['A motorbiker , who early in the film was unable to start his motorcycle, boards a tram, and witnesses a black man  sitting down next to an elderly white woman . In the entire 12 minutes, the old woman racially abuses the black man, stating that blacks stink, are unintelligent, criminal and the perfect carrier for AIDS. The biker feels uncomfortable, but does not dare to interrupt. The black man stays quiet for the entire film, until the tram controller arrives: when the old woman produces her ticket, he grabs and swallows it. When the old woman accuses the black man of eating her ticket, he coolly shows his valid ticket to the controller; the latter nods at him and arrests the old woman. The punch line is that both the black man and the old woman are "Schwarzfahrer" now: the black man who rides a train, is a non-offensive "black rider", while the old woman now is a real law-breaking Schwarzfahrer . The one passenger the viewer knows who never possessed a ticket, the motorbiker, escapes without the controller checking his ticket.'] ['During the Great Depression, a man  is thrown out of a speeding car. When he regains consciousness in a hospital, he has amnesia. He is visited by a man who accuses him of faking his condition. The stranger calls the patient Phil and demands to know what happened to a valise, then runs away when Phil summons a nurse for help. When the man recovers, he takes the name Robert Ordway, after a hospital benefactor. Ordway\'s doctor, John Carey ([[Ray Collins , wants to continue treating him and offers lodging in his house. All attempts to discover his identity fail, so Ordway decides to learn all he can about his condition. After ten years, he has become a successful psychiatrist, in partnership with Carey. Ordway begins treating prison inmates. He is so successful, he is named head of the state parole board. While on a date in a nightclub with social worker Grace Fielding , he is recognized by two men from his past: Joe Dylan  and Nick Ferris . They and a third man, Emilio Caspari , are unsure if he is their partner in crime. They convince convict Pearl Adams , their associate\'s ex-girlfriend, to apply for parole. At her hearing, she calls Ordway "Dr. Morgan". Ordway badgers her until she reveals that he is Phil Morgan, the mastermind of a $200,000 payroll robbery from which the money was never recovered. To trigger his memory, he contacts the three men and reenacts the events of the day he lost his memory. Tempers flare and the men fight. During the struggle, Ordway is struck on the head and remembers his past. He also acquires the gun. He calls the police and has the gang arrested. Insisting on being tried for the robbery, Morgan admits his wrongdoing, but takes pride in his accomplishments since. The jury finds him guilty, but recommends clemency. The judge sentences him to the minimum term of ten years, then suspends the sentence, saying, "We need men like you."'] ['Gabe Ryan  is released from reform school and it taken to a new house by his sister Joy  to start a new life where no one knows of his past. However, Gabe immediately joins a local gang, the Beale Street Termites, where he meets up with William Kroner , a local gangster. William accuses him of starting a fire at one of his properties, and Alfred Martino , the actual arsonist, uses this opportunity to frame Gabe for any fire. He decides to torch one of his apartment complexes so that he can collect the insurance money. Unfortunately, one of the kids, Sleepy  is killed in the fire. Patrick Remson , the Assistant District Attorney, tries to prove Gabe\'s innocence. His motives are not only to prove Gabe\'s innocence, but also to get closer to his sister. Joy has devoted her life to helping Gabe and neglects her other interests, which was rallying against city government corruption, which pleases Martino. However, it is all for naught as Gabe is found guilty and sentenced to prison. The other boys, led by Billy , decide to do something to help Gabe. Billy runs for "boy mayor" and wins. He has Kroner arrested for a small infraction and sends him to jail. While there, Billy and the rest of the gang interrogate him and try to make him admit that Gabe is innocent. He does not cave in, that is until he is shown proof that his accomplices, Martino and the fire chief, are planning to skip the country. He confesses and Martino and the chief are arrested and sent to prison.'] ["Michael Lynch is one of Dublin's most notorious criminals. He has two wives, Christine and Lisa , as well as many children. When he is not spending time with his family, he is plotting heists with his gang. His actions make him an iconic figure, and he has a rapport with the general public despite being a criminal. During his elaborate heists, he concentrates on the showmanship as much as the crime itself. He pulls off a daring art theft, stealing several priceless paintings from Dublin's best art gallery, giving the authorities the slip. The Gardaí become more determined to catch him as time goes on, in particular Noel Quigley, an officer whose ambition to catch Lynch becomes an obsession. His actions also gain the ire of the IRA. Lynch finds himself in trouble when he is unable to sell a stolen Caravaggio painting, giving Quigley the opportunity he was waiting for to try and catch him. Lynch is forced to go on the run, with his popularity with the public at stake."] ["Enrico Fontana , a wealthy Milan industrialist and jealous husband, becomes interested in his young and beautiful wife's shady past and hires a detective. At the same time, his wife, Paola Molon , a native of Ferrara, meets her former lover Guido , who tries to sell cars to Enrico. Partly due to the ongoing investigation she reunites with him again in an attempt to cover a mysterious death of Giovanna, former fiancee of Guido and school friend of Paola, fallen into an open lift shaft in Ferrara many years before. As a result, they fall in love again. Paola urges Guido to kill Enrico, and her lover, armed with a gun, waits for Enrico's car on a roadside. However, approaching the ambush, Enrico gets in a deadly car accident. Guido leaves Paola again and departs from Milan."] ["Isaak Kohler  coolly walked up to a man everyone assumed was his friend and shot him dead. This took place in front of dozens of witnesses in a busy restaurant, and there was no question about his guilt. What he never revealed was his motive. He has been in prison serving a twenty year sentence ever since. Perhaps in order to ease his daughter's pain about the incident, he has hired a legal representative to arrange for him to receive a retrial. He is still unforthcoming about his reasons for committing the crime, and invites the struggling lawyer to make something up. This crime and courtroom drama is based on a novel by Friedrich Dürrenmatt, whose works are highly respected within the German-speaking intellectual community but whose appeal has proved difficult to translate."] ['On a rainy night in 1928 in a Pennsylvania factory town called Iverstown, Martha Ivers , a young girl yearning to escape from the guardianship of her wealthy, domineering aunt, is caught trying to run away with her friend, the street-smart, poor Sam Masterson .{{cite web}} Martha is taken home. Later that night, Sam comes for her, but hides when her aunt hears Martha\'s beloved cat wandering on the staircase. When Mrs. Ivers attacks the pet with her cane; Martha intervenes and accidentally kills her aunt. This is witnessed by Walter O\'Neil , the son of Martha\'s tutor . Martha lies about the incident to Mr. O\'Neil, and Walter supports her. The greedy Mr. O\'Neil suspects what happened, but presents Martha\'s version of events to the police, that an intruder is responsible. He then uses his power over Martha to move into the mansion and take control of her life; years later, he blackmails her into marrying his son by forcing her to testify against an innocent man, resulting in his execution. Eighteen years later, Walter  is the district attorney, while Martha  used her inheritance from her aunt to build a large business empire. However, their marriage is one-sided; he loves her, but she doesn\'t love him. Sam , now a drifter and gambler, stops in the small town by chance when he crashes his car and has to wait for it to be repaired. At his old home, now a boarding house, he meets Antonia "Toni" Marachek , who has just been released from jail. She is later picked up for violating her probation by not returning to her hometown. Sam goes to see Walter, to see if he can use his influence to get her released. Walter worries that Sam has returned with blackmail in mind. When he observes his wife\'s joyful reaction to the news, he has an additional motive for running Sam out of town. He forces Toni to set Sam up. Sam is beaten and driven out of town, but he is too tough to be intimidated. When all else fails, Walter makes a half-hearted attempt to kill Sam himself, but is easily disarmed. Martha then inadvertently blurts out the couple\'s fears, but they prove to be groundless: Sam never witnessed the death. Martha breaks down and laments that he left without her all those years ago, taking with him her only chance for love and freedom. Sam is torn between his old love and his new. Although he eventually forgives Toni for betraying him, he and Martha spend an idyllic day together, rekindling his feelings for her. Walter arranges to meet Sam to finally settle matters. Before Sam arrives, Walter gets drunk and Martha finds out about the meeting. When she urges Sam to kill her husband, Sam\'s love for her is extinguished. He leaves the guilt-ridden couple to contemplate the wreckage of their lives. Before he goes, he gives Walter back his gun and turns his back on him, but Walter does nothing. Martha picks up the gun, but she cannot fire either. After Sam leaves, Walter embraces Martha, then points his gun at her midriff. Oddly relieved, she puts her hand over his hand on the trigger and presses. As she is dying, she defiantly states her name is not Martha Ivers, but Martha Smith. Outside, Sam hears the shot, then soon after, a second. Sam starts toward the house, then realizes it is too late and departs. He leaves town with Toni.'] ["Alan Mitchell is a returning Korean War veteran who joins his father Walter's garment company, Roxton Fashions. The firm has been paying protection money to gangsters led by Artie Ravidge to keep the union out. Walter's partner, Fred Kenner, sympathizes with the union's goals. After he tells Walter to sever his ties with the hoodlum enforcers, Kenner is killed when the freight elevator he enters, which was just 'fixed' by one of the hoods disguised as a repairman, plunges 12 stories to the bottom of the shaft. Tulio Renata is a union organizer trying to organize the factory who also later gets murdered by Ravidge's men, and his wife Theresa Renata endures threats against her and their child. Alan Mitchell comes to sympathize with the plight of the workers. When he finally convinces his father to fire the union busting gangsters, Walter is killed and Ravidge attempts to take over the factory. Theresa Renata takes copies of Mitchell's records to the police, who arrest Ravidge."] ["After World War II, ex-serviceman Joe Barrett  returns to Tokyo, to see if there's anything left of his pre-war bar and gambling joint  after all the bombing. Amazingly, it is more or less intact and being run by his old friend Ito . He is also shocked to learn from Ito that his wife Trina , who he thought had died in the war, is in fact still very much alive. She has remarried, to American diplomat Mark Landis , and has a seven-year-old child, Joe's daughter Anya . Barrett starts up an air freight business. One of his customers, underworld boss Baron Kimura , wants him to smuggle war criminals into the country in order to organize an anti-American Communist movement. When he balks, Kimura kidnaps Anya. Barrett rescues her and foils the Baron's plot, although he is fatally wounded in the ensuing struggle."] ['The film opens some time after the original film with Tonny serving out his last day of a prison sentence. His cell-mate delivers a monologue advising Tonny to conquer his fear. He then reminds Tonny that he owes him money, but has chosen to give him more time out of respect for Tonny\'s father, the Duke, a vicious gangster. Upon his release, Tonny visits his father\'s chop shop seeking employment. The Duke has a younger son from a different mother now, and receives Tonny coldly, but he ultimately allows Tonny to work for him on a trial basis. Tonny steals a Ferrari in an effort to impress his father, but the car is too dangerous to keep and the Duke berates Tonny mercilessly for his lack of responsibility. While hanging out with his friend Ø, Tonny learns that he has a child with a local prostitute, Charlotte. Charlotte has raised the child by herself so far and demands that Tonny start paying her child support. Tonny makes empty promises to pay, but soon comes to care for the child. Meanwhile, Tonny successfully participates in a car heist, but is forced to ride in the trunk of the escape car because there are no seats left. On the side, Tonny helps a local pimp and hoodlum, "Kurt the Cunt", make a heroin deal with Milo, the drug lord from the first movie. When one of Milo\'s thugs arrives late, a spooked Kurt flushes the heroin down the toilet and blows the deal. Kurt convinces Tonny to help buy him a gun and shoot him in the arm to convince Kurt\'s backers that he was robbed. While visiting with Charlotte and his son, Tonny learns how to change his son\'s diaper. Ø watches and reveals that he is about to marry his girlfriend Gry and have a child of his own. At Ø\'s wedding reception, the Duke delivers a toast telling Ø that he thinks of him as a son, and then chides Tonny. Tonny gets drunk and becomes angry as he watches Charlotte snort cocaine with Gry in the club\'s kitchen and neglect their child. He insists that she take the baby home, but she refuses by berating and humiliating Tonny. Enraged, Tonny strangles Charlotte before several men pull him away. Realizing that he has once again made a fool of himself, Tonny leaves the party and meets Kurt, who is lingering outside. Kurt convinces Tonny to help him smash up his apartment to further support their story. In return Kurt promises to put in a good word for Tonny with the Duke. After Kurt kills a prostitute that emerges from his bedroom, Tonny tries to leave. Kurt reveals that his financial backer is the Duke and that he has lied so that Tonny will share in Kurt\'s debt. Tonny visits his father to find a way to reconcile and pay off his debt. After learning that the Duke\'s ex-wife Jeanette is trying to take custody of his young son, Tonny volunteers to intimidate her into dropping the suit. The Duke insists that Tonny kill her, and he agrees. Tonny visits Jeanette at Kurt\'s brothel, where she works, but he cannot go through with the murder. After returning and admitting his failure, the Duke berates him savagely. Tonny snaps and stabs the Duke to death. He flees and goes looking for Ø, but instead finds Gry and Charlotte getting high. They deride Tonny and then leave the baby unattended. Tonny steals the child along with some money from Gry\'s purse and gets on a bus, fleeing the city. The film ends with a shot of the tattoo on the back of Tonny\'s head reading: Respect.'] ['The film revolves around three young anti-capitalist activists living in Berlin city centre — Jule , her boyfriend Peter  and his best friend Jan . Jule is a waitress struggling to pay off the €100,000 debt she accumulated after crashing into a Mercedes-Benz S-Class of a wealthy businessman named Hardenberg  on a motorway. After she is evicted for paying her rent too late, she moves in with Peter and Jan, who are often out all night. When Peter takes a trip to Barcelona, Jan reveals that he and Peter spend their nights "educating" upper-class people by breaking into their houses, moving furniture around, and leaving notes with messages that say "die fetten Jahre sind vorbei" , or "Sie haben zu viel Geld" . After learning about this, Jule convinces the reluctant Jan to spontaneously break into Hardenberg\'s home in the affluent Berlin suburb of Zehlendorf, as he happens to be away on business. During the break-in, the thrill of the moment entices the two to kiss. Jan leaves Jule alone for a few minutes because he does not want to hurt his friendship with Peter. While wandering around, Jule accidentally sets off the house\'s floodlights after she goes outside and they leave in a hurry. Peter returns the next day, but Jan and Jule do not tell him about their activities the night before. Jule soon realises that she is missing her mobile phone, so Jule and Jan go off later that night to look for it in the house. Just after she finds it, Hardenberg walks in the door and he begins to struggle with Jule after recognising her. Jan, who hears the struggle, comes downstairs and knocks Hardenberg out with a flashlight. Not knowing what to do, the pair call Peter who shows up to help them. The three cannot decide what to do with Hardenberg, so they decide to take him to a remote and rarely-used cabin in the Tyrolean Austrian Alps, near Jenbach, overlooking Achensee, that belongs to Jule\'s uncle. While trying to decide how to deal with their hostage, they learn that Hardenberg was once a radical himself in the 1960s. He had been a leader of the Socialist German Student Union and was once good friends with Rudi Dutschke, before eventually marrying, getting a good job and abandoning his ideals. As the story progresses, political ideologies, but more so the characters\' relationships, become the deep issues. Peter and Jan temporarily fall out over Jan\'s now blooming romance with Jule, while Hardenberg seems to regain some sense of his former self. In the end, the three decide to take Hardenberg back to his house and let him go. As the three get ready to leave, Hardenberg hands Jule a letter, clearing all her debt and telling them that they need not worry about the police. The film ends with Peter, Jan and Jule sleeping in bed whilst a group of Spezialeinsatzkommando police amass outside the flat that Jule, Peter and Jan had been sharing, and knock on the door. Jule then wakes up when she hears a knock on the door. The police force their way into the flat which they find nearly completely empty. The film then cuts to Jule, who opens the door to a hotel maid offering to clean their room, presumably in a hotel in Barcelona. Back in the apartment in Berlin, the police find a note that reads "Manche Menschen ändern sich nie" . The original German version shows the three Edukators taking Hardenberg\'s boat into the Mediterranean to destroy the signal towers on an island that supply most of the television to Western Europe.{{cite web}}'] ['David Gale  is a prisoner on death row in Texas. With only a few days to his execution, his lawyer negotiates a half million-dollar fee to tell his story to Bitsey Bloom , a journalist from a major news magazine known for her ability to keep secrets and protect her sources. He tells her the story of how he ended up on death row, revealed to the movie audience through a series of lengthy flashbacks. Gale is head of the philosophy department at the University of Texas and an active member of DeathWatch, a group campaigning against capital punishment. He loses a televised debate with the Governor of Texas when he is unable to point to an example of a demonstrably innocent man being executed. Later, a graduation party, he encounters Berlin , an attractive female graduate student who had been expelled from the school, corners the inebriated Gale and succeeds in getting him to have rough sex with her. She then falsely accuses Gale of rape. Later, she drops the charges and flees, but the negative publicity costs Gale his career, marriage, and reputation. Constance Harraway , a fellow DeathWatch activist, is a close friend of Gale\'s who consoles him after his life fall apart. However, Harraway is found raped and murdered, suffocated by a plastic bag taped over her head. An autopsy reveals that she had been forced to swallow the key of the handcuffs used to restrain her, a psychological torture technique utilized under the communist regime of Nicolae Ceauşescu, which Gale and Harraway had both protested against. The physical evidence at the crime scene points to Gale, who is convicted of her rape and murder and is, ironically, sentenced to death. In the present, Bloom investigates the case in between her visits with Gale. She comes to believe that the apparent evidence against Gale does not add up. She is also tailed several times in her car by a figure who turns out to be Dusty Wright , the alleged one-time lover and colleague of Harraway\'s. Wright slips evidence to Bloom that suggests Gale has been framed, implying that the "real" murderer videotaped the crime. Bloom pursues this lead until she finds a tape revealing that Harraway, who was suffering from terminal leukemia, had committed an elaborate suicide to look like murder. She and Wright are both seen on the videotape, showing that they framed Gale as part of a plan to discredit the death penalty. Bloom does not find this evidence until the day of Gale\'s scheduled execution. In a frenzy, she tries to give the tape to the authorities in time to stop the execution. She arrives at the prison just as the warden announces that it has already been carried out. The tape is then released, causing a media and political uproar over the execution of an innocent man. Later, Wright receives the fee that Bloom\'s magazine agreed to pay for the interview, and delivers it to Gale\'s ex-wife in Spain, along with a postcard from Berlin apologizing for the false rape accusation. His ex-wife looks distraught, knowing Gale told the truth and that she effectively stole their child away from him. Much later still, a videotape labeled "Off the Record" is delivered to Bloom. This tape picks up at the point where Wright confirmed that Harraway was dead, then continues on to show him stepping aside to allow Gale, also present and party to the suicide, to caress her body. It was in doing this that Gale left his fingerprints on Harraway\'s plastic suffocation bag. The plot has some parallels with the 1999 Clint Eastwood drama True Crime, but with a different outcome.'] ["Fernando Galindo, a bank clerk, persuades his colleagues to rob the bank where they work in revenge for manager's dismissal and poor employment conditions. They decide to fake a robbery similar to those featured in films. Despite their careful preparation, the plan fails because a band of real robbers burst into the bank the same day they had planned to carry out their raid."] ["Marie , a woman of considerable beauty, is distressed at her treatment by Roland, a criminal who is a part of a local syndicate. When Marie is introduced to the handsome stranger Georges, she falls in love with him instantly, much to the chagrin of Roland. When Roland's jealousy builds after a number of meetings between Marie and Georges, Roland decides to confront Georges behind a club where a number members of his syndicate watch. After Georges gains control of a knife that had been thrown between them to initiate the fight, George manages to stab Roland in the back after a brief scuffle, killing him almost instantly. When the police arrive at the scene everyone flees, including Marie, who seeks refuge away from the syndicate at a nearby village. Georges decides it is best to flee town. He is lured to a rendezvous with Marie by a note she sends. The two live an idyllic life in the nearby village, until Georges is brought word that a friend, Raymond, had been arrested for the murder of Roland. Félix, the leader of the syndicate, has placed blame on Raymond in an attempt to bring Georges out of hiding and win control of Marie. Not realizing this plan, Georges confesses to the police that he is the real killer. While being transported between jails, he breaks free with the help of a diversion by Marie. Georges immediately seeks out Félix to seek his revenge. When he finds him in the presence of the police, he kills him anyway, condemning himself in the process. With the two murders on his hands, Georges is sentenced to die by the guillotine while a broken Marie is forced to watch in horror as he is executed."] ['The film follows the personal relationship between a father  and his two sons , one of whom is a hit-man for the Jewish-Russian mafia in Brooklyn.'] ["The film follows the kidnapping of Carla  and her boyfriend when they are suddenly kidnapped in Caracas, Venezuela. Carla  and Martin  are a young upper-class couple fresh from a night of dancing and partying when they cross paths with Trece , Budu  and Niga , three men who make their living by kidnapping unwitting young adults to extort quick money from their wealthy parents. Carla and Martin become their next victims and are sent on a terrifying overnight journey through Caracas as they wait for Carla's father Sergio  to hand over twenty thousand dollars - a small amount for a rich Caraqueño, but the equivalent of more than 8 years of the Venezuelan minimum wage. They are emotionally and physically hurt, but soon form a relationship with their captors to try to escape. However, none of their plans pan out. They continue in the Land Cruiser, listening and understanding, even if slightly, their captor's point of view. Through the many mishaps they encounter, they begin to, albeit scarily, bond with the kidnappers. Martin flees the kidnappers in a crowded square, telling Niga to kill his girlfriend, abandoning her. However, he is soon apprehended by one of their cronies and returned to them and murdered in the trunk of a taxi. After her father pays their ransom, the kidnappers heatedly argue over her fate, between murder, rape, and release. Trece pays his share to the others to release her unharmed, and Carla is soon released, only to be found by another set of kidnappers. However, Trece returns to the scene and shoots them, freeing her again at that time. In the final scene she can be seen with much more modest attire and an inelegant car, continuing her work with sickly, impoverished children."] ["The movie is presented in five segments, each bearing a title: *The Stranger: Arden lives with her abusive, invalid mother. One day she discovers the naked body of a dead woman on the property. Arden becomes a minor celebrity, drawing the attention of Rudy, who tells her the dead woman is the victim of a serial killer preying on young women in the area. Rudy asks Arden out. Arden gets into a fight with her mother, which compels her to finally leave home. Arden has her date with Rudy. In the morning, Arden calls the police to report a woman  left alone at home. *The Sister: Leah is prepping the dead woman in the morgue when she notices a certain birthmark. Leah suspects that the dead woman is her sister, Jenny, who was taken from a nearby park fifteen years ago. She asks the sheriff to match the dental records. She is certain the dead woman is her missing sister, but Leah's parents refuse to believe their daughter Jenny is dead. The sheriff delivers the test result: the dead woman is NOT Jenny. *The Wife: Ruth is angry that her husband, Carl, constantly leaves her alone night after night. The next morning, she discovers clothing, wallets, and ID's in ziplock bags inside a storage unit that is supposedly empty. She matches the IDs to names in the newspapers of the serial killer's victims. Carl comes back late at night with scratches on his neck. After another argument, he leaves the house to go to the car outside. He pulls a trash bag out of the trunk and goes to the storage unit. Ruth asks Carl if he knows anything about the dead women, and he says no. Later that night, Ruth enters the unit and pulls everything out. She drives to the police station, but doesn't follow through with her plan to present the evidence she found to the authorities; instead Ruth returns home to burn the evidence. *The Mother: The dead woman has been identified as Krista Kutcher. Melora, Krista's mother, is notified. Melora goes to Krista's previous house and finds Rosetta, Krista's former roommate. During a tense conversation with Rosetta, Melora learns that her daughter Krista had been a prostitute, that she bore a daughter, and that Melora's late husband had sexually abused her own daughter Krista. The following day, Melora takes Krista's daughter home with her. *The Dead Girl: Krista buys her daughter a stuffed animal for her third birthday. One of her johns, Tarlow, promises to drive her to Norwalk, where her daughter is, but he backs out at the last minute. Krista goes back to her room and finds her room-mate Rosetta &mdash; implied to be her lover &mdash; severely beaten. Krista believes the culprit to be a man named Tommy. Krista vandalizes Tommy's car and, when he tries to stop her, she beats him up and leaves on a borrowed motorcycle. Krista calls Rosetta, and tearfully asks if Rosetta loves her; Rosetta doesn't reply, and Krista hangs up, heartbroken. When the motorcycle breaks down on the highway, Krista hitches a ride from Carl. The film ends with Krista smiling, and happily talking about her daughter."] ["Jack Manfred  is an aspiring writer going nowhere fast. To make ends meet and against his better judgment, he takes a job as a croupier. The interview was set up by his father, a small-time hustler back home in South Africa. Jack finds himself drawn into the casino world, and the job gradually takes over his life, as it apparently had in South Africa. He goes drinking with Matt  a croupier whom he knows is cheating the casino. He sleeps with a fellow croupier named Bella  in contravention to casino policy. His relationship with girlfriend Marion  begins to deteriorate when he lets her read part of his book about a cold, unfeeling croupier who enjoys seeing gamblers lose—a character transparently based on Jack himself. It falls apart completely when Bella confronts Jack at the apartment where he lives with Marion, and accuses him of getting her fired and tells Marion about the one-night stand she had with Jack. Upon hearing the news, Marion breaks up with Jack. One gambler, Jani , tries to befriend Jack—another serious violation of casino rules. Jani shows him bruises she got from gambling creditors and asks Jack to be the inside man for a planned robbery at the casino. All he has to do is raise the alarm when a gambler cheats at his table. Jack eventually agrees and accepts a £10,000 advance against an additional £10,000 if all goes well. In doing so, Jack realizes that Jani's injuries were faked. Marion reconciles with Jack but discovers that he is involved in something criminal and tries to foil it. On the night of the robbery, Jack raises the alarm anyway and gets beaten by the gambler as a distraction while others try to grab the money. They fail, and Jack and Marion have an argument but she stays with him. When a late-night knock at the door comes, Jack assumes it to be the casino robbers demanding their advance money. Instead, it is a policeman, who informs him that Marion has been killed in an apparent hit-and-run. Jack finishes his book and gets it published anonymously. It is a big success, but he doesn't change anything about his life, continuing to work as a croupier and live in his basement flat, not even buying the new car he wanted. Jack goes on with his life and gets another call, this one from Jani, who congratulates him on playing his part in the attempted robbery and implies that she benefited significantly. Then she puts his father on the phone, and he implies that he set up the croupier job for Jack in order to arrange for the attempted robbery, and he benefited as well. Stunned but amused, Jack hangs up. Just then, Bella appears from the bedroom and kisses him."] ['In Paris of the not-too-distant future, a mysterious new disease named STBO is killing young people who make love without emotional involvement. A serum has been developed, but it is locked away in an office block, out of the reach of those who need it most. An American woman blackmails two ageing crooks, Marc and Hans, into stealing the STBO serum. Marc recruits Alex, a rebellious teenager whose father worked for him before getting himself killed. Although Alex has a girlfriend, Lise, he end up falling for Marc’s young lover, Anna...'] ['Crane Stewart , the editor of the New York Star, while playing poker with his friends, tells a story about a cop involved in a murder investigation. In flashback, the editor tells the tale of police lieutenant Tony Cochrane , a family man who cheats on his wife with socialite femme fatale Jill Merrill . Cochrane and the woman, who is also cheating on her husband, witness a man bludgeoning his girlfriend to death with a tire iron while the couple is parked at "lovers lane" by the beach. The two can\'t report the crime without revealing their cheating, a dilemma which eventually leads to bigger troubles. Meanwhile, Cochrane must investigate the killing but is not able to tell anyone he witnessed the crime.'] ["Pedley, retiring from the British Secret Service, can't understand why he hasn't yet been knighted. He devises an elaborate heist of an airplane cargo, recruiting Mike Warden, a writer from America, although his real aim is to capture the elusive General Ferranti. Warden travels to Italy to assume control of the scheme along with Pedley's accomplice Sylvia Giroux, with whom he soon falls in love. They are arrested, but Pedley comes to their rescue just in time."] ["Thomas Vlassenroot, a citizen of Luxembourg, after his divorce, decides to enlist in the French Foreign Legion.cinema-francais.fr He is posted to Algeria but during the 1961 uprising he becomes disllusioned and deserts. Lieutenant Fraser entices Thomas to join the OAS and also to take part in a plan to kidnap lawyer Dominique Servet by promising him enough money to enable him to return to his home in Luxembourg. Dominique Servet is in Algiers defending Algerian nationalists in court and this has made her a target. While in France he takes the train back to his hometown but during a stop in Lyon he disembarks because he needs to see Dominique again. He finds her at her home and she nurses him when she discovers how badly injured he is but his enemies are not far behind and finally track him down and they threaten both of them with death. He enters his home and finds his little girl sitting at the table. He finally collapses on the floor from his unattended wounds and dies while passing his hand over his face as if to close his eyes. Dominique still waiting outside the fence cries out his name. The film closes on a silent black screen with Thomas Vlassenroot's name and dates of birth and death."] ["Bowie, a youthful convicted murderer, and bank robbers Chicamaw and T-Dub escape from a Mississippi chain gang in the 1930s. They hole up with a gas station attendant and continue robbing banks. Bowie, who is injured in an auto accident, takes refuge with the daughter of the gas station attendant, Keechie. They become romantically involved but their relationship is strained by Bowie's refusal to turn his back on crime. Chicamaw is eventually recaptured and T-Dub is killed while waiting in his car for his wife. Bowie poses as a sheriff's deputy to spring Chickamaw from jail. But he quickly becomes disgusted with the violent, raving Chicamaw and abandons him on the side of the road. The Texas Rangers catch up with Bowie, who is betrayed by a motel keeper. He meets a violent end. Keechie carries on, pregnant with Bowie's baby."] ['Four friends from the ghetto get involved in a careless prank which goes badly wrong. As their weekend spirals out of control, they try to "fix" the situation with criminal acts and only succeed in making things worse.'] ['The film begins with Bronson introducing himself to the camera, stating he always wanted to be famous. He cannot sing, he cannot act, and so he shows the calling he found: the film cuts to a naked Bronson fighting several prison guards in a cage. The film then presents several assorted points from his life, intercut with Bronson on stage before an audience in several stages of performance make-up, and speaking directly to camera while seemingly behind bars. Michael Peterson is shown as a baby, and then as a young boy involved in fights with pupils and a teacher at school using a desk as a weapon. He had his first job at a chip shop, where he committed his first crime, stealing money from the cash register and giving some of the money and a kiss to a young woman who was working there. He then goes on to marry the woman, Irene, and has a baby with her. Peterson goes to jail after robbing a post office and getting away with a small amount of cash. Peterson thrives in prison, comparing it to a hotel room, and every night he displays violent behaviour towards the guards, which causes the other inmates to treat him like a star. The authorities send him to a series of different prisons in hope that one of them will be able to handle him, but nothing seems to help. Eventually he is sent to Rampton Secure Hospital, where he is injected with high doses of sedative drugs every time he tries to start a fight. A man approaches Peterson while he is being subdued with drugs and seems to be sympathetic to Peterson. This soon changes as the man, John White, reveals that he is a paedophile and suggests that he and Peterson should rape a nine-year-old girl. The furious Peterson expresses aggressive hate towards the man, but is unable to do anything against him. In an attempt to prove his sanity and be sent back to prison he finally tries to strangle the paedophile after pretending to be calm for several days. Because of this he is sent to the high-security psychiatric hospital, Broadmoor, where he starts a large-scale riot. News footage from the actual event shows Peterson up on the roof, thus being branded "Her Majesty\'s most expensive prisoner". He is then certified sane and therefore released into the general population. While on parole and living with his uncle in Luton, he becomes involved in bareknuckle boxing and human baiting and changes his name to Charles "Charlie" Bronson, after the famous actor. This career ends quickly after he falls in love with a woman, steals an engagement ring, proposes to her and is arrested for robbery. He was out of prison for only 69 days. Back in prison, he is once again involved in several fights with guards, thus extending his sentence. The character of his violent outbursts starts to become more sophisticated. At one event he holds a prison officer hostage before stripping naked and greasing himself up to fight riot officers. The governor tells him: "If you continue this, you will die here." He becomes interested in art, which the prison officials think is a good way to develop his interacting skills with other human beings. Eventually this project gets out of hand when Bronson holds his art teacher hostage, ties him to a pole, puts an apple in his mouth, and paints the hostage\'s face. The film closes by telling us that Charles Bronson has not been granted a release date, and he is seen badly beaten, his chin torn, groaning, in what is effectively a cage coffin in the centre of a large, dark room.'] ['DCP Paramaguru  an efficient police officer who fights with the scum of the society. He later masquerades as a thief to infiltrate into the underworld. The bad guys are surprised to find that Paramguru is the DCP, out to get them. So they all gang up against him. In this process a thrilling encounter takes place between the good and the evil. Paramaguru is helped in his fight against injustice by Divya  who falls in love with him.'] ["The movie begins when Tommy ([[DMX  and Sincere , along with fellow crew members Mark and Black, rob a nightclub. After dropping Black off, the others go to Tommy's house to hide out for a while. Their noise wakes up Keisha , Tommy's girlfriend, who is trying to sleep. Sincere says that he too is tired, and he and Mark leave soon after. Sincere returns to his house, where his wife Tionne  and baby Kenya wait. Back at Tommy's house, Tommy learns of a new, potent form of heroin that is making its way to America. After a passionate night with their women, Tommy and Sincere meet early in the morning and Tommy tells Sincere about the new drug, and also how much money they could make if they got involved with Tommy's friend Ox, a drug lord who is receiving shipments. Reluctantly, Sincere agrees. At Mark's grandmother's basement, Tommy talks to an associate, Knowledge, over the phone while Sincere confronts Black about the money and being disrespectful. Black is beaten up and pistol whipped by Tommy, who then forces Black to strip naked in front of everyone while firing at least 3 shots to the ground. Black sits on the couch crying. The duo, along with some of their friends from the neighborhood, including Knowledge and Mark, start transporting drugs  from Queens to Omaha, and begin to take over the drug scene there. This is met with jealousy from a local drug dealer named Big Head Rico , who informs the police of their activities. This results in a raid at their stash-house, in which Mark is critically injured and Knowledge getting arrested. Knowledge calls back home from the local jail and is told by Keisha that Tommy isn't there, nor should he have called home since the FBI had placed wire taps on their phone. Knowledge gets angry that Tommy won't come to bail him out, and calls up Shameek aka Father Sha , to not only infiltrate Rico's gang and to kill Rico, but to handle Tommy. While at a strip club in Omaha, Shameek confronts Rico and informs him that Knowledge sent him here to check him and others. When Rico tries to run, Shameek shoots and kills Rico as well as some members of his crew. While reloading his guns, the bartender shoots Sha with a shotgun out the club and Shameek manages to escape from the cops with injury. Meanwhile, Tommy goes to Jamaica with Ox, and kills Sosa, the son of a drug lord there, at a stoplight while dressed as a homeless man, as a favor to Ox. Meanwhile back in Tommy's house, Keisha is arrested by police and later bailed out by Tionne. Later when the deceased's family and friends finds out that is was Ox who ordered the hit, Pelpa, the gang's leader and close friend of Sosa, sends a hit squad to kill him in his home, and Ox is able to kill them all before a femme fatale named Chiquita swoops down from his top floor and slits his throat. While this is going on, Sincere has been trying to get out of the drug game and move his girlfriend and child to Africa, despite Tommy's jokes that he was getting soft for wanting to leave. They make plans to leave on New Years, 2000. However, now Sincere is suspicious of Tommy; since the Omaha incident, Tommy has been on the run and was caught in Atlanta, GA, along with two young dealers from the neighborhood, Wise and LaKid, selling weed. One night at dinner, Tommy instigates an argument between Wise and LaKid, in which causes both men to draw out their guns and LaKid shoots Wise dead. Tommy, who is too drunk and high, gets arrested and later released. Sincere feels that Tommy would give him up to save himself. This was not the case. Tommy was chosen by federal agents to assassinate a black Muslim leader, Rev. Saviour,  who had been preaching against the government on New Year's Eve. Later on, Sincere talks with his friend, Shorty about what is going on lately and getting out the drug game. Tionne later comes home from shopping only to find Shameek and a few other men waiting for her inside and when he asks for Sincere and Tommy, Tionne draws out her gun while they draw out theirs, but decide to spare her life and leave. Later while talking to a friend ([[AZ  outside a barbershop, Black and an accomplice confront Sincere and shoots him in the leg, which causes Sincere to shoot both Black and his accomplice dead and takes off. On New Years' Eve, Tommy confronts the leader in his study before he was to make a massive speech of hope and points his gun at him. The leader convinces Tommy not to go through with his mission, even though it was betraying the government and now putting his life at risk. At the same time, Shameek visits Keisha's home, in the hopes of finding Tommy there. Shameek slaps Keisha around, but Keisha is able to grab his gun right before he was going to kill her, turning the gun on him instead of her. Sincere, having known everything that was going on, and surviving an attempt on his life too by his old friend Black, takes that moment to get out of New York as his family starts life over in Africa."] ["Most coal mines in China are worked by migrant workers who are forced to endure back-breaking, dangerous work in order to send money home. Some of them have additional schemes of their own. Song Jinming  and Tang Zhaoyang  are professional con artists, running an intricate scam they have perfected through repeated practice. They find a naive young man looking for work, and convince him that they have arranged three lucrative coal mining jobs for themselves and a relative. The relative has not arrived in time, leaving a gap which they generously offer to the victim, on the condition that he pretend to be the missing relative. After a few days of working in the mine, they murder the victim, and by making the murder look like an accident, they use his death to extort compensation money from the mine's management. After introducing the scam, the film follows the pair as they repeat it on a new victim, sixteen-year-old Yuan Fengming . Tensions arise as Song begins to have reservations, touched by the victim's youth and innocence and his uncanny resemblance to their first victim of the film, while Tang remains focused on making money for himself and his own family."] ["Dey plays Valerie Smith, a 17-year-old who is lured into participating in a robbery. Captured by the authorities, she is sent to a reformatory, where she finds herself in more and more trouble while trying to adjust. Her sentence multiplied, it appears Valerie may never leave state custody. Valerie becomes the target of unwanted sexual advances from some of the other inmates, until a young African-American lesbian named Tommy  takes her under her protection. Tommy ultimately sacrifices her life to save Valerie's."] [' A Dirty Carnival is the story of Kim Byung-doo , a small-time gangster in his late 20s. Unable to acquire the money necessary to save his family from eviction, Byung-Doo subverts his boss, Sang-chul , and takes a job directly from President Hwang , Sang-chul\'s boss, to eliminate the public attorney Park who has been bothersome to President Hwang. On this job\'s completion, Byung-Doo receives the money he was hoping for in addition to President Hwang\'s respect and a spot at his side. Byung-Doo and President Hwang swear never to speak of the hit to anyone so that they, nor the organization, will not be implicated. While these events are happening, Byung-doo is reunited with his high school friend, Min-ho , who has become a movie director. Min-ho\'s cuurrent project is a gangster film, although prospective scripts are continuously shot down by his higher-ups for being too fake. In an attempt to improve the film\'s authenticity, Min-ho sets out to interview Byung-doo who he sees as "a real gangster". Meanwhile, Min-ho manages to reunite Byung-doo with his high school love interest, Hyun-joo . Byung-doo finds that he still has an interest in her and attempts to rekindle their relationship. Sang-chul becomes aware of the attorney Park murder and feels threatened by Byung-doo\'s subversion of his authority and lack of consideration for the organization. He sets up a hit to take out Byung-doo, but Byung-doo learns of this before it occurs and manages to murder Sang-chul first, guaranteeing his safety in the short term. These murders don\'t leave Byung-doo without heavy emotional baggage, however. When Byung-doo\'s gangster tendencies frighten Hyun-joo away, Min-ho attempts to console Byung-doo who reveals to Min-ho his darkest secrets, including the hits on both Attorney Park and his former boss, Sang-chul. Missing Hyun-joo deeply, Byung-doo tries to hide his gangster tendencies to revive their relationship. However, despite his words to Hyun-joo otherwise, Byung-doo is unable to truly escape the gangster occupation. In fact, as his rank within the gang escalates, his actions become more violent and cruel, juxtaposing his ever growing affection for Hyun-joo. Soon Byung-doo discovers that Min-ho\'s gangster film reenacts many of the events from Byung-doo\'s past, including the hit on Attorney Park. Realizing the dangers of the organization being implicated, Byung-doo confronts Min-ho and threatens him never to tell anyone, choosing to spare his life despite pleas from his underlings that he do otherwise. These underlings later decide to take matters into their own hands and threaten Min-ho more seriously than Byung-doo was willing to do, but still sparing his life. It is then that Min-ho, deeply disturbed, goes to the police and informs them of the potential threats on his life. The police attempt to arrest Byung-doo but fail. It is then that Byung-doo believes that the proper solution is to eliminate Min-ho once and for all. As Min-ho  have become quite popular, it will not be an easy job - Byung-doo intends to perform the hit and fly out of the country, escaping the consequences of his actions. Byung-doo moves to assassinate Min-ho at an after-party for his film. Min-ho manages to escape outside where he is captured by Byung-doo\'s underlings who are supposed to take Min-ho to a planned location for Byung-doo to meet them at. Upon arrival, Byung-doo is attacked by unknown thugs. Despite being outnumbered, Byung-doo manages to stumble away from his attackers, heavily wounded. He appears to be saved as his underlings arrive on the scene, however, they betray Byung-doo and kill him. Notably, Jong-soo , Byung-doo\'s former right-hand man and his lone accomplice in the President Hwang murder, is present and appears to be leading the betrayal. The scene shifts to a meeting with President Hwang and Min-ho, who appears to be alive and well despite being captured by Byung-doo\'s men. President Hwang discusses potential movie ideas with Min-ho, saying he can draw inspiration from the stories of his past, though they shouldn\'t be too close to the truth for as he says, "a fiction should remain a fiction", referencing Min-ho\'s first movie and its connection to Byung-doo\'s untimely fate. Soon Jong-soo joins the meeting, taking Byung-doo\'s position at President Hwang\'s side, showcasing his subversion much in the same way that Byung-doo subverted his own boss, Sang-chul. The final scene is a repetition from earlier in the film, where Byung-doo visits Min-ho on his movie set to give him advice. Byung-doo encourages Min-ho with the friendly words, "Make something with a real gangster spirit," reinforcing the strength of the friendship and gangster themes running througout the film.'] ["Jenny Lamour  wants to succeed in the theatre. Her husband and accompanist is Maurice Martineau , a mild-mannered but jealous man. When he finds out that Jenny has been making eyes at Brignon, a lecherous old businessman, in order to further her career, he loses his temper and threatens Brignon with death. Despite this, Jenny goes to a secret rendezvous at Brignon's apartment, who is murdered the same evening. The criminal investigations are led by Inspector Antoine ."] ["John LeTour, a 40-year-old New Yorker, is one of two delivery men for Ann, who supplies an exclusive clientele in the banking and financing sector with drugs. While Ann contemplates switching to the cosmetics business, LeTour, who suffers from insomnia, has lost his perspective in life. One night LeTour meets his former girlfriend Marianne, who both once shared an intense but destructive relationship due to excessive drug abuse. Although they stopped taking drugs, Marianne refuses his offer for a new start. After spending one night together, she tells him that this was her way of saying good-bye. Unbeknown to her, her mother died at the hospital while she was with LeTour. The next time he meets Marianne, she attacks him, demanding that he gets out of her life once and for all. Meanwhile, the police start observing LeTour because one of his clients, Tis, is connected to the drug induced death of a young woman. On his next delivery, LeTour witnesses a heavily drugged Marianne in Tis' apartment. Only minutes after his departure, she falls several stories to her death. LeTour gives the police a lead to Marianne's last whereabouts. At the wake, Marianne's sister Randi tells him not to feel guilty for what happened. When Tis orders a new supply and insists that LeTour delivers it, he senses that Tis wants to dispose of him. Ann accompanies him, but Tis' guards force her to leave the room. In the subsequent shoot-out, LeTour kills Tis and both of his henchmen, but is left critically wounded. He lies down on the hotel bed, showing no anger or pain, only a profound weariness, as police sirens can be heard in the distance. Ann visits LeTour in jail, who expresses his relief and hopes for a better future. The film hints at the possibility that Ann will wait for him."] ["In Les Halles, in the heart of Paris, the restaurateur André Chatelin , leads an uneventful life until the arrival from Marseille of Catherine , the daughter of his ex-wife Gabrielle . She tells him her mother is dead and that she is without resources. Chatelin welcomes her under his roof - then marries her. Gérard , a young student that Chatelin looks upon as a son, becomes Catherine's lover, and she sets him at odds with Chatelin. She asks him to kill the restaurateur. He refuses. She kills him. Having discovered that Gabrielle is still alive, declined and drug addicted, Chatelin realises the darkness of Catherine's soul who has always lied to him."] ["Julian Kaye  is a male escort in Los Angeles whose job supports his expensive taste in cars, stereophonic equipment, cocaine and clothes. He is, at times, blatantly narcissistic and superficial; however, he claims to take some pleasure in his work from being able to sexually satisfy women. When on an assignment for his primary procuress, Anne , he meets Michelle Stratton , the unhappy wife of a local politician, who becomes interested in him. Julian's other pimp, Leon , sends him to the house of a financier, Mr. Rheiman, who asks Julian to physically abuse and have sex with his wife while he watches them. As Julian begins to get to know Michelle, he learns that the financier's wife, Mrs. Rheiman, was murdered. Los Angeles Police Department Detective Sunday  investigates Julian as a primary suspect. Though he was with a client, Lisa Williams , on the night of the murder, the client refuses to give Julian an alibi in order to protect her and her husband's reputations. As Julian's relationship with Michelle deepens, suspicion of the murder mounts against him. He soon realizes that he is being framed and grows increasingly desperate. His mounting anguish is visually represented by a degeneration in style as his clothes become rumpled, he goes unshaven, and he even rents a cheap commuter car after his Mercedes SL has been tampered with. Julian finally confronts Leon, who confesses that one of the other, younger gigolos who works for him had killed the wealthy man's wife, and Leon had conceived the plan to frame Julian. After an argument, Julian accidentally pushes Leon over the apartment balcony and he falls to his death. With no one to help him, Julian ends up in jail, awaiting trial for the murder. However, when all seems lost, Michelle risks her reputation and that of her husband to provide Julian with the alibi that can save him from prison."] ["Magazine reporter Jonathan Fisher , in danger of losing his job, promises to write a hard-hitting story on prostitution. When no one on the street will talk to him, he fabricates a story of a pimp that's so well-received it puts his career back on track. But police think the story is of a real life pimp who is wanted for murder and start pressuring him to reveal the identity of the subject of his story. Fast Black , the pimp and police suspect, also thinks the story is about himself, and wants to know what Jonathan knows, and who told him. From there a battle of wits and wills ensues between Jonathan and Fast Black, in addition to Jonathan becoming involved with one of the pimp's call girls ."] ['Shanghai Triad takes place over the course of seven days in the 1930s. The story begins as a fourteen-year-old boy, Tang Shuisheng  has just arrived in Shanghai from the countryside. He is met at the docks by his uncle, Liu, who has sent for Shuisheng to work as a servant for a Triad Boss , also named Tang and a distant relative. Before he meets his new employers, however, he is taken to a warehouse where two rival groups of Triads carry out an opium deal that goes wrong, leaving one of the rival members dead. Shuisheng is then taken by his uncle to Tang\'s palatial home, where he is assigned to serve Xiao Jinbao ,The English subtitles all refer to Gong Li\'s character by the name "Bijou." a cabaret singer and girlfriend of the Boss. She mocks Shuisheng\'s upbringing and derides him as a "country bumpkin." It is soon learned that Jinbao is also carrying on an affair with the Boss\'s number two man, Song . On the third night, Shuisheng witnesses the aftermath of a bloody gang fight between the Boss and a rival boss, Fat Yu. Among the dead are Shuisheng\'s uncle. In response to this attack, the Boss and a small entourage, including Shuisheng and Jinbao, retreat to a peasants\' island. There, Jinbao befriends Cuihau , an unassuming peasant woman who prepares meals for the visitors, while Shuisheng befriends Ajiao , Cuihau\'s nine-year-old daughter. When Jinbao unwittingly meddles with Cuihua\'s business, it results in the Boss\'s men killing Cuihua\'s lover from a neighboring island. Furious, Jinbao confronts the Boss, who throws her accusations back at her, claiming that had she never meddled, he and his men would have been none the wiser. Jinbao, at this point, reveals to Shuisheng that she, too, came from the countryside. She gives him some silver coins and tells him to start a shop as soon as he is able, away from Shanghai and its depravity. By the seventh day, Song arrives to the island along with Zheng , the Boss\'s number three man. During a mahjong game, the Boss calmly confronts Song with evidence of his treachery. He tells Song that he knew of the younger man\'s affair with Jinbao and of the fact that Song had been working with Fat Yu to supplant him as king of the Shanghai underworld. The gang kills Song\'s men and buries Song alive. The Boss then informs Jinbao that she will have to die as well for her role in Song\'s betrayal. He grants her one last wish in accordance to the "rules," and she asks that he leave Cuihua and Ajiao alone. The Boss goes back on his word and tells her that Cuihua has already been killed for knowing too much, while Ajiao will be taken to Shanghai with him . As Shuisheng attempts to save his mistress from her fate, he is thrown back and beaten. The film then ends with Shuisheng tied to the sails of the ship as it sails back to Shanghai with the boss and Ajiao on board.'] ['Alan Riply , a young cabana boy working at an opulent beach hotel, falls in love with Ella Brice , the wife of business mogul Mark Brice . Ella returns his love, but when Mark finds out he has Alan shot and buried alive. Though badly scarred, Alan survives and works his way to the position of an eminent criminal attorney with underworld connections, under the name of Manuel Esquema. When Brice runs into legal trouble, Esquema is ready to help him for a price, but the man behind the mask, Alan, still yearns for Ella.'] ["The story is narrated by an adult Nino Montanari, who reminisces on his family history... Brooklyn, New York, ca. 1976: Angie resists abandoning baby daughter Patty on a cathedral doorstep and decides to raise her alone in the streets, surviving by their wits. Years later, a teenaged Patty meets and marries kind policeman Dante Montanari, and the couple have two sons: Joey and Nino. Dante eventually dies of cancer, and the hospital bills have now left the surviving family without any money. Patty must now make ends meet. She quickly befriends local funeral director Frank Russo, with whom she has a romantic relationship, and Frank's boss Salvatore “Sal” Palmeri, with whom she has a business relationship. Frank uses his persistent and persuasive charms to reel Patty into his world of organized crime. He offers her a job running a floundering Italian restaurant, which she converts into a successful transvestite nightclub. Sal attends opening night and he is impressed with her business savvy and street smarts. He soon assigns her to serve as his mule; she must drive to Toronto and pick up half-a-million dollars at a shipboard casino. Patty successfully delivers Sal his money, and soon gains his confidence. Later, Patty and Sal's girlfriend June must make the same trip to Canada together. En route, Patty witnesses June repeatedly snorting cocaine. While Patty is making her usual pick-up, the casino is raided by police, but she manages to slip through their fingers and return to the hotel where June impatiently waits. Back in Brooklyn, Frank’s son Mouse has been selling cocaine in the neighborhood. The teenage boy soon shows up at Patty’s doorstep afraid that his father will beat him up again for not 'staying clean'. Shortly thereafter, a newspaper headline reveals that Mouse has been murdered. During Mouse’s funeral, Patty watches from a distance as the procession leaves the wake. FBI agent Robert Wilford approaches Patty for help in bringing down Sal’s criminal empire. Robert asks that Patty wear a wire to record incriminating evidence that will facilitate Palmeri’s arrest. Soon, Patty discovers that June had turned Mouse on to selling her drugs, and that Palmeri had placed a hit on him for selling it on the streets. Patty also finds out that Frank asked his boss for permission to, mercifully, kill his own son. June is now fleeing for her life, but Patty intercepts her at her apartment, and finds out that she, June, and Frank are probably the next on Palmeri's hit list. Eventually, Patty persuades Palmeri to let her go free and to not kill Frank unless he continues threatening her family. Soon thereafter, Palmeri and his men are either arrested or killed, and June’s dead body is discovered . The Montanaris and Angie hop on the next train to Florida, leaving their criminal past behind."] ["George  is s a Montana teen whose sanity is deteriorating due to his parent's marital woes. He links up with Lucy , a runaway headed for Wyoming with a dark background, who is trying to get her brother out of jail. George tries to help her, but finds himself crossing paths with people even more emotionally disturbed than his mother and father."] ["The unnamed Driver  lives in a low-rent apartment building and works as a mechanic in a chop shop owned by Shannon , and as a part-time movie stuntman. He also has a secret job as a getaway driver, organized by Shannon, where his rule is that he never works for the same people twice and only gives the criminals a five-minute window to complete their robbery, after which he will leave them behind. One day, he meets his new neighbor Irene  in the apartment building elevator and later helps her and her young son Benicio  when Irene has car trouble at a local supermarket. Shannon persuades the mobster Bernie Rose  to purchase a stock car for the Driver to race after seeing the Driver's skill. Rose's friend and business partner is Nino, an aging Jewish mobster . Nino once had Shannon's pelvis broken when Shannon overcharged him for a past job, leaving him with a limp. Irene has her car towed to Shannon's garage and the Driver gives her and Benicio a ride home. The Driver begins spending more and more time with Irene and Benicio, and later meets Irene's husband, Standard , when he comes home from prison. Standard owes protection money to an Albanian gangster, Cook , from his time in prison. Cook beats up Standard and threatens to go after Irene and Benicio if Standard does not agree to rob a pawn shop to pay the debt. The Driver agrees to help Standard pay off the debt by driving him to and from the pawn shop. Blanche , Cook's moll, also participates in the heist. While waiting in the parking lot for Standard and Blanche to complete the heist, the Driver sees another car pull into the lot and park. Blanche returns to the car with a large bag. But when Standard leaves the pawn shop, he is shot in the neck by the owner and dies. The Driver flees with Blanche and the money, but the car that pulled into the parking lot minutes earlier gives chase, trying to run them off the road. The Driver eludes the other vehicle and they hide out in a motel room. The Driver discovers that the amount of money is much more than was expected. After the Driver threatens Blanche, she tells him that the chasing car belongs to Cook and that she and Cook planned to double-cross the Driver and Standard, taking the money for themselves. Two of Cook's men attack them in the motel room, killing Blanche and injuring the Driver before he kills them both. The Driver confronts Cook in his strip club and learns that Nino was behind the heist. Nino sends a hitman  to the Driver's apartment building, with whom the Driver and Irene unknowingly ride the elevator. The Driver gives Irene a kiss before killing the hitman by repeatedly stomping on his head, to her horror. Nino explains to Bernie that the money from the pawn shop belonged to the East Coast mafia. Fearing retaliation, Bernie and Nino agree to kill those with knowledge, starting with Cook. Bernie confronts Shannon in his garage and reluctantly kills him with a straight razor. The Driver, wearing a silicone mask disguise, follows Nino to the Pacific Coast Highway in his car and T-Bones Nino's car onto a beach. With Nino wounded and weakened, the Driver drowns him in the Pacific Ocean. The Driver speaks to Bernie on Nino's phone and they arrange to meet at a Chinese restaurant. The Driver makes a final phone call to Irene to tell her he is leaving, and says that meeting her and Benicio was the best thing that has ever happened to him. At the restaurant, Bernie promises only Irene and Benicio's safety, in exchange for the money. In the parking lot, Bernie stabs the Driver in the abdomen as he pulls the money from the trunk of his car. The Driver fatally stabs Bernie, leaving his corpse and the satchel of money behind. That evening, Irene knocks on the Driver's apartment door, with no response. The Driver drives off into the night."] ['Rocky Sullivan  and Jerry Connolly ([[Pat O\'Brien  are childhood friends who robbed a railroad car as kids. Rocky saved Jerry\'s life during the chase by pulling him out of the way of a steam train while running from the guards that saw them. Rocky was then caught by the police, but Jerry - who could run faster - escaped. Rocky, after being sent to reform school, grows up to become a notorious gangster, while Jerry has become a priest. Rocky returns to his old neighborhood, where Jerry is the Parish Priest and intends to keep young boys away from a life of crime. Six of those boys, Soapy , Swing , Bim , Patsy , Crabface , and Hunky , idolize Rocky, and Jerry attempts to keep his former friend from corrupting them. . Meanwhile Rocky gets involved with Frazier , a crooked lawyer, and Keefer ([[George Bancroft , a shady businessman and municipal contractor. They try to dispose of Rocky, but he finds the record book that they keep where they list the bribes to city officials. Jerry learns of these events and warns Rocky to leave before he informs the authorities. Rocky ignores his advice and Jerry gets the public\'s attention and informs them all of the crooked government, causing Frazier and Keefer to plot to kill him. Rocky overhears this plot and kills them to protect his childhood friend. Rocky is then captured following an elaborate shootout in a building, and sentenced to die. Jerry visits him just before his execution and asks him to do him one last favor - to die pretending to be a screaming, sniveling coward, which would end the boys\' idolization of him. Rocky refuses, and insists he will be "tough" to the end, and not give up the one thing he has left, his pride. At the very last moment he appears to change his mind and has to be dragged to the electric chair . The boys hear about what happened and decide he was a coward. Then Father Jerry asks them to say a prayer with him, "for a boy who couldn\'t run as fast as I could".'] ['In a Brooklyn housing project, a group of "clockers" - street-level drug dealers - sell drugs for Rodney Little , a local drug lord. Rodney tells Ronald "Strike" Dunham , one of his lead clockers, that another dealer, Darryl Adams ([[Steve White , is stealing from him and "got to be got", implying that he wants Strike to kill Darryl. Strike then meets with his brother, Victor Dunham  and tries to persuade Victor to kill Darryl Adams. Rocco Klein  and Larry Mazilli , homicide detectives, ride to the scene of Darryl Adams\' murder. Larry and Rocco receive a phone call from another detective who says a man has confessed at a local church that he killed Darryl. The police meet Strike\'s older brother Victor at the church and take him in for questioning. In the interrogation room, Victor tells Rocco that he shot Darryl Adams in self-defense. Rocco finds holes in this story and starts looking into Victor\'s background which includes two jobs, a wife, two children, no criminal record, and aspirations to move out of the projects; Rocco comes to the conclusion that Victor is covering for his younger brother. Rocco pressures Strike but Victor sticks to his story, so Rocco convinces Rodney that Strike has confessed and informed on Rodney\'s drug ring. Rocco arrests Rodney and then humiliates Strike in front of his crew. Strike gets together some money and decides to leave town, but a younger boy who admired Strike shoots Errol, Rodney\'s enforcer, with Strike\'s gun. Rocco lets Strike leave town.'] ['High school student Alice  convinces her lover, Luc , to murder their classmate Saïd , whom she claims raped her. When they dispose of his body in the woods late one night, the couple get lost on their way back to their car and are taken in by a mysterious hermit . However, matters take a bizarre twist when the stranger locks the young lovers in his basement along with the dead body of Saïd and reveals that he plans to eat them. The stranger harnesses Luc and convinces for sex. He finally gives Luc an option to survive with his girlfriend , Luc finally shares bed with stranger and gets away from the forest without killing his rapist. When the couple comes out of forest they find the police near their car and the police comes to know about their murder and the strange hermit also gets arrested. Luc gets arrested as he gets caught into a bear trap, and Alice tries to run away and finally she gets shot by police. In the final sequence the apprehended Luc attempts to stop the police who are beating the forester up but all in vain. He is carried to the city in the police car. That is how the movie ends.'] ['"Here is the All-American Canal. It runs through the desert for miles along the California-Mexico border... Farming in Imperial Valley... [requires] a vast army of farm workers... and this army of farm workers comes from our neighbor to the south, from Mexico. ... It is this problem of human suffering and injustice about which you should know. The following composite case is based upon factual information supplied by the Immigration and Naturalization Service..." The story concerns two agents, one Mexican  and one American, who are tasked to stop the smuggling of Mexican migrant workers across the border to California. The two agents go undercover, one as a poor migrant. Some of the film\'s most memorable include the death of an American by a mechanized harrow and a climactic shootout in a quicksand swamp.'] ['{{expand section}} Mary Dwight Stauber , a nightclub hostess who works for the notorious gangster Johnny Vanning  briefly meets and befriends a young man  who confides in her that he does not have the money to repay the gambling debt he has accrued during the night. He feels that it\'s a game, but Mary warns him that he is in real danger. She is shocked, but not surprised to learn soon after that he has been murdered, by Vanning\'s henchman Charlie Delaney . Questioned by prosecutor David Graham , Mary and the other women refuse to implicate Vanning. They fear his retribution, and while privately detesting him are powerless to free themselves from his influence. Mary\'s younger sister Betty  comes to visit, and unaware of the dangerous situation she has entered, behaves recklessly against the advice of her older sister. When she is killed, Mary agrees to testify against the gangster. Beaten by his thugs, scarred and disfigured, she becomes the "marked woman" of the film\'s title, but rather than silencing her, it strengthens her resolve to testify. Aware that they can only be free of the gangster if they find the strength to stand against him, the other women agree to testify also.'] ['After four years, Chris returns to where he grew up, it seems at first to attend a party, but his real motive is to catch up with his old buddy, Shifty who he left behind. Whilst away, Chris has settled into responsible adult life, with a mortgage and a good job, but he is shocked to discover that Shifty has been dealing cocaine for some time, supplied by the double dealing Glen. Although happy to see him, Shifty has not fully forgiven Chris for leaving in the first place, and it is soon learned that the circumstances under which Chris left are more complicated than they first seemed. They spend the next 24 hours together, with Chris watching Shifty as he deals to a variety of increasingly desperate customers from the community. Over the course of this day they are forced to confront the ghosts from the past that drove Chris away and the desperate and dangerous present that Shifty finds himself in, whilst re-discovering their friendship. Chris is once again given an opportunity to prove his loyalty to Shifty and to try ultimately and save Shifty from himself.'] ['The film tells the story of the life and execution of Barbara Graham  a prostitute and convicted perjurer. Graham is the product of a broken home, and works luring men into fixed card games. At one point, she attempts to go straight but marries the "wrong man," and has a child. He is a drug addict and she ends their relationship. When her life falls apart, she returns to her former professions and becomes involved with men who have murdered a woman. The police arrest them, and her, and her companions accuse her of the murder to reduce their own chances of going to the gas chamber. She claims her innocence, but is convicted and executed.'] [' Christopher "Chris" Cross , a meek, amateur painter and cashier for clothing retailer, J.J. Hogarth & Company, is fêted by his employer, honoring him for twenty-five years of dull, repetitive service. Hogarth presents him with a watch and kind words, then leaves getting into a car with a beautiful young blonde. Walking home in Greenwich Village, Chris muses to an associate, "I wonder what it\'s like to be loved by a young girl." He helps prostitute Kitty , an amoral fast-talking femme fatale, he sees being apparently being attacked by a man, stunning the assailant with his umbrella. Chris is unaware that the attacker was Johnny , Kitty\'s brutish boyfriend, and sees her safely to her apartment building. Out of gratitude and bemusement, she accepts his offer for a cup of coffee at a nearby bar. From Chris\'s comments about art, Kitty believes him to be a wealthy painter, adding, "To think I took you for a cashier."  Soon, Chris becomes enamored of her because his loveless marriage is tormented by his shrewish wife Adele , who idolizes her former husband, a policeman drowned while trying to save a woman. After Chris confesses that he is married, Johnny convinces Kitty to pursue a relationship in order to extort money from Chris. Kitty inveigles him to rent an apartment for her, one that can also be his art studio. To finance an apartment, Chris steals $500 from his employer. Meanwhile, Johnny unsuccessfully tries selling some of Chris\'s paintings, attracting the interest of art critic David Janeway. Kitty is maneuvered by Johnny into pretending that she painted them, charming the critic with Chris\'s own descriptions of his art, and Janeway promises to represent her. Adele sees her husband\'s paintings in the window of a commercial art gallery as the work of "Katherine March" and accuses him of copying her work. Chris confronts Kitty, who claims she sold them because she needed the money. He is so delighted that his paintings are appreciated, albeit only under Kitty\'s signature, that he happily lets her become the public face of his art. She becomes a huge commercial success, although Chris never receives any of the money. Adele\'s supposedly dead first husband, Higgins, suddenly appears at Chris\'s office to extort money from him. He explains he had not drowned, but had stolen money from the purse of the suicide he tried to save. Already suspected as corrupt for taking bribes from speakeasies, he had taken the opportunity to escape his crimes and his wife. Chris embezzles again to pay off Higgins, but reasons that his marriage will be invalidated if he confronts his wife with her still-living first husband. He contrives a meeting and believes he can then marry Kitty. However he finds her in Johnny\'s arms. He later confronts Kitty, but still asks her to marry him; she taunts him in reply. Enraged with humiliation, he murders Kitty with an ice-pick. Higgins, under arrest, reveals the embezzlement to police and Chris is fired from his job. Johnny is accused, convicted, and put to death for Kitty\'s murder, despite his attempts to implicate Chris. At the trial, all of their deceptions work against Johnny and Chris denies painting any of the pictures. Chris goes unpunished but Kitty is posthumously recognized as a great artist. Haunted by the murder, Chris attempts to hang himself. Although rescued, he is impoverished with no way of claiming credit for his own paintings and tormented by thoughts of Kitty and Johnny being together for eternity loving each other.'] [': In 1901 Corleone, Sicily, nine-year-old Vito Andolini’s family is killed after his father insults local Mafia chieftain Don Ciccio. He escapes to New York and is registered as "Vito Corleone" on Ellis Island. On the occasion of the 1958 first communion party for his son, Michael Corleone has a series of meetings in his role as the Don of his crime family. With Nevada Senator Pat Geary, he discusses the terms of a fourth state gaming license for the Corleones, but the two only trade insults and demand payoffs. Johnny Ola arrives to express support for Michael on behalf of Florida gangster Hyman Roth. At the same time, the Don struggles to manage his depressed sister Connie and older brother Fredo. Corleone caporegime Frank Pentangeli is very unhappy that his boss will not help him defend New York against the Rosato brothers, who work for the Jewish Roth. That night, Michael survives an assassination attempt at his home and puts consigliere Tom Hagen in charge, reassuring him of their fraternal bond. : In 1917, Vito Corleone  lives in a tenement with his wife Carmela and son Sonny, and works in a New York grocery store owned by the father of a close friend. A member of the Black Hand, Don Fanucci, who extorts protection payments from local businesses, forces the store owner to fire Vito and give his job to Fanucci\'s nephew. As a favor to his neighbor, Peter Clemenza, Vito hides a stash of guns; in return, he is invited to the burglary of a rich apartment. His share of the loot is a plush rug, which he lays in his own living room. In Miami, Michael tells Roth that Pentangeli was behind the assassination attempt; he then tells Pentangeli that Roth ordered it and asks him to cooperate. Pentangeli meets the Rosatos but their men garrote him, saying they act on Michael\'s orders. Geary finds himself in Fredo\'s brothel with a dead prostitute and no memory of how he got there; he accepts Tom\'s offer of "friendship" to cover up the incident. After witnessing a rebel suicide bombing in Havana, Cuba, Michael becomes convinced of the rebels\' resolve to overthrow the dictator Fulgencio Batista. Fredo brings Michael the money for a deal with Roth, but instead of turning it over to Roth, Michael asks who put out the hit on Pentangeli. Roth is reminded of his late friend Moe Greene{{spaced ndash}}dead in a spate of Corleone killing{{spaced ndash}}saying, "This is the business we\'ve chosen. I didn\'t ask who gave the order because it had nothing to do with business!" At a New Year\'s Eve party, Fredo lets slip that he knew Johnny Ola despite his previous denial. Dismayed, Michael embraces his brother, revealing that he knows he was behind the plot on his life, and a frightened Fredo flees in the chaos. Michael\'s bodyguard strangles Ola but is killed by police before he can finish off the ailing Roth. Back home, Hagen informs Michael that Roth is recovering in Miami and that Kay\'s pregnancy has miscarried. : Three years later, Vito has two more boys . He and his partners  face extortion by Don Fanucci, who demands they let him "wet his beak" from their recent burglary or he will have the police ruin Vito\'s family. Vito persuades his partners to pay Fanucci less than he asks and promises he will "make him an offer he don\'t refuse" as a favor to them. During a neighborhood festa, Vito meets with Fanucci and earns his respect. He then follows Fanucci, surprises him in his apartment foyer, shoots and kills him, takes back his partners\' money and escapes.  In Washington, D.C., a Senate committee investigating the Corleone family cannot find evidence to implicate Michael until a surprise witness is called. Pentangeli, ensconced in FBI witness protection and ready to avenge the attempt on his life, is prepared to confirm accusations against Michael until his Sicilian brother attends the hearing at the Don\'s side; Pentangeli denies his sworn statements and the hearing dissolves in an uproar. : Vito has become a respected figure in his New York community. He confronts a landlord who doesn\'t know him, offering extra money to let a widow keep her apartment. The landlord says he has already leased it and becomes angry when Vito demands that he allow her to keep her dog. Later the landlord learns that he may have offended the wrong person. Terrified, he returns to assure Vito that the widow can stay, along with her dog, at a reduced rent.  Michael and Hagen observe that Roth\'s strategy to destroy Michael is well planned. Fredo has been found and persuaded to return to Nevada, and in a private meeting he explains his betrayal to Michael; he was upset about being passed over to head the family, and helped Roth, thinking there would be something in it for him. He swears he was unaware of their plan to kill Michael. He tells Michael that the Senate Committee\'s chief counsel is on Roth\'s payroll. Michael disowns Fredo and instructs Al Neri that " nothing is to happen to him while my mother\'s alive." Afterwards, Michael violently prevents Kay from leaving with their children; she retaliates with the revelation that her miscarriage was actually an abortion. :In 1923, Vito, together with his young family, visits Sicily for the first time since leaving for America. He is introduced to the elderly Don Ciccio by Don Tommasino as the man who imports their olive oil to America, and who wants his blessing. When Ciccio asks Vito who his father was, Vito says, "My father\'s name was Antonio Andolini, and this is for you!" He then plunges a large knife into the old man\'s stomach and carves it open. As they flee, Tommasino is shot, confining him to a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Michael\'s mother dies. At the funeral, a reformed Connie implores Michael to forgive Fredo. Michael relents and embraces Fredo, but glances at Neri. Roth is refused asylum and even entry to Israel. Over Hagen\'s dissent, Michael plans his revenge. Hagen visits Pentangeli and offers to spare his family, reminding him that failed plotters against the Roman Emperor took their own lives. Connie helps Kay visit her children, but Michael closes the door on any forgiveness. As he arrives in Miami to be taken into custody, Hyman Roth is shot in the stomach and killed by Lampone, who is immediately shot dead by FBI agents. Frank Pentangeli is dead in his bathtub with slit wrists. Neri shoots Fredo while they are fishing on Lake Tahoe. : The Corleone family gathers to surprise Vito for his fiftieth birthday. Sonny introduces Carlo Rizzi to Connie. Tessio comes in with the cake, and they discuss the attack on Pearl Harbor earlier in the month. Michael announces he has left college to enlist in the Marines,United States World War II leaving Sonny furious, Tom incredulous, and Fredo supportive. Vito is heard at the door and all but Michael leave the room to greet him. Michael sits alone by the lake at the family compound.'] ['This movie was inspired by a true story, following the life of a thug being released from prison after an 8 year prison sentence. In the beginning of the movie "G," who is played by The Game, leaves prison determined to not be locked up again. It doesn\'t take long for the streets to pull G in again, and he meets a lady named Alexis . However, both are hiding their secret lives (G being a hustler, Alexis being an undercover cop, who discusses 150 kilos of cocaine that G and Tone stole, which belonged to drug lord Tito Costa. Coleman kidnaps Alexis and takes her to Costa. Coleman calls G to let him know his girlfriend has been kidnapped. G then gathers up his men and heads to Costa\'s garage, where a gun battle ensues. After the fight is over, all of G\'s and Tito\'s men are dead. G shoots Coleman and Tito, and then finds out that Alexis is an undercover cop. He then kills her, unable to forgive her betrayal.'] ["Crystal Shackelford  lures two strangers, solicitor Jerome K. Arbutny  and charming and erudite drunkard Johnny West  to her London flat on Chinese New Year in 1938 because of her belief that if three strangers make the same wish to an idol of Kwan Yin, Chinese goddess of fortune and destiny, the wish will be granted. Since money will make their dreams come true, the three go in on a sweepstakes ticket for the Grand National horse race together and agree that they will not sell the ticket if it is chosen, but will hold onto it until the race is run. Shackelford would use the money to try to win her estranged husband back, Arbutny to smooth the way for his selection to the prestigious Barrister's Club, and Johnny to buy a bar and live in it. The stories of the three strangers are revealed. Shackelford's husband David  moved to Canada and fell in love with Janet Elliot . He returns, just after Johnny and Arbutny take their leave of Crystal, and demands a divorce, but she refuses. She sees to it that he loses a promotion. She also lies to Janet, telling her that David still loves her and that she is pregnant. The trusting woman believes her and returns to Canada. With the help of an adoring Icey Crane , Johnny has been hiding out after his drunken participation in a botched robbery that resulted in the death of a policeman. Icey commits perjury in order to provide an alibi for the murderer and ringleader, Bertram Fallon . When a second witness is discredited, Fallon confesses to the robbery but blames the murder on West and the third man involved, Gabby . Johnny is caught and sentenced to death, but Gabby finds Fallon on his way to prison and stabs him. On his deathbed, Fallon clears Johnny. Arbutny has been speculating in stocks with money from the trust fund of Lady Rhea Belladon , an eccentric widow who believe she can talk with her dead husband. When the stock falls and his margin is called, a desperate Arbutny proposes to Lady Belladon. After consulting with her dead husband, she turns him down. Worse, she says that Lord Belladon wants to have the books checked. Arbutny is about to shoot himself when he sees in a newspaper that the sweepstakes ticket has drawn the favorite in the Grand National. The three strangers converge on Crystal's flat. Arbutny wants to sell his share of the ticket immediately so he can replace the funds he stole before his crime can be uncovered. Johnny is willing, but Shackelford is adamant that they stick to their original agreement. Arbutny becomes enraged and kills her with her statue of Kwan Yin. He then panics and runs out into the middle of the busy street, where he is struck down by a car, but not fatally. When the police arrive, he confesses the murder to them. Ironically, their horse wins. However, Johnny realizes that the winning ticket has to be destroyed because their signatures are on it; the money would be seen as a motive for murder. They leave, but the guilt-ridden Arbutny confesses in public what he has done. Johnny returns to the pub, where Icey finds him. Content with her, he sets the ticket on fire."] ['The story begins in the 1960s with three inmates in a New York prison &mdash; Earl , Rocco , and Carlito  &mdash; controlling their criminal empire within their cell. Upon their release, they all look to control the drug trade in Harlem, which is currently in a power dispute between the Italian Bottolota crime family and black gangsters led by Hollywood Nicky . Rocco takes them to Artie Bottolota  who at first is reluctant to work with blacks and Puerto Ricans, but who eventually cuts a deal with them in heroin distribution. The friends also meet Artie\'s son, Artie Jr. Soon, Earl\'s troubled younger brother Reggie joins them. After Artie Jr. offers to shake hands with Reggie, when he sees he and Carlito at a strip joint, Reggie turns him down, saying "my brother was doing fine without you". Artie Jr. insults Reggie with a racial slur, spurring Reggie to curse him and spit in his face. Artie Jr. assaults Reggie, but the fight is broken up. Carlito urges Reggie to wait until Artie Jr. and his crew leave. The mobsters leave, only for Carlito and Reggie to be cornered by them outside. Artie Jr. attempts to kill Reggie with a straight razor by cutting his tongue out, while Carlito is restrained. Rocco pulls up and tells Artie Jr. to let him go, reasoning they will "take care of him." Carlito also meets a young lady named Leticia and meets her brother Sigfredo. Carlito is then introduced to Leticia\'s entire family as a booker. Sigfredo knowing who and what Carlito really is and does, which leads to an immediate confrontation. After shooting Carlito with a .38 Special Colt Detective Special revolver, Sigfredo then has to leave and take his family as well to prevent himself any danger. Reggie, after being abandoned by Carlito, who Earl asked to take care of, attacks and kidnaps Artie Jr. outside of his house, with the help of two other thugs. After Reggie gets the ransom, he leaves Artie Jr. in the trunk of a car to die, but he is released by police and returns to his family. The Bottolotta Family blames Carlito, Rocco, and Earl, who left with his girlfriend to get married, for assisting Reggie in the kidnapping. Artie Sr. puts out a contract on Carlito, Rocco and Earl until Reggie and his men are dead. The hitman contracted to kill them, Nacho Reyes , and Hollywood Nicky\'s driver help them find the two hoodlums who were with Reggie. Nacho tortures the two men to death and they give their dismembered body parts to Artie Sr. Carlito and Nacho find Reggie in an apartment, along with Earl who flew back to New York due to the situation. The four men draw guns, Nacho holding two .357 Magnum Colt Python revolvers & Carlito holding a .38 Special Smith & Wesson Model 64 revolver and Reggie threatens Carlito, preparing to fire on him. Earl chooses Carlito over Reggie, and murders his brother, sobbing over his body afterwards. Nacho leaves and Carlito, Earl and Rocco work for the Bottolotta Family, dealing heroin. The Bottolottas have them deal heroin for them, and then dismiss the three. Carlito and Earl pay off the N.Y.P.D., the team led by the most corrupt, feared cops in Harlem to raid and kill the entire Bottolotta Family. Carlito, Rocco and Earl fly to the islands with Earl for his wedding. Earl retires, and Carlito reunites with Leticia, retiring temporarily.'] ["Louis Pinnock  is a struggling urban factory worker. In this alternative reality, it is a large underclass of white Americans who live in rundown, crime-infested ghettos and face prejudice from the broader society, while the comfortable middle and upper class is predominantly black. In an effort to go above and beyond in his position , in the candy factory in which he works, Pinnock delivers a package for his boss, to successful  Thaddeus Thomas . After Pinnock accidentally sees Thomas's wife coming out of the shower, he is subsequently fired, beaten up by the police and forced to watch his family evicted. In a radical quest for justice, Pinnock kidnaps Thomas, which forces the two men to bond, as well as argue over race relations and the roots of social inequality."] ['Dale "Mac" McKussic  is a former drug dealer trying to go straight. His close friend Nick Frescia  is a Los Angeles County detective lieutenant who, in spite of their friendship, is duty-bound to bring Mac to justice if he is selling drugs again, as DEA Agent Hal Maguire  believes to be the case. Mac is attracted to stylish restaurant owner Jo Ann Vallenari . Nick becomes acquainted with Jo Ann while attempting to learn more about Mac\'s activities, in particular his relationship with the Mexican drug kingpin Carlos, whom the DEA agents and Mexican police official Escalante  believe is coming to town. Jo Ann succumbs to Nick\'s charms and a love affair begins. Nick\'s friendship with Mac is endangered as Maguire and his associates set a trap for Mac and the mysterious Carlos, whose face none of them except Mac has seen. In time, Jo Ann realizes that Nick has been using her and that Mac is the one who wants her. She soon falls in love with Mac, only to have Carlos place both their lives in grave danger.'] ['Thomas, a trouble thirteen-year-old boy, picking flowers in a cemetery, is surprised by Martin, an escaped convict who demands that the boy brings him some money for a train fare later that day. The boy does not know where to get money; the criminal, tells him to ask his parents. "My parents are dead," the boy says. In fact, his parents, Maurice and Lili, are alive. They are separated by they both live near the boy\'s grandparent\'s house. Thomas, disaffected by his parents divorce, goes to a boarding catholic school but is spending the weekend with his family and is going to have first communion. His grandmother is arranging to celebrate that special day and hopes her daughter and son in law would reconcile. The boy tries to get the money for the convict stealing from Lili, his mother, but then sees her sad and, in a moment of love, gives it back to her, admitting what he\'s done. He goes through a series of increasingly desperate attempts to get money and eventually scrounges some out of his grumpy grandfather, who just wants to go fishing. When the boy returns to give Martin the money, the convict\'s accomplice, Luc, decides that the boy is too much of a liability and tries to kill him. Martin saves Thomas\'s life killing his accomplice. Lili Ravenel, who is emotionally close and distant by turns to her son, is worried about Thomas. He is not doing well at school, according to the school\'s chaplain who comes to complaint about the boy\'s behavior. Lili, trapped in a humdrum existence, runs a nightclub that is situated on a river just at the water\'s edge. Pushed by her mother, she had married Maurice against her better judgment and now needs to escape the stifling effects of her union with him, but he continues to want her. Maurice threatens to remove the care and custody of her son from her. Lili has to perform her marital duties even after the divorce - while Maurice screens old home-movies of their domestic happiness long past and gone. After killing Luc, Martin arrives to have a drink at a bar by a river. That is where Lili works. He has no money and at the end of the night, fascinated by the young man, she arranges for the fugitive to take a room at a local hotel. When she arrives home, her son tells her the story in the cemetery, as it was a dream he had, but she realizes that it actually happened and the convict is the man she just left in the hotel. The celebration in honor of the Holy Communion goes on with little family harmony after Thomas wishes that an atomic bomb would destroy his school. The grandmother tries to keep the family together. Alice, the convicts\' shared girlfriend comes, gun in hand to help them escape to Tangier. They have been inseparable for years. Martin tells her that he was forced to kill Luc. Lili\'s suspicions are confirmed when she witnesses the efforts of Martin and Alice to hide the corpse on a graveyard. Martin lets her go and leaves the town with Alice. He changed his mind shortly after and returns to the village alone and goes to the bar in search of Lili. They are smitten by each other and by night, she takes the bold decision to run away with him without a hint of regret or lingering doubt. Before escaping with the convict Lili tells her mother what she plans to do, but does not change her mind in spite of her mother protestations. The boy\'s teacher and confessor confronts him with the published news of the two escapees and pressures him to tell the truth to the authorities. That same stormy night, Thomas escapes from the boarding school to see his mother, but when he arrives to her house he discovers Lili and Martin making love. Thomas runs and when Martin goes after him, Alice who has also come, shots Martin. Shortly after, Alice kills herself smashing her sport car against a wall. The next morning Lili goes to see Thomas who is staying with his father, but Maurice only allows her to see him without revealing that she is there. Later, at the police station Lili tells the truth and incriminates herself. She leaves the village detained in a police van. Thomas is riding his bike.'] ['The picture tells of Roy "Mad Dog" Earle , an aging bank robber who intends to pull off one last heist before retiring. Sprung from prison by crime boss Big Mac , Earle agrees to plan the robbery of a resort hotel. His partners include the hotheaded Babe , Red , and Louis Mendoza , as the "inside man." Along for the ride is Marie , a dance-hall girl whom Babe recently met. Marie falls in love with Earle, but he is more interested in Velma , the club-footed daughter of a farmer  whom Earle had earlier befriended. Intending to use his share of the loot to pay for Velma\'s needed operation, Earle goes through with the robbery, only to be thwarted by the ineptitude of his gang, the treachery of the late Big Mac\'s successors, and the fickle Velma. With the still faithful Marie by his side, Earle makes a desperate escape into the High Sierras, but noir fate is against him.'] ["A married cartoonist named C.C. Drood becomes involved in the cover up of a political sex scandal after his lover, Yolanda, a call girl, is found murdered. Drood has betrayed his wife Helen with the exotic Yolanda, who takes him to a club where the patrons slam dance, violently crashing into one another on the dance floor. Bobby Nye, a former lesbian lover of Yolanda's, hires a hit man named Buddy to do away with Drood, who is also hotly pursued by the police. Drood ultimately comes to believe that Bobby and Buddy are the ones responsible for Yolanda's death. A corrupt cop, Gilbert, is doing everything in his power to pin the whole thing on Drood, but a police colleague, Smiley, intervenes on the wanted man's behalf. Buddy is eventually overcome with guilt in his role in the killing of Yolanda, so he spares Drood's life and takes his own. To escape with his wife and his life, Drood tries to make Nye and the cops believe that Buddy's body is actually his."] ['The story centers on a train engineer Jacques Lantier  who lusts after Séverine Roubaud , the wife of his co-worker Roubaud . Roubaud discovers that his young wife, Séverine, has been seduced by her godfather, the wealthy Grandmorin. Jealous, Roubaud forces Séverine to assist in the murder of Grandmorin during a train journey. The murder is witnessed by a railway worker, Jacques Lantier, but he keeps quiet because he is in love with Séverine. Disgusted by what her husband has done, Séverine has an affair with Lantier and pleads with him to kill her cruel husband. Little does she know that Lantier also has a dark secret.'] ["The film concerns events one Sunday  in Bethnal Green, a part of the East End of London that is still suffering the effects of bombing and post-war deprivation. Rose Sandigate  is a former barmaid married to a middle-aged man ([[Edward Chapman  who has two teenage daughters from a previous marriage. She is a bossy, strident Bethnal Green housewife, coping with the difficulties of rationing, near-slum housing and a drab, joyless environment. A former lover ([[John McCallum , who was jailed years earlier for robbery with violence, escapes from prison and turns up at her door asking her to hide him until the heat is off. Rose initially refuses outright but, clearly still in love with him, her normal toughness dissolves and he persuades her to let him hide in the family's disused air raid shelter and then in a bedroom upstairs. However, it proves extremely difficult to keep the presence of the surprise guest a secret in such a busy, bustling household — particularly with her former lover intent on seducing her. It is Sunday morning and the lunch must be cooked, the girls admonished for their misdemeanours of the previous night and the husband packed off to the pub out of the way. The strain is intolerable and as the day progresses, the police net closes, after a nosey newspaper reporter guesses where the man is hiding. By nightfall her secret is out and a panic-stricken Rose tries to kill herself, while the prisoner once again flees, only to be cornered in railway sidings and arrested by the detective inspector ([[Jack Warner  who has been patiently tracking him.BritMovie accessed 5 May 2007"] ['The film starts by showing us the novelist Richard Harland  who has been released and is traveling home after two years in prison. In a flashback  we see how Richard meets beautiful socialite Ellen Berent  on a train. Ellen falls in love with him, mainly because he so closely resembles her recently deceased father, to whom she was obsessively attached. Ellen is already engaged to another man , but she jilts him and rapidly marries Richard, who at first is fascinated not only with Ellen\'s beauty, but with her exotic and intense manner. It gradually becomes apparent however that Ellen is pathologically jealous towards any other person and any other activity that her husband cares about. Two tragedies strike Richard: the "accidental" drowning death of his younger disabled brother, whom he dearly loved, and the "accidental" death of Richard\'s unborn son when Ellen "trips" and falls down a flight of stairs. The husband starts to suspect that his wife is directly responsible for these two deaths. When Ellen confesses to him what she did and why she did it, he leaves her. She then decides to kill herself with poison, making sure that in doing so she frames , her adoptive sister Ruth , a sweet and wholesome woman of whom Richard is very fond. Ellen\'s ex-fiance is the prosecutor for Ruth\'s trial. The trial is going very badly for Ruth, who under pressure has admitted that she does in fact love Richard, a fact she had previously kept hidden. Then Richard testifies about Ellen\'s insane jealousy and her confessions to him. Ruth is acquitted, and Richard is sentenced to 2 years in prison for his part in the two murders . The flashback ends, and Richard is seen being welcomed home with a loving embrace from Ruth.'] ['Josh  is a high school guy who lives with adoptive parents and is involved in little crimes with his friends, including young lesbian Bella . Suddenly his elder brother Walter  comes out of the blue after leaving home 10 years ago when he was 18 and not being heard of all those years. Walter starts to involve Josh in various new criminal activities, including robbery.'] ["After the prosecution rests its case in the murder trial of Larry Ballentine , the defense attorney puts his client on the stand to tell his story. Larry had married Greta  for her money. In flashback, he recounts how he started seeing Janice Bell  behind his wife's back, innocently enough in secluded New York City bars, but feelings had grown between them. Unwilling to break up a marriage, Janice gets a job transfer, but Larry lies, saying that he and Greta have grown apart and that he will leave her. However, when Rita learns by chance that Janice is moving to Montreal, and that Larry is going on a business trip there, she figures it out. Greta is too deeply in love to give Larry up on her own, so she leaves the decision up to him, telling him that she has bought him an isolated ranch and a partnership in brokerage firm in Los Angeles. The temptation is too great for him. At the brokerage, Larry is reprimanded by his business partner, Trenton , for neglecting a rich client. Employee Verna Carlson  protects him by producing a copy of a letter supposedly mailed by Larry to the client the day before, but actually written by her and sent special delivery that day. Larry resists becoming romantically entangled again, but she soon has him taking her to remote bars and restaurants. She brazenly admits she is a gold digger . It becomes so serious that Larry decides to clean out his joint checking account and run away with her. He writes a check for $25,000 for Verna to cash, and leaves a note for his wife advising her to get a divorce. At the rendezvous, Verna produces the uncashed check, showing that she genuinely loves him, not the money. Larry tears it up. As they drive to Reno that night, however, an oncoming truck blows a tire and swerves into their path. Verna is killed and Larry seriously injured. The police mistakenly identify her unrecognizable body as that of Greta, giving Larry an idea. Once he recovers, he returns to the ranch, planning to kill Greta and inherit her money. He finds his note at the top of a cliff and her lifeless body below in her favorite spot. He dumps the corpse in the nearby river. Depressed by all that has happened, Larry takes a tour of South America and the Caribbean to try to cheer himself up, with little luck. In Jamaica, however, he runs into Janice. He persuades her to reconcile, and they return to Los Angeles together. Later, by accident, he sees Trenton go into her apartment. He eavesdrops through the open window and discovers that Janice has not forgiven him. She is working with Trenton, who has become concerned about Verna's disappearance. When Trenton has enough information, he calls in the police. Lieutenant Carr obtains a search warrant for the ranch. They eventually find Greta's body in the river, but assume that it is Verna. Local storekeeper Thomason  is a witness to Larry and Verna driving away together, the last time she was seen. The police theorize that Larry killed her because she was blackmailing him over their affair. While the jury deliberates, Larry receives a visit from Janice, whose love for him has revived. He informs her that listening to his own story has made him realize that he has destroyed four lives, and that he has passed judgment on himself. Back in court, just before the jury's verdict is delivered, Larry rushes to the window; a fatal shot saves him the trouble of committing suicide. The judge instructs that the verdict be read out anyway to make things official: not guilty."] ['Gangster Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel , who works for the New York mob, goes to California and instantly falls in love with Virginia Hill , a Hollywood starlet. The two meet for the first time, when Ben visits his friend, the actor George Raft, on a movie-studio set. He buys a house in Beverly Hills from opera singer Lawrence Tibbett, planning to stay while his wife and two daughters remain in the New York suburb of Scarsdale. As a representative for his associates Meyer Lansky and Charlie Luciano, Siegel is in California to muscle control of betting parlors away from Los Angeles gangster Jack Dragna. Mickey Cohen robs Dragna\'s office one day, and is confronted by Siegel. Dragna claimed losses of $56,000; Cohen admits to robbing $42,000. Siegel theorizes he should be in business with the guy that did the robbery, not the guy that got robbed. Mickey Cohen is put in charge of the betting casinos; Jack Dragna is forced to admit to a raging Ben, that Jack stole $14,000 from the New York Associates, and is told he now answers to Cohen. A humiliated and degraded Jack Dragna leaves the house. "Everybody needs a fresh start," says Ben, to the departing Dragna. A suddenly quiet Ben Siegel returns to the dinner table to eat his cold scampi. After having had an earlier argument about Virginia\'s sexual trysts with drummer Gene Krupa, and a variety of bull fighters, Virginia makes a romantic move on Ben, in the dining room. On a trip to Nevada to visit a dive gambling joint, Siegel comes up with the idea for a casino in the desert. He acquires funding from head mobster Meyer Lansky  and other New York mobsters who approve the deal for $1 million. The funds are approved when the associates make an unannounced visit to Siegel at his Scarsdale, New York Home. Ben is caught in the middle of preparations for his daughter Milllicent\'s birthday celebration. His wife, Esta, is full of marital frustration; Daughter Millicent feels abandoned on her birthday; Associate Meyer Lansky is conflicted between wanting to fund Ben\'s Casino-Hotel and worrying about Ben\'s obsession with wanting to kill Mussolini. Bugsy puts Virginia in charge of accounting and begins construction of the Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada, but has no sense of control and the budget soon rises to $6 million. Bugsy tries everything to ensure it gets made, even selling his share of the casino and most of his belongings. Bugsy returns to the East Coast for the party for Charlie\'s trip to Italy. Charlie says "Congratulations Ben. Virginia will make a great wife. But I hope you know what you\'re doing." Bugsy pummels Joey A. at the party, for a previous insult made regarding Virginia. Bugsy is visited in Los Angeles by former associate Harry Greenberg. Harry has ratted out his old associates to save himself. Harry has also run out of money, from a combination of his gambling habits, and being extorted by the prosecutors who want his testimony. Ben is Harry\'s last and only friend. We don\'t see Ben kill Harry, but there is a gunshot, while Virginia waits in the car. Ben and Esta are out to dinner in a restaurant with their two daughters. Ben suggests that maybe the anticipated move to California is not such a good idea. Esta and Ben have a confrontation in the women\'s restroom, away from earshot of the children. "You want a divorce! Say it!! You want a divorce!" Esta screams in Ben\'s face, slapping him several times. Ben has a guilty look on his face, as he watches their cab drive away from the restaurant. Bugsy is arrested for Harry Greenberg\'s murder. But incarceration is short. The only witness is a cab-driver who dropped off Harry in front of Ben\'s Beverly Hills house. The cab driver is escorted to the train station by Mickey Cohen. Meyer is waiting for Ben outside the jail. Meyer has a satchel of money that he gives to Ben. "Charlie doesn\'t have to know about it," he tells Ben. But he also tells Ben, "I can\'t protect you anymore." Upset about the costs, the fact that the casino is a failure, and that $2 million of the budget is unaccounted for, Meyer Lansky asks Bugsy to meet him in Los Angeles. Bugsy discovers that Virginia stole the money but tells her to "keep it and save it for a rainy day" rather than return it. He then calls Lansky and tells him never to sell his share of the casino and that he\'ll live to thank him someday. While in his home back in L.A. later that night, Bugsy is killed by several gunshots. Virginia is told the news back in Las Vegas and becomes upset, rushing out of the casino. The final text before the credits states that she returned the missing money a week later and committed suicide at some point after that. It also states that by 1991 the $6 million invested in Bugsy\'s dream of Las Vegas had generated revenues of over $100 billion.'] ['Stagecoach robber Bill Miner  is caught and sent to prison for 33 years. He is finally released in 1901. He wanders around, a man out of place in the new century, until he sees one of the first movies, The Great Train Robbery, and is inspired to copy it in real life. After several unsuccessful attempts, he achieves his goal and hides out in a mining town in British Columbia, becoming a respectable resident. There, he meets and falls in love with early feminist and photographer Katherine Flynn . He considers settling down with her, but one last robbery proves to be his downfall.'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Brenda  wandering through the projects at night. She eventually comes to a hospital, goes into the emergency room and reveals her hands, which are cut and covered in blood. The film cuts to Lorenzo , a policeman, and his partner, who are trying to pick up a criminal on a warrant from the next town. He gets a call about seeing Brenda, is instructed to take a report on her stolen car, and heads for the hospital. Brenda is in shock, but after a few minutes, she reveals to Lorenzo that her four year-old son, Cody, was in the back seat of her car when it was stolen. Lorenzo reacts to this with an asthma attack, and one of the hospital\'s doctors gives him a shot of adrenaline. It is also revealed that Brenda\'s brother is a policeman in the next, predominantly white, town. The police begin to search for Brenda\'s son. Her brother overreacts and calls every police car to seal up the projects and look for clues. Tensions grow as the local media cover the story extensively. Lorenzo takes Brenda home, but he suspects that there’s something she’s not telling him. After dropping her off at her place, he starts to drive home and realizes he’s being followed. He pulls over and discovers it’s a volunteer group that helps look for missing children. He declines their help and goes home. The next day, Lorenzo visits his incarcerated son, then checks up on Brenda, who has helped a sketch artist draw a rendering of the man who took her car. There’s still no sign of Cody, and tensions are rising around the projects. Lorenzo again asks Brenda what really happened to Cody and she pleads with him to believe her, that Cody is her life and she would never hurt him. She goes by the daycare center where she works and the children try to cheer her up. As she’s leaving, a mother tells Brenda to stay away from her child. The white town’s cops show up at the projects and arrest a man. They beat him, drag him back to the precinct and hold up the drawing of the wanted man, whom he resembles. They start to question him when Lorenzo and Brenda’s brother show up. Brenda\'s brother goes into a rage and beats the man, and other officers have to drag them apart. Lorenzo leaves in horror and runs into his partner outside. Realizing that the case will be turned over to federal investigators, Lorenzo asks his partner to stall them for one more day. Lorenzo calls in the volunteer group and suggests they search Freedomland. It’s the site of an old foundlings’ home - abandoned for years - and the only place in the area where a small child could wander or hide for some time. They also feel that taking Brenda there will get the truth out of her via the psychological impact of the place. The searchers gather and Lorenzo learns that their leader lost her son about ten years before. As they search, she talks to Brenda. The leader tells Brenda how she wishes she knew where her son was, how she knows who did it, but can’t prove it. She runs through what she would like to say to the man to get him to tell her if her son was dead and where his body was placed. Gradually, she shifts the context of the sentence to asking Brenda if her son was dead. Brenda begins to cry and the search leader motions to Lorenzo, knowing that she killed Cody. Brenda reveals that Freedomland is the wrong place to look. She leads them to another park, in which they find a shallow grave covered with heavy rocks, where Cody is buried. Lorenzo calls in the forensic team, ordering an exhumation. He also realizes Brenda couldn\'t have moved such heavy rocks. Lorenzo takes her back to the police department and they talk. Brenda then confesses she was having an affair with Billy, a man from the projects. She would feed Cody cough syrup, to get him to sleep, so she could have sex with Billy without interruption. On the night Billy ended the relationship, Cody wouldn\'t fall asleep and Brenda and Billy fought. Brenda walked out to see him, despite her son\'s warnings that she would be sorry. When she returned, she found Cody dead under the table. He\'d overdosed on the cough syrup. When Brenda realized what happened, she lost it, not knowing what to do. She drove out to the woods and dug his grave with her bare hands. Then she called her ex-lover and asked him to help. He carried Cody out there, buried him, and put the rocks over the grave - both as a tribute and to keep animals away. Lorenzo signs an arrest warrant and both Brenda and Billy are taken away. That night, the police make their presence known in the projects due to the tensions over the arrest of another black man. Tensions are even higher, and Lorenzo implores both sides to calm down and step back before things go too far. However, several tenants do not. Among them is a young man Lorenzo has been trying to keep out of trouble, who throws the first punch at a police officer saying "Y\'all have a good night". The situation erupts into a full-scale riot. Fires are set, people beaten, cops jumped and arrests made everywhere. Lorenzo attempts to break up fights but ends up getting struck by a billy club when pulling a tenant off of a fellow cop. The next day, Brenda is charged with criminal negligence in court and sits in prison awaiting trial. Lorenzo visits Brenda in prison and tells her to channel her grief into something positive - helping other prisoners. Brenda says she loves Lorenzo for his heart, and thanks him,then kisses him. He promises he\'ll visit her. Then he visits his son and breaks down into tears. Later on, Lorenzo and his partner go to a memorial for Kent, the search mother\'s dead son, and Cody. Lorenzo reads a eulogy about life, and thanks his partner for bringing him there, as they walk away.'] ['The story is set in a poor neighborhood in Warsaw and concerns a pickpocket and a photographer. A more substantial plot summary is available in the Polish Wikipedia and needs to be translated to English to include here.'] ["Brothers Dova  and Milo  are small-time crooks suddenly in way over their heads. When a holdup goes terribly wrong, the robbers flee to a local bar, desperately taking everyone inside hostage. With nowhere to run and time running out, it's a deadly situation where every second counts."] ["After taking a ferry to England and beginning a hopeless search to find the lawnmower factory in Birmingham where she believes Johnny now works, Felicia encounters an older man, Joseph Hilditch , a catering manager at a factory, who is also the son of Gala , an eccentric TV chef who enjoyed fame in past decades. Hilditch regularly watches the old programmes of his presumably-deceased mother while he cooks her recipes, and collects material about his mother. Hilditch offers to help Felicia, however, his motives for doing so are initially unclear, and it is subsequently suggested through flashback sequences that he has in the past befriended but then turned on vulnerable young women. He refers Felicia to a Bed and Breakfast and offers to drive her to a factory that he suggests could be the one she is looking for, which is on the way to the hospital where the unmarried Hilditch claims he is going to visit his wife. Felicia fails to find Johnny at the factory, but while she is out of the car, Hilditch goes through her bags and steals her money. Subsequently Felicia comes across a Jamaican Christian witnessee who offers Felicia a free overnight stay at a church home. While staying at the hostel, Felicia discovers that her money has gone, and after appearing to accuse others at the home of stealing the money, flees the hostel for Hilditch's house. Hilditch has meanwhile discovered Johnny's whereabouts, in the barracks where he is still serving with the army, but does not disclose this to Felicia. He does however tell her that his wife has died, and that she suggested that Felicia abort her unborn child. After the abortion, which Hilditch pays for, he takes her back to his house and gives her an overdose of sleeping pills. While digging out in his garden, the Jamaican Christian parishioner and a new convert enter his yard and begin to preach about Jesus. Hilditch feels flashes of guilt and confesses that he did, in fact, steal and cheat Felicia. Upstairs in the house, Felicia awakens from her sleep and struggles down the stairs. Hilditch finds her trying to escape the house, but allows her to leave. He then walks to his kitchen, where he hangs himself from a clothes line."] ['Lara Brennan  is convicted of murdering her boss after an altercation at work and after a trial is sentenced to life in prison. Following the failure of her appeal, Lara\'s husband John Brennan , a professor at a community college, becomes obsessed with the idea of breaking her out of jail, while their son Lukeceases to acknowledge her during their prison visits. John consults Damon Pennington , a former convict who successfully escaped from prison seven times. Damon advises John to study the prison where his wife is, saying "every prison has a key". Damon also warns him that the initial escape from the prison will be easy compared with avoiding capture after the escape. To that end, John must obtain false passports, new social security numbers, and a "truckload of cash" to have a chance of success. Damon also suggests going to an unpopular foreign country for Americans so that authorities will be unlikely to look for them there. John learns Pittsburgh\'s time to lock-down the city\'s exits after a call is made to do so: 15 minutes for the city center and 35 minutes for all interstates, secondary roads, and stations or airports. Damon Pennington tells John to ask himself if he can really "be that guy" who knocks over an old lady or shoots a guard if it\'s the difference between escape or getting caught. John contemplates several ideas that do not pan out and is defeated more than once, but he latches onto a solid plan and the necessary paperwork after some painful efforts. He robs a drug lord and sets his meth lab on fire before fleeing the scene. He then falsifies and plants blood work results indicating that his wife is in a state of hyperkalaemia, so she is transferred to the hospital. He follows the ambulance and helps her escape although she is doubtful and reluctant, motivated only by the idea of her son being raised without either parent. With the police getting some lucky breaks, they are hot on John and Lara\'s trail through a series of chases. Throughout the film, John is shown assembling maps, photographs, notes, and other papers on a wall of his house. He tears them down and stuffs them into several garbage bags before leaving to rescue Lara, leaving one bag in the trash outside his home, and the rest in a dumpster some blocks away. As it turns out, he did this selectively to misguide the detectives regarding their final destination. They have an uncomfortable moment at passport control, as a Canadian officer examines their passports and glances at the page of photographs showing people to stop. He allows them to pass. The shift changes, and as they walk down the hall, their photos are added to the list. An international flight is delayed, but the police were after the wrong destination. At the end of the film, the family ends up safe in Caracas, Venezuela. Back in the United States, a detective who had attempted to catch Brennan returns to the scene of the crime although it had been some years since the crime occurred. Using his forensic skills, he manages to put together what really happened. It turns out that the killer of Lara\'s boss was really just a mugger—as she claimed in open court—and a series of coincidences led to Lara\'s conviction. He remembers Lara saying a button popped off as she passed the mugger, and notices that it is raining just as it had been the night of the murder. He tosses a piece of paper in the current where the button would have fallen off, and it leads into a gutter. He searches the gutter but is unable to find the button to prove Lara\'s innocence. It turns out the button was there, buried under grime, and the detective just missed it. The last shot of this detective shows him turning back to think, implying that there is a possibility of him taking a second look and locating the button, which would\'ve led to the exoneration of Lara. However, that is left open to audience speculation.'] ['A police investigator cracks down on yakuza business, but once he realizes the police are in negotiations with certain factions, he sides with his own syndicate of choice.'] ['Dennis, living in a housing project in Brooklyn, New York has had enough of poverty, and witnessing his alcoholic father beat his mother. His father is depressed and troubled from working hard for "the white man" for so many years, yet having nothing to show for it. Dennis and two friends come up with a plan to rob a local drug dealer and split the money. One of the friends asks his uncle to borrow his car, and then a connection he has gives him a shotgun for the operation. Dennis keeps telling his girlfriend that they will soon have money and be able to move out of Brooklyn, but he does not actually tell her of the plan. When he does eventually explain what he is about to do, she leaves him and tells him the relationship is over. Meanwhile, his mother loses her job due to the bruises on her face from the ongoing domestic violence. On the day of the robbery, Dennis and his friends wait in the car for the dealer to come out with a briefcase full of cash. As they drive up to him, Dennis points the gun in his face and tells him to hand over the bag, yet he doesn\'t actually shoot him as his friends were discussing in the car. The dealer complies, and they speed off. The dealer has now seen their faces, and after being ordered by the gangster he works for to get the money back, he goes out looking for the three. When Dennis and his friends take the briefcase back home and realise that it contains much more than they expected, the other two get scared and realize they will be targeted for stealing the bag in the first place. After an argument with Dennis, they leave all the money with him and say they want nothing to do with it. The same night, Dennis brings the money home to show his family and tells them they can move out of the projects, but his father is less than happy about what his son has done. This causes an argument in the house which leads to more violence and Dennis\' mother having to go to the hospital. The next day at the hospital, Dennis\' father goes out for some air when the drug dealer who was robbed sees him and recognizes who he is. The dealer and his accomplices chase him and he is blocked on both sides and shot dead. At the same time, in the hospital, Dennis\' mother dies with her son and daughter by her side. The movie ends with the bloodied father lying still in death, against a fence.'] ['{{Expand section}} A gang of robbers are terrorizing and robbing banks and payrolls in North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland. The gang\'s leader, George, seems to take particular delight in "bumping off" women who cross him. The film starts with comments from then-governors of North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland about how crime doesn\'t pay. Then the film\'s action begins.'] ['{{Plot|dateIntroductionPart IPart IIPart III The story picks up one year later: the homicidal couple have been imprisoned, and are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane. Scagnetti arrives at the prison and encounters Warden Dwight McClusky , with whom he plans to murder the two criminals. McClusky will arrange for Scagnetti to be the driver for the Knoxes\' transfer. Alone with the pair, Scagnetti will murder them, then claim that they tried to escape. Meanwhile, Gale has persuaded Mickey to agree to a live interview that will air immediately after the Super Bowl. Mallory is held in solitary confinement elsewhere in the prison, awaiting her transport to the mental hospital. During the interview, Mickey gives a speech about how murder provides enlightenment and declares himself a "natural born killer". His words inspire the other inmates  and incite them to riot. McClusky, upon learning of the riot, orders the interview terminated despite Gale\'s vehement protests. Mickey is left alone with Gale, the film crew and several guards. Using a lengthy joke as a diversion, Mickey overpowers a guard and grabs his shotgun. He kills most of the guards with it and takes the survivors hostage, leading them through the prison riot. Gale follows, giving a live television report as people are beaten and killed around him. Scagnetti is in Mallory\'s cell and attempts to seduce her. Mallory rebuffs his efforts, smashing his face against the wall and breaking his nose. The guards and Scagnetti subdue her. Still live on national television, Mickey engages in a Mexican standoff with Scagnetti, eventually feigning a concession. Mallory then approaches Scagnetti from behind and slashes his throat with a shank. To Scagnetti\'s horror, Mickey tells him that he was out of shotgun shells during the standoff. Mallory then picks up Scagnetti\'s gun and kills him. Mickey and Mallory continue to escape through the riot-torn prison, with Gale\'s entire TV crew getting killed. Gale himself snaps and begins to shoot at the guards with a pistol that he has taken from one of the dead guards. After being rescued by a mysterious prisoner named Owen Traft , the trio of Mickey, Mallory, and Gale run into McClusky and a heavily armed posse of guards. The trio takes cover in a blood-splattered shower room. McClusky threatens to storm the shower room; Mickey, in turn, threatens to kill both Gale and a guard on live TV, and the prisoners walk out the front door. McClusky and his guards are quickly massacred by hordes of inmates. Mickey and Mallory steal a van and kill the last guard; Owen\'s fate is unknown. Escaping to a rural location, they give a final interview to Gale before they tell him he must also die. He attempts various arguments to change their minds, finally appealing to their trademark practice of leaving one survivor; Mickey informs him they are leaving a witness to tell the tale – his camera. Gale accepts his fate and extends his arms as if on a cross as they shoot him dead while his unattended camera continues to roll. The couple is shown several years later, in an RV, with Mickey driving and Mallory  watching their two children play.'] ['Boston Blackie  helps the war effort by getting prisoners released on parole to help in a World War II factory. Those chosen have to be "good prisoners" who want to support America\'s war effort. As usual, there is the proverbial black sheep who immediately returns to crime after his parole. If Boston Blackie is to save this project, he has to capture the criminal and find the stolen loot.'] ["In 1906 San Francisco, Frisco Jenny Sandoval , a denizen of the notorious Tenderloin district, wants to marry piano player Dan McAllister ([[James Murray , but her saloonkeeper father Jim  is adamantly opposed to it. An earthquake kills both men and devastates the city. In the aftermath, Jenny gives birth to a son, whom she names Dan. With financial help from crooked lawyer Steve Dutton , who himself came from the Tenderloin, she sets herself up in the vice trade, providing women on demand. Jenny has one loyal friend, the Chinese woman Amah , who helps take care of the baby. At a party in Steve's honor, he catches gambler Ed Harris  cheating him in a back room. In the ensuing struggle, Steve kills him, with Jenny the only eyewitness. The pair are unable to dispose of the body before it is found and are questioned by the police. However, neither is charged. The scandal forces Jenny to temporarily give up her baby to a very respectable couple who owe Steve a favor to keep the child from being taken away from her. After three years, she tries to take her son back, but the boy clings to the only mother he can remember, so she leaves him where he is. He grows up and goes to Stanford University, where he becomes a football star, graduates with honors, and becomes first a lawyer, then an assistant district attorney. Jenny lovingly follows his progress. Meanwhile, she takes over the vice and bootlegging in the city. When Dan runs for district attorney, his opponent is Tom Ford , who does Jenny's bidding. Against her best interests, she frames Ford so that Dan can win. When Steve tries to bribe Dan to free some of his men, he is arrested. Out on bail, Steve asks Jenny to blackmail Dan into dropping the charges, but she refuses to jeopardize her son's future. In fact, she intends to retire to France with Amah. When Steve threatens to reveal that Jenny is Dan's real mother, she shoots and kills him at Dan's office. She is quickly arrested and prosecuted by Dan. Refusing to defend herself, she is condemned to death by hanging. Amah pleads with her to tell Dan the truth in the hope that he can help her, but when he comes to see her, she remains silent."] ['The film charts the lives of the Krays from childhood, paying particular attention to how they were very close to their doting mother  and also the relationship between the twins, with Ronald  the more dominant and violent twin and Reginald  committing acts of violence primarily at the behest of his brother.'] ["After psychology professorBiesen, Sheri Chinen . Blackout: World War II and the origins of film noir. Johns Hopkins University Press, ISBN 978-0-8018-8218-0 Richard Wanley sends his wife and two children off on vacation, he goes to his club to meet friends. Next door, Wanley sees a striking oil portrait of Alice Reed  in a storefront window. He and his friends talk about the beautiful painting and its subject. Wanley stays at the club and reads Song of Songs. When he leaves, Wanley stops at the portrait and meets Reed, who is standing near the painting watching people watch it. Reed convinces Wanley to join her for drinks. Later, they go to Reed's home, but an unexpected visit from her rich lover Claude Mazard  leads to a fight in which Wanley kills Mazard. Wanley and Reed conspire to cover up the murder, and Wanley disposes Mazard's body in the country. However, Wanley leaves many clues, and there are a number of witnesses. One of Wanley's friends from the club, district attorney Frank Lalor  has knowledge of the investigation, and Wanley is invited back to the crime scene, as Lalor's friend, but not as a suspect. As the police gather more evidence, Reed is blackmailed by Heidt , a crooked ex-cop who was Mazard's bodyguard. Reed attempts to poison Heidt with a prescription overdose when he returns the next day, but Heidt is suspicious and takes the money without drinking the drugs. Reed tells Wanley, who overdoses on the remaining prescription medicine. Heidt is killed in a shootout immediately after leaving Reed's home, and police believe Heidt is Mazard's murderer. Reed races to her home to call Wanley, who is slumped over in his chair. In an impossible match on action, Wanley awakens in his chair at his club, and he realizes the entire adventure was a dream in which employees from the club were main characters in the dream. As he steps out on the street in front of the painting, a woman asks Wanley for a light. He adamantly refuses and runs down the street."] ["Sportswriter Eddie Willis is broke after the newspaper he works for goes under. He is hired by crooked boxing promoter Nick Benko to publicize his new boxer, a huge, but slow-witted and untalented Argentinian named Toro Moreno. Unbeknownst to Toro and his friend and manager Luís Agrandi, all of his fights are fixed to make the public believe that he is for real. Eddie begins to feel guilty about his work, especially after he comes to like the good-natured giant. The unhappy boxer wants to quit and go home, but Eddie talks him out of it. Finally Benko arranges for Toro to fight the heavyweight champ, Buddy Brannen. Knowing Toro has no chance, Benko places large bets secretly against his fighter as he had planned all along. Toro loses as expected and gets brutally beaten in the process. Afterwards, Eddie discovers that Benko has rigged the accounting so that Toro ends up getting paid only a pittance. Ashamed, Eddie sends Toro home to Argentina with Eddie's own share of the proceeds. When confronted by Benko, Eddie defies him, then begins writing an exposé about corruption in the boxing world."] ['In an airport, Lone Man  is being instructed on his mission by Creole . The mission itself is left unstated and the instructions are cryptic, including such phrases as "Everything is subjective," "The universe has no center and no edges; reality is arbitrary," and "Use your imagination and your skills." After the meeting in the airport he travels to Madrid and then on to Seville, meeting several people in cafés and on trains along the way. Each meeting has the same pattern: he orders two espressos at a cafe and waits, his contact arrives and in Spanish asks, "You don\'t speak Spanish, right?" in different ways, to which he responds, "No." The contacts tell him about their individual interest such as molecules, art or film, then the two of them exchange matchboxes. A code written on a small piece of paper inside each matchbox, which Lone Man reads and then eats. These coded messages lead him to his next rendezvous. He repeatedly encounters a woman  who is always either completely nude or wearing only a transparent raincoat. She invites him to have sex with her but he declines, stating that he never has sex while he is working. One phrase that Creole, the man in the airport tells him is repeated throughout the movie: "He who thinks he is bigger than the rest must go to the cemetery. There he will see what life really is: a handful of dirt." This phrase is sung in a flamenco song in a club in Seville at one point in his journey. In Almeria, he is given a ride in a pickup truck by a companion of Mexican , on which the words La vida no vale nada  are painted, a phrase Guitar  says to him in Seville, and he is taken to Tabernas desert. There, lies a fortified and heavily guarded compound. After observing the compound from afar, he somehow penetrates its defenses and waits for his target inside the target\'s office. The target  asks how he got in, and he answers, "I used my imagination." After the murder with a guitar string, he rides back to Madrid, where he locks away the suits he has worn throughout the movie and changes back into a sweatsuit bearing the national flag of Cameroon. Before exiting the train station onto a crowded sidewalk he throws away his last matchbox.  The Limits of Control sometimes references other films. For example, when Lone Man meets Blonde she discusses classic Hitchcock and Welles films. His first meeting with the Nude echoes the beginning of Jean-Luc Godard’s Contempt.http://www.theauteurs.com/reviews/18761 Isaach De Bankolé exchanges matchboxes throughout the film with "Le Boxeur"  written on them, the name of his character in the film White Material. When Lone Man sees a poster in Seville for a movie that features Blonde, it is called "Un Lugar Solitario", the Spanish title of the Humphrey Bogart film "In a Lonely Place".'] ["Two escaping killers hide out in a bar and hold the bartender and clients hostage. Amongst the patrons are a nervous singer , a boxer, his wife, and manager, an extortionist, a loud thug and his girlfriend, and a small man who can pick people's real as opposed to posed personalities and has no fear ."] ['Terrence McDonagh is a New Orleans Police Sergeant. While cleaning out a locker after Hurricane Katrina, he notices that a prisoner may not have been transferred. When he finds the prisoner about to drown, he mocks him before eventually jumping in the water to save him. He is promoted to lieutenant and given a medal for his work, but has suffered a serious back injury because of the rescue. As a result, he is prescribed Vicodin which he will most likely need to take for the rest of his life to manage the pain. The film moves ahead six months. McDonagh is now not only addicted to painkillers, but is habitually using several other drugs including cocaine and cannabis. He has convinced a person that works in the police department to bring him drugs sent to the evidence room. His girlfriend Frankie, a prostitute, also does cocaine and they often share drugs. He has also become estranged from his father, a recovering alcoholic who can only bring himself to attend to his Alcoholic Anonymous meetings and nothing else, and his alcoholic stepmother, Genevieve. Over the course of the film, he uses his position as an officer to bully people and steal more drugs. McDonagh has been assigned to investigate a murder scene, where five illegal immigrants from Senegal were executed. Information comes in that leads them to a delivery boy who was an auditory witness, and through his details and evidence they deduce the people were killed for selling drugs in a gang leader\'s neighborhood. The gang leader Big Fate has two associates: Midget and G. They are both arrested, leading to Big Fate willingly coming to the police station with his lawyer. As they try to get enough evidence to convict Big Fate, McDonagh goes back to a hotel room where he finds Frankie beaten by one of her clients, a seemingly well-connected man named Justin. McDonagh threatens Justin and takes $10,000 from him. Later on, the auditory witness of the murder scene goes missing. McDonagh finds the witness\'s grandmother, who works at a nursing home, and threatens to kill an old woman who is the grandmother\'s patient to get the grandmother to tell where the witness has gone. The old woman has sent him to stay with her family in England, to prevent him from getting involved in gang affairs. In addition to dealing with the murder investigation, McDonagh gets in trouble with his bookie for not paying his debts. What little money McDonagh has is given to a gangster who works for Justin. The gangster now requests five times the amount stolen from Justin, $50,000, as compensation, and gives McDonagh two days to get it. As a result of his treatment of the old woman, McDonagh is on modified duty and his gun placed in the evidence room. Now angry, McDonagh goes to Big Fate and they become partners, with McDonagh supplying Big Fate with police information. McDonagh now has enough money to pay off his debts to his bookie and uses his surplus earnings to place a new bet. During a celebration of the successful partnership between McDonagh and Big Fate, the gangster shows up, demanding his money. McDonagh offers him a cut worth more than $50,000 from a bag filled with pure cocaine, but the gangster wants to take it all. Big Fate and his crew end up killing the gangsters. To further celebrate their partnership, McDonagh implores Big Fate to smoke crack cocaine with his "lucky crack pipe". He does, and McDonagh later plants the pipe at the murder scene of the Senegal family. The department uses this new evidence to arrest Big Fate and his cronies, but when he and McDonagh are alone with Big Fate, McDonagh\'s partner, Stevie Pruit, threatens to kill Big Fate, as he doesn\'t want him to have the chance to escape conviction. McDonagh is outraged at this idea and arrests Big Fate, showing that despite his addictions he still performs his duties as an officer. McDonagh is later promoted to Captain. The film ends one year later. McDonagh appears to be sober, as do Frankie  and McDonagh\'s parents, but it turns out that McDonagh is still taking heroin. He encounters the prisoner whom he saved at the beginning of the film, and the man, recognizing McDonagh, exclaims that McDonagh saved his life. The man has been sober for almost a year and offers to help McDonagh finally escape his own addiction. McDonagh simply asks, "Do fish have dreams?" The film ends with the two men in an aquarium, sitting on the floor with their backs against a wall-sized fish tank.'] ['The story centers on a 1931 heiress kidnapped for ransom by a brutal gang, whose mentally-impaired "leader" ([[Scott Wilson   falls in love with her. It was previously filmed in England in 1949 under its original title, and the central conceit was that the heiress, who felt stifled by her upper-class life-style, fell in love with the abductor and his comparative freedom to live his life on the edge. In this remake, Aldrich and Griffiths reversed this angle; here, she merely strings him along in an attempt to escape. This version was also played more for laughs, in particular the outlandishly deranged behavior of the gang.'] ['In 1950s Christchurch, New Zealand, a 14-year-old girl from a working-class family Pauline Parker  befriends the more affluent English 15-year-old Juliet Hulme  when Juliet transfers to Pauline\'s school. They bond over a shared history of severe childhood disease and isolating hospitalizations, and over time develop an intense friendship. Pauline admires Juliet\'s outspoken arrogance and beauty. Together they paint, write stories, make clay figurines, and eventually create a fantasy kingdom called Borovnia. It is the setting of the adventure novels they write together, which they hope to have published and eventually made into films in Hollywood. Over time it begins to be as real to them as the real world. Pauline\'s relationship with her mother becomes increasingly hostile and the two fight constantly. This angry atmosphere is in contrast to the peaceful intellectual life Juliet shares with her family. Pauline spends most of her time at the Hulmes\', where she feels accepted. Juliet introduces Pauline to the idea of "the Fourth World", a Heaven without Christians where music and art are celebrated. Juliet believes she will go there when she dies. Certain actors and musicians are "saints" in this afterlife. During a day trip to Port Levy, Juliet\'s parents announce that they are going away and plan to leave Juliet behind. Her fear of being left alone makes her hysterical, culminating in her first direct experience of the Fourth World, perceiving it as a land where all is beautiful and she is safe. She asks Pauline to come with her, and the world that Juliet sees becomes visible to Pauline, too. This is presented as a shared spiritual vision, a confirmation of their "Fourth World" belief, that informs the girls\' predominant reality and affects their perception of events in the everyday world. Juliet has an attack of tuberculosis and is sent to a clinic. Again her parents leave the country, leaving her alone and desperately missing Pauline. Pauline is desolate without her, and the two begin an intense correspondence, writing not only as themselves, but in the roles of the royal couple of Borovnia. During this time Pauline begins a sexual relationship with a lodger, which makes Juliet jealous. For both of them, their fantasy life becomes a useful escape when under stress in the real world, and the two engage in increasingly violent, even murderous, fantasies about people who oppress them. After four months, Juliet is released from the clinic and their relationship intensifies. Juliet\'s father blames the intensity of the relationship on Pauline and speaks to her parents, who take her to a doctor. The doctor suspects that Pauline is homosexual, and considers this a cause of her increasing anger at her mother as well as her dramatic weight loss. Juliet catches her mother carrying on an affair with one of her psychiatric clients and threatens to tell her father, but her mother tells her he knows. Shortly afterward, the two announce their intention to divorce, upsetting Juliet. Soon it is decided that the family will leave Christchurch, with Juliet being left with a relative in South Africa. She becomes increasingly hysterical at the thought of leaving Pauline, and the two girls plan to run away together. When that plan becomes impossible, the two begin to talk about murdering Pauline\'s mother, Honora, as they see her as the primary obstacle to their remaining together. As the date of Juliet\'s departure nears, it is decided that the two girls should spend the last two weeks together at Juliet\'s house. At the end of that time Pauline returns home and the two finalize plans for the murder. Honora plans a day for the three of them at Victoria Park, and the girls decide this will be the day. Juliet puts a broken piece of brick into a stocking and they go off to the park. After having tea, the three walk down the path and when Honora bends over to pick up a pink charm the girls have put there, Juliet and Pauline bludgeon her to death. In a postscript it is revealed that the next day Pauline\'s diary was found, in which the plan for the murder had been outlined. The two are tried, convicted, and sentenced to prison. It is a condition of their eventual release that they never meet again.'] ["Chris , a young police officer, meets the attractive and sexy Pamela , and immediately falls in love with her. Even her drug and alcohol problems cannot affect his mad love for her, and they decide to marry. As the relationship continues, more problems arise. Their passionate love is accompanied by destructive fights, and Pam's emotional problems start to surface. She shows no respect for Chris's family members, who are very important to him. Pam is also manipulative and exploits Chris' love for her, leaving him to do all the chores and making him buy her expensive things until they are on the brink of bankruptcy. Trouble escalates when Chris loses his job, after trouble with a fellow officer. To finance Pam's lifestyle, Chris decides to earn a living by robbing banks. Pam is fascinated with his bank heists and begs him to tag along. After having finally robbed enough banks to afford a house of their own, Chris decides to stop a life of crime, much to Pam's chagrin. Pam soon leaves Chris who quickly finds himself unable to live without her. Chris then agrees to start robbing banks again which proves to be fatal for the duo."] ['Charles Masson , an advertising executive, is having an affair with Laura , the wife of his best friend, world renown architect François Tellier . Their sex life consists of sadomasochistic behavior, and in one of their heated sessions, Charles accidentally strangles Laura. Completely confused, Charles leaves the borrowed apartment in Paris and runs into François at a nearby bistro. The two drive back together to Versailles, where they have beautiful adjoining houses designed by François. The owner of the apartment had seen Laura and Charles together two months earlier, but she does not tell the police because of François. Even though the police do not seem to have any clues to the crime, Charles has a difficult time coping with the situation, and tries to lead a normal life with his two children and loving wife Hélène .'] ["New Jersey Drive opens with Jason  heading off to juvenile detention then unfolds in flashback as, chronologically, the incidents leading to his arrest surface one by one. First the audience sees the violent and poverty-ridden project where he chooses to hang out at; next his go-nowhere delinquent friends are introduced, as is their hobby: joy riding. Soon some of the teens, including Jason, begin to convert their hobby into a part-time job as they steal cars and sell them to a sleazy chop-shop owner for pennies on the dollar. Eventually they are caught in a police sting and one boy, Ronnie Lambs , is shot by the crooked Officer Emil Roscoe  and other police officers. They begin to run for cover and they end up at Ronnie's house whose relatives take him to the hospital. Jason informs his friends that the police ambushed them but he refuses to come forward and report the crime. One night while walking home, Jason is pulled over by the police. While he is being held in the back of a police car, he is approached by Officer Roscoe. Roscoe warns Jason not to tell a soul and he punches Jason in the eye as a warning to stay away from grand juries. Jason's mother tries to steer him away from a life of crime but he continues to hang out with his friends from the neighborhood who are involved in the street life. After becoming fed up with his mother and her boyfriend's home rules, Jason leaves their house and moves into Midget's apartment in the projects. One day, Jason and his friends are relaxing on the strip and a car drives past. Jason's sister, Jackie, and a friend of hers are in the back seat of a stolen vehicle. Jason pulls her out of the vehicle and sends her home. Officer Roscoe drives down the street, greets the guys and calls for backup. Midget says a few words and then throws a 40-ounce bottle at the windshield of Officer Roscoe's vehicle. As the boys run their separate ways, Jason and Midget are approached by two cops one being a female police officer. She questions them since they are minors drinking alcohol and fit the description of the suspects they were looking for. Midget insults the female officer for calling for backup while Jason pours out the liquor bottle. She rips the bag Midget was carrying and the boys take off running with police in pursuit. The police lose Jason but catch up to Midget. They corner him near the back of an apartment building and they beat him senseless whilst taking turns. Some time later, Midget awakens from the beating, grabs his 40-ounce of malt liquor and Jason catches up with him. Midget gets hold of a gun and he points it a police squad car from the roof top of a housing project building. Midget immediately fires two shots and the crew flee the scene. Later that day, after visiting a crooked chop shop owner, Midget robs a man for his Lexus in a grocery store parking lot. Jason who is in the previous vehicle was unaware of Midget's actions and the both of them speed away in their separate vehicles. Jason later confronts Midget for not telling him about his actions while Midget is seen feeding his elderly grandmother. Meanwhile, Roscoe is looking at a video camera which caught Jason at the scene of the robbery at the grocery store which now makes him a suspect. Next, Jackie is seen hanging out in the parking lot in the housing projects with a crowd of Jason's peers who are car thieves. Jason confronts Jackie once again and Richie tries to intervene. Jason tells Richie to stay out of it but a friend of Richie's instigates the argument to a point where Richie hits Jason in the face. Jason responds by beating Richie up in front of everybody until a group of guys  break up the fight. After that, the police go to Jason's mother's home in search of him but she informs the police that he is not home. Jason's mother drives around in search of Jason and then she tells Jason  that the police are on the hunt for him. Jason and Midget return to Midget's home only to find the police are waiting in the hallway. Jason runs while Midget stays put. As Jason is walking down the street, Richie pulls up in a vehicle. As he calls for Jason, Jason ignores him. Richie pulls out a gun and chases after Jason. Jason was able to get away unharmed. Later he is taunted by his friends for almost getting murdered on the street by Richie. Jason repels his friends of their ignorance which could have been resulted in his death by the hands of Richie. The crew drive around the city until night time. As they ponder upon a red SUV, the two guys Jason was with try to steal the vehicle while Jason watches. It appears that their carjacking attempt is taking too long as the car alarm goes off. Suddenly, the car alarm goes off by a beep and the police surround the carjackers. Jason is arrested, Midget successfully gets away and the other teen car-jacker tries to drive away in reverse from the police who fatally shoot him, later describing the shooting as self-defence by claiming that the carjacker tried to overrun a policeman. Jason has realized that his luck has finally ran out as he and his friends are caught on video tape committing the crime. The neighborhood residents are later seen outraged and protesting the police for shooting a teenage carjacker as the emergency medics try to revive him. The scene returns to the present as Jason is currently doing time at a juvenile hall. While washing clothes, he gets into an argument with another inmate who has a vendetta against his friend Midget. As Jason is sitting watching the news, it is revealed that the officers involved in the shooting of Ronnie Lambs have been suspended from active duty and Officer Roscoe has been brought up on criminal charges. Jason is released from jail and receives a ride by his female friend. She takes him to his old stumping grounds which is Avon St. and he sees Midget with his friends. Apparently, Midget  came to visit Jason while he was in jail. Midget and Jason have a long talk and it appears that the neighborhood is changing for the worse and that Midget suggests that Jason figure out what he wants to do with his life. Later that evening, Jason and his female friend begin to have a talk while sitting in her mother's car and then suddenly they are carjacked at gun-point by the men who had an argument with Jason when he was incarcerated. Midget and his crew arrive on the scene to try to figure out what happened but Jason has grown tired of the street life. Midget and Jason get into an argument and Midget informs Jason that this is how life on the streets are. Later on, a police dispatcher performs a voiceover during events in which it is revealed that Midget and a few friends who were joyriding in a stolen van die in an accident during a police chase. The next scene shows Jason walking down the street with a bookbag on his way to school while a group of kids drive past him joyriding. The final scene features Jason sitting in a classroom earning his education and reflecting on the past."] ["In Prague, Czech Republic, single mother Helena ([[Isabelle Blais  is seduced by a successful handsome man and travels with him to spend a weekend in Vienna, Austria. He then sells her to Human Traffickers and she is brought to New York to work as a sex slave. In Kiev, Ukraine, sixteen-year-old Nadia  has recently finished school and, without her father's prior consent or knowledge, she enters a modelling competition. She is selected by the bogus model agency to travel to the New York with the other selected candidates, here she is forced into a life of sexual slavery. In Manila, Philippines, twelve-year-old American tourist Annie Gray  is abducted in front of her parents in a busy street by sex traffickers. She is forced into a child brothel which primarily services sex tourists. In common, the girls become victims of a powerful international network of sex traffickers lead by the powerful Sergei Karpovich . In New York, after the third death of young Eastern European prostitutes, obstinate Russian-American NYPD agent Kate Morozov  convinces the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Chief Bill Meehan  to hire her, promising him that she would fight against this type of crime and that he would not regret it."] ['In 1975, after serving 5 years of a 30 year prison sentence, Carlito Brigante  is freed on a legal technicality exploited by his close friend and lawyer,Dave Kleinfeld . Carlito vows to be through with his criminal activities but is persuaded to accompany his young cousin Guajiro  to a drug deal held at a bar. Guajiro is betrayed and killed by his suppliers and Carlito is forced to shoot his way out. Afterwards, Carlito takes Guajiro\'s $30,000 from the botched deal and uses it to buy into a nightclub owned by a gambling addict named Saso  with the intent on saving $75,000 to retire to the Caribbean. As nightclub co-owner, Carlito declines several offers for a business partnership with an ambitious, albeit obnoxious, young gangster from the Bronx named Benny Blanco . Carlito also rekindles his romance with his former girlfriend Gail , a ballet dancer who moonlights as a stripper. Kleinfeld develops a love interest with Benny\'s girlfriend, Steffie, a waitress at Carlito\'s nightclub. Benny\'s frustration with Carlito\'s constant rejections boils over and he confronts Carlito one night at his table. Carlito publicly humiliates Benny, who reacts by manhandling Steffie. Fueled by his now extensive use of alcohol and cocaine, Kleinfeld brazenly pulls out a gun and threatens to kill Benny, but Carlito intervenes. Despite being personally threatened by Benny himself, Carlito lets Benny go unharmed; a decision which alienates Carlito\'s gangster friend and personal bodyguard Pachanga . Kleinfeld, who stole one million dollars in payoff money from his Italian mob-boss client, Anthony "Tony T" Taglialucci, is coerced into providing his yacht to help Tony T break out of the Rikers Island prison barge. Kleinfeld begs for Carlito\'s assistance in the prison break, and Carlito reluctantly agrees. Under cover of night, Carlito, Kleinfeld, and Tony T\'s son, Frankie, sail to a floating buoy outside of the prison barge where Tony T is waiting. As they pull Tony T aboard, Kleinfeld unexpectedly bludgeons him to death then slits Frankie\'s throat and dumps both of their bodies in the East River. Carlito immediately severs his ties with Kleinfeld and decides to leave town with Gail. The next day, Kleinfeld barely survives a retaliatory assassination attempt when he\'s stabbed in the chest at his office by two mobsters. Carlito is apprehended by police and taken to District Attorney Norwalk\'s  office where he is played a tape of Kleinfeld making a deal and offering to testify to false criminal allegations against Carlito. Norwalk advises that he is aware of Carlito as an accomplice to the Taglialucci murders in an attempt to leverage him into betraying Kleinfeld to save himself, but Carlito refuses. Carlito visits Kleinfeld under police protection in the hospital, where Kleinfeld confesses to selling him out; Carlito warns Kleinfeld that he\'s crossed the line from being a lawyer to acting like a gangster, and other gangsters will treat him accordingly. Carlito then buys train tickets to Miami for himself and Gail, now pregnant. When he stops by his club to get the stashed money, Carlito is met by a group of Italian mobsters led by Vinnie. The Italians plan on killing Carlito, but he manages to slip out through a secret exit. The Italians pursue him throughout the city\'s subway system and into Grand Central Terminal where they engage in a gunfight. Carlito kills all of his pursuers except Vinnie, who is shot and killed by police attracted by the gunfire. As Carlito runs to catch the train where Gail and Pachanga are waiting for him, he is ambushed by a disguised Benny, who shoots Carlito several times in the abdomen with a silenced gun. Pachanga admits to the dying Carlito that he is now working for Benny, only to be shot as well. Carlito hands a tearful Gail the money and tells her to escape with their unborn child and start a new life elsewhere. As he is wheeled away on a gurney, Carlito stares at a billboard with a Caribbean beach and a picture of a woman. The billboard then comes to life in his mind, and the woman, who is clearly Gail, starts dancing as Carlito slowly passes away.'] ["Four friends—Tristan , Simon , E-Bone  and Money --are street smart kids growing up in the tough Mattapan section of Boston in the 1980s. Starting out as small-time dope dealers on Blue Hill Avenue in Mattapan Square, they eventually go to work for Benny, a major player in the Boston crime scene. As the four friends grow up and become the biggest dealers in the city, things become increasingly heated: Tristan's wife wants him to leave the business because she's pregnant, Tristan finds out his sister is hooked on drugs and is alienated from his family, Simon becomes obsessed with a near-death experience and expects to die, cops dog their tracks trying every trick in and out of the book to catch them, and Benny, their main supplier, wants them out of the business for good. Worse, it becomes clear one of the four is trying to sell the others out to the cops. In the end, Tristan faces Benny down, after losing his friends, and is able to get out of the business—and the life—for good."] ['First-time crook Sonny , his friend Sal , and a second accomplice attempt to rob the fictitious First Brooklyn Savings Bank. The plan immediately goes awry when the second accomplice loses his nerve shortly after Sal pulls out his gun, and Sonny is forced to let him flee the scene. In the vault, Sonny discovers that he and Sal have arrived after the daily cash pickup, and only $1,100 in cash remains in the bank. To compensate, Sonny takes a number of traveller\'s cheques, but his attempt to prevent the cheques from being traced by burning the bank\'s register in a trash can causes smoke to billow out the side of the building, alerting the business across the street to suspicious activities. Within minutes, the building is surrounded by the police. Unsure of what to do, the two robbers camp out in the bank, holding all the workers hostage. Police Detective Sergeant Eugene Moretti  calls the bank to tell Sonny that the police have arrived. Sonny warns that he and Sal have hostages and will kill them if anyone tries to come into the bank. Sal tells Sonny that he is ready to kill the hostages if necessary. Detective Moretti acts as hostage negotiator, while FBI Agent Sheldon monitors his actions. Howard, the security guard has an asthma attack, so Sonny releases him when Moretti asks for a hostage as a sign of good faith. Moretti convinces Sonny to step outside the bank to see how aggressive the police forces are. Using head teller Sylvia  as a shield, Sonny exits the bank, and begins a dialogue with Moretti that culminates in his shouting "Attica! Attica!" , and the civilian crowd starts cheering for Sonny. After realizing they cannot make a simple getaway, Sonny demands that a helicopter be landed on the roof to fly him and Sal out of the country. When they\'re informed that the asphalt roof of the bank will not support a helicopter, Sonny demands that a vehicle drive him and Sal to an airport so that they can board a jet. He also demands pizzas for the hostages  and that his wife be brought to the bank. When Sonny\'s wife, Leon Shermer , a pre-operative transsexual, arrives, he reveals to the crowd and officials one of Sonny\'s reasons for robbing the bank is to pay for Leon\'s sex reassignment surgery, and that Sonny also has a legal wife, Angie , and children. As night sets in, the lights in the bank all shut off. Sonny goes outside again and discovers that Agent Sheldon has taken command of the scene. He refuses to give Sonny any more favors, but when the bank manager, Mulvaney , goes into a diabetic shock, Agent Sheldon lets a doctor through. While the doctor is inside the bank, Sheldon convinces Leon to talk to Sonny on the phone. The two have a lengthy conversation that reveals Leon had attempted suicide to "get away from" Sonny. He had been hospitalized at the psychiatric ward of Bellevue Hospital until the police brought him to the scene. Leon turns down Sonny\'s offer to join him and Sal to wherever they take the plane. Sonny tells police listening to the phone call that Leon had nothing to do with the robbery attempt. After the phone call, the doctor asks Sonny to let Mulvaney leave and Sonny agrees. Mulvaney refuses, instead insisting he remain with his employees. The FBI calls Sonny out of the bank again. They have brought his mother to the scene. She unsuccessfully tries to persuade him to give himself up and Agent Sheldon signals that a limousine will arrive in ten minutes to take them to a waiting jet. Once back inside the bank, Sonny writes out his will, leaving money from his life insurance to Leon for his sex change and to his wife Angie. When the limousine arrives, Sonny checks it for any hidden weapons or booby traps. When he decides the car is satisfactory, he settles on Agent Murphy to drive Sonny, Sal, and the remaining hostages to Kennedy Airport. Per Sonny\'s earlier agreement, an additional hostage, Edna  is released, and the remaining hostages get into the limousine with Sonny and Sal. Sonny sits in the front next to Murphy while Sal sits behind them. Murphy repeatedly asks Sal to point his gun at the roof so Sal won\'t accidentally shoot him. As they wait on the airport tarmac for the plane to taxi into position, he again reminds Sal to aim his gun up so he doesn\'t fire by accident. Sal does so, Agent Sheldon forces Sonny\'s weapon onto the dashboard, creating a distraction which allows Murphy to pull a revolver hidden in his armrest and shoot Sal in the head. Sonny is immediately arrested and the hostages are all escorted to the terminal. The film ends with Sonny watching Sal\'s body being taken from the car on a stretcher. Subtitles reveal that Sonny was sentenced to 20 years in prison; Angie and her children subsisted on welfare; and Leon had sex reassignment surgery.'] ["In Chicago in 1932, during Prohibition, a policeman is murdered inside a speakeasy. Frank Wiecek  and another man are quickly arrested, and are later sentenced to serve 99 years' imprisonment each for the killing. Eleven years later, Wiecek's mother puts an ad in the newspaper offering a $5,000 reward for information about the true killers of the police officer. This leads the city editor of the Chicago Times Brian Kelly  to assign reporter P.J. McNeal  to look more closely into the case. McNeal is skeptical at first, believing Wiecek to be guilty. But he starts to change his mind, and meets increased resistance from the police and the state attorney's office, who are unwilling to be proved wrong. This is quickly followed by political pressure from the state capital, where politicians are anxious to end a story that might prove embarrassing to the administration. Eventually, Wiecek is proved innocent by, among other things, the enlarging of a photograph showing the date on a newspaper that proves that a key witness's statement was false."] ["The plot concerned the crew of the merchant ship Dunbar, which docks in the Pool of London. The crew are given shore leave, and soon become involved in smuggling and petty crime in post-war London. Unusually for the time, it tackled themes of racism, as one of the ship's crew was a Jamaican."] ["Edouard Binet, an aimless Frenchman, has been travelling in North Africa for many years, and is sailing to Belgium. En route, he meets Sylvie Baron. He introduces her to Nemrod Lobetoum, a rich Egyptian carrying valuable jewelry, and Sylvie and Nemrod become friends. Their friendship escalates to love, which makes Edouard jealous. Days later, Edouard arrives at a rooming house owned by Mme. Louise Baron, Sylvie's mother, wearing blood-stained clothes. It appears that Nemrod was killed on a train after he arrived in France, but Edouard denies any knowledge of what happened. Sylvie suspects that Edouard is responsible for Nemrod's death, but by now her mother has become Edouard's ally."] ['This film stars Vincent Price as Gilbert de Quincey, a nineteenth century adventurer who becomes involved in a tong war in San Francisco. Price also narrated the film.'] ["During his first job, rookie hitman Ray  accidentally kills a young boy. He and his senior colleague Ken  are sent to Bruges by their employer Harry Waters , and told to await further instructions. While Ken takes in the sights and historic medieval buildings, Ray is agitated and depressed, wracked with guilt over the boy's death. One night, while observing a film shoot with a dwarf actor Jimmy , Ray strikes up a romance with Chloë , a local drug dealer and thief, moonlighting as a production assistant. On a date, Ray gets involved in a fistfight with a couple from Canada, mistaking them for Americans. Later that night, Chloë's former boyfriend Eirik  threatens Ray with a handgun loaded with blanks, but Ray disarms him and shoots Eirik in the eye, partially blinding him. Despite his budding romance with Chloë, Ray's guilt at his accidental killing of the boy continues to haunt him. Ken finally receives a call from Harry, who orders him to kill Ray on the principle that the killing of a child — even accidentally — is unforgivable; he would expect the same penalty if it happened to him, as Harry is a family man himself. Ken retrieves a handgun from Harry's local Belgian contact and tracks Ray to a park. As Ken sneaks up behind Ray to kill him, he sees Ray is about to shoot himself. His concern for his young friend overrides his sense of duty to their employer, and Ken prevents Ray's suicide. Ken then confesses to Ray that he had been ordered by Harry to kill Ray, although Ken denies that he intended to go through with the execution. While the two discuss the situation, Ken takes Ray's gun and convinces him to leave the city and the business. Following Ray's departure, Ken calls Harry, reveals his insubordination and location, and abruptly hangs up. An enraged Harry immediately heads to Bruges, where he gets a gun and dumdum bullets from his contact. Before Ray's train has travelled far from the city, he is arrested for assaulting the Canadian couple and escorted back to Bruges. Chloë bails Ray out of jail, and the two share a drink on the market square beneath Bruges' belfry. Ken and Harry meet for a drink nearby, before heading to the belfry, passing by Ray and Chloë without noticing them. At the top of the carillon tower, Ken declares that Ray deserves a chance at redemption, but refuses to fight Harry in defense of his own life, as he loves and respects him for his honor and generosity. Harry, while furious, takes pity on Ken and shoots him in the leg rather than in the head. When Eirik, passing by, spots Ray and Chloë and informs Harry of Ray's location, Ken fights with Harry for Ray's sake, and is shot in the neck. Harry descends the steps to confront Ray, leaving Ken seriously wounded. Ken drags himself back to the top of the carillon tower and searches for Harry in an attempt to shoot him before he harms Ray, but due to fog, he cannot see from the tower. Ken decides to jump off with his gun, hoping to allow Ray to use it in his defence. After first scattering coins to clear the area below of people, he jumps and lands in the plaza, living just long enough to warn Ray of Harry's arrival. However, the gun is shattered by the fall. With Harry in pursuit, Ray flees back to the hotel for his gun, which Ken had stashed in a drawer in their room. Harry arrives soon after, but Marie , the pregnant owner of the hotel, refuses to allow him up the stairs. Shouting through the stairwell, both men agree that Ray will try to flee from the back of the hotel, and Harry will run after him and shoot him if he can. Ray jumps on to a passing boat and drops his gun in the process. Ray looks back in time to see Harry drawing down on him from a bridge, but doubts that Harry will be able to make the shot due to the distance. Despite the long range, Harry fires and hits Ray in the abdomen. Harry pursues the now-wounded Ray through the streets before stumbling onto the film set, where Jimmy is in costume as a schoolboy. Harry shoots Ray another three times and in the process inadvertently shoots Jimmy in the head with the expanding ammunition, effectively decapitating him. Mistaking Jimmy's headless body for that of a child, Harry commits suicide on principle despite Ray's attempts to stop him. The gravely-wounded Ray is lifted onto an ambulance as he sees Marie, Eirik and Chloë in turn. Once in the ambulance, Ray considers prison or death as sufficient recompense for accidentally killing the boy, but then wonders if hell consists of staying in Bruges forever, at which point he says he hopes to live. He then slips into unconsciousness, leaving his fate unclear."] ['The film takes place within the notoriously rough Brownsville section of Brooklyn and especially within the Van Dyke housing projects in the NYPD\'s  65th precinct. The action revolves around three policemen whose relationships to their jobs are drastically different. Carlo  and Detective Salvatore "Sal" Procida  are having a conversation in a car when Sal unexpectedly shoots Carlo. Sal grabs a bag of money from Carlo\'s lap and flees. Sal confesses to a priest, asking for help with his dire situation. His wife  is pregnant with twins, in a house too small for their four children and has wood mold, which jeopardizes his family\'s health. Desperate to move, Sal has arranged to purchase a larger home through a woman who owes him a favor. The down payment is due the following Tuesday, and Sal is still short. Sal is a highly skilled and accomplished narcotics detective, but has begun to pocket drug money from raids. Officer Eddie Dugan  is a week from retirement after 22 years of unremarkable service to the force. He is assigned to oversee rookies in the tough neighborhoods. His life in shambles; he swills whiskey in the morning to get out of bed and his only friend is a prostitute, Chantal , who he frequents. Detective Clarence "Tango" Butler  is an undercover cop working the drug beat. Losing himself in his role as a drug dealer, he is tired of the kind of attention that a black man in a black car attracts. Having been promised a promotion and a desk job for years, he is finally offered a way out by betraying a close friend Caz , a known criminal recently released from federal prison. Federal Agent Smith  instructs Tango to set up the drug deal that will assure Caz\'s arrest and return to federal prison. Eddie\'s first rookie assignment  is a former Marine, who becomes disgusted with Eddie\'s lack of professionalism and cynical outlook, and asks to be reassigned – only to be killed on his next assignment. Eddie\'s second rookie assignment ([[Jesse Williams  accidentally fires his gun near a teenager during a petty theft investigation causing him to go deaf, leaving the NYPD facing a public relations nightmare. During the investigation, Eddie is remorseful for what happened, but refuses to play along with his superiors\' attempts to imply that the teenager was a drug dealer. When Tango goes to warn Caz to abort their upcoming drug deal, they are ambushed and Caz is shot dead, under orders from Red , a gangster Tango had humiliated previously. After Agent Smith makes a racist remark and refuses to pursue Red, Tango lunges at her, but is restrained by fellow officers. Meanwhile, Sal\'s latest raid on the complex is cancelled, but he decides to go to the location and rob the money he needs for his house. One of his team members, Detective Ronny Rosario , tries to stop him but fails. As he approaches the building, Sal passes Tango, who has come there to kill Red. Sal raids the apartment. After killing three people and finding their stockpile of cash, Sal is shot in the back and killed by a young man who became suspicious when he saw Sal enter the building. Tango gets his vengeance on Red, but is mistaken for a gangster and is shot by Rosario. Only after shooting Tango does Rosario realize he has shot another law officer. Rosario, still determined to stop Sal, is forced to continue his search for him. He witnesses the young man who shot Sal running away from the crime scene and is devastated when he finds Sal\'s body in the drug dealers\' apartment. Eddie retires and visits Chantal, who declines his offer to move to Connecticut. On his way home, Eddie sees a woman, ([[Sarah Thompson , who was reported missing, being shoved into a van. He follows the van to the Van Dyke housing projects, where he locates a sex-slave dungeon in the basement. Eddie apprehends one of the men and is confronted by a second. Eddie tells the second man to get down, but is forced to shoot him in the chest, resulting in a violent fight that ends with Eddie strangling his opponent with a zip tie. Eddie finds redemption by rescuing the missing girls.'] ['Joe  is a small-time con-man and dice-hustler who works with a group of men with similar interests. They shave cards and dice, doing small time cons at card games and union picnics. He\'s in a long-term relationship with Janice  and has a son with Down\'s syndrome, Joe Jr. . Joe finds out that his son must leave his residential care facility due to age. Joe Jr. has difficulty controlling his anger. He uses profanity and gets into fights. Thus, the residential facility is hesitant to recommend him to the group home for adults and Joe must take his son home, at least for a few weeks. Joe has been looking to make a bigger score, and he begins to hope that such a score could enable him to get his son into the group home. Sure that he could not care for his son, he begins work putting together a scam in Vegas. During this time, the film shows that Joe\'s crew are affectionate towards Joe Jr., often more so than Joe himself. Joe Jr. also strikes up a friendship with Janice. When Stanley ([[Michael Lerner  finds some men who will front Joe and the crew the cash, plans are laid for a trip to Vegas in the hope of scoring big. Tensions remain between Joe and Joe Jr., but they all travel to Vegas to find a way to hustle the casinos. While in Vegas, Joe Jr. gives a gift to Janice at the hotel room and then tries to force himself on her sexually. Joe comes in and pulls him off. All three are visibly shaken and Joe Jr. runs out of the hotel. At Janice\'s request, Joe catches up with him and brings him back. She forgives Joe Jr., but it becomes clear to her that they cannot handle him alone without professional help. While watching someone else roll the dice in Craps, Joe realizes that the cameras focus on the shooter. Using Joe Jr. as a partner, he demonstrates to Stanley and Janice that if he only rolls one die a partner across the table could drop a second weighted die in an almost unrecognizable move. Repeat the move and two weighted dice are on the table, enabling the crew to win big. Stanley originally agrees to drop the dice, but backs out because of fear that if he\'s caught he could lose his business. Joe Jr. offers to drop the dice and, after much reluctance, Joe agrees. One by one they gather at a craps table in the casino. Joe Jr. comes up, drops the dice, but is asked to leave by a casino employee watching the table. As Joe Jr. walks out the door of the casino, the crew around the table begin to win with the weighted dice. Joe narrowly avoids being caught, and the crew succeeds in their score. However, after leaving the casino, Joe Jr. fails to show up at the meeting place. After a search, Joe finds Joe Jr. at a bus stop, ready to travel back to the residential facility. Joe Jr. explains that he has spoken to the manager and apologized for his past behavior. The facility has agreed to take Joe Jr. back until the group home is ready for him in six months. Joe at first resists, but eventually gives in and tearfully says goodbye to his son. When returns to Janice he explains that Joe Jr. has "let him go."'] ["Divorced mom Tracy Cross raises her 12-year-old son Christopher in Key West in 1969 around the time of the Apollo 11 moon landing. A waitress, she becomes a stripper to support herself and Chris.The film includes a scene where fourteen-year-old actor David Arnott appears nude . Chris is also working at part-time jobs to help pay the bills. He is upset when he finds out about his mother's new job. A man from a local seafood restaurant is involved in a drug-smuggling ring in which the drugs are hidden inside fish, so Chris goes to work for him to earn enough money so that his mother can quit her dancing job. A stranger, Joe, comes to town and strikes up a relationship with Tracy. This further disturbs her son, who seeks out his father, John Cross, a military vet so troubled from his Vietnam experiences that he is now a gardener in a monastery. Joe turns out to be a law-enforcement undercover agent, working to bring down the drug ring. His relationship with Tracy and her son complicates matters as the time comes to make the arrest."] ['Anne Baxter stars as Norah Larkin, a single woman whose heart is broken after receiving a "Dear John" letter. After a night of drinking she passes out in the apartment of womanizer Harry Prebble , awaking to find herself accused of his murder. Named The Blue Gardenia Murderess by newspaper columnist Casey Mayo , Norah tries to remember the details of her ill-fated night. She eventually teams with the newspaper man to help solve the mystery.'] ['An aged gangster, Big Mac , is planning a robbery at a California resort casino. He wants the experienced Roy Earle , just released from an eastern prison by a governor\'s pardon, to lead the heist and to take charge of the operation. Roy drives across the country to a camp in the mountains to meet up with the three men who will assist him in the heist: Louis Mendoza , who works in the resort, plus Red ([[Arthur Kennedy  and Babe ([[Alan Curtis , who are already living at the camp. Babe has brought along a young woman, Marie . Roy wants to send Marie back to Los Angeles; but, after some argument, she convinces Roy to let her stay. Roy also is adopted by a small dog called Pard, played by Bogart\'s own dog, Zero. Marie falls in love with Roy as he plans and executes the robbery, but he does not reciprocate. On the drive up to the mountains, Roy met the family of Velma , a young woman with a deformed foot who walks with a limp. Roy pays for corrective surgery to allow Velma to walk normally. While she is recovering, Roy asks Velma to marry him; but she refuses, explaining that she is engaged to a man from back home. When Velma\'s fiancé arrives, Roy turns to Marie, and they become lovers. The heist goes wrong when they are interrupted by a security guard. Mendoza, Red, and Babe are involved in a car accident; Red and Babe die, and Mendoza talks to the police. While Roy and Marie leave town, a dragnet is put out for him, identifying him to the public as "Mad Dog Roy Earle". The two fugitives separate in order to allow Marie time to escape. Roy is pursued until he climbs one of the Sierra mountains, where he holes up overnight. Shortly after sunrise, Roy trades shots with the police. He hears Pard barking, runs out calling Marie\'s name and is shot dead from behind by a sharpshooter.'] ["In May 1969, Lou Jean Poplin assists her husband Clovis Michael Poplin to escape from the Beauford H. Jester Prison Farm in Texas, because she fears their son will be placed in the care of foster parents. During their flight, they overpower and kidnap Texas Department of Public Safety Patrolman Maxwell Slide, holding him hostage in a slow-moving caravan, along with reporters in news vans and helicopters. The Poplins and Slide travel through Beaumont, Dayton, Houston, Cleveland, Conroe and finally Wheelock, Texas. The Poplins bring Slide to the home of the foster parents, where they encounter numerous officers. An FBI agent and county sheriff shoots and kills Clovis, and later arrests Lou Jean. Patrolman Slide is found unharmed. Lou Jean spends fifteen months on a five year prison term in a women's correctional facility. Film characters Lou Jean Poplin and Clovis Michael Poplin are based on the lives of Ila Fae Holiday and Robert Dent, respectively. The character Patrolman Slide is based on Trooper J. Kenneth Crone."] ['Following the death of a triad leader, there is conflict within the Hong Kong organised crime syndicate as various possible leaders vie for power. David Chiang attempts to bring the traitor in the midst of his own group to justice following a taped conversation of traitor admitting his crimes, but who cannot be found, while Danny Lee, the elected leader of the triad has his family attacked as he fights unknown enemies to bring the organisation back under control. Their actions are hindered by Chow Sing Chi who is attempting to build up anger between the two completing triads of Hong Kong. The film is brought to a bloody conclusion as the traitor leader of the group storms the triad safe house in a desperate attempt to gain control over the group, but is met by heavy resistance.'] ["The film depicts 30 years of Chicano gang life in Los Angeles. It focuses on Montoya Santana , a teen who, with his friends, J.D.  and Mundo , form their own gang. They soon find themselves at the wrong place at the wrong time and are arrested. In juvenile hall, Santana murders a fellow inmate  who'd raped him and as a result, has his sentence extended into Folsom prison after he turns 18. Once there, Santana  becomes the leader of a powerful gang, La Eme. Upon his release he tries to relate his life experiences to the society that has changed so much since he left. La Eme has become a feared criminal organization beyond Folsom, selling drugs and committing murder. Santana starts to see the error of his ways but before he can take action, is sent back to prison for drug possession. There, he tells his former lieutenant, J.D. ([[William Forsythe  that he is no longer interested in leading the La Eme. However, following a precedent set by Santana himself earlier in the film, his men murder him to show the other prison gangs that, despite having no leader, they are not weak."] ['Wilson , recently released from a British prison, travels to Los Angeles to investigate the death of his daughter Jenny, who is reported to have died in a car accident. While adjusting to the United States, he finds allies in Jenny\'s friends Eduardo  and Elaine  and comes up with a suspect: Jenny\'s boyfriend Terry Valentine , a record producer. Valentine has connections with drug trafficking through his security consultant Avery . After locating the warehouse of the drug importer with whom Avery had done business, Wilson is overpowered and beaten by the drug trafficker\'s thugs, who also insult his daughter\'s name. After he is thrown out, Wilson retrieves a back-up pistol, goes back and kills all but one of the employees, shouting at the last to "Tell him I\'m coming!" The employee relays this threat to Avery who reports it to Valentine. Wilson reminisces with Elaine and Eduardo about his past relationship with his daughter, whom he only remembers as a child. As he recalls, Jenny always threatened to call the police when she found her father had committed crimes. He states she did not because she truly loved him. His criminal life put strain on his wife and child, but they never left him. He ended up in prison after the thieves he was associated with confessed to his involvement in their crimes. Wilson and Eduardo infiltrate a party at Valentine\'s house, where Wilson searches for evidence. He finds and steals a picture of Jenny. Attracting suspicion from Avery, Wilson is accosted by a guard, who Wilson then throws over a ledge, killing him. Wilson and Eduardo flee, and are chased by Avery who shoots at them with a shotgun. Wilson rams Avery\'s car into a ditch and he and Eduardo escape, but not before Eduardo makes the mistake of calling out Wilson\'s name within Avery\'s hearing. Afterward, Avery hires a hit-man named Stacy , who tracks down Wilson and Elaine. DEA agents prevent the attempted killing, and escort Wilson and Elaine to meet a DEA agent who is investigating Valentine. After the meeting it is clear the agent will not interfere with Wilson. Stacy and his partner then plot a double cross on Avery and Valentine. Avery moves Valentine and his girlfriend to a safe house in Big Sur, with Wilson following them. That night, Avery\'s guards shoot an intruder, who is revealed to be Stacy. Avery and the guards engage in a shootout with Stacy\'s partner, resulting in several deaths. Valentine flees to the beach with Wilson in pursuit. After he falls and breaks his ankle on the rocks, Valentine admits that Jenny found out about his drug business and threatened to call the police. Attempting to restrain her, he accidentally broke her neck. Avery then staged her death as a car accident. Wilson is haunted, knowing that Jenny would not have turned him in. Wilson decides to return to London, saying goodbye to Elaine and Eduardo. The narrative structure of the film is presented in disjointed flashbacks by Wilson during the plane trip home.'] ["Lin Vanner , is manager of an oil company. The payroll has been stolen in a hold-up. His fiancée urges him to pursue the suspect in hope that he will gain recognition. Deducing the road the robber may have taken over the border with Mexico, he goes along to intercept him. He shoots a man who shouts back at him and does not raise his hands when challenged by Lin. Too late Lin learns that the man could not raise one arm because it was injured and this was the reason for his shouting rather than complying with the demand he raise his hands; he was not guilty of the robbery. Troubled at his action and abandoned by his fiancée, Lin takes it on himself to tell the dead man's wife, Ellen  - but on arrival he is mistaken for an applicant for a helper to keep the dead man's farm going until his widow's son is old enough to take over. Lin believes that this opportunity has been given to him to make amends for his mistake and he gives up his position to labour as a man-of-all-work on the farm. The story is told in a flash-back when, with Father Gomez  by his side he tells the whole story, as he is being pursued by the police for another killing."] ['Salvatore Giuliano, the infamous bandit who, together with his rag-tag band of guerrillas, attempted to liberate early 1950s Sicily from Italian rule and make it an American state. Giuliano robs from the rich conservative landowners to give to the peasants, who in turn hail him as their savior. As his popularity grows, so does his ego, and he eventually thinks he is above the power of his backer, Mafia Don Masino Croce. The Don, in turn, sets out to kill the upstart by convincing his cousin and closest adviser Gaspare to assassinate him.'] ["The story concerns Harvard student Alan Jensen, the point guard of the Harvard basketball team. When his parents' house is destroyed by a tornado, Alan is desperate for $100,000 to replace their home. He is approached by his girlfriend Cindy Bandolino, whose father is an organized crime boss. Cindy convinces Alan to throw the game for the money. She tells Alan that her father is behind the deal, but actually she goes to her father's associate, Teddy Carter, and Carter's assistant, Kelly Morgan for funding. What she does not know is that Carter and Morgan are undercover FBI agents. Alan throws the game, gives his parents the money, and then undergoes a psychedelic experience after he ingests a big dose of LSD, 15,000 micrograms. There follows a long stretch of the film during which morphing special effects demonstrate Alan's altered state as he is pursued by Carter, while Cindy is collared by Morgan. Just when it looks like a toss-up as to what will prove his downfall first, the bad trip, the FBI, or the mob, Alan's other girlfriend , Chesney Cort , saves the day. Not only does she get Alan to a doctor who can bring him back to sobriety, she reveals that she is in a sexual threesome with Carter and Morgan. Once he gets some photographic evidence for blackmail, Alan is extricated from his problems."] ["Bowie  escapes from prison with bank robbers Chicamaw  and T-Dub . Bowie was unfairly convicted of murder. The three plan to rob a bank. Bowie needs the money to hire a lawyer to prove he's innocent. Bowie, injured in an auto accident, finds refuge with the daughter of the owner of a gas station, Keechie . They marry and plan to live an honest life. But then Chicamaw and T-Dub return and demand that Bowie come with them for one more job. Bowie refuses but finds that he is unable to escape from being hunted by the law. He meets a tragic end after he is betrayed. Keechie carries on and is pregnant with their child."] ["The film is set in a small coastal community in New Jersey where the only action in town is a nightclub called The Pavilion. The owner, Pete , can barely make the payroll so in an effort to bring in more business, he hires a sultry stripper named Danny Lee . Danny Lee's act soon turns the head of Ralph, which is not good news for his bed-ridden wife Luanne . Luanne's nasty talent is her gift for gossip, and when she begins to suspect that Ralph has adultery on his mind, she starts spreading more ugly rumors that have just enough basis in fact to stick. Soon things spin out of control and a wave of violence begins."] ["California housewife Lucia Harper  attempts to cover up what she believes  to be her daughter's ([[Geraldine Brooks  accidental murder of an undesirable ex-lover . Martin Donnelly , a clean-shaven smooth-talker involved in organized crime, tries to blackmail Lucia by threatening to take Bea and Darby's correspondence to the police. Complications arise when he realizes his true feelings for Lucia and discovers the truth. Donnelly's associate Nagel, initially a mysterious figure, rows with his colleague, who murders him. Donnelly dies in a car crash with the corpse soon afterwards. Normalcy appears to return for Lucia."] ['In Brooklyn, New York from November 1988 through early April 1989. Bobby Green  is the manager of a successful El Caribe nightclub in Brighton Beach that is frequented by Russian gangster and drug lord Vadim Nezhinski  and owned by Vadim\'s uncle and Bobby\'s boss, Marat Buzhayev. Bobby has distanced himself from his father, NYPD Deputy Chief Burt Grusinsky , and his brother, Captain Joseph Grusinsky . He has changed his last name to the maiden name of his mother, Carol Green, preferring to remain on the sidelines and enjoy a hedonistic life with his girlfriend Amada Juarez  and best friend Louis "Jumbo" Falsetti . When police forces led by Joseph make a raid on Bobby\'s nightclub on November 22, 1988, hoping to net Vadim, Bobby refuses to cooperate. The incident strains his relationship with his father and brother even more, to the point that he and Joseph exchange blows and insult each other\'s significant other . The police are unsuccessful in capturing Vadim, who decides to retaliate. At 5:43 pm on the evening of November 23, 1988, Joseph is shot by a masked assailant, and his unmarked police cruiser firebombed. Joseph survives the ambush, but the extent of the injury requires him to be hospitalized for four months. Vadim, unaware of Bobby\'s family ties, confides that the Chief will be the next victim. Bobby resolves to help the police. Behind his father\'s back, Bobby goes undercover inside Vadim\'s drug-smuggling operation and has a narrow escape. Bobby and Amada are placed under constant police protection and their relationship begins to deteriorate. On March 20, 1989, Vadim escapes custody while being transported to a hospital. The police prepare to move Bobby and Amada to a new location. During a blinding thunderstorm, the police convoy is intercepted by Vadim\'s men and, during a chaotic car chase, Burt is fatally shot. Bobby passes out in the rain when he sees his father\'s body. The police take Bobby and Amada back to a Sheraton Hotel near Kennedy Airport. He wakes up a few hours later and finds Joseph in the hotel room. After Joseph tells him that their father died, Bobby cries in Joseph\'s arms and asks how "they" found them. At the funeral, which is attended by all of the officers and their families, a colleague of Joseph\'s, Captain Jack Shapiro, gives him Burt\'s Korean War medal. Bobby is told that a Russian shipment is coming in sometime in the next week. To avenge his father, Bobby decides to officially join the police force without the consent of Amada, who leaves him. After he is sworn into the NYPD, Bobby, now in uniform, learns the true involvement of Jumbo, his friend, and Marat, his uncle. He and Joseph organize a final sting operation, set for April 4, 1989. During the raid, Joseph is emotionally incapacitated by the memory of his shooting and cannot continue. Vadim flees into the reed beds, and the police toss in flares to smoke him out. As the beds are engulfed in flames and smoke, Bobby runs in to find Vadim himself, ignoring the other officers\' pleas that he wait. Bobby shoots Vadim in the chest, mortally wounding him. The film ends on November 3, 1989, nearly a year after its opening, with Bobby graduating from the NYPD Police Academy to become a full-time police officer, just in time for the 1990s. Before the ceremony, Joseph reveals to Bobby that he has decided to switch to a job in the administration sector, since the shooting made him think about how much he needs to spend more time with his three children . As the chaplain announces that Bobby is to give the valedictory speech, Bobby thinks he sees Amada in the audience, but it turns out to be an illusion. The story closes with Bobby and Joseph expressing their brotherly love.'] ['The film tells the story of the seven-year hunt by forensic specialist Viktor Burakov for the person who mutilated and murdered over 50 children and young women. Burakov is aided, covertly at first, by his commanding officer, Col. Mikhail Fetisov and later by Dr. Alexandr Bukhanovsky, a psychiatrist. As well as being in the form of a crime thriller, the movie depicts Soviet propaganda and bureaucracy contributing to the failure to capture the killer; his crimes were not widely reported for fear of revealing that such things ever occurred in the USSR.'] ["The film opens with Peppino as a small child singing the popular song “Volare” with his brother in the back seat of a car on the way to a family gathering. The family is one of good standing in the social community and they are celebrating the fact that they have such a good life. In this scene the relationship between Peppino and his uncle Cesare is established. His uncle is a Don or Mafia boss in the small town of Cinisi where the story is set. In a scene soon after the happy family gathering we see Don Cesare blown up by a car bomb which was planted by a rival Mafia boss. This ends Peppino’s time of innocence. Even as a small child he is thrust into the realities of life in the Mafia. After his uncle’s funeral he goes to a local painter, Stefano Venuti, who is also a very outspoken member of the communist party in Sicily, to paint a picture of Cesare. Stefano refuses to paint it but does not really give him a reason. He did not get along with Cesare when he was alive because of their great difference in political views but he cannot really tell this sad stubborn little boy why he cannot paint him. Stefano ends up taking Peppino under his wing and puts his stubborn persistent energy to use in the aid of the Communist Party in Sicily. The story then jumps to when Peppino is a young adult in his early 20s protestesting against the government expropriating land that belonged to local farmers to build an airport with his Comrades in the Communist Party. They all end up in the local jail where Peppino is bailed out by his father. After this incident Peppino brings Stefano an article he has written for a local propaganda newspaper titled “La Mafia è una montagna di merda” or “The Mafia is a pile of shit” which Stefano deems to be too extreme and very dangerous to publish. This is the point where there is a break between Peppino and Stefano. Peppino becomes more and more extreme in his hatred for the Mafia and his need to expose all of the corruption that is happening in the town. Peppino and his father get into a big fight because of this article and this begins break between Peppino and his family. Peppino’s next step to expose the Mafia was to create a radio station with his friends called “Radio Aut” which condemned the Mafia and told about Don Tano’s participation in the drug trade. At this point Peppino’s father is under a lot of pressure to make his son stop what he is doing. Peppino gets kicked out of his family’s house. His mother is still looking out for him. She brings him books and keeps him hidden from his father. Meanwhile Luigi cannot handle the situation that Peppino has created at home so he goes to visit his relatives in America. They tell him that they can get Peppino a job in radio in America if he wants. Shortly after Luigi returns from America, he has a conversation with Peppino and then gets hit by a car on his walk home from his restaurant. Peppino does not acknowledge his father's Mafia friends at his funeral. This was not unexpected from him and it was rude and dangerous. By this point Peppino starts to doubt in the people's commitment to resist the Mafia. He feels like he is all alone in his resistance. He decides to run for office in a local election running under a very small leftist party while continuing his radio crusade. The Mafia eventually gets tired of Peppino and decides that life would be easier without him. They have men follow him in his car one night and when he stops at a railroad crossing they drag him out of his car beat him until he cannot move, tie him to the railroad tracks with TNT and blow him up. His friends realize that something's up and go looking for Peppino. They cannot find anything until the morning when they find the police in the spot where Peppino has been killed. They can see the blood on the ground from where he was beaten. They protest vehemently to the police to investigate it as a murder  but the police, having been influenced by the Mafia, rule the case terrorist act, and then later on as a suicide and leave. At his funeral there is a huge demonstration of support from the many people who he had made an impact on in his ten years of anti-Mafia and Communist party work. Peppino Impastato was killed on May 9, 1978. The case was originally treated as a suicide and no one was convicted for his murder until 1997 when the case was reopened and Gaetano Badalamenti was convicted and given a life sentence for the murder of Peppino Impastato."] ['The film\'s protagonist is Victor "Vic" Kelly, played by Christopher Walken, a struggling auto mechanic with a safe-cracking past and a lot of debt. When a supposed cousin from Ireland visits Vic, the alleged cousin sabotages one of Vic\'s auto repair jobs, to ensure Vic\'s desperation and participation in the robbery scheme introduced to Vic by neighborhood resident Pat, played by Donal Logue. Vic is too stubbornly proud to accept a loan from his bar-owner girlfriend, played by singer Cyndi Lauper, who offers Vic money that she was otherwise planning to use to renovate and remodel her neighborhood bar. Vic agrees to the robbery scheme, and goes to the armored courier service posing as a potential customer. Given a view of the facility, including being shown the triple combination-lock vault, Vic then goes to work on practicing his safecracking skills for the big day. The auto mechanic takes one last shot at the lucrative robbery - with his Irish cohort - to pay off his debts. We find out the cousin is not really a cousin. Vic becomes locked in the vault, while the fake cousin takes a bag of cash and makes his excape from the scene. The Irish cohort has a change of heart and returns to Vic with a bag of cash absconded from Vic at the scene at the crime. Vic can now afford to keep his elderly Aunt in her retirement home. There\'s enough money for Vic to be a good guy and give a cut to the two guards, who were in on the robbery with Vic, and had gotten fired. And Vic buys a juke box as a gift for his girlfriend\'s remodeled bar. A second bag of cash is taken from the vault by the armored-courrier service owner, who will report all the cash missing, and make false insurance and IRS claims. To protect his own scheme, the owner refuses to press charges against Vic. Vic finally experiences a bit of good luck for once in his life. The movie ends with Vic walking back to his girlfriend.'] ["Bill Saunders  is a former prisoner of war now living in England, whose experiences have left him unstable and violent. He gets into a bar fight in which he in kills a man and then flees. He hides out with the assistance of a nurse, Jane Wharton , who believes his story that the killing was an accident. Saunders is involved in another fight -- this time with a police officer. He ends up behind bars, but Jane, who is now in love with Saunders, gets him a job driving a truck delivering drugs for her medical clinic when he's released. Meanwhile, hoodlum Harry Carter, who witnessed the earlier bar fight, threatens to expose Saunders to the police. In return for his silence, Carter demands that Saunders cooperate with a planned robbery of his next drug shipment. When Saunders does do the delivery, Jane rides with him, forcing Saunders to make the delivery as planned to avoid getting Jane involved in the possibly dangerous theft. This betrayal of Carter puts the lives of Saunders and Jane in even greater danger."] ["The film's protagonist is Harold Shand , an old-fashioned 1960s-style London gangster who in the late 1970s is aspiring to become a legitimate businessman, albeit with the financial support of the American Mafia, with a plan to redevelop the then-disused London Docklands as a venue for a future Olympic Games. The storyline weaves together events and concerns of the late 1970s, including low-level political and police corruption, Provisional Irish Republican Army  gun-running, the displacement of traditional British industry by property development, Britain's membership of the EEC  and the free market economy – the latter was strongly in the ascendant at the time the film was made, in the first year of the Thatcher government. Harold is the undisputed ruling kingpin of the London underworld, when his world is suddenly torn apart by a series of murders and exploding bombs from an unseen foe. Uncovering his enemy's identity forms much of the film's subsequent plotline. His ruthless and violent pursuit of leads only points out the small-time tawdriness of the organisation he hopes to legitimise. The story seems to hinge upon an act of betrayal by one of Harold's closest aides, the implications of which only become clear near the film's climax, when the solution to the mystery is suggested though not spelled out. He acts on the information with the same brutality that took him to the pinnacle of the London underworld in the first place, but his enemies this time follow motivations different from those of his local rivals. The American Mafia representatives, led by actor Eddie Constantine, decide to leave England because of all the killings but Harold is determined to stay and go into business with a German consortium, saying that he will become a legitimate businessman. When he leaves their hotel, he gets into his car, which he thinks is being driven by his chauffeur but in fact has been taken over by two IRA men. The car then sharply pulls out from the hotel zone. Harold realises that his girlfriend, Victoria, is not in the car and sees her in the back of another car being driven away by armed men. Harold finds himself at gunpoint from the front seat passenger . As the car speeds away Harold is silent, but in his face we see a full range of emotions; at first astonishment which gives way to anger and then a slow realization that he is powerless and finally resignation to the fact that he is moments from death."] ["{{plot}} Ben Manibag  and his friend Virgil Hu  are lying in the sun discussing college admissions, but soon discover a human hand in the garden. Ben and Virgil are the quintessential Asian Americans, seen as highly intelligent overachievers whose only goal is to gain acceptance into the highly prestigious Ivy League universities. In fact, Ben learns a new SAT vocabulary word every night through rote memorization and recitation. These words act as the dividers between different chapters of Ben's life. In reality, Ben reveals that he in fact uses his perfectionism in order to act out in other ways, such as toilet papering houses with Virgil and other petty crimes. Part of these activities include the purchase and return of computer equipment with Virgil, and Virgil's cousin Han Seoul-Oh  to earn easy money. Ben is involved in many of the school clubs, all of which are being used to pad his college application. He makes the basketball team, though he soon discovers that he is merely a bench player. At the same time, Ben develops a crush on his new lab partner, Stephanie Vandergosh , a girl of Asian descent who was adopted by a white family. After meeting Daric Loo , the senior valedictorian and the president of nearly every student club, Ben becomes part of schoolwide cheat-sheet operation. Ben pays Jesus, another student, to break into the faculty office and steal the tests, then proceeds to sell off the cheat sheets to students. Ben also brings in Virgil and Han into the operaton, and the four of them make a small fortune. Meanwhile, Ben has fallen in love with Stephanie. He discovers that her boyfriend, Steve Choe , who is rich and arrogant, does not seem to appreciate her. Steve discovers Ben's crush and offers to let him take her to the Winter Formal. Ben soon discovers his life becoming more and more out of control. As a member of the Academic Decathlon team with Daric, Virgil and Han, the practices at Daric's house devolve into drinking parties. Later, the group, now intoxicated, arrive at a party, where they are accosted by a football player who mocks them for their perfect image. A fight results in Daric pulling out a gun, stopping the fight. At school the next day, news of the fight spreads around school and the four’s notoriety increases. Theories run rampant, including a possible link to the Chinese mafia. They gradually expand into more and more dangerous scams, such as the theft of computer parts from the school and eventually, drugs. They become users themselves, and Ben begins to develop a heavy cocaine habit. They also throw wild parties at Daric's house, which results in their lives running wildly out of control. Ben accompanies Steve to a batting cage after selling him drugs. Steve expresses to Ben that he knows he should be happy with what he has, but he is not since he feels stifled by the expectations that others have of him. On his birthday, Ben wakes up with a nosebleed as a result of his cocaine use. This is enough to scare him into changing his life. He meets the remainder of the group and tells them that he wants to quit. Daric agrees with him, expressing that their operation has become a full-time job. Daric presents a gun from the three of them to Ben, wishing him a happy birthday. Virgil continues the operation on his own, but, without the influence of Daric or Ben, is soon discovered thanks to his own carelessness and bragging. Han is forced to take the blame for the cheat sheet operation and is suspended, but not before he proceeds to beat up Virgil. Ben begins to rebuild his life, studying hard again and engaging in volunteer activities once more. He also begins to spend more time with Stephanie, who reveals a wild side of her own when she gives him a CD [Music You Hump To] that she shoplifted. Ben gathers up the courage to ask Stephanie to the formal, to which she agrees. The four leave to Las Vegas for the Academic Decathlon championships. Daric hires a prostitute and the group proceeds to have sex with her, with Ben being the first. During his turn, Virgil pulls a gun on the prostitute and she storms off. Han berates him, but Virgil pulls the gun on him, resulting in Han angrily storming off. Despite the turmoil, the team wins the competition. Ben and Stephanie attend the winter formal together and continue to get to know each other. During the formal, the two share a dance. The situation is made clear to Ben when Steve is seen outside of the formal, waiting to take Stephanie home. Steve meets Ben at the basketball court and tells him that he has information on a possible score. Though Ben is reluctant to re-enter his previous activities, he gathers up the group once more and meets Steve at his home. The group is stunned when they are informed that Steve wants them to rob his parents' house. He refers to it as a wake-up call. Ben and Han are against the plan, but Daric convinces them to participate, saying that this would be the perfect opportunity to give Steve his wake-up call. They agree Steve’s plan and practice constantly. They also agree to purchase Steve a gun. On New Year's Eve, the four meet Steve at Jesus' house. With Ben acting as lookout, Han, Daric and Virgil begin attacking Steve. The lights go out as Virgil’s gun slips away from him. Steve lunges for the weapon and the struggle for the automatic results in it going off. Ben hears the shot and rushes into the garage. Ben beats Steve nearly to death, stopping only when Han yells to him. The four are stunned at what they just did and get Jesus to agree to allow them to bury the body in his backyard for $300. Steve begins to twitch. Daric soaks a rag in gasoline and, with a tearful Virgil holding him, suffocates Steve with it. Afterwards, the four go to a New Year's party, where they each split up. Ben and Stephanie kiss at midnight, to which Stephanie tells an apologetic Ben that it is okay. The cell phone ring tone came from Steve's phone, which shows that the missed call was from Stephanie. Ben debates about whether or not to report Steve's murder to the police. The knowledge of his role in the murder is too much for Virgil, who attempts to commit suicide after calling over Han under the premise of watching some pornography. He survived the gunshot wound, but will most likely suffer brain damage. Daric arrives shortly after Ben, makes a flippant remark that angers Han and Ben escorts him out of the room. Daric expresses concern about the possibility of Han or Virgil revealing their secret. Ben simply resolves to do nothing and leaves Daric alone. With the group now permanently separated, Ben is alone at school. He goes to the basketball court but is unable to attempt a shot. On his way home, Stephanie pulls over in her new car and picks him up. She asks him whether he has seen Steve lately, and expresses some concern that he has not called. They kiss, implying she and Ben will continue their relationship. As they drive off, Ben's voice over tells the audience that he has no idea what is going to happen or what the other guys will do but all he knows is that there is no turning back."] ["The film tells the story of two young men, Biggs   and Wayne , who grow up together in the tough and dangerous streets of Kingston. They rob a soda truck and shoot the truck driver while they are still children. The robbery money is used to purchase visas to go the United States, where they continue their criminal activities, hustling on the streets of Miami. Twenty years later, Biggs is then deported to Jamaica where Wayne and Mad Max ([[Paul Campbell , also deported, have continued their surge in crime, they begin to extort money from business people. After facing problems with the police and politicians, the two head back to Miami alongside Mad Max. Upon returning, they are informed that Miami has a new king, Teddy Bruck Shut . The three pay Teddy a visit to extort him. They extort, beat, and murder their way to the top of the Miami underworld before their dream ends in a brazen shoot out, during which Teddy's thugs kill Wayne and shoot Max. Biggs almost gets shot as he comforts Wayne at his deathbed, but Max shoots the assailant before it happens. After taking Max to the hospital, Biggs goes to Teddy's house and murders him, his bodyguard and his girlfriend. Biggs then takes all and gets on a boat"] ['In 1968, Ellsworth "Bumpy" Johnson , a disciplined and intelligent gangster, runs much of Harlem and imparts his wisdom to Frank Lucas , his former limo driver, now turned out his right-hand man. One day, Johnson dies of a heart attack at an electronics store. Frank dislikes the new, flashy gangsters who are in line to take over Harlem and decides to take control himself. Meanwhile, Newark Police Department detective Richie Roberts  is juggling a failing marriage, late-night law school classes, and his police career. When Richie and his partner, Javier Rivera , discover nearly $1&nbsp;million in unmarked bills in a car, Richie resists temptation and turns the money in. His rare honesty makes him a hated member of his precinct, causing his partner to be exiled from the force, while Richie\'s rampant womanizing behavior and undercover double life leads his wife to seek a divorce and custody of their son. After his exiled partner dies from overdosing on "Blue Magic", a relatively new and powerful type of heroin being sold for less money than its drug competition, Richie\'s honesty catches him a break when his superior Captain Lou Toback  puts him in charge of a newly created task force to stop major drug trafficking in Essex County, New Jersey by going after the actual supplier, rather than the middle-men. Richie handpicks honest cops and gets to work on finding who is supplying Blue Magic. Blue Magic is being supplied by Frank Lucas, who took over Bumpy\'s gang. After hearing a TV report referring to the cheaper drugs supplied to servicemen in Vietnam, Lucas decided to cut out the middle-man and buy his drugs directly from the producers in Thailand. By cutting out the middle-man, Frank is able to provide a higher quality product at a cheaper price than his rivals, eventually wholesaling drugs to most of the dealers in the New York area, while making his tracking by the authorities more difficult. He smuggles his drugs into the country by way of the US military involved in the Vietnam War. He creates a brand drug “Blue Magic” and with a great monopoly on quality product, Frank quickly makes a fortune and buys several nightclubs and apartments. He moves his family from North Carolina to New Jersey, where he purchases a large estate for his humble mother. His five brothers are enlisted as his gang lieutenants in the drug trade – forming “The Country Boys” - who work together to traffic and sell dope on New York area streets. During his rise, Frank meets and falls in love with Eva, a Puerto Rican beauty queen. Through his discipline, intelligence, organization, power, and willingness to kill everyone who stands in his way, Frank quickly rises to the top of the Harlem drug and crime scene as the biggest gang leader and drug dealer. As Frank\'s business prospers, he makes a point of operating quietly and dressing with a modest conservatism both as a sign of strength and to avoid attracting the attention of the law. However, Frank disregards this habit for his soon-to-be wife for one ostentatious night out, attending the Fight of the Century between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier, in a gaudy chinchilla fur coat and hat, along with a ringside seat. As it happens, Roberts is on duty observing the event and sees this unknown, but obviously wealthy person associating with high-level criminals, as well as having better seats than the Italian Mafia high-stake Dons. Roberts becomes suspicious, and he begins to investigate this, unknown to him but well-known to the criminals, figure in New York organized crime. Even as Frank realizes he has exposed himself to police scrutiny, he must make deals with the Mafia, in this case Lucchese crime family Mob boss Dominic Cattano , and fend off corrupt NYPD detectives, such as Det. Nick Trupo , who attempt to extort and threaten him. Trupo interrupts Frank as he and his new wife are heading to their honeymoon. In retaliation Frank has Trupo\'s prized 1966 Shelby Mustang GT350-H<ref namehttp://www.imcdb.org/vehicle_115217-Shelby-GT-350-H-1966.html|titleJune 28, 2012}}  bombed before his eyes. Frank must also contend with local crime figure called Nicky Barnes , who is taking some of Frank\'s product, diluting it himself, and selling it under Frank\'s "Blue Magic" brand name. Unidentified assassins try to kill Frank & his wife, further destabilizing him and threatening his marriage. Things take a turn for the worse when the Fall of Saigon cuts off Frank\'s supply. His Kuomintang supplier sympathetically tells him "Quitting while you are ahead...is not the same as quitting." Richie catches another break when his men witness Frank\'s cousin shooting a woman. They use the driver’s predicament to get him to wear a wire. The wire allows Richie and his task force to discover when a plane carrying drugs is landing. The plane is a C-130 carrying some of the last U.S. Soldiers returning from Vietnam. Richie has his men search everyone and everything literally tearing the plane apart and even looking in the coffins of dead soldiers. Richie is ordered to cease his search by a Federal agent, who dismisses the influence of Frank and his "negro"-run drug family. Meanwhile, Trupo and his men break into Frank\'s mansion and steals his emergency cash supply, as well as kill his German Shepherd dog. Frank initially sets out to kill Trupo, but his mother manages to dissuade him. Richie and his men continue observing the plane\'s contents and follow the drugs into Newark\'s projects and obtain a warrant. A huge group of police and detectives attack the drug apartments en masse and a large shootout ensues. Steve Lucas, Frank\'s nephew , who gave up a promising baseball career with the New York Yankees to work for his uncle, is shot in the shootout. Frank is at the church when the bust goes down, but he is arrested after the service ends. Richie meets with Frank and makes it clear to him that he has enough evidence to put him away for the rest of his life. He then tells Frank that he has a chance of doing a shorter term in jail if he helps him in the case. With no other options, Frank decides to provide names of dirty cops working for the NYPD. Numerous cops are arrested, and a distraught Trupo commits suicide with his revolver to avoid arrest. Richie, having passed the bar exam, prosecutes Frank. In the end, three quarters of the New York Drug Enforcement Agency are arrested and convicted. Once convicted, Lucas provides evidence that leads to more than 100 further drug-related convictions. In 1977, Lucas and his family are placed in the witness protection program, hiding somewhere in the country. Frank has his Federal and state term reduced four years later in 1981, and in 1984 is caught and convicted of trying to exchange one ounce of heroin and $13,000 for one kilogram of cocaine. He is defended by his former prosecutor, Richie Roberts, now a criminal defense attorney, and receives a sentence of seven years. At the film’s end, Frank steps out of jail in 1991, significantly older and out of place, now just a normal man. In a post-credits scene, he pulls out a gun and shoots "the camera".'] ['The film intertwines several unsettling stories of people in a Manhattan neighborhood ravaged by crack cocaine.Six Immigrating to "Cracktown": www.aceshowbiz.com/news/view/00007693.html Romeo, a 14-year-old criminal, leads his gang into robbing and torturing a very sick pensioner, and then steps up to doing a murder-for-hire at the behest of a local drug dealer, unaware of the enormous risks. Manny and Concetta, a young couple, are desperately trying to rise out of poverty and care for their sick baby. Manny works two jobs - the front desk of a drug-riddled flop house by day and the cash register of a frequently-robbed bodega at night. It hardly matters that he is working so hard because the baby\'s non-stop crying will not allow him to sleep. Another young couple, Marybeth and Benny, are both drug addicts, and Marybeth is actually a pre-op transexual named Mickey. Marybeth makes a bit of money as a street prostitute, and Benny is into very low-paying burglaries. Their principal source of drugs is a well-off transexual named Ridley, who is looking to follow in Marybeth\'s footsteps. Young Willy and younger Susie are the much-neglected children of an addict named Mommy, who makes them sleep on the floor of their one room apartment. Mommy\'s current boyfriend, a hot-tempered addict named Chaz, makes the children beg on the street for his drug money. Willy\'s one bright spot is neighbor child Melody, whose mother pimps her out every night. When Chaz and Mommy leave the children behind while they embark on a drug-fueled quest to get more drug money from a relative of Chaz, and Melody is picked up by the police. Willy, meanwhile, is sent on a wild goose chase by Betty, an aging prostitute who enjoys tormenting her neighbors. The movie dramatizes  about half the stories in the 1993 book of the same name.'] ['Abe Reles  and Bug Workman , two killers from Brooklyn\'s Brownsville district, meet in the Garment District to meet with Louis "Lepke" Buchalter, kingpin of an organized crime mob, who hires them as the syndicate\'s hit men. Reles continues to carry out assassinations at Lepke\'s direction. Reles reconciles with the couple by giving them a luxurious apartment filled with stolen goods. Under police pressure, Lepke hides out from the police at Joey and Eadie\'s new apartment. He treats Eadie like a maid. Turkus puts Joey and Reles in protective custody and hides them at the Half Moon Hotel in Coney Island. Eadie comes to visit Joey and is murdered nearby. Later that night, Reles is thrown out the window by an assassin. Joey avenges his wife\'s death by testifying against Lepke, who is executed.'] ["Mr. Colbert, a wealthy man from Chicago who was planning to build a factory in Sparta, Mississippi, is found murdered. White police Chief Bill Gillespie  comes under pressure to quickly find his killer. African-American northerner Virgil Tibbs , passing through, is picked up at the train station between trains with a substantial amount of cash in his wallet. Gillespie, prejudiced against blacks, jumps to the conclusion he has his culprit but is embarrassed to learn that Tibbs is an experienced Philadelphia homicide detective who had been visiting his mother. After the racist treatment he receives, Tibbs wants nothing more than to leave as quickly as possible, but his own chief, after questioning whether Tibbs himself is prejudiced, has him stay and help. The victim's widow, already frustrated by the ineptitude of the local police, is impressed by Tibbs' expertise when he clears another wrongly-accused suspect Gillespie has arrested on circumstantial evidence. She threatens to stop construction on the much-needed factory unless he leads the investigation. Unwilling to accept help but under orders from the town's mayor, Gillespie talks a reluctant Tibbs into working on the case. Despite the rocky start to their relationship, the two policemen are compelled to respect each other as they are forced to work together to solve the crime. Tibbs initially suspects wealthy plantation owner Eric Endicott, who opposed the new factory. When he attempts to interrogate Endicott about Colbert, Endicott slaps him in the face. Tibbs slaps him back, which leads to Endicott sending a gang of hooligans after Tibbs. Gillespie rescues him from the fight and orders him to leave town for his own safety. Tibbs refuses to leave until he has solved the case. Tibbs asks Sam Wood, the officer who discovered the body, to retrace his steps the night of the murder. He and Gillespie accompany Sam on his patrol route, stopping at a diner where the counterman, Ralph Henshaw, refuses to serve Tibbs. When Tibbs notices that Sam has deliberately changed his route, Gillespie begins to suspect Sam of the crime. When he discovers that Sam made a sizable deposit into his bank account the day after the murder  and Lloyd Purdy, a local, files charges against Sam for getting his 16-year-old sister Delores pregnant, Gillespie arrests Sam for the murder, despite Tibbs' protests. Purdy is insulted that Tibbs, a black man, was present for his sister's interrogation about her sexual encounter with Sam, and he gathers a mob to get his revenge on Tibbs. Tibbs is able to clear Sam by finding the original murder scene and pointing out that Sam would not have been able to drive two cars at the same time to dump the body and the victim's car while continuing on his patrol. Acting on a hunch, he tracks down the local back-room abortionist, who reveals that someone has paid for Delores Purdy to have an abortion. When Delores arrives, Tibbs pursues her outside, where he is confronted by the murderer, the diner counterman Ralph Henshaw. Purdy's mob tracks down Tibbs at this moment, and he is being held at gunpoint when he proves to Purdy that it was Ralph, not Sam, who got Delores pregnant. Purdy attacks Ralph, who kills Purdy in self-defense. Ralph is arrested and confesses to the murder of Colbert. He had attempted to rob Colbert to gain money to pay for Delores' abortion but accidentally killed him. His job done, Tibbs finally boards the Gulf, Mobile & Ohio train out of town, seen off by a more respectful Gillespie."] ['In the middle of the Great Depression, Clyde Barrow  and Bonnie Parker  meet when Clyde tries to steal Bonnie\'s mother\'s car. Bonnie, who is bored by her job as a waitress, is intrigued with Clyde, and decides to take up with him and become his partner in crime. They pull off some holdups, but their amateur efforts, while exciting, are not very lucrative. The duo\'s crime spree shifts into high gear once they hook up with a dim-witted gas station attendant, C.W. Moss , then with Clyde\'s older brother Buck  and his wife, Blanche , a preacher\'s daughter. The women dislike each other on first sight, and their feud only escalates from there: shrill Blanche has nothing but disdain for Bonnie, Clyde and C.W., while gun-moll Bonnie sees Blanche\'s flighty presence as a constant danger to the gang\'s well-being. Bonnie and Clyde turn from pulling small-time heists to robbing banks. Their exploits also become more violent. When C.W. botches a bank robbery by parallel parking the getaway car, Clyde shoots the bank manager in the face after he jumps onto the slow-moving car\'s running board. The gang is pursued by law enforcement, including Texas Ranger Frank Hamer , who is captured and humiliated by the outlaws, then set free. A raid later catches the outlaws off guard, mortally wounding Buck with a gruesome shot to his head and injuring Blanche. Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. barely escape with their lives. With Blanche sightless and in police custody, Hamer tricks her into revealing C.W.\'s name, who was up until now still only an "unidentified suspect." Hamer locates Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. hiding at the house of C.W.\'s father Ivan Moss , who thinks the couple — and an ornate tattoo — have corrupted his son. He strikes a bargain with Hamer: in exchange for leniency for the boy, he helps set a trap for the outlaws. When Bonnie and Clyde stop on the side of the road to help Mr. Moss fix a flat tire, the police in the bushes open fire and riddle them violently. Hamer and his posse then come out of hiding, looking pensively at the couple\'s bodies.'] ['Danny - a lonely factory worker intimidated by life - is battered and humiliated in front of his kids in a random act of violence. His already bleak existence sinks further into the abyss. On the verge of total breakdown, he decides to fight back. He meets a group of nightclub doormen who take him in and give him the confidence to stand his ground. As he is drawn deeper into their world, he becomes embroiled with the local gangland boss, setting in motion a chain of events with shockingly brutal consequences.'] ["The picture tells of two prison friends who cope with life outside jail after being paroled. Tito  and Castor  are two robbers whose failed scheme landed them in the Rosario prison for 30 years. Before being jailed, however, the duo stashed a whole lot of cash near the Paraná River. They plan on getting back to it as soon as they're released. Thirty years later, however, their insecurities and the pressures of being re-adjusted to society, threaten to ruin their perfect crime."] ["A young man  falls in love with a beautiful woman , but is prevented by his uncle  from pursuing her. Tormented by visions of death and suffering and deciding that murder is the way of things, the young man kills his uncle and builds a wall to hide the body. The young man's torment continues, this time caused by guilt over murdering his uncle, and he becomes sensitive to slight noises, like the tapping of a shoe or the crying of a bird. The ghost of his uncle begins appearing to him and, as he gradually loses his grip on reality, the police figure out what he has done and chase him down. In the ending sequence, we learn that the experience was all a dream and that his uncle is really alive."] ['A young man arrives in the small town of Monroe, Michigan where he finds a job in a department store. However he has an apparently irresistible urge to follow and observe fires. When there is a spate of arson attacks on the town, he becomes chief suspect.'] ['In an Italian neighborhood of Greenwich Village, cousins Charlie, a maître d\' with aspirations of someday owning his own restaurant, and Paulie, a schemer who works as a waiter, have expensive tastes but not much money. Paulie gets caught skimming checks, and he and Charlie are both fired. Now out of work and in debt, Charlie must find another way to pay his alimony, support his pregnant girlfriend Diane, and try to buy a restaurant. Paulie comes to Charlie with a "can\'t-miss" robbery, involving a large amount of cash in the safe of a local business. Charlie reluctantly agrees to participate, and they manage to crack the safe with help from an accomplice, Barney, a clock repairman and locksmith. But things go sour, resulting in the accidental death of police officer Bunky Ritter, who had been secretly taping "Bed Bug" Eddie Grant. Charlie soon learns that the money they stole belongs to Eddie. The mob figures out that Paulie is involved, and not even his Uncle Pete, part of Eddie\'s crew, can help him. One of Paulie\'s thumbs is severed as punishment. Diane leaves Charlie and takes his money to support their unborn child, while Paulie is forced to work as a waiter for Eddie. He gives the mob Barney\'s name but initially refuses to identify Charlie as the third man involved. However, under pressure, he is forced to rat on his cousin. Barney leaves town and Charlie mails him his cut of the loot. And when Charlie makes $20,000 on a horse, things begin to look up. Charlie prepares for a showdown with Eddie, armed with a copy of the tape that the police officer made. But at the last moment, Paulie puts lye in Eddie\'s coffee. Then he and Charlie casually walk away from Greenwich Village.'] ['Best friends Acerola and Laranjinha live in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro, and have been raised without their fathers. They are turning eighteen as a war between rival drug gangsIn late 2009, a real-life battle between gangs very similar to that in the film showed that City of Men was more reality-based than people had thought begins around them. Each discovers things about his missing father that will compromise their solid friendship.'] ['Henry Hill  admits, "As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster," referring to his idolizing the Lucchese crime family gangsters in his blue-collar, predominantly Italian-American neighborhood in East New York, Brooklyn in 1955. Wanting to be part of something significant, Henry quits school and goes to work for them. His Irish-American father tries to stop Henry after learning of his truancy, but the gangsters threaten the local postal carrier with dire consequences should he deliver any more letters from the school to Henry\'s house. Henry is able to make a living for himself, and learns the two most important lessons in life: "Never rat on your friends, and always keep your mouth shut," the advice given to him after being acquitted of criminal charges early in his career. Henry is taken under the wing of the local mob capo, Paul "Paulie" Cicero  and his associates, Jimmy "The Gent" Conway , who loves hijacking trucks, and Tommy DeVito , an aggressive armed robber with a hair-trigger temper. In late 1967 they commit the Air France Robbery, marking Henry\'s debut into the big time. Enjoying the perks of their criminal life, they spend most of their nights at the Copacabana with countless women. Henry meets and later marries Karen , a Jewish girl from the Five Towns. Karen is initially troubled by Henry\'s criminal activities, but is soon seduced by his glamorous lifestyle. When a neighbor assaults her for refusing his advances, Henry pistol-whips him in front of her. She feels aroused by the act, especially when Henry gives her the gun and tells her to hide it. On June 11, 1970, Tommy  brutally beats Billy Batts , a mobster with the Gambino crime family, for insulting him about being a shoeshine boy in his younger days. However, Batts was a made man, meaning that he could not be touched without the consent of his Gambino family bosses. Realizing that this was an offense that could get them all killed, Jimmy, Henry, and Tommy need to cover up the murder. They transport the body in the trunk of Henry\'s car and bury it upstate. Six months later Jimmy learns that the burial site will be developed, forcing them to exhume the decomposing corpse and move it. Henry begins to see a mistress named Janice Rossi , setting her up in an apartment. When Karen finds out, she goes to Janice\'s apartment building to confront her, but is not let in past the front door. She then confronts Henry, points a revolver at his face, and threatens to kill both of them, demanding to know if he loves Janice. Karen cannot bring herself to kill him and an enraged Henry threatens Karen with the gun and says he has bigger concerns, like being murdered on the streets. Henry goes to live in the apartment with Janice. Paulie soon directs him to return to Karen after completing a job for him; Henry and Jimmy are sent to collect from an indebted gambler in Florida, which they succeed at after beating him. However most of the crew are arrested after being turned in by the gambler\'s sister, a typist for the FBI. In prison, Henry sells drugs to support his family on the outside. Soon after he is released in 1978, the crew commits the Lufthansa heist at John F. Kennedy International Airport. Despite Paulie\'s warning to stop, Henry further establishes himself in the drug trade, convincing Tommy and Jimmy to join him. Jimmy has the other participants in the Lufthansa robbery killed after they ignore his command to not immediately buy expensive things with their share of the stolen money. Then Tommy is killed for the murder of Billy Batts, having been fooled into thinking that he is going to be made. By 1980, Henry is a nervous wreck from cocaine use and insomnia, as he tries to organize a drug deal with his associates in Pittsburgh. However, he is caught by narcotics agents and sent to jail. On his release, Karen tells him that she flushed $60,000 worth of cocaine down the toilet to prevent the FBI agents from finding it during their raid, leaving Henry and his family virtually penniless. Feeling Henry betrayed him by dealing drugs, Paulie gives Henry $3,200 and ends his association with him. Henry decides to enroll in the Witness Protection Program after realizing that Jimmy intends to have him killed. Forced out of his gangster life, he now has to face living in the real world: "I\'m an average nobody. I get to live the rest of my life like a schnook." Titles explain that Henry was subsequently arrested on drug charges in Seattle, Washington but has been clean since 1987. Paul Cicero died in Fort Worth Federal Prison of respiratory illness in 1988 at 73. Jimmy, as of 1990, was serving a 20-year-to-life sentence in a New York State prison.'] ['A war-veteran-turned-truck driver Nico "Nick" Garcos  arrives at home to find his foreign-born father, who is a farmer, crippled. He learns that his father was crippled at the hands of an amoral produce dealer in San Francisco, Mike Figlia . Garcos vows revenge. Garcos drives a truckload of apples to San Francisco, where he runs into Figlia. With the help of other drivers and a streetwalker , he defeats Figlia and restores his family honor.'] ['When New York journalist Jake Bridges  catches his girlfriend cheating on him, he travels to Atlantic City to drink away his troubles. Jake is saved from a bar brawl by small-time mobster Frankie . Jake befriends Frankie and eventually falls in love with his girlfriend Melissa . Jake then joins Frankie in his money-collecting duties, beginning a path leading to violence, betrayal, and restitution.'] ["{{Expand section}} The film, based on a story by former crime reporter Martin Mooney, is about a newspaper journalist who faces prison time because he refuses to name his sources. To complicate matters more, the reporter falls in love with the sister of one of the racketeers he's trying to take down."] ["In Manhattan, former gangster turned legitimate businessman Martin Martin ([[Pat O'Brien  has become the target of a politically ambitious district attorney, who has offered immunity for Martin's former partner in crime Dane Cory in exchange for his testimony. After being informed about the deal and narrowly escaping arrest, Martin pays a visit to Cory to persuade him not to testify. The meeting ends up with a shootout, with Martin killing one of Cory's henchmen and being hit himself before fleeing. With his picture on newspaper front pages and a reward on his head, Martin decides to hide in an abandoned house. While recovering to prepare a final assault on Cory, he adopts an injured dog that strays into his hideout and names him Johnny One-Eye."] ['In a small town in Brittany, a 10-year-old girl is found murdered. The last person to see her alive was her art teacher and professional artist René . He soon becomes the primary suspect in the murder investigation spearheded by the new chief of police Frédérique Lesage , which destroys his life as people in the small town believe that he is the killer although there is no hard evidence. René is completely dedicated to his wife , a nurse whose perpetual happy moodis the polar opposite of his personality. Meanwhile, Frederique becomes better acquainted with the eccentric residents of the town, including an arrogant television journalist , a small-time crook who fences stolen goods , and a bizarre pair of married shopkeepers (Ogier and .'] ['The film opens in the Bronx, where The Lieutenant  drops his two sons off at Catholic school. After they leave the car, and before he drives to work, the Lieutenant takes a few small bumps of cocaine. His first case is a double murder. He wanders away from the scene to get some coffee, and across the street, he watches a petty thief rifling through the trunks of parked cars, which the Lieutenant ignores. In the next scene, the detective approaches a group of drug dealers, who run off as he approaches. The Lieutenant follows one dealer into an apartment building and up the stairs. The dealer waits for him in the hallway, and the Lieutenant gives him a bag of drugs from a crime scene. The Lieutenant quickly smokes some crack, and then sets aside a portion of the drugs for himself. The thief promises to give him the money he makes from selling the drugs in a few days. At an apartment, the Lieutenant gets drunk and engages in a threesome with two women. Meanwhile, a nun  is raped in a church by two young hoodlums. In the hospital, the Lieutenant spies on her naked body as she is examined by the doctors, who explain that the two boys also raped her with objects like a crucifix. The Lieutenant listens to her statement, where she says she has no feelings of animosity towards her attackers. She sees the attack as an opportunity for God\'s grace to be bestowed on them. The next morning, the Lieutenant is passed out on the couch in his home as his two young daughters watch TV. His family comes to the table for breakfast, and he stirs. He immediately flips the TV to see the results of a National League Championship series between the Mets and the Dodgers. Realizing he has lost his bet, he stumbles out of the house. He tries to win back his money by doubling his wager on the next game in the series. The Mets have lost the first three games, and he is certain that the Dodgers will win again. His wager now stands at $30,000, more than he can afford to pay. As the film progresses, his drug use and drinking becomes more prolific and his behavior spins out of control. He is drinking and driving while he listens to the final moments of the next game in the pennant series. When the Dodgers lose again, he shoots out his car stereo. At another crime scene, he rifles through the car and finds some drugs which he stashes in his suit jacket. However, he is too impaired to secure the drugs, and they fall out onto the street. His colleagues look at him in horror, and he tries to play it off by instructing them to enter the drugs into evidence. At the First Communion of one of his children, he doubles his wager again on the series, bringing his potential losings to $60,000. The friend who places his bets for him urges him not to deepen his predicament, but the Lieutenant is positive that the Mets cannot continue to win, as no team has ever come back from three straight losses to begin a series. As his criminality deepens, the Lieutenant pulls over two young girls who have borrowed their father\'s car to go to a club. Without proper licenses, he forces the girls to strip and simulate oral sex while he masturbates. After the Mets win game 6 of the series, he tries to double his wager again. His friend refuses to make the wager, insisting that the bookie would kill him for nothing, and it would be suicidal to owe him $120,000. The Lieutenant is unwavering in his belief that the Mets cannot win the series, and he appears to heavily identify with Darryl Strawberry, whose at-bats are the only real action shown from the series. He calls the bookie to place the bet, and the bookie says he will think about taking it. Continuing his drug use, the Lieutenant picks up his $30,000 share from the drug dealer who sold the evidence he had stolen. He then goes to the church where the nun was raped and finds her kneeling in prayer before the altar. In a near-stupor from his drinking and drug use, he tells her that most cops would just run her attackers through the system but that if she will identify them he will give her justice, implying that he will kill them for her. She repeats that she has forgiven them already then gets up and leaves the lieutenant alone on his knees at the altar. The lieutenant suffers an emotional breakdown. He sees the crucified Christ standing in the aisle of the church and, in tears, begins to hurl curses at him before finally confessing his own weakness and begging forgiveness for his crimes. He crawls to the figure before him and kisses the bloody feet only to look up and see a woman holding a gold chalice. The woman tells him that the two rapists pawned the chalice at her husband\'s store. The Lieutenant then tracks down the two rapists and cuffs them together. He holds them at gunpoint and then has them light a crack pipe which he then smokes with them as they watch the Mets make their historic comeback and win the pennant. Instead of booking the two rapists, he takes them to the Port Authority and puts them on a bus with the cigar box containing the $30,000. He insists that they take the bus and never come back to New York City. After he leaves the terminal, he parks on the street. Another car drives up beside him, and a voice yells, "Hey, cop!" before several shots ring out. The film closes as bystanders realize the Lieutenant has been murdered and start to gather around his car.'] ['As John Allen, a condemned murderer, is led to the electric chair, a witness asks a guard how long it takes for the condemned person to die. "Two seconds," the guard answers, "the longest two seconds of his life." As the executioner throws the switch, the events that led up to the execution appear in flashback. Allen worked with his friend and flatmate Bud Clark as a riveter high on the girders of a skyscraper under construction. Bud is engaged to be married, and tries to set up a date for Allen, but Allen is uninterested. He goes to a dance hall, where he meets dancer Shirley Day. He defends her from an amorous patron, and she is fired by Tony, the proprietor who is also her lover. Allen wants to be with an educated woman, and Shirley pretends to be interested in attending a lecture with him. Instead, she persuades him to go to a speakeasy and she gets him drunk on "tea". She bribes a justice of the peace to marry them; Allen is too drunk to realize what is happening. When they return to Allen\'s apartment, Shirley throws Bud out. Almost immediately, Shirley begins seeing Tony. When, three weeks after the marriage, Bud tells Allen that Shirley is unfaithful they fight, and Bud falls to his death from a skyscraper girder. The grief-stricken Allen then quits his job, but is demoralized by living on Shirley\'s ill-gotten money. Later Shirley pretends to repent and tells Allen that she has been meeting with Tony to borrow money to help Bud\'s fiancee Annie get a job at the dance hall. Allen begins betting on horses in order to pay off the debts Shirley owes Tony. One of his bets pays off $362 and Allen heads to Tony\'s house with the money, only to find Shirley in Tony\'s arms. He realizes that Bud had been telling the truth, and Shirley had been lying to him. Jealous, he kills Shirley and is sentenced to the electric chair. At his trial Allen refuses all defenses saying he should have been killed when he was at his lowest, not when he had been avenged. As the switch is pulled, Allen reflects on how he got away with Bud Clark\'s accidental death, but was condemned for Shirley\'s murder.'] ['In 1975, a young bourgeois woman falls in love with a bank robber. She follows him and his partner on the run after a bank heist resulted in a death and hostage taking. Using fake IDs, they leave Paris and travel to Spain, Morocco, and Greece.'] ['Anderson  is a successful American hitman whose employer sends him to do a job in Argentina. His contacts inform him that his target is a former general. Things are not as easy as they seem. A paranoid Anderson simultaneously rents a room in two different hotels. From the safety but close proximity of one hotel room, he witnesses police converge on the other hotel. Anderson will fulfill his obligation to do the job despite the obvious reality that there is a leak. We witness the conspirator Miguel  being harshly interrogated by Buenos Aires police. Miguel can eventually breathe a sigh of relief when his conspirator within the Argentinian federal authorities shows up. Anderson  eventually makes it out of Argentina safely. The character of Jo-Jo is a small supporting role played by Frank Cassavetes, a son of the late director John Cassavetes and actress Gena Rowlands.'] ["Max Dembo , lifelong thief, is released from a six-year stint in prison and forced to report to a boorish and condescending parole officer, Earl . One of the conditions of parole is that Max find a job. At the employment agency, he meets Jenny Mercer , who helps him land scale-wage work at a can factory. Jenny accepts his invitation to dinner, where it's clear that she is smitten by this worldly and seemingly gentle ex-con. Earl pays a surprise visit to Max's room, finding a book of matches that Max's friend Willy  recently used to cook heroin. Although Max clearly has no track marks or other signs of drug abuse, he is handcuffed and dragged back to jail, out of a job and a home. Jenny visits him and gives him her number to call when he gets out. After blood tests prove he's clean, Max is picked up by a smug Earl, who feels he actually gave Max a break by not pursuing the fact that someone had been using drugs in his place of residence, which would result in three more years in prison. During their car ride to a halfway house, Earl pushes Max to name the user. Max, realizing he will never get a break, decides to pummel Earl, take control of his car, and handcuff him to a highway divider fence with his pants around his ankles. This stunt makes a straight life impossible. Max returns to a life of crime, robbing a Korean grocery store and planning bigger heists with some willing old accomplices. After successfully robbing a bank together, Max and his friend Jerry  decide to up the ante and clean out a Beverly Hills jewelry store. The job is botched when Max takes too long in trying to steal everything. Willy, acting as getaway driver, panics and takes off, leaving Max and Jerry to flee on foot as police convene on the store. Jerry is shot and dies, while Max shoots a police officer. Max escapes with the loot, settles the score with Willy by killing him, and escapes L.A. with a loyal Jenny by his side. Outside the city limits, though, Max has second thoughts as to their prospects on the lam. He decides to leave Jenny at a gas station for her own good, telling her he will be caught no matter what as he drives away."] ['Army officer Charlie Mason meets beautiful Maison Lafitte hostess Jackie . She tells him the story of the decline of her marriage with the charming but unbalanced Robert Manette. When her husband kills a bookie his controlling mother tries to cover it up. When he is caught she and her son blame Abigail. Abigail, feeling guilty when her husband receives a life sentence, becomes a bar hostess. Meanwhile, Robert escapes from jail and comes to see Abigail, but he is shot by police and dies in her arms, leaving her to start again with Charlie Mason.'] ['Tommy Gibbs  is an African-American who grew up in Harlem, New York City. As a kid, he was brutally assaulted by a racist white cop. The incident led him to a life of crime. As an adult, he joins New York mafia and becomes the head of a black crime syndicate in Harlem. He wages a gang war with the Italian mobsters of New York City and begins to establish a criminal empire. Later on, he meets and falls in love with a beautiful black woman named Helen  and marries her.'] ["The seemingly random murder of their adoptive mother, Evelyn Mercer , in a convenience store brings four brothers from Detroit, Michigan back home to find out what happened. Originally under the impression the crime was a simple robbery-gone-wrong, the brothers soon discover that the robbery was merely a cover for what was, in fact, a hit put out on Evelyn. After this revelation, Bobby , Angel , Jeremiah  and Jack Mercer  track down the hired guns who killed Evelyn. Refusing to say anything, they are unceremoniously executed by Bobby and Angel. The next day, Detroit Police Lieutenant Green  and Detective Fowler  confront the brothers about the murders. Lieutenant Green warns them that their interference with Evelyn’s case is ill advised, and that it will eventually put them in over their heads. After confronting Jeremiah, the brothers are treated to a somewhat different version of events. Jeremiah informs them that his construction company was failing precisely because he was not getting involved with Victor Sweet, and that for a project to succeed he had to pay off the right people, which he initially failed to do. In his effort to restore his business and relieve pressure from himself, he tried to pay off Sweet's henchmen. As for the life insurance, Jeremiah explains that the money went directly to him for his daughters, because he paid all of Evelyn's bills while his other brothers were not around. Back at their home, Sweet’s men attack the brothers. Jack dies from gunshot wounds during the attack. In a rage, Bobby finds one of the gunmen still alive and executes him. When Lt. Green arrives, he tells them not to worry, and assures them it will go down as self-defense. He also informs them that Evelyn filed a police report regarding Victor Sweet and his involvement in Jeremiah's affairs, and his partner, Detective Fowler, passed on that report to Sweet. Green warns the brothers to stay out of the matter and let him handle Fowler and then they will work together on Sweet. Later at a bar Green confronts Fowler, hitting him and ordering Fowler to hand in his badge. They walk out of the bar, and Fowler kills Green and calls it into dispatch claiming two assailants had fired upon Green. Meanwhile, the remaining brothers devise a plan to buy Victor Sweet off with the $400,000 from their mother's life insurance. When Sweet accepts, Angel sets off for Fowler's. Arriving at Fowler's, he subdues him. Jeremiah then goes to meet Sweet, while Angel's girlfriend, Sofi, heads to the police station, where she tells the police that Angel is planning to kill a police officer. Hearing the sirens in the distance, Fowler thinks they are coming for Angel, until Angel removes his jacket showing a wire however, with no receiver. Angel claims the whole conversation was taped. The police arrive at Fowler's in full force, and Fowler gets the upper hand on Angel. With a gun pointed to Angel’s head, Fowler admits that he killed Lieutenant Green. Fowler tells the police to back off. Fowler opens fire on the officers outside, who return fire and kill him. Meanwhile, Jeremiah meets with Sweet. Sweet asks who will be the one to kill him just as Bobby shows up. Bobby and Sweet brawl, resulting in Bobby knocking Sweet unconscious. His former henchmen seal his fate after he is dropped in a hole carved into the ice. The three brothers, now in police custody, are beaten in an attempt to make them confess to the murder of Victor Sweet, which they do not. Back home, they set about repairing their mother's house, and continuing their lives together."] ["A man begins to investigate on his own the death of his brother, who died from eating a hamburger laced with ground glass. With the police case stalled because of ineptness, the man's own investigation leads him toward a beatnik hang-out frequented by Nico , a shady character who supplies drugs to the patrons and philosophizes about the ills of the world."] ['Chicago, 1919: A young Al Capone arrives to work for mob boss Johnny Torrio. He meets Torrio\'s top man, "Big Jim" Colosimo, who runs business and politics in the First Ward while secretly on Torrio\'s payroll. Prohibition is enacted a year later, causing Torrio and other gangsters like Dini O\'Bannion, George "Bugs" Moran and Earl "Hymie" Weiss to compete for profits in bootleg liquor and beer. Torrio\'s rivals conspire to have Colosimo and his henchmen killed. A reform mayor is elected, so Torrio and Capone change their base of operations to Cicero, a few miles away. Capone also has O\'Bannion killed and makes a play for Maureen Flannery, the widow of one of Colosimo\'s men. Weiss and Moran return the favor by ordering Torrio to be shot. Capone retaliates by knocking off Weiss and forcing merchants throughout the city to pay for "protection." A sergeant in the Chicago police, Schaefer, is promoted to captain and vows to end the bloodshed and extortion and put Scarface Capone behind bars. With the heat on from the cops, a crooked newspaperman named Keely tries to bribe Schaefer but fails. So he persuades Capone to move to Florida until things cool down. From a safe distance, Capone masterminds the St. Valentine\'s Day Massacre, with several of Moran\'s men gunned down in a Chicago garage. Capone and Moran call a truce, but when he learns Keely has been helping a Moran plot to kill him, Capone ends the reporter\'s life instead. Maureen finally has her fill of Capone\'s corruption and violence, while Schaefer and the feds find a way to finally put Capone away -- on charges of tax evasion, earning him 11 years at Alcatraz.'] ['As newspaper editor Jim Austin prepares his testimony before the Committee, the story flashes back to the events which led to his testifying. Mob boss Murray Sirak has the entire police force of Austin\'s small town under his thumb. Sirak takes his orders from an unseen "untouchable" Mister Big. Austin is driven to investigate corruption after Clyde Nelson, a local private detective, working on an apparently harmless divorce case, discovers the existence of a big-time gambling syndicate operating with the consent of the city fathers, the local police, and the respectable elements of the community. Nelson is killed in a hit-and-run which appears to be an accident. Austin thinks otherwise because he is harassed by police when he looks into the PI\'s death.'] ["A young couple in love – Watty Watts  and Starlene , – are planning a successful convenience store robbery. The next day they are paid a visit by two collectors for a local mobster who Watty has borrowed money from to buy an engagement ring for Starlene. They are called Creepy Cody and Dinosaur Bob, and they inform Watty that he must get the money very soon. This is followed by a visit by Watts' drug-addicted former prison buddy, Billy Mack Black , who has a plan for a big score. Against the wishes of Starlene, Watty goes along with the plot and the robbery fails, leading to the stoned clerk being shot and killed by Billy, though they do clear the safe of the money. Following the murder Billy pulls his gun on Watty and forces him to go to a restaurant to eat breakfast, where Billy again pulls his gun on Watty. Fearing for his life, Watty attacks Billy with a fork and escapes. He then returns to his trailer and Starlene, asks her to marry him and tells her they have to flee to Mexico. They are then paid a visit by two police officers, who try to kill them as revenge for the murder and robbery. Starlene manages to shoot one of the officers, who accidentally shoots the other one, and the couple escape. They then make their way toward Mexico pursued by Billy Mack, Bob and Creepy and the police. The two are romanticized in the crime obsessed media and become celebrities. On the way they stop in to see Starlene's parents, , who are later found by Billy, Bob and Creepy, leading to a violent showdown in which all are killed except Billy. Billy catches up with Watty and Starlene and the three of them cross into Mexico together. There the three engage in a showdown in which Starlene eventually kills Billy by injecting him with an overdose of high-powered speed. The two lovers take some liquid LSD given to them by Starlene's father and drive off into the sunset to start a new life."] ["Present day New York City: Sean MacArthur  is a street hustler. One day while selling counterfeit goods at the corner of Radio City Music Hall, a group of young men attempt to force Sean to relocate with his merchandise. These boys work for Harvey Boarden , a ticket scalper who controls the corner. Sean fights them off, but does not retain his money or products. Later, Sean sees Harvey and the guys who stole his money in a cafe and confronts them. Harvey gives him his money back and offers him a chance to a 'winner takes all' fight for money. Harvey sets up a meeting with his friend and rival, Martinez . Sean's first fight is at a Brooklyn church against a Russian. He wins when he knocks the Russian into a water fountain. Harvey takes Sean to a club where he meets a waitress named Zulay , a single mother to whom Sean had earlier tried to sell a fake Chinese Harry Potter book. In the VIP area to the club, Sean also meets Evan Hailey , a professional fighter who used to be on the same college team as Sean, and was coached by Sean's father. Sean and Harvey leave after Evan and Sean nearly get into a fight. Sean's second fight is at the back of a store in the Bronx, against a much larger opponent. The fight descends into chaos after interference from some of Harvey's crew when the opponent nearly chokes Sean, and the woman who owns the store pulls out a gun because one of the guys spills her drink. Harvey, Sean, and the rest of Harvey's crew flee the scene and neither fighter gets paid. For his third fight, Sean and the crew go to a penthouse. Sean wins the third fight. Between fights, Sean meets Zulay a few times, and they eventually have sex. Sean and Zulay are visited by Harvey and Sean is furious, suspecting Zulay and Harvey of having sexual relations. Harvey explains that Zulay places bets for him. Sean and Harvey are offered a fight against Evan, and Sean accepts, but Harvey wants him to throw the fight so that Martinez and his associates can make money. Sean agrees to throw the fight. Zulay places the bets, a total of $500,000. Sean and Evan fight, with Zulay, Harvey, and the rest of the crew watching. Evan has Sean in a choke hold and it appears that Sean is about to throw the fight; however, he fights back and overpowers Evan. Sean beats Evan and Martinez threatens Harvey. At Harvey's apartment, Sean reveals Zulay reversed the bets and they have one million dollars. Zulay picks up Sean and Harvey and they leave New York with Zulay's daughter and grandmother."] ['Johnny Eager  masquerades as a taxi driver for his gullible parole officer, A.J. Verne , but in reality, he is the ruthless head of a powerful gambling syndicate. Verne introduces him to socialite Lisbeth "Liz" Bard, a sociology student. Johnny and Liz are attracted to each other, but then he discovers that she is the stepdaughter of his longtime nemesis, John Benson Farrell ([[Edward Arnold . As a crusading prosecutor, Farrell was responsible for sending Johnny to prison, and now as the district attorney, he has gotten an injunction preventing Johnny\'s expensive dog racing track from opening. Johnny decides to use Liz as leverage against her stepfather. When she comes to see him, he has Julio ([[Paul Stewart , one of his underlings, burst in and pretend to try to kill him. During the faked struggle, Julio drops his gun. Lisbeth picks it up and shoots Julio when he seems to have the upper hand. Johnny then hustles her out of the room before she can realize that the gun is full of blanks and Julio\'s blood is actually ketchup. Later, Johnny threatens to expose her as a murderer unless Farrell removes the injunction. Farrell gives in. Johnny is depicted as a man without a conscience. When childhood friend Lew Rankin  gets fed up with his subordinate role in the gang and starts plotting against him, Johnny murders him without the slightest qualm. He lies to his devoted girlfriend Garnet  to get her to go to Florida while he romances Liz. Mae , a prior girlfriend, asks him to help get her incorruptible policeman husband transferred back to his old precinct because his long commute is straining their marriage. Johnny not only lies, claiming he no longer has any influence, he also hides the fact that he got the man transferred in the first place because he would not look the other way. When Jimmy Courtney , Liz\'s high society former boyfriend, becomes alarmed because Liz is going to pieces due to a guilty conscience, he offers Johnny all his money to leave the country and take Liz with him. Johnny cannot figure out his "angle", why he would do such a selfless thing. In fact, the only soft spot Johnny seems to have is for his intellectual, alcoholic right hand man, Jeff Hartnett , and even he is not sure why. Jeff has an insight, telling his boss that "even Johnny Eager has to have one friend." However, when Johnny learns that Liz intends to turn herself in, he discovers the meaning of love for the first time in his life. He confesses to her that he staged the whole incident, but she does not believe him. To prove his claim, he decides to produce a live Julio, but Julio has defected to Johnny\'s dissatisfied partner, Bill Halligan . Johnny manages to bring Julio  to Liz, but in the process, touches off a gunfight with Halligan and his men. He kills Halligan and Julio, but is himself shot down by a policeman on his way home after his shift, who in a twist of fate turns out to be Mae\'s husband.'] ["In 1871, six convicts escape from a Carson City prison. A posse loses them in a mountain blizzard, and after the posse turn back, the convicts continue on foot and one of the fugitives freezes to death. The 5 remaining are Canfield, Greer, Cockerell, Anderson and Maxwell. They make it to a lake called Monte Diablo, where five women live in a settlement while their men are away prospecting for silver. Granny is the elder, watching over Marcia, Rachel, Harriet and Barbara. Frightened by these men who arrive at night, the women however permit them to use an empty cabin. Granny hides guns where the unarmed men can't find them and they soon realise that the men are escaped convicts. In exposition, it becomes clear that Canfield  has returned to this small town for a reason and the other convicts suspect that he has money hidden somewhere in the small settlement. Canfield, we learn, had been convicted of killing a mine owner, Morgan, and $40,000 had gone missing, unfound after the murder. Canfield learns that the local woman Marcia  to whom he is attracted, is engaged to be married to a man named Rudy Schaeffer. It was Rudy Schaeffer whose testimony led to Canfield being sent to the penitentiary. Canfield claims it was Rudy behind the robbery, that Rudy took the $40,000 and unfairly swore testimony against Canfield, who then reveals that he has returned to the town to seek revenge and kill Schaeffer. Marcia finds it hard to accept his version of events, a damning version against her fiancé, while at the same time she is attracted to Canfield. A barn catches fire due to Rachel's carelessness and the convicts help put it out. The women are grateful and treat them more kindly. Canfield seems the most decent. The other four plot to get firearms and escape as soon as there is a thaw in the frigid cold, as they continue to suspect that Canfield has returned here for the missing money they. too, want to find. In private conversation it is revealed they have no compunction in killing Canfield once they have all that they want. Meanwhile, the men of the town are returning from their silver prospecting and stop in a saloon along the way. Rudy Schaeffer spots a wanted poster identifying Canfield and the other fugitives as escapees. He and his men head back on horseback to the lake and their families. Meanwhile, Greer has worked his charms on Rachel  and she reveals to Greer where the hidden guns are. He, Cockerell and Anderson burst in on Granny, remove her from her bed and find them under her mattress. Marcia meanwhile, terrified that her fiancé is targeted for a revenge killing, rides out of the small settlement to raise the alarm, but is followed by Canfield who eventually catches her settling down to camp for the night in a cave. He convinces her that he is indeed an innocent, good man. She believes him and tries to talk him out of his revenge plot. He says that the mine owner Morgan had swindled him out of the money, that he had come to talk to Morgan about it. Morgan had pulled a gun on him, they had scuffled and the gun had gone off accidentally, killing Morgan. Rudy had witnessed this, but in order to get the money had falsely testified that Canfield had killed Morgan in cold blood. Canfield and Marcia kiss and both then plan to return to the settlement in the morning. Maxwell, the younger convict, who is revealed to have been in jail for being a psycho woman killer is attracted to the youngest, Barbara, and takes her on a long walk and tries to kiss her. Barbara resists, but when she does, he starts to get agitated and attacks her. Canfield, returning to the settlement on horseback with Marcia hears Barbara's cries and goes to help her. In arriving to assist, Canfield sees Maxwell pull a knife, about to stab Barbara when Canfield lurches in and fights him, getting stabbed in the shoulder. Barbara escapes screaming and runs through the clearing towards the group of other women who are out looking for her, some carrying pitchforks. Canfield, stabbed, cannot chase Maxwell, who runs after Barbara through the trees like the lunatic he is, waving his knife. Unfortunately he runs into the women with their pitchforks and they kill him. Back at the settlement, Marcia confronts Rachel and tells her that her fiancé Rudy  may very well have been guilty of the robbery and not Canfield. Rachel has looked for the missing $40,000 and found it in a trunk belonging to Rudy. She gives it to Marcia who then takes it and gives it to Greer, extolling him to leave them all alone and go. Rudy Schaeffer and his men arrive back in the small town and confront the convicts who are attempting to escape. In a gunfight, Cockerell and Anderson are shot. Greer flees and runs up a mountain, the $40,000 flying from his pants in the wind. He stops to try and pick it up and is shot, falling from a ledge on a high cliff to his death. Canfield finally comes up behind Rudy Schaeffer and holds a gun on him, telling him to confess to all the others about the true story of the robbery and the mine owner's death. Marcia runs up behind screaming, scared about what is about to occur. As Canfield turns to see her, Rudy spins around and pulls a gun. However, Canfield turns back and kills Schaeffer in self-defense. Soon after, the townsfolk are standing around 5 graves.  They all see a posse arriving on horseback in the distance. Marcia pleads with them all to tell the Sheriff when he arrives that Canfield is innocent and killed Rudy in self defence. Rachel wants to turn Canfield in for killing her brother, whether he meant to or not, since he had returned to the town initially with the sole purpose of killing Rudy. The others all think that Canfield should go to trial and let a jury decide. Marcia pleads again that the only fair trial he will receive is here and now. When the sheriff arrives, he walks in on the end of the burial ceremony and sees the 5 graves. He says to Granny that he is looking for 5 convicts, . She points to the five graves and says that the convicts are buried, not revealing that Rudy is in one of the graves rather than Canfield. The Sheriff, believing Granny, then asks if anyone here wants to add anything or make a statement. One by one they all decline. The last person asked is Rachel. She hesitates, then quietly says she has nothing to add. Marcia and Canfield end up together as the posse leaves and the townsfolk file away."] ['Insurer Charles Desvallées lives in a beautiful house in the countryside near Paris with his wife Hélène and their young son. He works in the city in a leisurely job, often drinking and smoking. His wife often goes to Paris for shopping, beauty treatments and cinema sessions. By accident he discovers she was not at the hairdresser when she was meant to be. He gradually grows more suspicious about the way she employs her time and asks a private investigator to follow her. The embarrassed detective duly reports that his wife sees a writer called Victor Pégala, at his home in Neuilly-sur-Seine, several times a week. Hélène appears in bed with Pégala, exchanging titbits about their respective lives. The writer is divorced with two children. On a day his wife is busy hosting a birthday party for their son, Desvallées pays Pégala a visit. At first he tells the confused writer jovially that he and his wife have an open marriage and sits and talks pleasantly with him. He asks for a tour of the small flat. On seeing the bed his demeanour changes, as he pictures his wife there. He spots a giant cigarette lighter at the bedside. This had been a 3rd anniversary present to his wife from him. He starts to feel unwell and suddenly grabs a stone bust and kills Pégala with a violent blow to the head. Desvallée calms down and meticulously cleans up and removes all fingerprints. He then brings his car round near the back gate, bundles up the body, and drags it in broad daylight but in a quiet neighbourhood to the car, where he stuffs it in the boot. En route he is rear-ended by a van after braking distractedly. Desvallée nearly panics and hurries the formalities with the other driver as a crowd assembles and a policeman remarks that his boot is now jammed. He dumps the body into a murky pond where it takes an agonisingly long time to sink. A day or two later, Hélène is grumpy and unwell. Two detectives turn up in the daytime to interrogate her about Victor Pégala, who has been reported missing by his ex-wife. They have found her name and details in the missing man\'s address book. She is flustered and avoids giving direct answers as to how she knew Victor. In the evening, she mentions the disappearance to her husband, claiming Pegala was only a vague acquaintance. The detectives return and interrogate both Hélène and Charles, who denies having even heard of the man before. Hélène finds a photograph of Victor in her husband\'s jacket pocket with his name and address on the back. She looks as if she is going to confront him but she goes outside and burns it. Her emotions are difficult to read. In the final scene the family is in their garden when the two policemen walk up the drive. Charles tells Hélène that he "loves her madly" and goes to speak to the police. The camera then moves back to the wife and child, slowly panning until they disappear hidden by soft focus foliage as Charles is presumably taken away from them.'] ["Millie is a naive young woman who marries a wealthy man from New York. Three years later, we see her with her young daughter in an unhappy marriage. She finds that her husband betrays her and she gets a divorce. Because of her pride, she does not want his money and leaves her daughter with her ex-husband. Millie finds a job selling cigarettes in a hotel. She has many admirers and she likes to flirt but she prefers to live independently, not committing to any of her lovers. She gets a promotion and becomes financially independent. She falls in love with the reporter Tommy but when he cheats on her, too she becomes bitter and and over time withdraws from social life. Years later, Jimmy, a wealthy businessman and politician who always wanted to marry her but was rejected, still obsesses about Millie. He finds that she has a daughter Connie, now 16 years old and who looks very much like her. He befriends the family of Millie's ex-husband and plots to seduce Connie. Millie finds out that Jimmy has taken Connie to his remote lodge where he is about to take advantage of her naivete. Millie storms to the lodge, confronts Jimmy and kills him.  In the following murder trial, Millie tries to keep her daughter's name out of the press and claims not to remember what happened. Her friends however help to bring out the truth and the jury acquits Millie. In the end we see Millie reunited with her daughter and her estranged husband's family."] ['The movie begins in Atlanta federal penitentiary, where an aging prisoner named Joseph Valachi  is imprisoned for smuggling heroin. The boss of his crime family, Vito Genovese , is imprisoned there as well. Genovese is certain that Valachi is an informant, and gives him the "kiss of death." Valachi kisses him back. Valachi mistakenly kills a fellow prisoner who he wrongly thinks is a mob assassin. Told of the mistake by federal agents, Valachi becomes an informant, the first in the history of the Mafia. He tells his life story in flashback. The movie traces Valachi from a young punk to a gangster associating with bosses like Salvatore Maranzano . Maranzano tells a mourner at a funeral, "I cannot bring back the dead. I can only kill the living." Valachi marries a boss\'s daughter, played by Bronson\'s real-life wife Jill Ireland. Valachi\'s rise in the Mafia is hampered by his poor relations with his capo, Tony Bender . Bender is portrayed castrating a mobster for having relations with another mobster\'s wife. Valachi shoots the man to put him out of his misery. The mayhem and murder continue to the present, with Valachi shown testifying before a Senate committee. He is upset with having to testify and attempts suicide, but in the end  outlives Genovese, who dies in prison.'] ['Martel "Too Sweet" Gordone earned his parole from jail by winning a prison boxing tournament. All Gordone wants to do is start a peaceful life, but a condition of his release is that he work for a boxing promoter. Gordone has no interest in boxing and wants to live with his sister and her husband who support his desire to start over. However, when some of his enemies from prison escape and kill his girlfriend, Gordone changes his plans and returns to the ring.'] ['During World War I, a seemingly respectable middle-aged man Henri Landru has devised an ingenious means of obtaining money to supplement his dwindling income. Adopting various assumed names, he lures middle-class women to his villa at Gambais just outside Paris, where he kills them and burns their bodies. He then helps himself to his victims’ bank accounts so that he can keep his wife, his mistress and his four children in the manner to which they have grown accustomed. Having murdered ten women and one boy, Landru is finally captured and placed before a court of law. Eloquent in his protestations of innocence, he is confident that no jury will condemn a man of such intellect and breeding.'] ['The movie tells the story of a love triangle, in which a young man is loved by two women. Adel, a thief, is loved by aging Afaq also a thief. The story of the gang of thieves changes direction when Adel meets Nargess, a beautiful young girl from an impoverished family.'] ['Hawke and Ruffalo play childhood friends Paulie and Brian, who are forced to survive on the tough streets of South Boston through a life of petty thievery. They join a local gang of criminals, but Brian finds it hard to reconcile his work and friendship with Paulie and his relationship with his wife  and sons.'] ['Charlie  is a young Italian-American man who is trying to move up in the local New York Mafia but is hampered by his feeling of responsibility towards his reckless friend, Johnny Boy , a small-time gambler who owes money to many loan sharks. Charlie works for his uncle, Giovanni , the local caporegime, mostly collecting debts. He is also having a hidden affair with Johnny Boy\'s cousin, Teresa , who has epilepsy and is ostracized because of her condition — especially by Charlie\'s uncle. Charlie is torn between his devout Catholicism and his Mafia ambitions. As the film progresses, Johnny becomes increasingly self-destructive, growing continually more disrespectful of his creditors. Failing to receive redemption in the church, Charlie seeks it through sacrificing himself on Johnny\'s behalf. At a bar, a local loan shark named Michael , comes looking for Johnny to "pay up", but to his surprise, Johnny insults him. Michael lunges at Johnny who retaliates by pulling a gun on him. After a tense standoff, Michael walks away, and Charlie and Johnny decide to leave town for a brief period with Teresa. After a calm getaway by car, the trio is eventually pursued by Michael and his henchman, in another car. The henchman fires shots at Charlie\'s car, hitting Johnny in the neck, and Charlie in the hand, causing Charlie to crash the car. The film ends with an ambulance and police arriving at the scene, and paramedics take them away.'] ['The film, set in California, opens with Cosmo Vitelli  making the final payment on a longstanding gambling debt to a sleazy loanshark . To celebrate his long-anticipated freedom, strip club owner Vitelli has an expensive night out with his three favorite dancers . The evening culminates in a poker game in which Vitelli loses $23,000, returning him to the debtor\'s position he had just left. Using the debt as leverage, his mob creditors coerce him into agreeing to perform a "hit" on a rival. Vitelli is led to believe that his target is a smalltime criminal of minor consequence, the Chinese bookie of the film\'s title; but in fact, he is the capo of the Chinese mafia, "the heaviest cat on the West Coast." Vitelli manages to kill the man and several of his bodyguards, but is severely wounded before escaping. In addition to the potentially fatal gunshot wound he sustains, Vitelli comes to realize that his assignment was a set-up: that his mob employers double-crossed him and had no expectation he would survive his debut as a hitman. Forced into a corner again, Vitelli manages to kill or elude his assailants, but the film ends with no indication of whether Vitelli will survive his ordeal, as the show at his club goes on.'] ["Gao  rides the train to Pinghsi to set up a 10-day gambling den with his friend Hsi . He takes his acolyte Flatty  and Pletzel , Flatty's girl friend, who works part time in a night club. Gao's girlfriend Ying  works in the same night club as Pletzel and doesn't like the people around Gao, finding them dangerous. Gao has already made a deal with Hsi to invest in a nightclub in Shanghai, but Ying doesn't want him to go. Instead, she wants him to stay in Taiwan to open a restaurant. A succession of get-rich-quick schemes leads them to the brink of disaster. Throughout the course of the film the unsavory alliance between the underworld and the political elite emerges."] ['On the day of his only daughter\'s wedding, Vito Corleone  hears requests in his role as the Godfather, the Don of a New York crime family. Vito\'s youngest son Michael , in Marine Corps khakis, introduces his girlfriend, Kay Adams , to his family at the sprawling reception. Vito\'s godson Johnny Fontane , a popular singer, pleads for help in securing a coveted movie role, so Vito dispatches his consigliere Tom Hagen  to the abrasive studio head, Jack Woltz , to secure the casting. Woltz is unmoved until the morning he wakes up in bed with the severed head of his prized stallion. Shortly before Christmas 1945, drug baron Virgil "The Turk" Sollozzo , backed by the Corleones\' rivals, the Tattaglias, asks Vito for investment and protection through his political connections, but Vito disapproves of drug dealers. Instead, he sends his enforcer, Luca Brasi  to spy on them, but two fish are sent to the family wrapped in Brasi\'s vest, confirming he "sleeps with the fishes". An assassination attempt by Sollozzo\'s men lands Vito in the hospital, so eldest son, Sonny , takes command. Sollozzo kidnaps Hagen to pressure Sonny to accept his deal. Michael thwarts a second assassination attempt on his father at the hospital, but is accosted by corrupt police captain McCluskey , who breaks his jaw. Sonny retaliates by having Tattaglia\'s son killed. Michael comes up with a plan to hit Sollozzo and McCluskey that his brother approves over Hagen\'s objections: on the pretext of settling the dispute, Michael lures the pair to a restaurant, retrieves a planted handgun and murders them. Despite a clampdown from the authorities, the Five Families erupt in open warfare and the brothers fear for their safety. Michael takes refuge in Sicily, and Fredo  is sheltered by associate Moe Greene  in Las Vegas. Sonny attacks his brother-in-law Carlo on the street for abusing his sister Connie . When it happens again, Sonny speeds for her home but assassins ambush him at a highway toll booth and riddle him with machine gun fire. Vito is saddened to learn that, despite his hopes, Michael has become involved in the family business. However, Michael has fallen in love with Apollonia Vitelli  and married her in Sicily. His peace is shattered when a car bomb intended for him takes the life of his new wife. To end the feuds, Vito meets with the heads of the Five Families, withdrawing his opposition to the Tattaglias\' heroin business and swearing to forego revenge for Sonny\'s murder. He deduces that the Tattaglias were under orders of the now dominant Don Emilio Barzini . With his safety guaranteed, Michael returns home and over a year later marries Kay. Seeing his father at the end of his career and his surviving brother too weak, Michael takes the reins of the family and promises his wife to make it legitimate within five years. Biding his time, Michael allows rival families to pressure Corleone enterprises and plans to move family operations to Nevada, while delegating New York operations to members who stay behind. Michael also replaces Hagen with his father as his consigliere; Vito explains to an upset Hagen that they have long range plans for him in the family. When Michael travels to Las Vegas to buy out Greene\'s stake in the family\'s casinos, Greene derides the Corleones as a fading power. Michael\'s anger is fueled when Fredo falls under Greene\'s sway. Vito collapses and dies in his garden in 1955 while playing with Michael’s son Anthony. At the funeral, Salvatore Tessio  arranges a meeting between Michael and Don Barzini, signalling his treachery as Vito had warned. The meeting is set for the same day as the christening of Connie and Carlo\'s son, to whom Michael will stand as godfather. As the christening proceeds, Corleone assassins, acting on Michael\'s orders, murder the other New York dons and Moe Greene. Tessio is told that Michael is aware of his betrayal and taken off to his death. After Carlo is questioned by Michael on his involvement in setting up Sonny\'s murder and confesses he was contacted by Barzini, Peter Clemenza  kills him with a garrotte. Michael is confronted by Connie, who accuses him of having her husband killed. He denies killing Carlo when questioned by Kay, an answer she accepts. As Kay watches warily, Michael receives his capos, who address him as the new Don Corleone.'] ["{{Plot}} The movie begins with a voice over by Shirley Lyner  as we are shown her babysitting service, a cabin with middle-aged men and teenage girls. A flash back takes us to Shirley being picked up by Michael Beltran for a babysitting job. After she is finished, they dine together and flirt with each other. Michael is frustrated with his wife and Shirley finds guys her age to be too immature. Shirley’s friends at school are Melissa and Brenda. Michael and his wife Gail meet with Michael’s friend Jerry, who has a business offer for Michael. Gail is frustrated that Michael wants to take it, while Michael gets curious about an abandoned train yard behind the restaurant that Gail shows no interest in. When Michael is driving Shirley home that night, they stop at the train yard and explore it, eventually sharing a kiss and having sex. Michael pays Shirley extra. Melissa discovers the truth about babysitting outings from Shirley and Michael tells Jerry about it. Michael asks Shirley if any of her other friends can “babysit” and Melissa volunteers. Shirley asks her for 20% of the money as her cut to which Melissa agrees. They convince Brenda to take the babysitting job as well and the girls set up a working business, going so far as to have business cards printed up. Michael learns that Shirley is babysitting for others besides him, which makes him uncomfortable. Problem arises when Brenda invites her rough and aggressive younger stepsister Nadine into the group without checking with Shirley. She soon starts her own competing business behind Shirley’s back, and Shirley starts to lose customers. Shirley confronts Brenda and Brenda agrees to search Nadine's room. She reports back that she found nothing. With Michael 'on watch', Shirley and Melissa search Nadine's locker but find nothing. They trash the school to hide their true motive. Melissa presents Shirley with fake permission slips for a trip to Jerry’s cabin for a weekend. The girls will be going under the make-believe of a school trip, while the men will be there on a “business retreat”. Michael is uncomfortable with Shirley being with other guys at the party. Jerry has supplied drugs at the party and attempts to rape Brenda. Brenda wants to quit and Shirley agrees but Melissa is worried that Brenda will talk. Melissa has several of their customers attack and threaten Brenda’s brother, while Shirley gets angry at Melissa. Michael’s wife confronts him about his distance and that he has been lying about his job situation and Michael finally voices some of his frustrations about the marriage, while Gail responds with hers. Michael tries to encourage Shirley to run away with him, while Shirley reminds him that this is just business and he’s cheating himself. She then tries unsuccessfully to contact Brenda. She hears that Nadine is babysitting without her knowledge and calls Melissa, who is with Jerry, and they go to confront her. Shirley discovers that it is her own father that is with Nadine. The movie ends with another voiceover by Shirley. Across the street from Michael's house Shirley sees Michael interacting with his family."] ["Two New Jersey mobsters are almost killed when a deal in Eastern Europe goes wrong. They take refuge with their law-abiding cousin Bobby, who runs a fish and chip shop in Glasgow, Scotland. But when one of the Americans takes a shine to Bobby's girl and the other clashes with local hoodlums, Bobby realises he has to stand up for himself or risk losing everything he loves."] ['Skin & Bone is an episodic account of three Los Angeles-area hustlers, Harry, Billy and Dean, and Ghislaine, their pimp. Ghislaine  constantly drives the streets of Los Angeles arranging client appointments. She relies on Harry , the most experienced member of her stable, to train new recruits, including Billy  and Dean . Harry services both male and female clients and always acts as a top; many male clients hire him to beat them. He fantasizes about a woman  he once knew. He has convinced himself that he is not a prostitute but an "actor" providing "fantasies." In his unsuccessful pursuit of an acting career, Harry goes on a casting call for a cop movie. The casting director asks if he will do nudity, implying a casting couch scenario. Harry says he\'s an artist and loses the role. Billy, though experienced, is still somewhat goofy and absent-minded. He sometimes helps Harry with scenes and Harry tries to convince him too that he is an actor and not a prostitute. On several occasions, Billy picks up men only to discover that the man is not actually his client. In one case he and the man fall in love and they plan to get Billy out of the business and start a life together. Shortly thereafter, Billy mistakes a man  for a client in a public restroom and that man stabs him to death. Dean is Ghislaine\'s most recent recruit. While training him, Harry again tries to impart the notion that their job is just acting. Following his training and first successful trick , Dean is humiliated when two women force him to start and stop masturbating seemingly at random. Dean then performs as a "nude cleaner" for a client. He learns that the client is an ex-Marine who was paralyzed in combat and still longs for the boy with whom he fell in love, who was killed. The client is still able to achieve an erection and Dean has sex with him. Harry is at an appointment with a regular, a uniform fetishist called "The General" . Usually Harry beats him, but unknown to Harry, the client has arranged for something different with Ghislaine. After showing Harry a picture of himself in which he closely resembles Harry, the General orders Harry to strip. When Harry hesitates, the General attacks him from behind, binds his hands with tape and rapes him. Harry asks his acting agent to set up an "interview" with another casting director. He lets the man fuck him. Later at Dean\'s place, Harry finds Dean sitting alone burning himself with a cigarette. Dean tells Harry he ran away from home after his father had him arrested at age 14 for stealing a candy bar. Dean was put in a cell with several men who took turns raping him. After allowing himself to be used by the casting director, Harry gets a small role as a cop in the film for which he had previously been rejected. On-set he impresses the producers and they offer him a part in a TV series. Ghislaine sends Harry to the local morgue with $2,500 to bribe an attendant . Harry sees Billy\'s body and realizes that Ghislaine is acquiring it for a client. He confronts Ghislaine, accusing her of arranging Billy\'s murder, and tells her he wants to quit and take Dean with him. Ghislaine agrees, if Harry and Dean perform one final scene. The scene is a cop/prisoner scenario which begins with the cop beating the prisoner then the prisoner overpowering the cop, binding and beating and finally shooting him. Harry plays the cop and Dean the prisoner. Bound and gagged, Harry sees Ghislaine switching his gun  for another gun, but fails to convey the danger to Dean. As Ghislaine and the client watch and the client tapes the scene, Dean pulls the trigger and kills Harry. Harry meets "Lovely Girl," who asks him how he feels being dead. Six months later, Dean is living on the streets. Ghislaine finds him and convinces him to return to work.'] ["A narcotics agent convinces a convict he helped send to Alcatraz go undercover with him to help expose a heroin drug smuggling ring. The unlikely pair travels from San Francisco to Vancouver and finally to a dude ranch in Tucson which is run by mob bosses. They end up getting help breaking the case from the gang leader's dingy blonde girlfriend , who falls for the narcotics agent during the sting."] ['A kidnapping goes down in 1934 Kansas City. Blondie O\'Hara\'s petty thief husband Johnny is taken by gangster "Seldom Seen" and held prisoner at the Hey Hey Club, one of the hot spots of the Kansas City jazz scene. Blondie herself kidnaps Mrs. Stilton, the wife of a local politician, played by Michael Murphy. She wishes to blackmail the man into helping to free Johnny. Despite the risk to his re-election campaign, Mr. Stilton does everything he can in order to free his wife by saving Johnny. Meanwhile, Mrs. Stilton comes to befriend Blondie. She is impressed by Blondie\'s devotion to her husband, contrasted to her own loveless marriage.'] ['Gilda Karlson  is a New Orleans prostitute. She is accused of murdering Piet Van Saal , the man responsible for ending her life as a secretary and leading her into prostitution. Her old boyfriend, sailor Carl Erickson ([[Donald Cook , smuggles her to safety on Tortuga, an island in the Caribbean from which she cannot be extradited. On the island, Gilda and Carl get "married" without a clergyman to officiate, and she swears to be faithful to him. After Carl leaves on his ship, Gilda finds herself to be the only white woman in a hotel full of international criminals, all of whom try to seduce her. Especially persistent is Bruno , the island\'s executioner, who steals the money that Carl sends her, with the hope that she will think that Carl has abandoned her. Van Saal arrives on the island, having ditched his wife, on the lam with the life insurance money he collected after his "death". Bruno gives Gilda a gun to protect herself. When Van Saal attacks her, she kills him. She is put on trial and is about to be acquitted by a sympathetic jury, when Bruno tells her that he will have her arrested for possessing an illegal firearm unless she has sex with him. To foil Bruno\'s trap, Gilda gives a false confession at her trial, preferring to die rather than to break her vow to Carl. She is convicted and sent to the gallows.TCM Synopsis "Full synopsis"Wollstein, Hans J. "Plot synopsis" on Allmovie.com"How Low Can You Go?" at TCM Movie Morlocks'] [" In Gotham City, the Joker and his accomplices rob a mob-owned bank. After orchestrating their deaths, he escapes alone. Batman and Lieutenant Jim Gordon decide to include the new district attorney, Harvey Dent, who is dating Rachel Dawes, in their plan to eradicate the mob. Impressed with Dent's idealism, Bruce Wayne offers him a fundraiser. Mob bosses Sal Maroni, Gambol, and The Chechen are informed by Lau, a Chinese accountant, that he has hidden their funds and fled to Hong Kong to escape the new pressure. The Joker interrupts the meeting, warning that Batman is unhindered by jurisdiction. He offers to kill Batman for half their money, but the mob bosses refuse and Gambol puts a bounty on him. The Joker later kills Gambol and takes control of his men, while Batman captures Lau using a skyhook, delivering him back to Gotham to testify. The Joker issues an ultimatum that people will die each day unless Batman reveals his identity, resulting in the deaths of Commissioner Gillian B. Loeb and the judge presiding over the mob trials. The Joker targets Dent at the fundraiser but Bruce hides him, while Rachel is looked after by Alfred Pennyworth. Gordon foils the Joker's assassination attempt on Mayor Garcia during Loeb's memorial service, apparently sacrificing himself in the process. As a result, Bruce plans to reveal his identity, but Dent instead names himself as Batman to protect the truth. Dent is taken into protective custody and pursued by the Joker across the city as Batman rushes to aid. Gordon, who faked his death, helps apprehend the Joker and is promoted to Commissioner. However, Dent and Rachel disappear. Batman interrogates the Joker and learns each are in separate buildings filled with explosives. Batman intends to find Rachel, instead finding Dent moments before the buildings explode. Rachel dies and half of Dent's face is scarred. The Joker then uses a smuggled bomb inside a prisoner to escape from the police department with Lau. Coleman Reese, an accountant at Wayne Enterprises, deduces Batman's secret identity and plans to blackmail him. The Joker kills Lau and The Chechen, threatening to bomb a hospital unless Reese is killed. Gordon rescues Reese, while the Joker visits Dent in the hospital, convincing him to get revenge. Dent uses his burned lucky coin to decide the fates of those responsible for Rachel's death, killing Maroni and one corrupt cop who had helped kidnap Rachel. After blowing up the hospital and escaping with hostages, the Joker gives two explosive-rigged ferries, one of citizens and the other of Arkham Asylum inmates, the choice to blow the other up until midnight—otherwise, both will explode. Batman asks a reluctant Lucius Fox to use a city-wide tracking device to find the Joker; Fox agrees, but says he will resign immediately afterward. Batman rescues the hostages, who are disguised as Joker's gang, by fighting off the Joker's real men and Gordon's SWAT team. The ferry passengers, refusing to kill each other, are saved as Batman apprehends the Joker. Nevertheless, the Joker gloats that he has won, as the citizens of Gotham will lose hope once Dent's rampage becomes public knowledge. Batman leaves to find Dent as the Joker is taken into custody. Dent lures Gordon to the building where Rachel died and holds his family hostage, as Batman confronts him. Dent judges the fates of Batman, himself, and Gordon's son with three coin flips. As a result, he shoots Batman in the abdomen, spares himself and flips to determine the boy's fate. Batman, who is wearing body armor, tackles Dent off the building, saving the boy but resulting in Dent's death.{{cite web}}. WebCitation archive. Batman convinces Gordon to hold him publicly responsible for the murders so that Dent will remain a symbol of hope for the city. A manhunt for Batman ensues, as he escapes on the Batpod. Alfred burns a letter written by Rachel to Bruce announcing her engagement to Dent, Fox watches the signal tracker self-destruct and Gordon destroys the Bat-Signal before delivering a eulogy at Dent's funeral."] ['The unnamed chief protagonist , identified in the closing credits only as XXXX, has established a successful business in London buying, cutting, and selling cocaine. Disliking guns, and considering himself a businessman, he leaves the more violent aspects of the business to his contact Gene . Gene is assisted by fellow gangster Morty ([[George Harris , who had previously spent ten years in prison. Having made his fortune, he plans to retire from the business for good. His plans go awry when his powerful supplier Jimmy Price  sends him to track down Charlie, the teenage daughter of Price\'s associate, Eddie Temple , who has fled a rehabilitation centre with her drug-addicted boyfriend. To help track her down XXXX enlists the help of con men Cody  and Tiptoes . At the same time, Price instructs XXXX to organize the purchase and distribution of one million ecstasy tablets from a brash, low-level gangster named The Duke . Unbeknownst to XXXX, the pills have been stolen from a gang of Serbian war criminals in the Netherlands. Meanwhile, XXXX encounters The Duke\'s idiotic nephew, Sidney  at a bar, and becomes attracted to Sidney\'s bored girlfriend Tammy . XXXX tries to broker the sale of the ecstasy to Liverpudlian gangsters Trevor  and Shanks , but they refuse, informing him of the drugs purloined nature and of the fact that the Serbians have sent a ruthless hitman, Dragan , to find the pills and kill those responsible for their theft. Because The Duke erroneously referenced XXXX\'s name to the Serbians beforehand, he too is now in danger. Members of The Duke\'s gang soon begin turning up dead and The Duke himself goes missing. XXXX arranges a tryst with Tammy but before it can be consummated he is kidnapped by henchmen of Eddie Temple. Temple informs him that Jimmy had lost millions of pounds in a failed investment in Africa and is now hoping to sell the pills to recoup his losses. He demands instead that XXXX sell the pills to him, and plays him a tape indicating that Jimmy has been a long term informant for Scotland Yard and intends to betray XXXX to the police as soon as the deal is done. XXXX shoots and kills Jimmy but foolishly does so with a gun that Gene had used to commit a prior murder. XXXX then discovers that his accountant, whom Jimmy referred to him, has embezzled his money and disappeared. Gene and Morty, after being given evidence of Jimmy\'s snitching, recognize XXXX as the new boss and show him the corpse of The Duke, whom Gene had killed along with Duke\'s girlfriend, Slasher , when the latter threatened to alert the police about the pills. XXXX delivers the severed head of The Duke to Dragan as a peace offering. To recoup something from the fiasco, XXXX arranges a con in which the police appear to raid The Duke\'s hideout and confiscate the drugs, which satisfies Dragan. In reality, the police are Cody and Tiptoes, who return the drugs to XXXX. However, when he attempts to sell them to Eddie Temple, Temple steals the drugs from them at gunpoint and gives XXXX a "welcome to the layer cake" in the form of a membership to the Stoke Park Club of which both he and Jimmy were members. However, suspecting betrayal, XXXX has arranged for Trevor and Shanks to steal the drugs from Temple\'s men. The final scene has the gang assembled for lunch at the Stoke Club, proclaiming XXXX their new boss. However, he demurs, stating his intention to stick to his planned retirement. Leaving the club with Tammy he addresses the audience about his own caution and cleverness before being shot without warning by Sidney. As the film fades out, XXXX is seen bleeding on the steps, his fate left uncertain.'] ['Ajay Raj ([[Shiva , Ganesh , Jagapathi Babu , and Ram Babu  are close friends who spend a lot of time together in Chennai. Ajay is a TV serial artist, Ganesh is a fun-loving man who falls in love with every woman he sees, Jagapathi Babu is an engineer who is married and has a six-year-old daughter, and Ram Babu is Jagapathi\'s younger brother. Ram is in love with Pooja  but, before he has a chance to tell her, Pooja tells Ram that she is in love with Ajay. Pooja and Ajay eventually get engaged, and Ram is heartbroken. He soon forgets his grief and has a good time with his friends Ajay, Ganesh, and Jagapathy. One day, the four friends decide to go in Ajay\'s old ramshackle caravan  to Hyderabad to watch a cricket match. Vishwanath  is a business tycoon in Hyderabad who has no time for his wife and teenage daughter Saroja . One day, Saroja is kidnapped, and the police enter the scene, with Vishwanath\'s friend ACP Ravichandran  handling the case. Meanwhile, a huge tanker lorry carrying highly inflammable and dangerous chemicals overturns on the National Highway between Chennai and Hyderabad and the four friends are stuck in a massive traffic jam. They attempt to take a shortcut to Hyderabad, but they end up in a dark, desolate area where their real troubles begin. After arguing about which direction to take at a crossroad, Ajay convinces the others to drive the car into a forest, receiving instructions from Venkat Prabhu in a cameo appearance. As they proceed further, an injured man  suddenly falls on their car from above. Wanting to save the dying man, Jagapathi Babu asks Ganesh and Ram Babu to ask for help in a nearby building. Ajay, horrified by the injured man\'s bullet wounds, is even more shocked when the dying man urges Jagapathi and Ajay to escape. Jagapathi, however, attempts to save the man, who repeatedly urges them to leave quickly. A few men arrive in a jeep and start to shoot at them from a distance. Ajay rushes to the driver\'s seat and attempts to flee from the area. Their van gets hit by the other vehicle and is overturned, throwing the injured man outside. Shiva and Jagapathi remain inside the van. Sampath, the leader of the gang in the black jeep, steps out of his vehicle and shoots the dying man after a short conversation. Sampath then discovers that two men  had attempted to save the injured man, and he orders his henchmen to kill them. Upon hearing Sampath\'s order to kill them, Ajay and Jagapathi run for their lives. Meanwhile, Ganesh and Ram Babu have entered the abandoned factory in search of help. Finding the place empty, they walk out and wander around for some time. They soon reach the place where the van had overturned and realize that their friends are missing. At the same time, Ajay and Jagapathi are trapped inside a room within close range of one of the hitmen and escape narrowly. Ganesh and Ram continue to search the area for their friends and eventually find them after fighting with a few hitmen. Realizing that they are caught in a dangerous situation, all four run away from the factory toward the distant sound of a train. They barely manage to board the train\'s last car. Jagapathi does not board the train; he sees that his pocket has been torn, and he deduces that his wallet had fallen somewhere inside the factory. Ajay and Ram frantically attempt to convince Jagapathi to board the train. Jagapathi fears that the assassins might cause problems for his wife and child, since his wallet  might be in the hands of the gangsters. Thus, all four friends return to the factory to recover the lost wallet. After a short argument in which the frightened Ajay hesitates to go along with Jagapathi to the factory, Ganesh is pushed to accompany him. Jagapathi and Ganesh enter the room where the wallet was dropped. One of the gangsters momentarily walks into the room, in the view of Ganesh. Ganesh hides and tries to warn Jagapathi to stay out of sight. When Jagapathi finds the wallet and turns around he realizes that Ganesh has disappeared. After searching the room thoroughly, Jagapathi decides to leave. When he walks out, Ajay and Ram are waiting alone, and there is no sign of Ganesh. This sparks off another argument; Ajay asserts that he would not leave the place without Ganesh. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Ganesh had wandered into another room to save himself. Finding Saroja tied up inside, he frees her and explains to her that he is not a member of the gang. In his usual manner, he falls in love and tries to impress her. Saroja and Ganesh then sneak out of the room. The other three set out to rescue Ganesh, but they get caught in the process. Sampath continues to demand money from Vishwanath to release his daughter. ACP Ravichandran consoles Vishwanath and does all he can to help rescue Saroja. Meanwhile, the gangsters taunt the three men they have captured and continue to do so until Kalyani , Sampath\'s girlfriend, walks in and informs the group that Saroja has escaped. Sampath sends all of his men to find the girl, leaving a single gangster with the three captives. Ram attacks the gangster and kills him. They run out of the factory and catch up with Ganesh and Saroja. They are soon trapped in a building with a single entry. The henchmen follow them and await them in front. The friends are convinced that the only way to escape is to fight the gangsters. Suddenly, Jagapathi comes up with the idea of designing a contraption using objects in the building as weapons in a grand "Rube Goldberg machine." In the meantime, Sampath asks Vishwanath to come to the area at once to take his daughter in exchange for the ransom money. Soon, Vishwanath and ACP Ravichandran arrive, and Ravichandran is disguised as Vishwanath\'s driver. The four friends and Saroja finally arrive at the railway station to escape. They soon realize to their horror that the railway station is actually the exact spot where Sampath is planning to collect the ransom money from Vishwanath and Ravichandran. Vishwanath and Ravichandran are standing on the other side of the tracks. Saroja leaves the hideout, crosses the tracks, and embraces Ravichandran out of relief. Just as Vishwanath is overjoyed that his daughter is back in safe hands, Ravichandran pulls out a gun and points it at Saroja. At that moment, Vishwanath realizes that Ravichandran is actually the mastermind behind Saroja\'s abduction and that Sampath is just another henchman responsible for carrying out Ravichandran\'s orders. A flashback reveals that Ravichandran and Sampath are good friends and that they have long been jealous of Vishwanath for his social status and wealth. In the nick of time, the heroes emerge from the hideout and fight the goons with all their might. Vishwanath finally shoots and kills Ravichandran, and Saroja is reunited with her family. As everyone returns home, the four friends try to recall the name of the girl they have just rescued.'] ["An ex-lounge singer  revisiting Las Vegas with her shady husband  encounters a cop  with whom she'd had an affair years before, and who comes in handy during the subsequent fast-paced mayhem. Hoagy Carmichael portrays Happy, the eccentric pianist at the bar where the singer used to work."] ["Lonnie Wilson , the son of a sharecropper, Zuba Wilson , returns to his small southern hometown of Clinton, Louisiana after spending six years on the chain-gang for killing Colonel Ben Marquand's son, Davey, in an automobile accident. He revives his love affair with Melinda Marquand , who is now Mrs. Melinda Thomas, having married Dr. Ned Thomas  while Lonnie was serving time in her place for the accident she caused.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053762/ IMDB Somewhat miffed about all this, Lonnie incites Dr. Ned about his wife's infidelity, which Dr. Ned verifies when he catches Lonnie and Melinda in a semi-torrid embrace in Colonel Marquand's hunting lodge. Melinda, looking for an explanation, shoots and wounds Lonnie to defend her innocence by claiming she was being raped. Colonel Marquand, who had bribed Lonnie to take the blame for his daughter, uses her story to have Sheriff Wheaton  kill Lonnie, thereby putting an end to all this mess. Mrs. Marquand  eventually faces Davey's death and realizes that she witnessed Melinda run down her little brother. Peter Marquand  and Ned return to the lodge and inform Otis that the charges against Lonnie are all lies. Exonerated, Lonnie gives Zuba the deed to the farm, and the old man dances in delight, thrilled to finally own his land.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/89222/Desire-in-the-Dust/overview"] ['A misanthropic voyeuristic tailor, Monsieur Hire, spies on his gorgeous neighbour from across the street. This takes place in the backdrop of another plot, the unsolved murder of a local young woman. Monsieur Hire is hounded by a detective investigating the murder and is also eventually noticed by the object of his gaze, the young woman Alice. Monsieur Hire propositions Alice to ditch her boyfriend Emile, and run off with him to his little home in Switzerland, where he promises to take care of her.'] ["The true story of Barbara Daly Baekeland , her husband Brooks Baekeland , heir to the Bakelite plastics fortune, and their only child Antony . The story begins with Antony's birth and follows the family to the time of his arrest for the murder of his mother."] ["Aging small-time gangster Charlie Valentine  tries to pull one over on his boss Rocco Russo for some retirement cash. He assembles his old group, and despite Sal's  misgivings, they go through with it. The con goes wrong and only Charlie escapes with his life, leaving Rocco furious and demanding revenge. Charlie reconciles with his estranged son Danny  for a place to stay. Danny is curious about his father's lifestyle, though he is apprehensive after serving time in prison. Regardless the two men rob Danny's boss Ferucci , who catches on and later finds out about Charlie's hitman life. Ferucci informs Rocco of the Valentines, pinning the two men in a death match in Ferucci's club that leaves only Danny still alive."] ['Artie Sawyer  is a World War II veteran laid off factory worker who currently works as the landlord of an apartment building in New York. One night, with his wife Iris  out of town, visiting her sister, Artie heads to the town bar, where he meets a pretty young girl named Claudine  who is looking for an apartment. He brings her to the apartment intending to let her stay in room 7A, and then she begins to seduce Artie, which Artie, who\'s relationship with Iris is currently strained  begins falling for. However, they turn out to be a ploy, as soon her sadistic boyfriend, Vietnam veteran Billy  and his two friends and fellow ex-paratroopers Riff and Virgil arrive at the Sawyer\'s apartment building. It turns out the four want to use the apartment to plan a major robbery at the bank right next door to the building. They do not tell Artie about the robbery, but tell him not to worry about them and that they promise to leave as soon as possible. Artie agrees, mostly because of his fear that they will tell Iris about his minor transgression with Claudine. Later that night, Iris returns from visiting her relative, and Artie does not tell her about the night with the girl, or the people staying in room 7A. But the next day, while Billy and Claudine are at the bank planting the TNT that will blow up the safe, he decides to go into room 7A to find out what is really going on. He uncovers their plans to rob the bank. At that point, he is caught by Virgil, who holds him there until Billy and Claudine get back. Billy, furious that Artie has seen too much and did "not leave well enough alone", orders Virgil and Riff to go after Iris and bring her to 7A, they eventually capture her, and later that night, tie both of them up as they prepare for their robbery by dressing in tigerstripe camouflagued uniforms . The robbery does not go off well, and the police arrive and start shooting at the robbers, killing Virgil in the process. Billy blames Riff  for the nearly-botched robbery since the timer in the bomb did not go off on time, and hatches one last plan to escape the approaching police. He forces Riff to plant his last bomb in the elevator of the building, and unties Iris telling her that she will run down to the police and inform them of the bomb, and that Billy will blow the building and kill her husband and everyone in the building if they are not allowed to escape. As Artie, Riff, and Billy head down to the elevator, Claudine, who has shown reluctance with being part of Billy\'s sadistic plans, says she no longer wants part in Billy\'s life or his schemes. He taunts her, but lets her have her wish . In the elevator, Billy unleashes his fury at Riff for placing them in this mess, although Riff makes it clear that they\'re out of the mess thanks to him. Billy tells him that he is no longer entitled to the money, tells him he overstayed his welcome and then kills him with the shotgun, dumping his body in one of the floors when the elevator opens. Killing Riff makes Artie realize that one way or another, Billy is still going to kill him and blow up the building, and so he jams the elevator. Billy lets out his full sadistic anger at Artie forcing him to fix it, and also telling him of the whereabouts of the bomb. Artie goes to the panel to fix it, and then starts fighting with Billy. The fight continues until Artie grabs Billy\'s shotgun and uses it to shoot him in the shoulder. Billy passes out, and Artie climbs to the top of the elevator where the bomb is. With help from the police  Artie is able to disarm the bomb and save the building. The movie ends with Artie now taking classes in engineering  so he can get a better job in a few years. Most importantly, he is reconciled with Iris and their love for each other is renewed.'] ['The film opens on a woodcutter  and a priest  sitting beneath Rashōmon gate to stay dry in a downpour. A commoner joins them and they tell him that they\'ve witnessed a disturbing story, which they then begin recounting to him. The woodcutter claims he found the body of a murdered samurai three days earlier while looking for wood in the forest; upon discovering the body, he says, he fled in a panic to notify the authorities. The priest says that he saw the samurai and the woman traveling the same day the murder happened. Both men were then summoned to testify in court, where they met the captured bandit Tajōmaru , who claimed responsibility for the rape and murder. {{multiple image}} ;The bandit\'s story Tajōmaru, a notorious brigand, claims that he tricked the samurai to step off the mountain trail with him and look at a cache of ancient swords he discovered. In the grove he tied the samurai to a tree, then brought the woman there. She initially tried to defend herself with a dagger, but was eventually "seduced" by the bandit. The woman, filled with shame, then begged him to duel to the death with her husband, to save her from the guilt and shame of having two men know her dishonor. Tajōmaru honorably set the samurai free and dueled with him. In Tajōmaru\'s recollection they fought skillfully and fiercely, but in the end Tajōmaru was the victor and the woman ran away. At the end of the story to the court, he is asked about an expensive dagger owned by the samurai\'s wife: he says that, in the confusion, he forgot all about it, and that it was foolish of him to leave behind such a valuable object. ;The wife\'s story The samurai\'s wife tells a different story to the court. She says that Tajōmaru left after raping her. She begged her husband to forgive her, but he simply looked at her coldly. She then freed him and begged him to kill her so that she would be at peace. He continued to stare at her with a look of loathing. His expression disturbed her so much that she fainted with dagger in hand. She awoke to find her husband dead with the dagger in his chest. She attempted to kill herself, but failed in all her efforts. ;The samurai\'s story The court then hears the story of the deceased samurai, told through a medium . The samurai claims that Tajōmaru, after raping his wife, asked her to travel with him. She accepted and asked Tajōmaru to kill her husband so that she would not feel the guilt of belonging to two men. Tajōmaru, shocked by this request, grabbed her, and gave the samurai a choice of letting the woman go or killing her.  The woman fled, and Tajōmaru, after attempting to recapture her, gave up and set the samurai free. The samurai then killed himself with his wife\'s dagger; later, somebody removed the dagger from his chest.  ;The woodcutter\'s story Back at Rashōmon gate , the woodcutter explains to the commoner that the samurai\'s story was a lie. The woodcutter had actually witnessed the rape and murder, he says, but just did not want to get too involved at the trial. According to the woodcutter\'s new story, Tajōmaru begged the samurai\'s wife to marry him, but the woman instead freed her husband. The husband was initially unwilling to fight Tajōmaru, saying he would not risk his life for a spoiled woman, but the woman then criticized both him and Tajōmaru, saying they were not real men and that a real man would fight for a woman\'s love. She spurred the men to fight one another, but then hid her face in fear once they raise swords; the men, too, were visibly fearful as they began fighting. They began a duel that was much more pitiful than Tajōmaru\'s account had made it sound, and Tajōmaru ultimately won through a stroke of luck. After some hesitation he killed the samurai, who begged for his life on the ground, and the woman fled in horror. Tajōmaru could not catch her, but took the samurai\'s sword and left the scene limping. ;Climax At the gate, the woodcutter, priest, and commoner are interrupted from their discussion of the woodcutter\'s account by the sound of a crying baby. They find the baby abandoned in a basket, and the commoner takes a kimono and an amulet that have been left for the baby. The woodcutter reproaches the commoner for stealing from the abandoned baby, but the commoner chastises him. Having deduced that the woodcutter in fact stole the dagger from the scene of the murder, the commoner mocks him, "a bandit calling another a bandit". The commoner leaves Rashōmon, claiming that all men are motivated only by self-interest. These deceptions and lies shake the priest\'s faith in humanity. He is brought back to his senses when the woodcutter reaches for the baby in the priest\'s arms. The priest is suspicious at first, but the woodcutter explains that he intends to take care of the baby along with his own children, of whom he already has six. This simple revelation recasts the woodcutter\'s story and the subsequent theft of the dagger in a new light. The priest gives the baby to the woodcutter, saying that the woodcutter has given him reason to continue having hope in humanity. The film closes on the woodcutter, walking home with the baby. The rain has stopped and the clouds have opened revealing the sun in contrast to the beginning where it was overcast.'] ['In 1923, the young Kim Shun-Pei moves from Cheju Island , to Osaka . Through the years, he becomes a cruel, greedy and violent man and builds a factory of kamaboko  in his poor Korean-Japanese community exploiting his employees. He makes a fortune, abuses and destroys the lives of his wife and family, has many mistresses and children and shows no respect to anyone. Later he closes the factory, lending out the money with high interest and becomes a loan shark. His hateful behavior remains unchanged to his last breath, alone in North Korea. The film is told from the perspective of Masao, his legitimate son by his abused and degraded wife, who knows nothing about his father other than to fear him.'] ['In 1970s Hollywood, small-time auto mechanic Bobby  and fast food waitress Rose  meet, and fall in love. They dream of a life in Hawaii, and talk of living there in the near future. One night, Bobby’s prank of the “fake” robbery of a convenience store with a shotgun backfires: a young shopkeeper is killed in an accidental homicide. Following the accident, Bobby and Rose become fugitives, and Rose becomes worried about the future of her five-year-old son. They decide to go on the run in Bobby’s 1968 Chevrolet Camaro.'] ['Frankie Madison  and Noll "Dink" Turner  are rum-running partners during Prohibition. They get into a shootout with some would-be hijackers after their liquor, attracting the attention of the police. The two men split up, but not before making a bargain that if one is caught, he will still get an equal share when he gets out of jail. Frankie is sent to prison for 14 years. When he is finally set free, he goes to see Noll. In the interim, Noll has built up a swanky nightclub. When the impatient Frankie shows up there, Noll stalls, sending him to dinner with his singer girlfriend Kay Lawrence . Noll instructs Kay to find out what Frankie is after. He learns that Frankie expects him to honor their old bargain. He tells his old partner that the deal only applied to their old nightclub, which shut down years ago. Dave , the only member of the old gang Frankie trusted, had him sign legal papers to that effect some time ago. Frankie\'s share by Noll\'s reckoning is less than $3000. Furious, Frankie slugs Noll and leaves to recruit men to take what he figures he is owed. However, Noll had Dave tie up ownership of the nightclub between several corporations, with bylaws that make it impossible for him to hand over anything. Furthermore, the men supposedly backing Frankie actually work for Noll. Frankie is beaten up and left in the alley. Meanwhile, Noll informs Kay that he intends to marry wealthy socialite Alexis Richardson , explaining that he is doing so to ensure the success of the nightclub with which he has become increasingly obsessed. He sees no reason they cannot continue their relationship. Repulsed by the idea and strongly attracted to Frankie, Kay quits and, overcoming Frankie\'s suspicions, joins his side. Dave, aghast at how Frankie has been treated, tells him that he is willing to pass along what he knows, which is enough to bring Noll down. However, he foolishly tells Noll what he intends to do, and is killed by Noll\'s henchman. The murder is pinned on Frankie. Evading a police manhunt, Frankie and Kay go to Noll\'s mansion. Though Noll is waiting with a loaded gun, Frankie manages to take it away from him. The three drive to the nightclub. By threatening Noll, Frankie extracts a written confession from him, which he gives to the police when they show up. Noll is taken away, but gets free and goes gunning for Frankie. He is shot dead by a policeman.'] ["Sam Gold , is a mild-mannered 20-year old Orthodox Jewish man who lives with his large family in the Borough Park section of Brooklyn. Sam works in his father's fabric store while studying to be a rabbi. He and his family hope to arrange a marriage for him with Zeldy Lazar. However, Sam's family is much poorer than the Lazars, and he worries he will be unable to provide for him. Sam and his best friend Leon  accept a mysterious job offer from Leon's brother Yosef  and his boss, the Israeli Jackie . Yosef sends them to Amsterdam, with instructions to wait for him. While there, the pair are given a briefcase, which Yosef says contains medicine, and are instructed to walk it through customs in New York. Back in New York, the pair discover the briefcase contains pure ecstasy. Leon wants nothing more to do with Yosef, but Sam is attracted to the easy money. Sam becomes a participant in Jackie's operation, making trips to Amsterdam to pick up suitcases. He is paid to recruit other young Orthodox Jews as mules, who implicitly trust him as one of their own. Sam meets the liberal Jewish girl Rachel , Jackie's girlfriend, and drinks alcohol and takes ecstasy with the gang. Sam begins to rise in the organization when he brokers a business deal with European drug manufacturer Ephraim ([[Q-Tip . Meanwhile, Sam leaves the yeshiva. His new job is well-known around his neighborhood, and his parents kick him out of the house. Sam discovers Yosef has been skimming money from Jackie through side deals. Jackie, however, wants to ship street ecstasy, which contains a higher percentage of other drugs, into America. These drugs, carried by unwitting young Orthodox Jews is picked up by drug-sniffing dogs and the mules are arrested. Sam escapes to warn Yosef, who is high. Yosef suggests they drive to California. Sam returns to his childhood home, where he is greeted by Leon, who has married Zeldy. Sam weeps on his front steps as the sirens in the distance grow closer."] ['Justina, a fifteen-year-old girl, lives with her mother and stepfather in a suburb of Mexico City. On the verge of sexual awakening, she starts flirting with her stepfather, provoking the murder of both her parents. She runs away from home, lost in her mind, just dressed with a nightgown. Ivan, a police detective who practices torture as daily routine ans is now reduced to the rank of street cop, is ordered to look for her all night long. Justine gets picked up on the street by two cops who take her to their headquarters. They treat her like a slave and rape her several times. From that moment, the lives of both Justina and Ivan will change forever.'] ['Michael Sullivan, Sr.  is an enforcer for Rock Island Irish mob boss John Rooney , during the Great Depression. Rooney raised the orphan Sullivan and loves him more than his own biological son, the unstable Connor . Connor snaps and kills disgruntled associate Finn McGovern when meeting him with Sullivan, resulting in Sullivan gunning down McGovern\'s men. Sullivan\'s twelve-year-old son Michael Sullivan Jr.  had hidden in his father\'s car and witnesses the event. Despite Sullivan swearing his son\'s secrecy and Rooney demanding Connor\'s apology for the reckless action, the nervous Connor suspects witnesses and acts. He murders Sullivan\'s wife Annie and younger son Peter, mistaking him for young Michael, while sending Sullivan to an ambush at a speakeasy. However Sullivan escapes to Chicago with his son to seek Al Capone, for work and for Connor\'s location, who is in hiding. Sullivan is rejected when asking Capone\'s associate Frank Nitti  and Rooney is aware of the meeting. He reluctantly allows Nitti to dispatch crime scene photographer and assassin Harlen Maguire , who likes to photograph his victims, to kill Sullivan. Maguire tracks him and Michael to a roadside diner, but fails to kill Sullivan, who realizes and cripples Maguire’s car tire before escaping. In response, Sullivan begins robbing banks that hold Capone and Rooney’s laundered money, hoping to trade it for Connor, while teaching Michael to drive as the getaway. He is impeded when the account money is withdrawn by the mob, so he visits Rooney\'s accountant Alexander Rance at his hotel for information. However, it is a set up as Rance stalls him until Maguire enters, but Michael warns his father with the car horn and Rance is killed in the ensuing crossfire. Maguire is injured when a bullet shatters glass on his face and Sullivan escapes with ledgers, but as he flees, Maguire shoots him in the arm. Michael drives his father to a farm where a childless elderly couple helps Sullivan to recover. Sullivan bonds with his son and discovers from the ledgers that Connor has been embezzling from his father for years, using the names of dead gang members. As the Sullivans depart, they give the couple much of the stolen money. Sullivan then confronts Rooney with the information while he attends Mass. While Rooney already knew about the embezzlement and that it must end with Connor\'s death, he refuses to be the one to give up his son. One night, cloaked by darkness and rain, Sullivan dispatches Rooney\'s entire entourage with his Thompson submachine gun and as he walks up to Rooney himself, Rooney mutters he is glad it is Sullivan, while an emotional Sullivan pulls the trigger, killing him. Seeing no further reason to protect Connor, Nitti reveals his location to Sullivan, making him promise that this will end. Sullivan goes to the hotel where Connor is hiding and kills him. Sullivan then drives Michael to stay at his Aunt Sara\'s beach house in Perdition, a town on the shore of Lake Michigan. However he is ambushed and shot by a disfigured Maguire. As Maguire prepares to photograph the dying Sullivan, Michael appears and points a gun but cannot bring himself to fire. Sullivan then draws a gun and kills Maguire, before dying in his son\'s arms. Mourning his father\'s death, Michael finds his way back to the elderly farm couple to live with them. He states growing up that his father\'s only fear was his son would be like him, and that if asked whether Sullivan was a good man, he would simply reply: "He was my father."'] [' While the novel is told by a third-person narrator in strict chronological order, the film uses voice-over narration . The story is framed by the questioning of Mildred by police after they discover the body of her second husband, Monte Beragon. The film, in noir fashion, opens with Beragon  being shot. He murmurs the name "Mildred" as he collapses and dies. The police are led to believe that the murderer is restaurant owner Mildred Pierce\'s  first husband, Bert Pierce , who under interrogation confesses to the crime. She then relates her life story in flashback. We see housewife Mildred married to a newly unemployed Pierce. Bert at the time was a real estate partner of Wally Fay  who propositioned Mildred after learning that she and Bert were about to divorce. In the divorce, Mildred obtained custody of her two daughters: 16-year-old Veda , a bratty social climber and aspiring pianist, and 10-year-old Kay , a tomboy. Mildred\'s principal goal is to provide for eldest daughter Veda, who longs for possessions the family cannot afford. Mildred needs a job and the best she can find is as a waitress – a fact she hides from Veda. One day, Veda gives their maid, Lottie , Mildred\'s waitress uniform, thinking nothing of it, until Mildred admits her employment as a waitress, infuriating Veda, who thinks it lowly. Kay contracts pneumonia and dies; to bury her grief, Mildred throws herself into opening a new restaurant on the coast . With the help of her new friend and former supervisor, Ida , Mildred\'s new restaurant is a success. Wally Fay helps Mildred buy the property, and then it expands into a chain of "Mildred\'s" throughout Southern California. Mildred continues to smother Veda in affection and worldly goods, but Veda is nonetheless appalled by Mildred\'s common background and choice of profession while becoming more preoccupied with materialistic possessions. Mildred goes as far as entering into a loveless marriage with the formerly wealthy Monte Beragon in order to improve her social standing to gain her daughter\'s approval. Beragon lives the life of a playboy supported financially by Mildred, much to Mildred\'s dismay and potential ruin. Mildred ends up losing the business thanks to Monte\'s manipulation and Veda\'s greed. When Veda takes up with the scheming Monte, a showdown ensues at the beach house where the film began. We discover what really happened: that Veda, furious over Monte\'s unwillingness to marry her, is the one who shoots him. Mildred can cover for her daughter no more, and Veda is led off to jail. As Mildred leaves the police station, Bert is waiting for her.'] ['A mechanic and race car driver  is chosen by two bank robbers to help them with a heist. The heist requires a driver with considerable driving skills to complete the task. To bait the driver into the dangerous scheme, one of the robbers uses his girlfriend  to help persuade the honest young man to assist with the crime.'] ["The film tells of Al Goddard , a detective who works for the United States Postal Inspection Service. He's assigned to arrest two criminals who've allegedly murdered a U.S. postal detective. Goddard must locate the witness to the murder, an attractive young nun named Sister Augustine . He poses as a crook, and gains the confidence of the killers' honcho Boettiger ([[Paul Stewart , who has worked out a plan to steal one million bucks from the post office. Once they discover the deception, the villains take Goddard and witness Sister Augustine prisoner. This leads to a fight in an industrial district."] ['The storyline in Yield to the Night bears a superficial resemblance to the Ruth Ellis case, which had occurred the previous year. However, the film is based on the novel of the same title published in 1954 by Joan Henry.{{cite news|lastMelanie|titlehttp://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/features/diana-dors-an-angry-young-woman-405988.html|work30 June 2006|accessdate"festival-cannes.com">{{cite web}}'] ["The Polonski brothers, Abe, Ben and Josh, work together in their family's fabric store on the lower east side of Manhattan. Like any other Jewish family they go to their mother's to spend the Sabbath together. But one day, Josh is shot to death in the middle of the street in front of Abe's eyes.. For Ben the tragic situation has an explanation - the nightlife of Josh - but Abe wants to understand what happened. Following the path of his brother, he walks in the same foosteps, finding more and more of himself."] ['An organized crime war breaks out between two rival gangs in Chicago during the Roaring Twenties. The leader of the mob is the notorious Al Capone, who resents his nemesis Bugs Moran\'s activity in the city. Moran, too, wants to control the whole town. Capone and his thugs Peter and Frank Gusenberg use threats and intimidation to make tavern owners do business with them in exchange for "protection." Moran gives the order to have a crony of Capone\'s eliminated as the Chicago body count escalates. Inclusive in the escalating war are a lunchtime attack on Capone at a restaurant outside of Chicago by Hymie Weiss and Moran and the murders of Weiss and Dion O\'Banion by Capone In a bid to get rid of Moran once and for all, Capone goes to Florida to establish an alibi while his henchmen, some dressed as cops, ambush and execute seven members of Moran\'s gang in a garage on February 14, 1929.'] ['{{plot|section|date"DVD Outsider: Made In Britain Synopsis and Review"/> The deputy superintendent in the assessment centre, Peter Clive ([[Bill Stewart , admits Trevor, and he is allocated a room with Errol ([[Terry Richards . Errol tells him about the contract that centre inmates are made to sign, promising to cooperate. The next day, Trevor leaves the assessment centre, to visit the job centre and procure a job, as instructed by the magistrate. Trevor, accompanied by Errol, breaks into a car and drives to the job centre. Near the job centre, he buys Evo-Stik for huffing,<ref name105633 Channel 4: Made In Britain Review]". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. He then breaks into another car, and takes it and drives away. Trevor refuses to admit that he has stolen the car, but agrees to get rid of it. Inside the assessment centre, when Peter Clive asks him why he did it, Trevor refuses to co-operate and give a reasonable answer. He then demands lunch, only to be informed that he is too late. Trevor flies into a rage and tries kicking down the cafeteria door. The chef  rushes out to stop him, only to be kicked in the groin by Trevor, who unleashes a vicious attack on him,Grunert, Andrea. "Emotion and Cognition: About Some Key-Figures in Films by Alan Clarke". Artbrain. Retrieved on 25 June 2008. The superintendent  arrives, and proceeds to show Trevor an overview of what he has been through and where he is heading - prison - if he refuses to cooperate and continues this way. Uncharacteristically, Trevor is not aggressive and is lost for words, listening to the superintendent without attempting to talk him down. The superintendent is extremely articulate and faces little resistance from Trevor, who is silenced by his pithy putdowns. As soon as the superintendent leaves, Trevor is back to his usual self, and confronts Barry Giller and Peter Clive, mouthing obscenities against immigrants, the education system, dishonesty, and mindless conformity.Nightingale, Chris. "A Taste of the British: Made In Britain Review". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. Trevor refuses to keep the peace, and eventually Barry and Peter decide to send him to a secure unit. However, while Barry is out making arrangements to send Trevor away, Peter offers to take Trevor banger racing if he promises to behave. Trevor and Errol make their way into the office, where Trevor rummages through the documents until he finds their respective files. Trevor reads through Errol\'s reports and contract, and finds a report titled \'The Future\', which reads "It seems unlikely for this child to return home, his mother having rejected him for her own lifestyle. Bearing this in mind, future care seems to be the alternative. We would recommend a care order be made, in order to be able to continue our assessment of his needs." He then proclaims to Errol "You\'re in here for life, mate!". Errol looks confused and dejected and asks "What\'ll I do!?". Trevor is enraged. He drops the files on the floor and tells Errol to "Piss on it, fuckin\' shit on it!". Errol defecates on his files, and Trevor urinates on his."DVD Verdict: Made In Britain Review". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. Trevor and Errol get out of the assessment centre, and drive away in the centre\'s Ford Transit van. They reach Mr. Shahnawaz\'s neighbourhood and hurl stones through the windows, and scream racial slurs. They get into the van and drive away. Trevor drives to a police station, and smashes the van into a car. Errol is rendered unconscious by the impact. Trevor exits the van and runs away, leaving Errol to be apprehended by the police. He begins running into a tunnel, and screams "Bollocks!" Inside the tunnel, he discards his t-shirt, and screams at a passing vehicle after trying to kick it. Trevor walks past a school, presumably his, pausing to gaze through the iron gates before continuing on his way. It is early morning by the time Trevor reaches Harry Parker\'s home. Harry is busy packing, and is preparing to leave on a holiday with his family. He is displeased to see Trevor in this state. He tells him to go back to the assessment centre before it is too late. Trevor informs Harry of his misadventures, and tells him that he is turning himself in. Harry, although reluctant at first, makes the necessary calls to the police. P.C. Anson smiles and says, \'You think you\'re fucking hard.\' Trevor, for the first time, looks defeated. He slumps in agony and shock, his face reddening. The warder tells Trevor that he is all talk, and decries his protests, saying that he has no choice but to respect authority and obey the rules, like everybody else. The play ends with Trevor recovering from the pain and grinning, as the warders shut the door of his cell.'] ["The story is about a crime boss named Cooper , who runs a set of warehouses in Los Angeles. Just as he is about to close a deal that will net him a whole block of L.A. turf, problems arise. As he continues to talk to the police and has a relationship with a young woman , Cooper's pals wonder if he is planning to reveal other things about their plans. Trouble is afoot."] ["Lilly Dillon  is a veteran con artist who begins to rethink her life when her son Roy , a small-time grifter, suffers an almost-fatal injury when hit with a thrust from the blunt end of a baseball bat, right after a failed scam. Lilly works for a bookmaker, Bobo Justus, handling playback at horse racing tracks&nbsp;&ndash; that is, she makes large cash bets to lower the odds of longshots. On her way to La Jolla for the horse races, she stops in Los Angeles to visit Roy, whom she hasn't seen in eight years. She finds him in pain and bleeding internally. When medical assistance finally comes, Lilly confronts the doctor, threatening to have him killed if her son dies. At the hospital, Lilly meets and takes an instant dislike to Roy's girlfriend, Myra Langtry , who is a few years older than her son. Lilly urges her son to quit the grift, saying he literally doesn't have the stomach for it. Because she leaves late for La Jolla, she misses a race where the winner was paying 70&ndash;1. For this mistake, Bobo burns her hand with a cigar. Myra, like Roy and Lilly, plays all the angles. When her landlord demands payment of late rent, she uses her sex appeal to lure him into bed and forget the rent. She makes a similar offer to a jeweler to get what she wants for a gem she is trying to pawn. Upon leaving the hospital, Roy takes Myra to La Jolla for the weekend. On the train, she notices him conning a group of sailors in a rigged dice game. Myra reveals to Roy that she is also a grifter and is looking for a new partner for a long-con operation. Myra describes her long association with another man, Cole, and how they took advantage of wealthy marks in business cons, including a greedy oil investor, Gloucester Hebbing. A flashback scene in a plush office building culminates in a fake FBI raid with a fake shooting of Myra to discourage Hebbing from going to the police. Roy&nbsp;&ndash; who insists on working only short-term cons&nbsp;&ndash; resists the proposition, fearing she may try to dupe him herself. Myra, seeing Lilly's power over Roy, accuses him of having an incestuous interest in Lilly. Infuriated, Roy strikes her. Myra then plans her revenge. She lets it be known that Lilly has been stealing from Bobo over the years and stashing money in the trunk of her car. Lilly is warned by a friend and flees. Myra follows with the intention of killing her. Roy is called by an FBI agent to identify his mother's body, found in a motel room with the face disfigured. While identifying it as Lilly's, he silently notes that there is no cigar burn on the corpse's hand. Coming back home, he finds Lilly trying to steal all of his money. Lilly, it is revealed, shot Myra in self-defense at the motel and arranged the scene to appear as though Myra's body was actually Lilly's. Roy refuses to let Lilly depart with his money. A desperate Lilly is willing to try anything, first pleading with him, then seducing him, even going so far as to tempt Roy by claiming he is not really her son. Roy rejects her, disgusted. In anger, Lilly swings a suitcase at him and unintentionally breaks a drinking glass onto his neck, slashing an artery. Lilly sobs convulsively while she packs up the money as her son bleeds to death on the floor. In the penultimate shot, she is seen dressed in red, riding an elevator that's heading down . Then she gets into a car and drives off into the night."] ['Starting in 1978, FBI agent Joseph D. Pistone is assigned to infiltrate the New York City–based Bonanno crime family. Calling himself Donnie Brasco and posing as an expert jewel thief from Vero Beach, Florida, he befriends Benjamin "Lefty" Ruggiero, a low-level mob hit man whose personal life is in tatters, and Dominick "Sonny Black" Napolitano, the captain of Lefty\'s crew. Lefty can\'t seem to make enough money, his son is a drug addict and he is continually passed over for promotion within the crime family. He continually reminds Brasco of his growing disillusionment about having spent 30 years as a wiseguy , with little to show for it. In Donnie, at least, Lefty sees a young protégé who might be able to succeed where he failed. He takes Donnie under his wing. Donnie quickly becomes accepted by the other family members, as an "associate"  and is later nearly officially inducted into the mob as a "made man." The longer Pistone plays the role of a gangster, the more he finds himself actually becoming Donnie Brasco during his rare off-duty hours. His long absences and change in personality drive a wedge between Pistone and his wife and three children. Meanwhile, the slightest mistake in his performance as a mobster could result in death to him and his family. In addition, Pistone has come to regard Lefty as a close and trusted friend. He knows that when the day finally comes that the FBI arrests his mob associates, he will be ending Lefty\'s life as surely as if he himself had killed him.'] ['Russell Wong starred as Jian-Wa Chang, a musician who escaped from the People\'s Republic of China after being involved in a student demonstration against the government. He and his brother Wago escaped to the USA; he pursued his music while Wago became drawn to a life of organized crime. Wago and two US Federal Agents are killed; Jian-Wa is held responsible, but a Vietnamese mafioso known as "The General"  is behind the murders. Jian-Wa becomes a fugitive, using his wisdom, music, and martial arts skills to solve problems along the way, on his quest to bring "The General" to justice. As he helps others while traveling, he is aided by the spirit of his murdered brother Wago. In the series, Jian-Wa is constantly on the run from ruthless Federal Agent Dan Sandler , the direct superior to the agents killed in the two-hour films. Agent Judith Phillips  was a member of Sandler\'s team who was convinced that Jian-Wa was innocent and she gradually became his ally. This put her at great odds with Sandler. The series was canceled after the first thirteen episodes aired.'] ["The story is very similar to Akira Kurosawa's influential Rashomon, though in an interview Bertolucci denied having seen that film at the time. The film begins with the brutal image of a prostitute's corpse on the bank of the Tiber in Rome. We then see a series of interrogations of suspects by the police, all of whom are known to have been in a nearby park at the time of the murder. Each suspect recounts his activities during the day and evening, and each narrative serves as a slice of life story. A young man tells the police that he was meeting with priests in order to get a job recommendation, though we see that he and his friends spent the time trying to rob lovers in the park. A gigolo treats both his girlfriends badly. A soldier fails in his attempts at picking up a number of women and falls asleep on a park bench. Two teenage boys share a pleasant afternoon in the company of two teenage girls but end up stealing from a homosexual man in the park. The final flashback depicts the prostitute's murder by a man in clogs who had been interrogated previously and who is finally apprehended at a dance. Each narrative is interrupted by a sudden thunderstorm, which in each case leads to an interlude at the prostitute's apartment as she prepares for her evening."] ['Francoise  is a jealous wife who spies on her playwright husband  one evening after a play and overhears him and his lover Odette , the star of the show, quarreling in the street about him leaving his wife. She reminds Paul how she gave up her previous lover for him, a married man and demands that he leave his wife that night. He protests, he tells Odette, because he does not want to hurt his wife. Paul comes home at 3am and finds that Francoise has waited up for him. Unbeknownst to him, she is distressed at the news and pretends that she knows nothing of the affair. She attempts to seduce him but fails. The more he tries to tell her that he\'s leaving her, she become increasingly agitated, speaking more rapidly as she backs out the door and leaves him alone in the bedroom. Peaking through door, she sees Paul take his gun out of the nightstand and check it before putting back. Francoise sits are her desk and sobs and returns to bed after Paul has gone to sleep. The next morning, Paul awakes to find that Francoise has left for day and she has left a note indicating that she is running errands. She sees a lawyer to find out how she can keep him from divorcing her. She learns that there is nothing legally she can do to compel him to stay. The lawyer suggests that they can make him pay for leaving her but that is not satisfactory for her as she want Paul, not his money. That night at the theater, Paul tries to tell Odette why he was not able to tell Francoise he is leaving her. She is upset as he has promised and failed at this before. He promises to leave Francoise that night and Odette tells him that she will not kiss him again until he has left. meanwhile, elsewhere in the city a man has robbed a bank and shot a teller. He escapes in his car which he leaves parked near the theater and proceeds to try to blend into the group of actors arriving for rehearsal. The director is running through a scene again and again, until they get it right and he instructs Odette to repeat her entrance from off stage. As she enters the stage to begin singing a shot rings out and she fallen to the floor dead. The bank robber is seen climbing into the catwalk of the theater. The police are summoned and find him but he swears that he does not know Odette and he did not kill her. He is arrested for Odette\'s murder. As Paul leaves the theater, he finds a gun, exactly like his tossed into a fire bucket full of water and immediately knows that his wife committed the murder. When he returns home Francoise is preparing for a dinner party she is giving that night. Paul asks her where she has been all day and if she knew what happened to at the theater. She replied that she did\' He asked he if she lost anything while she was out and shows her the gun. With a glassy stare she tells him, "I never travel with firearms". At the dinner party, the topic of crimes of passion comes up and Francoise defends a woman\'s right to commit a crime of passion because the parties who have wronged her have killed her first. After the dinner, he confronts her and calls her a fiend. She tells him that she intends not to say anything and at first he threatens to turn her in to the police. Instead he tells Francoise that he will stay and keep her secret to watch her fall apart. He moves out of the bedroom. Two months pass and Paul notes in his diary that Francoise still has not turned herself in but instead exhibits a cool unemotional exterior. At dinner she tells Paul that she intend to leave him and travel. Odette\'s dog is brought to Paul while they are at dinner and Paul decides to keep him since he has no home. The dog\'s presence makes Francoise uneasy. Francoise reads Paul\'s diary and in the last entry he says that even if she travels her feelings of guilt will follow her. The last line says that he is unable to feel sorry for her. Francoise puts a line though that last line and underneath writes, "I am staying". Francoise unexpectedly shows up at a party Paul is throwing for the 100th performance of his play, the party is being held on the stage. He had just finished telling everyone that she wasn\'t coming because she was feeling unwell. The rest if the crowd seems pleased to see her but when she sits and the table offers a toast to her, Paul remains silent. As she sits at the table, A young actor who is drunk, flirts with her and forces her out into the dance floor for a dance. Francoise keeps seeing the shooting over and over again and leaves the room. Paul notes in his diary that Francoise is rapidly becoming weighed down by her guilt. By now she is looking very ill and tired but refuses to allow Paul to call a doctor for her. He receives a letter that at first he refuses to read to her. When she demands he read it, she finds out that the bank robber has been convicted of Odette\'s murder and sentenced to death. Francoise goes to her friend, the district attorney and asks for permission to see the Castelli , condemned man. He is hostile to her when she is let into his cell. She confesses to him that she murdered Odette. He tells her that she should go away and to never mention it again, he would have been executed for killing the bank teller anyway. He sees it as a joke, the authorities are going to execute him for a crime he truly did not commit. It is six month later and Paul tells Francoise that she is the only person suffering more than him but as long as she won\'t confess, she will continue to die inside. At dinner that night, she sees a paper where Castelli confessed to killing Odette just before being hanged. While she is unconscious her mind plays though all of the events of the past six months. When she wakes up, Paul tells her that she is the only person who can help herself. After a moment\'s pause, she picks up the phone and makes an appointment to see the attorney general to turn herself in for the murder. Paul says that he will stand by her throughout her upcoming ordeal. She declines his offer but asks that he comes to visit her in jail occasionally. He helps her dress and once more she tells him to remain as she leaves to make her way to confess to the murder. As she walks, along, Paul is walking a distance behind her. A boy runs into the street after a ball. He falls as a truck is bearing down on him. Francoise jumps into the street to save him and sustains a critical head injury. The doctor gives Paul the good news that while Francoise will live, she has lost her memory of her entire life and how to do basic functions such as feeding herself, their names and her entire life history. This includes her murder and subsequent guilt. The final scene shows that Paul has taken Francoise to the south of France to recuperate, She is repeating simple words such as "sand" and "mountain" and he is taking care of her, convinced that this is God\'s plan.'] ['This drama film centres on the activities of a gang of assorted criminals and, in particular, their leader – a psychopathic young hoodlum known as "Pinkie" – the film\'s main thematic concern is the criminal underbelly evident in inter-war Brighton. Greene and Terence Rattigan wrote the screenplay for the 1947 film adaptation, produced and directed by John and Roy Boulting, with assistant director Gerald Mitchell. The climax of the film takes place at the Palace Pier, which differs from the novel, the end of which takes place in the nearby town of Peacehaven.'] ['Partygoers gather at a mansion. A man named Bobby also enters the party, though he is out of place in the well dressed group. A man tries to make him leave, but Bobby claims to have an appointment with Cissy. When Cissy shows up, Bobby says he has a business opportunity for him, a dry cleaning store. Cissy\'s goons laugh at him, but Cissy gives Bobby some chips and tells him to have fun, eat, and then they\'ll talk. Bobby notices a station wagon entering the garage. In the garage, the man in the station wagon opens the back to reveal a Doberman Pinscher, muzzled, in a small metal cage. Back at the party, Bobby snacks until Cissy comes to visit. Bobby tries again to get him to consider the business, but Cissy only asks if he is drinking, which Bobby denies. Cissy leads him downstairs where the other party goers are gathering. A white pit bull is on one side being held by a man, while the doberman\'s cage is on the other. Cissy begins the fight and the dogs are released. The doberman is seriously wounded during the fight and is, later that night, thrown into the river by his owner. The dog awakens from his stupor and struggles desperately to swim. The next morning, Baby takes money from an envelope hidden in the headboard of a bed, and buys a cigarette lighter, which she has giftwrapped. Back at the house she decorates a misshapen cake with M&M\'s. Bobby discovers the missing money, and yells at her for stealing the money, then takes her back to the store to return the lighter and takes her to dinner. They arrive home to find Cissy and some of his goons waiting in their apartment. Bobby complains about Cissy breaking in, but Cissy says he got a key from his sister and questions whether Brenda was really happy in such a dump. Cissy tells him to come by and he might have something for him. Baby finds the Doberman, shivering and whimpering in pain. She cares for him as best she can, and he follows her home, and from there into a subway station, where he is captured by animal control employees. Baby finds where the dog was taken, but animal control says they can\'t release him because of a complaint. Baby distracts the worker by dropping some money, and quietly lifts the latch on the kennel, then leaves. That night, the dog escapes the pound and finds his way back to Baby. In the morning, Bobby recognizes it as the fighting dog he saw at Cissy\'s and demands she gets rid it. He goes to Cissy, where he is offered a job doing pickups with car included. Bobby accepts. Cissy seems to blame Bobby for his sister\'s death, but Bobby said her problems started long before they got together. Baby returns the dog to where she found it, but it gets back to the apartment before she does. Bobby goes out to do his pick ups. At Cissy\'s place, Cissy complains that Bobby has been on time all day and even refused a drink, obviously expecting that Bobby would mess up. Cissy thinks Baby is too much for Bobby to raise and sends two of his goons to go pick up Bobby and make sure he is a few hundred short on the money. Bobby asks what\'s going on and they pretend to check the receipts while refusing to tell him where they are going. They take him out to a remote bridge area, accuse him of being short, and drag him out of the car where the proceed to beat him. Bobby manages to fight them off. Bobby gets to a phone and calls Baby. He tells her they are taking a trip and to pack a bag very quickly, then meet him at the steps of the park. She comes, with the dog. Bobby hustles her into the car with the bag, but refuses to allow her to bring the dog. She refuses to come, and he relents but abandons the dog in a junkyard. At a truck stop, Bobby explains that they are going to Los Angeles and lies and says that Cissy loaned it to him for the trip. As they leave, the girl drops her glove in the parking lot. Back in Chicago, Cissy and his men are tearing up Bobby\'s apartment where they find a letter from Bobby\'s brother. Cissy says he\'ll let Bobby think he got away with it for a while. Late that night, the dog arrives at the truck stop and finds the girl\'s glove, which he grabs and plays with before continuing his trek. While filling up the gas tank, Bobby asks if he should call George. The girl says he should. While he makes the call, the girl goes to the side of the gas station and leaves a sock on the road. On the phone, Bobby tells George he\'ll be in L.A. that he\'ll be there in the morning and gets an invitation to come over, though after hanging up the phone its obvious George isn\'t happy about the news. Bobby sees Baby putting the sock on the road and tries to take it back, but the girl tells him it\'s a good luck symbol and spins a tale about Indians doing it on their journey. Bobby helps her by putting rocks on it to keep the wind from blowing it. As they head back to the car, Bobby mentions that L.A. has good schools and they can get her enrolled in one. The dog continues to follow. Bobby and Baby arrive at George\'s house where they are greeted warmly. Bobby tells him that he plans to live there and get a job, but they start to argue when George realizes Bobby has no firm plans. The dog stops in the barn of a small ranch, where the owner and its dog find him. The man notices the dog\'s nails are worn down almost to his paws, so he treats them while his dog warms up the doberman. The next morning, the dog sets off again, arriving in Los Angeles the next morning. George tells Bobby he has a contractor friend who might have a job for Bobby. Bobby and George end up in another argument which ends when George leave Bobby on the side of a freeway. When he gets back to the house, Bobby barks at the girl to get her things because they are leaving. Baby asks Bobby about the money again, but he refuses to talk about it. They drive to a motel, but someone steals their car, along with the money. As George and his family eat dinner, Cissy\'s two goons show up asking where Bobby is. George tells him he doesn\'t know where Bobby is, so Cissy leaves his number and tells him to call if Bobby contacts him. Cissy tells him they just want the money and reminds him that they know where George lives. The girl suggests going back to George, but Bobby refuses. Bobby tells her he\'s going to take her to George\'s and leave her there while he gets himself together. He calls George, and apologizes about the fight, confused about why George is so mad. After George explains, Bobby hangs up to realize the girl has left. He searches for her, even calling George again. The dog arrives at the same bridge the girl stood on a few nights ago, and picks up her scent. He follows it through the city, but finds a crying, drunken Bobby instead. The dog leads him to the girl back at the bridge where she ecstatically greets the dog. Bobby, still crying, hugs her and apologizes. They go back to George\'s where the brothers hug. While the girl plays outside, Bobby explains everything to George. Cissy\'s goons beat Bobby up badly. Cissy offers Baby anything she wants if she goes back to Chicago. She goes over to Bobby in answer. As Cissy goes to leave the room, Cissy is confronted by the dog. Cissy doesn\'t believe it\'s the same dog that lost the fight, but when the girl says the dog followed them from Chicago, he decides that he wants the dog to fight again. Cissy tells Bobby its his chance to get out of the situation in one piece. Baby treats Bobby\'s wounds while the dog looks on. While Bobby sleeps, Cissy is on the phone ordering a dog to fight the doberman. Back at the bridge, Baby is crying over the doberman, where Bobby finds her. She tells him she\'s worried and that she loves him. Bobby tells her he has a plan and reminds her of what she used to do when she was little and he and Brenda were fighting. The next day they take the dog to the location for the fight. Bobby leaves Baby outside and tells her he loves her, and tells her to remember "when the bell rings." The doberman is pitted against a huge mastiff-looking dog. When the bell rings, the girl runs in crying Bobby\'s name. The crowd\'s cheers die down and she begs Bobby to make them stop hurting her dog. They stop the fight and break up the dog, and the doberman runs over to the girl. As the crowd quietly stares at Cissy, Bobby walks across the ring and knocks Cissy into the ring, where the doberman attacks him. It rips his coat and pants before getting a hold of Cissy\'s neck. Bobby stands over Cissy and tells him "it\'s over." When Cissy agrees, the dog lets go. Bobby and Baby leave with the dog as Cissy\'s goons help him up.'] ["The plot of Hell Drivers circles around Joe 'Tom' Yateley  who is an ex-convict. Trying to leave his past behind, he decides to start working for Hawlett's Trucking Company, which transports gravel. Trouble begins when he tries to expose his boss's rackets. Baker's character, Yateley, comes from Blaenllechau in the Rhondda, very close to Baker's own birthplace of Ferndale."] ['Milo, an aging Serbian drug lord, attends a meeting for Narcotics Anonymous. The five-days-sober Milo admits that he is worried that the stress of cooking for his daughter\'s 25th birthday celebration will cause him to relapse into using. Milo departs the meeting to pick up a drug shipment with his henchman Branko. Though he requested heroin, the shipment turns out to be 10,000 ecstasy pills. Seeking an explanation, Milo meets with his Albanian supplier Luan. The Albanians agree to send a new shipment of heroin and allow Milo to try to sell the ecstasy as well. After a quick talk with his demanding and spoiled daughter, Milena, Milo goes back to his kitchen to cook for the party. After Milo forces his henchman to try his cooking, he meets his associate Little Muhammed, who has come to drop off his daily yield. The pugnacious Muhammed warns Milo to respect younger hoods like himself, but Milo mockingly calls him the "King Kong of Copenhagen." However, as Milo knows nothing about ecstasy, he needs Muhammed to set up a buyer for the pills. When all of Milo\'s henchmen get food poisoning from his cooking, Milo has no choice but to trust Muhammed to make the sale alone and return within an hour. The birthday celebration begins and Milo splits his time mingling with guests, cooking, and trying to contact the tardy Muhammed. While buying wine at an underground store, Milo learns that Milena\'s boyfriend, Mike, is in fact a small-time drug dealer. He forces Mike to accept him as his sole supplier of heroin, and then haggles with his daughter over the price. While waiting in a restaurant for an emergency supply of fish, Milo bumps into Kurt the Cunt, a low-level drug dealer who gives him some heroin. The over-stressed Milo breaks down and smokes some of it. Having not heard from Muhammed in four hours, Milo contacts a corrupt cop, who promises to find him. Milo meets with Luan to admit that he lost the ecstasy and needs more time to pay for them. The Albanians force Milo to become their subordinate in a human trafficking scheme, using his kitchen as a hideout. Rexho, an Albanian crook, and a Polish pimp arrive to sell a young girl into prostitution. Milo tries to distance himself from the transaction in disgust, but Rexho demands that he serve them food. Milo gives the girl a piece of his daughter\'s birthday cake when she reveals that it is her birthday as well. After Rexho leaves, the girl attempts to flee, but Milo helps run her down. The furious pimp begins savagely beating the girl, which ultimately sends Milo over the edge. In a drug infused rage he beats the pimp to death with a hammer, then waits for Rexho to return and kills him as well. The corrupt cop then delivers Muhammed to Milo in the trunk of his car, warning him not to hurt him. Out of options, Milo seeks help from his old friend and ex-henchman Radovan, who left the underworld to start a successful restaurant. Radovan agrees to help Milo one last time. Radovan helps Milo torture Muhammed, who reveals that the ecstasy pills Milo had received were fake. Milo and Radovan stash Muhammed in an ice chest after he threatens Milo, and then begin butchering the two corpses for disposal. At dawn, Milo returns to his tranquil home and talks with Milena. She wonders why he disappeared during the party, then goes to bed. Milo walks into the backyard and silently smokes a cigarette while looking into his empty swimming pool.'] ['Summer of Sam is the story of a group of people in New York City  in the summer of 1977, a time when the headlines were dominated by the Son of Sam serial killer case. While the Son of Sam is terrorizing New York City, fear-driven residents of a tight-knit Italian-American neighborhood begin to suspect anyone who doesn\'t fit in with the crowd. The movie focuses on a pair of young couples: John Leguizamo plays Vincent , an unfaithful hairdresser married to Dionna , a hard-working waitress; and Adrien Brody as Ritchie, one of Vincent\'s closest friends and a newly-turned punk who dates a woman named Ruby ; Ritchie leads a secret life dancing and selling himself for sex at a gay theatre. A couple who interrupted Vinny having sex with Dionna\'s cousin are killed, and Vinny begins to believe the "Son of Sam" will come after him. Local mob boss Luigi  decides to take it on himself to identify the killer. Vinny\'s friend Joey devises a list of suspects, mainly people he doesn\'t like; at the top of the list is Ritchie, mainly because of his flamboyant and strange lifestyle. Summer temperatures top 100°F, and a blackout hits the five boroughs. Luigi attempts to calm and protect the neighborhood by holding a block party, while Joey leads a mob to defend the borders, beating anyone who tries to enter. Meanwhile, Vinny and Dionna try to go to CBGB to see Ritchie\'s band, but are intimidated by the punks in the crowd. They end up at an orgy party where they get stoned and have sex. Returning home, Vinny mocks Dionna, who leaves him. Joey and his friends strongly suspect Ritchie is the killer; Vinny attempts to dissuade them, but fails. Vinny watches as Ritchie is beaten, only to be rescued by his stepfather, who reveals the Son of Sam was already captured in Yonkers. Unable to face Ritchie, Vinny walks away.'] ['Ivanhoe Martin is a poor Jamaican man in search of a job, before finally getting one as a reggae singer. Upon the verge of a hit record, he discovers the only way he can get a hit record is by signing away the rights. Eventually, Jose (played by [[Carl Bradshaw , one of the first people he met after he moved to Kingston, offers him an opportunity dealing marijuana. He turns to a life of crime and violence. The last ten minutes of the film consist of Ivan swimming towards a speeding ship which would take him to safety. However, he cannot grab onto the ladder dangled off the side, and he opens his eyes to find himself beached ashore. He sleeps in the shade of a tree then wakes, alerted to the presence of policemen with rifles. He comes out and lowers his revolvers, but the police shoot him many times and the film ends abruptly, cutting to the credits. He is presumed dead.'] ["Pablo Morales  is a cheerful taxidermist, who lives with his bitter obsessive wife Gloria , who is extremely religious. After Gloria takes money Pablo was saving and gives it to the church and pretends he was beating her he takes his revenge by poisoning her. He then dissects Gloria's body and places her skeleton in the front window of his shop. The police and local priest become suspicious and he is put on trial but he manages to escape justice."] ['Nino Brown  and his gang, the Cash Money Brothers, become the dominant drug ring within New York City when crack cocaine is introduced to the city streets during the mid and late 1980s. Meanwhile, Scotty Appleton  has a deal with stick-up kid Pookie . The deal goes wrong when Pookie takes the money and runs, causing Scotty into having a long chase and ends up wounding Pookie. He attempts to arrest him but the police let Pookie go. The CMB then convert an entire apartment complex  into a crack house, with assistance from his Nino\'s right hand man Gee Money  and enforcer Duh Duh Man . Scotty Appleton volunteers to go undercover into infiltrating Nino\'s gang and is partnered with Nick Peretti  as they try to convict the gang with evidence of the drug trafficking. On a mission they spy on the CMB, who are giving food to the poor, including Pookie. Scotty then recruits "Pookie" Robinson to work undercover at the Carter to help them gather incriminating evidence against Nino and the Cash Money Brothers. He then manages to get Pookie into recovery for his drug addiction and then to work for the CMB in a high-tech undercover mission. Pookie ends up relapsing and sneaking drugs. While high, Pookie is caught by Gee Money, who also realizes that Pookie is wired. When the cops realize their cover has been blown, the CMB abandon and burn the Carter complex including any evidence of their activities. Later, the cops tries to reach to Pookie but they find him killed with explosives on him. Nick manages to diffuse the bomb before it explodes. Nino discovers that Gee Money ordered the Carter to be destroyed, which makes Nino angry and threatens Gee Money. After Pookie\'s funeral, Scotty takes matters into his own hands by going undercover as a drug dealer who wants to get in with the CMB. Scotty infiltrates the CMB thanks in part to the ambitions  of Gee Money. On their first encounter, Nino tells Scotty a story of how he murdered a woman as a part of his initiation into the L.A. Boyz as a youth. When questioned by Scotty if the murder was personal or business, Nino explains this away by saying: "My brother, it\'s always business. Never personal." Scotty further gains the trust of Nino after "saving" him from a gun-toting old man and by revealing information about Gee Money\'s side-deal. Nino\'s megalomania separates the crime lord from his gang and is the catalyst for their downfall. Scotty\'s cover gets blown during another police sting of CMB operations when one of Nino\'s fellow gang members Karim ([[Christopher Williams  notices him from Pookie\'s wound situation, leading to a gruesome shootout and several police officers and Duh Duh Duh Man are killed in the shootout. On a boat, Nino confronts Gee Money for his act of betrayal and goes on the run, which Nino then regretfully shoots Gee Money in the head, killing him. After the gang\'s collapse, Nino holes up in an apartment and continues his crime empire solo. Eventually, Nino is caught by the undercover cops. Scotty goes right in the apartment as Nick clearly kills a bodyguard guarding Nino\'s apartment and Nino is beaten on a public street for his crimes against the community and as retribution for the mother\'s murder by Scotty. In rage, he says, "This ain\'t business, bitch, this is personal!" before pointing his gun at Nino to put an end to his nemesis. Nick convinces Scotty to let Nino live. Stone and Nino\'s ex-girlfriend arrive to take the severely injured Nino. Nino makes a remark that he will return before he is taken away. At Nino\'s trial, after turning state\'s evidence while on the stand, Nino Brown pleads guilty to a lesser charge . Nino claims he was forced to work for CMB because they threatened his mother, and points the finger at Kareem, whom he falsely claims was the actual leader of CMB. As Nino walks triumphantly out of the courthouse, he is shot in the chest and falls to his death  by an older man , who had earlier tried to convince the police of Nino\'s destruction of the community and had made an attempt on his life. Nick and Scotty happily leave as news reporters takes pictures of Nino\'s corpse.'] ['The film depicts the mutually exploitative relationship that exists between the U.S. military and the lower elements of Japanese society at Yokosuka.'] ["Sydney , a gambler in his 60s, finds a young man, John , sitting forlornly outside a diner and offers to give him a cigarette and buy him a cup of coffee. Sydney learns that John is trying to raise enough money for his mother's burial. He offers to drive him to Las Vegas and teach him how to make some money and survive. Skeptical at first, John agrees. Two years later, John, having gotten the money for the funeral, has stayed in Reno and become Sydney's protégé. John has a new friend named Jimmy  who does security work, and is attracted to Clementine , a cocktail waitress dating John. John and Clementine get married, but later Sydney gets a frantic late-night phone call. He arrives at a motel to find the newlyweds holding hostage a customer refusing to pay Clementine, who moonlights as a prostitute. Sydney manages to smooth the situation over. He then advises John and Clementine to leave town and head to faraway Niagara Falls for their honeymoon. After the two leave, Sydney is confronted by Jimmy, who demands a large amount of money. He knows something about Sydney and threatens to tell John if necessary—that Sydney is the one who killed John's father. Sydney acquiesces and pays the money, but later sneaks into Jimmy's house and shoots him. He then returns to the same diner where he met John. The film ends with Sydney covering up blood on his shirt cuff."] ["New York City 16th Precinct Police Detective Dixon , who's in trouble with his superiors for his heavy-handed tactics, subjects murder suspect and gambler Ken Paine ([[Craig Stevens  to the third degree - he strikes the drunken Paine in self-defense and accidentally kills him. Paine, however, had a silver plate in his head, a fine war record, and newspaper friends. Dixon then dumps Paine's body in the river, and is later assigned to find his killer. Dixon tries to place the blame on an old gangster enemy, Tommy Scalise , yet, he inadvertently places the blame for the killing on cab driver Jiggs Taylor . Having fallen in love with Jiggs' daughter and Paine's estranged wife, Morgan Taylor-Paine , Dixon tries to clear the cabbie without implicating himself, but ultimately he becomes trapped in a web created by himself. The 16th Precinct commander, Detective Lt. Thomas , Dixon's boss, is convinced that Morgan's father is the killer. Dixon continues to find a way to stop Jiggs from being found guilty of murdering Paine, and also tries to redeem himself. In an attempt to move the evidence away from Morgan's father and blame Scalise, Dixon comes face to face with the gangster and his cronies. A shoot-out leaves Dixon wounded, but the police arrive to arrest Scalice and his mob. Jiggs is finally cleared of the charges. At the end Dixon reassesses his life and decides to confess. He's arrested and goes to jail. He's satisfied that Morgan will wait for him until his release."] ["Lori is an unhappy 15/16-year-old girl who lives with her single mother. She receives sexual attention from men, including her boss at a retail store and her mothers' boyfriend Gary. Eric Komenko  is an 18-year-old boy who has killed his parents. Incarcerated, Komenko frequently gets visits from Lt. Cristofuoro , the detective who arrested him. Cristofuoro is convinced Komenko is a psychopath, that he killed two teenage girls previously, and that he will kill again. After Eric is released from the juvenile detention facility, he lives with his aunt. His release attracts some media attention, which leads Lori to seek out Eric at his home. Lori gets in the back of Eric's car to seek shelter from rain, and she falls asleep. When Eric leaves for the weekend to meet another girl at an amusement park, Lori pops up from under a blanket while Eric is driving. The scare and near accident which follows cause a bit of a situation with the police. Reluctantly, Eric allows Lori to continue the journey with him. She tells him she saw him kiss a girl down by a river shortly before he murdered his parents. Eric realizes she saw him with the girl he choked to death in his first, unsolved murder, and attempts to kill Lori several times. Each time he is thwarted, either by Lori or by other circumstances. At the amusement park, it is revealed that Maria, the girl Eric was to meet, was bait by Cristofuoro in a plot to find Eric in order to trap him before he repeats his past mistakes. Lori warns him of the trap before he harms Maria. Because Cristofuoro cannot charge Eric with a crime, Eric is released and Lori is warned of Eric's nature. When Eric and Lori make a boat trip, Lori commits suicide by allowing herself to fall into the water although she is unable to swim. Eric tries to save her, but to no avail. Eric is then seen in the custody of a penitentiary in Cristofuoro's presence. Although the detective admits to believing Eric's explanation, Cristofuoro explains that Eric belongs in prison and expects Lori's death will provide enough reason to keep Eric imprisoned. In the end, it is revealed that Lori saw Eric put the dead girl in the river."] ["Leo Handler  rides the subway to a his mother's house in Queens, New York, where she has thrown a surprise party in honor of his parole. His cousin Erica  is at the party with her boyfriend Willie Gutierrez . Willie takes Leo aside and thanks him for serving time in prison, implying that Leo had taken a fall for their gang of friends. Leo is eager to find a job to support his mother , who has a heart condition. Willie suggests working for Erica's stepfather Frank Olchin ([[James Caan . The next day, Leo meets with Frank at the railway car repair company that he owns. Frank encourages him to enter a 2-year machinist program and offers to help finance his studies. Needing to work right away, Leo asks about working with Willie at the company. Frank discourages that idea. Later, Willie tells Leo not to worry about it, because Frank tried to get him to enroll in a machinist program as well. Willie invites Leo to watch him work the next day. At Brooklyn Borough Hall, Willie explains how corrupt the contract system is for repair work on the subway. After a hearing to award contracts, Willie is approached by Hector Gallardo  about leaving Frank's firm for his. Willie brushes him off, and he takes Leo with him to Roosevelt Island where he bribes the official in charge of awarding contracts. One night, Willie takes Leo with him to a rail yard, where he and a gang sabotage the work of Gallardo's firm, in order to lower their quality rating and lessen their ability to get contracts. Willie tells Leo to stand watch while the crew sabotages the train couplings. Meanwhile, Willie heads into the yard master's office to pay him off with Knicks tickets. The yard master tells Willie to get his crew off the tracks, because Gallardo had brought him $2,000 in cash earlier in the week. The yard master sounds the alarm, which draws a police officer to the tracks where he sees Leo. Terrified of returning to jail, Leo tries to run. When the cop begins to hit Leo with his night stick, Leo fights back and beats the cop into unconsciousness. As he runs off, he sees Willie in the office killing the yard master. As the cop lies in a coma at a hospital, the crew tells Leo that he must murder him, to prevent him from identifying Leo when he wakes up. They warn Leo that if the cop lives, then they will have to kill Leo. At the hospital, Leo is too scared to murder the cop, and he flees. When the cop awakes, he identifies Leo as his attacker, triggering a broad manhunt. The police assume that Leo is also responsible for the yard master's murder. When the police raid his mother's apartment, she has a heart attack, leaving her in an even weaker state. Even though Willie has told him to lay low, Leo emerges from hiding to visit his sick mother. Erica is tending to her, and she asks Leo if Willie was with him at the train yards. She realizes that it was Willie who actually killed the yard master, and she breaks off their engagement. Erica sets up a meeting between Leo and Frank, but Leo realizes that Frank is prepared to kill him. Out of options, Leo turns to Gallardo for protection. With Gallardo's lawyers at his side, Leo turns himself in at a public hearing into the rail yard incident and contract corruption. Realizing that Leo's testimony is in no one's interest, Frank and Gallardo negotiate a new split of the contracts with the Queens Borough President in a backroom deal. Meanwhile, Willie visits Erica, trying to win her back. Frank told him that Erica and Leo had been in love when they were younger, and they were caught having sex. Fearful of the broken-hearted and jealous Willie, Erica triggers the house alarm. Willie tries to embrace her, and as she pulls away, a scuffle ensues. Willie accidentally throws Erica off the second floor landing, causing her to fall to her death. Outside the house, he surrenders to the police who have responded to the alarm. Erica's death emboldens Leo to ignore the deal that Frank and his cronies brokered. The film closes with him testifying against everyone involved in the corruption."] ["Skipper Todd ([[Robert F. Lyons  is a ne'er-do-well who spends his time wanting to be a rock star and playing mentor to the local high school crowd while sponging off of his mother . He is also the chief suspect in the disappearance of a local girl. After befriending naive Billy Roy ([[Richard Thomas , Todd sets his sights on Roberta ."] ["Harper  is a bank robber posing as a traveling salesman. He arrives in town, soon to be joined by sadistic benzedrine addict Dill  and bookish Chapman . Boyd Fairchild ([[Richard Egan  is manager of the local copper mine, troubled by his philandering wife . He considers an affair with nurse Linda Sherman , though he truly loves his wife. His associate, Shelley Martin , has a happy home life, but is embarrassed that his son believes he is a coward because he did not serve in World War II. Subplots involves a peeping-tom bank manager, Harry Reeves , and a larcenous librarian, Elsie Braden . As the bank robbers carry out their plot, the separate character threads are drawn together. Violence erupts during the robbery. Fairchild's wife is slain and bank manager Reeves is wounded. Martin is held hostage on a farm with an Amish family. With the help of the father , he defeats the crooks in a savage gunfight. In the aftermath, Martin becomes a hero to his son, and Linda comforts Fairchild as he grieves for his wife."] ["Johnny Doyle escapes a violent past in Ireland to lie low in London, until his former mentor Flynn breaks out of Brixton Prison, hellbent on derailing the Irish peace process with a few well-placed bombs. Unable to escape Brixton, they are trapped together in Johnny's anything-but-safe safe house, sandwiched between a Rastafarian reggae pirate radio station upstairs and a West Indian Yardie heroin-dealing gangster, Julius, downstairs. As the charismatic Flynn finds common ground with the Yardies, Johnny fights to realize a peace process of his own, but makes the mistake of falling for Julius's girlfriend Rita, causing all-out war. It is a thriller in the vein of The Long Good Friday, in which questions of race, morality, identity and loyalty play out against a soundtrack of reggae, rock, new wave, soul and drum and bass."] ["Hopper plays Frankie, a pimp working for the Hollywood Mafia in the late 1980s. Fed up with his violent and abusive boss Sal, Frankie decides to make his own porno movie with his love interest Margaret: a prostitute seeking to escape her heroin addiction and become an actress, and his friend Joe: a washed-up film director who owes a gambling debt to the mob. When Sal finds out he abducts and tortures Margaret and Joey, then films it to taunt Frankie. Instead of heeding Sal's warning and fleeing town, Frankie plots his revenge on his former bossLast Days of Frankie the Fly on Rotten Tomatos"] ['Alpha Dog is based on events that took place in 2000 and characters are given fictional names. The film is set in November 1999. It tells the story of Johnny Truelove , a young drug dealer in Claremont, California and his circle of friends, which includes Frankie Ballenbacher , Tiko "TKO" Martinez , and Elvis Schmidt . The film demonstrates internal gang dynamics and social context that contribute to the events leading to kidnapping and murder. The film starts with all the main characters, suspects, the victim, suspect\'s family, victim family, etc., as little children, playing around, reminiscing their childhood, when everything was carefree. At the end it shows Zack Mazursky. The films opens with an interviewer talking to Sonny  about his son, Johnny. Sonny is sarcastic and hostile, answering many questions with the phrase "I don\'t know anything about that." Johnny\'s father, Sonny Truelove, supplies his son with marijuana, which Johnny distributes to his gang of friends, including Jake Mazursky ([[Ben Foster . Jake owes Johnny a $1,200 drug debt. Mazursky makes a failed attempt at asking for the money from his stepmother, Olivia  and his biological father Butch ([[David Thornton . Olivia and Butch are dealing with their own problems in the form of their rebellious son Zack Mazursky . A fight between Jake and Johnny results in an escalating series of retaliations, which culminates in Johnny, Frankie, and Tiko kidnapping Zack, who they stumble upon while he is walking along the side of the road, just after running away from home. Wanting a break from his home life, Zack makes little effort to escape. Johnny, meanwhile, pawns Zack off on his right-hand man Frankie, who initially offers him a chance to get away. Zack declines the offer, not wanting to cause any trouble for his brother and the two strike up an unlikely friendship. Zack stays with Frankie at his father\'s house, does chores, and ingratiates himself with Frankie\'s friends, including Keith Stratten , and Julie , the youngest member of the group. By this point a number of hangers-on and friends of the gang know of Zack\'s kidnapping, though only Susan  seems concerned about it. Frankie grows nervous when Johnny hypothetically offers Frankie $2,500 to murder Zack and dispose of his body. Frankie furiously declines and Johnny claims it was a joke. Instead, Johnny agrees to Frankie\'s plan to pay Zack to keep his mouth shut. However, after a conversation with his lawyer and threatening phone calls from Jake, Johnny decides the risk of ending up in prison or getting killed is too great to let Zack go. Johnny calls Elvis and offers to erase a drug debt if he kills Zack. Meanwhile, at a raucous going-away party, Zack demonstrates his martial arts skills on Frankie, who realizes he could have escaped at any time. Frankie and his friends still believe Zack will be returning home at the end of the night. Zack has a good time, including hooking up with Julie and her friend Alma  when they were skinny-dipping in the pool. Julie gives Zach her number and Alma gives him a good-bye kiss on the cheek. Elvis arrives at the hotel where Zack is waiting to be picked up and struggles with Frankie before threatening him with death if he interferes with the hit. Elvis takes Keith to dig a grave while Frankie offers Zack a final opportunity to go home. Believing he is part of the group and will soon return home safely, Zack prefers to wait at the hotel for Elvis to come back. Meanwhile, Sonny, Cosmo , and Johnny\'s lawyer confront Johnny, who refuses to call off the hit. Frankie, Elvis, Zack, and Keith arrive in at the grave site. Zack is not aware of what\'s going on and grows suspicious when a deeply saddened Keith silently tells Frankie he can\'t go through with it, and, after giving Zack a goodbye hug, goes to wait in the car. Zack sees the grave and begins to break down, sobbing and begging Frankie and Elvis to let him go. Frankie tells Elvis that they shouldn\'t do it, but Elvis is keen on the job he\'s been given. Realizing now that there\'s no going back, Frankie calms Zack down and tells him that he would never hurt him, and ties a weeping Zack up with tape. He is astonished when Elvis violently knocks Zack into the grave with the shovel and then fires at Zack with a submachine gun, killing him. Frankie and Elvis then silently leave. Despite all the cover up, Zack\'s body is found three days later. The epilogue shows the aftermath of the crime. Olivia, now suffering from obesity and depression, is interviewed. She talks candidly about her failed suicide attempts and the loss that she has experienced from her son\'s murder. Susan confronts Frankie over Zack\'s death and goes to the authorities. Elvis is caught while trying to secure a ride out of L.A. Johnny flees the city and arrives at the house of an old school friend. The friend drives him back to his godfather Cosmo\'s  house, where he enters and is not seen again. Tiko, Frankie, and Keith are arrested. After being convicted, they all serve their respective sentences: Tiko serving nine years for the kidnapping; Keith serving at a juvenile facility until the age of 25 for digging Zack\'s grave and second-degree murder; Frankie serving a seven years to life for special circumstances of aggravated kidnapping. Elvis is put on death row for kidnapping and murdering Zack. Johnny, however, is nowhere to be found. The interviewer asks Sonny how Johnny was able to escape authorities for four years without help. Sonny assures him that he doesn\'t know where Johnny is. In 2005, after over five years of being on the America\'s Most Wanted list, Johnny is finally found and arrested in Paraguay. Text on the screen informs the audience that Johnny is in California awaiting trial, and, if proven guilty, faces the death penalty.'] ['Obsessed by the world of pool, Johnny  could be one of the best. But his mentor and "trainer" Joe , a shady hustler who decides how and who Johnny plays, is holding him back from his dream. When the day finally comes, Johnny breaks from Joe, which leads to only one thing -- violence. Joe is beaten up by some of Johnny\'s buddies as a sign to leave him alone, and with this final act of freedom, Johnny leaves the world of pool-sharking. After an ultimatum from his girlfriend Tara , Johnny finally commits to a "real" job in the construction business, but is soon miserable there. He finds himself spending most of his time with his younger brother Danny  who it seems is following in his footsteps on the road to a life Johnny left when he broke from Joe. As for Joe, he is bent on revenge for the beating he took, and soon he has a new protégé Brad  who is just as good if not better than Johnny. And he\'s got his eye on Johnny\'s brother. The two play a high-stakes game of pool which ends in a huge debt owed to Joe, and soon Johnny finds that his brother is in jail for trying to steal the money he owes. The only way out for Johnny is to play Brad, which results in a "race to nine" showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money, and Johnny and Danny\'s lives.'] ["Like everyone in Riverton, Indiana, seventeen-year-old Robert Gartland  loves his school's basketball team, the Riverton Giants. His best friend, Matt Morrison , is the star of the Riverton Giants. When Matt makes Robert take part in the robbery of a small-time drug dealer, things do not go as planned and Robert faces the challenge of saving the team from a desperate predicament with the state championship and Matt’s future on the line. In Indiana, high school basketball is a way of life. This fanaticism serves as a backdrop for a story that explores peer pressure, perspective and the difference between a friend and a hero. Gar believes Matt can do no wrong. While he supports and encourages his best friend’s antics, Gar finds himself falling in love with Bridgette, an outsider who does not embrace the celebrity status given basketball players in her new hometown. From high school parties, pep rallies and Hoosier hysteria, to robbing a drug dealer, being stalked and blackmailed, defying a hero and confronting his adversaries, Gar comes to terms with his false belief, and gains a new level of awareness about himself and his hometown."] ['In this lurid melodrama Tod Slaughter plays a villain who murders the wealthy Sir Percival Glyde in the gold fields of Australia and assumes his identity in order to inherit his estate in England. On arriving in England he schemes to marry an heiress for her money and, with the connivance of the enigmatic Count Fosco, embarks on a killing spree of all who suspect him to be an imposter and get in the way of his plans to be the Lord the Manor.'] ['The film starts in the 1940s, during another drought in the sertão, when ranch hand Manuel  is fed up with his situation. His boss tries to cheat him of his earnings and Manuel kills him, fleeing with his wife, Rosa . Now an outlaw, Manuel joins up with a self-proclaimed saint who condones violence  and preaches disturbing doctrines. It is now Rosa who turns to killing and the two are on the move once again. And so it goes, the two running from one allegiance to another, following the words of others as they attempt to find a place in their ruthless land. Blending mysticism, religion, and popular culture in this symbolic and realistic drama, Rocha insists that rather than follow the external and obscure dogmas of culture and religion, man must determine his path by his own voice.'] ["A canary yellow vintage Super Bee pulls up short on a New York City street, and Monty Brogan gets out with his buddy Kostya to look at a dog lying in the road. The animal was mauled in a dogfight and Monty intends to shoot him but changes his mind after he looks him in the eye and decides to take him to a nearby clinic instead. Fast forward to late 2002, and Monty is about to begin serving a 7 year prison sentence for dealing drugs. He sits in the park with his dog, Doyle, thinking of his last day of freedom. He plans to meet his childhood friends Frank and Jacob that night at a club with his girlfriend Naturelle. Frank Slaughtery is a hot shot investment banker on Wall Street and Jacob Elinsky is an introverted high school teacher from a privileged family, with a crush on one of his 11th grade students. He visits his father, James, a former firefighter and recovering alcoholic who owns and runs a bar, to confirm their plans to drive to the prison the following morning. Though Monty's drug money helped him keep the bar, James is full of remorse, and he sneaks a drink when Monty goes to the bathroom. Monty, facing himself in the mirror, lashes out in his mind against everyone else: all the New York stereotypes he can think of, from the cabbies to the firefighters, the corner grocers to the mobsters, as if he hates them all. Monty sold drugs for Uncle Nikolai, a Russian mobster, along with Kostya. Kostya tries to persuade Monty it was Naturelle who turned him in since she knew where he hid his drugs and money. Monty refused to turn state's evidence against Nikolai but he's not sure what Nikolai will do when he meets him at the club that night. He remembers how he met Naturelle when she was 17, hanging around his old school, and how happy they were before he was arrested. He persuades Frank to help him find out if it was Naturelle who betrayed him. When they all meet at the club, Jacob sees his student, Mary, and Monty invites her in with them. Monty and Frank talk about what kind of a future he can have after prison, and Frank says they can open a bar together, even though he told Jacob he believes Monty's life is over and he deserves his sentence for dealing drugs. Frank baits Naturelle by accusing her of living high on Monty's money, and not caring where it came from, but she reminds him that he knew as well and said nothing. Jacob, meanwhile, finds the courage to kiss Mary, but both of them appear to be in shock afterwards and go their separate ways. Monty and Kostya go down to talk with Uncle Nikolai, who gives Monty advice on surviving in prison. Then Nikolai tells him it was Kostya, not Naturelle, who betrayed him, and offers him the chance to kill Kostya in exchange for protecting his father's bar. Monty refuses, reminding Nikolai that he asked Monty to trust Kostya in the first place, and he tells them he's done, and that his father is done with them, and he walks out. After they leave, he tells Naturelle that he's sorry he mistrusted her, and he has one last thing to do. He goes to the park with Jacob and Frank, and asks Jacob to look after Doyle. Then he admits that he is terrified of being raped in prison, and asks Frank to beat him, saying if he goes in ugly he might have a chance at survival. Frank refuses, and Monty tries to provoke him, until Jacob intervenes and Monty attacks him. Frank grabs Monty, who goads him into taking out his frustration in a fistfight, leaving Monty bruised and bloody, with a broken nose, and Frank in tears. Monty gets up and goes home. Naturelle tries to comfort him, but Monty's father arrives to take him to Otisville. As his father drives him to the prison, James suggests they go west, into hiding, giving Monty one last vision of freedom. Once again Monty sees a parade of faces from the streets of the city, all the people he will miss; and together, they envision a future where Monty escapes imprisonment, reunites with Naturelle, starts a family, and grows old. As the fantasy ends, we see that their car has gone past the turn off to head west."] ['Frederick Frenger, Jr. , a violent psychopath recently released from a California prison, starts a new life in Miami. Before leaving the airport, he steals luggage and kills a Hare Krishna after breaking his finger. Junior checks into a hotel and hooks up with Susie Waggoner, a naive prostitute who is a student at a community college. They become romantically involved and take a house together, with Susie blissfully unaware of Junior\'s criminal activities and harboring fantasies of living happily ever after. An investigation of the Hare Krishna murder leads grizzled cop Sgt. Hoke Moseley to come knocking on their door. Moseley shares a home-cooked dinner with the couple, upon Susie\'s suggestion, and plays it cool while seemingly indicating to Junior that he\'s on to him. He overtly suspects Junior has been in prison and wants him to come to the police station for a lineup. Being a proactive criminal, Junior goes to Moseley\'s home that night, assaults him, and steals his gun and badge. Junior begins using the badge, demanding bribes as rewards after breaking up robberies, only to keep the loot for himself. He\'s highly enjoying his new role as criminal with a badge and the perks it holds for him. Susie happily cooks for him. While at a grocery store, Junior witnesses an armed robbery and decides to break it up. He lectures the gunman about avoiding a life of crime, but the gunman runs a truck over him. Junior complains to Susie that the "straight life" has made him too soft. Moseley tracks down the couple through a utility account opened up in Susie\'s name. He pretends to run into her at the grocery store, where they swap recipes. After she lies that she has left Junior, Moseley tells her that Junior\'s a murderer and that he and the police are looking for him. Back home, to test whether he will lie to her, Susie deliberately ruins a pie by adding too much vinegar to it. To her disappointment, Frenger compliments the dessert and eats it with gusto. The next day, Junior asks Susie to drive him around town on errands. Their first stop is a pawn shop, which he robs. In the course of the robbery, the pawnbroker chops off several of Frenger\'s fingers before being killed by him. Badly injured, he limps to the car, but Susie drives away upon realizing what he\'s done. Moseley pursues him to the house, where he shoots and kills Junior. Junior, being ironic with his last words, tells Moseley, "Susie\'s gonna get you, Sarge." Susie then arrives and Moseley asks why she stayed with him for so long. She explains that he ate everything she ever cooked and never hit her.'] ["Four crooks  plan and execute a robbery on a payroll van, using the inside knowledge of Dennis Pearson, who works as an accountant at the firm. Pearson is under pressure to support his wife Katie ([[Françoise Prévost  who demands a higher standard of living. However the van driver, Harry Parker, is killed during the heist, whilst Bert is fatally wounded by Parker's colleague Frank Moore, who opens fire as the gang open the back door of the van. They manage to get away with £100,000. Parker's widow Jackie , decides to take matters into her own hands, and finds out that Pearson was the 'inside man'. She finds him by ringing all the Pearsons in the phone directory until she locates him, and then starts posting threatening letters to him. Katie however in the meantime has become involved with Johnny, hoping to get some of the money for herself. As the gang start to argue amongst themselves, they are pursued by both Katie and Jackie. The film's climax takes place in Norfolk, with Johnny and Katie double-crossing each other and Jackie tracking Johnny in her bid for revenge. Payroll was relatively unusual for the time in being shot on location in Newcastle."] ['{{prune}} In the spring of 1969, Anthony Curtis  is about to graduate from high school. However, Anthony is not going to college, but needing to get away from home to find himself, he enlists in the U.S. Marine Corps shortly after graduation. He is sent to Vietnam, leaving behind his middle-class family, a pregnant girlfriend ([[Rose Jackson , and small time crook Kirby , who is like a second father. Anthony\'s close friend Skip  later joins Curtis\'s squad after flunking out of college, and Jose ([[Freddy Rodriguez  is drafted into the Army. Once in the Marines, Curtis meets gung-ho lieutenant Dugan , and his wartime friend, Cleon , a religious yet deadly staff sergeant. During their tour in Vietnam as members of a Force Recon unit, they experience the horrors of war, losing several fellow Marines during combat. The Marines  also commit atrocities, including executing enemy prisoners and beheading corpses for war trophies. One of their squad, D\'Ambrosio , is the victim of the North Vietnamese, and is disemboweled and castrated. While waiting for medivac, Anthony, succumbing to the request of the dying D\'Ambrosio, gives the man a fatal dose of morphine. One of their squad is killed by stepping on a land mine and a night ambush ensues, with NVA troops and half of Anthony\'s team killed; Dugan is killed after Skip "freezes up" during the gunfight when he is ordered to cover him. Cleon manages to hold off the enemy long enough for Anthony and the last of the crew to escape. When Anthony returns to The Bronx in 1973, after four years of service and presumably multiple combat tours in Vietnam, attaining the rank of sergeant, he finds returning to "normal" life is impossible. He finds his friend Skip, who used drugs during the war, is now a heroin addict. Jose, after serving as a demolitions expert, during which he lost his hand, has become a pyromaniac. Cleon is now a devoted minister. And Kirby has since become legitimate due to police cracking down on his criminal business. Anthony is laid off from his job in a butcher shop and finds himself unable to support his daughter. During a pool game at Kirby\'s, Cowboy  makes fun of Anthony and informs him that Cutty  was having sex with his girlfriend Juanita while he was deployed in Vietnam. Anthony then beats Cowboy with a pool stick out of rage. Anthony pesters Juanita into admitting to sleeping with Cutty to provide for their daughter. Anthony meets his girlfriend\'s sister Delilah , a member of the "Nat Turner Cadre", a fictional group similar to black revolutionaries. Delilah has always had a crush on Anthony and decides to help him with a plot he devises. Anthony, Kirby, Skip, Jose, Delilah and Cleon plan to rob an armored car making a stop at the Noble Street Federal Reserve Bank of the Bronx. Skip and Cleon act as lookouts, Kirby is the getaway driver, Delilah waits in a dumpster across the street, and Anthony and Jose hide under the loading docks, all armed. Though they plan the heist very carefully, it goes horribly wrong when a policeman stumbles on the scene. The policeman interferes, talking to Cleon. Cleon says he\'s waiting for a city bus. The officer thinks it\'s odd since it\'s way too early for any buses coming and decides to check the bus schedule for Cleon. Anthony and Jose decide to ambush the armed guards. But the driver sees the two coming out armed, from his rear-view mirror. As soon as he alerts his fellow officers, Anthony holds one officer at gunpoint, while Jose grabs one bag stack with money and officers begin shooting at Jose. Jose hide behind cover. Another officer is about to shoot Anthony, but Delilah hops out of the dumpster and screams while she shoots the officer dead. This distracting Anthony, the officer tries to knock the shotgun out of Anthony\'s hands. They struggle for the gun, and Anthony headbutts the officer and pistol whips him, wounding him severely. The officer talking to Cleon, hears all the commotion and takes out his gun. This results in Kirby hopping out the car and shooting at the officer, but, Kirby is shot in the arm, and Skip comes up behind the officer and shoots him in the head, killing him. Jose quickly grabs a detonator, an explosive device, and hops on the moving truck, with the driver trying to leave the scene. Kirby gets in his car and blocks the truck\'s entry. Kirby quickly hops out the car and runs as Jose places the explosive device in the back of the van. Jose jumps off and the truck driver slams into Kirby\'s car and Jose detonates the bomb, blowing up the truck, killing the driver and burning much of the cash. Anthony, Skip, Kirby and Cleon are furious that Jose burned much of the cash, but quickly manage to grab over $300,000. The explosion attracts more officers and as one is about to shoot Anthony Delilah shoots and misses him and the officer shoots her dead. In a fury of rage, Anthony shoots him and then beats to death the officer that he had pistol whipped earlier when he revives and reaches for his gun. The remaining crew splits up, as Jose runs in an alleyway with the cash, a police cruiser chases him. Jose kills the driver, but the officer in the passenger seat uses the dead officer to drive Jose into against a brick wall killing him. Anthony decides that Jose\'s cut goes to his wife Marisol and their kids and Delilah\'s cut goes to the poor children on Christmas. Kirby wants to kill Cleon before he gets arrested and rats them out. Anthony, who wants no more bloodshed, tells Kirby, he\'ll take care of it but Cleon  gives up the other thieves as part of a plea bargain. NYPD officers storm Skip\'s apartment to find that he has died of a heroin overdose. As Kirby and Anthony prepare to leave the country police show up, and Kirby tells Anthony to run, fighting off the officers with the pool sticks, but Anthony is cornered and he surrenders. In court, Anthony is tried, convicted, and sent to prison for 15 years to life. Anthony berates the judge , a war veteran himself, who goes so far as to call him a disgrace to any person who put on uniform and served his country. Upon receiving his sentence, Anthony gets angry and throws a chair at the judge. The films ends as Anthony boards a prison bus.'] ["The original Italian is La Viaccia . The death of a wealthy patriarch in 1885 sets off an interfamily power struggle. Son Ferdinando buys out his other relatives in order to gain full control over the dead man's property. But Ferdinando's country-bumpkin nephew Amerigo holds out. Amerigo's stance is weakened when he heads for the city and meets prostitute Bianca. To support her in the manner in which she is accustomed, Amerigo steals from his uncle. Disgraced in the eyes of his family, Amerigo decides to stay near his beloved Bianca by becoming a bouncer in her brothel."] ['The title of the film is taken from Bentley\'s alleged cry of "Let him have it, Chris!" shortly before Christopher Craig shot and wounded the first policeman on the scene. Crown prosecutors suggested that Bentley meant "Go ahead and shoot him," whilst Frank Cassells for the defence argued that he meant "Give him the gun" . Craig was sentenced to gaol "at Her Majesty\'s pleasure", and spent ten years there. He has been a law abiding citizen ever since. Derek Bentley\'s father bought an expensive bottle of wine in 1958 to celebrate their victory should Derek be proved innocent. However, Bentley\'s parents never got to drink it. His father William Bentley died on 12 July 1974 and his mother died on 10 October 1976. The film\'s end titles state that Bentley\'s sister, Iris, was still fighting for his pardon, however seven years after the film was made and after numerous unsuccessful campaigns to get Derek Bentley a full pardon, his conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal on 30 July 1998. However, Bentley\'s sister had also died by this point.\'Craig\'s relief at Bentley Pardon\' BBC, 30th July 1998'] ['Weeks after Chan Ho Nam  is elected branch leader of Causeway Bay of the "Hung Hing" Society, "Chicken" Chiu , after joined the Taiwanese "San Luen" triad, is reinstated into Hung Hing by Chairman Chiang Tin Sung . At the same time, rival triad "Tung Sing", led by "Camel" Lok  begins to make a name for itself, establishing bars and clubs alongside Hung Hing\'s areas of operations. Things become heated when Tung Sing member "Crow"  fuels a deep-seated rivalry between him and Ho Nam, with the threat of open war between the two societies. Meanwhile, Ho Nam\'s stuttering girlfriend Smartie , who was critically injured in a vehicular accident and slipped into a coma, reawakens but with no prior memories to her meeting with Ho Nam for the first time. Regardless, Ho Nam assures her he and his friends will protect her. To add in a stick of comedy, Father "Lethal Weapon" Lam  introduces his daughter Shuk Fan  to Chicken, having been good friends and a source of advice for him. During a business trip to Amsterdam with his mistress and Ho Nam, Chairman Chiang is assassinated by thugs. While the rest of Hung Hing believes the hit was orchestrated by Ho Nam, it is the deranged Crow who ordered the chairman\'s death, using Chiang\'s mistress to falsify evidence, framing Ho Nam. While Ho Nam goes into hiding back in Hong Kong, Crow is reprimanded by Camel; to add to his insanity, Crow kills his own boss and makes it look like a Hung Hing assassination. Drunk with power, Crow wants nothing more than to destroy Hung Hing and orders his men to search frantically for Ho Nam. Fortunately, Ho Nam is quick to realize the ambush and escapes with Smartie, until Crow\'s men manages to separate the two. In their attempt, Smartie is captured but suffers a blow to the head, restoring her memories. Crow tells Ho Nam if he wants his name cleared and his woman back, he must meet him alone. Yet, the crazed Crow does not keep his word and kills Smartie in cold blood in front of Ho Nam. Just as Crow is about to finish him, Chicken bursts in and reaches a stalemate with Crow to ensure Ho Nam\'s safety. The saddened Ho Nam carries Smartie\'s body out with him and gives her a proper funeral. Now fueled solely on vengeance, Ho Nam decides to march into Tung Sing territory and kill Crow at Camel\'s funeral haphazardly. Fortunately, Ho Nam\'s friends and the rest of Hung Hing manage to capture and threaten Tung Sing member "Tiger" , who tells all of Crow\'s madness in killing both their societies\' leaders. Crow is left nowhere to run from his enemies, and in the midst of a Hung Hing/Tung Sing brawl, he is killed in the funeral pyre. With Crow dead, Tung Sing is left in disarray, and Hung Hing re-establishes control in its territories it was officially reinnaugurated by Young and Dangerous 4 it was officially premiered on 28 March 1997.'] ['The re-informed with the events of the previous film. In a flashback to Young and Dangerous, "Chicken" Chiu  heads into exile and decides to go to Taiwan, after a failed hit. The first part of the movie details the events leading up to his return to Hong Kong, following the death of his boss "Uncle Bee" . In Taiwan, Chicken\'s cousin introduces him to the "San Luen" Triad, headed by an influential Taiwanese senator. Although the atmosphere in the city is quite different than Hong Kong, Chicken gains the senator\'s favor by assassinating his rival. Pleased with the youth\'s initiative, he promotes Chicken to branch leader and does not even mind Chicken having been smitten with his beautiful mistress. Upon hearing news of Bee\'s death, Chicken returns to Hong Kong and helps best friend Chan Ho Nam  to get rid of corrupt "Hung Hing" Chairman "Ugly Kwan" . The second part of the movie deals with returning Hung Hing Chairman Chiang Tin Sang  trying to ally with San Luen and promote relationships, while trying to find a replacement branch leader of Causeway Bay, a position Bee held. Ho Nam is the most likely candidate, being Bee\'s must trusted underling, but a rivalry breaks out when another member "Tai Fei"  wants the position for himself. At the same time, Ho Nam\'s friend Pou Pan  recruits "Banana" , who bewilders Ho Nam and the rest of his friends because of his facial similarity to Pou Pan\'s deceased brother Chow Pan. During a visit back to Chinese Taipei to see and thank the senator personally for helping them get rid of Kwan, Ho Nam and Chicken find him dead and are accused by San Luen of killing him. In actuality, the culprit is the senator\'s mistress, who uses this opportunity to lead San Luen and break Hung Hing\'s grip on their gambling spots in Macau, reinforcing San Luen influence in the area. To that end, Tai Fei willingly allies with her and plots to have Ho Nam\'s candidacy for the Causeway Bay branch leadership tainted. Ho Nam is barely swayed by Tai Fei\'s threats, until a car accident cripples his girlfriend Smartie , putting her in a coma. Although disheartened at her condition, Ho Nam does not back out of the candidacy, and plans to stage an intervention at a San Luen opening of a new Macau casino, during which an important member of the Macau government will attend. Ho Nam\'s sabotage of the event is successful, destroying any credibility San Luen has in Macau and to Tai Fei\'s nomination. In a tense Mexican standoff at town square, the senator\'s mistress and Tai Fei decides to settle things with Ho Nam and Chicken, summoning hundreds of San Luen and Hung Hing members. While it appears the victory is in the mistress\' hands, it is Tai Fei who turns the gun on her: it was all a ploy on Hung Hing\'s part for him to ally with San Luen and provide a means to weed out any corrupt members in the Taiwanese society. Realizing it was she who killed the senator, San Luen\'s branch leaders decide to take her back to Taiwan for punishment, but Chicken requests he speak with her before she is led away. Upon stating she is the only woman he has ever truly loved, he executes her on the spot, knowing full well she will die more painfully in Taiwan. With the matter settled, Tai Fei abstains from the Causeway Bay branch leadership candidacy and Ho Nam is elected its leader at the snapshot to potraits as the background and screen fades to black and the movie ends it was officially reinnaugurated by Young and Dangerous 3 it was officially premiered on 29 June 1996.'] ["London bank clerk William Marble  is deeply in debt. When his boss learns of a lawsuit for an overdue bill, he warns Marble that he will be dismissed if he cannot settle the matter quickly. Then, Marble is visited by a rich nephew whom he has not seen in many years, James Medland . All night, Marble tries to borrow money from him, having received a financial tip that could solve all his financial troubles. However, Medland is not interested. Driven to desperation, Marble poisons his nephew and buries the body in the back yard. With the dead man's money, Marble speculates on margin and makes £30,000, a large sum that enables him to retire. However, fear of his crime being discovered makes him consistently nervous and irritable. His wife Annie  knows something is wrong, but wrongly guesses he has embezzled from the bank. To relieve his nervous tension, he sends Annie and their daughter Winnie  away on a three-week vacation. While they are gone, he has an affair with Madame Collins , a local shopowner. Winnie finds out when she returns a day early and discovers Collins in the house, but keeps quiet about it. Despite their new financial wealth, troubles continue to grow for the Marble family. Annie finally figures out what her husband has done, but stands by him. Winnie becomes a bit of a snob, consorting with a higher social class of people and sneering at her parents. When she runs away one night, Annie chases after her in the rain and becomes very ill. However, under Marble's loving care, she begins to recover. Then Madame Collins shows up and blackmails Marble into giving her some money. Annie overhears and commits suicide with some of the same cyanide used to kill Medland. Marble is convicted for her murder. When Winnie visits on the day of his execution, Marble reassures her that he did not kill Annie, but says that he is nonetheless at peace with his fate. He is convinced he is paying a bill that was only deferred."] ['After poisoning his wife, the master of the house , is blackmailed by his Cockney maid  who demands promotion. As she steadily takes the place of his dead wife, he again attempts murder.'] ['Intense young "tough" Thomas Seyr is a 28-year old real estate broker involved in shady business deals. His business partners, Fabrice and Sami, spend much of their time ruthlessly chasing squatters and illegal immigrants out of the buildings they have procured and trying to work their way around government housing regulations. Thomas is born to this kind of work; his father, Robert, is also involved in dodgy enterprises and sometimes calls upon Thomas to take care of unpleasant business . Tom shows a protective and defensive attitude to his father who doesn\'t always appreciate what his son does for him–so much so that when his father introduces his new girlfriend to Tom, Tom undermines her to her face, and insults her to his father. Though she is a model, he decides she is "a whore." Later, when he tries to enlist her help to watch over his father, she tells him they broke up due to Robert changing his attitude and she is aware of Tom\'s backstabbing because Robert told her. Robert by this time is in danger from a Russian gangster, Minskov  who scammed him of a great deal of money and Tom is worried for his safety. On the side, Tom wants to be a pianist like his mother and finds a teacher, virtuoso Miao Lin, to prepare for an audition opportunity. She speaks only Chinese, Vietnamese and some English, but no French. Eventually Tom reaches the high standards of his teacher while carrying on a relationship with the wife of one of his business partners. Stretched to the limit and overtired, he fails to complete the audition. He goes to see his father only to find the apartment destroyed and his father murdered. Tom is devastated. Cut to two years later where Tom is Miao Lin\'s manager and partner, organising her schedule, her performances and being by her side. Just before a concert, he chances to see Minskov, takes him by surprise in the stairwell, gives him a beating on the stairs and threatens to use his own gun against him, before deciding to spare him. The film closes with Tom in the audience, knuckles and shirt bloody, exchanging slow-burning looks with Miao Lin at the piano.'] ['Horsemouth, a drummer living in a ghetto of Kingston plans to make some extra money selling and distributing records. He buys a motorcycle to carry them to the sound systems around the island. The film starts as a loose interpretation of Vittorio de Sica’s The Bicycle Thief and turns into a reggae interpretation of the Robin Hood myth.{{cite news}}'] ['The story follows Bob Hughes  and his crew of drug addicts as they travel across the U.S. Pacific Northwest in the early 1970s, supporting their habit by robbing pharmacies and hospitals. After a tragedy strikes the group, Bob decides to try to "go straight", but finds that there is more to extricating himself from the drug user\'s lifestyle than just giving up drugs.'] ["{{Plot}} Its plot involves Jassy Woodroofe, a wild gypsy girl  hired as a servant in a 19th century household. During a social evening at Christopher Hatton's  country estate, Mordelaine, his son Barney has a romantic tryst with Dilys Helmar . But the next day, Barney discovers that his mother's jewels have been purloined by her husband, who has spent all night gambling with Dilys' father Nick . Barney arrives just in time to see Mordelaine lost on a single unlucky throw of the dice. The Hattons are forced to move to a cottage in a nearby village. One day, while his horse is shod by blacksmith Bob Wicks, Barney sees some villagers tormenting a young woman, whom he rescues. She is Jassy Woodroffe, considered a witch because of her mother's gypsy blood (her father, Tom Woodroffe  and her gift of second sight. Mrs Hatton hires Jassy as a domestic servant, over and above the maid Meggie's suspicions. Tom Woodroffe breaks up an altercation between Bob Wicks and his daughter Lindy, but Wicks' brutal whipping has struck her dumb. At Mordelaine, its new owner Nick allows Christopher credit to continue gambling - but Christopher is caught cheating. Shamed, he goes upstairs and kills himself. After discovering the body, Nick finds his wife in the arms of a lover. After she reveals the affair has been going on for months, he agrees to a divorce. At a stormy village meeting, Tom Woodroffe assembles a crowd to march on their landlord to ask for better pay and conditions. They are confronted on the doorstep by a drunken Nick.  Nick and Tom struggle, Nick's shotgun goes off, and Tom is fatally wounded.  Jassy and Barney become increasingly close - too close for Mrs Hatton, who asks her to leave, though with an excellent reference that manages to secure her a job at a young ladies' finishing school. There, she meets and makes friends with Dilys after catching her sneaking out one night for a romantic tryst - but she is blamed for Dilys' disappearance and sacked. Dilys takes Jassy to Mordelaine and introduces her to her father as her friend. Nick is convinced that he has heard the name Woodroffe before, and Jassy reminds him that it was the name of her father. Nick apologises for his actions, blaming drunkenness. Dilys and Jassy go to see Barney. To Jassy's chagrin, the romance between Dilys and Barney rekindles, even though Jassy knows that Dilys has also been seeing Stephen Fennell. Jassy plays chess with Nick, and he offers her the job of running Mordelaine. Jassy restructures the staff, sacking some and promoting others. Mrs Wicks persuades her to take on Lindy, who turns out to be an excellent worker despite her silence. One day, Jassy catches Dilys and Stephen together , and is shocked to hear later the same day that Barney has proposed to her. In a rage, Nick horsewhips Dilys, who runs out into the arms and carriage of Stephen. Barney goes to see Stephen and finds that he and Dilys are engaged. Meanwhile, Nick makes his intentions known towards Jassy, eventually proposing marriage. She refuses, but reconsiders when he agrees to give her Mordelaine as a wedding gift. They marry, but Jassy insists on living separately. In a fury, Nick goes out riding and has an accident. Lindy finds him and summons Jassy. He is brought back to Mordelaine, where the doctor prescribes a strict diet and no alcohol, which Jassy enforces, even though Nick is increasingly violent towards her. When Jassy goes to visit Dilys and Stephen, Lindy decides to poison Nick for what he has done to Jassy, slipping rat poison into a bottle of wine. Nick's murder is sensed by Jassy, who cries out that he is dead. Stephen thinks that she murdered him, and has her arrested along with Lindy. At the trial, despite Jassy's alibi, the pair are found guilty, but the shock goads Lindy into speech. She confesses to the murder, exonerates Jassy, and drops dead. Jassy signs over Mordelaine to Barney, its rightful heir, and the reunited couple kiss."] ['Ghosts... is set in Central Industrial Prison, a privately run maximum security prison in the middle of the Australian desert. An outbreak of violence within the prison has resulted in a total lockdown. A committee is appointed by the prison\'s governors to investigate the cause of the outbreak, but their findings are in stark contrast to the facts behind the riot. As the viewers see, both the prisoners and the guards are slowly and deliberately brutalised, manipulated and provoked into the forthcoming eruption of violence, to justify the construction of a new and more "secure" facility.'] ['Raymond Ayala  stars as Edgar Dinero, a young man from the streets of Puerto Rico who gets tangled between the thug life of his neighborhood and the beat of his barrio. On that path Edgar encounters disruption among his crew men, while falling in love with an uptown girl from whom Dinero must conceal his strong ties with the violent barrio underworld. The movie was mostly shot in the Jose Gautier Benítez public housing project, and also in Barriada Morales, both barrios kings in the underworld in Caguas, PR. Other places used were Puerto Nuevo, in San Juan, and New York City.'] ['Seventeen-year-old Tommy Ryan lives with Mrs. O‘Meara, a seamstress, and her teenage son Eddie. Tommy’s exact status is unclear; Mrs. O’Meara’s says he is a friend of her son Eddie and “stays here with us and a finer lad never trod the green earth.” Tommy works in a grocery store and more than pulls his weight around the O’Meara home, but his foster brother Eddie is unemployed and hanging around a pool hall with a gang of teenage thieves led by Mike Hearn, the pool hall owner. Hearn promises teenage ‘Knuckles’ Malone $50 to steal a fur coat from a warehouse and sends Eddie O’Meara along to drive the getaway car. When the heist is thwarted and Knuckles nabbed by the police, Eddie escapes with the stolen goods and returns home. Tommy tries to repair the damage and keep the incident from Mrs. O’Meara by dumping the car and the furs outside of town. He is picked up by the police. In court, Tommy takes the rap in order to spare Mrs. O’Meara the grief of seeing her son implicated in the crime. Tommy and Knuckles are sentenced to the State Industrial School for three years. When alone for a moment with Eddie, Tommy urges him to take good care of his mother. At the State School, Tommy remains true to himself. He is honest, hard working, and well mannered. Dr. Owens, once a reform school inmate himself but now a morally upright professional man, takes an interest in the boy and urges him to plan for life after prison. He has Tommy removed from the crew at the school’s farm to work in his office. One day, Tommy discovers Eddie O’Meara is an inmate in the reformatory. Eddie dropped out of Hearn’s gang of thieves and found a job in order to take care of his mother, but Hearn feared Eddie would squeal to the police about the gang’s past. Hearn decided to get the boy out of his way by staging a robbery at the gas station where the boy worked and then framing him. Hearn now fears that Tommy, Eddie, and Knuckles will now “squawk” and realizes his operation is still in jeopardy. He decides to “spring” the three boys from prison and to silence them once he has them in his clutches. Tommy is reluctant to participate in the escape but when he learns that Hearn threats to rough up Mrs. O’Meara he has no choice but to escape and protect her. The escape plan is foiled, but later, Tommy and Knuckles manage to escape at gunpoint. At the pool hall, Tommy convinces Hearn he is on his side. A heist is planned. Tommy secretly makes plans to meet Dr. Owens at the site of the heist to apprehend Hearn and his gang. Hearn and his men are taken into custody after a car chase. With Dr. Owens assistance, Tommy and Eddie are paroled and restored to Mrs. O’Meara.'] ["The film opens in late 1970s Edinburgh; Nicky Dryden  is arrested by Gary Keltie  for his part in enforcing the collection of money owed to a loan shark. Soon the film moves into the present time. Dryden has left prison and changed his ways. He is now a feted sculptor married to journalist Val Dryden  displaying his first show. The show is interrupted by Keltie who is disgusted by Dryden's new-found respectability, and claims that he hasn't paid his debt to society. Dryden wishes to move on from his past crimes, but Keltie is determined not to let him forget his past. At the same time a young wannabe gangster Flipper  is obsessed by Dryden's dark past and wishes to emulate him. He takes part in low level crime, which escalates in a murder of a janitor at a swimming pool . Keltie continues to harass Dryden and his family, including disrupting a family wedding. When Dryden's stepson is murdered, Dryden seeks revenge. He contacts one of his old underworld colleagues who arranges for Flipper to attack Keltie. Flipper however violently attacks Keltie's mother . This leads to Keltie breaking into Dryden's home to attack Dryden. Dryden is however at the Edinburgh Tattoo at the time, and Keltie instead takes his vengeance on Dryden by raping his wife. Before the tattoo Flipper makes contact with Dryden and boasts about his crime to Dryden. Disgusted by the attack on an old woman, Dryden himself brutally attacks Flipper, killing him in the end. Keltie eventually meets up with Dryden, and in a fight outside Edinburgh Castle ends up being killed by Dryden. The film ends with Dryden being acquitted of the murder of Keltie, but he is a broken man, disabled by the attack, his marriage has broken up and he is once again estranged by polite society. Finally, Keltie's mother is placed in a nursing home to reflect on the loss she has endured."] ['Martha Beck is a sullen, overweight nurse - with 50 nurses under her supervision - who lives in Mobile, Alabama, with her elderly mother . Martha\'s friend Bunny  surreptitiously submits Martha\'s name to a "lonely hearts" club, which results in a letter from Raymond Fernandez of New York City. The audience sees Ray surrounded by the photographs of his previous conquests as he composes his first letter to Martha. Overcoming her initial reluctance, Martha corresponds with Ray and becomes attached to him. He visits Martha and seduces her. Thereafter, having secured a loan from her, Ray sends Martha a Dear Jane letter, and Martha enlists Bunny\'s aid to call him with the  news that she has attempted suicide. Ray allows Martha to visit him in New York, where he reveals to her what the audience knows already: that he is a con man who makes his living by seducing and then swindling lonely women. Martha is unswayed by this revelation, however, and, at Ray\'s command, installs her mother in a nursing home so that she can live with Ray. But because she is fiercely jealous of Ray, she insists on accompanying him in his work. Woman after woman accepts the attentions of this suitor who goes courting while accompanied at all times by his "sister." Martha can barely contain her jealousy as she watches Ray romance other women, though Ray promises her that he will never sleep with any of them. Complicating his promise, Ray marries a pregnant woman, Myrtle Young , and after Young aggressively attempts to bed the bridegroom, Martha gives her a dose of pills, and the two put the drugged woman on a bus. Her death thereafter escapes immediate suspicion. Martha and Ray move on to their next target, and after catching Ray in a compromising position with the woman, Martha attempts to drown herself. To placate her, Ray rents a house in Valley stream, a suburb of New York City, while they continue swindling lonely women. Ray, using the alias "Charles Martin," becomes engaged to the elderly Janet Fay of Albany  and takes her to the house he shares with Martha. Janet gives Ray a check for $10,000, but then becomes suspicious of the two. When Janet tries to contact her family, Ray and Martha hit her in the head with a hammer and strangle her to death. They bury her body in the cellar in her trunk, with a portrait of Jesus. Martha and Ray then spend several weeks living in Michigan with the widowed Delphine Downing and her young daughter. Delphine, younger and prettier than most of Ray\'s conquests, confides in Martha, hoping that she will help her persuade Ray to marry her as soon as possible because she is pregnant with Ray\'s child. Furious, Martha is attempting to kill Delphine when her daughter enters the room with Ray. He shoots Delphine in the head and Martha drowns her daughter in the cellar. Ray tells Martha that he must proceed with his plan to move on to one more woman, this time in New Orleans, and then he will marry Martha; he reaffirms his promise never to betray Martha with one of his marks. Realizing that Ray will never stop lying to her, Martha calls the police and calmly waits for them to arrive. The epilogue takes place four months later, with Martha and Ray in jail. As she leaves the cellblock for the first day of their trial, Martha receives a letter from Ray in which he tells her that, despite everything, she is the only woman he ever loved. Titles on the screen then conclude the story, saying that Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez were executed at Sing Sing on March 8, 1951.Although the real-life Beck and Fernandez were arrested originally in Michigan and charged with the murders of the Downings, ultimately those prosecutions were suspended and they were extradited to New York to be tried for the murder of Janet Fay, because New York, unlike Michigan, had the death penalty. It was for the murder of Fay that they were convicted and executed. See People v. Fernandez, 93 N.E.2d 859 .'] ["Valentine Wilmot's London nightclub and restaurant, Piccadilly Circus, is a great success due to his star attraction, dancing partners Mabel  and Vic . One night, a dissatisfied diner  disrupts Mabel's solo with his loud complaint about a dirty plate. When Wilmot investigates, he finds Shosho  distracting the other dishwashers with her dancing. He fires her on the spot. After the performance, Vic tries to persuade Mabel to become his partner offstage as well as on, and to go to Hollywood with him. She coldly rebuffs him, as she is romantically involved with Wilmot. That night, Wilmot summons Vic to his office. Before Wilmot can fire him, Vic quits. That turns out to be disastrous for the nightclub. The customers had come to see Vic, not Mabel. Business drops off dramatically. In desperation, Wilmot hires Shosho to perform a Chinese dance. She insists that her boyfriend Jim play the accompanying music. Shosho is an instant sensation, earning a standing ovation after her first performance. Both Mabel and Jim become jealous of the evident attraction between Shosho and Wilmot. Mabel breaks off her relationship with Wilmot. One night, Shosho invites Wilmot to be the first to see her new rooms. Mabel has followed the couple and waits outside. After Wilmot leaves, she persuades Jim to let her in. She pleads with her romantic rival to give Wilmot up, saying he is too old for her, but Shosho replies that it is Mabel who is too old, and that she will keep him. When Mabel reaches into her purse for a handkerchief, Shosho sees a pistol inside and grabs a dagger used as a wall decoration. Frightened, Mabel picks up the gun, then faints. The next day, the newspapers report that Shosho has been murdered. Wilmot is charged with the crime. During the ensuing trial, he admits that the pistol is his, but refuses to divulge what happened that night. Jim testifies that Wilmot was Shosho's only visitor. Things look bad. Then Mabel insists on telling her story. However, she can recall nothing after fainting until she found herself running in the streets. Realizing that either Mabel or Jim must be lying, the judge summons Jim. By then, however, Jim has shot himself at Shosho's mausoleum. As he lays dying, he confesses he killed Shosho."] ['The movie is about two high school dropouts, Masaru  and Shinji , who try to find a direction and meaning in their lives&mdash;one by becoming a yakuza lieutenant, the other by becoming a boxer.'] ['After an early release from prison, an ex-safe cracker finds honest work and a new love. But when a vengeful cop begins to stalk him, and his ex-gang tries to lure him back, his determination to go straight is pushed to the breaking point.'] ['After a rumble between New York City street gangs, the Hornets and Dukes, a youth is taken captive and threatened with a zip gun by Lenny Daniels, one of the Hornets. The act is witnessed by a neighbor, McAllister, who tells the cops. Lenny is arrested and sentenced to a year in jail. Hornets leader Frankie Dane decides to get even. Incorrigible, the 18-year-old Frankie resists all efforts to get through to him by social worker Ben Wagner or his worried mother, who was abandoned by Frankie\'s father. McAllister isn\'t afraid of Frankie and even slaps him. An angry Frankie informs his friends Lou Macklin and Angelo "Baby" Gioia that he intends to kill McAllister now, which frightens Frankie\'s 10-year-old brother Richie, who overhears. Baby\'s dad slaps him and orders him to stop hanging out with the no-good Frankie. An effort is made by Wagner to understand the boys rather than be angry with them, and Richie tells him of Frankie\'s plans to commit murder. McAllister is trapped in an alley at 1:30 in the morning. Richie tries to stop his brother and ends up with a knife held to his throat, but Frankie finally comes to his senses and is accompanied by Wagner to the police.'] ['Barret Michaelson is an unwelcome newcomer in a public high school, often bullied by his new classmates. He has no friends until another misfit with a bad reputation, Ryan, saves him from a beating in the men\'s locker room. Ryan is a misanthropic existentialist with violent tendencies and a dark past. It is revealed that Ryan\'s father murdered his mother and then committed suicide in front of Ryan when he was only ten years old. The two become fast friends who spend much of their time together engaged in philosophical conversation, but their friendship comes to an abrupt halt when the two are involved in an incident with a local landowner who claims they are trespassing on his land. Ryan throws a rock at the man, causing him to fall and break his neck on a rock. The two manage to successfully make it look like an accident, but the incident forces Barret to pull away from his friendship with Ryan. This causes Ryan to become very emotional, and to purchase a black market gun. Barret soon agrees that they should put the incident behind them and continue to be friends, but Ryan becomes increasingly morose and attached to Barret. When Ryan suffers a brutal beating at the hands of the bully against whom Ryan had originally defended Barret, he is consumed by a will for revenge, and makes it clear to Barret that he intends to shoot the bully to death. Barret tries as hard as he can to dissuade Ryan, but Ryan says it\'s his "destiny" and insists that there is nothing Barret can do to stop him. As the moment of truth approaches, Ryan forces Barret at gun point to accompany him to the would-be crime scene. Ryan finds his enemy in a secluded area, smoking what is probably a joint . Barret tries to warn him, but it is to no avail, and Ryan kills him. After the killing, Barret tries to incapacitate Ryan by hitting on the head with a rock, but it doesn\'t work. In a struggle, the gun goes off, claiming Ryan\'s life. Barret then shoots him once again, and tries to turn the gun on himself, but by that time the gun is out of bullets.'] ['Mario is a retired English teacher from the Bolivian countryside. Leaving his career, his home, his town and his past, he sets out to follow his dream of seeing the United States. Mario hopes to become a part of the American dream; America to him is opportunity, and stability, a place to escape from his old life and reunite with his now adult son. Mario arrives in La Paz in order to secure a travel visa for the US. Once there, he meets and befriends Blanca, an exotic dancer at the local strip club. The two share an immediate attraction despite their vastly different dreams and they quickly fall into a promising relationship. But Mario is a diligent man, and he is willing to revert to any measure possible to obtain that one thing which he wants most: a life in the United States.'] ['Small-time criminals Caesar Enrico "Rico" Bandello  and his friend Joe Massara  move to Chicago to seek their fortunes. Rico joins the gang of Sam Vettori ([[Stanley Fields , while Joe wants to be a dancer. Olga  becomes his dance partner and girlfriend. Joe tries to drift away from the gang and its activities, but Rico makes him participate in the robbery of the nightclub where he works. Despite orders from underworld overlord "Big Boy"  to all his men to avoid bloodshed, Rico guns down crusading crime commissioner Alvin McClure during the robbery, with Joe as an aghast witness. Rico accuses Sam of becoming soft and seizes control of his organization. Rival boss "Little Arnie" Storch  tries to have Rico killed, but Rico is only grazed. He and his gunmen pay Little Arnie a visit, after which Arnie hastily departs for Detroit. The Big Boy eventually gives Rico control of all of Chicago\'s Northside. Rico becomes concerned that Joe knows too much about him. He warns Joe that he must forget about Olga and join him in a life of crime. Rico threatens to kill both Joe and Olga unless he accedes, but Joe refuses to give in. Olga calls Police Sergeant Flaherty and tells him Joe is ready to talk, just before Rico and his henchman Otero  come calling. Rico finds, to his surprise, that he is unable to take his friend\'s life. When Otero tries to do the job himself, Rico wrestles the gun away from him, though not before Joe is wounded. Hearing the shot, Flaherty and another cop give chase and kill Otero. With the information provided by Joe, Flaherty proceeds to crush Rico\'s organization. Desperate and alone, Rico retreats to the gutter from which he sprang. While hiding in a flophouse, he becomes enraged when he learns that Flaherty has called him a coward in the newspaper. He foolishly telephones the cop to announce he is coming for him. The call is traced, and he is gunned down behind a billboard by Flaherty. Ironically, the billboard shows an advertisement featuring dancers Joe and Olga.'] ['1100 Jefferson Street is not just any address; it’s the Mecca for four friends bonded by both their circumstances and their struggle to make something, anything out of their seemingly predetermined fate. The crew played by Arlen Escarpeta, Cory Hardrict, Maurice McRae and Lorenzo Eduardo share one simple job description -- “Dough Boys.” Corey, the all-around good guy with great potential ; Smooth, the ladies man, big dreamer and quintessential leader ; Black, the eager-to-please skinny weed head  and Long Cuz, the skittishly annoying square trying to keep up with everyone else  form the group who make up their rules and moves as they go along. Drama can always be found among 1100 Jefferson Street’s day-to-day dealings down to the resident crack head that serves as both lookout and snitch and the good-hearted Beauty  running a full-service hair salon out of her one-bedroom apartment. Meanwhile, Corey plays a balancing act with the streets and his future as he weighs the arguments of his girlfriend in one ear and mentor, Simuel – played by Gabriel Casseus – in the other to go back to school. But constantly calling Corey’s attention are the “Dough Boys,” who dream big enough to spend their money before they get it and smoke their joints before they roll ‘em. Although they shy clear of the drug game, the boys still do their streetwise duty in protecting the resident drug dealer in the building, played by Kirk Jones a.k.a. Sticky Fingaz. This is a loyal bond that pays off well. But their current “hustle” of choice is flipping counterfeit casino chips in a limited market. The young men have obviously bit off more than they can chew and when their buyer Julian France, played by Wood Harris walks in it gets really interesting. Thus, the “Dough Boys” fight to stay alive as the rules of the street that they live by consequentially are the very rules that begin to pull them under. The film also features performances by Ricky Harris, Kel Mitchell and Page Kennedy. For anyone who hustled for more in life comes “Dough Boys” produced and written by writer/director/producer Preston A. Whitmore II. “Dough Boys” – which is the first full-length feature film from director Nicholas Harvell – is the inaugural feature from Whitmore’s “Give Back” program, where he funds independent films to give up and coming directors, actors and other filmmakers a shot at utilizing their skills. Bonnie Berry LaMon serves as Executive Producer.'] ['William Foster  is recently divorced, and his ex-wife Beth  has a restraining order to keep him away from her and their child, Adele. In addition, he was recently laid off by the defense agency for which he worked.{{cite news}} His frustration grows when his air conditioning fails while he is stuck in a traffic jam. He eventually abandons his car and begins walking across Los Angeles to attend Adele’s birthday party. At a convenience store, the Korean owner  refuses to give change for a telephone call. Foster begins ranting about the high prices. The owner grabs a baseball bat and demands Foster leave. Foster takes the bat and destroys much of the merchandise before leaving. Outside, he is accosted by two gang members who threaten him with a knife and demand his briefcase. Foster attacks them with the bat and takes their knife. The two gang members, now in a car with two friends, cruise the streets and find Foster in a phone booth. They open fire, hitting several bystanders but not Foster. The driver loses control and crashes. Foster picks up a gun, shoots the one surviving gang member, and then walks away with their bag of weapons. Foster encounters a panhandler begging for money and gives him the briefcase, which contains a sandwich and an apple. At a fast food restaurant, Foster attempts to order breakfast, but they have switched to the lunch menu. After an argument with the manager, Foster pulls a gun and accidentally fires into the ceiling. After trying to reassure the frightened employees and customers, Foster orders lunch, but is annoyed when the burger looks nothing like the one shown on the menu. He leaves, tries to call Beth from a phone booth, then shoots the booth to pieces after being hassled by someone who was waiting to use the phone. Sergeant Prendergast , who is on his last day before retirement, insists on investigating the crimes. Interviews with the witnesses at each scene lead Prendergast to realize that the same person may be responsible. Foster\'s “D-FENS” vanity license plate proves to be an important lead, because Prendergast remembers being in the same traffic jam as Foster earlier that day. Prendergast and his partner, Detective Torres , visit Foster\'s mother, who is surprised that he has managed to keep losing his job a secret. They realize Foster is heading toward his former family\'s home in Venice, California and rush to intercept him. Foster passes a bank where a black man is holding a sign stating "not economically viable," protesting being rejected for a loan application. The man exchanges a glance with Foster, then asks him to "remember me" as he is escorted away by police. Foster stops at a military surplus store to buy a new pair of shoes. The owner , a white supremacist, diverts Torres’ attention when she comes in to ask questions. After she leaves, he offers Foster a rocket launcher, and congratulates him for shooting "a bunch of niggers" at the Whammy Burger. When Foster expresses distaste for the store owner\'s racism, the man pulls a gun, but Foster shoots and kills him. He changes into army fatigues and boots, takes the rocket launcher, and leaves. He encounters a road repair crew, who are not doing much work, and accuses them of doing unnecessary repairs to justify their budget. He pulls out the rocket launcher, but struggles to use it, until a young boy explains how it works. Foster accidentally fires the launcher, blowing up the construction site. By the time Foster reaches Beth’s house, she has already fled with Adele. He realizes that they may have gone to nearby Venice Pier, but Prendergast and Torres arrive before he can go after them. Foster shoots Torres and flees, with Prendergast in pursuit. At the end of the pier, Foster confronts his ex-wife and daughter. His daughter is happy to see him, but his ex-wife is frightened. Prendergast arrives and acknowledges Foster\'s complaints about being ill-treated by society, but does not accept that as an excuse for his rampage. Distracting Foster, Beth kicks away the gun as Prendergast draws his revolver, insisting that Foster give himself up. Foster pulls a water gun, forcing Prendergast to shoot him dead.'] ['The story begins in 1992, as Amy Fisher lies in a hospital bed with her mother sitting by her bedside. Earlier, she had attempted to commit suicide, but her parents caught her and took her to hospital. As Amy rests in bed, she thinks back on her life over the last two years and her involvement with Joseph "Joey" Buttafuoco. In 1991, Amy\'s parents bought her a brand new car for her sixteenth birthday. Amy loved the car, but her parents didn\'t want her to take advantage of the fact she had a new car by using it whenever she wanted. After an argument with her parents, Amy spends her birthday at a friend\'s house. She had previously gone to a restaurant with them, and her father also didn\'t like the fact that she was wearing such a revealing outfit . She flirted with the waiter, by looking at him with the corner of her eye, with a seductive smile on her face. Amy gets into an accident, crashing her car. Her father takes her to Joey Buttafuoco\'s shop to get it fixed. She flirts with Joey lightly, asking him a lot of questions about his personal life. She begins crashing her car on purpose, using it as an excuse to see Joey again. Eventually, the two begin an affair. He is in his mid-thirties while she\'s in her teens . Amy becomes increasingly desperate about her relationship with Joey. She felt strongly that he was the one for her, and even though she knew he was married to his high school sweetheart Mary Jo Buttafuoco, she constantly wanted to spend time with him. When he refused to leave Mary Jo, Amy decided to hire someone to kill her. All her potential accomplices proved unwilling to get the job done, so Amy eventually decides to kill Mary Jo herself. Amy goes to the Buttafuoco house and tells Mary Jo that Joey was cheating on her with Amy\'s younger sister. When Mary Jo expressed disbelief, Amy showed her the T-shirt that Joey had given her, but Mary Jo still didn\'t believe Amy, saying that Joey gave that shirt to a lot of his customers. As Mary Jo was about to close the door on Amy, she took out her gun and shot Mary Jo in the head. The shot didn\'t kill Mary Jo, but it left her face partially paralyzed for life. Joey realized that it was Amy who had shot his wife. Mary Jo confirmed this when she had to choose out of a lineup. The reports of the shooting spread through the media and she was given the nickname "Long Island Lolita". Eventually, in late 1992, Amy was sentenced to five to fifteen years in jail. Joey Buttafuoco was convicted of statutory rape in October 1993 and served six months in prison.'] ['The film opens in Kansas with the discovery of the dead bodies of four of the members of the Clutter family by a family friend. While reading The New York Times, Truman Capote is riveted by the story of the Clutters and calls The New Yorker editor William Shawn to tell him that he plans to document the tragedy. He travels to Kansas with his childhood friend Harper Lee, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird. Capote sets about interviewing those involved with the victims, the Clutter family, with Lee as his go-between and facilitator. Capote is initially brushed off by the Kansas Bureau of Investigation\'s lead detective on the case, Alvin Dewey. Dewey\'s wife, however, is a fan of Capote\'s writing and persuades him to invite Capote and Lee to their house for dinner. She is starstruck by Capote\'s stories of being on movie sets with film stars. Dewey warms up to Capote, and eventually allows him to view the photographs of the victims. The Deweys, Lee, and Capote are having dinner when the suspects are caught. Flattery, bribery and a keen insight into the human condition, facilitates Capote\'s visits to the prison where the suspects ([[Perry Smith  are being held. Capote begins to form an attachment to Perry. Following their trial and conviction, Capote is able to gain access to the murderers by bribing the warden. Capote spends the following years regularly visiting Perry and learning about his life, excepting a year-long stint when Capote abandons Perry and writes the "first three parts" of the book with Jack Dunphy in Morocco and Spain. The story of Perry\'s life, his upset and remorseful manner, and his emotional sincerity impress Capote. The writer becomes emotionally attached to Perry and feels sympathy for him despite his involvement in the murders. Perry refuses to tell Capote what happened on the night of the murders, which greatly angers the writer. Eventually, Perry tells him in great detail. The story becomes a meditation upon the need for redemption even in very grave circumstances. The last appeal is rejected, and Perry and Dick are hanged, Perry\'s hanging being explicitly shown. Truman talks to Harper Lee about the horrifying experience and laments that he could not have done anything to stop it. She replies, "Maybe not; the fact is you didn\'t want to." This is the last line of the film. The next and last scene shows Truman looking at photos and some of the writings and drawings that Perry gave him.'] ["Davey Graham  arrives at an upper class party to sell drugs to a woman named Stella. As he leaves, Stella's date watches him and makes a call on his cell phone. Outside the party, three men are waiting for Davey in a black Range Rover, including a car dealer named Boad . The men follow Davey around London, finally attacking him just as he's headed home. Two of the men drag Davey off the street and into a garage, where they hold him down as Boad rapes him. At dawn, Davey emerges from the garage and stumbles home, where he draws a bath for himself and gets in fully clothed. Several hours later, his friend Mickser  arrives to pick up Davey. He discovers Davey dead in the bathtub, with his throat slashed. Mickser visits Helen  and asks her how to get in touch with Davey's brother Will . She says that she has stopped receiving letters from Will, who left London three years earlier. Will has been working as a logger in the country. He's unshaven with long hair, and he lives out of a van. After he's fired from his job for having no papers, he heads to the sea to take a ferry out of England when he sees Davey in the terminal. After realizing it was a hallucination, he begins calling Davey's flat. Receiving no answer, he returns to London, where he learns that Davey is dead. His return to London stirs up the anxiety of crime boss Frank Turner , who sends word to Will that he should leave town after he buries his brother. Will's old cohorts urge him to return for good, saying that Turner could be overtaken easily. Will makes it clear that he is not interested in returning to his old life. He visits Helen and apologizes for leaving her. He explains that he has been grieving for 'a life wasted', lamenting the fact that Davey also wasted his. Will orders a second post-mortem to try and determine why Davey would kill himself. It reveals that he was raped the night before he died, in addition to the fact that Davey ejaculated during the rape. The coroner explains that it was a result of the anal stimulation, surmising that Davey probably killed himself over the shame he felt after involuntarily ejaculating during the rape. He refers Will to a psychologist who can explain the phenomenon more eloquently. As Will listens to the psychologist explain the mindset of the rapist and the mental damage of a rape victim, he takes his first drink in three years. Mickser visits the woman who hosted the party where Davey made his sale. The hostess remembers seeing the man make a phone call as Davey left, and she tracks down his identity. Will and Mickser visit the man who leads them to Boad. During a dinner party at Boad's house, Will cases the grounds and leaves. Meanwhile, Will's cohorts pull a prank at Turner's house, hogtying one of his bodyguards in a bra and panties. Irate, Turner hires an Irish hitman to retaliate. Will visits a garage and uncovers a vintage Jaguar. He retrieves a suitcase from the trunk and checks into a hotel. The suitcase is full of money and clothes, in addition to a gun. Will has a suit pressed and orders a barber to cut off his long hair and beard. Clean cut and in his suit, he has the Jaguar washed and heads to Boad's house. On his way, he calls Helen and tells her to pack a bag. Turner's hitman is waiting outside her house, though. At Boad's, Will trips the alarm on a car in the garage, drawing Boad out of the house. Will kills his dog and then points his gun at Boad, asking him why he raped Davey. Boad explains that he'd been following Davey for six weeks, fascinated by how fake he was. He hated the way that Davey waltzed through life, conning everyone with good looks and charm. Boad says that he wanted to make Davey realize that he was worthless. Will tells Boad that he will kill him later, because killing him at that moment would be too easy. As he's walking away from the house, he pauses and then returns to the garage and kills Boad. Helen is shown being held hostage by the hitman who is waiting for Will to pick her up. The film ends on an ambiguous note as Will watches a man hitting golf balls into the ocean. It is the same shot and voiceover which open the film. Will speaks about how most thoughts are just memories, and after someone is gone, the memories of him are all that's left. He gets into his car and drives off."] ["In Los Angeles, bank teller Betty Parrish has a one-night stand with a young tennis instructor named Mike, but then has only random contact with him over the course of the next two years. He is a drug dealer. One day Mike calls to tell her he is being chased for encroaching on another criminal's territory. Later, a friend of his calls to say Mike is dead, brutally murdered. Betty can't let go of him, not without understanding him better, and tries to find out more. It leads to her discovering Mike's hidden side, including a disturbed acquaintance of his named Pete and a record producer named Philip who apparently was involved with Mike in a gay relationship. Betty's own life is placed in peril by the story's end."] ['Sergeant Tung  is a street cop in Hong Kong who is friends with a Triad dai lo named Fai . Fai hires a hitman to murder a business rival; the hit goes wrong and Fai, implicated in the incident, goes on the run. This leaves Tung in the put upon position to look after Fai\'s affairs. Soon, however, Tung\'s squad is assigned a new Commanding Officer in the form of Lieutenant Michael Cheung , a no-nonsense, tough as nails cop who was transferred for having punched out his own previous Commanding Officer. In an attempt to keep tabs on Cheung—and similarly introduce him to their precinct Tung takes Cheung to the disco owned by Fai. There, Cheung meets a madam named Yoyo , who is also Fai\'s moll. Angry and upset that Fai left on such short notice without her, Yoyo accepts Cheung\'s overture and the two soon find themselves genuinely in love. In the meantime Fai\'s eager underling, Push-Pin, moves himself into Fai\'s role and attempts to force Yoyo to peddle customers drugs through her escorts. Yoyo refuses, an action which results in Push-Pin slapping her across the face. Cheung finds out and takes revenge by inspecting Push-Pin\'s establishments every night. As Cheung and Yoyo\'s relationship turns serious, Tung finds his own relationship with a married woman turning sour. She routinely asks him for money [note: seems she\'s paying him for sex], which leaves him constantly broke. When Push-Pin realizes slapping Yoyo has resulted in Cheung becoming an enemy, Push-Pin hands Tung a handful of money, "as a gift." Actually, this act is a bribe, and when Cheung is later attacked by a group of Push-Pin\'s men and Tung, having made the connection, attempts to bring Push-Pin in, Push-Pin reminds Tung of the money he\'d given him. Tung finds himself powerless to arrest Push-Pin without exposing himself as having been bribed. Things come to a head when Fai returns to town and learns that Yoyo is seeing Cheung. Fai goes after Cheung; their fight leads to a stand-off with Tung between them, and Yoyo proclaiming she and Cheung are in love and are having a baby. Fai storms off, followed by Tung. The two decide it\'s time to pay a visit to Push-Pin, who has now been officially promoted by the area\'s lead Triad boss, Tai, into Fai\'s place as dai lo. While Tung waits outside the disco, Fai goes in to confront Push-Pin. After an emotional confrontation, Push-Pin chops Fai in the neck with a machete, killing him. Tung sees Push-Pin leaving the club; when he runs inside to see what happened, the sight of Fai\'s body on the floor leaves him devastated and wanting revenge. Tung, loaded with alcohol and barbiturates, cruises town to find Push-Pin. He receives word Push-Pin is back at his underground casino and goes there to bring Push-Pin down once and for all. This results in Tung taking on not only Push-Pin, but all his underlings as well. Cheung shows up with his officers to help, only to find Tung moments later seemingly dead from a steel spike Push-Pin has rammed into Tung\'s gut. Seconds later, Push-Pin is killed by one of Fai\'s men as revenge for his killing of Fai. As it turns out, Tung survives and he and Cheung pay a visit to the lead Triad boss, Tai, where the two promise to eventually bring him down.'] ['Bill Keller  and Toodles Cooper  move to New York after leaving the United States Marine Corps. Unemployed and almost out of money, they meet blonde Southerner Patricia "Alabama" Kent . Keller convinces her to share their apartment to save on expenses. Keller narrowly escapes death when he parachute jumps for some money. Next, he becomes the chauffeur for Mrs. Newberry , the mistress of gangster Kurt Weber . Eventually, Keller and Cooper become entangled in Weber\'s schemes, getting them in trouble with the law.'] ['Close friends Rae and Carla live an impoverished life in a quiet, depressed Southern town. They pay for their drug and alcohol habits through odd jobs, grifting, and occasional prostitution. Rae has a disturbing encounter with her abusive, alcoholic father at a local bar. The two friends then head out to the countryside to score some cocaine and a brutal cycle of violence ensues.'] ['The film is about a young man, Jargo , who is of German descent but has resided in Saudi Arabia with his parents. After his father commits suicide, Jargo and his mother move to Berlin. Jargo experiences culture shock, as he is alienated from German culture. He meets a similar aged companion, Kamil , a working-class youth of Turkish origin. Kamil is a petty criminal, who attracts Jargo, upon whom he comes to have a significant influence. Kamil is passionately in love with his substance-abusive girlfriend, played by Nora von Waldstätten, whose fickleness and instability eventually lead to a crisis between Jargo and Kamil.'] ['Roy Waller  is a con artist residing in Los Angeles. Alongside his partner and protégé Frank Mercer , Roy operates a fake lottery, selling overpriced water filtration systems to unsuspecting customers; in the process, Roy has collected over one million dollars. Roy suffers from several mental disorders, including agoraphobia, mysophobia, obsessive-compulsive personality disorder and a tic disorder- he yells "Pygmies" whenever something surprises or upsets him. After Roy experiences a violent panic attack, Frank suggests he see a psychiatrist, Dr. Harris Klein . Klein provides Roy with medication, and in therapy has Roy recall his past relationship with his ex-wife, Heather , who was pregnant during the time of the divorce. At Roy\'s behest, Klein informs Roy that he called Heather and found out that Roy has a 14-year-old daughter, Angela . Roy and Angela meet and Angela quizzes Roy regarding his life and occupation. Her youthful energy rejuvenates him, and Roy thus agrees to work with Frank on a long-term con: their target is Chuck Frechette , an arrogant businessman whom the duo decides to con with the Jamaican Switch. One night, Angela unexpectedly arrives at Roy\'s house, saying that she has had a fight with her mother, and decides to stay for the weekend before returning to school, much to Roy\'s discomfort. She explores his belongings and causes him to rethink his life, which he mentions during therapy with Klein. Angela returns home late one night, leading to an argument between the two. During dinner, Roy admits that he is a con artist and reluctantly agrees to teach Angela a con. The two of them go to a local laundromat and con an older woman into believing she has won the lottery, and she shares half of her expected winnings with Angela; however, Roy then forces Angela to return the money. Roy questions the morality of teaching his daughter such practices, but believes his rejuvenation is a good sign. He then goes bowling with her but is interrupted when Frank reveals that Chuck\'s flight to the Caymans has been updated to that day instead of Friday as planned. With little time left, Roy reluctantly decides to let Angela play the part of distracting Chuck midway through the con; however, after the con is finished, Chuck realizes what has happened and chases the two into the parking lot before they escape. Roy then learns that Angela was arrested a year ago, and forces her to stop calling him despite the fact that she has bought him a small present as a sign of affection. Without Angela, Roy\'s myriad phobias resurface, and during another panic attack, he ultimately learns that the medication given him by Klein is a placebo, proving that he doesn\'t actually need his pills to be happy. He decides that he needs Angela in his life but that he would have to change his lifestyle, much to Frank\'s disappointment. Roy and Angela return from dinner one night to find Chuck waiting for them with a gun, alongside a badly beaten Frank. Angela shoots Chuck and Roy sends her off with Frank into hiding until the matter can be sorted out. As Roy prepares to take care of Chuck\'s body, Chuck suddenly springs to life and knocks Roy unconscious. Roy awakens in a hospital, where the police inform him that Chuck eventually died from the gunshot and Frank and Angela have disappeared. Klein appears and Roy gives him the password to his bank account, ordering him to give the money to Angela when she is found. Later, Roy awakens to find that the "police" have disappeared, his "hospital room" is actually a freight container on the roof of a parking garage, "Dr. Klein\'s" office is vacant, and essentially all of his money has been taken. As he begins to realize that Frank pulled a con on him, Roy drives over to Heather\'s  looking for Angela. While speaking with Heather, Roy learns the truth: Heather miscarried their child. There is no "Angela": the young girl he thought was his child was actually Frank\'s accomplice. One year later, Roy has become a salesman at a local carpet store, which Angela and her boyfriend one day wander into. Roy confronts Angela but ultimately forgives her, realizing that he is much happier as an honest man. Angela reveals that she did not receive her fair share of the cut from Frank, and that it was the only con she ever pulled. Angela and her boyfriend depart and Roy returns home to his new wife Kathy, who is now pregnant with his child.'] ["Badlands is narrated by Holly , a teenage girl living in a dead-end South Dakota town. One day she meets Kit , a rebellious young greaser who charms her and takes her as his accomplice on a cross-country killing spree. Holly's narration, describing her adventures with Kit with romantic clichés, is juxtaposed with the grim reality of Kit's sociopathic actions. The two are eventually arrested; Kit is executed for his crimes, while Holly receives probation."] ['An introverted, socially awkward, middle-class youth, Robert Carmichael, is a talented cello player but is bored by his existence in the coastal town of Newhaven. He becomes associated with several other unsavory teenagers, and is soon tempted into the use of hard drugs like cocaine and ecstasy. Robert initially does not take part in the rape of a teenage girl in a squalid flat with the gang, but later joins in another violent attack on a middle-aged couple, with the woman involved being viciously raped.'] ["His mother dying from a terminal disease, the young David  ran away from an abusive father and lived with other homeless children in a series of large concrete construction pipes. A few years later, David, who now goes by the name Tsotsi , is leader of a gang including his friends Butcher , Aap  and Boston . After getting involved in a murder committed by Butcher during a mugging, Tsotsi and Boston get into a fight which leaves Boston badly injured. Later on Tsotsi shoots Pumla , a young woman, while stealing her car, only to discover a three-month-old baby in the back seat. Tsotsi hastily strips the car of its valuables and takes the baby back to his shack. Pumla survives the attack and works with a police artist to create a composite sketch of Tsotsi's face, which is then run in the newspapers. Realizing that he cannot properly care for the baby on his own, Tsotsi spots Miriam , with a young child strapped to her back, collecting water from a public tap. He follows her to her shack and forces her at gunpoint to feed the kidnapped child. Meanwhile, rich gang leader Fela ([[Zola  begins attempting to recruit Aap, Boston and Butcher to work for him. After he takes the child to Miriam a second time, she asks Tsotsi to leave the child with her so that she can care for him on Tsotsi's behalf, to which he agrees.Tsotsi soon becomes slightly more moral and is seen at one point giving a large sum of money to a crippled beggar he had previously aggravated. Tsotsi decides to take care of the injured Boston, and has Aap and Butcher take Boston to his shack. Boston, who is called Teacher Boy by his friends, explains that he never took the teachers' examination, and Tsotsi tells him that the gang will raise the money so that Boston can take the exam. To do so, they will have to commit another robbery. Tsotsi, Butcher and Aap go to Pumla's house; when Pumla's husband John  returns from the hospital they follow him into the house and tie him up. Aap is assigned to watch John while Butcher ransacks the bedroom and Tsotsi collects items from the baby’s room. When Aap goes to raid the fridge, John activates the alarm. In panic, Butcher attempts to kill John with John's pistol that he found, but Tsotsi shoots and kills Butcher with his pistol and he and Aap escape in John's car moments before the security company arrives. Traumatized by Tsotsi's killing of Butcher and fearing that Tsotsi will one day harm him too, Aap decides to leave the gang and quit as Tsotsi's friend. When Tsotsi goes back to Miriam's house she reveals that she knows where he got the baby, and begs him to return the child to his parents. Tsotsi sets off to return the baby. He reaches John's house, tells John over the intercom that he will leave the child outside the gate. Meanwhile, an officer stationed at the house alerts Captain Smit ([[Ian Roberts , who rushes to the scene, arriving just as Tsotsi is about to walk away. The police train their guns on Tsotsi, ordering him to return the baby. However, John urges them to lower their weapons so that he can retrieve the baby himself. Holding the baby in his arms, he is convinced by John to give up the baby. Tsotsi emotionally returns the baby to John, then is simply told to put up his hands when he turns himself in and the film ends.  Although the film ends ambiguously, two unused endings were shot for the film, which can be seen on the Tsotsi DVD. One is where Tsotsi is shot in the shoulder, and while the officers are shocked at what happened, he escapes through a large field back to the Soweto slums after avoiding a shot from the chief police officer. The other is where Tsotsi is shot in the chest after reaching for the baby's milk, collapses and dies, while John and Pumla look on in horror."] ["Having just served five years in prison for a crime he did not commit, Billy Brown  kidnaps a young tap dancer named Layla  and forces her to pretend to be his wife. Layla allows herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically attracted to Billy from the start, but Billy all the while is compelled to deal with his own demons, his loneliness and his depression. The subplot of Billy seeking revenge on the man indirectly responsible for his imprisonment, Scott Wood, is a reference to a former Buffalo Bills kicker, Scott Norwood, who missed the game-winning field goal in Super Bowl XXV against the New York Giants in 1991.It's Super Bowl loser Norwood's unlucky number. Here's why... Gary Imlach, The Guardian, January 7, 2007."] ['Yankee lawyer John Reynolds  and Southern Belle Julie Mirbeau  meet and fall in love on a riverboat going to New Orleans in the Gay Nineties. Upon arrival they are met by Julie\'s father  who runs the popular Louisiana State Lottery Company and Reynold\'s Aunt Blanche  who is a key figure in the anti-Lottery forces hoping Wayne as State\'s Attorney will end the Lottery. Correctly gauging the situation as "playing Romeo and Juliet", Wayne is invited to the Mirbeau mansion where Julie and her father explain that not only are the people of New Orleans fun loving and like gambling such as the Lottery, but the Lottery funds many charitable institutions such as hospitals and levees for the river. Unknown to General Mirbeau is his assistant Blackie\'s  protection rackets and murders of lottery winners through his army of thugs led by Cuffy Brown . The Lottery forces also have information sources in the State\'s Attorney\'s office that reveals every move Wayne has planned to raid illegal activities as well as corrupting judges and other officials through their brothels. The battle between the two forces esclates leading into a climax of lightning striking and destroying a courthouse where a trial is going on and a break in the levees during torrential rains that flood the city.'] ["Steve Grey  is a hotshot New York newspaper reporter, specializing in murder. When a crooked businessman named Halford is murdered, Steve pins the blame on the dead man's associate, Henry Mander , theorizing that Halford was killed by a rifle from a shooting gallery across the street. Mander is arrested, tried and convicted. Steve goes to visit his father, Pop Grey, who is depressed over his business being ruined. The hard-working, hard-drinking Steve is urged by a woman who loves him, Mary , a gossip columnist, to take some time off. Another newspaper colleague, Shorty , comes to find him, saying their editor wants Steve to do an exclusive interview with condemned man Mander in prison. He goes to Sing Sing to do so. Out of guilt, however, Steve shocks everyone by confessing to having committed the murder himself, as revenge for Halford and Mander having ruined his father. Steve's last act is to tell his editor that he's got his biggest story ever."] ['A womanizing racketeer  is wounded by police and hides out in a farmhouse, where he falls in love with a country girl  and meets her wholesome family. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing - Original Story .'] ['Fact-based story of undercover DEA agent Enrique Camarena  who, while stationed in Guadalajara, uncovered a massive marijuana operation in Northern Mexico that led to his death and a remarkable investigation of corruption within the Mexican government. At least four of the principal actors in Drug Wars: The Camarena Story later starred in the Academy Award-winning film Traffic, a film that also deals with the subject of the ongoing drug trade between the United States and Mexico. In a somewhat interesting reversal of roles, in Drug Wars actors Miguel Ferrer and Steven Bauer both play DEA agents while Benicio del Toro and Eddie Velez play drug traffickers; in Traffic, Ferrer and Bauer both play drug traffickers, while del Toro and Velez play a Mexican federal narcotics agent and a DEA agent.'] ["Kelly  is a prostitute who shows up in the small town of Grantville, just one more burg in a long string of quick stops on the run after being chased out of the big city by her former pimp. She engages in a quick tryst with local sheriff Griff , who then tells her to stay out of his town and refers her to a cat-house just across the state line. Instead, she decides to give up her illicit lifestyle, becoming a nurse at a hospital for handicapped children. Griff doesn't trust reformed prostitutes, however, and continues trying to run her out of town. Kelly falls in love with J.L. Grant , the wealthy scion of the town's founding family, an urbane sophisticate, and Griff's best friend. After a dream-like courtship where even Kelly's admission of her past can't deter Grant, the two decide to marry. It is only after Kelly is able to finally convince Griff that she truly loves Grant and has given up prostitution for good that he agrees to be their best man. Shortly before the wedding, Kelly arrives at Grant's mansion, only to find him on the verge of molesting a small girl. As he grinningly tries to persuade her to marry him, arguing that she too is a deviant, the only one who can understand him, and that he loves her, Kelly strikes him with a phone receiver, killing him instantly. Jailed, and under heavy interrogation from Griff, she must convince him and the town that she is telling the truth about Grant's death. As Kelly tries to exonerate herself, one disappointment follows another, and enemies old and new parade through the jailhouse to defame her. In despair, she is at last able to find Grant's victim and prove her innocence.<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/34395/The-Naked-Kiss/overview |title2008-07-21 |author10-29-1964 |publisher=The New York Times}}"] ["Subhash Nagre , who is known by his followers as Sarkar, lives in Mumbai. The opening scenes show a rape victim's father  approaching Sarkar for justice  which Sarkar promptly establishes by having the rapist beaten up by his henchmen. His son, Vishnu , plays a foul-mouthed producer who is more interested in the film actress Sapna  than his wife Amrita . Sarkar's other, more upright son, Shankar , returns from the United States with his love Pooja  after completing his education there. Pooja's doubts about Sarkar's image cause Shankar, who firmly believes in his father's righteousness, to break up with her later in the movie. One day, a Dubai-based don, Rasheed ([[Zakir Hussain  tries to strike a deal with Sarkar; he promptly refuses on moral grounds and also forbids him from doing it himself. Rasheed tries to eliminate Sarkar's supremacy with the help of Selvar Mani , Sarkar's former associate and Swami Virendra ([[Jeeva . Meanwhile, they trap Sarkar by assassinating a righteous, upright, Ahimsa political leader and an outspoken critic of Sarkar, Motilal Khurana . Everyone, including Vishnu believe that Sarkar is guilty but Shankar has deep faith in his father. Sarkar gets arrested. Shankar now takes over the position of Sarkar temporarily. On learning of a plot to murder his father in prison, he approaches the police commissioner  who mocks him and his father besides not providing protection. By the time he reaches the prison and appropriate action is taken, the attempt on Sarkar's life is already made. Sarkar is later acquitted. He remains bedridden as Shankar takes on Sarkar's enemies. Meanwhile, Selva Mani, Swami and Rasheed try to convince Vishnu to murder Sarkar. Vishnu was previously thrown out of Sarkar's house because he had murdered the actor who was having an affair with Sapna. Vishnu returns home pretending to have repented. When he approaches Sarkar in the dark of the night with the intent of murdering him, Shankar foils his plan and later kills him . Shankar eliminates Rasheed and Selva Mani. He also succeeds in making Swami his puppet. Shankar has also realized that Chief Minister Madan Rathore  also has a part in the attempt to end Sarkar and his rule. This results in legal action against the Chief Minister. The closing scenes show people approaching Shankar for justice and his father apparently retired.fd"] ["Trevor Howard plays Clem, an ex-RAF man who is drawn into the world of crime after the war. His psychopathic crime boss Narcy (short for [[Narcissus , betrays him when he refuses to deal in drugs, and he's framed for killing a police officer and imprisoned. The bitter Clem quickly escapes and sets off a country-wide man hunt as he seeks to avenge his being framed."] ['{{Expand section}} A group of disparate patrons in a Los Angeles diner are having breakfast when a psychopath enters with a gun, holds them hostage and has a standoff with the SWAT Team. The film then cuts to earlier that same day, showing how each character came to be in the diner. The narrative progresses non-sequentially, but working towards the moment when the gunman opens fire. Each character is shown going about their daily lives, individually revealing themes of romance, obsession and desperation. The film climaxes back in the diner, and features a surprise twist ending.'] ["Jason  is a responsible young man who has a job in a television repair shop and lives at home with his hard-working mom . Joshua  is the younger brother just released from prison. He is a volatile, disturbed ex-con who is obviously bound for a violent end. Joshua deals drugs for short-term cash and joins a crew plotting a bank robbery. When Lyric  walks into the shop to buy a television, Jason meets his perfect match. She has dreams of escape, and inspires Jason to do supposedly romantic things like borrow a city bus to take her on a date. Their relationship continually grows and blossoms into love. The height comes when Jason and Lyric take a romantic ride in a rowboat, then make love in the woods. In a series of flashbacks, Forest Whitaker plays the boys' father, Mad Dog. Throughout the film, Jason has nightmares about a tragedy in his childhood. Either Jason or Joshua killed Mad Dog while he was drunkenly attacking their mother. It turns out that Jason accidentally killed Mad Dog in the end. Jason managed to take the gun from Joshua and accidentally shot Mad Dog in the chest. After being comforted by Lyric, he learns to deal with his past. The robbery does not go as planned; Joshua comes late, and more significantly, causes bedlam by independently terrorizing and beating the customers of the bank, nor does he promptly get in the getaway car when the heist is over. As punishment, Joshua is flogged by the rest of his gang. Joshua returns home and Jason realizes how badly he's been beaten, so he confronts the leader of the gang, Alonzo , and the two have a vicious fight in a public restroom. Jason then meets Lyric at the bayou and tells her that he can't leave with her and that his nightmares occur because he killed his father when he was a child and that's why he feels obligated to his family. Things get worse when Joshua hears his mother tell Jason to leave town with Lyric because he doesn't owe her or Joshua anything. Joshua believes that Jason is leaving not only because of Lyric, but because Alonzo may take revenge. Joshua plans to kill them all in order to keep his brother from leaving. Jason hears about Joshua's plan and heads to Alonzo/Lyric's house, but he's too late. He see's what has happened and rushes upstairs looking for Lyric. He finds that Joshua has a gun pointed at her neck. He draws a gun, as well and is able to convince Joshua not to kill her, but he accidentally pulls the trigger and shoots her on the right-side of her shoulder. Jason carries her out of the home to a growing crowd outside the house. Lyric is injured, but still alive. However, Joshua is too fed up with his life and decides to end it all by killing himself , in earshot of everyone outside. The film ends with Jason and Lyric riding a bus, leaving town, however some versions do not show this part."] ["Karan  is a brave and honest police inspector who causes problems for the criminals in Mumbai, including Bhujang . His henchman try to get rid of Karan by framing him and getting him posted in some remote village called Madhavpur. Karan sets to put things right there too, and gets into confrontations with the locals who do not abide by the law. One of the lawbreakers in Madhavpur is Jay Singh , who is a charming but reckless villager always ready to fight for the oppressed. After some initial tensions, Karan and Jay become friends. Jackie Shroff plays Ravi, son of the Mumbai Police Commissioner . After his sister Divya  is kidnapped by Bhujang, Ravi rescues her and then surprisingly joins Bhujang's criminal empire secretly wanting to get his own revenge on Bhujang. After many attempts on life and few resurrections, the three join forces to destroy Bhujang's criminal empire with everything in it. The three leading ladies provide the love interests of the three heroes."] ['The film begins with stock footage scenes of warfare in Vietnam. An American soldier named Frankie  is seen running alone through the jungle as his voice narrates. He explains that he "goes back there every night" right before he wakes up in bed with his wife in their squalid NYC apartment. The distorted cries of his baby are heard, and his pregnant wife wakes up to tend to the boy. They argue over Frankie\'s unemployment and their son\'s health. The baby is a mutant, portrayed by a puppet. Frankie assumes it was a result of chemical weapons used during the war. The bulk of the film consists of long sequences of urban blight underscored by Ricky Giovinazzo\'s synthesizer soundtrack. A junkie scores from the local kingpin, Paco. Frankie waits in line outside the unemployment office. The junkie desperately searches for a needle to shoot up with. Frankie kills time entertaining a child prostitute. The junkie resorts to dumping the drugs directly onto a wound he opens in his arm and passes out. A random woman comes upon him and steals his gun and ammunition, putting them in her purse. There is no work for Frankie at the unemployment office. Typical of the movie, unexplained arbitrary things happen, such as one social worker asking another if he\'s seen his Veg-O-Matic. Frankie\'s social worker spaces out during their meeting and says, "Life is hot, and because life is hot, I must take off my jacket." He then resumes the meeting, imploring Frankie to go back to school because he has no marketable skills. Frankie is desperate for work, having been unemployed for four months. He calls his father to ask for money. His father thinks the call is a prank, because he believes his son died in Saigon. Frankie explains that he was reported killed 15 years ago but he made it out alive and spent three years in an army hospital recuperating. He tells his father that his wife is pregnant again and they are being evicted, but his father claims that he is also broke and about to die from a heart condition. Seemingly broken, Frankie comes across the woman who stole the junkie\'s gun and steals her purse, an out of character criminal act for him. She screams for help. Paco and his thugs chase Frankie. When they overcome him, they mercilessly beat him. The gun falls out of the bag during the pummeling. When Paco goes through the bag, he finds the bullets and realizes there must have been a gun in it. He turns around to see Frankie standing with the gun. Frankie shoots all three men in a daze. He has been beaten to a pulp, and his voice over explains that his father was right: he had died in Saigon. He explains that his company had come upon a village where everyone had killed themselves to avoid being raped and murdered by the US soldiers. He realizes that he must similarly \'save\' his family, and he returns home. His wife is horrified by his appearance and briefly tends to his wounds. He is catatonic and hallucinates in front of the TV. Eventually, he reloads the gun and prepares to kill himself, but another hallucination reminds him of his purpose for returning home. Frankie walks into the bedroom, tells his wife that he loves her, and then shoots her in the stomach. As she lies on the ground, he shoots her three more times, yelling at her to die. He shoots the baby once and then picks it up from the crib. He cradles it and walks into the kitchen with it. Frankie lays the baby in the oven, and turns it all the way to the cleaning setting. He then pours himself a glass of spoiled milk and drinks it before committing suicide.'] ['Price  is an ex-hitman who retired to live the "easy life" only to find himself restless. He takes one final contract on Sarah , a small town library employee only to fall in love with his target.'] ['Martha Hoagland  is a 16 year old girl suffering through her parents  recent divorce, her mother working long hours and being recently dumped by her boyfriend, feeling lonely and seeking solace she turns to an internet chat room. Martha believes she\'s chatting with a guy around her age when in reality she\'s chatting with an internet predator involved in cyber kidnapping ring . Martha is lured to join her new "friend" who claims he never sent her a ticket out, she is then brought to "The Scanman" and its up to Martha\'s mother Connie to rescue her daughter.'] ["The story revolves around a perpetual loser named Richter Boudreau . Richter is from a privileged background in Tulsa, Oklahoma and works as a movie reviewer at a local newspaper only because his sour mother Cynthia  pulled strings for him to land the job. He is dissatisfied with the direction that his life has taken; he is about to be fired from his job because he can't meet deadlines, lives in a dilapidated farmhouse, does drugs behind the scenes, and is so behind on his bills that his electricity has been cut off. Richter also owes money to Ronnie Stover , an abusive drug dealer. Ronnie is married to Vicky , a beautiful woman who was disowned by her socially prominent family for her involvement with Ronnie. Richter is still in love with Vicky despite having ended their relationship years before. Vicky is the sister of Keith , a misogynistic alcoholic whose large inheritance fails to soothe his anger, loneliness, and depression. Cherry  is an exotic dancer from Chicago who buys drugs from Ronnie and gets romantically involved with Richter. Ronnie plans to blackmail Bedford Shaw , the son of a socially prominent businessman named Harmon Shaw , after Cherry tells him that Shaw murdered her friend, a stripper/prostitute, in a motel room and that she took photographs. Ronnie attempts to involve Richter by having him hold onto a mysterious black pouch and by exploiting Richter's newspaper connections. Richter wants no part of the blackmail scheme. But he gets in over his head when Keith discovers that Richter has been sleeping with Vicky."] ['Set in Los Angeles, following a few officers in the Los Angeles Police Department in April 1992, Dark Blue takes place from a few days before to during the acquittal of four officers in the beating of black motorist Rodney King and the subsequent L.A. riots. The movie begins with some of the footage of the Rodney King beatings and then switches to a scene showing Sergeant Eldon Perry  pacing around in a motel room. He grabs a shotgun and pistol, and then the movie cuts to a scene with two men in a car , five days earlier. The two men, Darryl Orchard  and Gary Sidwell , appear to be robbing a convenience store, when they are actually after a safe in the room above the store. In the process, four people are murdered, and one severely wounded. The story then shifts to Detective Bobby Keough , who is in a Gun Board hearing in relation to an application of deadly force. His partner, Perry, defends him, and the two leave. Perry, Keough, and Jack Van Meter  are all sitting in a room when they find out that Keough is exonerated. Jack Van Meter is Keough and Perry\'s superior and a man of poor moral character—he often has his subordinates fabricate stories and evidence. It is later discovered that Perry killed the man that the Gun Board thinks Keough killed, meaning Perry and Keough perjured themselves earlier. Later that night Van Meter goes to Orchard and Sidwell\'s house and takes the money the two stole from the safe, indicating that the two work for him. That night Keough is shown having sex with a woman who is also a police officer ; the relationship is casual, and they do not reveal their surnames to one another. The next morning Van Meter tells Perry and Keough to investigate the convenience store murder-robbery. Their investigation ends with them finding Orchard and Sidwell as lead suspects; when this is brought to Van Meter, he tells them to pin it on someone else and provides a false alibi for Orchard and Sidwell. Meanwhile, Assistant Chief Arthur Holland  finds Perry\'s actions suspicious and also does not believe Keough killed the man he was charged with killing at the Gun Board hearing. He asks his assistant Sergeant Beth Williamson, who has a mutual fling with Keough, to help him. When Williamson is pulling files on Perry and Keough, she discovers the identity of her lover to be Keough. Later in the night, after obtaining a search warrant with underhanded techniques, a SWAT team raids the house of the ex-cons who are to be the fall guys. One of the ex-cons escapes and goes into a back alley, but is chased by Perry and Keough. When they catch up, Perry tells Keough to kill the man, but Keough has trouble pulling the trigger. Ultimately, however, Keough does kill the innocent man and is visibly shaken. Later on, Perry arrives at home mid-day and sees a moving truck outside of his house. His wife informs him that she is leaving him for another man. Perry tells her that she can keep the house, and leaves. Keough, still distraught after shooting an unarmed man begging for his life, goes to Williamson\'s house and confesses to her that he killed the man under Perry\'s orders. During this time, Van Meter decides he wants Perry killed and calls Orchard and Sidwell to do the job. Van Meter calls Perry and tells him that there is a witness at the address 12657 Juliet. Perry initially balks at this proposal, citing the fact that this "witness" was not directly involved, and that this suggested murder would be far different. He finally accepts, and the call ends. Perry then runs the address 12657 Juliet with the department, and it is uncovered to be the address of Orchard and Sidwell. Shocked at this revelation, Perry ultimately decides to arm himself and head out to the address anyway, perhaps to kill Orchard and Sidwell. This links back to the start of the film. Believing that Perry was sent by Van Meter to Orchard and Sidwell , Keough and Williamson also drive to 12657 Juliet. It is while driving there that they learn that the officers involved in the Rodney King beating were found not guilty and the city begins to break down. Turning a corner near Orchard and Sidwell\'s house, Perry sees Keough and Williamson and all three stop. This pause is only broken as Keough is killed by Orchard and Sidwell firing from the rooftop, and the latter subsequently flee. Before dying, Keough tells Perry that he has ratted him out. Infuriated, Williamson blames Perry for what happened, saying she hopes he will burn in Hell. Perry calls in the incident, hesitating briefly before stating his intention of pursuing Orchard and Sidwell. As they are driving through what are the LA riots, Sidwell is dragged out of his car and beaten to death by rioters while Orchard is captured by Perry. Perry then heads to the police academy promotions ceremony , where he confesses about the corruption and implicates Van Meter. Van Meter attempts to discredit Perry, but ultimately fails as Perry volunteers himself to be arrested, and Holland orders an officer to do so. After the ceremony is adjourned, Perry and Holland chat briefly; Perry is well aware he will be incarcerated, and asks Holland to help him avoid the rougher prisons. Holland says he will see what he can do. The film ends with Perry gazing at a burning skyline of downtown Los Angeles.'] ["The story takes place in an ordinary village in Hungary. It begins with an old man who has hiccups, and takes place in front of his house near a can of milk. He observes the daily habits of the villagers, and the viewer is shown many sequences about different events: A young man drives his horse and cart filled with milk cans. Normally he would clean the cans, but he's distracted by a girl sitting in the sun. A threshing-machine is harvesting. A cat becomes poisoned and eventually dies. A mole gets killed by an old lady ploughing the ground and she gives the mole to her dog. A farmer takes his pig to a sow for fertilization and the two owners watch with satisfaction when the pigs copulate. The men of the village bowl to kill time. The old man is still having hiccups. The village seems idyllic, but there are mysterious things happening. During these events, there are sequences about women trading bottles with unknown liquids. From time to time a man dies and the collective village walks up with a chest and comforts the widow. The postwoman also shows up from time to time and gives the widow her dead mother's pension. It all seems harmless and normal life continues after the burials. When a fisherman disappears, a local policeman is determined to find out what happened to the fisherman and eventually finds out at the end when he sees the mailman appear with a package for the widow. With  no dialogue in the movie, it seems the events around the villagers, animals, and plants have no meaning. However, at the end of the movie there is a wedding where some girls sing an old folksong which reveals the murder-mystery."] ["A psychoanalyst and his young family and some friends are taken hostage by a gang led by an escaped killer Al Walker. The doctor gets the killer to talk to him in an attempt to find out the killer's unconscious motivation for his evil ways. He relates a dramatic dream he's been having since childhood. Eventually, his crimes are traced back to his childhood and lack of parental guidance, and by the end of the night the doctor has calmed the killer's murderous rage and prevents any more killings."] ["In 1982, Toronto bank employee Dan Mahowny  is given access to bigger and bigger accounts with his promotion to assistant branch manager. His boss trusts him but is unaware that Mahowny is a compulsive gambler. Mahowny is soon skimming larger and larger amounts for his own use and making weekly trips to Atlantic City, where he is treated like a king by a greedy casino manager . Mahowny's girlfriend, fellow bank employee Belinda , can't understand what is happening. Mahowny's criminal acts come to light when Toronto police begin to investigate his longtime bookie . The movie's focus is on Mahowny as a character—how his compulsion drives him and all the domino effects it has on the rest of his life. The love story between Mahowny and Belinda and the inclusion of other finely drawn characters such as hapless casino employee Bernie  put the emphasis squarely on the gambling addiction, not on the flash and sizzle of big casinos or multi-million-dollar frauds. Film critic Roger Ebert named Owning Mahowny one of the top ten films of 2003.Ebert, Roger, Awake in the Dark: The Best of Roger Ebert. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 2006, ISBN 0-226-18200-2, p. 453. Review by Roger Ebert, May 16, 2003."] ["Shivlingu a.k.a. Shivu, an innocent villager who works as a manual laborer in stone quarry realizes that his mother is seriously ill. He gets his mother to Bangalore for treatment, but his mother dies and he is unable to arrange finances for her funeral. He manages to pay with the only ornament he had in order to carry out the funeral of his mother. With his inability to procure a tomb-stone for his mother's grave, Shivu leaves the city walking without any money, devastated. While on his way he comes across a girl  who is kidnapped and the abductors try to rape her. Shivu saves her and gets her to the orphanage where she is staying. The warden of the institute misunderstands the situation and believes that Purnima is in love with Shivu and had eloped with him. The warden asks the girl to leave the institution immediately. Shivu wants to fulfill her wish to continue study and decides to support her education. But apart from a strong body he does not have any qualities to survive in this world. The circumstances make him work for the underworld. In the process his peers in the underworld have an eye on Purima, the love for Purnima makes Shivu to fight with mob leaders. In the process the kingpin gets killed. Police wrongly believe that Shivu is responsible for the murders. Unable to see the suffering of Shivu at the hands of society, police, and the underworld, Purnima calls him to meet her outside the city. Without his knowledge, she gives him sweets laced with poison and she too consumes the same to end the chapter."] ["Anton Adam is a lawyer who has just got a client acquitted against the uptown New York lawyer Granville Bentley. Granville offers the poor lawyer partnership and he accepts. Anton's faithful secretary Olga Michaels isn't delighted to see Anton disrespecting the law. His downfall comes when he meets the beautiful Virginia, an actress who is introduced as a woman whose doctor has abandoned her and now seeks help. Anton sues Dr. Gresham, but Virginia soon calls him she wants to drop the charges. He responds with anger, which Virginia records. Now, Anton is sued for blackmail and must face a tough jury. He loses his partnership with Bentley and he decides to become ruthless. With only his secretary on his side, Anton returns to his old neighbourhood to set up an honest legal practice."] [" The Great Flamarion  is an arrogant, friendless, and misogynous marksman who displays his trick gunshot act in the vaudeville circuit. His show features a beautiful assistant, Connie  and her drunken husband Al , Flamarion's other assistant. Flamarion falls in love with Connie, the movie's femme fatale, and is soon manipulated by her into killing her no good husband during one of their acts."] ["In the 1840s, an American sailor ashore in Liverpool is wrongly convicted and sent to the penal colony in Sydney Australia where he enters into a battle of wills with the Governor. The Governor offers him a pardon if he helps pioneer new land for the growing colony. He marries Irish woman Bess and they establish a far despite the harassment of bushrangers. Opponents of the governor persuade a visiting Crown commissioner, Lord Croydon, to revoke Adm's pardon. Adam tries to escape but is arrested. Bess pleads his case and Adam gets a full pardon."] ['Federal agent Rigby  travels to Los Trancos on the island of Carlota  to break up a war-surplus aircraft engine racket and finds himself tempted by corruption, namely Elizabeth Hintten , a café singer married to Tug Hintten , a drunken ex-pilot. Carwood  is the brains of the outfit, aided and abetted by J.J. Bealer  and Hintten .'] ['Notorious outlaw Wes McQueen  is freed from jail and heads off to the Colorado Territory to meet the man who arranged the escape, his old friend Dave Rickard . Along the way, the stagecoach he is riding in is attacked by a gang of robbers. When the driver and guard are both killed, McQueen kills or drives off the remaining gunmen, earning the gratitude of the other passengers, dreamer Fred Winslow  and his daughter Julie Ann . Winslow has bought a ranch sight unseen and looks forward to making his fortune. McQueen arrives at the ghost town of Todos Santos, where Reno Blake ([[John Archer  and Duke Harris ([[James Mitchell  are waiting for him, along with Reno\'s part-Indian girlfriend, Colorado Carson . After looking them over , he heads off to a nearby town to meet an ailing Rickard, who asks McQueen to pull off one last big train robbery so they can both retire. With the exception of Rickard, McQueen distrusts everybody else in the gang, including ex-private detective Pluthner ([[Harry Woods , who recruited Reno and Duke, and Homer Wallace , the railroad informant. McQueen wants to go straight, but agrees to do the job out of gratitude and friendship. While waiting for the robbery, McQueen decides to keep Colorado with him to avoid stirring up trouble between Duke and Reno. Although Colorado falls for him and tells him so, McQueen still dreams of marrying Julie Ann and settling down. When he visits the Winslow ranch, he finds it a poor, arid place. Winslow warns him that Julie Ann loves Randolph, a rich man back east. Winslow took her away because Randolph would never have married so far beneath him socially. McQueen, however, does not let the disclosure deter him. The day of the robbery, a suspicious McQueen talks to Wallace\'s wife and discovers he has betrayed the gang for the reward money. Forewarned, McQueen uncouples the passenger cars in which the sheriff and his men wait in ambush, leaving them behind. Duke and Reno, as prearranged with Pluthner, also try to double cross McQueen, but he is prepared for them too. He gets the drop on them, takes the money, and leaves the pair handcuffed together for the sheriff to capture and later hang. He and Colorado go to split the money with Rickard, only to find Pluthner over the old man\'s dead body. McQueen kills him, but is shot in the shoulder. A wounded McQueen heads to the Winslow ranch, where Winslow helps Colorado remove the bullet out, even after he is told who McQueen really is and what he has done. Later, McQueen overhears Julie Ann tell her father they should turn him in for the reward money. However, Winslow lies to the sheriff and his posse when they show up. McQueen realizes he loves Colorado and asks her to marry him. The happy couple plan a new life in Mexico, but are found hiding out in Todos Santos. He gives her the money, drives off her horse so she cannot follow him, and makes a desperate dash for the border. He is trapped in a long-deserted cliffside Indian settlement, but is too good a marksman for his pursuers to rush him. Eventually Colorado arrives on foot. Meanwhile, the sheriff comes up with a devious plan. After stationing an Indian sharpshooter, he and all but two of his men ride away to a  back entrance. As the lawman had hoped, Colorado grabs a gun from one of the men, orders them to walk away, and takes the two remaining horses to McQueen. McQueen emerges and is wounded by the sharpshooter. When the posse returns, Colorado shoots back, and the two lovers are killed in a hail of gunfire. In the closing scene, a priest at a church McQueen visited says, "A happy couple passed by here today." The priest rings the church bells.'] ['Carmine Bonavia is elected mayor of New York City on the issue of drug legalization. After the election, he marries and travels to his ancestral home of Sicily for their honeymoon where he encounters men of power will stop at nothing to prevent the legalization of drugs, which threatens their business.'] ["When she turns 18, unhappy Lidda Daniels leaves Southern California to look for Charlie, her father, a professional gambler who abandoned her years before. On her way to Vegas, she picks up Colonel, a video store clerk whom she finds attractive even though they've never spoken. This film is most notable for its first poker scene in which James Caan and Vincent Kartheiser face off against each other. The drama is lessened because one of the players is playing Texas hold 'em, while the other appears to be playing five card draw, in the same game."] ['After getting out of prison, Danny Kean  shocks the gang he leads by quitting. He wants his first stint in jail to be his last, and he has always dreamed of becoming a newspaper reporter. He hands leadership over to Jerry "the Mug" , even though he suspects Jerry sold him out. Al McLean , the city editor of the sleazy Graphic News, had offered him a job when he got out, but when Danny shows up, Al is reluctant to take him on. Just then, Al\'s boss, Grover , laments that nobody has gotten a photograph of Hennessy , a fireman who responded to a fire at the fireman\'s own house, found the dead bodies of his wife and her lover, and barricaded himself in the ruins with a gun. Danny sneaks in, pretends to be an insurance adjuster to lull Hennessy\'s suspicions, and steals his wedding picture. As a result, Danny is made a staff photographer. When some journalism students take a tour of the Graphic News , Danny is attracted to Pat Nolan . She goes out on a date with him, much to the annoyance of "sob sister" reporter Allison , who makes it quite clear that she wants Danny too, though she is Al\'s girlfriend. A complication arises when Danny discovers that not only is Pat\'s father, Casey , a police lieutenant, but Casey was the one who shot him  and caught him. Naturally, Casey orders his daughter to stay away from Danny. However, Al gets him to change his mind by arranging for another newspaper to print a flattering story about him that gets him promoted to captain. When a woman is scheduled to be executed at Sing Sing, the Graphic News is the only paper not invited. Danny steals the invitation of another reporter, but finds that it is not transferable. However, Captain Nolan is in charge of the proceedings and lets him in. Casey takes a picture of the woman in the electric chair using a hidden camera strapped to his ankle . The other reporters find out and inform the police. A wild car chase ensues, but Danny delivers his prize to Grover and is handsomely rewarded. The photograph is printed on the front page. However, Pat breaks up with him after her father is demoted as a result. Al arranges for Danny to hide from the angry police at Allison\'s apartment, as she will be out of town covering another story. She returns early and eagerly embraces an uninterested Danny. Al comes in at that moment, and Danny loses his best friend. Danny takes to drinking to drown his sorrows. Al tracks him down and apologizes; he has found out about Allison. Al announces he has quit drinking  and quit the News. They find out that Jerry the Mug has killed two policemen during a robbery and is the target of a massive manhunt. They realize that if Danny can find him, the scoop will get them jobs at any paper. Danny tracks Jerry down and pretends to be on his side. The police find his hideout without Danny\'s help, and a fierce shootout ensues. Danny secretly takes photographs of Jerry\'s last moments. When the police break in, Danny claims that he was working undercover for Nolan, which earns him a promotion back to captain. Danny and Pat are reunited, and the inside story is Danny and Al\'s passport to jobs on the Daily Record.'] ['Steve  is a maladjusted Los Angeles teenager who renames himself “Hate” following a run-in with the local police. He lives with his father ([[James Caan , who is bilking a former employer in a workers compensation fraud scheme. One evening while taking a motorcycle ride, Hate witnesses what appears to be an attempted rape. He shoots the would-be attacker and takes off with Cindy, the young girl being assaulted . It turns out that the rapist is an assistant district attorney , who survives the shooting and falsely reports that he was the victim of a robbery. Hate and Cindy leave Los Angeles, but their situation deteriorates when Hate fatally shoots a motorcycle officer whom he mistakenly believes has come to arrest him.Variety review'] ['When a young man is befriended by a gambling ship operator and made a partner in the business, he becomes involved in a police manhunt after he covers up a murder committed by his new partner.'] ['The film\'s opening intertitle reads: :"This story is told against a background of political unrest in a city of Northern Ireland. It is not concerned with the struggle between the law and an illegal organisation, but only with the conflict in the hearts of the people when they become unexpectedly involved." The city and the organisation are never explicitly named, but the protagonist, Johnny McQueen , is the IRA-like group\'s leader in the city. Johnny has been hiding the past six months since his escape from prison in a house occupied by Kathleen Sullivan , who loves him, and her grannie. Johnny has been ordered to rob a mill to obtain funds. His men, however, are a bit uneasy about his fitness for the task, having noticed a change in him since his escape; he has expressed his new belief that negotiation might achieve their goals more effectively than violence. Dennis  offers to take his place, but Johnny turns him down. Johnny, Nolan  and Murphy get the money. As they leave, Johhny is confronted by an armed cashier. Johnny is shot in the left arm before he kills the cashier. Pat  drives off at high speed before Johnny is fully inside the getaway car. Johnny falls off. While his confederates argue about what to do, Johnny gets up and dashes away. Dennis orders the others to report to headquarters. Along the way, however, the trio arouse the suspicion of the police, out in force on a manhunt for the robbers. They are pursued, but get away. Pat and Nolan stop off at Theresa O\'Brien\'s place; Murphy does not trust her and goes elsewhere. She betrays the pair to the authorities. As they leave, they are gunned down after they start shooting. Dennis finds Johnny, but the police show up nearby. Dennis is captured after drawing them away. Johnny makes his way toward Kathleen\'s place, but collapses in the street. Passersby Maureen and Maudie take him home, thinking he has been struck by a passing lorry. When they discover who he is, Johnny departs and gets into a parked hansom cab. "Gin" Jimmy , the cabdriver, comes out and starts looking for a fare, unaware he already has a wanted man for a passenger. When he finds out, he drops Johnny off as quickly as he can. Shell  spots him dumping the now nearly unconscious fugitive. A poor man, he goes to Catholic priest Father Tom , hoping for a financial reward. By chance, Kathleen arrives shortly afterward, looking for help. Father Tom persuades Shell to fetch Johnny. Shell, while dropping off his pet bird at home, has to fend off another resident, painter Lukey , who wants him to pose some more for him. Meanwhile, Johnny revives and stumbles into a private booth in a crowded bar. Proprietor Fencie  recognises him; wanting no trouble, he closes his establishment a bit early. He then recruits Shell and the persistent Lukey, who have separately converged on the bar, to take Johnny away in a cab. Over Shell\'s protests, Lukey takes Johnny back to his studio to paint his portrait. Failed medical student Tober  tends to Johnny\'s wound as best he can. Johnny hallucinates, thinking Father Tom is talking to him. Johnny then speaks aloud parts of 1 Corinthians 13, first verse 13 , then 1-2 . When a sympathetic police inspector , who had earlier led a search of Katleen\'s home and warned her against getting involved, shows up to try to get information from Father Tom, Kathleen slips away. She arranges passage on a ship for Johnny and goes searching for him. Shell starts Johnny toward Father Tom\'s, then goes ahead and encounters Kathleen. She takes Johnny to the ship, but finds the police closing in. Johnny is too far gone to see them. When he asks, "Is it far?", Kathleen replies, "It\'s a long way, Johnny, but I\'m coming with you." She then draws a gun and starts firing, forcing the policemen to shoot back, killing them both.'] ["After Tom Powers  and his childhood friend, Matt Doyle , grow into young adults, the film follows them as they gradually progress from small crimes  to worse crimes , after being hired by local bootlegger Paddy Ryan . Tom quickly rises from apprentice to leading gangster by being more vicious and ruthless than his rivals. The bootlegging business becomes an ever more lucrative operation, and Tom and Matt are not shy about flaunting the trappings of gangsterism. Tom does not forget about his more humble origins, and offers support to his pathetically doting, and now widowed, mother. This brings him into conflict with his older brother, Mike Powers ([[Donald Cook , a shell-shocked war veteran who strongly disapproves of his loathsome little brother. Arguably, underlying the fraternal conflict is the fact that Tom’s vicious immorality has brought generous material rewards while the straight-and-narrow path chosen by his brother has only produced a bitter casualty of war. Tom considers Mike self-righteous and hypocritical. When Mike quips that Tom's success is based on nothing more than “beer and blood” , Tom retorts: “Your hands ain't so clean. You killed and liked it. You didn't get them medals for holding hands with them Germans.”{{cite web}} Tom continues his rise in gangland, but eventually his greed catches up with him when he challenges another gang, precipitating a catastrophic gang war. Arguably, the most famous scene is Tom “getting it” in the end, graphically setting the tone for the “crime doesn’t pay” theme that dominated crime films for the rest of the decade and beyond."] ["The Virgin Spring tells the story, set in medieval Sweden, of a prosperous Christian whose daughter, Karin  is appointed to take candles to the church. Karin is accompanied by her pregnant maid servant, Ingeri , who secretly worships the Norse deity Odin. Along their way through the forest on horseback, the two part, and Karin sets out on her own. Ingeri encounters a one-eyed man at a stream-side mill, converses briefly with him, and then flees in terror. Karin meets three herdsmen , and invites them to eat her lunch with her. Eventually, the two older men rape and murder Karin . The two older men then leave the scene with Karin's clothing. The younger  is left with the body to watch the sheep. He obviously takes the situation poorly because he quickly becomes sick with guilt. The herders then, unknowingly, seek shelter at the home of the murdered girl. Her parents, played by Max von Sydow and Birgitta Valberg, discover that the goat herders murdered their daughter when the goat herders offer to sell Karin's clothes to her mother. In a rage, the father locks the trio in the chamber and kills them. The next day, the parents set out to find their daughter's body, with the help of Ingeri. Her father vows that, although he cannot understand why God would allow such a thing to happen, he will build a church at the site of his daughter's death because his conscience is forcing him to atone. As her parents lift her head from the ground, a spring begins to flow from where she was lying. Ingeri then begins to wash herself with the water, and Karin's parents clean her muddied face."] ['Harry Quincy  is an amiable middle-aged man working as a designer in a fabric mill in the small town of Corinth. Younger people in the factory call him "Uncle Harry". He lives as a bachelor in a large house with his two sisters; Lettie  and Hester . Lettie is pretty but spoiled, and idles days away in bed, feigning numerous ailments. Hester is a widow and is harder working. It is made clear that although the family was rich, the monies were lost in the Depression. Everything is disrupted by the arrival of a new young female designer at the mill. Deborah  comes from New York and is slim, elegant, and very well-dressed. She clearly likes Harry and they fall in love. Planning to get married they aim to both live in the big family house, but this involves the sisters finding a new home. Whilst this is not an issue for Hester, Lettie is very resistant. After several months of having their marriage plans sabotaged, one Sunday, Harry and Deborah plan to run off to New York and just get married that evening. However their plan is thwarted when Lettie collapses and is taken to hospital. Deborah makes Harry choose: Lettie or her. He chooses his sister and they part, seemingly forever. To make things worse, Harry hears that Deborah is getting married in New York. Harry feels betrayed and recalls that Lettie bought some poison for the possible euthanization of their dog. One night, he slips some of the same poison, found in Lettie\'s desk, into her late night hot chocolate. Unfortunately due to some confusion, Hester drinks from it instead and drops dead. When the housekeeper sees it, she says that she did not think Lettie had it in her, but was aware that the sisters were always arguing. Harry sees his chance and conspires to blame the death on Lettie, as the more obviously motivated perpetrator. The local townsfolk are all sure of Lettie\'s guilt. The jury agrees; Lettie is sentenced to hang. Harry has a change of heart and brings a written confession to the prison governor. However, he thinks Harry is just a nice man trying to save his wicked sister. He says it does not make sense; Harry wanted her dead, but now wants to save her. Lettie sees him and seems happy to hang and leave him with the guilt on his shoulders. However, to satisfy the Motion Picture Production Code, everything from the discovery of the poison bottle turns out to be imaginary. Harry pours the poison in the bin. Deborah bursts in saying she decided not to marry the other man and has come back for him.'] [' The movie follows the rise and fall of a con man — a story that begins and ends at a seedy traveling carnival. Stanton "Stan" Carlisle  joins the carnival, working with "Mademoiselle Zeena"  and her alcoholic husband, Pete . Once a top-billed act, Zeena and Pete used an ingenious code to make it appear that she had extraordinary mental powers, until her  misdeeds drove Pete to drink and reduced them to working in a third-rate outfit. Stanton learns that many people want to buy the code from Zeena for a lot of money, but she won\'t sell; she is saving it as a nest egg. He tries to romance Zeena into teaching it to him, but she remains faithful to her husband and even hopes to send him to an detox clinic for alcoholics. One night in Texas, Stanton accidentally gives Pete the wrong bottle: the old man dies from drinking wood alcohol instead of moonshine. To keep her act going, Zeena is forced to teach Stanton the mind-reading code so that he can serve as her assistant. Stanton however, prefers the company of the younger Molly . When their romance is found out, the remainder of the carnies forced the pair into a shotgun marriage. No longer welcome in the carnival, Stanton realizes this is actually a golden opportunity for him. He and his wife leave the carnival. He becomes "The Great Stanton", performing to enraptured audiences in expensive nightclubs. However, he has higher ambitions. With crooked Chicago psychologist Lilith Ritter  providing him with information about her patients, Stan passes himself off as someone who can actually communicate with the dead. The plan almost works, until Stanton tries to swindle skeptical Ezra Grindle  by having Molly pose as the ghost of Grindle\'s long-lost love. When the heartbroken Grindle breaks down, Molly refuses to play the charade and confesses to Grindle. In the meantime, Ritter has scammed Stanton by giving him only a $150 of Grindle\'s money rather than the promised $150,000, and by vowing to testify that he is mentally disturbed should he accuse her of complicity. Stanton and Molly leave town hurriedly. Stanton gives the $150 to Molly and urges her return to the carnival world where people care for her, while he gradually sinks into alcoholism. Finally, the fallen Stanton tries to get a job at another carnival, only to suffer the ultimate degradation: the only job he can get is playing the geek, eating live chickens in a sideshow. Unable to stand his life any further, he goes berserk, but fortunately, Molly happens to work in the same carnival. Stan regains hope when he sees her again, and Molly vows to nurse him back to health -- but their reunion is bittersweet, being reminiscent of Zeena nursing the ever-drunk Pete. This conclusion, while somewhat dark and ambiguous, differs from the novel, which implies that Stanton is doomed to work as a geek until he drinks himself to death.'] ['In 1963 Raffaele Cutolo called "the Professor" kills a man who had harassed her sister Rosaria, and ends up in prison. After 10 years, in Naples prison "Poggioreale", he creates the criminal organization "Nuova Camorra Organizzata" with his friends Alfredo Canale and Pasquale Zara "the animal". The organization grows till in the seventies it clashes with the old families of the Camorra, starting the War of the Camorra that will bleed the entire South Italy in the 1970s and 1980s. ;The earth trembles the Camorra In 1980 an earthquake strikes Naples and the Campania region. In the rain of reconstruction money the war continues even more brutal than before. In 1981 the Red Brigades kidnap the regional Assessor Mimmo Mesillo . Members of his political party, the Christian Democrats, turn to the Professor to intervene fearing that he will confess party secrets. In exchange the Professor is promised freedom - on mental illness grounds - and 3 billion in ransom. The assessor is freed, but taken into custody by the secret services and not by the police. ;The fall of the Professor and the disappearance of NCO The politicians do not respect the agreement and the Professor is brought in the high-security prison of Asinara by decree of the Italian president Sandro Pertini. This furthers the disintegration of the Professor\'s organization as his trusted men begin cooperating with police. His sister Rosaria tries to bring it back to reality, but to no avail. In the end she kills Ciro, a trusted man who had sold out to politicians, by exploding him and his car and putting his girlfriend inside a cement pylon.'] ["On a foggy night, Jean , an army deserter, catches a ride to the port city of Le Havre. Hoping to start over, Jean finds himself in a lonely bar at the far edge of town. But, while getting a good meal and civilian clothes, Jean meets Nelly , a 17 year-old who has run away from her godfather, Zabel, who she lives with. Jean and Nelly spend time together over the following days, but they are often interrupted by Zabel who is also in love with her, and Lucien, a gangster who is looking for Nelly's ex-boyfriend, Maurice, who has recently gone missing. When Nelly finds out that her godfather killed Maurice out of jealousy, she uses the information to blackmail him and prevent him from telling the police that Jean is a deserter. While the two are in love, Jean must leave Nelly behind and makes plans to leave on a boat for Venezuela. At the last minute Jean decides to turn around and saves Nelly from the hands of Zabel, but gets shot in the back by Lucien."] ['A newspaper reporter returns from the war to New York City. After reporting to his job at his old newspaper, he finds that his old editor doesn\'t like his new ideas. Corey, with his reporter friends from the war, go off to start his own smaller tabloid style newspaper which will feature "the news before it happens." Corey gambles with a mob boss and wins the money to start up his paper, the New York Mercury, and the paper is an instant success. However, because of a number of stories that may implicate the newspaper\'s silent partner in a number of crimes, Corey finds himself and his staff threatened and even shot at. Corey finally kills the mob boss and flees the country on a plane that is attempting a trans-Atlantic flight. The plane crashes and the newspaper editor is killed.'] ["Sylvia, a not-so-young woman, is working as a prostitute in Nice. She has a painful relationship with her daughter, Laurence. When two pimps attack Sylvia in her apartment, Laurence stabs one of them, perhaps fatally, to defend her mother. Sylvia and Laurence go on the run. They begin a journey as hitchhikers, first trying to track down Sylvia’s first husband, Piotr, who had a son with her, eight years ago. Sylvia desperately hopes to resume her marriage with Piotr. Sylvia and Laurence cross paths with Joshua, a man out on bail who decides not to return to prison and is trying to avoid the police. Joshua drives off with Sylvia's handbag by mistake. Sylvia and Laurence also separate. Sylvia continues her search for Piotr, occasionally trading sex in exchange for rides, and sometimes on foot to the point of collapse. Sylvia eventually discovers that Piotr has moved from the village where they used to live. After long, painful wanderings, Sylvia, Joshua and Laurence eventually reunite. Sylvia still wants to track down Piotr. A visit to Sylvia's grandparents leads them to the burned-out house where Sylvia once lived with Piotr. Sylvia eventually finds Piotr and her son, but Piotr has found a new, young wife, who is expecting a daughter. Sylvia leaves them to their lives together. She returns to Laurence and Joshua, who has indicated a desire to go his separate way. He does, but returns. Sylvia, Laurence and Joshua leave France together."] ["Henry Tawes is an aging sheriff in small-town Tennessee who is becoming bored with his wife Ellen and his life. He meets young Alma McCain and is drawn to her, even though she isn't even half his age. Alma seduces him, then persuades Tawes to provide protection for her father Carl McCain, who makes moonshine whiskey with an illegal still. Tawes obliges her until a federal agent, Bascomb, turns up. He obeys orders and destroys the still. A deputy, Hunnicutt, suspects that Tawes and the young woman are romantically involved. When he tries to take Alma by force, Hunnicutt is killed by the McCains. Tawes helps dispose of the deputy's body. He decides to take off with Alma and start a new life in California, but finds to his surprise that she and her family have already left. Tawes pursues them, assuming Alma still wants to be with him, but she has other ideas."] ['The film opens with Frank T. Wells  getting released from prison after a 10-year sentence after a bar fight. An ex-rodeo champion, he then goes back to his life, meeting with old acquaintances and getting his old truck back. He lives as a cowboy, riding his newly-found horse Angel, living in the country in his van and making a living from rodeo events. His story is intertwined with the story of Scarlett Stuart , amateur auto-repair mechanist who lives with her sexually-abusive brother Clem . The two of them including Joe Palmieri  decide to rob a bank. The job goes through and 8 policemen are killed in the process. Trying to hide in a motel, they are then found by the police, who kill Clem and Joe during a shootout, while Scarlett manages to escape. The two protagonists meet when, on his way to his van, Frank meets Scarlett who, startled and afraid at first, agrees to help him by fixing his broken truck. In return, he offers the emotionally disturbed woman to escape her problems with him. Scarlett has a tatoo "F.T.W.", standing for "Fuck The World", and because these are the same initials of Frank\'s name, she believes that they are meant to be together, and so, they begin to have a relationship. Living together, they try to make end\'s meet and laying low from the authorities, but it is more easily said than done, as Scarlett tries to support herself by means of armed robbery...'] ['Irréversible contains thirteen scenes presented in reverse chronological order. They are outlined here in chronological order. A young woman named Alex is reading An Experiment with Time by John William Dunne in a park, surrounded by playing children. Beethoven\'s 7th Symphony is heard in the background. The camera spins around faster and faster until it blacks out into a strobe effect, accompanied by a pulsing, roaring sound. A rapidly spinning image of the cosmos can be dimly perceived. A title card reads: "Le temps détruit tout"  — a phrase uttered in the film\'s first scene. Marcus and Alex now lie in bed after sex. Alex tells Marcus about a dream she had, that she was in a red tunnel. Alex also reveals she might be pregnant, and Marcus is pleased with the possibility. They prepare to go to a party, and Marcus leaves to buy wine. Alex takes a shower, then uses a home pregnancy test that confirms she is pregnant. She is elated. She sits on the bed clothed, her hand on her belly. A poster for Stanley Kubrick\'s 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey, with the tagline "The Ultimate Trip", is above the headboard. At a nearby Paris Métro station and aboard a subway train, Alex, Marcus, and a friend of theirs, Pierre, discuss sex. Pierre refers to the fact that he and Alex were once dating, but are no longer in a relationship. He implies that Marcus stole Alex from him. Pierre gives Marcus a pill from his pocket and he takes it. Some time passes. The trio are now at a party. Alex is annoyed by Marcus\' unrestrained use of drugs and alcohol and his flirtatious behavior with other women, and consequently decides to leave the party. On her way home, Alex sees a man  beating a transsexual prostitute named Concha in a pedestrian underpass. Once he sees Alex, he lets go of Concha and turns his attention to Alex. Alex attempts to flee, but le Tenia catches her and threatens her with a knife. Le Tenia brutally pins Alex to the ground and anally rapes her, then kicks her, punches her, and pounds her head into the cement until she stops moving. A short period of time passes. As Marcus and Pierre leave the party, they encounter a crime scene and learn that someone has been raped. Marcus sees Alex, unconscious on a stretcher, being removed to an ambulance and cries hysterically over her body. He learns that Alex is in a coma, and both Marcus and Pierre are questioned by the police. A street thug named Mourad and his friend Laïd introduce themselves to Marcus, explaining that even if the police capture the rapist, he will at worst end up in a comfortable prison, with meals and even medical care. The two men promise to help find the rapist if Marcus and Pierre pay them. The thugs explain that they know the police discovered a purse with a man\'s business card in it. Marcus and Pierre go looking for that man. Marcus and Pierre track down the man whose business card was found at the rape scene. It turns out to be Concha, a transvestite prostitute and the person who was being beaten in the tunnel when Alex first encountered the rapist. At first, Concha refuses to talk to them. After Marcus threatens to slash her with a piece of broken glass, she identifies le Tenia as the rapist and says he can be found at a gay BDSM nightclub called The Rectum. Marcus, Pierre, Mourad, and Laïd flee, being chased by a horde of angry transsexuals. Marcus and Pierre go to The Rectum. Marcus finds le Tenia standing with another man. Thinking this is le Tenia, he assaults him but this person wrestles Marcus to the ground, breaks Marcus\' arm, and attempts to rape Marcus on the club floor. Pierre grabs a fire extinguisher and beats this unknown individual to death, as Le Tenia stands transfixed. The police arrest Pierre and put him in handcuffs. An ambulance arrives, and Marcus is put on a stretcher and taken from the club. Outside, a group of men shout homophobic insults at them. The audience learns that the murdered man was not le Tenia after all. Rather, the man standing next to him in the club was the real le Tenia. Across the street in a small apartment, two men are talking about sex. One of them is "the Butcher", the protagonist of Noé\'s previous film, I Stand Alone and short film Carne. In a drunken monologue, the Butcher reveals that he was arrested for having sex with his daughter. Their philosophical musings shift to the subject of the commotion in the streets outside. Without looking out the window, they derisively attribute the commotion to the patrons of The Rectum.'] ["The film, although based on fact, is a stylized retelling of the events of August 4, 1892 when the parents of New England spinster Lizzie Andrew Borden were found brutally murdered in their Fall River, Massachusetts home. The subsequent incarceration of the prime suspect  as well as the coroner's inquest and trial are largely faithfully depicted, using actual testimony. What may be seen as deviation from the film's docudrama narrative, as Lizzie hears her verdict, flashbacks are shown of her actually committing the murders in the nude and bathing after each death, thus explaining why no blood was ever found on her or her clothes; however, it remains unclear whether Lizzie was actually reminiscing about the crimes or simply fantasizing how she herself would've disposed of her parents. The film's epilogue states that the killings of Andrew and Abigail Borden remained unsolved."] ['Film follows the rise of Sammy Gravano in ranks of NY Cosa Nostra, his turning to government witness in legal trials of John Gotti and his life in Witness protection program. The film is based on the book about Gravano titled Underboss written by Peter Maas. Main source of information was Gravano himself.'] ["The story concerns a young mentally disturbed man, Martin Lynn , who goes on a rampage after his sick mother dies. One of the man's biggest beefs is with the Catholic Church who, in addition to slighting him when his mother needed a priest, once refused to bury his father years earlier because he committed suicide. The man, blaming the environment he lives in, goes on a rampage taking revenge on his cheap boss, a mortician and a priest, Father Kirkman , who refuses to give his poor mother a big funeral. He begins his rampage by killing the hard-line Catholic priest, who slighted him, by beating him with a heavy crucifix. Later, another young priest, Father Roth , suspects the young man, now arrested for another crime, for the killing."] ['Hank Mitchell  and his pregnant wife, Sarah , live in rural Minnesota. Hank, one of the town\'s few college graduates, works in a feed mill, while his wife is a librarian. Hank\'s brother, Jacob , is a dim-witted but good-hearted fellow. The story begins with Hank, Jacob, and Jacob\'s friend, Lou , chasing a fox into the woods, where they find a crashed airplane. The pilot is dead and the only cargo is a bag full of unmarked bills totaling $4.4 million. Hank suggests turning the money in, but is persuaded not to by Jacob and Lou. Hank\'s condition is that he keep the money safe at his house and no one spends anything until winter ends and everyone moves away when they divvy up the cash. All agree to keep the discovery a secret. When they return to their vehicle, Carl, the sheriff, appears and Hank nervously talks to him while Jacob mentions hearing a plane in the area. Hank breaks the pact when he reveals the discovery to his wife, who is overjoyed. When Hank and Jacob return to the plane to put some of the money back as part of a larger plan to avoid suspicion, they come across an old man on a snowmobile. Jacob, thinking their cover is blown, bludgeons the man. When the man regains consciousness and asks for the police, Hank suffocates him in order to make it look like an accidental death. Jacob reneges on his promise to move away during the summer, and tells his brother about his intention to buy his father\'s farm with his share of the money. Hank thinks that his brother is being ridiculous as neither of them know anything about farming. Lou drunkenly demands some of the money from Hank, because he has spent recklessly since the discovery and needs cash fast. Hank refuses and Lou threatens to tell the authorities about the old man\'s death. Hank and Jacob team up against Lou. Lou, drunk and enraged that the two conspired against him, pulls a gun on the two brothers. Jacob kills Lou to save his brother, and then Hank kills Lou\'s wife when she appears, firing another gun. Hank concocts a plan as to what to tell the police to avoid arrest. The plan works, thanks to Hank\'s solid reputation in the community and Jacob\'s rehearsed speech to the police. Jacob tells Hank that this whole turn of events is wearing on him and that he "feels evil". Later, the sheriff calls Hank and tells him that an FBI agent has arrived, looking for a downed plane that may have crashed in the area. Because Jacob mentioned a plane earlier, the sheriff asks the brothers to assist in the search of the woods. Sarah is immediately skeptical and discovers that the FBI man is actually involved with the money and is looking for his lost cash. Hank still goes with him in order to protect Carl, he brings a gun with him just in case. Then the sheriff, the FBI man, Hank, and Jacob head into the woods. When they find the plane, the FBI man pulls a gun, kills the sheriff, and says that he is looking for the lost money. Jacob and Hank manage to get the drop on the man, and Hank kills him. Hank starts to concoct another story to tell the authorities, but Jacob announces he doesn\'t want to live with these bad memories, and will shoot himself to end it. He encourages Hank to kill him instead and frame the FBI man, so that Hank can still tell any story he wants. After grappling with the decision, Hank kills Jacob, and starts sobbing. At the police station, Hank tells his story to real FBI agents. As Sarah had predicted, no one would believe that this upstanding member of the community could be capable of such wrongdoing, and he is cleared of any crime. But he gets some unexpected bad news. The money in the plane is actually ransom money paid to kidnappers, and before it was delivered, many of the bills\' serial numbers were written down to track the cash and find whoever was using it. Hank realizes he cannot use the money without fear of being caught. He goes home and burns all the money, with his wife struggling to stop him. Hank and Sarah go back to their old lives and Hank reflects on their losses.'] ['Michele, a shepherd of Orgosolo unfairly charged with rustling and murder, is forced to take to the hills. In his flight into the inaccessible areas of Barbagia, where there is neither water nor pastures, he loses every sheep in his flock. One night, desperate because he is full of debts, and with impending trials up ahead, he goes into the sheepfold of another shepherd and, at gunpoint, steals every sheep. Michele has become a bandit.'] ['A police chief’s daughter in home security sales, contacts an art gallery possessor. They love art and have despise for their clients’ motives for gathering artworks. They think of a plot to steal overlooked but valuable artworks from her affluent clients’ homes.'] ["Brought up in a repressive, conservative household, Sapna  is terrified to experience the freedom of falling in love with Rohit , fearing the upheaval it will cause in her family, namely her dad, Pratap Dholakia , who has plans for Sapna to marry his friend's son; then there is her brother, Raman Dholakia , who follows in the footsteps of his dad, and will prevent Sapna from marrying Rohit. Sapna is terriffied and wants to run away with Rohit. He takes her to boys hostel where he lives and she acts as a boy. All of Rohits friends aren't comfortable with her at first, but she gains confidence to make some friends with them. However Rohit is determined to marry Sapna and no one else and this is met with resistance from the Dholakia clan, who first severely beat Sapna, and then imprison her in her room; and then lure Rohit to a secluded spot and proceed to beat him within every inch of his life, and there is no one who can even dare to think to intervene with the Dholakia family. They don't know that Sapna has taken poison and are surprised when she tells them that the only way she can live is, if she gets to be with Rohit. In order to save Sapna, they apologize to Rohit and are sorry. Both Rohit and Sapna get engaged to each other after that."] ["While returning to Madrid after an ilicit tryst, a wealthy socialite housewife and a university professor accidentally strike a bicyclist with their car. Although they see that he is still alive after the accident, they know they cannot summon help for him without their affair being revealed. They drive away and leave him to die. After the bicyclist's death is reported in the newspaper, the pair deal with ever-rising tension, borne from their fear that their deeds will be exposed."] ['The film is about Malik , a young man with immigrant roots living in a Stockholm suburb, who is living in a world of crime and violence. But when he meets Carmen , a young beautiful and intelligent girl, his world changes and he has to choose between her and criminality.'] ['David Burke  is a former policeman who was ruined when he refused to cooperate with state crime investigators. He has asked hard-bitten, racist, ex-con Earl Slater  to help him rob an upstate bank, promising him $50,000 if the robbery is successful. Burke also recruits Johnny Ingram , a nightclub entertainer who doesn’t want the job but who is addicted to gambling and is in debt. Slater, who is supported by his girlfriend, Lorry , finds out Ingram is black and refuses the job. Later, he realizes that he needs the money, and joins Ingram and Burke in the enterprise. Tensions between Ingram and Slater increase as they near completion of the crime. Burke is seen by a police officer leaving the scene of the raid, and is mortally wounded in the ensuing shootout with local police, so he commits suicide by shooting himself. Slater is cavalier about the death of Burke, which incenses Ingram. Ingram and Slater escape and run into a nearby fuel storage depot. They chase after each other on the top of the fuel tanks. They exchange gunfire and ignite the fuel tanks and cause an large explosion. Afterwards, their corpses are indistinguishable.'] ["Set in rural Spain, Bardot plays Ursula, a young girl who has just left a convent and has moved in with her aunt Florentine and her violent husband, the count Ribera. Ribera wants to see Lambert, a young man from the village, dead. Ursula quickly falls in love with Lambert. In a confrontation between the two, Lambert kills Ribera in self-defence. The reason for the conflict soon becomes clear to Ursula: he was having an affair with her aunt. However, when Florentine discovers her lover has no intention of making any commitment to her, she refuses to confirm Lambert's alibi to the police and forces him into becoming a fugitive. Ursula, always impulsive, runs off with him and together they seek a way to get him safely out of the country."] ['A murderer is on the run from prison and is out to get everyone, especially the girl , who put him there. The detective  gives chase with the help of a London cabbie  who has aspirations of becoming a policeman himself.'] [" While alone with a prostitute, crime lord Anjo is brutally murdered. As an expert cleaning crew run by Jijii  removes any trace of his body, Anjo's gang and the other crime lords assume he and the prostitute fled town with ¥3 million of the gang's money. Only Kakihara , Anjo's sadomasochistic enforcer, believes Anjo is still alive. Jijii feeds Kakihara rumors that suggest Suzuki , a member of a rival clan, has kidnapped Anjo. Kakihara captures Suzuki and tortures him, but when Suzuki turns out to be innocent, Kakihara slices off the end of his own tongue and offers it to Suzuki's boss  as penance. Jijii, it is revealed, is secretly orchestrating events in order to pit yakuza clans against one another, with the help of Ichi . Though a normally unassuming and cowardly young man, Ichi becomes homicidal and sexually aroused when enraged. Jijii is able to manipulate Ichi's weak personality by implanting several false memories &mdash; a high school rape in particular &mdash; and uses the unstable Ichi as an assassin. Other than killing Anjo, Ichi also kills a pimp who regularly brutalized a prostitute named Sailor that Ichi patronizes. When Sailor attacks him, Ichi kills her as well. Later, Ichi helps a boy named Takeshi by saving him from bullies; Takeshi is the son of Kaneko, one of Kakihara's henchmen. Using Suzuki, Jijii manages to have Kakihara kicked out of the syndicate, but the entire Anjo gang defects with him. When he learns that Anjo was killed by Ichi, Kakihara kidnaps and tortures Kano, a former member of the Anjo gang who is helping Jijii. Kakihara also becomes fascinated by Ichi, imagining him to be someone who can truly fulfill his masochistic urges. Kakihara enlists the help of a pair of corrupt twin police detectives, Jirô and Saburô , to find Myu-Myu, a prostitute connected with Ryu Long, a member of Jijii's gang. Unable to get information from her through torture, Saburô sniffs her to get Long's scent and tracks him down. Though Long attempts to outrun the brothers, he is captured by Kakihara. To turn Ichi into a complete killer, Jijii has Karen, Anjo's woman and Jijii's friend, seduce Ichi by pretending to be the woman in his false memory. When Ichi becomes confused by Karen's claims that she desired for him to rape her, he kills her. Jijii calls Kakihara to let him know Ichi is coming to kill him. Kaneko, Kakihara and Ichi chase each other to a rooftop. Due to Jijii's psychological manipulation, Ichi believes that Kaneko is his brother and confronts him. Kaneko shoots the side of Ichi's leg, causing Ichi to slit Kaneko's throat in front of Takeshi. Takeshi attacks Ichi as he lies on the roof begging for forgiveness. Kakihara realizes Ichi cannot hurt him and inserts skewers into his ears to drown out Ichi's cries. Suddenly he sees that Ichi has chopped off Takeshi's head. Ichi charges Kakihara, embedding one of his razor-bladed boots in the center of his head. Kakihara falls from the roof to his death. However, when Jijii finds him, Kakihara has no wound in his head; he hallucinated Ichi's attack as he jumped to his death while Ichi cried. Years later, Jijii's corpse hangs from a tree in a park. A young man resembling an older Takeshi leaves the park with a group of schoolchildren."] ["Alex Gates  is a wealthy wine merchant who has distanced himself from his alcoholic wife Suzanne  with his philandering, and from his stepson Jason  with his indifference. Alex is heavily in debt, and cases the house of his clients, the Reese family. After he steals a valuable diamond necklace with the help of his Cuban mistress Gabriela  and his safe-cracker partner Victor , things start to fall apart fast. Suzanne sets out to interrupt what she thinks is another one of Alex's weekend dalliances down in the Florida Keys, but his trip is really to pawn the jewels. Trouble escalates when she discovers the truth and gets involved."] ['Reggie Cooper  is a young man who lives with his father  in order to avoid the violent gang activity that almost claimed his life when he was a teenager. However, when his recently paroled mentor, J-Bone  reconnects with Reggie, and when his father is murdered, Reggie slips back into a life of crime. Reggie murders a local preacher , whose daughter  later develops a relationship with him.'] ['Margaret Hall  and her family live a seemingly upper middle class life in Tahoe City, California. Her husband is a pilot on the aircraft carrier USS Constellation. She is startled to discover that her son Beau , a high school senior, has been having a sexual affair with 30 year-old Reno, Nevada night club owner Darby Reese . Margaret visits Reese\'s nightclub, The Deep End, to demand that he stay away from her son. That night, Reese secretly visits Beau and the two meet in the boathouse. Beau confronts him about asking his mother for money. The two argue, eventually coming to blows. As Beau returns to the house, Reese leans on a railing, causing it to collapse, and falls into the water, impaling himself on an anchor. The next morning, Margaret discovers Reese\'s body on the beach. Margaret removes the body and dumps it in a cove but it is soon discovered and the police investigate it as a homicide. Soon after, a man named Alek Spera  confronts Margaret with a tape of Darby and Beau having sex. Alek demands $50,000 in 24 hours or he will turn the tape over to the police, which would implicate Beau in Reese\'s "murder". Margaret struggles unsuccessfully to get the money. Alek calls Margaret the next day and tells her that she needs to get only $25,000 but Alek\'s partner, Nagle is convinced she is lying about not being able to raise the money. Nagle corners and beats Margaret but Alek arrives and the two men scuffle, and Alek strangles Nagle. Margaret attempts to take responsibility for Nagle\'s death, but Alek takes the body away in Nagle\'s car. As Margaret and her son drive looking for Nagle\'s car, they see it overturned in a ditch. Margaret attempts to free Alek, who is critically injured. Alek pleads with her to leave before the police arrive. Margaret stays until Alek dies. Back at home, Margaret, in a state of distress, is comforted by Beau. The camera then pulls back, as the scene shifts to the exterior of the house, the audience hears another phone call coming in from the absent husband, which Beau\'s sister answers. The Halls\' normal life resumes.'] ['{{plot}} Priest  is an up-and-coming successful cocaine dealer in New York City. On his way to a meeting point in Harlem early one morning he is mugged by two junkies. Priest beats one up and gives chase to the other where he gets his money back and kicks him in an apartment. Afterwards, Fat Freddie and Nate Adams  turn up at his apartment to make their payments. Fat Freddie is short and doesn\'t have his money. Priest warns him that either he is going to get his money by robbing someone or he will put his wife out on "whore\'s row". Priest gives them a gun and the pair go out to rob a Mafia member after they follow him to New Jersey. Priest then goes to meet his partner in crime, Eddie ([[Carl Lee , who is playing craps downtown, to discuss his future plans. The pair go back to Eddie\'s apartment where Priest tells Eddie he wants out of the business but wants to make one last big score and to make one million dollars in four months. Eddie, who tries to talk him out of it as he loves the lifestyle, reluctantly goes along with Priest\'s ambitions and the pair agree to make one last big score. Later that night, Priest and Eddie arrive at Scatter\'s restaurant. Scatter , is a retired drug dealer who was a mentor to Priest. After watching the band play , the two go into the kitchen to discuss business with Scatter. Priest tells Scatter his plans and that he needs him to provide him with 30 kilograms of coke.  Scatter, who has retired from the cocaine business, gets frustrated at them and tells them he cannot help. After Eddie angers Scatter, Scatter puts a gun to his head. Scatter then agrees to supply Priest the 30 keys. The trio agree to a meeting time and Priest and Eddie leave to meet Fat Freddie and Nate. Freddie has Priest\'s money from the successful holdup and the three of them talk over a beer. Priest accidentally reveals to Freddie and Nate that he is picking up one key of coke from Scatter. Priest then goes home to a romantic evening with his girlfriend, Georgia . The following day, Freddie is arrested in Harlem for assault and is questioned by narcotics detectives  who beat him into a confession. Freddie rats out Priest and Eddie and tells the police that there are around 50 family members  and that Priest and Eddie are picking up a key of coke that night from Scatter . Freddie is released but tries to escape outside the police precinct and is hit by a car and killed. Meanwhile Priest and Georgia are in Central Park discussing Priest\'s ambitions in getting out and leaving New York and taking her with him. Later that night, Priest and Eddie go to pick up one key of coke from Scatter but the detectives are waiting. Alerted, Priest walks away but one of the detectives follows him down a dark street where Priest is ambushed and held at gun point with Eddie who was already arrested. The detectives make a deal with the pair and tell them they can operate but must make payments of $10,000 a month. Priest obviously is uncomfortable with this but Eddie happily agrees saying that \'the man\' is on our side. The pair then goes on to sell a kilo of cocaine, which is shown in a classic photo montage scene with "Pusherman" playing. Priest and Eddie arrive in a bar in Harlem to meet a potential buyer. While they are waiting, three black activists approach them who are trying to shake Priest down for money for their cause. Priest demands they leave as he has a meeting and will not be lured into their scam. Their buyer arrives and samples the cocaine and agrees to make a deal and to \'get it on!\' Priest is at Cynthia\'s apartment . Priest is unsure about staying with her and the pair has an argument. Scatter arrives at the apartment with information about \'The Man\' and asks Priest for $20,000 in cash as he must leave town. After Scatter leaves, he is arrested by the narcotics detectives. The police no longer need Scatter and dispose of him in his Rolls Royce with a large dose of heroin to shut him up. Priest learns of this, and suspecting something is wrong, meets with two mafia contractors in a café to discuss business. Although words are not said, it is clear that Priest is asking them for a contract for murder. This is his insurance policy. Priest arrives at Eddie\'s apartment and discusses the murder of Scatter. Telling him the news that he was killed by the police, Priest suggests foul play and that the police were behind it in order to use him and Eddie to make larger buys and to stay in business. Priest demands his half of the money and wants to get out. Eddie tells him that he can\'t do anything else, especially pimpin\' as he doesn\'t have the \'stomach\' for it. Eddie gives him his share and then calls the detectives and tells them that Priest has left with a briefcase full of money. Priest then exchanges his briefcase in the elevator with Georgia who is in disguise. By the time he arrives to his car, the police have arrived. They detain him until the narcotics detectives come and then they all leave. Priest watches Georgia leave with his money knowing it\'s safe. Priest is then escorted to the waterfront where Deputy Commissioner Reardon  is waiting for him. Reardon, who is running the extortion racket, chastises Priest for wanting to leave the business and tells him he will be "nothing more than another two-bit black junkie." A fight breaks out and Priest uses his karate skills to overcome the detectives. Reardon then pulls his gun and the fighting stops. Priest then explains he has placed a murder contract on Reardon and his family if any harm comes to him from the police. He tells him that he\'s smarter than those other "niggers" and that he has contracted the best killers there are, "White ones, baby! White ones!" Reardon claims that Priest doesn\'t have any money for something like that as they open his briefcase. Dirty clothes fall out and Priest claims that doing his laundry will not help. Priest then hops into his customized Cadillac Eldorado and drives off, victorious.'] ["News Reporter Payal  and her camera-man have been assigned the task of interviewing the world's highest ranking criminal don, Devraj , which they accept. In the process, Payal and Devraj fall in love with each other, much to the opposition of Bismillah , Devraj's guardian on one hand; and Police Inspector Amit , and Payal's brother Ravi  on the other. What results is that Ravi gets killed; Devraj gets the blame, and is arrested. Payal tesitifies against him, and Devraj is sentenced to be hanged. When Bismillah finds about this plot tracks them down but Amit so as to save him and Payal kills him. But Devraj escapes from custody, and begins to plot vengeance against his enemies, including Payal, as well as the real killer of Ravi. As the story unfolds, it is revealed that Amit was the one who killed Ravi and joined Thakral to frame Devraj for it. But Amit betrays Thakral and kills him. He then takes Payal on a flight where Devraj tracks him down and kills him. The story ends with Payal and Devraj getting married."] ['Violette Nozière  is a French teen in the 1930s who secretly works as a prostitute while living with her unsuspecting parents, father Baptiste Nozière  and mother Germaine Nozière . Rebelling against her "mean and petty" petit-bourgeois parents, she falls in love with a spendthrift young man, whom she virtually supports with thefts from her parents as well as her prostitution earnings. Meanwhile, her parents are informed by Violette\'s doctor that she has syphilis. Violette manages to half-persuade her suspicious mother and indulgent father that she has somehow inherited the disease from them. On this pretext, she tricks them into taking "medicine" that is actually poison, killing her father; her mother, however, survives, and Violette is arrested and charged with murder. She defends herself by alleging that her father had molested her; Chabrol\'s abrupt use of flashbacks makes it uncertain whether Violette is simply lying or telling a half-truth. She is convicted of murder and sentenced to die by guillotine, but a voiceover at the end tells us that her sentence was commuted by degrees to the point that she ultimately left prison, married, and had five children.'] ['The film opens with a shot of a naked woman, lying dead in a field. We are then introduced to Henry , who is going about his business. Interspersed with this are shots of other murder victims. None of the actual murders are shown, but accompanying the shots of the bodies are the sounds of screaming and struggle. We are next introduced to Becky , waiting in an airport. She is met by her brother Otis , who met and befriended Henry in prison. Having split from her husband, Leroy, Becky has come to Chicago to make some money for herself and her daughter, who is living with Becky and Otis’ mother for the time being. Otis brings Becky back to the apartment he shares with Henry. Later that night, as Henry and Becky play cards, Becky asks Henry about the murder of his mother, the crime that landed him in prison. He tells her he stabbed his mother  because she abused and humiliated him as a child. Becky, for her part, reveals that her father molested her when she was a teenager. The next day, Becky gets a job in a hair salon. That evening, Henry kills two prostitutes with Otis witnessing. It becomes clear that Otis, although shocked, feels no remorse. He does, however, worry that the police might catch them. Henry assures him that everything will work out. Back at the apartment, Henry points out that if you\'ve killed once, any time you kill again, it always feels the same, and he explains his philosophy that the world they live in it is “them or us.” Henry and Otis go on a series of killings across Chicago together, killing a fence  and stealing a video camera and a top-of-the-line television in the process. The duo later on kill a random victim in Lower Wacker Drive, where Otis shoots a man who is tricked into pulling over. Henry begins to teach Otis more about being a serial killer. He explains that every murder should have a different modus operandi so the police won’t connect the different murders to one killer. He also explains that it’s important never to stay in the same place for too long; that way, by the time police know they’re looking for a serial killer, they can be long gone. Henry also tells Otis that he will have to leave Chicago soon, feeling the police will eventually be able to track him down. Henry and Otis then slaughter an entire family, recording the whole incident on their newly acquired video camera, and then watch it at their apartment for entertainment. Soon thereafter, Becky quits her job so she can return home to her daughter. Meanwhile, Otis and Henry get into an argument after their camera gets destroyed while driving. Otis gets out of the car and goes for a drink, while Henry returns to the apartment. Becky tells Henry her plans, and they decide to go out for a steak dinner. Later at home, she tries to seduce him, but he is unreceptive to her advances. A drunk Otis enters and asks if he\'s interrupting anything. Embarrassed, Henry leaves to buy cigarettes. He returns to find Otis strangling Becky after raping her. Henry kicks Otis off her and a fight ensues. Otis gets the upper hand and smashes a beer bottle onto Henry\'s face. Otis is about to kill Henry when Becky stabs Otis in the eye with the handle of a metal comb. Henry stabs Otis to death and dismembers his body in the bathtub, telling Becky that calling the police would be a mistake, and that they need to deal with the situation themselves. After packing, they dump Otis\' body parts in a river and leave town. Henry suggests that they go to his sister\'s ranch in San Bernardino, California, promising Becky they will send for her daughter when they arrive. In the car, Becky confesses that she loves Henry. "I guess I love you too," Henry replies, unemotionally. They book into a motel for the night. The next morning, Henry leaves the motel alone, gets into the car and drives away. He stops at the side of the road to dump a suitcase in a ditch before driving off again. Blood stains are shown on the suitcase, implying that Becky was killed by Henry and that her body parts were placed into the suitcase. The final shot, shows the camera zooming in, on the suitcase, which is bloodstained, and then the scene fades to black and the credits roll.'] ['Based loosely on Shakespeare\'s play King Henry IV , Patrick Lehane  and Jamie Collins  are cops. They are also cousins and Patrick is Jamie\'s boss. Patrick is the "by-the-books" cop while Jamie is the always-breaking-the-rules type of cop who is also dealing with a drug addiction. As their relationship comes to a crossroads, Jamie is forced to clean up his act and Patrick gets involved in questionable police work which leads to dirty money and murder. He also has a wife  and daughter  to protect.'] ['Upon being released from prison, Ricky  is collected by Wisdom, an eccentric and naive friend who is desperate to establish himself within their neighbourhood. Immediately after arriving back, Wisdom accidentally breaks a wing mirror off a car belonging to a local gang member. The following confrontation leads Ricky pulling away Wisdom in an attempt to keep peace. Wisdom later returns a gun to Ricky, who stores it within his bedroom, which is shared with his younger brother Curtis who finds the weapon and hides it away for his brother himself. Wisdom attempts to hunt down the gang member, named Godfrey, for spreading word that he does not want to fight, and to get revenge shoots his staffordshire terrier that he threatened Wisdom with earlier. As a result, Godfrey and his associate destroy Wisdom’s car with a baseball bat and drive past his home shouting that he is “dead.” Wisdom tries to kill Godfrey before he gets killed by him himself, but fails and is seen by Godfrey. As the two flee from here, Curtis accidentally shoots his friend Rio when Rio suggests they take the gun out and play with it, and their mother eventually asks Ricky to leave the home. Just before heading home, he goes to Wisdom’s house to get the money Wisdom told him to take before he left, only to find Wisdom dead, presumably at the hands of his rival, he leaves after sitting there for a long time thinking. As he packs his bags, he asks Curtis to go to the takeaway and get a kebab, and when Curtis returns, his brother has already left. As Ricky is waiting at the train station, mysterious hooded figures are appearing and closing in around Ricky. As Ricky is about to run away, Godfrey comes out and shoots him six times in the chest. His body is later identified, and the film ends with Curtis reclaiming the gun from where he hid it and throwing it in to the river.'] ["The film focuses on several stories about Asian Canadian organized gangs, set mostly in Vancouver{{cite news}} {{Dead link}} as he goes deeper into the criminal organization.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}} Another story focuses on the Wahs, an immigrant family from China. The parents in that family  are concerned about their son Jason , who is constantly the victim of racial bullying. Jason soon receives help, but from a Chinese-Canadian youth with gang connections. They attempt a robbery but fail, and Jason is forced to flee for his life while his father Henry tries to save him. Forced into prostitution at a senior gang member's wife's massage parlour because she cannot pay her debts, she seeks the help of a gang-enforcer , who befriends her,<ref nameDragonBoys.ca | titlehttp://www.dragonboys.ca/eng/behind.html | accessdate=26 December 2006 }} as means of escape."] ["The film is about a young Glaswegian-Italian lounge singer, Toni Cocozza , with a passion for Frank Sinatra and the dream of becoming a hugely famous musician. He grows weary of playing to elderly crowds in third-rate bars and decides to accept career help from mob enforcer Chisolm  and his boss Connolly  who's wife  has taken a liking to Toni. In exchange for assisting the organization with their illegal activities, Chisholm pays for new clothes for Toni and pressures the producer of a talent show to allow Toni to compete in the contest. Meanwhile, he tries to keep his ties with the mob secret from his friend and accompanist Bill  and pretty cigarette girl Irene  who he has fallen for. The trio form a modern day Rat Pack with Irene as Shirley MacLaine. Eventually his luck runs out. While he is helping to rob a store, Toni misses a date with Irene and she and Bill discover that he is leading a double life. They beg him not to compete in the talent show as he will be forever indebted to Chisholm, but he goes anyway. He only places fifth and continues his career singing in lounges, but is deeply unhappy. One day while making a drug drop the drugs he is carrying are stolen by a street kid. Toni refuses to harm the street kid, thus making him a target for the mob hitmen. He performs one last time at a birthday bash for Connolly's wife, fully expecting to be killed after he finishes his number. Bill rescues him by creating a distraction, which gives him a chance to get away with Irene. Using assumed names, the two manage to evade the mobsters and escape to New York City."] ["On 19 May 1983 at approximately 10:48 p.m, Downs  drove to McKenzie-Willamette Hospital in Springfield, Oregon with a gunshot wound to her arm.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098352/plotsummary She claimed that an unknown assailant attempted to carjack her and shot her three children: Karen, 8 ; Shauna, 7 ; and Robby, 3 . Shauna was dead on arrival at the hospital. Eldest daughter Karen was badly injured, but survived suffering a temporary loss of speech due to a stroke after the shooting, but recovered sufficiently to serve as a witness in court against her mother. Diane's son was paralyzed from the chest down. Downs was diagnosed with three cluster B personality disorders: antisocial, histrionic and narcissistic. She was eventually tried and convicted of murder, attempted murder, and assault. The film shows that Downs started a romance with a married man who did not want children. Downs planned to kill her children to be free to pursue this relationship. He ended the relationship and remained with his wife. Diane Downs is sentenced to life in prison, and her two surviving children are adopted by the prosecutor Frank Joziak and his wife Lola . The children are depicted being reunited with their mother for the first time, fifteen years after the shooting. In reality the children have not seen their mother since the shooting, with the exception of the surviving daughter's court appearance."] ['In 1954, a military train guarded by American soldiers and Japanese police is attacked as it travels between Kyoto and Tokyo. During the raid, which is carried out with great precision, an American sergeant is killed, and the train\'s cargo of guns and ammunition is stolen. The crime is investigated by Capt. Hanson, an American, and Japanese police inspector Kita, who, five weeks later, are concerned when a thief named Webber is shot with some of the stolen bullets. As Webber lies dying in a Tokyo hospital, he is questioned by Hanson and Kita, and although Webber was left for dead by his gang during a thwarted robbery, he refuses to implicate his cohorts, who presumably are responsible for the earlier crime. Webber, who is also an American, does reveal, however, that he is secretly married to a Japanese woman named Mariko. Among Webber\'s possessions is a letter from an American named Eddie Spanier, who wants to join Webber in Japan after his release from a U.S. prison. Three weeks later, Eddie arrives in Tokyo and finds Mariko, who is initially afraid that he is one of the men responsible for her husband\'s death. Eddie gains Mariko\'s trust with a photograph of himself and Webber, then warns her to keep quiet about her marriage so that she will not be in danger from Webber\'s killers. Later, Eddie goes to a pachinko parlor, in which patrons gamble on intricate machines similar to pinball machines. There, Eddie attempts to sell "protection" to the manager, but when he tries the same tactic at another such parlor, he is beaten and warned to leave by racketeer Sandy Dawson and his henchmen, Griff, Charlie, Willy and Phil. Intrigued by Eddie\'s presence in Japan, Sandy arranges for him to be arrested, and Sandy\'s secret informer, who is connected to the police department, obtains Eddie\'s rap sheet. Convinced of Eddie\'s aptitude for crime, Sandy invites him to join his gang, which consists of former American servicemen who have been dishonorably discharged. After his acceptance into the gang, Eddie secretly meets with Kita and Hanson, for whom he is working undercover. Needing help from someone he can trust, Eddie asks Mariko to live with him as his "kimono girl," although he does not reveal his identity as a military police investigator. Hoping to discover who killed her husband, Mariko resides with Eddie despite being ostracized by her neighbors, who do not know that her relationship with the foreigner is platonic. As time passes, Sandy grows to trust Eddie, although Eddie is shocked during a robbery when a wounded gang member is killed by Griff to prevent him from talking. Eddie is also wounded, but Sandy makes an exception to his rule of killing fallen men and saves him. Eddie finally informs the worried Mariko that his real name is Sgt. Kenner, and that he is investigating Sandy. Meanwhile, Griff, Sandy\'s "ichiban" or "number one boy," becomes jealous of Sandy\'s reliance upon Eddie, and Sandy relieves the hot-headed Griff of his duties. The next day, Mariko, who has fallen in love with Eddie, notifies Kita and Hanson about a planned robbery, but Sandy\'s informant, reporter Ceram, warns him that the police are poised to capture him. After the robbery is aborted, Sandy kills Griff, whom he mistakenly assumes tipped off the police. Ceram informs Sandy of his mistake, and Sandy retaliates by setting Eddie up to be killed by the Japanese police during a robbery of a pearl broker. When the plan fails, Sandy is chased by the police up to a rooftop amusement park, but after an intense gunfight, Eddie succeeds in shooting and killing Sandy. Later, wearing his military uniform, Eddie walks with Mariko in a Tokyo park.'] ["Ghost Dog  sees himself as a retainer of Louie , a local mobster, who saved Ghost Dog's life years ago. While living as a hired hitman for the Italian Mafia, he strictly follows Hagakure. Louie tells Ghost Dog to kill a gangster, Handsome Frank, who is sleeping with the daughter  of the mafia boss Vargo . Ghost Dog arrives and kills the gangster, but does not realize the girl is also in the room at the time; he leaves her alive and exits. In order to avoid being implicated in the murder of a made man, the mobsters decide to get rid of Ghost Dog. Louie knows practically nothing about Ghost Dog, and the hitman communicates only by homing pigeon. The mobsters start by tracing all the pigeon coops in town. They find Ghost Dog's cabin atop a building and kill his pigeons. Ghost Dog realizes he must kill the entire mafia or otherwise they will kill him and his master. During the day, Ghost Dog frequently visits the park to see his best friend, a Haitian ice cream salesman named Raymond  who speaks only French. Ghost Dog doesn't understand French and Raymond doesn't understand English, but the two seem to understand each other. Ghost Dog also makes friends with a little girl named Pearline , to whom he lends a book — Rashōmon and Other Stories — he received from Vargo's daughter. Paralleling a major theme of Rashōmon, Louie and Ghost Dog have different accounts of the circumstances of their meeting: in Louie's flashback he shoots Ghost Dog's attacker in self-defense, while in Ghost Dog's flashback, Louie shoots the attacker just as the attacker is about to kill Ghost Dog. Eventually, Ghost Dog attacks Vargo's mansion single-handedly and kills almost everyone he encounters, sparing only Louie and Vargo's daughter. Though Louie feels some loyalty to Ghost Dog, he also feels that he must avenge the murder of boss Vargo, but it was stated that Vargo's daughter ordered him to murder Ghost Dog. Louie finally confronts Ghost Dog at Raymond's ice cream stand with Raymond and Pearline watching, after he gave his copy of Hagakure to the latter. Ghost Dog is unwilling to attack his master and allows Louie to kill him. His last act is to give Louie the copy of Rashōmon and encourage him to read it."] ["Stanwyck plays Thelma Jordon, a woman who late one night shows up in the office of married Assistant district attorney Cleve Marshall  with a story about prowlers and burglars. Before Cleve can stop himself, he and Thelma are involved in a love affair. But Thelma is a mysterious woman, and Cleve can't help wondering if she is hiding something. When her rich aunt is found shot, Jordon calls not the police but Marshall, who helps her cover up evidence that may incriminate her. When she emerges as the prime suspect, he sabotages the prosecution. Thelma Jordon is acquitted. Her past, however, has begun to catch up with her."] ['The film spans one day in the life of Anjelica Soto, aka “Rascal” , a 15-year-old Latino gang leader in Watts, as she struggles to survive. Surrounded by escalating violence and racial tensions, Rascal realizes her days in the gang are numbered. Encouraged by her English teacher  to apply for a writing program in Iowa, Rascal hopes to use the material from her life to write her way out of Watts. The forces around Rascal thrust her into a deadly cycle of violence that seems almost impossible to escape. To leave, she will have to make the dangerous decision to renounce her loyalty to the gang.'] [' The series is about Light Yagami, a young man and college student whose life undergoes a drastic change when he discovers a mysterious notebook, known as the "Death Note", lying on the ground. The Death Note\'s instructions claim that if a person\'s name is written within it while picturing that person\'s face, that person shall die. Light is initially skeptical of the notebook\'s authenticity, but after experimenting with it, he realizes that the Death Note is real. After meeting with the previous owner of the Death Note, a Shinigami named Ryuk, Light seeks to become "god of the new world" by passing his judgment on those he deems to be evil or who get in his way. After months of killing criminals, Light is dubbed Kira by the public and some believe him to be righteous about killing criminals. Interpol is no closer to catching him, and is going to pass the case on to the Ministry of Health as some disease, until L steps onto the scene. Known as the best detective in the world, L has solved many cases with his assistant Watari. Working with them, L manages to confront Light, live on TV, and deduces he is in the Kanto region of Japan and he can "kill without lifting a finger." The race begins between L and Light to discover each other\'s identity, and a game of cat and mouse ensues between the two geniuses. Later Misora kidnaps Shiori and asks Light to come to the art museum and confess that he really is Kira if he wants to save her. He goes to the museum, but denies that he is Kira, and begs for Shiori\'s release. Misora tells Light that unless he kills her using her real name, which was "Naomi" written in katakana, she would kill Shiori. Light adamantly insists that he is not Kira. Soichiro, upon seeing this, sends the police. Misora immediately becomes upset and distracted, allowing Light\'s girlfriend to break free and run away from her. Misora fires her gun and shoots Shiori, who dies in Light\'s arms shortly afterward, and then afterwards commits suicide by shooting herself. Later, Ryuk finds that Light had actually engineered Naomi\'s death using the Death Note, as he had already found out her name by checking with the church since she revealed to him she was Iwamatsu\'s fiancée and he reasoned that nobody would use a fake name in marriage and written a scenario whereby Misora would commit suicide after shooting Shiori. Obviously, Ryuk is confused, as by doing this, Light would end up killing Shiori, but Light reveals that he had written her name in the Death Note as well. Using these events to foster hatred for Kira, Light asks to join the investigation team when his father checked on him. While Soichiro is slightly reluctant, L immediately grants his wish and it is hinted that he is still certain that Light is Kira. As a prequel to the second movie, Misa, an actress, is chased down an alley by a man wielding a knife, intent on killing her. As she screams for help, the man dies of a heart attack just like Kira\'s victims. A second Death Note lands beside her.  The movie starts with Misa, a TV presenter, getting a 2nd Death Note. Later Misa, using her Shinigami eyes, kills Mogi and two policemen. Sayu was also almost killed until her father Soichiro crashed into the festival wearing a motorcycle helmet. Light kills Takada to regain ownership of his Death Note. Afterwards Light tricks Rem into killing L and Watari. After they both die, Rem dies for intentionally killing someone to help Misa. Misa then gives up her ownership of the notebook and loses her memory of it. Later it is revealed that L did not die and avoided death by writing his name in the notebook stating, "L Lawliet will die 23 days from this date". After proving that Light is Kira, Light pleads with Ryuk to kill L and the task force. Ryuk then agrees but writes Light\'s name in the Death Note, telling Light that anyone who uses the death note is banned from heaven and hell and will instead spend eternity as nothingness. Light dies in his father\'s arms begging him to believe he acted as Kira to carry out justice, which Soichiro had taught him since his childhood, into practice. Later Soichiro goes home and lies to his wife and daughter, saying that Light was killed by Kira. It ends 23 days later, with L dying peacefully.'] ['Isabelle Huppert plays a housewife turned abortionist in 1940s Nazi occupied France. She becomes one of the last women to be guillotined in France.'] ['Chickens are being prepared for a meal when a chicken escapes and an armed gang chases after it in a favela called the Cidade de Deus {City of God}. The chicken stops between the gang and a young man named Rocket , who believes that the gang wants to kill him. A flashback traces Rocket, the narrator, back to the 1960s. Three impoverished thieves known as the "Tender Trio" – Shaggy, Clipper, and Goose – rob and loot business owners; Goose is Rocket\'s brother. The thieves split part of the loot with the citizens of the City, and are protected by them in return. Several younger boys idolize the trio and one, Li\'l Dice , convinces them to hold up a motel and rob its occupants. The gang agree but, resolving not to kill anyone, tell Li\'l Dice to serve as lookout. They give him a gun and tell him to fire a warning shot if the police arrive but an unsatisfied Li\'l Dice fires a warning shot mid-robbery and guns down the motel inhabitants once the gang have run off. The massacre brings the attention of the police, forcing the trio to split up: Clipper joins the church, Shaggy is shot by the police while trying to escape, and Goose is shot by Li\'l Dice after taking the thieving boy\'s money while his friend Benny  watches. Later in the \'70\'s. Rocket has joined a group of young hippies. He enjoys photography, and likes one girl, but his attempts to get close to her are ruined by a group of petty criminal kids known as "The Runts". Li\'l Dice now calls himself "Li\'l Zé" , and along with Benny has established a drug empire by eliminating all of the competition, except for one dealer named Carrot. A relative peace has come over the City of God under the reign of Li\'l Zé, who avoids police attention by having an initiate kill a Runt. Zé plans to kill Carrot, but Benny talks him out of it. Eventually, Benny and his girlfriend decide to leave the City, but during the farewell party Zé vents his frustration by humiliating a peaceful man named Knockout Ned, and while he is distracted, Blackie  accidentally kills Benny. As Benny was the only man holding Zé back from taking over Carrot\'s business, his death leaves Zé unchecked and Carrot kills Blackie for endangering his life. Following Benny\'s death, Zé rapes Ned\'s girlfriend. After Ned\'s brother hits him, his gang retaliates by firing on Ned\'s house and killing his uncle. Ned, looking for revenge, sides with Carrot and eventually a war breaks out between Carrot and Zé. As the \'80\'s begin, both sides enlist more "soldiers", with Zé providing weapons for the Runts and eventually the reason for the war is forgotten. One day, Zé has Rocket take photos of him and his gang. After Rocket leaves his film with a friend who works at a newspaper, a female reporter publishes one of the prints, since nobody can get into the City of God anymore. Rocket takes a romantic interest in the reporter, eventually losing his virginity to her. Rocket thinks his life is endangered but agrees to continue taking photographs, not realizing Zé is very pleased with increased notoriety. Rocket then returns to the City for more photographs, bringing the film to its beginning. Confronted by the gang, Rocket is surprised that Zé is asking him to take pictures, but as he prepares to take the photo, the police arrive, who drive off when Carrot arrives. In the gunfight, Ned is killed by a boy who has infiltrated his gang to avenge his father, a security guard who was killed by Ned during a bank robbery. Li\'l Zé and Carrot are taken with plans to give the media Carrot, whose gang never paid off the police, while they steal Zé\'s money and leave him alone. He is murdered by the Runts for his forced murder of one of their own earlier. Rocket takes pictures of the entire scene as well as Zé\'s dead body and goes back to the newspaper. Rocket is seen in the newspaper office looking at all of his photographs through a magnifying glass, and deciding whether to publish the photo of corrupt cops and become famous or the photo of Li\'l Zé\'s body and get an internship. He decides on the latter and the film ends with the Runts walking around the City of God, making a hit list of the dealers they plan to kill in order to take over the drug business. They mention that a Comando Vermelho  is coming.'] ['The film begins with a morally upright and honest Gandhian Schoolmaster, Deenanath Chauhan , teaching his son, Vijay Deenanath Chauhan about a poem, \'Agneepath\', which describes \'The Path of Fire\' which a man must cross in his life. This theme becomes an integral part of the story. Master Deenanath is a well-loved person, who wishes to bring education to the Village, Mandwa. However, his wish is not shared by a corrupt jamindar, Dinkar Rao . One day, as Vijay and his friends play about near Rao\'s house, a man named Kancha Cheena  arrives at the house, and Rao hands over some papers to him, which, Rao tells him, are the Title Deeds of all the Villagers\' homes. Kancha\'s plans are revealed then: he wishes to make Mandwa a centre for his drugs trade, as he wishes to rule a place where the laws are lax and is not on the map of India. Dinkar Rao mentions that the schoolmaster is a huge hindrance to their plans, whereupon Cheena tells Rao that he must kill the schoolmaster, or Rao will suffer the consequences. With the aid of the owner of a brothel, Chandabai, Dinkar Rao lures the schoolmaster into the brothel. The villagers assume that the schoolmaster is an immoral hypocrite who solicits prostitution, and they beat him to death. The schoolmaster dies while cradling his son and reciting the poem, "Agneepath". Vijay\'s Mother is devastated, and the image of the schoolmaster is so tarnished that 12-year old Vijay had to carry his corpse to the cemetery on a cart. The family leaves for Mumbai to begin life anew. There, Vijay does odd jobs to earn for his family. It is also there that he learns about the harsher truths of life. He burns down a Petrol Pump because the owner of the Pump tried to rape his Mother. Vijay is caught in the act by Inspector Gaitonde, who tries to redeem the boy. He is then hired by four of Kancha\'s enemies. Then we see an older Vijay, 36 years old, now a gangster with a drawling, raspy voice and stylish gait, who works for four of Kancha Cheena\'s enemies, namely Terelin, Shetty, Usman Bhai and another. Vijay slowly eliminates his bosses and works his way up the echelons of crime, becoming a feared and reputed gangster in Mumbai. Then Vijay tries to cut a deal with Kancha, and gradually brings about his Empire\'s downfall. However, in an action-packed climax sequence, Kancha holds Vijay\'s wife, Mary, his sister and his mother hostage, and challenges him to a showdown, daring him to cross a rubble-laden, path of fire. In spite of being shot twice, Vijay kills Kancha. In an emotional sequence, Vijay drags his mother to the remains of their old house in the village, now a smoldering pile of brick, reciting "Agneepath". Vijay passes away, with his head on his Mother\'s lap, culminating in an emotional end, in which Vijay\'s mother remarks to the end, "My son is not a gangster...he is not a gangster."'] ['Renegade police detectives Frank Divinci  and Jake Rodriguez  gun down narcotics dealer Lionel Hudd , after the three engage illegally in drug trafficking; this is in order to recover the cocaine Hudd purchased from them. When Divinci and Rodriguez find out Hudd was actually a "deep cover" DEA agent—because Hudd\'s partner  drops by their precinct for help sniffing out the killers—they try to frame anyone else with the murder. It doesn\'t help that Rodriguez has outstanding gambling debts, and that a huge man known only as "Mr. Cutlass Supreme"  is on his case for it. After arresting numerous felons without success , Divinci and Rodriguez arrest a homeless drunk by the name of Joe Doe . While Joe is still intoxicated, the detectives convince him that he shot Hudd. They even make him sign a confession. At his first legal hearing, Joe is declared mentally unfit to stand trial . The trial is postponed accordingly. At Joe\'s second hearing, high-profile lawyer Arthur Baylor  attends the proceedings. Baylor reveals that his client\'s name is actually William Dane McCall, that Joe is actually the missing-and-presumed-dead co-heir to the financial empire of a high-status family. Baylor asks the court to grant a one-week continuance so he can prepare his defense properly. The court agrees. Divinci and Rodriguez convince local stripper Cynthia Webb , also Divinci\'s mistress, who was the "bait" in their trap for Hudd, to "identify" Joe in a police line-up. Afterwards, she is summoned to testify in court. She disappears for a period of time, but is finally discovered and brought in for "The People VS. William Dane McCall." She gives her rehearsed testimony against Joe, at which time Joe informs Baylor that he lived in an alley next to Cynthia\'s apartment. Baylor questions Cynthia until she finally confesses to knowing Joe. The fact that she knows the defendant as "Joe" and not as "William Dane McCall" shows that she had previous knowledge of the defendant, thus making her testimony for Joe being Hudd\'s killer to be false. She is arrested for perjury while the verdict of Joe\'s case remains unknown. Divinci and Rodriguez hire Manny, a bail agent, to get Cynthia out of jail. They plan to kill her before she can testify. On the day she is to be "silenced," Rodriguez confesses to Divinci about feeling guilty regarding the numerous murders they\'ve committed. Divinci suddenly suspects his partner of taping their conversation; such indeed turns out to be the case, after Divinci forcibly searches Rodriguez. Rodriguez informs Divinci that he has already confessed to the DEA regarding what they\'ve done. Unwilling to kill Rodriguez here and now, Divinci renounces their friendship and drives off into the night. Rodriguez returns home to find his bookie, and Mr. Cutlass Supreme, waiting for him. Enraged about the preceding events, he attacks them only to be shot dead. Cynthia, still in jail, strikes a deal with Baylor to testify against Divinci in return for her perjury case being dropped. Frank, upon hearing that Cynthia has confessed against him, breaks into her home. He shoots and wounds her. The dying Cynthia is rushed to an emergency room at the local hospital, where Dr. McCall prepares to operate on her and save her life. Divinci makes arrangements with Manny to sneak out of the country. The driver Manny hires for Divinci turns out to be Clyde David Dunner, a murderer and arsonist...whose case was dropped because Divinci and Rodriguez, who had arrested him, stole his Magnum from the police-evidence room and used it to kill Hudd. Dunner pulls the same Magnum and shoots Frank.'] ["A mobster is hiding from the law in a small town and he's running out of money, so he robs a bank and rakes in some big bucks. However, now, not only are the cops after him, but so is the local mob boss who is jealous that an outsider pulled such a job in his territory, and especially without giving him a piece of the pie."] ['Korean War veteran Lucas Doolin  works in the family moonshine business— delivering the illegal liquor his father distills to clandestine distribution points throughout the south in his souped-up hot rod. However, Lucas has more problems than evading the U.S. Treasury agents , led by determined newcomer Troy Barrett . Lucas is concerned that his younger brother Robin , who is also his mechanic, will be tempted into following in his footsteps and becoming a moonshine runner. A well-funded outside gangster, Carl Kogan , tries to gain control of the independent local moonshine producers and their distribution points, and is willing to kill anyone who stands in his way. The stakes rise when an attempt by Kogan to kill Lucas results in the death of a government agent as well as another moonshine driver. In a romantic subplot, Lucas becomes involved with nightclub singer Francie Wymore . He is unaware one of the neighbor girls, Roxanna Ledbetter ([[Sandra Knight , has a crush on him and fears for his life. When a series of government raids destroy their hidden stills, Lucas\' father and the other local moonshines shut down production "for a spell" to let the government deal with Kogan in its own time, but Lucas is forced by circumstances and his own code of honor to make a final run.  The film was based loosely on an incident in which a driver transporting moonshine was said to have crashed to his death on Kingston Pike in Knoxville, Tennessee between Bearden Hill and Morrell Road. Per Metro Pulse writer Jack Renfro, the incident occurred in 1952 and may have been witnessed by James Agee, who passed the story on to Mitchum.'] ["When Nicky calls Mikey yet again to bail him out of trouble—this time a contract on his life for money that he stole from his mob boss—Mikey, as always, shows up to help. Overcoming the obstacles of Nicky's paranoia and blind fear, Mikey gets him out of the hotel where he has holed up, and starts to help him plan his escape; however, Nicky keeps changing the plan, and a hit man is hot on their trail. As they try to make their escape, the two friends have to confront issues of betrayal, regret, and the value of friendship versus self-preservation."] ["Kate Bosworth  is an artist who misses her boat to an island off New England, where she intends to meet her sister and cousin. She persuades Bill Emerson  to take her home in his boat, and they both fall in love. However, Kate's twin sister Patricia  decides to fall in love with Bill also, and she succeeds in stealing him away. Unable to be truly happy for Patricia, Kate instead focuses on her work. Bill eventually goes to Chile, allowing Kate to spend some time with her sister. They go sailing, and Patricia is washed overboard and drowns. Kate is washed ashore, and, when she regains consciousness, she is mistaken for Patricia. Being told that Bill is about to return from Chile, Kate decides to assume her late sister's identity."] ['The film is the story of a wandering tramp who has an affair with the wife of a restaurant owner. The two then conspire to murder her husband and attempt to live happily ever after. The catch is built into the title of the book, however, and the long arm of the law rings again to disrupt the couple’s already guilt-wracked life, ironically convicting the tramp for an accidental death despite his being absolved of guilt in the actual murder.'] ["The story revolves around two brothers, Kishen  and Karan , who have spent their childhood growing up alone on the streets of Mumbai. In order for Karan to have a better upbringing and education, Kishen joins Anna Seth . Anna owns an oil factory, but that's a mere prop to cover up his dealings within the underworld. Karan is unaware of the fact that his brother is working for a gang. Inspector Prakash , Karan's best friend, is aware of Anna's gang activities and wants to bring him to justice. Anna knows that Karan and Prakash are best friends, so he sets up the murder of Prakash when Prakash and Karan are supposed to meet after Karan's arrival from America. Karan witnesses the murder of his friend Prakash, who dies in his arms. Karan is devastated with the happenings, and is even more shocked to learn that Kishen is a gangster working for Anna, the man responsible for Prakash's murder. Iqbal, who is friends with Karan, though crippled he keeps all the information of the underworld. This very knowledge is threat to life, since Abdul  is wary of Iqbal. Iqbal briefs Karan about all the internal information of Anna's Gang and his rival gang led by Musa. Determined Karan resolves for revenge. Karan goes to join Anna's gang. Anna wanting to weigh his credibility, locks him with Iqbal and can come out only after killing him. Anna is sure that Karan won't be able to kill Iqbal. Iqbal then shoots himself so that Karan can execute his plan without any guilt. To everyone else's surprise it appears that Karan has killed Iqbal and he becomes a part of Anna's gang. Kishen is very disappointed since he wanted his brother to led a normal life, but is not able to deter Karan from his motives. With the help of Musa, Karan is able to eliminate all the three killers of Prakash. By playing off one gang against the other, he hopes to exterminate both of them at the same time. In a desperate attempt to get Karan away from it all, Kishen gets him married to Paro. But when the couple is brutally killed on their wedding night, Kishen is out for revenge against Anna Seth."] ['La Cérémonie tells the story of an illiterate dyslexic young woman, Sophie Bonhomme ,New York Times Review who is hired as a maid by the Lelièvre family. The Lelièvres live in an isolated mansion in Brittany. The family consists of four members: Catherine  and Georges, the parents, who have no children together, but one each from previous marriages. Gilles is Catherine and her ex-husband’s son. He is a lonely teenager who loves reading and has a passion for arts in general. Melinda is Georges’ and his late wife’s daughter. She studies at a university and only spends the weekends at home, where she invites her boyfriend Jérémie. The household chores are excessive for Catherine – who owns her own art gallery – so she requires a maid’s help and hires Sophie. Throughout the film Sophie avoids using the dishwasher, refuses to take driving lessons, buys fake eyeglasses, and has trouble giving a cashier the correct change. The viewer finds out later that Sophie is illiterate and has a history of violence since she is believed to have killed her handicapped father, or at least not to have rescued him from the fire she might have set in his house. Once in the small village, Sophie meets Jeanne , the postmistress, who occasionally works in a charity and reads a lot. However, Jeanne proves to be a bad influence on the maid since she is jealous and aggressive towards a lot of people, including the Lelièvres. The two friends meet regularly either for a charity project  or for a film; television being Sophie’s main pastime. Sophie is treated rather nicely at the Lelièvres, who mean well towards her, but their patronizing attitude and the affection they have for each other create a feeling of jealousy and frustration both in Sophie and in Jeanne. This frustration reaches its climax when Georges fires Sophie for attempting to blackmail Melinda, who found out about her illiteracy. It is what triggers the climax of the film, which sees Sophie and Jeanne seize Georges’ shotguns and murder the family who were watching an opera on television. Jeanne leaves the crime scene and is killed in a car accident by the priest who had fired her from the charity she worked for. Sophie, for her part, walks away from the house after having wiped their fingerprints off the guns, making her way through the police squads going towards the accident. The end credits begin with the music of the opera that is being played back on Melinda’s tape-recorder, which Jeanne stole and put in her car. At the end of the credits, the gunshots can be heard and then the voices of Jeanne and Sophie are the evidence that the police can use to first find the bodies and then convict Sophie. However the film then ends ambiguously. Chabrol presents an ambiguous view of culture and class conflict in this film, which he jokingly called "the last Marxist film."DVDs of the week: The Night of The Shooting Stars, Day of the Dead and more 15 April 2006'] [" The drama begins with a murder and a screaming witness. The witness to the crime tells the police that she can identify the murderer and will never forget his face. Mob attorney Walter Colby  is called by crime boss Hap Richie  in the middle of the night to arrange the release of Caesar , one of his mobsters arrested for the murder. After Colby does so he tells his girlfriend, the unscrupulous mob-connected showgirl Flaxy Martin , that he wants to quit the organization and become respectable. Meanwhile, the syndicate arranges for Peggy Farrar  to falsely testify on behalf of Caesar. After Caesar is cleared of the charges, however, she changes her mind. Flaxy and Caesar go visit Peggy at her apartment to force her into silence, and Caesar ends up killing her. Due to circumstantial evidence, Flaxy is suspected of murdering Peggy. Not realizing her involvement in the killing, Colby tells the police that he did the killing. His plan was to defend himself and get him and Flaxy off. Unfortunately, Flaxy and Hap Richie set him up during the trial and Colby is sentenced for Peggy's murder. As Colby awaits transportation to prison, Sam Malko , a friend of Colby and former client, tells him that Caesar had been getting drunk and bragging that Colby was sentenced for a killing he committed . Sam also wonders why Flaxy was not helping Colby since she must know the same information. On his way to prison to serve 20 years, Colby escapes and when he gets to the highway he passes out in front of motorist Nora Carson . Nora helps Colby get to the city to find out how he was framed. Colby realizes that Flaxy was not the woman she pretended to be. In the city Colby finds Caesar dead. He later ends up in Flaxy's apartment as mobster Hap Richie arrives. She pulls the gun on both men and as she shoots wildly in the dark, Flaxy kills Hap. Colby calls the police and they arrest Flaxy for his murder."] ["Barry Champlain, a Jewish radio personality in Dallas, Texas, is a host with a caustic sense of humor and a knack for cutting people down with his controversial politically liberal views. Champlain's radio show is about to go nationwide. A former suit salesman, he achieves his rise to fame through a guest shot on the Jeff Fisher radio show. He is subsequently given his own show. Barry has a substantial number of hostile callers trying to intimidate him and sometimes receives threatening fan mail, such as when one caller makes a bomb threat. His rise to fame is accompanied not only with attention from radical elements, but also with the alienation of his wife."] ["The film starts as young Kate Barker  is brutalized by others, including her father and older brothers. Skipping forward 35 years, the middle-aged Kate 'Ma' Barker  brutalizes innocent people and robs banks with her four sons; the pragmatic Arthur , the sadistic Herman , the bisexual Fred , and the loyal, drug-addicted Lloyd . It all begins in the late 1920s when Ma leaves her husband, George, and her Arkansas home and embarks on her own with her four sons on a robbery-murder spree to make her own fortune, while keeping them under a tight leash. When Herman and Fred are arrested and imprisoned for petty theft charges, Ma takes over the group and leads Arthur and Lloyd on a bank robbery spree to gain enough money to get her sons out of jail. The gang is joined by a gunman named Kevin  who was Fred's cellmate during his incarceration and his strongly implied lover. The group is also joined by a local prostitute named Mona Gibson, whom Herman frequented before his imprisonment. The gang resorts to more violent action and robberies. While hiding out at a cabin in Kentucky, Lloyd comes across a young woman swimming at a nearby lake whom he sexually assaults. Not wanting the woman to report them to the police, the Barkers hold her captive and Ma eventually kills her by drowning her despite the protests of her sons. Another time later, the gang arrives in Tennessee where they abduct a wealthy businessman named Sam Pendlebury  . Holding him for a $300,000 ransom, the sons, particularly Herman, bond with their captive whom they see as the sympathetic father figure they never had. When Herman and Mona go to collect the ransom, they are chased by a pair of FBI agents and barely escape. When they find that the ransom is only half of what they originally demanded, Ma orders her sons to kill Sam rather than let him go. But none of them can bring themselves to do it and they set him free, lying to Ma about killing him. Next, the gang hides out in Florida Everglades where Lloyd soon dies from a heroin overdose and Mona leaves Herman and the gang after she reveals that she's pregnant and does not want to be around them anymore out of the safety for hers and Herman's unborn child. But Herman and Kevin give away their hiding place one day when a local handyman and caretaker named Moses  witnesses them shooting an alligator out on a lake with a Tommy gun. Moses then calls the police and reports his suspicions. At the climax, several FBI agents and local police arrive at the Barkers' farmhouse hideout and a huge shootout ensues between the authorities and the surviving members of the gang. Kevin, Fred, and Arthur are all killed. Herman commits suicide to prevent himself from being sent to prison again. Ma is the last one to fall."] ['Using the internet and old school mafia traditions, a crew of young gangsters led by Nicholas "Nicky" Santini attempt to pull off the biggest heist in the history of the mafia. Nicky must first convince his uncle Danny Santini, a respected caporegime of the Genovesso crime family in New Jersey, to put up the necessary "seed money", $50,000,000.00. When Danny agrees, Nicky - along with his partner and friend Johnny "Irish" Kelly - use violence and murder to put the plan in motion. But as much as things seem to be changing in the family\'s way of doing business, old habits and traditions remain and Nicholas must decide between his friends who helped him pull off the scam or his uncle Danny.'] ["The film begins with the main character, Yuuji, being fired from his yakuza syndicate. Soon he finds work for another boss solely as a pay-per-hit assassin, killing members of other syndicates. His life starts to become more complicated when an ex-girlfriend or hooker drops his son off at his house. His son, who is mute, begins to follow him, where the boy watches him shoot a man who is having lunch with his wife and infant son. Afterward, the boy follows Yuuji to a whorehouse where he waits outside. While waiting, he eats food from the garbage and befriends a puppy who is chained in the alley. The prostitute and Yuuji develop a live-in relationship . Things get much more complicated when the brother of Yuuji's recent victim, a lawyer, approaches his brother's yakuza syndicate to request heading the revenge attack on Yuuji. The mark's brother discovers the relationship between the hooker and Yuuji and augments her website to offer a reward for anyone with information about her. Yuuji, girlfriend, and son are on the way out of town when Yuuji calls his new boss to get a passport. Yuuji's new boss, who knows about the reward and calls the mark's brother, despite the fact that he hired Yuuji. Yuuji can tell by the sound of his bosses voice that he has been betrayed so he leaves their current location and seek refuge at a transgendered homosexual male's apartment who is a friend of the prostitute. While browsing her website on her friend's computer, the prostitute discovers the reward offering on her website, informs Yuuji and the two begin to wonder where the prostitutes friend went to. They spot the friend outside, waiting nervously downstairs and realize he has turned them in for money. Yuuji sends his girlfriend and son together to a train station and gets revenge on his boss. Meanwhile his son and girlfriend are captured by the lawyer  and Yuuji's girlfriend is killed. Yuuji faces off with the lawyer, but gets knocked out due to a distraction by Yuuji's son, after pumping a few bullets into Yuuji, which makes him appear dead. As Yuuji and his son rejoice, an old acqaintance, a low quality and comical hitman, appears and kills Yuuji. After the hitman leaves, the lawyer reawakens and gives Yuuji's son a speech, telling him if Yuuji's son wanted to seek revenge in the future, that he will be waiting."] ["In hopeless pursuit of happiness, Shing  is a man who desperately attempts to hold on to the dwindling threads of his family. Once a man who had a dream, Shing has become a deadbeat gambler whose marriage is failing with wife Lin . Shing's machoistic ego overrides any reasonable logic for change, which forces Lin to leave Shing repeatedly. After finally managing to escape, Shing is left with nothing but his son, Lok-Yun . Hoping in vain to pay back loansharks, Shing turns to his loving son, Lok-Yun, who has somehow retained his filial loyalty. In his most desperate hour, Shing forces his struggle of survival onto his son, Lok-Yun, through thievery and tests the strength of loyalty and the boundaries of trust in their father-son relationship. With each passing day, the bond of love is threatened with Shing's unrepentant ways."] ['During the time Hong Kong was under British rule, there was a dark age when corruption and bribery were the order of the day. Chinese Chief Inspector Lak  together with his gang, Unicorn ([[Anthony Wong , Gale  and Gold  laundered massive sums thereby making Hong Kong an empire of graft. Whenever they failed to apprehend the felons, Unicorn would get innocent victims, like Bong ([[Alex Fong , to admit to the crimes. Gale had nine "wives", all of them were actually mistresses of other constables, only Lily  was loyal to him, but Gale was fascinated by the female drug lord, Rose . Lak was found having an affair with Unicorn\'s mistress . Unicorn beat up Lak and was demoted to stand guard at a reservoir. In the early 1970s, the Governor of Hong Kong decided to clean up the police force. The ICAC was established, whose operation branch was headed by Yim . Bong and Unicorn also joined the ICAC. Despite threats of violence and intimidation, they managed to bring about the downfall of the empire of graft.'] ['A group of friends steal a valuable statuette for a ruthless art dealer. The amateur thieves botch the delivery of the statuette and the art dealer demands that they pay him $1 million by the end of the week or face the consequences: certain death. Desperate, the friends decide to take out a $1 million life insurance policy on one of themselves with the idea that if one of them is sacrificed, the others will collect on the policy and be able pay off the art dealer. What follows is a reckoning: The friends enter into a lethal lottery to choose who will be the victim and who will be the killer.'] ['Parish sheriff Darl Hardwick is the chief investigator in a controversial investigation of the murder of a transsexual. The dignitaries of the small village react nervously, and want the whole thing hushed up. Darl is replaced by the influential judges of the town. Normally, he would have no problem with that, but he grows more interested in the case when he meets the attractive wife of the murder victim, and urges a thorough investigation. The investigation costs him his job - and nearly gets him killed.'] ["During the cold and rainy off-season a man  arrives in a seaside town and, giving his name only as Pierre, checks into the only hotel which remains open. His arrival arouses curiosity and a degree of suspicion, as people note that he appears to know the area, yet gives no explanation for his presence at that bleak time of year in the dead-end town. The elderly father of the hotel owner, now a mute invalid, shows signs of recognition but his condition prevents him from voicing what he observes. Pierre is treated with barely disguised petty-minded intolerance and hostility by the hotel owner, guests and habitués, but develops a friendship with Marthe , an all-purpose employee at the hotel. Pierre also notices a 15 year-old boy &ndash; employed as a dogsbody at the hotel, where he has been placed by the local state-run orphanage &ndash; who he has spotted engaging in rendezvous with Mme Curlier, a middle-aged female guest. His attempts to engage the somewhat surly and reticent youth however meet with rebuff. The arrival in the town of Fred , an oily and seedy character on Pierre's trail, precipitates his fate. It transpires that Pierre's interest in the orphan boy arises from the fact that he sees in him an exact reflection of himself at the same age; Pierre too was raised in the same orphanage and was sent as a teenage boy to work in this hotel, where he was picked up by a predatory older woman, a well-known chanteuse who offered him escape to the bright lights of Paris. Over time however, his gigolo-type lifestyle with the woman became increasingly sordid and degrading. It is revealed that Pierre is now on the run, having just killed the singer, and has returned to the town of his childhood and adolescence in a vain attempt to try to find some inner peace. Instead his return has ended in complete desperation. Marthe, who by now has fallen in love with Pierre, does her best to help him through his despair, but it is not to be.Une si jolie petite plage overview at Films de France. Retrieved 24-07-2010"] ['Dan Morgan witnesses the bloody massacre of Chinese on the goldfields and turns into a robber. He is arrested and sent to prison for six years where he is tormented and raped by guards. He is let out on parole and becomes a bushranger, befriending an aboriginal, Billy. Morgan fights against the vicious Superintendant Cobham and is eventually killed.'] ['The film revolves around a series of murders of young women. The killer, Dirk, works for a pornographer named Johnny Ryde. It is outright stated that Dirk\'s impulsive murders are a direct result of viewing pornographic pictures and films. This is stated both by Ryde\'s boss, Gloria Henderson, and the police . Several subplots attempt to emerge during the course of the film: the ongoing police investigation into underground pornographic distribution ; Ryde\'s attempts to shoot porn ; Gloria\'s rising concern about the out-of-control Dirk, which comes to a head when her overlords in "the Syndicate" order her to remove Dirk permanently; and in an obvious attempt to interject pathos into the film, the tribulations of a young girl from a small Midwestern town who starts out seeking a career as a legitimate actress, but who ends up making porn for Ryde and Gloria, before becoming one of Dirk\'s victims. The film reaches its climax when Gloria and Ryde attempt to get rid of Dirk by putting him in a car with faulty brakes. Dirk survives, and forces Ryde to blackmail Gloria. Dirk then murders Ryde, before being shot in the dark by Gloria, who assumed that she was shooting Ryde. The film ends with Gloria\'s disbelief that she shot the wrong man as the police arrest her.'] ['The movie opens at an airport with a distinguished looking man, Casey , pickpocketing a deaf man of his wallet. Casey then meets his old friend Harry  at his arrival gate. Later, the action moves to Ray  who is seen making various obviously-inept attempts to steal watches and wallets in Seattle\'s Union Station. Sandy , waiting for a train to Chicago, watches him with amusement, securing her own possessions when Ray sits close by. He does, however manage to get away with her watch, though she chases him down to get him to confess. While talking with Ray, however, her purse and suitcase, both unwatched, are spirited away by an unseen thief. Bereft of all her possessions and money, she\'s stranded in Seattle. Ray promises to help her get back on the road, but his way of raising funds is to sell his inventory of stolen watches – watches so poor that the fence is only willing to pay a fraction of the money Ray promised Sandy. As a favor, the fence tips Ray off to the presence of a recruiter for a "wire mob" – a travelling professional pickpocketing band – in town, who will be hanging out at a restaurant in the Pioneer Square district. Ray decides to try it out; Sandy, who\'s formed an emotional bond with Ray, decides to tag along. At the restaurant they meet Casey, who introduces them to Harry, Casey\'s protege and "cannon" – the term for a known and skilled professional pickpocket. After discussion and doubts on Harry\'s part,  Sandy and Ray are given money to buy better clothes and Harry and Casey begin to train them in the parts they\'re to play – principally that of the "stall", or the members of the team who will provide distraction in order for Harry to get into the mark and make the "dip". Harry also inculcates them into the group\'s modus operandi and operations. The team travels "first-class – everything the best … the best food, the best clothes, the best hotels". In this way they are able to blend into and appear as the classes they are trying to pickpocket. Sandy, being physically attractive, gives the team added advantages in that male marks can presumably mostly have their attention diverted by an attractive young lady in revealing fashions. During the course of the movie the mob travels from Seattle to Victoria BC to Salt Lake City, Sandy and Ray becoming progressively more adept in their roles. Along the way, Ray\'s ambition to become more than a mere "stall" and the tension between Ray and Harry brought on by the presence of Sandy produce stresses on the group but, by the time the team arrives in Salt Lake City the wire mob have merged into a more-or-less cohesive and successful unit. In the meantime, though, Ray\'s ambition has gotten him, through ingratiation, to convince Casey to take him on as a student. Casey\'s training turns Ray into am much more accomplished pickpocket and, when in Salt Lake City, Ray and Sandy begin working on their own time and keeping the take. Moreover, Ray keeps the id and effects of the people he lifts from, wanting to study them, two things that threaten the survival of the group and makes Harry furious with Ray. Events come to a head in Salt Lake City when Casey is arrested when a botched handoff from Ray allows the victim to see his wallet in plain sight protruding from Casey\'s jacket pocket. Casey\'s case turns complicated when cocaine is found on him and becomes more than just a case of springing him from jail on a pickpocketing charge. Harry decides to raise extra funds quickly by hitting a regional horse show at the Salt Palace arena , and Ray, who had decided to split from the group, agrees to go in for Casey\'s sake. Working over the Salt Palace crowd goes rather smoothly, but building security have been alerted that Harry is in town and it\'s only a matter of time before they catch him – deliberately taking the fall by disposing of the evidence in a wastebasket rather than handing off to Ray. The film closes as Sandy and Ray, above suspicion, watch as Harry is led away by SLC police and building security to an uncertain future.'] ['Charlie drifts through life as he and his friends enjoy a lifestyle of house parties, casual sex and drugs. However, after breaking into a house to rob it, they find a gun . During the robbery, three of the friends  accidentally awaken the owner, a hefty Jamaican man who promptly chases them into the street with a golf club. The trio escape, much to the amusement of Justin and Damien. However, despite Charlie promising to tell Justin everything, he decides to keep the gun a secret. Sometime later the story picks up Charlie and Justin as they walk through a disused car park. After looking in the window of a BMW it becomes clear that Julie, the girlfriend of Francis , another member of \'The Firm\', is having sex with "local nutter" Eddie , who is some 20 years older. By this time in the story it has become clear that Charlie is discontented with his lifestyle and would prefer to try to make something of his life, unlike Justin, who would clearly prefer things to remain the same. This point is highlighted when the two attend a party being thrown by Charlie\'s cousin Hector Moriati , with Charlie being offered a job as an estate agent. Hector eventually throws Justin out, and Hector in turn asks Charlie to stay . On the way back home from the estate, the pair begin to fight, Charlie clearly annoyed that Justin has ruined an opportunity for him to turn his life around. Charlie, as the narrator, informs the audience that from that point on \'Things could never be the same\'. The following day Fatty approaches Charlie in the street and the pair head off to a boxing gym where Francis announces his intention to propose to Julie. Charlie tells Francis about Julie\'s affair with Eddie. Francis, in a tearful rage, walks out of the room and goes on the hunt for Eddie, baseball bat in hand. When Francis eventually finds Eddie he smashes the window of his BMW, provoking Eddie to run him down. Charlie then arrives as Francis lies unconscious on the road. As Charlie waits in hospital he is visibly moved by an upset woman, presumably Francis\'s mother, and decides to take revenge on Eddie with the stolen pistol. After finding Eddie he loses his nerve, prompting Eddie to tell him to \'Fuck of out my house before you and I fall out\'. After leaving, Charlie eventually shows the gun to Justin, who becomes very attached to it and suggests that they should kill Eddie. Justin is later insulted by a child in the park and threatens him with the gun, going as far as pushing the barrel into the terrified boy\'s mouth. Disgusted, Charlie snatches the gun from Justin and tells him he no longer wishes to be associated with him. A distraught Justin tries to make amends but Charlie refuses, instead giving him the gun as a farewell gift. Instantly Justin runs off, pursued by Charlie who has realised that Justin intends to use the weapon. Charlie catches up to Justin but only watches as Justin shoots Eddie in the leg  and the pair make their way to the top of a high rise building. The police arrive and Justin tells Charlie to leave or risk being arrested. Charlie seemingly forgives Justin and the two hug. The final scene shows the pair going down different paths: Justin turning himself in to the police with a smile on his face and with a crowd cheering for him, and Charlie as he packs his bags and leaves. A child  asks Charlie where he\'s going as he leaves; he simply replies "Somewhere".'] ['{{Expand section}} Three friends decide to pull a prank and pretend to rob a bank when an actual bank robbery is taking place. The real bank robbers take them hostage and force them to rob a bank for them.'] ['On June 15, 1904, the ship General Slocum catches fire and sinks in New York\'s East River. Two boys, Blackie Gallagher  and Jim Wade , are rescued by priest Father Joe , but are orphaned by the disaster. They are taken in by another survivor, Poppa Rosen , who has lost his young son in the sinking. The boys live with Poppa Rosen for a short while; then Rosen, a Russian Jew, is trampled to death by a policeman\'s horse after he heckles Leon Trotsky at a Communist rally and a melee breaks out. The boys remain close friends, though their lives diverge. Studious from the very beginning, Jim  gets his law degree and eventually becomes the assistant district attorney. Blackie is a cheerful, happy-go-lucky kid who loves to throw dice and trick other kids out of their money; he  becomes the owner of a fancy, if illegal, casino. Though his casino is regularly "raided", the cops have been paid off and business resumes immediately after they leave. Blackie\'s girlfriend Eleanor  loves him, but pleads with him in vain to marry her and give up his dangerous life. Jim is appointed district attorney. Blackie arranges to meet him for a celebration, but something comes up, and he sends Eleanor to keep Jim company at the Cotton Club until he can join them. Jim and Eleanor talk the night away. Afterward, she gives Blackie one last chance to marry her and settle down. When Blackie refuses, she leaves him. Months later, Blackie kills Manny Arnold  for not paying his gambling debts. Jim summons him to his office, where he tells him that he and Eleanor are going to get married. Blackie is sincerely happy for both of them. Jim also informs his friend that he is a suspect in the Arnold murder. However, there is no real evidence, so the crime goes unsolved. Though Jim invites him to be the best man at his wedding, Blackie discreetly turns him down. After returning from his honeymoon, Jim runs for governor of New York. Snow , who had had been his chief assistant until Jim fired him for corruption, threatens to tell reporters that Jim covered up for Blackie in the Arnold case. Though untrue, this would lose Jim a close race for the governorship. By chance, Blackie and Eleanor meet at the horse track. Eleanor tells Blackie about Snow. Blackie murders Snow in a washroom of Madison Square Garden during a hockey game. A beggar who pretends to be blind sees him leave the scene of the crime. Jim has no choice but to prosecute Blackie. Blackie is convicted and sentenced to death. Jim wins the election, partly because the public knows that Jim is so honest he prosecuted his childhood friend. Eleanor tries to get him to commute the sentence to life imprisonment, revealing Blackie\'s selfless motive for killing Snow, but that only makes things worse. When Jim remains steadfast, Eleanor leaves him. At the last moment, Jim hurries to Sing Sing Prison and meets Blackie, together with Father Joe, who is now the prison\'s chaplain. Jim finally offers to commute the death sentence, but Blackie turns him down. Father Joe leads Blackie to the electric chair while saying last rites. A few days later Jim calls a special joint session of the New York Legislature. He reveals how the murder helped him win the election and how at the end he compromised his principles and was willing to commute his friend\'s sentence. He then tenders his resignation. When he leaves, Eleanor is waiting for him. She tells him that she was wrong about him, and they leave together to start a new life.'] ["Six years after being jailed for killing Trife, Sam is released from prison. Sam goes to visit his old girlfriend, Claire, but discovers that she has a new boyfriend, Hayden. Sam later meets a man, who turns out to be Trife's cousin, and is attacked with a knife. Trife's cousin informs him that he will not survive the day, as many people want him dead - and will stop at nothing, even harming his family. Sam, troubled by these claims, goes to speak to Becky's cousin Lexi, hoping that she might have some information. He approaches Claire, and asks her if she's seen anyone lately. She tells him that Moony goes to the local university. Sam and Robert meet in a coffee shop, where he tells him that Becky works in a salon, however he refuses to give him Jay's number, warning that he has changed for the worse. Omen, Dabs and Blammy rob a car in broad daylight and take what they have stolen to Ike's house to sell. Jay receives a call informing him that Sam is out of prison. He goes to Ike's house, seeking help about Sam. There Andreas suggests hiring some of the teenagers to kill Sam. Dabs is called into the room and eventually agrees to do it for £6k. Jay makes it clear that the others cannot see Sam's face when the murder happens. Dabs tells Henry about the plan. Not willing to kill a man, Henry tells Dabs not to go through with it. A scuffle happens and Dabs hits Henry over the head with a brick. Later, Dabs and Blammy meet Omen and tell him about the job. Omen agrees after Dabs lies and says that the target was the one who hurt Henry. Sam and Lexi meet and Sam learns that she was gang raped years ago which led her into drug addiction. Jay meets with Moony and his girlfriend in a café and tells Robert that he could have prevented Trife's death, convincing him to help Jay track down Sam. But shortly after, Robert tells Jay that he needs to move on. Later, the teenage hit-men see Sam walking through a park and tackle him to the ground. With his face to the floor, Dabs tells Omen to stab him but Omen insists on seeing his face first. It is revealed that Omen is Sam's brother. He refuses to kill his own brother and realises that Dabs knew who it was. Sam punches Dab and leaves with the two teenagers. Meanwhile, Jay goes round to Lexi's flat and we find out he is her dealer, and that Lexi was setting up Sam by bringing him back to her flat. Sam phones the man he spoke to outside prison and asks for a favor. Sam walks down a street and mugs a couple at gunpoint. He uses the stolen phone to call the police about an armed robbery, telling them the criminal is going into the house he is about to enter. Using the items he stole, he goes into Ike's house pretending to want to sell them. Meanwhile, Sam's contact phones Curtis and tells him where Sam is. While Sam is holding them all at gun point, the armed police show up and arrest Ike, Andreas, and Curtis, but Sam escapes. On the way home, Sam is attacked by Jay. Jay holds him at gunpoint and a fight ensues but during the fight Sam realises that Jay is just like he was six years ago and cannot bring himself to commit murder. Safe in the knowledge that Jay is not really dangerous, he leaves the fight."] ['In 1963 Texas, convicts Robert "Butch" Haynes  and Terry Pugh  escape from the state penitentiary in Huntsville. Fleeing, the pair stumble into a house where eight-year old Phillip Perry  lives with his devout Jehovah\'s Witness mother and two sisters. Needing a hostage to aid their escape, Butch grabs the boy, who meekly accompanies them. The trio\'s journey starts off on an unpleasant note as Butch shoots Terry, following the latter\'s attempt to molest the child. With his partner out of the way, the convict and his young victim take to the Texas highway in a bid to flee from the pursuing police. Meanwhile, Texas Ranger Red Garnett , riding in the Governor\'s airstream trailer, is in pursuit. With criminologist Sally Gerber  and trigger-happy FBI sharpshooter Bobby Lee  in tow, Red is determined to recover the criminal and the hostage before they cross the Texas border. Phillip, eight years old, has never participated in Halloween or Christmas celebrations. Escaping with Butch, however, he experiences a freedom which he finds exhilarating, as Butch gladly allows him the kind of indulgences he has been forbidden all along, including the wearing of a shoplifted Casper the Friendly Ghost costume. Gradually, Phillip becomes increasingly aware of his surroundings, and with constant encouragement from Butch, seems to acquire the ability to make independent decisions on what is wrong and right. For his part, Butch slowly finds himself drawn into giving Phillip the kind of fatherly presence which he himself never had. Red\'s team take up positions preparing to ambush the farm where Butch and Phillip have taken refuge. Unwilling to leave the already wounded Butch, the boy runs back and hugs him – a gesture which, along with his knowledge of Butch\'s character and background, convinces Red that he can resolve the situation peacefully. His plans are thwarted, however, when Bobby Lee, mistaking one of Butch\'s gestures to suppose he is about to draw a gun, fires a shot into his chest and kills him. The move leaves Red angry and frustrated at his inability to save Butch and take him alive.'] ["In their bedroom asleep one night, Bonnie and Leith Von Stein are violently attacked and stabbed by home intruders. Bonnie barely survives, but her husband does not. The investigation into who could do such a thing, and for what purpose, takes an unexpected twist when Bonnie's son Chris Pritchard becomes a prime suspect in the case. Police theorize that it is possible Chris provided two friends from school, Henderson and Upchurch, with a detailed map to the Von Stein family's home, resulting in his mother and stepfather being assaulted while Chris and his sister Angela were in their own bedrooms in the house. The savagery of the crime and the absurdity of the charge leads Bonnie to hire attorney Bill Osteen to represent Chris, inasmuch as she finds it impossible that he could have played a role in her husband's murder. The more police investigate, however, the more Osteen tries to prepare Bonnie that her stepson may indeed be involved. And that even Angela may know more than she has been telling."] ['Three schoolgirls are infatuated with a yakuza, Katsuta, of the Izu Clan. They meet another yakuza, "Diamond" Fuyu, of the rival Yoshida clan. As he gets a tattoo, two of the girls become squeamish and run off but Hanako, the best friend of the daughter of Sota Izu, boss of the Izu clan, stays to watch. She is intrigued with the yakuza world. Fuyu takes her to an illegal gambling den where Tetsu, a dealer, takes a liking to her. The police raid the den and Hanako is arrested but let off with a warning. Later, Tetsu runs into Hanako on the street and convinces her to help him pull a variant of the badger game, a scam in which, with the promise of sex, she is to lure a man to a hotel room where Tetsu will extort money from him by threat of blackmail. The scam fails when the man chases Testu off and Hanako is left stranded with the man. Katsuta chances upon Tatsuko, a con artist who he had encountered four years earlier when he had exposed her and her partner in a scam. Her partner had slashed him across the face in their escape and he bore the resulting scar in fond remembrance of her. Word that Hanako has gone missing reaches Katsuta and he inquires as to her whereabouts from Tetsu who feigns ignorance. They search for her without success and end up at a hotel. Katsuta suspects a gambling game there is fixed, but Tetsu insists on partaking and Katsuta follows. He again meets Tatsuko whose husband, Hachi Okaru, is winning the game by looking at the cards in the reflection of a cigarette case. When the others leave Okaru challenges Katsuta to a game and wins again by cheating. Diamond, who was in hiding with Tatsuko, his sister, emerges and demands to know what happened to Hanako, but Katsuta cannot tell him. Katsuta and Tatsuko fight their feelings for one another. Tensions rise between the Izu and Yoshida clan and Sato Izu begins to suspect Katsuta of disloyalty. Katsuta murders a group of rude gambler parlor attendees. Realizing he has nothing left to lose, he slays his way to a rival boss, demanding he give his fealty to Izu. When Izu is killed by Fuyu making Katsuta\'s earlier actions moot, Katsuta states his actions were nonetheless honorable.'] ['Eddie Coyle  is an aging, low-level gunrunner for a crime organization in Boston, Massachusetts. He is facing several years in prison for a truck hijacking in New Hampshire set up by Dillon, who owns a local bar. Coyle\'s last chance is a sentencing recommendation from an ATF agent, Dave Foley, who demands that Coyle become an informer in return. Dillon also is an informer for Foley. A gang led by Jimmy Scalise and Artie Van has been pulling a series of robberies in broad daylight at suburban banks, Coyle having supplied them with pistols. Another gun runner, Jackie Brown, is supplying Coyle, who demands more guns from him as the gang ditches their pistols after each job and needs a fresh supply for each heist. Jackie goes to great lengths to get Coyle what he needs while taking an order from a young hippie couple shopping for submachine guns. Coyle finds out about the submachine guns when he picks up the pistols from Jackie and offers to set up Jackie for Foley to avoid jail. In a train station\'s parking lot, while waiting to deliver the submachine guns, Jackie is apprehended by Foley and his men. Coyle feels he has fulfilled his end of the deal, but Foley claims it is not enough. He wants more information or else it is prison for Coyle. A bank manager has been killed during a heist by the Scalise-Van crew and they are now wanted for murder. In desperation, Coyle agrees to inform on his friends Scalise and Van, but Eddie is too late offering Foley this information as he already was tipped off and caught the gang in the act of executing a heist. Dillon meets with an intermediary of "The Man", the mob boss, in the parking lot of an MBTA station. Dillon is ready to finger Coyle for betraying Scalise and Van, but it turns out they already have Coyle\'s name as Scalise believes Eddie snitched on him. Dillon tells the intermediary that he was afraid that Coyle was going to inform on him to stay out of jail and expresses his opinion that Coyle gave up Scalise and Van instead, confirming the mob\'s view of Coyle\'s guilt. "The Man" wants Coyle murdered immediately, by nightfall, and is offering the contract to Dillon because of Dillon\'s reputation as a "good" hit man. Despite the danger in offending The Man, Dillon balks due to the short time-table and a promise of payment after the hit. Dillon insists on $5,000 upfront for killing Coyle. The intermediary tells Dillon he will get back to him after talking to The Man. A despondent Coyle arrives at Dillon\'s bar, knowing that prison is now inevitable. While Eddie drinks, they discuss the arrest of Scalise and Van. Eddie feels sorry for them, but Dillon is unsympathetic. He reminds Eddie that no one felt sorry for him when he was arrested and tells him that he likely will receive a light sentence of two years and will be out in eight months. Dillon takes a phone call from the mob confirming the contract and the upfront payment. To set up the hit which has to be carried out that night, Dillon tells Eddie that the phone call was from a friend who can\'t make it to the Boston Bruins hockey game that night. Dillon offers to treat his "friend" to a night on the town, taking him to dinner and the Bruins game to "forget your troubles." At the Boston Garden, Eddie is becoming intoxicated on beer. After he leaves to use the restroom and get another round, Dillon is joined by a young man he has told Eddie is his "wife\'s nephew" who will be joining them at the game, but who is late. He is a young hood who is being groomed by Dillon and will be in on the hit. When Eddie returns to the seats, he is sloppy drunk  and sentimental. He soliloquizes about Bobby Orr, the hockey great who helped lead the Bruins to two Stanley Cup victories in 1970 and \'72 . Can you imagine being a kid like that? What is he, 24 or something? Greatest hockey player in the world. Number four – Bobby Orr. Geeze, what a future he’s got, huh? Eddie has no future; he will soon be dead and the future belongs to the young hoodlum that is Eddie&#39;s potential replacement as a criminal associate of Dillon.{{cite web}} After the game, Dillon and the young hood exit the Garden with an inebriated Coyle as Dillon explains that he has arranged an assignation with a couple of girls in Brookline. Eddie is equivocal and tells Dillon he has parked his car in the South End. The &#34;nephew&#34; offers to give them a lift. In the car, Dillon asks a drunk and sleepy Eddie where his car is parked, but Eddie does not respond, haven fallen asleep. Dillon gives instructions to the young hood on how to drive out of the city to Quincy. As Dillon explains the machinations of the hit and the young hood&#39;s payoff, the drunk Eddie sleeps in the front passenger seat; using a .22 caliber revolver, Dillon shoots Coyle inside the moving car. They leave the car with Eddie&#39;s body outside a bowling alley and split up. In the final scene, Foley meets with his informant Dillon at the Boston City Hall plaza and thanks him for giving him Scalise. He also says that it&#39;s all right if Dillon cannot tell him about what happened to Eddie Coyle.'] [' The story revolves around Michael "Little Man" McCarthy and the rise and fall of marijuana dealers from Bristol, Connecticut. "The film is about a group of working-class guys trying to get ahead by selling drugs," said David, "and the value system they try to live by."<ref name newbritainherald.com | work  http://www.newbritainherald.com/site/index.cfm?newsid1641&PAG594835&rfi 9 June 2007 }}  Director/writer Brandon David based the movie on the events leading up to and following a months-long investigation by the Statewide Narcotics Task Force which resulted in the arrest of 21 people from Bristol, Plymouth, Southington, and Thomaston.<ref name courant.com | work  http://www.courant.com/features/lifestyle/hc-bristolboys.artapr03,0,2890942.story?coll 9 June 2007 }} David\'s friends Kevin Toolen and Miguel Rivera were arrested in the bust. David says he hoped to write on the experiences of his friends and himself while transporting marijuana with Toolen cross country.{{cite web}} Several aspects of the movie are taken directly from the real life events, such as "Little Man" being ratted out by a trusted friend. "It is a shocking fact that a good friend of Kevin\'s was a DEA informant," David said, which was another motivation to make the movie. Also, the police informant\'s death in the movie is fiction. "There was no murder, but if I were the guy that ratted everybody out, I\'d be concerned," said David. David denies the movie is an attack on Bristol. "The biggest message I want to get out is I didn\'t make a movie about Bristol. I made a movie about something that happened to people I know," he said.'] ['Nan Taylor  is accused of helping her friends rob a bank. Reform-minded David Slade  falls in love with her and gets her released. However, when she confesses that she is guilty, he has her imprisoned. Inside, she meets fellow inmates Linda , "Sister Susie"  and Aunt Maggie , and prison matron Noonan . Unlike most films of the women in prison genre, her fellow inmates are criminals, rather than innocents in prison by mistake.Taylor gets involved in a prison escape, has a year added to her sentence, and goes gunning for revenge when she is released.'] ['Two L.A. detectives Cal Bruner  and Jack Farnham  get in over their heads when they decide to split up thousands of dollars they found on a recently killed counterfeiter. To make matters worse, they are assigned by their police captain to look for the missing cash. Things get even worse when one cop gets romantically involved with a money-hungry nightclub singer. When Farnham decides to turn honest and hand the money over to his superiors, the other cop decides to take it all.'] ['When he is passed over for promotion in favor of a foreign-born friend, Frank Taylor , a midwestern factory worker, joins the anti-immigrant Black Legion, a secret white supremacist organizationTatara, Paul. "Black Legion" and alienates his wife . He starts drinking heavily and takes up with a loose woman . Taylor\'s friend, Ed Jackson , tries to counsel him, and a drunken Taylor winds up confessing about his Legion activities. When Taylor reports this to Cliff, a co-worker and fellow member of the Legion, Cliff initiates a false rumor that Jackson is a woman-beater. On the pretext of punishing him for that offense, the Legion then kidnaps Jackson, planning to flog him. Jackson punches one of the men restraining him and tries to escape. As he is running away he is shot by Taylor, who then breaks down with guilt and remorse, exclaiming "I didn\'t mean to shoot!".Allmovie Plot synopsis Taylor is arrested for the murder, and the Legion threatens his wife and son to stop him from implicating the Legion in the crime, but, ultimately, Frank breaks down and tells the truth, resulting in the entire Black Legion being convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison.TCM Full synopsis'] ['Two young British officers arrive to join a prestigious regiment serving in India. One, Lieutenant Drake ([[Michael York , from a middle-class background, is extremely eager to make the right impression while the other, Lieutenant Millington ([[James Faulkner , the son of a General, is not taken with the idea of the army, and keen to get out as soon as he possibly can. Almost as soon as they arrive, Millington gets off on the wrong foot with his comrades, causing them to dislike him. A number of ladies associate with the regiment, many of them widows of officers who have died on active service. One of the most feted of these is Mrs Marjorie Scarlett, whose husband Captain Scarlett won a posthumous Victoria Cross after fighting on the North-West Frontier. [This would have been impossible, however, since the film is set in a period when the Victoria Cross was not awarded posthumously.] During an evening in the mess, involving the younger officers taking part in a ceremonial tradition that involves the pursuit and sticking of a pig, Mrs Scarlett runs in claiming to have been attacked, and identifies Lieutenant Millington as her attacker. Millington has clearly seen this as a quick way back to England, and is apparently not bothered by the disgrace. He does not co-operate with the officer selected to defend him, Lieutenant Drake, and is adamant in his refusal to deny his guilt. The trial, convened in secret by the officers of the regiment to protect reputations, is expected to be a formality. However, as the court begins to examine the open-and-shut circumstances of the case, a number of elements of doubt creep into the case including the nature of the attack, and the veracity of some of the evidence being given. This leads to Drake beginning to dig a little further, and having found a similar attack had taken place six months before, long before Millington had joined the regiment, he begins to suspect the culprit was in fact one of the other officers.'] ['The Rico brothers are mobsters in the employ of a syndicate head, Sid Kubick . Eddie Rico  has given up crime, but the other Ricos  have not. This causes a rift in the family. Eddie gets word that his brothers have been marked for murder. He tries to warn them, yet what Eddie does not know, at least until the last moments of the film, is that Kubick is the man who has ordered the Rico boys murdered.'] ['Madonna played the part of Bruna, a Lower East Side resident who lives with three "love slaves" . Bruna meets Dashiell  in the water fountain in Washington Square Park and the two "fall in love". Bruna tells her lovers she doesn\'t need them anymore. They attack her sexually . Later, Bruna is raped by Raymond Hall  in a bathroom at a coffee shop. To exact retribution, Bruna enlists her love slaves and Dashiell to abduct the rapist. They dress up as hookers and lure him into a limo. They lead him to a theatre where a Satanic sacrifice is performed. Dashiell later wipes Raymond\'s blood all over Bruna.'] ["A poor girl named Nancy  leaves to take care of her two younger sisters, Sadie  and Jane , while their father ([[Walter Perry , who is a former criminal, is sent to prison for a crime which he has not committed and dies there. At that time Jonathan Twist, a quaint philosopher and their somewhat mysterious neighbor, offers their help and Nancy finds with of the help of him a job as a seller of Cocoa Climax. Nancy marries with a British business man and peer Lord Cleveland, and she becomes Lady Cleveland. However, Lord Clevelend dies very soon, and Nancy hasn't enough income to keep up the estates of Lord Cleveland in England."] ['Odile  meets a man named Franz  in an English language class. She has told him of a large pile of money stashed in the villa where she lives with her aunt, Mme. Victoria and a man named M. Stoltz in Joinville, a Parisian suburb. Franz tells his friend Arthur  of the money – and his nascent romance with Odile –\xa0and the two hatch a plan to steal it. Meanwhile, Franz and Arthur try to seduce Odile. Ultimately, Arthur wins Odile, and they spend the night together. Arthur\'s uncle learns of their plot and wants a cut of the money. Franz, Arthur, and Odile now must commit the robbery the night before they had planned, the night they knew M. Stoltz would be away from home. Moreover, Mr. Stoltz grows suspicious, and he hides the money and changes the locks. When they arrive, Franz and Arthur tie up Mme. Victoria and lock her in an armoire. They only find a small amount of cash in the house, and when they open the armoire, to interrogate Mme. Victoria about the rest of the money, they find that she is dead. Franz, Arthur, and Odile flee the scene at once, until suddenly, Arthur declares he will return to the home, to verify that Mme. Victoria is in fact dead. This is a ploy: Arthur knows where the rest of the money is hidden, and he plans take it for himself. But on the highway, Franz notices Arthur\'s uncle heading in the direction of the villa; he and Odile turn around to follow. There, they witness Arthur\'s being shot by his uncle and with his final breath, Arthur shoots his uncle in return. Moments later, M. Stoltz arrives, gathers his money strewn on the ground. Mme. Victoria –\xa0believed dead – suddenly rushes out of the house. Odile and Franz drive off with a small stack of money from the robbery. Odile, crestfallen, declares, "I\'m disgusted with life." The two decide to flee to South America, and the narrator declares his story has ended here, "like in a pulp novel," and promises a technicolor sequel chronicling Odile and Franz\'s tropical adventures.'] ['As a child, Bruce Wayne falls into a well, developing a fear of bats. Soon afterward, he witnesses his parents\' murder by mugger Joe Chill, leaving Bruce to be raised by the family butler, Alfred Pennyworth. Years later, Chill is granted parole in exchange for testifying against crime boss Carmine Falcone. Bruce, now a young man, intends to shoot him, but one of Falcone\'s assassins does so first. Rachel Dawes, Bruce\'s childhood friend and now an assistant district attorney, is disgusted by his desire for vengeance. As a result Bruce confronts Falcone, who berates him. Bruce decides to travel and learn about the criminal underworld, before becoming a criminal himself. In a Bhutanese prison, Henri Ducard offers to train him in the arts of stealth and fear as a member of the League of Shadows, led by Ra\'s al Ghul. After completing his training, Bruce learns the League\'s true intention is to liberate Gotham by destroying it. Bruce refuses and burns down the League\'s temple. Ra\'s is killed by falling debris, while Bruce saves an unconscious Ducard, leaving him with villagers. After meeting Alfred, Bruce returns to Gotham. Publicly posing as a playboy, he takes an interest in his family\'s company, Wayne Enterprises, a technology and defense conglomerate now run by the unscrupulous CEO William Earle. Bruce meets Lucius Fox, who introduces him to the company\'s prototype technologies, including an armored car and protective bodysuit. Taking these, Bruce finds an entrance to the cave under his well, confronts his fear of bats and creates a workshop, taking up the identity of "Batman". As Batman, he intercepts a drug shipment and provides Rachel with evidence to indict Falcone, empowering the honest Sgt. James Gordon and the Gotham police to arrest the previously untouchable Falcone. Meanwhile, a prototype water vaporizer is stolen from a Wayne Enterprises cargo ship. Back in Gotham, Falcone and his henchmen are declared mentally unfit for trial and transferred to Arkham Asylum by the corrupt Dr. Jonathan Crane, who had been using Falcone to import a dangerous hallucinogenic drug that causes severe psychosis. Crane exposes Falcone to the toxin while wearing a burlap mask, driving Falcone insane with fear of the "Scarecrow." While investigating Crane, Batman is also exposed to the drug and is rescued by Alfred and given an antidote by Fox. Rachel goes to Arkham, where Crane reveals that he has been dumping the toxin into Gotham\'s water supply before dosing her with it. She is rescued by Batman, who exposes Crane to the toxin and interrogates him. Crane reveals that the toxin is only dangerous if inhaled. Batman inoculates Rachel and gives her two vials of the antidote, one for Gordon and one for mass production. At his birthday celebration at Wayne Manor, Bruce is confronted by Ducard, who reveals himself to be the real Ra\'s al Ghul. Feigning drunkenness, Bruce kicks his guests out so they will be safe, leaving him alone with Ra\'s and his ninja. Ra\'s reveals the League\'s plan to destroy Gotham: having stolen the Microwave Emitter and conspired with Crane, they intend to vaporize the city\'s toxin-riddled water supply, creating mass hysteria and violence. The League sets fire to the mansion and Bruce is nearly trapped inside, but Alfred saves him at the last minute. As the League begins unleashing the toxin, Batman rescues Rachel from a drug-induced mob and reveals his true identity to her. He entrusts Gordon with the Tumbler and pursues Ra\'s, who is using Gotham\'s train system to deliver the weapon throughout the city. Batman confronts Ra\'s on the train and escapes just as Gordon uses the Tumbler to destroy the elevated tracks, leaving Ra\'s to die in the ensuing crash. Batman becomes a public hero, but simultaneously loses Rachel, who cannot bring herself to love both Bruce and Batman. Bruce buys a controlling stake in the now publicly traded Wayne Enterprises, fires Earle, and replaces him with Fox as the new CEO. Jim Gordon is promoted to Lieutenant, showing Batman the Bat-Signal and mentions a costumed criminal who leaves Joker playing cards at crime scenes. Batman promises to investigate this new criminal while disappearing into the night.'] ['Dora  divides her time between her work as a beautician, her policeman husband António , and her involvement in left-wing politics. The deus ex-machina of the story, Nelson , an unstable kid, makes them realize that what they have in the present is more valuable than what they reject from the past and desire for the future.'] ['The film follows the exploits of a group of swindlers, focusing on their aging leader Augusto, as they go about their "business," reaping both rewards and consequences. It is episodic, with scenes of various swindles  followed by scenes of the aftermath.'] ["The film focuses on a Liverpool street gang led by Johnny Murphy . When local Juvenile Liaison Officer Sergeant Truman  visits the Murphy household he becomes romantically involved with Johnny's sister .http://movies.msn.com/movies/movie-synopsis/violent-playground/ He also finds considerable points of similarity between his previous investigations into the activities of an arsonist known as the 'Firefly' and his investigation of Johnny Murphy. Cushing plays a local priest attempting to heal the social problems of the locality. In the final sequence, Murphy holds a classroom full of children hostage at gunpoint."] ['Flashbacks, told in reverse chronology and represented by black-and-white throughout the film , show Derek\'s transformation into a vengeful white supremacist in Venice Beach and then his turning away from his bigoted beliefs as well as other experiences while in prison. For the sake of ease, the following plot summary is described in chronological order. Having already been influenced by the latent racism of his bigoted firefighter father , Derek is driven to action when his father is shot and killed while fighting a fire in a suspected Compton drug den. Eventually Derek becomes second-in-command of a neo-Nazi street gang, The D.O.C. , and entices young whites to join. The gang commits acts of intimidation, such as damaging a store employing illegal Mexican immigrants which is owned by a Korean and challenging black players to basketball games to win the court as turf. These incidents go unnoticed by the family until Derek has an argument  with his mother\'s new boyfriend Murray , who is Jewish, and throws Murray out of the house. Later that night, while Derek is having sex with his equally white supremacist girlfriend Stacey , Danny informs Derek that three Crips members are attempting to steal Derek\'s truck, left to him by his father. Derek runs outside and shoots at two of the men with a pistol, killing the first one instantly. He shoots and wounds the second man, one of the black basketball players, and vows to "teach him a lesson" for trying to steal the truck his father gave him. He forces him to put his mouth on the curb, then brutally kills him by stomping on the back of his head, crushing his mouth against the curb. Danny watches in horror as this unfolds. The police arrest Derek as he smiles at a shocked Danny. After being convicted of voluntary manslaughter, Derek is sentenced to three years at the California Institution for Men in Chino.Whitty, Stephen. "Down by Law." Entertainment Weekly. April 9, 1999. Retrieved on September 27, 2010. "The 25-minute black-and-white flashback begins with Norton waking up in Chino, angry and uncowed;" Danny later notes that if he had testified in Derek\'s case, he would have been given a life sentence. In the prison, he joins the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang. After about a year, he becomes disillusioned with the gang, especially over the group\'s friendly dealings with a Mexican prison gang member, and their trafficking in narcotics. When he voices these opinions, he is first ignored and then reprimanded by the other white supremacists. Derek also develops a friendly rapport with black prison inmate Lamont  who works with him in the prison laundry. His fellow neo-Nazis take notice of this and savagely beat and rape him in the shower. While still recovering from the attack, Derek is visited by his black former English teacher Dr. Bob Sweeney , whom he asks for help to be paroled. Although Derek became an anti-Semitic neo-Nazi, he had always maintained a level of respect for his black former teacher. Sweeney informs him of Danny\'s continued involvement with neo-Nazis, and that he is on the same path as his older brother. Sweeney confides in Derek that he used to hate white people as a youth, but he realized that racism is pointless. Sweeney asserts that Derek has spent his life pursuing answers, and then asks: "Has anything you\'ve done made your life better?" This proves a turning point for Derek, who further distances himself from the Aryan Brotherhood and changes his outlook on life. Lamont emerges as Derek\'s only true friend in prison, and is part of the reason Derek stays alive as he uses what influence he has to persuade a contingent of the other black prisoners not to attack Derek. The morning Derek is due to be released from prison, Danny\'s history teacher, Murray, reports Danny to the now-principal Dr. Sweeney on account of Danny\'s history paper on Mein Kampf. Dr. Sweeney convinces Murray to give him another chance. Dr. Sweeney tells Danny that he will no longer attend Murray\'s class, instead being taught history by himself, a class they will call "American History X". For their first lesson, Dr. Sweeney asks Danny to write a new paper on the events leading up to Derek\'s incarceration. Danny reluctantly agrees after Sweeney threatens expulsion. In the evening, when Derek returns home, he finds that Danny has a D.O.C. tattoo and then tries and fails to persuade him to leave the gang. Later that night, at a neo-Nazi party which Derek and Danny are both attending , Derek confronts and tells the leader, Cameron Alexander , that he will no longer associate with him and the gang and tells him to "Stay away from me and Danny", at which point Cameron provokes and insults Derek. Derek beats him up and finally, kicks him in the head, which knocks him unconscious before leaving his office. During an ensuing confrontation, Derek\'s neo-Nazi friend Seth Ryan  runs after Derek and aims a pistol at him, which Derek wrestles from him, and points at the angry crowd before running away from the party. Danny angrily confronts Derek, who tells him about his time and transformation in prison. The confession seems to prompt a change in Danny. Back at their home they remove all the Nazi and white power posters from their bedroom walls. The following morning Danny finishes his paper, and Derek gets ready for a meeting with his parole officer. Derek walks Danny to school before his meeting, and on their way they stop at a café where they are met by Dr. Sweeney and a police officer. They tell Derek that Cameron and Seth were attacked the previous night and have been hospitalized. Derek claims no knowledge of the incidents, yet they ask him for help. Derek reluctantly agrees. At school, after Danny uses the urinal in the bathroom, he is confronted by a young black student named Little Henry, with whom he had a confrontation the previous day. The student pulls out a gun and shoots Danny in the chest, killing him. When Derek arrives, he runs into the bathroom and tearfully cradles his dead brother in his arms. The film ends with Danny narrating part of his paper, in which he quotes the conclusion of Abraham Lincoln\'s first inaugural address: "We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature."'] ["Vincent Day is a prosecutor who is on the fast track to success. When a man he zealously prosecuted all the way to the electric chair is found innocent, he becomes distressed and quits his job. At the suggestion of a friendly bartender, he decides to switch teams and become a defense attorney specializing in the representation of gangsters and other unsavory people. He will use any tactic to get his clients acquitted, up to and including drinking a slow-acting poison from a bottle of evidence to prove that the substance isn't lethal. The jury acquits the man not knowing that immediately after, Day rushes into a Mob doctor's office for a pre-arranged stomach pump. Celia Farraday is a young secretary recently arrived in the city from a small town in Kentucky. When Day makes play for her, she spurns his advances, loyal to her fiance, Johnny. When the fiance is framed for a crime committed by one of Day's clients, Day's affection for Celia not only prompts Day to defend Johnny by implicating his client in the crime, but to reconsider his life of getting criminals out of jail sentences. However, his associates send him a message that his departure will not be allowed. He lets them know that he has all of their secrets in a safe-deposit box, along with instructions for the bank to forward the contents to the District Attorney in the event of his unnatural death. They call his bluff and he is shot while leaving his office to attend Celia's wedding. On the way to the hospital, he tells his faithful secretary that the criminals were wrong to call his bluff and that the information will be on the way to the DA. The movie leaves it ambiguous whether Day, shot several times, will survive his wounds."] ['Mike Battaglia, a powerful lieutenant in the D’Amico crime family, executes a large-scale hit on the family\'s enemies, earning a promotion to caporegime and the undying respect of his boss, godfather Charlie D\'Amico. Despite the Don\'s generosity, however, Battaglia secretly resents D\'Amico for passing him over as his successor. At the instigation of Ruthie, his wife, Battaglia murders D\'Amico and has his sons shipped off to Florida, clearing the way for him to assume control of the D\'Amico family. He becomes an underworld despot, deciding to kill anyone he suspects as a threat to his power, including former ally Bankie Como and his unconnected son, Philly, who survives an assassination attempt. At his coronation as boss, a drunken Battaglia alienates two more of the mob\'s powerful soldiers. Afraid that Battaglia\'s reign will spell the end of the D\'Amico family, several of Battaglia\'s underlings desert him and ally themselves with D\'Amico\'s eldest son, Mal. Battaglia puts a hit out on his chief rival, Matt Duffy, but the assassins cannot find him, instead murdering his wife and children. Determined to get revenge, Duffy comes to kill Battaglia, who arrogantly proclaims that "no man of woman born" can harm him. Duffy responds that he was delivered via caesarian section, and therefore was not technically born of a woman. Disposing of Battaglia, he clears the way for Mal to assume control of the family.'] ["While staking out his next assignment, the innocent girlfriend of his notorious boss, contract killer Malik  reflects on the dark path he's chosen but cannot escape. Torn between his sense of duty and his newfound sense of humanity, he finds that the only way out is a perilous showdown with men who are every bit as cold-blooded as he is."] ['Due to a miscarriage of justice Willis Newton  was in prison. Afterwards he worked on a farm and was in love with the owner\'s daughter. Their marriage was confounded when her father was informed that Willis had been a convict. Willis returns to his family\'s land and tells his mother how the farmer offered him to stay as a mere worker. Still upset he craves for a chance to escape poverty and goes to town. Willis meets with two criminals named Slim and Glasscock in a western saloon. The proprietor is an Indian chief who got rich when oil was found on his land. Word is the chief would not have even been allowed to enter the saloon as a guest before that. Thus Willis learns that social climbing is possible for him too if only he happens to get to a lot of money somehow in the first place. Now he will collect a great deal of money by robbing banks until he can purchase an oil well. Slim persuades Willis and Glasscock to carry out a bank robbery in broad daylight. Slim is caught when all three of them try to escape on horseback while the sheriff chases them in a car. Willis and Glasscock later find a bank director who buys the looted war bonds and sells them information on plenty of other banks. Henceforth Willis and Glasscock rob banks at night and get away by car. Glasscock turns out being an expert for nitroglycerin. Willis talks his brothers into supporting him. He tells them that bankers are the worst crooks at all and subsequently robbing their money would only mean that little thieves stole from big thieves. He also says all banks were insured anyway and the insurance companies ought to be thankful because they couldn\'t sell any insurances if there wasn\'t a bank robbery every now and then. The Newton Gang is very prolific and some bankers prove to be the crooks Willis takes them for because they exaggerate their losses. Subsequently the insurance companies force banks to invest in enhanced safes. The new safes withstand nitroglycerin. Consequently the Newton Gang goes to Toronto and ambushes a cash transport in broad daylight. Despite an elaborate plan many things go awry and the gang members can scarcely escape. Willis decides to become "legal". The oil spring Willis purchased is a huge setback that costs him nearly all his money. In his despair he goes as far as telling his wife that God didn\'t want him to be "legit". After that he is easily lured into another criminal endeavour. He gets very enthusiastic about a train robbery at night. Unfortunately Glasscock is not as good with a gun as he was with nitroglycerin. He confuses Dock Newton with a guard, panics and shoots him. Willis needs to bring his wounded brother to a doctor and this undertaking eventually blows their cover. All Newton Brothers are finally arrested and sentenced.'] ['Myra Savage  is a medium who holds séances in her home. Her husband Billy , unable to work because of asthma and cowed by Myra\'s domineering personality, assists in her séances. Myra\'s life and psychic work are dominated by her relationship with the spirit of her son Arthur, who died at birth. At Myra’s insistence, Billy kidnaps the young daughter  of a wealthy couple , confining her in a room in the Savage home dressed as a hospital ward. Myra impersonates a nurse to deceive the girl into believing she is hospitalised. Myra insists she is "borrowing" the girl to demonstrate her psychic abilities to the police in helping them find her. Although they ask for a £25,000 ransom, they plan to return the money with the girl after Myra has become famous for helping find her. Myra\'s plan goes awry as her unsteady mental health begins to fray.Review, Time Out, LondonQNetwork review by James Kendrick She tells Billy to kill the girl, and he takes her into the woods and leaves her body under a tree. When the police ask Myra to conduct a séance to help them find the missing girl – as she had hoped they would – she breaks down during the séance and reveals, as if in a psychic trance, what she and Billy have done. Billy tells the police where he hid the ransom money and reveals that he did not kill the girl, but left her unconscious where she would be found by scouts camping nearby.'] ["A young cyclo rickshaw driver  pedals his cyclo through the crowded road of Ho Chi Minh City  in search for his next passenger. He inherited the cyclo from his late father, who died in a road accident while a truck hit him when he was driving the cyclo. His father did not want his son to take up his profession and desired him to live a better life than a cyclo driver. The cyclo driver's grandfather repairs tires despite his failing health, his younger sister shines shoes beside a restaurant along with other poor children and his older sister  delivers water to local grocery stores. Their poor but peaceful lives are jeopardized when the cyclo is stolen by a gang. The cyclo driver is beaten when he frantically chases after them. He pays a visit to his employer , a middle-aged woman, who dotes her mentally retarded adult son. Nowhere to go, he is forced to join the criminal dealing of her under the supervision of a brooding gang leader , who is also a poet. In his employers place the cyclo driver sees one of the men who stole his cyclo, but is thwarted by one of the accomplices of the poet. The poet detains him in a small room and he begins to get involved in organized crime starting small by destroying rice shipments, burning down a rival gang's cyclo garage, and trafficking drugs. Meanwhile, his older sister also comes under the influence of the poet and becomes a prostitute. They develop feelings for each other. She visits his house where he is beaten by his father, who is furious for the profession he has taken. The poet brings the cyclo driver to Mr. Lullaby, who kills a victim by slitting his throat while singing a lullaby. Ho Chi Minh City is hit by unrest as different gangs start fighting with each other. A helicopter inexplicably crashes on a busy city-street. The cyclo driver blinds one eye of the man who stole his cyclo, but manages to remain unseen by anyone. He pays another visit to his lady employer to pay a part of his debt, but she refuses and becomes busy with her retarded son who has covered himself with yellow paint. The poet assigns the cyclo driver the job of murdering a man. His two accomplices give him a gun and teach him how to kill their intended target. They also hand him a bottle of pills to reduce his anxiety, but warn him not to take too many. The poet and the cyclo driver's sister visit his childhood place. He leaves her in a nightclub with a client and she is abused by the man. Both the poet and the man realize their mistakes and the man tries to compensate by bribing the poet with a hefty sum of dollar. But the poet kills the man and then kills himself by setting fire to the room where he lives. Meanwhile, the retarded son of the lady is killed when he is hit by a truck. The cyclo driver takes two tablets of a drug, which he has received from the poet's accomplices. He becomes hallucinatory and fails to carry out the job of killing the man. Instead, he goes to the lady's apartment and covers himself with blue paint. The next morning, the lady sees him and is reminded of her deceased son. She releases him from the gang. The movie ends with the scene of the cyclo driver, still contemplating the memory of his father, driving his cyclo with his grandfather and his two sisters on it through a crowded road of Ho Chi Minh City."] ['{{plot}} Police Inspector Pascal Manise walks into a bar where he gets morphine from Freddy, a former dealer of Jacquillat, a drug lord. A phone call interrupts the conversation but it is very brief. Manise gives the drugs to his wife Agnès Manise, who has been addicted for 20 years but has never had to buy her own fixes because her husband provides her with them. Agnès tells Manise that her friend Cécile Coste has invited them to a party he does not want to go but concedes when she agrees to buy him a suit. In the meantime the police is looking for Bruno Le Roux, a former leftist revolutionary who has escaped from prison, this means that they have to tail Jeanne Rivet, a colleague of Agnès in the same high school where they work as teachers. In their search for Le Roux they also go to the house of Mme. Guiot, the mother of Jean-Jean, a former associate of Le Roux\'s, she tells them that he has gone to look for a job out of the city.  Later on that same day, Manise arrives home to find Agnès ready to leave for the party but he says that he cannot go and promises that he shall go the next time. That same night, while investigating the murder of a man , Manise is approached by Jacquillat, he lets Manise know that the murder can be pinned on Le Roux, they have an unsettled score consisting in a former association where the leaders of the People\'s Army  were arrested 15 years ago, the leaders think that it was Jacquillat who betrayed them but he denies it, it was someone else; Manise cannot turn his back on that information because the case is still open, but the reason Jacquillat tells him that is because he wants Le Roux killed during detention by the police, Manise refuses, therefore Jacquillat uses an ace in his sleeve: Pascal shall not receive any morphine for his addicted wife until he kills his man. Manise gets a call from Cécile: Agnès has fainted at the party, he takes her home and shoots her up himself with the last fix he has, she apologizes and dozes off. The next day Manise takes part in a school debate regarding drugs, he plays the tough cop who is only concerned for the law, during the conversation, Dr. Colinet, a friend of the Costes, tells the class about alternatives for drug users such as substitute drugs. After the debate, Cécile asks Manise to tail her husband Alain Coste, because he has been hiding something from her. He asks for a photo and inquires if he was ever involved in politics before they married or at the university, she denies it. Manise investigates Alain but seems more interested in Cécile, he checks the files on the People\'s Army and he concludes that Alain is clean other than having a few speeding tickets. He cuts him off the photo and keeps the half with Cécile on it. Manise is called, there has been a fire where the firemen have found lots of guns, in the ensuing investigation they conclude that it was Le Roux, he has left a bunch of evidence behind him and a neighbour gives a full description. The next day Pascal follows Alain who meets with a younger woman, but when he describes her to Cécile, she recognizes her own daughter, he must start all over again. In the meantime Agnès has been increasingly ill due to withdrawal sydrome, Manise has been watching from outside the apartment and even tries to score some dope from a colleague at the police station to no avail. He comes in and Agnès is desperate she asks him to buy some drugs from a dealer but he refuses: their understanding was the he would never buy drugs from a dealer. She tells him that he does not love her anymore, otherwise he would not have forgotten the morphine because she and drugs are one and the same. A call comes in: there has been a bomb attack in the Court House and all men are called in. Early the next day Manise has Jeanne arrested, while interrogating her she says nothing and has to keep her in isolation. Agnès is distressed because the students in the high school have gone on strike to protest for Jeanne\'s arrest, this is further aggravated by the fact that Agnès has been more than 24 hours without her drugs. Manise goes to Alain\'s office and poses as a member of the financial branch of the Police, he suggests that he is looking for evidence against Alain\'s questionable business but his PA does not believe him. Agnès confronts Pascal and tells her that she cannot face the pain anymore but Pascal sets his foot down and asks her to resist for 5 days without any drugs, she agrees and throws him out of the apartment. When walking out he runs into Cécile, she has come to ask him to stop his investigations on Alain, he tells her that he only wanted to compare the PA\'s hair to a sample that he found in Alain\'s Jaguar. Cécile gives Manise a ride to the Police Station. In the meantime Agnès has gone out looking for a fix, she tries to buy dope from Banane, a petty drug dealer, she is so desperate that she even offers sex in exchange for a score but he refuses. She attacks Banane but he gets the upper hand until he is stopped by a man who points a gun at him, the stranger allows Agnès to take all the drugs she wants and she goes into the street but finds that the Police have blockaded the entire neighbourhood, she throws all she has and escapes back to Banane\'s selling post. The man is furious to see her back but remains calm when she tells him about the Police. They stay and she figures out that the Police is looking for him, she offers her apartment to hide if he brings her in, her husband is a cop and no one shall look for him there. Back at the Police Station, Manise talks with Francis Rivet, husband of Jeanne, who is willing to make the necessary statements to get her out of jail, during this conversation it turns out that it was Francis who betrayed the People\'s Army to the Police and if Jeanne has been able to live her life is because the government has nothing on her. Pascal lets Jeanne go, he asks why none of Agnès\' friends shall talk to him, for the first time Jeanne answers and lets him know that it is because he is a cop. As she leaves, he catches up with her and offers to drive her home because he spotted a silver car that has been following him around. Manise confronts Jacquillat about his spies and demands that they stop following him and his witnesses. Jacquillat agrees, calls off his henchmen and inquires about Agnès, Manise is very distressed and offers some of his information in exchange for a fix but Jacquillat refuses and he reveals that Le Roux has been with his wife when they assaulted one of his dealers, they drive to his place. Meanwhile, Agnès is overdozing and is saved by the stranger that helped her to get the only fix she managed to save for herself. Manise walks in unnoticed on a conversation between the stranger  and his wife where he promises to get her the drugs she needs, Manise hides as Le Roux takes Agnès to her bed. Manise tells Jacquillat that Le Roux was not there and even offers to pay for the morphine but Jacquillat refuses and leaves. Manise spends the night in his car outside the Costes\' house where he sees Alain and Cécile drive off to the train station, he notices that Alain walks into the train station and comes out again and takes a taxi. Agnès wakes up and finds that she cannot remember most of yesterday, she gets ready to leave for school and arranges with Le Roux, who poses as Pierre, to meet at a parking lot later that day. Pascal, having lost track of Alain, goes to the hospital where Dr. Colinet works, he runs into him at the parking lot, where he inquires about the alternative treatment that he spoke about earlier, but it turns out that the doctor only mentioned a theory. Once in school, the faculty is having a celebration for Jeanne\'s liberation. Agnès asks Cécile to borrow her car and tells her that she met someone and wants to use her chalet for a romantic rendez-vous. Cécile is bewildered and reluctantly gives her keys to her car and the chalet. Agnès makes copies of the keys and goes to the parking lot where she meets with "Pierre", they drive to the chalet where they have breakfast. She asks "Pierre" if he got her some dope but he says that so far he has nothing, she becomes angry and leaves but he stops her and offers an explanation of his actions, she refuses to know and tells him that word are just words, actions are what count. She drives back but stops in the middle of the road and ponders on how low she has sunk. Back at the police station, Dr. Colinet reports Alain\'s disappearance. On a hunch, Manise parks in front of Claire\'s  place and sees them walk into the house. Back at her place, Agnès learns the truth about Le Roux in the radio news; Manise confronts her about her relationship with Le Roux and finally lets her know: as long as Le Roux is alive, she shall have no drugs. When asked about Le Roux\'s whereabouts she refuses to tell him, he unwittingly lets her know about all his known safe-houses and the stake outs that have been set up for him. As Manise walks out he spots the silver car again and manages to get the driver into his trunk, he drives off to a car stop far away from the city and tells the henchman that Jacquillat leave him and his friends alone, the henchman tells him that accidents happen all the time, Manise is enfuriated and hits the man with his gun and leaves. That night Agnès steals Cécile\'s car with the copies that she made and goes to the chalet looking for Le Roux but he is not there. She leaves a note explaining that he should avoid his known hide outs. She then drives around the city and frustrates the stake outs. Olivier, a friend of Pascal\'s, tells her to avoid going to a public square where there has been a shoot out, most probably linked with Le Roux. She goes there and sees Manise investigating the many deaths of innocent by-standers but sees that Le Roux is still alive. Manise drives to Cécile Coste\'s place and tells her that Alain is at Claire\'s, they drive there but she has found nothing, he spots a man spying on them and he runs to him, he presses his gun against his head and tells him that the next time he will shoot, Cécile asks him to let him go, the man is Claire\'s boyfriend. Back in his car he confesses to Cécile that Agnès\' dealer has been blackmailing him, she understands and asks him to drive her to her chalet. She walks in but comes back out after a very shot while, before they get in his car he tells her that he loves her and she slaps him in the face. He leaves. Manise goes to the hospital and asks Dr. Colinet for morphine but the doctor refuses and demands that he leaves despite his physical threats. Back in his place he talks with Agnès and she tells him that he does not love her anymore because he cannot stop her pain. Someone calls at the door, he opens, it is Jeanne, she has come to tell him about Le Roux\'s whereabouts. Manise goes to Jacquillat\'s and tells him where to find Le Roux, as the henchmen leave, he calls on his radio to the police and lets them know where to find him too. Manise has received a bunch of drugs from Jacquillat, which he takes to Agnès, seeing the drugs, she concludes what became of Le Roux and calls Manise a bastard. She is about to inject herself with the drugs but stops at the last minute and tosses all her drugs.  Manise arrives at Le Roux\'s hide out and sees that Olivier has been injured and that Le Roux escaped. Olivier dies in the hospital, he tries to tell the widow but cannot do it. He goes back home and finds Agnès on her couch, he kisses her and she tells him that it is over, that she needs nothing anymore. Manise is puzzled and walks out into the streets, she follows closely, they end up going to a terrace overlooking the city, he pulls his gun out and seems that he will commit suicide, Agnés hugs him and tells him not to leave her alone. He presses the gun to the back of her head, she tells him that she still needs him, he lowers his gun and drops it.'] ['Go-nee has lost his entire savings, saved over a period of 5 years, at a gambling joint. While Go-nee drinks heavily, determined to throw away his life, he discovers that he was swindled by professional fraudulent gamblers, so-called ‘slickers’. To regain his money, Go-nee begins training to be the best slicker under a master of gambling, Mr. Pyeong. Go-nee becomes famous, wandering about different gambling places throughout the country with Pyeong. Moreover, Madam Jung who has never gotten along with Mr. Pyeong, begins to show interest in Go-nee…'] ['In 1979,<ref name Cowie | first  The Godfather Book | publisher  1997 | page  978-0-571-19011-9}}<ref name Lebo | first  The Godfather Legacy | publisher  2005 | page  978-0-7432-8777-7 }} Michael Corleone  is nearing 60 and wracked with guilt for his ruthless rise to power, especially ordering the murder of his brother Fredo. By now, he has mostly retired from the Mafia, leaving the Corleone family\'s criminal interests in the hands of enforcer Joey Zasa , and is using his tremendous wealth and power to restore his reputation via numerous acts of charity. Michael and Kay  have been divorced since 1960, and Michael gave her custody of their children, Anthony  and Mary . At a ceremony in St. Patrick\'s Old Cathedral, Michael is named a Commander of the Order of St. Sebastian. At a party following the ceremony, Anthony tells his father that he is going to drop out of law school to pursue a career as an opera singer. Kay supports his choice, but Michael disagrees, wishing that his son would either finish law school or join the family business, but Anthony refuses to have anything to do with his father\'s "legacy". Michael and Kay have an uneasy reunion, in which Kay tells him that Anthony knows the truth about Fredo\'s death. Meanwhile, Vincent Mancini , the illegitimate son of Michael\'s late brother Sonny, shows up at the party. He is embroiled in a feud with Zasa, who has involved the Corleone family in major drug trafficking and turned Little Italy into a slum. Michael\'s sister Connie  arranges a "sit-down" between Vincent and Zasa in Michael\'s study. The discussion erupts into a fight, in which Vincent bites Zasa in the ear. That night Vincent has a one-night stand with a journalist named Grace Hamilton . Two men armed with knives and a gun break in and try to kill him. Vincent kills them both, but not before learning that Zasa sent them. Michael is troubled by Vincent\'s fiery temper, but is nonetheless impressed by his loyalty, and agrees to take his nephew under his wing. Meanwhile, Michael busies himself with the biggest deal of his career: He has recently bought up enough stock in International Immobiliare, an international real estate holding company known as "the world\'s biggest landlord", to become its largest single shareholder, with six seats on the company\'s 13-member board of directors. He now makes a tender offer to buy the Vatican\'s 25% interest in the company, which will give him controlling interest. Knowing that Archbishop Gilday , who serves as head of the Vatican Bank, has run up a massive deficit, he negotiates a deal to pay $600 million to the Bank in exchange for the shares. The deal is quickly approved by Immobiliare\'s board. However, it must be ratified in Rome by Pope Paul VI, who is gravely ill. Without his word, the deal is in limbo. Don Altobello , an elderly New York Mafia boss and old friend of the Corleones , soon visits Michael, telling him that his old partners on the Commission want in on the Immobiliare deal. Michael, however, is adamant that the deal shall be untainted by Mafia involvement. A meeting is arranged, and Michael appeases most of the Mafia bosses with payoffs from the sale of his Las Vegas holdings. Zasa, however, gets nothing and declares that Michael is his enemy and storms out. Altobello tells Michael that he will try to reason with Zasa and follows close behind. Minutes later, a helicopter hovers outside the conference room and sprays it with submachine gun fire. Most of the other mob bosses are killed, but Michael, Vincent, and Michael\'s bodyguard, Al Neri ([[Richard Bright , escape. Back at his penthouse in New York, Vincent tells Michael that those mob bosses who escaped the massacre made deals with Zasa. Michael knows that Zasa was not the mastermind of the massacre due to Zasa\'s being "muscle" and not having the cunning to organize such a scheme. Vincent wants to kill Zasa, but Michael refuses. As he considers how to respond to the situation, he suffers a diabetic stroke and is hospitalized, but not before realizing Altobello is the traitor. As Michael recuperates, Vincent begins a romantic relationship with Mary and plots revenge against Zasa. Neri and Connie give Vincent permission to act. During a street festival hosted by Zasa\'s Italian American civil rights group, Vincent\'s men gun down Zasa\'s bodyguards. Vincent, disguised as a policeman on horseback, shoots Zasa dead. When Michael discovers this, he berates Vincent for his rashness. Michael also insists that Vincent end his relationship with Mary, because Vincent\'s involvement in the family\'s criminal enterprises puts her life in jeopardy. The family takes a vacation to Sicily in preparation for Anthony\'s operatic debut in Palermo. They stay at the villa of Corleone family friend Don Tommasino . Michael tells Vincent to speak with Altobello and tell him that he is planning to leave the Corleone family. Altobello supports the idea of Vincent\'s switching his allegiance, and introduces him to Don Licio Lucchesi , a powerful Italian political figure and Immobiliare\'s chairman. Michael realizes that the Immobiliare deal is an elaborate conspiracy among Lucchesi, Archbishop Gilday, and Vatican accountant Frederick Keinszig  to swindle him out of his money, and visits Cardinal Lamberto , the man favored to become the next Pope, to speak about the deal. Lamberto convinces Michael to make his first confession in 30 years, in which he tearfully admits to ordering Fredo\'s murder. Lamberto tells Michael that he deserves to suffer for his sins, but that his life could still be redeemed. Shortly after the meeting between Vincent and Lucchesi, Altobello travels to the small village of Montelepre, where he hires Mosca , a veteran hitman, to assassinate Michael. A few days later, Mosca and his son Lupe, disguised as priests, attempt to kidnap Don Tommasino and force him to allow them entry to his villa. Tommasino refuses, and Mosca kills him. While touring Sicily with Kay, who has arrived for Anthony’s operatic debut, Michael asks for her forgiveness. As they both admit that they still love each other, Michael receives word that Tommasino is dead. At Tommassino\'s funeral, Michael swears over his old friend\'s coffin to sin no more. After the death of Pope Paul VI, Cardinal Lamberto is elected Pope John Paul I, which means that the Immobiliare deal will likely be ratified. The new Pope\'s intentions come as a death knell to the plot against the ratification of the Immobiliare deal, prompting frantic attempts by the plotters to cover their own tracks. Vincent tells Michael that he has learned from Altobello of Mosca\'s plot on his life. Michael sees that his nephew is a changed man, and makes him the new Don of the Corleone family. In exchange, Vincent agrees to put an end to his relationship with Mary. The family travels to Palermo to see Anthony perform the lead in Pietro Mascagni\'s Cavalleria rusticana, a tale of murderous revenge in a Sicilian setting. Meanwhile, Vincent exacts his own revenge: * Keinszig is abducted by Vincent\'s men, who smother him with a pillow and hang him from a bridge to make his death look like a suicide. * Don Altobello, also attending the opera, eats poisoned cannoli that his goddaughter Connie gives him. He dies as Connie watches sadly from her box. * Al Neri travels to the Vatican, where he shoots Archbishop Gilday. * Finally, Calò  meets with Don Lucchesi at his office, claiming to bear a message from Michael. As he pretends to whisper the message to Lucchesi, Calò stabs him in the throat with his own glasses. The killings are too late to save the Pope, however. Just hours after he approves the Immobiliare deal, the Pope drinks poisoned tea provided to him by Archbishop Gilday and soon dies in his bed. Mosca, still disguised as a priest and armed with a sniper rifle, descends upon the opera house during Anthony\'s performance, killing three of Vincent\'s men and preparing to shoot his target from a box, but the opera ends before he has the chance to pull the trigger. The assassin retreats to the opera house façade\'s staircase and tries to shoot Michael there. At the same moment, Mary confronts her father about the forced break-up with Vincent. Mosca fires twice, wounding Michael and accidentally killing Mary. Vincent then shoots him dead. As Kay and Connie weep, Michael cradles Mary\'s body in his arms and screams in agony. The scene dissolves to a short montage of Michael\'s memories of all the women he has lost, composed of scenes with Mary, Kay, and his first wife, Apollonia. The film ends with Michael, an old man, sitting in the garden of Don Tommasino\'s Sicilian villa. He slumps over in his chair, falls sideways to the ground, and dies alone, apart from his dog.'] ["The film follows the fortunes of a 17 year old, Del  and his group of friends. As the film opens four youths  are seen breaking into a cafe in Stratford, East London, but they only get away with about ninepence and some cake, and it is clear that they are hardly master criminals. Back at their hut on waste ground they mention Jo , known as 'Bronco Bullfrog' , who has just got out of Borstal. Once Del and Roy  meet Jo in a caff, they link up with him to carry out a bigger robbery. Meanwhile Del meets Irene , a friend of a cousin of Chris', and they start a relationship, despite the disapproval of Irene's mother and Del's father. The remainder of the film follows Del and Irene as they attempt to escape their dead-end lives."] ['Marat  is a chauffeur who, following a traffic accident, finds himself in debt. When his baby becomes ill, he agrees to murder a journalist in order to earn some money.{{cite web}}'] ["Fai , a legendary triad figure, was convicted and sent to prison for life, for slaughtering rival gangsters in a gang fight. A local council member assisted him with paroling, leading to his subsequent early release from prison 30 years later. Mongkok has, however, completely changed and he has almost forgotten his way back home. Fai's fellow gangster Porky  is due to take over as head of their triad gang after years of service, but his personality is deemed unsuitable as a leader. Another member in the gang, Peter, also has interests set in becoming the leader. It becomes apparent that both Porky and Peter may be using Fai as a pawn in their game towards winning the grand prize. It emerged that on that fateful night 30 years ago, Fai was shot by a policeman, Yue, who is now a major figure within the police force because he had managed to shoot Fai and therefore ensuring his arrest. Yue turns out to be someone with his own agenda as well, but things are not always as they seem and there is a different story to be told. Meanwhile, Porky has unseemly interests in Pamela , a prostitute who became a love interest of Fai, as well as her younger sister, who is mentally disabled. Porky constantly makes crude sexual advances towards the sisters, only to have Fai rescue them on numerous occasions, which causes further friction between them. Fai, will he ever leave this city of Mongkok prison?"] ['Colin Diamond  is a successful car salesman who, after discovering his wife Liz is having an affair, has an emotional breakdown. His friends convince him to kidnap his wife\'s lover and then encourage him to torture and kill him. Diamond\'s partners in crime are suave homosexual gambler Meredith , crotchety and bigoted Old Man Peanut , the down to earth Archie  and the combustible Mal , who by turns encourage Colin\'s lust for revenge and sympathise with his situation, and conspire to emotionally and mentally torture Liz\'s new boyfriend, Loverboy, a "Frog" waiter, first by locking him in a cupboard and threatening him, and tying him up and subjecting him to humiliating verbal and physical assault. Parts of the story occur in flashback, with Colin discovering Liz\'s infidelity and the after effects of it, which then affect the present, in which he tries to come to terms with the shame and torment that this brings to him. Parts of the story also appear to happen inside Colin\'s mind, with him trying to reconcile with himself, using his friends as representations of his own turmoil, and his resolving of the situation.'] ['Ex-boxer Kevin "Kid" Collins is a drifter and an escapee from a mental hospital. He meets Fay Anderson, a widow, who convinces him to help fix up the neglected estate her ex-husband left. "Uncle Bud" talks them both into helping kidnap a rich boy for ransom money, and the ex-fighter must make decisions about his loyalties and what is right.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with a home video of the slaughter with a captive bolt pistol of a pig on a European farm. The video rewinds to play the slaughter in slow motion, which emphasizes the hand-held barrel against the pig\'s foreskull and the cartridge explosion. A party centered on a game called Pilot and Passengers is broken up by Georg and Anna, when they return home while the party is in progress. The host of the party, Eva, is their daughter who lives in another part of town and who has, it turns out in questioning of Benny after the incident, taken advantage of the planned absence of Georg and Anna to host the impromptu party in their home. While watching a newscast, Georg and Anna discuss the money Eva won in the pyramid scheme she was promoting at the party. In a locker room at school, Benny encourages his friends to take positions in his own Pilot and Passengers game.  While his parents are away for the weekend, Benny invites a girl  he has seen outside the local video store to his home.  He shows her the video of the pig slaughter, and they talk about the film. She: "Did you make this film? How was it, with the pig? I mean, have you ever seen a dead person--a real one, I mean?" Benny: "No. I once saw a TV program about the tricks they use in action films. It\'s all ketchup and plastic," and then he unveils and loads the slaughtering gun. He holds it against his chest, and dares the girl to discharge it. When she refuses, he calls her a coward . He holds it against her chest, and when he hesitates, she calls him a Feigling also. He fires the gun, and she falls. Her falling reveals a video monitor, on which we see her crawling away from Benny and completely out of frame, Benny running to reload the gun and returning to shoot her a second time, the girl crawling back partially into frame, Benny again reloading and firing, this time apparently at her head, and, finally, her body remaining still. During a choir practice of the Bach motet "Trotz dem alten Drachen,"http://www.answers.com/topic/jesu-meine-freude-motet-for-5-part-chorus-bwv-227-bc-c5 from "Jesu, meine Freude," BWV 227, J.S.Bach .Jesu, meine Freude Benny completes his pyramid scheme. Then at home again, with the weekend begun, Benny first covers the body, goes through her school bag,  arranges an evening out with friends, eats snacks, moves the girl\'s body to a closet, and cleans up the blood. Some of the cleanup is seen through a video monitor, while Benny edits a video of the experience. Benny goes out to a dance club and stays overnight at his friend\'s home, and, on his way home, goes to a cinema, window shops, and gets his hair shorn to the scalp. After his parents return, his father harangues Benny about his haircut, asking if Benny had any thought about how others would react to him now.  Later on, while the family is watching the news in Benny\'s room, Benny switches the signal to the video he has made, to the game of dares and the ensuing three shots. Benny reveals the body in his closet, and Georg removes the videotape, asks if anyone else knows about this, and through careful grilling finds that there are no witnesses. Clearly disturbed, the father and mother leave Benny\'s room, and Benny asks that the door be left open. In the living room, Georg lists—rather dispassionately—the options they have: either to alert the authorities, with a resulting judgment of parental neglect and placement of their son in a psychiatric institution, or to destroy the evidence. Anna urges—with understated passion after warnings from Georg not to fall apart—that any option chosen must be carefully followed to its end. Anna takes Benny on vacation to Egypt, and the ever-present video camera captures them both in their hotel, in the village, touring ancient tombs, watching sail-gliders at the beach, even a private moment of Anna in the bathroom. There are several phone calls from a booth in the post office, with Benny and Anna separately taking the phone. Benny seems barely affected by any recent past, and he seems unable to fathom why his mother breaks down in sobs at one point during the vacation. When they return home after six days, the apartment is clean of any trace of the girl. Georg, who had stayed at home, succeeded in cutting the body into small enough pieces to be flushed down the toilet or otherwise inconspicuously removed. That evening, Georg asks Benny "Why did you do it?" and the reply is, "I don\'t know. ...I wanted to see what it\'s like, possibly." Benny has no answer to Georg\'s question, "And what was it like?" On video, we see another Pilot and Passengers party, this time being hosted by Georg and Anna. In "life," we see Anna and Georg at a concert of the choir Benny is in. The choir sings: "Despite the ancient dragon, despite the gaping jaws of death, despite the constant fear, let the world rage and toss. I stand here and sing in perfect calm." On video, we see from the door of Benny\'s darkened bedroom, standing slightly ajar, and we hear faint voices discussing what to do. In life, a voice-over asks, "Why did you come to us now?" We see Benny being interviewed by policemen, and he answers merely, "Because." With no following questions, Benny asks, "Can I go now?" After the questioning, Benny meets Georg and Anna in the hall and, after a long moment, says merely, "Entschuldigung."'] 