["Former gangster Tae-sik is released from prison and heads back to his hometown to live in a small restaurant with a woman. Attempting to leave his past behind, he takes a job in a garage and tries to keep away from the local gangs, most of whom still live in fear of his brutal reputation. When a local politician wants to knock down his adoptive mom's restaurant to build a new shopping mall, Tae-sik struggles to avoid returning to a life of violence."] ['A painting belonging to Duchess Blanca is stolen from a castle in Spain by the clever Jim Bourne and his partner in crime, Eve Lewis. It is stolen from the thieves, however, by Dr. Munoz, the cousin of the duchess. Eve wants to go straight, but Munoz blackmails her and Jim, demanding they steal another valuable artwork from the Prado museum. A duplicate is created by Jean Marie Calbert and a switch is planned during the farewell bullfight of a matador whom the duchess intends to wed. Munoz shoots the matador. During the ensuing chaos, Jim and Eve switch the paintings. They also find Munoz dead, killed in vengeance by the duchess. Jim is brought to justice and sentenced to 10 years in prison. Eve vows to wait for him.'] ["Blair plays Shawn, a suicidal loan officer at a bank. She is having an affair with the bank vice-president, who is married; after discovering that his wife is pregnant, she goes to the roof to kill herself. In the meantime bank robbers hijack an armored car. When the police arrive to break up the robbery, one of the robbers, Charlie Anders , takes Shawn hostage. They make a deal: she will help him escape if he promises to kill her afterwards. As poetic justice, the bank vice-president was a collaborator in the robbery but is arrested. The film begins at the moment when Shawn and Charlie jump into the water, then jumps back to 24 hours earlier. In the scenes when Charlie and Shawn are hiding out near his boat, you can see the clock moving backwards.  Two detectives, young Agent Reed, played by Lochlyn Munro, and the older Agent McGinley, played by O'Neal Compton, are trying to solve the case. McGinley's wife keeps calling to nag. Reed is extremely knowledgeable about suicide because his sister killed herself. Two robbers: young Billy, played by Brendan Fehr, and the older Jason Thompson, played by Tom Heaton. Thompson is expecting to die, either from a life of debauchery or a bad prostate."] ['Jesse  and Frank James  ride with their gang into Northfield, Minnesota for a raid. While robbing a bank, gun fighting breaks out and two of the gang are killed. The James Brothers and another gang member head out of town and hide out while investigators from the Remington Detective Agency search for James to receive a $30,000 reward. While the three are hiding, the film tells the story of how the James Brothers came to be criminals in flashback.'] ['The Rose Technique revolves around the life of an off-beat psychiatrist who wants to join the crazy world of daytime TV. She signs a contract with a school and becomes a teacher, but a student tries to prove that she is no angel. Strange things happen while the psychiatrist Doctor Lillian Roses is around.'] ['The film begins aboard a luxury aircraft as Dr. Gropinger   travels on a goodwill tour. He misplaces his diary and is thrown into a panic as, without the diary, he no longer knows where he is or is supposed to be next. Stepping off the plane, he is shot dead after extending erroneous greetings to a congregation of Arabs. Soon after, the U.S. President  receives a threatening letter signed only "Moriarty", claiming responsibility for the death. The letter also claims Moriarty has set in motion a plan that will allow him to gain control of the world. The president dispatches a top agent to London to work with the world\'s top law enforcement officials and find a strategy to combat Moriarty. Headed by an incompetent Englishman , the committee settles on contacting the "present-day" Sherlock Holmes . He is enrolled by the Commissioner of Police  to lay plans for the capture of the descendant of Moriarty before he gains control of the world. Holmes reveals himself to be a great eccentric, with an affinity for certain addictive drugs . He is accompanied by the descendant of Doctor Watson , both a medical doctor and utter fool. Unfortunately, the commissioner is murdered before leaving the Holmes\' residence, his death mainly the result of Watson\'s rampant stupidity. The duo then proceed to Scotland Yard to discuss the situation with the committee. Before any plans can be made, much of the committee is murdered by a distant sniper. Without their help, Holmes dreams up a plan to invite all of the great detectives in the world to a party, with the hope of discovering the true identity of Moriarty. He reasons that Moriarty will be unable to pass up a chance at attacking all of them in one fell swoop. Many fictional detectives are parodied and handed gruesome deaths while Holmes and Watson wait in a suite. The murderer is revealed to be none other than an exact copy of Watson. Due to Watson\'s ineptitude and the impersonator\'s great skill in deception, Holmes is faced with a quandary in determining the real culprit .'] ["With the storyline based primarily on the first game in the Ace Attorney series , the series' signature style is combined with a courtroom drama. Rookie defense attorney Phoenix Wright strives to protect his clients in various murder trials, including the death of his mentor, Mia Fey and the accusation of rival prosecutor, Miles Edgeworth. Wright's greatest ally is Mia's younger sister Maya Fey, a spirit medium whose body is possessed by Mia to communicate with him. Wright is later given the task of solving the DL-6 case, a murder that has not been solved for 15 years. He will also go against Manfred von Karma, a prosecuting attorney who has not lost a case in 40 years. Sci-fi elements are also used, such as characters bringing up holographic images of evidence during trials.http://kotaku.com/5857353/could-phoenix-wright-be-the-first-truly-great-game-movie/gallery/1  In the original game, there were four cases in total, namely: The First Turnabout, Turnabout Sisters, Turnabout Samurai, and Turnabout Goodbyes. The film however, only focuses primarily on Turnabout Sisters and Turnabout Goodbyes with slight differences in plot. The beginning of the film showed Phoenix Wright participating in The First Turnabout with Miles Edgeworth participating in Turnabout Samurai concurrently. This is different from the game, whereby Turnabout Samurai takes place a few weeks after The First Turnabout. In addition, Phoenix Wright was not the defending attorney in Turnabout Samurai, instead the defending attorney was played by a miscellaneous character in the film. For the Turnabout Sisters segment of the film, there were numerous differences. Firstly, in the game the eyewitness was April May, however in the film the eye-witness was Redd White. The segment also excluded numerous details from the game, including the series of events with regards to the DL-6 Incident that took place outside of court were all not portrayed. Following that, during Turnabout Goodbyes, White was to be called upon by Wright as a witness in a trial unfortunately White was poisoned in jail. In the game, there was no mention about White following his arrest in Turnabout Sisters. For the DL-6 Incident, the murder of Gregory Edgeworth did not take place in a lift like in the game, rather it took place in the court's evidence room. In the game, Yanni Yogi was just an innocent Baliff who happened to be in the lift at the same time as the Edgeworths, but in the film Yogi was confronting Gregory Edgeworth in the evidence room who was trying to illegally retrieve evidence."] ["Chakra Dhari  wants to be a famous film director. But he's so broke he's even borrowed money from his landlady, Mrs. Mehta . Opportunity knocks when Tiku Sheth , an NRI from Japan, enters Chakra Dhari's life. He learns that Tiku Sheth is a huge fan of a popular actress known as Barkha Rani . In order to get financial assistance from Tiku seth Chakra Dhari asks Barkha Rani to help him. They go to Japan to shoot the film, Mrs. Mehta's son Rocky  is selected as the hero. Bakha Rani's list of admirers grows as the shooting progresses. Babu Bhai  the cameraman and choreographer Pawan  fall for Barkha Rani. The situation gets more complicated when Rocky gets involved with a drug lord called Banga ."] ["In his remote hideaway in the Chinese province of Gansu, the evil Fu Manchu  plots the death and downfall of his arch rival, Inspector Nayland Smith of Scotland Yard, as the first step in his plan to become leader of the world's most terrible criminals."] ["The main character is Alex Trambuan (played by [[Peter O'Brian , known to his friends as Rambu, is a lone vigilante and former police officer who takes revenge on the gang who killed his wife. The movie starts off with two gangsters driving recklessly down a road hitting an old woman. The two gang members get out the car, having a go at her until Rambu comes along with a baseball bat, smashing the car windows forcing the gangsters to pay the old woman. Rambu's wife wants Rambu to stop sorting other people's problems out. The gangsters from the first scene find out who Rambu is and plan attacks on him at various times, but fail each time. Eventually they turn on Rambu's wife and kill her. After the murder of his wife, Rambu desperately seeks revenge and hunts down the leader of the gang, Mr. White . Rambu gets invited by his employer, Mr. Andre, to a city council meeting where Mr. White and his gang also turn up. Rambu then finds out that Mr. Andre works for Mr. White, therefore angering Rambu who smashes the food hall with a crowbar. Rambu then gets held at gunpoint and gets taken prisoner by the gang. Subsequently Rambu gets locked up in a cell for days of torture but gets set free by Mr. White's former wife Clara. After Clara rescues Rambu, she lets him escape, and is subsequently cornered and killed by Mr. White and his gang. Rambu later returns to the Mr. White's gang territory and declares war on the gang members. He breaks into the territory by cutting through barbed wires, enters Mr. White's living room holding a gang member hostage with a knife. White, however, shoots him and escapes with Mr. Andre while sounding the alarm calling the other gang members out to kill Rambu. Rambu then steals various weapons from a cabinet and fights off the gangs. Eventually he corners White and Andre in a warehouse, forcing him to drink a whole bottle of Rum instantly, and firing a machine gun madly, but doesn't kill them. Instead, Rambu lets the police deal with Mr. White and Mr. Andre and reveals them to the public for what they really are. The movie now ends with Rambu escaping the gangland and shortly thereafter meeting up with the police."] ['Just released from prison, Siddharth Roy , a once famous writer, completes a new manuscript. He re-engages with the outside world, hoping that the new book will restore his reputation and also reconcile him with his estranged wife, Maya. Fate has other plans for Roy, when his briefcase gets exchanged at a cyber café with a similar briefcase containing a large sum of money. Roy looses the only copy of his new manuscript, while Mohan, the cyber café manager, comes under pressure from mob bosses to recover the lost money. In the midst of growing despair about the lost manuscript, Roy is reconciled with his three year old son through a scheming housemaid. Unable to find happiness in the money he has found Roy begins to desire the custody of his son. Meanwhile the pressure mounts on Mohan as he looses his job and is forced to go into hiding from the mob. He must find Roy and money at any cost. Based on the ancient text of the Rig Veda, the film explores the theme of renunciation  as the true path to enlightenment and freedom.'] ['Return of Mr. Superman is the one of two 1960 Indian movies based on the superhero, the other simply titled Superman. Despite the same actor playing Superman in each film, they were both completely separate tellings of the Superman saga put out by production companies . Return of Mr. Superman begins with a farmer who witnesses the crash of a strange aircraft. Out crawls a little boy who the farmer and his wife adopt as their own. The boy grows up to become a newspaper reporter in the city and, unbeknownst to his co-workers, doubles as the flying hero when a group of smugglers arrive. Jairaj plays Superman and he does well enough, particularly when playing his mortal Kent Clark-like character. He was a leading man in the 1930s and 40s but looked young enough still to be playing the lead well into the 1960s. His superhero costume is made up of slacks, a heavy sweatshirt, a skull cap and goggles, looking more like someone getting ready for a mustard gas attack. The Lois Lane character, here named Usha, is portrayed by Sheila Ramani. Ramani had a promising start in Hindi films in the mid 50s playing the leading lady in Taxi Driver and NAUKARI , before her slide down into B movies with films like Mumtaz Mahal and Jungle King. By the early 1960s she had left films. Return of Mr. Superman is more a curiosity then a real entertainer. The plot is non-existent and the fight scenes are so poorly done as to be almost childish. Even the musical numbers are unmemorable. Special effects are rather crude, but of course that is part of the charm of Bollywood fantasy films.{{Cite news}}'] ["At the beginning of the film, D.M.C. is released from jail, at which time he returns to New York City with his band-mates, Run and Jam Master Jay. They are ready to schedule some gigs and kick-start their musical careers when things take a dark turn. Their friend Runny Ray, played by Raymond White has been murdered; this pulls the group into a seedy world of crime and violence. As they attempt to determine who is responsible for the murder, their own lives become endangered. However, the action is balanced with a series of musical performances by the stars and other late '80's hip-hop stars including Slick Rick and Beastie Boys."] ['When a vacationing couple in Tangiers run into an old friend there, they discover that he is searching for his missing girlfriend who has been kidnapped by an international gang of white slavers. Nader investigates but before he can come up with anything, his friend is murdered. Meanwhile, nightclub magician Price and his mentalist partner continue their nefarious activities—they hypnotize and kidnap young women for the white slavers, and spirit them to the "House of 1000 Dolls. Stars: Vincent Price as Felix Manderville, George Nader as Stephen Armstrong.'] ['Sandro, a detective, finds his wife strangled. His girlfriend Tiffany , who works as a photographer, makes a "Blow up" from a photo, what Sandro finds beside the victim. Sandro and Tiffany are looking for the woman on the photo, Laura . They found her in a night club in Rome.'] ["Officer Dave Brown  has two ex-wives who are sisters  and he cheated on both. Brown has a daughter from each marriage which creates conflict at home. However, the film starts with his other home, which is the beat. Dave patrols streets occupied by gangs. Dave forcibly obtains a confession out of a convenience store thief. Later he is caught on tape beating someone almost to death. The beating is still playing on TV when he's involved in a suspicious shooting. These incidents get Dave in trouble with the already beleagured department, and he faces either sanctions or forced retirement. Dave tries to talk his way out of trouble with an assistant district attorney . Dave realizes that his superiors are less concerned about what he has done but more concerned about the public embarrassment he has created by getting caught. {{cite web}} {{cite web}}"] ['The 1992-96 Siege of Sarajevo by the Bosnian Serb army, caused living conditions to deteriorate drastically for its inhabitants and, in 1993, the couple decided to flee the city. Having friends on all sides involved in the conflict, there was a general thought that their passage through the city and its infamous Sniper Alley, under constant fire from hills occupied by the Serbs, could be a safe one. An arrangement was made for 19 May 1993 at 17:00  that no one would fire as the couple approached. According to Dino Kapin, who was a Commander of a Croatian Unit allied at the time with Bosnian Army forces, around 17:00 hours, a man and a woman were seen approaching the bridge. As soon as they were at the foot of the bridge, a shot was heard, and according to all sides involved in their passage, the bullet hit Boško Brkić and killed him instantaneously. Another shot was heard and the woman screamed, fell down wounded, but was not killed. She crawled over to her boyfriend, cuddled him, hugged him, and died. It was observed that she was alive for at least 15 minutes after the shooting. Mark H. Milstein, the American photojournalist who made the haunting image of Admira and Boško which gave birth to Kurt Schork\'s article, recalled in an interview that "the morning of May 19 1993 had been pretty much a bust" for him as far as making photos were concerned. "Excessive Bosnian Army bureaucracy had kept us away from the front line," Milstein said. "After lunch, I hooked up with Japanese freelance TV cameraman and a Washington Times journalist." "Together," Milstein continued, "we cruised the city looking for something different. Everywhere we went in Sarajevo ended in frustration. Before calling it a day, however, we decided to check out the front-line around the Vrbanja Bridge." "There was a small battle going on, with Bosnian forces firing at a group of Serb soldiers near the ruins of the Union Invest building," he said. "Suddenly, a Serb tank appeared 200 meters in front of us, and fired over our heads," Milstein said. "We scrambled to the next apartment house, and found ourselves holed up with a group of Bosnian soldiers. One of the soldiers yelled at me to look out the window, pointing at a young girl and boy running on the far side of the bridge." "I grabbed my camera, but it was too late," Milstein said. "The boy and girl were shot down. Bosnian Muslim Admira Ismić and Bosnian Serb Boško Brkić, both 25. Their bodies remained in the no-man\'s land for nearly four days before being recovered. "I made two frames and afterwards, not knowing who they were or recognizing the significance of the event, returned to the Holiday Inn  to develop my film," Milstein said. "Later that night I told Kurt Schork what I had seen, and together with his translator began piecing together the information that would eventually result in the news story." Michael Hedges, the Washington Times reporter who was with Milstein that day, remembered events a bit differently from the time the three journalists made it to the building where Bosnian soldiers were exchanging fire with Serbs. "A Bosnian soldier motioned for me to look down and to the left, by the bridge. The couple lay together. It appeared they had been shot some time earlier, but I couldn\'t say whether it was minutes or hours earlier. I went back to the Holiday Inn and wrote an article that was published the next day in the Washington Times. That story, which began with an account of the deaths at the bridge, made it clear we had no idea which side had done the killing, that we only had the Bosnian soldiers\' word that it was Serb snipers. That evening, Kurt Schork came to my room, said he had seen Milstein\'s photos, and asked what I had seen. I showed him a copy of my article, and confirmed the location of the killings. The next day, he developed much more of the story, and through his work it became a symbol of the senseless violence as well as a tale that captured people\'s imagination." To this date, it is not known with certainty who fired the shots. The bodies of Admira and Boško lay on the bridge for days since no one dared to enter the Sniper Alley, a no man\'s land, and recover them. As the bodies lay on the bridge, the Serbs and Bosniaks argued over who killed the couple and who would ultimately take the responsibility for the killing. After eight days, the bodies were recovered by Serb forces in the middle of the night. However, it was later revealed that the VRS forced Bosnian POWs to go there in the middle of the night and recover the bodies. The two are now buried together, side by side in Lion Cemetery, surrounded by thousands of other victims from the Serbian Siege of Sarajevo.'] ['Hard-drinking female detective Yukihira Natsumi  has the best record in the police force, but her independent personality and penchant to not go by the book has alienated her from colleagues, while her obsession with work has already cost her her marriage and custody of her eight-year-old daughter. Natsumi has no time for misgivings when there is crime to be fought. She is forced to reconsider everything she knows, however, when terrorists take over the hospital where her daughter is being treated. http://cgi.ebay.com.au/Unfair-The-Movie-Japanese-Movie-With-Eng-Sub_W0QQitemZ130356528018QQcmdZViewItemQQptZAU_Movies_Movies_TV_Shows?hash=item1e59dac392'] ['Wanda, after a string of abusive relationships, abandons her family and seeks solace in the company of a petty criminal ([[Michael Higgins .'] ["This film has a strikingly different storyline. It tells the tale of George , Rishin  and his wife Mayuri . When George takes up a contract killing assignment from Rishin, he doesn't know his target and client are the same person. Rishin is a schizophrenic who wants himself dead. On realising this, George is torn between his professional ethics and a genuine concern for a fellow human being. Things get complicated when George comes to know Rishin's wife Mayuri is his ex-girlfriend. Mayuri tries to convince him against killing her husband. Meanwhile George and Rishin have also bonded over a common passion, music. The film explores the dynamics of this complex scenario."] ['In year 689 of the Tang Dynasty, Wu Zetian  is about to be crowned the first Empress in China despite opposition from Tang officials. To mark this occasion, she is having a colossal Buddha figure built overlooking her palace. However an official inspecting the Buddha\'s progress mysteriously erupts into flames. Pei Donglai , an officer in the penal system, and his superior investigate and interrogates the supervising builder a man named Shatuo who was imprisoned and lost his hand after he took part in a rebellion 8 years ago. Pei\'s superior catches fire soon after in the palace courtyard in front of the Empress as she is overseeing her palace guards. The Empress and her attendant Shangguan Jing\'er  receive a message from the Chaplain , who speaks through a magical deer. He says that Di Renjie , who was jailed eight years ago after leading a rebellion against Wu, must be the one to solve the mystery of the fire. When Jing\'er goes to fetch Di from prison, they are attacked by assassins. Wu returns to Di his position as the royal detective, and charges him with solving the case of the phantom flame. She assigns Jing\'er as his assistant to keep an eye on him. While staying at an inn, Jing\'er tries to seduce Di on the Empress\'s orders but they end up facing more assassins. Di meets Prince Li, who is against Wu becoming Empress. Li tries to persuade Di to lead another rebellion: Di refuses. The next day Pei, who has been promoted, takes Di and Jing\'er to inspect the charred remains of the officials and sees that a caged bird that was struck by one of the assassin\'s arrows the night before has caught on fire. Di finds that the arrows the assassins used contain a poison that ignites upon contact with sunlight, which was used to kill the two officials. Pei joins Di in his investigation. During a visit to the Buddha, Di reunites with his friend Shatuo . Shatuo reveals that he suspects a chemical made by insects called "fire beetles," maybe have been used to create the igniting poison. He points Di to a man called Donkey Wang, who is hiding in a partly submerged network of caverns called the Phantom Bazaar. Pei orders Shauto arrested for not telling him of this connection when he interrogated him before, but Di waves off the order saying that he can trust his old friend. Di, Pei, and Jing\'er find Wang at the Phantom Bazaar, however they are pursued by a figure who seems to be the Chaplain. Jing\'er denies this and goes after him. Pei follows to help her but chases the figure out of the caves into the Infinity Monastery, the Chaplain\'s residence. Intruders would be killed immediately, so Pei leaves and meets up with Jing\'er, Di, and Donkey Wang. Donkey Wang reveals that he had been the court physician, and tried to use the fire beetles as medicine for the former Emperor. He fled when he discovered that the fire beetles were dangerous - their body excretes a liquid that catches fire when exposed to sunlight. Wang is able to use a process called transfiguration  to change his appearance. Prince Li finds Di and gives him back his mace, which has a special ability to shatter weapons. This mace was given to him by the previous Emperor but confiscated when he was imprisoned. Di maintains his political neutrality. Despite pressure from his subordinates, Li refuses to have Di killed, however Li is himself assassinated. Wang had been raising the fire beetles in the Infinity Monastery, leading Di to suspect the Chaplain\'s involvement. Jing\'er informs Wu of Di\'s intent. Wu meets Di outside the palace with Jing\'er and her royal guards and warns him that he will be killed if he tries to enter the Monastery. Pei arrives and announces that Prince Li has been killed, allowing Di to escape. Pei has a theory that the first official might have been killed because of something that turned up in his inspection of the Buddha statue. Pei visits his household and finds that his study was mysteriously burned to the ground. Luckily, the official moved his work to another room, and Pei finds that he had indeed discovered something in his inspection. He takes the diagrams, however he is pursued and taken captive. At the monastery, Di uncovers the fact that the Chaplain is Jing\'er using transfiguration as a disguise, and speculates that the Empress has used the figure of the Chaplain as a way of justifying her tyranny with a supposedly divine source. He says that knowing the Empress\'s secrets puts Jing\'er in danger. An anguished Jing\'er attacks him, but finds herself unable to kill him in the end. She carries him out into the forest, where she trips several wires, releasing javelins which impale her. When he wakes up, Di fulfils her final request by sending her back to court and she dies in the Empress\'s arms. Di then finds Pei in captivity. Pei erupts into flames immediately upon being exposed to sunlight. Before dying, he reveals that the diagrams are hidden under his saddle. Di consults the diagrams and goes to the Buddha where he confronts Shatuo. Di has discovered that Shatuo has been planning to kill the Empress by making the Buddha fall on the palace during the coronation. Shatuo admits that he intends to kill Wu for the torture and imprisonment he suffered. As the supervisor he altered the Buddha\'s construction, adding two ducts to pour molten metal to melt the statue\'s foundations, and hollowing out two of the support beams so it would fall on the palace. He killed the two officials after they noticed the changes, and later killed Prince Li for insulting him. He also reveals that he has taken Prince Li\'s seal and has the late Prince\'s army ready to invade the city and kill Wu if she somehow survives. Shatuo sent Di to Wang as a distraction to give his assassins the opportunity to kill Di, while using their friendship to cast blame away from himself. Di and Shatuo fight. Shatuo drenches Di in water poisoned by fire beetles. Shatuo reminds Di of the rebellion he led against Wu and questions why he is fighting to protect her. Di admits that she is evil but he cannot let her die, as the resulting chaos will harm the innocent. Workers start to pour the molten metal into the pillar to melt the base, and Di knocks one duct aside to change the direction of the fall. Infuriated, Shatuo fills a bottle of fire beetle water and rushes to the coronation on horseback, however Di catches up with him and spills the water over Shatuo instead. Shatuo burns to death in the sun while Di manages to reach the coronation in time to save the Empress from the collapsing statue, and warn her of Prince Li\'s rebel army near the city. The Empress is grateful for her rescue, and in return Di makes her promise to be a just ruler and to return power to the Tang line after her reign is over. Di refuses her offer to stay at court. Instead he passes his mace to her, and retreats into the Phantom Bazaar, where there is no sunlight. Donkey Wang informs him that there is very little chance that he will be able to cure Di of his fire beetle poison, and Di replies that despite this he is now at peace, and the two enter the Bazaar as the sun rises. The epilogue states that Wu reigned as the first and only female Empress in China\'s history, and kept her promise to Di, resigning after fifteen years.'] ["Two FBI agents are surveilling a warehouse. As a U.S. senator Dennis Darden  walks out of the door, he is approached by an assassin from behind who slits his throat and escapes. The agents rush to the scene to find the man dead. However, they could not identify the assassin as he committed the murder in darkness. Later, CIA officers arrive on the scene and take charge. Retired operative Paul Shepherdson  is summoned by CIA director Tom Highland  to look into the murder. He is introduced to a young FBI agent, Ben Geary , who is an expert on a former Soviet operative known as Cassius, who Geary predicts to have committed the murder due to his signature throat-slitting method. Paul and Ben visit Brutus , one of Cassius's proteges, who had been locked up in prison, to learn the whereabouts of Cassius. They provide him with a radio and leave. The prisoner then swallows the batteries from the radio and fakes an upset stomach. Upon arriving at a hospital, he spits out the batteries, overpowers the medical staff, and escapes. In the basement's garage, he is attacked by Paul, who reveals himself to be Cassius. Cassius slits his throat. Upon investigating the crime scene, Ben grows suspicious of Paul. Meanwhile, a Russian terrorist and murderer, Bozlovski , has entered the U.S. As the investigation deepens, Paul warns Ben to pull out, due to the possibility of harm to his family. Ben, who has become obsessed with the idea that Paul is Cassius, starts his own parallel investigation. Meanwhile, Paul tries to contact Bozlovski in a factory where he escapes after an intense firefight. Ben examines another throat-slitting murder of Bozlovski's associate at the same site and is now convinced Paul is Cassius. Ben pieces together the events of Paul's life and determines that not only is Paul actually Cassius, but also that he is systematically murdering the people involved in the death of his wife and child, who were assassinated by Bozlovski. Paul has now tracked down Bozlovski to a shipyard warehouse. A while later, Ben also arrives at the plant. After being confronted with the evidence, Paul confesses everything. Paul then confronts Ben with the fact that Ben is a Russian spy, which Paul learned at one of Ben's informant drop-offs. He is able to convince Ben that Bozlovski is the actual threat. When Ben reveals that he has plans to return to Russia after this is over, Paul tries to convince him to stay in the FBI and with the family he has grown to love. Together they hunt down Bozlovski inside the shipyard's warehouse. Bozlovski attacks Paul and Ben, and in the ensuing struggle, a mortally wounded Paul slits Bozlovski's throat using his garrote-watch. However, Paul himself later succumbs from his own injuries. As the only witness, FBI agent Ben relays the incident to his superiors and claims that Bozlovski was Cassius, thereby securing Paul's reputation and recognizing his heroism. As Ben departs, the CIA director Highland asks him whether he would ever consider working at the CIA. The film ends with Ben returning to his home."] ['{{Expand section}} Tod Slaughter, in his film debut, is the lover who seduces then murders innocent country maiden Maria Marten in the red barn  before burying her body beneath the barn floor.'] ['A rebellious biker holds a motorcycle drag race to determine who will "win" an architect\'s pregnant girlfriend.'] ['The film profiles Michael Perry, a man on death row convicted of murdering Sandra Stotler, a fifty-year-old nurse. He was suspected, but never charged, in two other murders which occurred in Conroe, Texas, with his accomplice Jason Burkett. Perry was convicted eight years earlier of the October 2001 murder, apparently committed in order to steal a car for a joyride. Perry denies that he was responsible for the killings, blaming Burkett  who was convicted of the other two murders. Burkett, who received a lesser life sentence for his involvement, likewise blames Perry.http://tiff.net/filmsandschedules/tiff/2011/intotheabyss{{dead link|date"officialsite"/> The film also includes interviews with victims\' families and law enforcement officers.{{cite news}} Burkett\'s wife appears in the film, a free woman who met and married Burkett after his conviction. They were only allowed contact by holding hands under guarded supervision, but she claims to be pregnant with his child.{{cite web|urlWerner Herzog’s Prison Doc Now Titled Gazing Into The Abyss: A Tale of Death, A Tale Of Life |publisherJune 20, 2011 |accessdate"varietyreview">{{cite news}}'] ["Kishan  killed a man in his childhood when the man abused his mother . After going to remand homes & jails, an adult Kishen comes out, a hardened criminal. He meets his mother & accidentally stumbles upon a secret. Kishan learns that his father is alive. Kishan's mother tells him that his father Suraj Malhotra  was a jeweller who used to run a jewellery shop with his partner. One day, when Suraj did not come back home, police came & informed her that her husband killed her partner & ran away with some precious jewels. She tells Kishan that she never saw Suraj after that & now he is a dreaded gangster in the underworld. Kishan decides to take his father to task for the injustices done to him, his mother & the society. Kishan singles out Sawant , a powerful man of Malhotra. Kishan thinks that if Sawant's business is shut down, his father would become vulnerable. Meanwhile, Gopi is a loser who looks exactly like Kishan. He is a cop, but due to his cowardly attitude, he never gets raise or promotion. Gopi has his mother , his wife  & a son as his family. None of the two heroes know about each other. Kishan manages to sneak into Malhotra's lair. He holds Malhotra on gunpoint & shows him the photo of his mother. Malhotra gives him a confession that shocks him. He claims that Sawant is the real head of the gang. Suraj tells Kishan that Sawant's men killed Suraj's partner for the jewels. Suraj somehow scooted off with the money & hid it in the basement of a construction site. Sawant caught Suraj & told him that the latter has been convicted for the former's crimes. Sawant also tells him that his wife has committed suicide & his son would be killed too, if Suraj does not tell the location of the jewels. Suraj does not tell the location, but to save the infant from death, takes the blame on himself. Upon this, Kishan reveals his true identity. Both realize that Sawant passed some other child as Suraj's child. Sawant tells Kishan that the place where he hid the money is police headquarters now. Kishan realizes that retrieving the loot would be an impossible task. But when he learns about Gopi, he decides that Gopi is his only way in. Meanwhile, Kishan starts killing goons on police missions posing as Gopi. Gopi's counterparts think that Gopi has finally matured as a policeman. Gopi becomes famous overnight. A clueless Gopi decides to play along. Soon, Gopi gets a raise & is promoted as Inspector. Trouble starts brewing for Kishan when Commissioner's  daughter Seema  falls for Gopi, without knowing the truth & Gopi's marital status. However, Gopi & Kishan finally come face-to-face, when Gopi & Seema both realize the truth. Now, Gopi starts hunting for Kishan. Meanwhile, Kishan has infuriated Sawant too by killing some of his goons. Kishan's mother, whom Kishan had left to find his father, comes to find him. She runs into Gopi, mistaking him for Kishan. Gopi tricks her & abducts her. But Gopi is in for a surprise when Kishan's mother & Gopi's mother recognize each other. Gopi's mother reveals that when Kishan's mother was in labour, she delivered twins. Gopi's mother had no kids, so she took one of the kids. She reveals that Gopi & Kishan are twin brothers. Gopi is in a quandary as he cannot arrest his newfound brother, but being a cop, decides to make the brave cop act real. Meanwhile, Sawant kidnaps Kishan & is about to kill him. Suraj, who is unable to see his real son die, spills the beans. Just then, Gopi arrives on the scene, claiming to be Kishan & that the man caught by Sawant is actually Gopi. The duo engage Sawant in a confusion until all his men are revealed. A client of Sawant enters the scene. Suraj meets his wife after many years & is more than delighted to see her alive. They explain the whole situation to each other while in captivity. In an action plus comedy filled climax, Gopi & Kishan kill Sawant's men as well as Sawant's son, whom he had passed on as Suraj's son. Gopi arrests Sawant & a corrupt minister who is Sawant's partner. The film ends with the family getting reunited."] 