['Jimmy "The Saint" Tosnia  is a dapper ex-gangster living in Denver. Once known as "the bitch\'s bastard" in Denver\'s crime scene, Jimmy has left the criminal world, attempting to "go straight" with his business "Afterlife Advice", where dying people videotape messages for loved ones. Jimmy\'s business isn\'t doing well and he is in debt to a local loan shark known as "New Orleans Sal." What Jimmy doesn\'t know is that his former boss, the local crime lord known as "The Man With the Plan"  has bought up his debt in order to command a favor from him. In exchange for forgiving Jimmy\'s debt, The Man With The Plan wants Jimmy to lead a crew on one last job. The Man With The Plan was rendered a quadriplegic some years ago in the wake of a failed attempt on his life. Left bitter and immobilized, The Man With The Plan is interested in helping his son, Bernard, a burgeoning pedophile who is still in love with an ex-girlfriend. The Man With The Plan believes that Bernard will be able to resume a relationship with this woman once her new boyfriend is out of the picture, and wants Jimmy to lead a crew in scaring off the man. They are to beat him up so that he dumps Bernard\'s ex. Initially reluctant, Jimmy takes the job when The Man With The Plan bribes and threatens him. Jimmy puts together a team made up of several old acquaintances from his criminal days, many of whom have also tried to leave the criminal life, with generally less than satisfying results. This team includes Franchise ([[William Forsythe , a grizzled biker, Easy Wind , an easy-going African American, and Pieces , a projectionist who has an unidentified disease which causes his digits to fall off. The last member of the team is Critical Bill , who works in a mortuary where he uses corpses as punching bags in order to "keep my powder dry." The plan is to have Pieces and Critical Bill pose as Denver police officers. They will pull their target over on the highway and, under the pretext of some sort of traffic violation, take him to a waiting trailer where Jimmy and Franchise will administer a beating. The plan begins to go wrong when their target turns out to be more observant and spirited than anticipated. He immediately becomes suspicious of Pieces and Bill\'s identity as police officers and begins to ridicule them. This enrages Critical Bill, who pulls out a knife and stabs the man in the throat. At this point, the commotion rouses Bernard\'s ex-girlfriend, who had been sleeping in the back of the target\'s van. She comes out and screams when she sees her boyfriend\'s dead body. Startled, Pieces shoots her dead with a handgun. The group realizes that they are in a terrible spot. What was supposed to have been a simple beating has ended up with them having two dead bodies on their hands, one of them someone looked on fondly by The Man With The Plan. They dispose of the bodies and Jimmy goes to see their employer. The Man With The Plan is furious at the outcome of their botched mission. He informs Jimmy that out of consideration for their past relationship he will allow him to live. However, the other members of the team have been sentenced to "buckwheats", which in the slang of the film means assassination in a particularly gruesome and painful manner . The group comes to terms with their own impending deaths as they are stalked by a mild-mannered, yet deadly hitman known as Mr. Shhh . Pieces accepts his fate, to which Shhh provides a quick death. Easy Wind goes into hiding with a gang lord named Baby Sinister , but is given up after Shhh infiltrates and kills most of Sinister\'s entourage. Franchise attempts to flee with his family but is killed. Shhh finally locates a shut in Critical Bill, but is ambushed in Bill\'s home and the two kill each other. In the wake of Mr. Shhh\'s death the contract falls to a trio of Mexican brothers, who attempt to track down Jimmy. In his last days, Jimmy says goodbye to a woman Dagney , he had fallen in love with. Knowing that he will most likely be killed, he murders Bernard for all the misery he indirectly brought upon the group. He also has sex with Lucinda , a prostitute with whom he has long been acquainted, in order to fulfill her wish of having a baby. As he narrates in an Afterlife Advice video that he leaves as a farewell message for his unborn child, Jimmy realized that the only way he could exact revenge on The Man With The Plan is through his son. The trio of killers catch up to Jimmy but he takes his death with grace. The man who had been narrating Jimmy\'s tale notes that while he died he still beat The Man With The Plan as he took away his only legacy; as such the crime boss never made another criminal act as he was completely broken. In the end, Jimmy and his dead friends are shown on a boat in the ocean, happily having "boat drinks".'] ['The film begins with Michael McCrea , a perpetual waster, passed out some time in the mid-afternoon. He awakes to find two thugs, Ivan  and Orlando , staring at him. They remind him that he owes money to Darren Perrier , a local crime boss. The debt must be paid that night, or Ivan and Orlando will break two of Michael\'s bones of his own choice. After they depart, Michael heads down stairs and sees Brenda , a friend of his, carrying a bouquet of flowers. She informs Michael that her boyfriend, Shamie , with whom she has a rocky relationship, has given her the flowers by way of apologising for his absenteeism. Michael is uninterested, and leaves the building in pursuit of a loan in order to pay off his current debt. Michael heads to Delgado\'s Pool Hall, a nearby snooker bar, in search of a man known as The Mutt ([[Liam Cunningham , who is known to hand out loans. There, Michael finds his friend Clifford , who explains that The Mutt was only recently thrown out of the establishment; having assaulted a man for insulting his snooker skills. Leaving the bar, Michael gets into a kerfuffle with two clampers , who vow to find him and clamp his car later. Michael heads home only to find his father, Jim McCrea , waiting outside. Since he does not have the best relationship with his father, Michael is initially reluctant to talk. However, Jim reveals that he is dying of cancer and wishes to reconcile. The two head to a pub and begin to drink, but while there Michael learns of the location of The Mutt. He abandons his father, promising to talk later, and heads to The Mutt\'s location. At this new pub, Michael runs into Shamie, who is making out with a girl. Michael, now angry, tells him he needs to show Brenda some respect and break off his ties with her if he wishes to pursue other girls. Michael then finds The Mutt, who is having a drink with his associate Dinny . He asks The Mutt for a loan, but is refused. Giving up, Michael begins to drink at the bar only to be assaulted by an angry Shamie. Michael overpowers Shamie and demands he break up with Brenda, but he must let her down lightly. Storming off, he is stopped by The Mutt, who asks if Michael will join him and Dinny in a burglary. The money earned will pay off Michael\'s debt, but he won\'t get it until morning. Michael agrees, and the three head out. The burglary goes off with out a hitch, and The Mutt finds pictures that prove the home owner is cheating on his wife. The trio plan to blackmail him out of €30,000. Michael is dropped off and is assured that he will get his €10,000 come morning. Back at his car, he finds the clampers have found him and clamped his car. Immediately thereafter, Ivan and Orlando return and drive their truck full speed into Michael\'s clamped car. Michael flees the scene and is able to lose them, but he returns to his home in search of the pistol he keeps under his bed. Unfortunately, Brenda has stolen the gun and is contemplating suicide after being dumped by Shamie. She locks Michael out of her apartment just as Ivan and Orlando enter, having predicted that he would come home. They begin to beat Michael with a bat, and set his leg up against a radiator, preparing to break his leg. Before he can swing the bat, Orlando is shot dead by Brenda. Ivan, shocked, runs away to tell Perrier. While comforting Brenda, Jim enters and, upon noticing the body, tells them they need to properly dispose of Orlando. The three get into Brenda\'s car and head up onto an escarpment, where they bury Orlando. Jim comments that the locale is beautiful, with the lights below and stars above and the waft of cow shit in the air. He also refers to the history of the area, commenting that men who lived and died by the sword were buried here. Unfortunately, Brenda\'s car becomes flooded and they cannot get away, so Michael and Brenda spend the night in her car, while Jim stands outside, spending the whole night awake, watching Dublin. At Perrier\'s hideout, he is discussing Orlando\'s death with four other members of his crew. It is then revealed to him that, on top of being best mates, Ivan and Orlando were also lovers. Perrier goes to comfort the grieving Ivan, telling him that he is not judgmental about his homosexual relationship and that he will be putting a €10,000 bounty on Michael and Brenda. Back at Brenda\'s car, it\'s morning and Michael notices that his father has been up all night. Jim then admits that he does not have cancer, but instead believes he was visited by the Grim Reaper. During his visit, the Reaper informed Jim that the next time he sleeps, he will die. Upset that his father played on his sympathies, Michael angrily riles Brenda from her sleep and informs her that her car has to be burned. Once it is aflame, the trio head down the escarpment and back into the city. Unfortunately, they are caught in a rain storm and take shelter at a farm, but the owner, a strange old woman , calls the police and claims the trio raped her. Having fled down the road, they take cover upon seeing a Garda Síochána patrol car. Once it has passed, they cut through a forest but Brenda vows to make her relationship with Shamie work. An angry Michael then berates her for blindly loving Shamie despite the fact that he is unfaithful and does not love her back. While Jim takes him aside, Brenda storms off and, once they notice she is gone, Michael and Jim follow. They catch up with her as she is being arrested by two police officers. While sneaking up on them, Jim snatches Michael\'s gun and confronts the officers, telling them to get off to the side and on the ground "tout fucking suite." Once they are out of the way, the trio steal the cruiser and, shortly afterwards, Michael gets a call from The Mutt, who gives them his location in order for Michael to pick up his share of the blackmail earnings. With plans to meet The Mutt behind a factory at one in the afternoon, Brenda demands that, in the meantime, she be dropped off at Shamie\'s so she can try to restore their relationship. Along the way, the trio encounter a young man ([[Chris Newman  and two of his mates joyriding in a stolen car. Jim and the man talk and the two trios swap cars. In their new stolen car, they arrive at Shamie\'s; however, Brenda arrives just as a nearly naked woman strolls out and a nearly naked Shamie runs after her. The two start to get intimate in the hallway just as Shamie notices Brenda, but Brenda runs away. Outside the building, Brenda bypasses the car and runs down a nearby street, prompting Michael to chase after her and comfort her. Jim, left behind, approaches Jerome  and Russ , two members of the Savage Canine Vernacular, who are training their Doberman Pinschers to attack. Jim helps them, then picks up Michael and Brenda. They trio arrive at the warehouse and Michael heads in alone to get his share. He meets with The Mutt and Dinny, but the two plan on betraying him. The Mutt knocks Michael out with a wrench and he and Dinny carry the unconscious Michael to The Mutt\'s car. As they are putting him in the boot, Jim approaches, armed with a pistol. He knocks both Dinny and The Mutt out while Brenda steals the entire €30,000. With Michael back in the car, the trio head out. Hiding out in another industrial area, Jim reveals the reason why Michael became estranged from his parents. After witnessing a local thug, Steve Lynch, beating up a woman, Michael intervened and beat up Lynch. Lynch returned to Michael\'s house later, where only his mother, Elaine, was home. Lynch proceeded to assault Elaine, leaving her badly injured. Believing his parents blamed him for the attack, Michael broke off contact with them. Elaine and Jim would later split up, with Elaine moving to County Clare. Jim then asks Michael if he can have some cocaine, and Michael agrees, taking him to Delgado\'s Pool Hall in order to buy off of Clifford. However, during the sale, Clifford signals Mulligan , who calls Perrier. While Jim is snorting coke in the bathroom and Michael and Brenda are talking, Perrier and his goons enter. Michael accidentally fires off his pistol, causing everyone to take cover. Other gang members, primarily Ivan, begin shooting but Brenda, angry at Clifford, beats him over the head and she and Michael use him as a human shield to escape. Clifford is killed in the process, and Jim is left behind. Upon exiting Delgado\'s, the pair find that their stolen car has been clamped, and are forced to flee on foot. Thankfully, Shamie is able to find them in his car, announcing that he has been looking for Brenda. Michael and Brenda jump into his car. Outside Delgado\'s, Perrier and his crew join with The Mutt and Dinny. Jerome and Russ approach, but their dogs growl and Perrier coldly shoots them. Jim walks out of the hall just as the gangs are leaving, but The Mutt notices him and he is taken hostage. Meanwhile, Shamie has tried to reconcile with Brenda, but she refuses him and her and Michael take his car at gunpoint. They take refuge in a hotel. They receive a call from a badly beaten Jim who explains to Michael that he is going to "take a nap" after the phone call - implying, true to his vision, that he will die. Despite this, Michael arms himself and prepares to go to Perrier\'s hideout. Brenda tries to warn him against it, but the two share a passionate kiss and Michael heads out in Shamie\'s car. Michael arrives at Perrier\'s hideout, with the €30,000 and a pistol hidden in the crotch of his pants. He is informed that his father is going to die that night, though it will be quick. Michael\'s death, however, will be slow. He is pinned down on the table while Ivan attempts to castrate him. Before it can be done, however, The Mutt asks for his money so he can leave. Perrier pockets the money, just as Hank  shoots and kills Dinny. In the confusion, Michael is able to escape, and Perrier kills The Mutt. Two of Perrier\'s cronies pursue Michael, who has acquired a golf club. He uses it first to knock out Blaise  and then Victor . Michael, now armed with a pistol, returns and confronts Perrier, Ivan, Hank, and Kenny . Lining them up against a wall, Michael takes their guns and his money. Kenny calls his bluff, and is shot in the leg. Michael then pushes his father out of the building and loads him into Shamie\'s car. At the same time, Perrier reveals that he has an AK-74u hidden under the snooker table. With that in hand, he, Ivan, and Hank head outside to confront Michael, who is attempting to flee. Perrier fires into the car as Michael reverses, and Jim is hit in the chest. They comment on how the Reaper came after all, and Jim calls him a cunt. An enraged Michael charges out of the car at Perrier, firing his gun, wounding Ivan and Hank in the process. Perrier shoots at Michael, severely wounding him. Before Perrier can finish him, multiple vans pull up, brought to the location by Brenda, containing members of the Savage Canine Vernacular. They set their dogs upon Perrier, who is mauled to death. Brenda, Jerome, and Russ inform a semi-conscious Michael that they\'re taking him to Derek Dawson, the best veterinarian in the business. The next morning, Michael, having had his wounds treated, and Brenda are at the funeral for Jim, who is buried alongside Achilles and Apollo, Russ and Jerome\'s dogs, at the same place that the trio had buried Orlando earlier. A heartfelt eulogy is given, and Michael and Brenda profess their love for each other. The pair then head to County Clare, where Michael intends to reconcile with his mother. The narrator, implied to be the Reaper, ponders as to whether the experience has made Michael a better man, possibly an enlightened man. He is shown waving at his mother before the camera fades out.'] ['Crime boss Little John Sarto  retires suddenly, giving leadership of his gang to Jack Buck , while he leaves for a tour of Europe to acquire "class". However, Sarto is repeatedly swindled and finally loses all his money. He decides to return home and take back his gang, as if nothing has changed after five years, but Buck has him thrown out of his office. The only ones who remain loyal to Sarto are his girlfriend Flo Addams  and Willie "the Knife" Corson . Sarto raises a new gang and starts encroaching on Buck\'s territory. When Flo tries to get Buck to reconcile with Sarto, Buck sees his chance. He agrees, getting Flo to lure Sarto to a tavern without telling him why. Flo is not totally fooled; she brings along a strong, good-natured admirer, mid-western rancher Clarence P. Fletcher , just in case, but he is knocked out by Buck\'s men. Sarto is taken for a ride, believing Flo has double crossed him. Sarto escapes, but is shot several times. He manages to make his way to the Floracian monastery, run by Brother Superior . Finding it a good place to hide out, Sarto signs up as a novice, naming himself "Brother Orchid". At first, he treats it as a joke, calling the monks the "biggest chumps in the world", but the kindness and simple life of the brothers begins to change his opinion. Then Sarto sees a newspaper announcement that Flo is going to marry Clarence. He rides into the city with Brother Superior when he goes to sell the flowers that provide the monastery\'s meager income. After Flo gets over the shock of seeing Sarto alive, she proves she did not betray him and agrees to break up with Clarence. Sarto breaks the news to Brother Superior that he is leaving, but then learns that the flowers have not been sold. The "protective association" run by Buck bans flower growers that do not pay for its services. Buck is hiding out from the police, but Sarto has a good idea where he is. Reinforced by Clarence and some of his friends from Montana, Sarto pays a visit to the association and a brawl breaks out. When the police arrive, Sarto presents them with Buck and his men. Then, he gives up Flo to Clarence and returns to the monastery, where he has finally found "real class".'] ["Gerald Meldrick  and Anya von Duren  are a pair of rival jewel thieves at large in India. Both parties are after the same prize, a priceless diamond owned by the Duchess of Beltravers . To inveigle their way into the Duchess' confidence, Gerald poses as a Scotland Yard detective, while Anya pretends to be an aristocrat. After working at cross purposes, they decide to team up, keeping one step ahead of a diligent police inspector  and mercenary freighter captain Chang . Both Gerald  and Anya betray the nobler sides of their natures in the end, fighting in a pitched battle in China against the invading Japanese army."] ["Mobster Tony Thick  is expecting $5 million in cash to be delivered by Lenny Long  from Los Angeles. Lenny is a mule for the mob and he's gone missing with the cash - is he dead? No one knows. When Lenny is a no show, Thick sends Shady  to L.A. to look for the missing cash. Shady has no idea of the crazies he's going to run into. Shady meets Lenny's baby-desperate wife Sally , his ditsy mistress Eve , his muscle-headed brother Louis , his quirky neurosurgeon Dr. Hooker ([[John Heard  and a crew of other nut jobs all looking for the missing cash. When Lenny finally shows up in a San Bernardino Hospital in an on-again/off-again coma everything is turned upside down and everyone is on the chase for their share of the cash."] ['{{plot}} Robert "Rob" Douglas is in prison. According to a local news report there has been a law- California\'s three strikes law, which will put three time offenders in prison for a minimum of twenty-five years. Rob is currently finishing his second bid in prison. It is his last day in jail. Rob calls his friend Tone to pick him up from jail but Tone gets caught up with a woman he just met and asks J.J. to pick up Rob. Rob is picked up by J.J. and just as Rob tells him he never plans to go back to prison, cops pull the two over and J.J. shoots the cops. J.J. tells Rob that the car was stolen and Rob trying to elude his third strike escapes from the scene and hides at his girlfriend, Juanita’s house. J.J. is wounded and detained by the police. Rob learns that the police is still searching for him and that he is on the most wanted list. Detective Jenkins is investigating the case and searching for Rob. J.J. is restricted to a hospital bed due to his injuries. He calls his friend Blue, and tells him that when the police come and question him about the shootout, he is going to put the blame on Rob. Rob runs into his old friend Mike who helps him with some money. Rob and Juanita meet at a hotel while Detective Jenkins stops at Rob\'s home to try to find him that night. The next morning, Rob’s mother tells him the police have been looking for him, and some girl named Dahlia called saying she had some information that could keep him out of jail. Dahlia tells Rob to come to her place for a tape that could get him out of the situation he\'s in. Rob asks Mike to get him a good lawyer and leaves for Dahlia’s home. Dahlia tells Rob that she will give him the taped conversation between J.J. and Blue her son about the shootout if she can have her way with him. Blue tells Tone that Rob is at his house and Tone and his crew go to get him. The cops land up there as well. After a chase, Rob gives himself up at a church where Mike has brought a Lawyer. Sometime later, in the final verdict, though Rob does not receive his third strike, he is sentenced to 30 days in jail for violating his parole. Rob\'s father tells him he will pick him up from jail himself when he gets out the next time. The film\'s epilogue states that Rob is eventually released from prison early due to overcrowding.'] ['The film tells the story of a mob hit man  and hit woman  who fall in love, even though they have been hired to kill each other.'] ['The film\'s plot combines several elements from these original films. Starrbooty is in the middle of a major karate fight when she receives a phone call informing her that her adopted niece Cornisha has been kidnapped. With the help of fellow crime fighter Agent Page Turner, Starrbooty learns that her arch nemesis Annaka Manners is using her billion-dollar cosmetics company as a front for kidnapping prostitutes and selling their organs on the black market. Starbooty also discovers that Annaka is actually her long-lost sister, making Cornisha Annaka\'s daughter. Page and Starrbooty go undercover as prostitutes  and in order to be convincing enough to infiltrate Annaka\'s inner sanctum, they go "all the way" . When Starrbooty finally confronts Annaka she discovers that Cornisha was in on the plot all along, and has become Annaka\'s lover. Informing them that they are actually mother and daughter, Starrbooty reveals Annaka\'s plans to double-cross Cornisha by selling her clitoris to a wealthy socialite . A final showdown between Starrbooty and Annaka leaves Annaka dead, and they are able to salvage Cornisha\'s genitals by taking Annaka\'s . Thus everyone who deserves to lives happily ever after.'] ['The film is set in a small Oregon town, where a brutal serial killer nicknamed the \'Oregon undertaker\' has been murdering and mutilating young women. Charlie  is an ex-teacher turned disaffected call center employee who\'s fired on his first day. Distraught on being unable to provide for his daughter Emily and policewoman wife Penelope , he\'s approached by former colleague Gus , an aspiring scam artist who presents Charlie with a seemingly snag-free plan to make some cash: blackmail Reverend Smalls who, despite being a man of the cloth, has frequently turned up in the company database of visitors to illegal porn websites. Gus plans on extorting money from Reverend Smalls, with the intention of publicly exposing his secret shame should he refuse to pay up. Normally cautious Charlie reluctantly agrees to play a part in the scam, confident that with the money he\'ll garner from the deal he\'d be able to turn things around for him and his family. When proud former teenage pageant queen Josie McBroom , Gus\'s scheming one-night stand, muscles in on the deal, their plan goes ahead. Josie convinces Charlie and Gus that she should make the call to Smalls, on the grounds that if either of them called, the police could trace their voices and connect them to the job, as the blind man would be able to say he saw  Gus at the store. The plan goes into action, and Gus goes to Smalls\' house where he is surprised by the Reverend, wielding a gun. From outside the house, two shots are heard. At the same time, Charlie explains the alibi at the bar, only to find out that the blind owner of the gas station is sitting right next to him; it was his 80th birthday. Charlie runs away and goes to Smalls\' house, where he finds the Reverend dead. Scared, he drags the body outside, and dumps him into a nearby septic tank. He goes back inside the house, tries to call Josie, and upon finding Gus leaving the bathroom, learns that the Reverend shot Gus in the leg, explaining the blood near the corpse. After the first shot, Gus hit the Reverend over the head with a vase, leaving him alive but unconscious. Gus and Charlie leave the house to escape the scene of the crime, but Charlie remembers that he left Josie\'s card inside. They go back and get it, but in the process Gus stumbles upon a hidden DVD collection of the Reverend. They put one in, and find a video of the Reverend killing and cutting up a young girl. They try to flee the house, but are immediately met by a deputy police officer outside the door. The policeman explains that the Reverend was found dead, with three bullet holes in his head. Charlie lets in the policeman, who notices some blood on the floor. Charlie, in the kitchen, grabs a knife and cuts himself, and then goes back to the policeman to explain that he cut himself on a vase. Right before leaving, the policeman decides to see what Charlie had been watching, much to Charlie\'s protests. He presses play, and watches the beginning of a children\'s movie Gus had secretly switched in. Satisfied, he leaves the house, but finds marks in the ground that look like someone had been dragged. Charlie follows the policeman to the end of the drag marks, the septic tank. As Charlie is about to open it, Gus smashes a vase against the head of the deputy, who is promptly dragged inside. Inside, Charlie freaks out about the murder of the Reverend and the kidnapping of a policeman and leaves, where he is met by the Reverend\'s wife , who has a gun pointed at Charlie. They go back inside, where she explains that she shot the Reverend, and that she was going to meet her lover, Max, at the house so they could collect their $2,000,000 the real Reverend had left. Gus and Charlie explain that Max will not be seeing her, and she asks them where the 2 million dollars are, pointing a gun at the tied-up policeman. They frantically try to say that they don\'t know anything about the money, and right before she is about to shoot the deputy, Josie comes in and lodges an axe in the wife\'s head. As Charlie and Gus talk over what\'s been happening, Josie finds the money hidden in the Reverend\'s oven, and calls Charlie and Gus over. As they\'re looking at the stacks of hundred dollar bills, they hear cries of "help" from outside. The deputy has escaped through the front door, and, rolling himself along, is soon caught by the three. In his rolling, the deputy drops his badge, which Charlie picks up and puts in his pocket. They agree to dispose of the body of the wife, but the policeman, still alive, asks to use the restroom. Inside, he tries to escape through a window by jumping on the toilet, but slips, breaking his skull on the toilet, killing himself. Charlie, Gus, and Josie hide the bodies in suitcases and drive away to dispose of them, but soon get into an argument. Charlie reveals that the reason why he has been reeling off random facts is because of a neurological disorder. This problem with the neurotransmitter acetylcholine means that eventually his mind will become blank and explains why he was fired from his teaching position. After driving for a while Charlie realises that Gus, who had originally said he needed the money for his daughter\'s cornea operation, doesn\'t really have a daughter, and punches him. In this small fight, they nearly get into an accident with a fat man, who tries to call the police, but is persuaded by Gus to not do so. Charlie, Gus, and Josie drive away and get to their disposal point, only to find that one of the bodies is missing. They drive back and hit the Reverend\'s wife, who had jumped out of the car and was trying to get help. As they look over the body, two police officers show up, one of them being Charlie\'s wife, and quickly see the body. Charlie\'s wife tries to call her deputy, but it goes to voicemail, as her deputy is dead in the trunk of their car, unbeknown to her. Josie hurriedly patches up a story, but the three are taken to the station, where a special agent is waiting. Agent Hymes  happens to be the fat man the three almost got into an accident with, and examines the body with Gus and Josie, seeming to immediately patch together everything that happened, to Gus and Josie\'s horror. However, it turns out not to be the case and he lets them go. In the waiting room, Charlie finds his sleeping daughter, who couldn\'t be left alone at the house and was brought by his wife, and gives her his coat. Charlie, Gus, and Josie drive to a tar pit, where they plan to dispose of the bodies, but they find that the special agent has been following them. He gets angry at Gus for calling him fat before, and Gus swipes and stabs him with an insulin needle in the foot. The agent throws the gun up, which is caught by Charlie, who then points the gun at the agent. The agent then reveals that Josie is actually the Wyoming Widow; a murderer who befriended men and killed them with a small bit of whiskey, laced with highly concentrated thallium. She disregards it as nonsense, but Charlie and Gus make her empty her pockets, where they find the tell-tale flask of poison whiskey. They make her drink some, and she pretends to die, but begins laughing at their foolishness, as it isn\'t poisoned at all. They check for the agent, but he has disappeared, so they go out looking for him. Gus goes back to the car and tries to hide the money, but is caught by the agent, who complains of his lack of payment for what he does. He shoots Gus twice, killing him, and gets the money. In the mean time, Charlie\'s wife finds the badge of her deputy in her husband\'s coat, but drives to a bridge and throws it off, removing the evidence. The agent runs to his car, but is surprised by Josie, who was waiting in the back seat. They make him eat a very large sugary lollipop, highly dangerous because of his diabetes, and soon have him for dead. Charlie remarks on what monsters they have become, and is then faced by Josie, who has a gun trained on his head. She explains that she really is the Wyoming Widow, and then gives him the choice of the bullet or the poisoned whiskey. Charlie tells her not to spend all the money in one place, and drinks the whiskey, dying quickly, but not before he happily sees Josie discover that the bag is filled with nothing but his daughter\'s stuffed animals. At home, Charlie receives a message on his phone from a publishing firm in Seattle, Washington, regarding his book and offer him his dream job and an office. Also, his daughter, is seen drawing with marker on some of the hundred dollar bills next to several large stacks of money. Josie tries to hitch a ride away from Oregon, and finally gets one from an old man. The old man goes to the back to "double-check on something", and Josie takes out the poisoned whiskey. The old man covers a bloody leg with a tarp , and goes back into the truck to drive away with Josie.'] ['Nick and Nora\'s visit Nick\'s parents in Nick\'s hometown of Sycamore Springs. The residents are convinced that Nick is in town on an investigation, despite Nick\'s repeated denials. However, when aircraft factory employee Peter Berton seeks out Nick and is shot dead before he can reveal anything, Nick is on the case. An old childhood friend, Dr. Bruce Clayworth, performs the autopsy and extracts a pistol bullet. Then, when Nick searches Berton\'s room for clues, he is knocked unconscious by Crazy Mary, a local eccentric. Nora\'s innocent purchase of an old painting for Nick\'s birthday present turns out to be the key to the mystery. When she shows it to her husband, it brings back unpleasant memories for him, so she donates it to a charity bazaar. When Edgar Draque offers Nora a large sum for the painting, Nick wonders why it is so valuable. Nick learns that Draque\'s wife Helena bought the artwork, but she is knocked out and the painting goes missing. Nick discovers that Crazy Mary is Berton\'s mother and goes to see her, only to come across her lifeless body. Nick and Nora\'s dog Asta finds the painting in her shack. Nick puts the pieces together and has the police bring all the suspects to his father\'s house.  Using Dr. Charles\'s fluoroscope, Nick shows that there is a blueprint hidden underneath the paint. Several people identify it as part of the specifications for a new aircraft propeller worth a great deal to a "foreign power". Berton had copied the blueprints and smuggled them out in five paintings. He had a change of heart and was going to confess all to Nick, but was killed before he could. Nick has a souvenir World War II Japanese sniper rifle belonging to Dr. Clayworth\'s brother brought in, and claims it was the murder weapon. Then, after proving that the Draques are members of the crime ring, Nick reveals the identity of the leader of the gang: Dr. Bruce Clayworth. Clayworth\'s first slip was the bullet he showed Nick. Nick knew a pistol did not have the power to propel a bullet as far into Berton\'s body as the real one had. Clayworth grabs the rifle and, after confessing , tries to shoot his nemesis, only to find that Nick had taken the precaution of having the firing pin removed. Nick\'s father is very impressed.'] ['The film stars Rik Mayall as a rock manager who recruits Jane Horrocks . The film also features Danny Aiello and Ross Boatman. Music producer Marty Starr , is infuriated to discover that the woman he turned into a household name, Marla Dorland  , is rapidly losing her fame. With debts up to his ears, Marty believes the only way to secure Marla\'s fame is for her to die, and thus earn Marty a fortune. The only problem is that Marla refuses to die. During her tour in the film, Mavis Davis  sings "I\'m Alright" previously sung by Kenny Loggins. The title and plot reference Peckinpah\'s Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia.'] ['Cosimo  and Toto  attempt to steal a car and Cosimo gets caught. In jail, he meets an old man who tells him about a Bellini - a perfect heist -- which he cannot pull off because of his jail sentence. Cosimo wants his girlfriend/fiancée, Rosalind , to find a "Mullinski"  so that he can get out of jail and pull off this Bellini. After talking to Toto, Basil , Leon , and Pero  - and telling them the basics of the "Bellini" in the process - Pero is paid $16,000 to confess to Cosimo\'s crime. In jail, he gets Cosimo to tell him what the Bellini is, and then lets him know that his sentence was suspended so that he walks out a free man, leaving Cosimo to rot in jail. When he gets home, Pero is confronted by Cosimo\'s girlfriend, Rosalind, and some of the other people she asked to take the fall for Cosimo, including: Riley, whose wife is in jail and he to take care of his baby , Leon, and Toto. Pero tells them he used the money to pay off his debts, but reveals the Bellini. A brick building on Chester used to be a flour factory. Later it was converted, half into apartments and half into a jewelry store. The old man in jail was hired to work on the renovation. He created a small false wall between one of the apartments and the room with the jewelry store safe. Pero, Riley, Leon, Toto, and Rosalind all agree to go in on the heist together. Riley sold all of his camera equipment to buy baby supplies, but goes to a street market and steals a video camera so that they can record the owner opening the safe and get the combination. After many failed attempts to record the combination, they hire a safe cracker, Jerzy, to teach them how to crack the safe. The gang have to watch out for Sgt. Babitch, who is keeping a close eye on them. They are shocked to find that a pair of maiden aunts and a young woman named Carmela have moved into the vacant apartment. Leon and Basil pretend to accost Carmela and Pero comes to her "rescue." He gets a date with her and takes her to the street carnival. In the meantime, a guard watching over Cosimo suddenly falls down dead. Cosimo takes the guard\'s uniform and uses it to escape from jail. He confronts Pero in the funhouse at the carnival, and then the gang and a fight breaks out. Cosimo doesn\'t want to share the Bellini, and hits Rosalind for betraying him. They try to convince him that they can split the take equally, but Cosimo threatens to kill anyone who tries to pull off his heist. Rosalind leaves the group, no longer interested in the heist. Pero finds that he is falling for Carmela. She reveals that the aunts will be out of town for several days. That same night Cosimo dies in a bus accident. Basil meets Leon\'s sister, Michelle, and they begin dating even though she\'s engaged; Michelle tells Basil that she wants an "honest man". Pero, having lied about the $16,000, gives it to Babitch to let them do the job. The night of the heist, Riley leaves his baby with Rosalind, but on his way to meet up at Pero\'s apartment he gets his arm broken by the men he stole the video camera from. His arm is in a cast and he\'s taken almost a bottleful of Vicodin . Leon, having found out about Michelle and Basil, confronts him. Basil admits that he can\'t pull the heist because he got an honest job in order to be worthy of Michelle. He leaves. During the heist, everything that can go wrong, does. Riley is completely drugged, Toto loses his pants, Pero bites off the tip of his tongue, the janitor comes in to check on the apartment while the guys are there, and they realize that the floor plans they got were incorrect. They break through the wrong wall  at 3am and realize there is not enough time to get it right and crack open the safe. Toto finds $1,000 in the cookie jar. While reheating dinner on the stove in the aunts\' apartment, they accidentally blow up the stove. The end scene is the group after the explosion standing at the bus stop. Riley suggests that they shouldn\'t see one another again. As he is getting on the bus, Pero looks at Leon and Toto, and all agree to give Riley the $1000 to get his wife out of jail. Leon heads home to apologize to his sister and tells Pero to let him know when he gets another Bellini. As Pero leaves, Toto asks him about Carmela, and tells him that it\'s important to have someone to walk with, more so than money.'] ['The Brothers Bloom, orphaned at a young age, begin performing confidence tricks as young children; Stephen dreams up elaborate scenarios and his younger brother, Bloom, creates trust with the marks. Stephen creates his first con as a way of encouraging his brother to talk to girls. Twenty-five years later, the brothers are the world\'s most successful con men. They even have a regular accomplice: Bang Bang, a Japanese explosives expert who rarely speaks. Bloom, however, is dissatisfied with being nothing but an actor in Stephen\'s schemes. He quits and moves to Montenegro. Three months later, Stephen finds Bloom and convinces him to execute one final con. The brothers will masquerade as antiques dealers and target Penelope Stamp, a rich, socially-isolated heiress. Bloom and Penelope meet when Bloom purposely runs into Penelope\'s sports car with his bike. Penelope reveals that she has been alone for most of her life and has picked up an array of strange hobbies such as juggling and kung fu. Bloom senses Penelope\'s craving for adventure and hints that he is sailing to Europe tomorrow. The next morning, Penelope arrives at the harbor to sail with the brothers to Greece. On the boat, Melville, a Belgian hired by Stephen, begins the con, telling Penelope that the brothers Bloom are in fact antiques smugglers and he wants their help with a smuggling job in Prague. Penelope is thrilled with the idea of becoming a smuggler and convinces the brothers to accept the job, unaware that this is part of the con. Meanwhile, Bloom and Penelope are becoming attracted to one another, but Stephen warns Bloom that the con will fail if he actually falls in love with Penelope. In Prague, Melville cons Penelope out of a million dollars and flees, according to plan. Penelope still wants to go ahead as an antiques smuggler and steal the rare book that Melville told her about. The brothers tell Bang Bang to set off a small explosive in Prague Castle that will trigger the fire alarm, allowing Penelope to sneak in and steal the book. Instead, Penelope accidentally blows up the entire tower, creating panic in Prague. Despite this, Penelope enters the museum and steals the book. She is caught, but somehow convinces the chief of police to let her go. At the hotel bar in Prague, Bloom is visited by the brothers\' former mentor and current enemy, Diamond Dog. He warns Bloom that Stephen will not be around forever, and tells Bloom he should join him. Stephen arrives and stabs Diamond Dog in the hand with a broken bottle, telling him to stay away. The team goes to Mexico to complete the con. Bloom, who has fallen in love with Penelope, reveals to her that they are con men and the whole adventure has been a con. Stephen has anticipated his brother\'s change of heart and written it into his plan. The brothers fight and a gun accidentally discharges, wounding Stephen. Penelope checks out the wound, realizes that it is fake blood, and leaves with a broken heart. Bloom punches Stephen and leaves for Montenegro. Three months later, Penelope finds Bloom, wanting to be with him and to become a con artist. Unable to deny his love for her but not wanting her to be like him, Bloom meets with Stephen to set up one final con, where they will fake their own deaths. The team goes to St. Petersburg, where they must sell the rare book to Diamond Dog. They are ambushed by Diamond Dog\'s gang while heading to the exchange. Stephen is kidnapped and held for $1.75 million. Bloom suspects this is just another one of Stephen\'s tricks; Penelope, just in case, wires the money from her bank account to the mobsters. Bang Bang takes this opportunity to quit working for the Brothers Bloom; as soon as she leaves, her car explodes, leaving Penelope and Bloom uncertain whether she was caught in the blast or faked her death. Bloom goes into an abandoned theater to make the exchange, and finds Stephen tied up and beaten. Bloom demands that Stephen tell him if this is real or if it is a con. A hit man tosses Bloom a phone, and Diamond Dog confirms that it is real. The hit man attacks them, and Stephen takes a bullet for Bloom and collapses on the floor. Bloom again asks whether this was real, or just the "perfect con." Stephen gets up and assures Bloom that he is fine. Stephen tells Bloom to leave St. Petersburg with Penelope, and that they will meet again. Bloom and Penelope drive away. After several hours, Bloom discovers that Stephen\'s bloodstain on his shirt has changed in color from red to brown, indicting that it is not fake blood. Realizing that Stephen has surely died, Bloom breaks down on the side of the road while Penelope tries to comfort him. As they are leaving, Bloom recalls what Stephen had said earlier, "The perfect con is one where everyone involved gets just the thing they wanted" -- and that perhaps his brother really pulled off the perfect con.'] ['The story is narrated by Lisa Janusch , the bitter and jealous head cheerleader of Lincoln High School\'s B-squad. Diane Weston , the popular head cheerleader of Lincoln High School\'s A-squad, becomes pregnant by the star football quarterback Jack Bartlett . The two move out of their parents\' homes to find an apartment of their own. Jack initially has problems staying in a job, due to his tactless personality, but finally gets hired at a video rental store. In spite of their problems coming up with the rent money, Jack and Diane try as hard as they can to survive while going to school at the same time. Lisa, Diane\'s bitter rival, occasionally runs into Jack at the rental store. She is interested in winning Jack\'s heart, but fails to get his attention. After struggling with the rent and antcipating the financial hardship of supporting a family, Diane and her four cheerleader squadmates, Kansas , Cleo , Lucy , and Hannah , plan the perfect bank robbery. They promise each other not to tell Jack about their plan, because of his inability to lie to others. The squad watches heist films to learn how to rob banks, and Kansas visits her mother at the women\'s penitentiary, for tips on where to find weaponry. Following the women\'s advice, Diane and her friends visit a bug exterminator, "The Terminator" , who sells illegal arms and ammo. He refuses to sell them the guns unless they accept his daughter, Fern , on the squad. The squad agrees to do so and they begin rehearsing the robbery, as well as their choreography for the winter ball. During winter break, they order masks to hide their identities. Lucy backs out of the heist because she receives a scholarship to Harvard. At Christmas, Diane receives an engagement ring from Jack. She then finds out he sold his GTO in order to buy her the ring. The squad is forced to buy a new get-away vehicle, which turns out to be an old van with bad brakes. At their first robbery at a supermarket, Lucy returns to the group having decided to help them after all. Lisa happens to be in the store at the time of the robbery, and notices that they perform cheerleader stunts in order to cover up the security cameras. The squad robs the bank and come close to shooting a customer after one of the guns discharges. They make off with armloads of cash and celebrate their success after burning their Betty costumes. The robbery is reported on TV. Neither Diane nor her friends expect Lisa to suspect them until they are confronted by her and the B-squad in the high school cafeteria, followed by the FBI. Diane and her friends are jailed and need an alibi, so Diane promises to promote Lisa to captain of the A-squad in order to keep Lisa silent, since she is approaching her third trimester and can\'t do rigorous activity. The group is outraged, but come to appreciate this decision. In order to cover up her actions, Diane tells Jack she won the lottery and after they have their children, Jack wins his senatorial campaign, and Diane\'s squad lead successful lives after high school.'] ['Four friends from the ghetto get involved in a careless prank which goes badly wrong. As their weekend spirals out of control, they try to "fix" the situation with criminal acts and only succeed in making things worse.'] ['{{Plot}} In Harlem, New York, 1918, Sugar Ray  has a dice game going in the back of his candy store. Many of his friends and associates are present, including his old friend Bennie . After nearly being killed by an angry man who lost money, Ray is saved when an 8-year-old errand boy shoots the man in the head. The orphan, who goes by the name "Quick," becomes the "good luck charm" for Ray, who raises him. Twenty years later , Ray and a grown-up Quick  now run a highly successful nightclub called "Club Sugar Ray", a speakeasy with a brothel in back run by tough-talking madam Vera . During a routine evening, Tommy Smalls , who works for the notorious gangster Bugsy Calhoun ([[Michael Lerner  at the Pitty Pat Club, along with beautiful Miss Dominique LaRue  arrive at Club Sugar Ray. Smalls and LaRue have come to check out the club and report back to Calhoun, who has received word that Club Sugar Ray is outgrossing him on a nightly basis. Ray tells Quick not to mess with Miss LaRue as she is Calhoun\'s mistress. That night, Quick accuses Vera and her "girls" of coming up short with profits. Enraged, Vera challenges Quick to a fight, which she maintains the upper hand on until being hit by a garbage can by Quick. Vera pulls a razor on him, which leads to Quick shooting Vera\'s pinky toe off. Later that evening, Calhoun sends corrupt police detective Phil Cantone  to threaten Ray, vowing to shut the club down unless Calhoun gets a huge cut of the action. All but forced out of business, Ray refuses to go without first making sure he\'s provided for his friends and workers. An upcoming heavyweight championship fight between challenger Michael Kirkpatrick and defending champion  Jack Jenkins  will command a lot of money. Ray\'s plan is to place a bet on Kirkpatrick to make Calhoun think they have talked Jenkins into throwing the fight. The plan also is to rob Calhoun\'s booking houses. To facilitate this, a sexy callgirl named Sunshine , who works for Vera is used to distract Calhoun\'s bag man, Richie Vinto . Smalls is accused by Calhoun of coming up short with the nightly receipts at the Pitty Pat Club. As a result, Calhoun sends Cantone to execute Smalls in his apartment. Later on that evening, Quick goes to Smalls\' apartment only to find him dead. As he walks out of his apartment building, Smalls\' brother  notices him. Curious, he walks into Smalls\' apartment, finds him dead and presumes that Quick must have killed him. Earlier on, Quick had received an invitation to dinner from Dominique LaRue. It turns out to be a recruiting pitch from Calhoun to bring Quick in to run the Pitty Pat Club with Miss LaRue, since he had Smalls executed. Quick steadily refuses, which leads to Calhoun ordering LaRue to seduce and kill Quick. As Quick leaves the restaurant, he is chased by Smalls\' brother and his two henchmen. They try to kill him as they believe he is responsible for Smalls murder. After being cornered, he kills all three of them effortlessly with three gunshots. Later that night, LaRue phones Quick, who wants to see him at her apartment. He arrives there, but right before they have sex, he finds a small gun tucked under the pillow on her bed. He quickly realizes he is being set up, and after they have sex, LaRue attempts to kill Quick with the aforementioned gun. She is horrified to discover that the gun has no bullets  and is subsequently shot and killed by Quick. Quick comes to Ray\'s home and explains what happened. Quick voices his intent to exact vengeance on Calhoun, but Ray orders him to lie low and hide. Cantone later arrives at Club Sugar Ray, has everyone there arrested and demands Ray to turn over Quick. Ray bails all of his customers out of jail. Calhoun then orders that Club Sugar Ray be destroyed, and his men set fire to it in the middle of night. Ray arrives to assess the damage and takes one last look at his former nightclub. Ray meets with his crew in a remote location. He asks Quick to apologize to Vera for shooting her in the foot, knowing that she views Quick like a son. Quick honors his request, and tells Vera he loves her. After leaving the room, Vera reciprocates the gesture in tears. Meanwhile, Vera\'s girl Sunshine, successfully seduces Richie Vinto. She convinces him that she has a pickup to make the same night Richie has to make his pickup. Richie agrees to pick her up on the way to collect money for Calhoun. Richie gets into an accident, orchestrated by Ray\'s henchman Jimmy  who had fixed the switch to the traffic light to change from green to red. Ray and Quick, disguised as policemen, arrive on the scene and attempt to arrest Richie. They tell him that the woman he\'s riding around with is actually a notorious drug dealer known as Lady Heroin. Quick attempts to switch the bag that held Calhoun\'s money with the one Sunshine had placed in the car, but before he can, two white policemen arrive. Richie pulls one aside and explains that he\'s on a run for Bugsy Calhoun, so they let him go. The championship fight begins. Meanwhile, at the Pitty Pat Club, Freddy and Willie, two of Ray\'s men, chase out the customers, plant a bomb and leave before it blows up. This serves a double purpose: to retaliate against Calhoun for destroying Club Sugar Ray and to provoke him. At the fight, Calhoun realizes it was not fixed as he originally thought, and receives word that his club has been destroyed. Quick and Ray arrive at a closed bank and go inside. Cantone arrives shortly after, having followed them and pulls a gun on them. Ray\'s crew however hold Cantone at gunpoint, and reveal that they knew he was watching the exchange after the orchestrated accident and seal him inside the bank vault. Ray promises that he will be released in approximately two days. Quick advises Cantone to take small sips of air to last him this period, as bank vaults don\'t have a lot of air in them. Calhoun returns to his home, furious. Richie arrives to deliver Calhoun\'s money, but discovers that the bags of money had indeed been switched with bags of heroin. Calhoun then discovers that the "heroin" is in fact powdered sugar, which infuriates him even more as he now knows who was behind the entire plot. Vera then pays Calhoun a surprise visit, who tells them  how she did not want to be mixed up in robbing him. She tells Bugsy where to find Ray and Quick. Believing her, Bugsy and his men arrive at Ray\'s house but find it empty. As they try to leave however, one of his men trips a bomb wired into the door, instantly killing Bugsy and his men. Near the waterfront, by a sign that reads "Hoboken", Ray and Quick pay meet with two white men who are revealed to be working for Ray  and he pays them off. Ray and Quick take one last look at Harlem, acknowledge that they can never return and that there will never be another city like it. They then get into their car and depart for an unknown location as the credits roll.'] ['The film begins at 62 West Wallaby Street on Gromit\'s birthday. After being tipped out of bed and dressed using several mechanical contraptions, Wallace  is greeted with a large pile of bills. Wallace remembers Gromit\'s birthday and presents Gromit with a somewhat unwelcome gift of a spiked dog collar, and a second present of a pair of ex-NASA robotic "Techno Trousers", acquired by Wallace to alleviate the burden of taking Gromit for walks. While Gromit is out on a "walk", Wallace realises they are in financial difficulty and decides to let the spare bedroom out. He is answered by an inscrutable-looking penguin named Feathers McGraw, who comes to stay at the house, pushing Gromit out of his comfortable bedroom, winning Wallace\'s favour and taking interest in the Techno Trousers. Upset that Feathers has intruded on his relationship with his master, Gromit leaves home. After viewing his departure, Feathers gets to work on altering the Techno Trousers for his own means, removing the controls on the trousers and adapting them into a remote control. After sleeping rough, Gromit hunts for suitable lodgings, noticing a police notice for a criminal penguin who disguises himself as a chicken by wearing a rubber glove on his head . Meanwhile, Wallace\'s normal morning routine is interrupted by the replacement of his expected trousers with the modified Techno Trousers. Trapped inside the "wrong trousers", Wallace is marched out of the house and sent around town on an extended test run, unaware that Feathers is controlling them. Gromit witnesses this spectacle and later spies on Feathers as he suspiciously measures up the exterior of the city museum. He returns home and in his old bedroom, uncovers plans to steal a giant diamond from the museum, using the trousers and Wallace as tools. However, Gromit is too late to foil the plan and hides inside Wallace\'s bed, where he sees Feathers arrive dressed in his "chicken disguise", Gromit realising from the wanted poster that the penguin is a wanted thief. Wallace, in a deep sleep after the day\'s misadventures, is unwittingly brought into the robbery by Feathers and marched out of the house to the museum. Feathers uses the suction feet on the trousers to climb the wall, enter the building through an air vent and walk along the ceiling, avoiding the laser alarm system. The helmet Wallace is dressed in contains a remote-controlled claw which hooks the diamond. The diamond has barely been hooked  when a loose ceiling tile sets the trousers off balance, causing the claw to trigger the alarm, which wakes Wallace up. After marching Wallace out and back to West Wallaby Street, Feathers reveals his identity and traps Wallace in a wardrobe. As Feathers makes for the door with the diamond, Gromit confronts Feathers with a rolling pin. Feathers pulls out a revolver and forces Gromit into the wardrobe with Wallace, locking them both inside. Being an expert with electronics, Gromit manages to break into the trousers\' circuits to make them march and eventually break the wardrobe apart. There follows a fast chase aboard a train set, as Gromit attempts to stop Feathers escaping with the diamond. Wallace\'s attempts to aid are mostly unsuccessful, though he removes Feathers\' revolver and frees himself from the trousers. After Feathers\' train is abruptly stopped by the trousers, he is captured and handed in to the police station and imprisoned in a zoo. For catching Feathers, Wallace and Gromit are given their substantial reward, which pays off their debts. Meanwhile, the trousers, unceremoniously consigned to the dustbin, walk off by themselves into the sunset.'] ['Sweet Shop owner Louie needs to raise $300. The Boys try to sell their car to raise the money, but are unable to because the car falls apart when they try to show it to a prospective buyer. They decide to go to the bank and take a loan out on it, but just as they arrive the bank is robbed. The robbers bump into them and drop the bag full of the stolen money. As Sach picks up the bag to return it to the robber, Cathy, a photographer, takes his photo. After trying unsuccessfully to get the photo back, it winds up on the front page of the newspaper and Sach becomes a wanted criminal. Slip pretends to be a notorious gangster, Midge Casalotti, in order to get the stolen money back and to clear Sach\'s name. In the end, Sach is cleared and the gangsters, led by Ace Deuce, are apprehended. The film ends in an explosion, where a spare tire with the words, "Dead End" on it falls around the necks of Sach and Slip.'] ["In A Man's Gotta Do, Eddy, , lives with his wife, Yvonne, , and their daughter, Chantelle, , in a new suburb in the Illawarra part, south of Sydney. Eddy is a fisherman by day, but by night he works as a standover man, literally a toe-cutter. Dominic, , is his new offsider. Chantelle is upset because her fiancé, Rudi, a Russian air conditioning specialist, has disappeared. Did her Dad have something to do with it? The frustrated Yvonne begins flirting with Paul, the plumber, . Eddy encourages Dominic to read his daughter's diary thinking that's the way to get a better understanding of her needs."] ['At the start of the film Malcolm is working for the Metropolitan Transit Authority then operator of Melbourne\'s trams. Socially awkward and shy, Malcolm is obsessed with trams, but he is also a mechanical genius whose modest inner-city cottage is fitted with a variety of remarkable gadgets. When his boss  discovers that Malcolm has built himself a cut-down tram during work time and using work materials, and has taken it out on the tracks, Malcolm is sacked. With his mother dead and no other income, the local shop-owner advises him to takes in a boarder, Frank ([[John Hargreaves . Frank\'s brassy girlfriend Judith  soon moves in with him, and Frank reveals that he is a petty criminal who has recently been released from gaol. Despite their differences, the trio develop an awkward friendship, and when Malcolm learns of Frank and Jude\'s plans to stage a robbery, he decides to use his technical ingenuity to help them. In his first demonstration, he shows Frank the "getaway car" he has built, which splits into two independently-powered halves, and they use this to successfully elude police after Frank steals some cash from a bank customer. For his next demonstration, Malcolm stages a near-successful hold-up of a payroll delivery, using a radio-controlled model car and trailer, fitted with a video camera, a speaker, and a gun with which to threaten the guards . Frank walks in on Malcom\'s bedroom \'control centre\' while the robbery is in progress; joining in, he helps Malcolm to steal the cash, although it is eventually lost when the planned getaway route  proves too small and the bag of cash is knocked off the trailer. The trio then devises an audacious plot to steal the weekly $250,000 cash delivery from a major bank, and Malcolm collaborates with Frank and Jude to create a set of ingenious inventions. They plant a set of armed, remote-controlled motorised robot rubbish bins inside the bank, which are then secretly manoeuvered up to a overhead walkway between the two bank buildings. When the guards cross the walkway with the cash on a trolley, they are bailed up by the robot bins. With Frank\'s specially modified Ford Transit delivery van, stationed below, a spring-loaded arm fitted with a hammer swings up, breaks the glass of the walkway window, and the robots push the cash into a chute fitted into the roof of the van. The trio then make their escape, stopping in a lane to disguise the van as an ice-cream truck; they also set loose a Ned Kelly-like dummy in a radio-controlled wheelchair, armed with two shotguns, which they send out as a decoy for the police while they make their escape. They manage to elude the pursuing police, but they are nearly caught when two officers on a routine patrol pull up beside them and ask them for an ice-cream. Frank speeds away, with the police in hot pursuit, and they now employ their backup getaway plan. They dump the van in a suburban street and decamp on foot, but when the police arrive moments later and scan the area for the fugitives, they see only the back of a tram, pulling away into the distance. However, when we see the front of the tram, it is revealed to be Malcolm\'s custom-made mini-tram, with the trio and their loot aboard. In the final scene, we see Frank leaving a bank in Lisbon, Portugal  where he has just deposited the proceeds of the Melbourne robbery. He then meets up with Malcolm and Jude at a local cafe, and as the film concludes they lay plans for another daring robbery.'] ['This comedy sees Will Hay playing a seedy lawyer, who finds himself marked for assassination by a forger whom he previously defended unsuccessfully. He teams up with an incompetent solicitor to try to prevent the deaths of others involved. The film climaxes with a sequence where Hay hangs from the hands of the clock face of Big Ben in an attempt to prevent a time bomb being detonated.'] ["On Christmas Eve in Wichita, Kansas, mob lawyer Charlie Arglist  and crooked businessman and pornographer Vic Cavanaugh  gather together the $2 million they have stolen from their mob boss Bill Guerrard . While it initially appears that there will be an easy getaway for the pair, they learn that the roads in and out of the city are too icy to drive on. Vic takes the cash for safe-keeping and they split up and try their best to evade being captured by Guerrard and his men, who have discovered their scheme. Charlie visits Sweet Cage, a local strip-club, owned by Renata Crest , a woman whom Charlie has long lusted for, and she quickly deciphers that he's hiding something. He hints at the existence of the money, and she suggests they go off together. Before they can do that, however, she tasks Charlie to find an incriminating picture of a local politician, at a hotel. Charlie goes there and runs into his friend Pete , who is married to Charlie's beautiful ex-wife. Pete is very drunk, and tags along with Charlie for as long as it takes for Pete to pass out. Charlie goes back to Renata and gives her the photo, and she tells him that Vic had called her earlier and said that Charlie had been right about mob enforcer Roy Gelles ([[Mike Starr  tailing the two of them. Charlie goes to Vic's house and finds Vic's wife dead. Vic arrives and reveals that he's locked Roy in an industrial trunk. The two stuff Roy, in the trunk, in Charlie's ex-wife's Mercedes  and head for a local lake. On the way, Roy continues yelling at the two of them, and Vic gets annoyed and shoots at the trunk. Charlie and Vic get the trunk down to the dock, but it's shot open from the inside and Roy gets out, shooting Vic in the process. A shootout ensues, ending with Roy dead and Vic fallen into the frozen lake. Charlie realizes that Vic was going to kill Charlie and take the money for himself, and leaves Vic to die. Returning to Sweet Cage, Charlie finds that Bill Guerrard himself has come and tied Renata up. Charlie finds a shotgun in the bar and turns it on Guerrard. Another shootout ensues, with Charlie being injured and Guerrard killed. Charlie and Renata go back to her house, and Charlie finds the money hidden there. It's revealed via flashback that Vic and Renata were planning to go off together after Vic had killed Charlie. Charlie kills Renata just before she can kill him. Charlie and Pete then drive off together, deciding to make new names for themselves."] ["Set in rural New Zealand in 1949, Wes Pennington  and his partner Cyril  are out to ride a great horse-racing scam for as long as they can. They are inveterate gamblers who have joined forces to bilk local bookies by taking advantage of delayed broadcasts of horse races. To stop being caught the duo don't stay in each town for too long, but when they arrive in Tainuia Junction, fate catches up with them. Through a series of unforeseen circumstances, Cyril and Wes get involved in uncovering a bootlegging ring, arson, murder, and other dastardly deeds. The townspeople are in a class of their own, including the Tainuia Kid , a Maori man who believes himself to be a Mexican bandito, who becomes a kind of protector for the put-upon, gambling duo."] ['The movie tells the story of four ex-convicts who journey to Rome to attempt to kidnap the Pope, planning to charge a ransom of "a dollar from every Catholic in the world."'] ['Three college students, Toby, Casey, and Jude, start up a bookie business taking bets from various clients. Their business immediately booms, arousing suspicion among local campus authorities and Toby\'s girlfriend, Hunter. They subsequently are able to purchase many expensive items such as big screen televisions and new computers to help them manage their complex business. When their business takes off, Jude receives threats from two local Italian bookies to back down because their territories for the business overlap. When a plan by Jude fails to materialize when betting on the college\'s team to win the game, Toby devises a way to eliminate the threat from the other bookies and get them out of the business. Jude makes a bet with the two Italian bookies, letting them choose whatever game and winner they want, which ends up being a boxing match. Knowing the game would be fixed, Jude and the others liquidate all of their assets and bet all of their earnings on the boxing match. The underdog on which they placed the bet won. Some money went to pay off the Italian bookies, while the remaining spoils were divided amongst the three. Jude drops out of school and Toby says that "he wasn\'t first genius to flunk out of college." Casey changes his major, gets new friends, makes the dean\'s list, and doesn\'t see Toby much. Toby continues at college and uses his money to get through grad school. He plays Hunter in a foosball match to win another chance with her after having lost her love through the ordeal.'] ['The film opens with an infomercial, given by Dick Dupre  played by John C. McGinley, which Larry  and Rico  are watching. Larry and Rico are two stoners who live in a one-room apartment, and after watching the entire infomercial, they decide to start a "tiny classified ads" business. This is a running gag throughout the film. Each time they explain their new "business," someone asks, "Ads for what?", and they respond confidently, "That\'s not the point! It\'s complex" or "The ads themselves... they generate income", simply quoting the infomercial. After the two are locked out of their apartment by their landlord Lance  for being late on rent, the two are stuck for a way to get cable television so they can watch The Shawshank Redemption during a 24-hour marathon on TNT. Larry, in despair because his car won\'t start and they will miss "the Shank," remembers a rehab brochure he picked up, and decides that he had reached "his bottom", and needs to go to rehab. Rico decides to go with him after he sees in the brochure that the clinic has basic cable. In rehab, the two stoners quickly find themselves out of place among the hard drug addicts there, not to mention the counselors. Beside this, they also find out that the brochure was false, and they only have eight channels and no TNT. After spending their first night messing with junkies and each having a one-night stand with the women in rehab, the two are kicked out. They decide to go to see Big Daddy , a wealthy acquaintance of theirs. Big Daddy thinks that Larry and Rico are two guys his girlfriend Elise  has set up for his sale of an expensive collection of antique Indian Head pennies. The buyer is an aspiring rapper named Cool Crush Ice Killa , who wants to meet Larry and Rico at a bus station with the money. They forget the coins in Larry\'s car, and in a panic they run from the bus station with the money, with Ice Killa chasing them. They go back to Big Daddy\'s, where Ice Killa, who has a great fear of dogs, is chased up a tree by Big Daddy\'s trained guard dog. Larry, Rico, and Big Daddy then find out that Elise and Ice Killa were trying to steal the coins. Big Daddy then asks Larry and Rico to work for him in his investment in beachfront property in Nicaragua. At the airport, they run into Dupre, whose infomercials turned out to be a scam, and is now also investing in Nicaragua. The movie ends with another infomercial, this time featuring Dupre, Larry and Rico. Back at the apartment, two new stoners  are being told off by Lance for being late on rent, when Larry and Rico appear on the TV telling of their new fortunes. The new tenants hail them as brilliant, yelling "Nicaragua!" victoriously. In complete disbelief, Lance decides to hit their joint.'] ['Pollack, an underworld gambler, is murdered, but before he dies he hides $50,000 that he just won gambling in a newspaper and kicks it under a car. The next day Sach and Slip are walking in the street and find the paper and the cash. Gabe, who is a reporter, runs a story on them finding the money and the gangsters that Pollack won the money from come looking for them. One by one they take the money from the boys and are immediately killed by the mysterious "umbrella". Eventually the boys get tired of having the money taken from them and people dying around them so they hand the money over to the police. The "umbrella", not knowing that they boys no longer have the money, comes to collect it from them and is captured by the police who were staking the boys hideout waiting for the killer. After a short period of time the police return the money to the boys since no one has claimed it. They immediately hand over $38,000 to various charities that they promised the money to. Just as they were celebrating an IRS officer arrives and collects the remaining $12,000 for taxes and they are left broke and still owing Louie $5.00. As they leave the Sweet Shop they see a $5.00 bill on the street and scramble for it, with Slip finally getting it. But his possession of it does not last long as Louie steps in and takes it to settle their tab with him.'] ['The movie starts off with a voice over by Alec of events later in the movie, asking "Why do we make the decisions we make?" It then cuts to a year before, when the main characters are still at college in Eugene, Oregon. Alec\'s in the Administration and Records Office at his college where he argues with a clerk about a credit that is apparently missing from his transcript. Despite the fact that he is clearly one credit short of graduating, after four hours Alec convinces the college that he indeed has the credit and is set to graduate. The four of them have to move out of their apartment and proceed to work book buy back day, an event at college that lets students buy and sell used textbooks. The movie shows them repeatedly stealing some of the books and then selling them back to the book buyer in a smooth and elegant manner, as though they have done this many times. They also visit their favorite bar, Rennie\'s Landing, one last time. Casey asks Sam at one point why nothing has ever happened between the two of them, but she brushes him off and just tells him "don\'t." The movie then picks up a year after they have graduated from college. Alec, the main character, is working as the secretary for a producer who he hates. Sam is in a dead end relationship and working at a Mexican restaurant in Salt Lake City, Utah. Casey is working as a coach for a girl\'s soccer team. Trevor is trying to become an actor, and working as stage crew for movies. Sam tells her boyfriend that she got the social service job she always wanted, but her boyfriend isn\'t quite as thrilled. He has also spent most of their money without her knowing. Consequently, Casey was coming to visit as this happens and he and Sam leave to visit Alec and Trevor, who are now roommates. During the visit, Alec is diagnosed with a brain tumor, a fact that he conceals from his friends. Casey reconnects with a woman he used to date and who had had his baby without his support. Upon learning that the child died before his fifth birthday, Casey visits the child\'s grave and says that he\'s more responsible than he used to be, and he\'s ready to be a father now. The four friends visit a convenience store, which Alec attempts to rob on a whim. This alarms his friends, who demand some kind of explanation, which he fails to provide. He then takes a long walk and decides that they all must take control of their lives. His solution to their problems is obvious in his mind; he wants them to rob a bank. At first his friends are skeptical, but they\'re all gradually shown how meticulous Alec has been about details; he had the whole thing planned down to the minute, but stresses that any slip up will cost them time and potentially cause them to fail the mission. Slowly they all join the plan and go to rob the bank to help cope with the new problems in their lives. Sam wants to run away with Casey, who wants to help an immigrant woman and her daughter stay in the country, Trevor wants to go to Fiji, and Alec\'s plans aren\'t really clear. The gang then don their disguises and proceed to rob the bank. The robbery is successful in that they find a larger amount than expected, $5 million. They steal the cash and successfully get out of the bank, splitting up according to their plan, except Alec inadvertently knocks over a jar of pennies that he brought into the bank with him as a distraction for the bank manager and security guard. The jar shatters and its contents spill out all over the floor. Realizing he does not have time to recover the jar\'s contents, Alec leaves it behind. Casey and Sam meet up at a restaurant called The Outlaws, the agreed-upon meeting point. They are joined by Trevor, and the three wait nervously for Alec, who is late. A television news broadcast in the bar states that the police have recovered a very good lead. Stuffed among the jar of pennies that Alec unintentionally left behind at the bank was a Rennie\'s Landing badge that Trevor was playing with innocently earlier in the film. The badge has Trevor\'s full name on it. Using this lead, the police issue a broadcast alert for Trevor, who had just used his credit card at the restaurant to pay for their drinks. The bartender calls the police, who surround the bar. Casey is stopped leaving the bar. Sam goes to the ladies\' room. Trevor comes outside to join Casey and sees that he is surrounded. He reaches into his back pocket for his keys, but the police  fire on Trevor and Casey, instantly killing Trevor and mortally wounding Casey. Sam, hearing the commotion, exits the ladies\' room using a back window. As she inches around the bar, she sees Trevor dead and Casey laying on the ground. He looks up at her and realizes she can still escape. When the police ask a dying Casey if anyone else is still inside, he says no, then dies. Watching all of this from a distance is Alec, who was running late but had showed up at the meeting point to join his friends. As he watches Trevor and Casey lying dead or dying, all of a sudden Alec falls to the ground. From that point, the viewers see a montage of the events in the movie, some of which were previously shown out of order. The viewers ultimately realize that everything that transpired after the first 20 or 30 minutes of the film  were just hallucinations in Alec\'s head. In fact, he collapsed from his brain tumor at the bank that he robbed in his fantasies. We see Alec die and then hear his voiceover narration wishing his friends well and saying he hopes they live rich lives and can see each other again someday. The film had its national premier on June 17, 2001 at the Harvard Exit theater during the Seattle International Film Festival, under the title "Rennie\'s Landing".'] ['A Milanese gangster contacts Peppe ; he has identified him and his accomplices as the perpetrators of the bungled attempt at the Madonna street pawn shop. His offer is to reunite the same men for a daring robbery in Milan, where the local offices of football betting pool Totocalcio shift the weekly revenue on Sunday afternoon via a common car with just an accountant and a driver in it. The gang would have to travel north from Rome disguised among the supporters of A.S. Roma going to Milan for a football match, commit the robbery and then flee to Bologna via a souped-up car there to rejoin the returning sport fans. The Milanese seems tough and smart and his proposal sounds very inviting for the small-time crooks who all have their problems trying to lead an "honest" life, but things will go differently.'] ['Gabriel Caine , a con man, is released from prison in Winfield, Georgia and immediately gets to work on his next scam. Caine and his partner, Fitz , travel to a small town not far from the prison: Diggstown, a city obsessed with boxing. A mean-spirited man named John Gillon  owns almost all of Diggstown. He is feared by many but also respected because he was the former manager of Diggstown’s pride and joy, the once-famous boxer Charles Macom Diggs, the man for whom the town is named. Upon hearing a remark that Diggs once knocked out five fighters in one day, Fitz “drunkenly” says he knows of a fighter who could knock out any 10 in one day: Honey Roy Palmer. Gillon tries to take advantage of the situation and bets Fitz $100,000 that no one man can best ten Diggstown boxers in one day. Caine quickly volunteers to finance Fitz\'s bet and the con is on. Caine seeks out an old buddy, Palmer , who is now a 48-year-old YMCA supervisor. After some initial reluctance, Palmer agrees to participate and starts to train for the fight. Caine and Gillon agree to various conditions of the bet, with “one day” being 24 full hours and “Diggstown fighters” being able to come from any surrounding area of Olivair County. A loan shark backs Caine\'s bet, with the understanding that his health and welfare will be riding on the outcome. Caine discovers that Gillon’s treachery  goes deeper than Diggstown people know. As his manager, Gillon drugged Diggs during a fight so that Gillon could collect on the opponent’s long odds. Diggs suffered irreversible brain damage as a result. With help from his prison buddy Wolf\'s sister ([[Heather Graham , it is learned that Gillon has more than $1.5 million in assets. Caine tricks him into risking all of it. Now it is up to Honey Roy Palmer to defeat all 10 of Diggstown\'s men. They begin with: -- Buck Holland, who is played by former Heavyweight Boxing Contender Rocky Pepeli who puts up a good fight, Palmer barely beats him. -- Slim Busby, who like his brother, Hambone, has been bribed by Caine to take a dive. -- Billy Hargrove , who is easily beat. -- Sam Lester, who is secretly given a laxative before the fight and eventually runs from the ring. -- Hambone Busby, who, like his brother, has been bribed to take a dive. Gillon, however, threatens to kill Hambone’s brother, Slim, unless he is victorious in the ring. Hambone fights a vicious fight, but ultimately loses. Slim is indeed found murdered. Palmer is enraged. His next fight is with Sonny Hawkins, who is easily dispatched. Robby Gillon, the son of John Gillon, approaches the ring next, but then backs out under instructions from his father. His cowardice is regarded as a forfeit. Frank Mangrum officially loses to disqualification after kicking Palmer in the groin, then hitting the referee. Tank Miller, a gargantuan fighter, is next. He puts up a good fight, but a tiring Palmer eventually beats him. That brings up Diggstown\'s best man, Hammerhead Hagan, the only fighter ever to actually beat Palmer during their professional careers. He is brought in as a surprise ringer. Gillon moved him in as a county resident just before the bet rules were established, meaning that Hagan can legally fight. The bout is one-sided. Palmer looks done for, but he gets new motivation after seeing Diggs, who is sitting courtside, move his hand slightly . Caine, not wanting to see his friend die, attempts to throw in the towel, but Palmer catches it and throws it back. Palmer rallies to knock out his opponent. Palmer, Caine and Fitz begin their celebration of this miraculous feat. They are cut short by Gillon, who notes that his son never entered the ring -– therefore, only nine fights have transpired. The true tenth fighter is then introduced: Minoso Torres, a tough-as-nails boxer who ruled the boxing underground in the prison from which Caine was recently released. No one has ever defeated him. Gillon admonishes Caine with: "Never try to hustle a hustler." An exhausted Palmer is no match for Torres. But just when all looks lost, Caine whistles at Torres, gets his attention, straightens his tie and does a thumbs-down gesture . Torres drops his gloves and invites Palmer to hit him, hitting the canvas, knocked out. Caine was expecting such a trick from Gillon and bribed Torres long ago for a moment like this. Gillon has lost everything. Calm at first, he snaps and pulls a gun. His son, Robby, tries to intervene and Gillon smacks him. Palmer then grabs Gillon and prepares to deck him. Instead, he turns to Hambone, claiming, "My hands hurt." Hambone gladly obliges and delivers Gillon a powerful knockout blow. Caine congratulates Palmer: "What you did," he says, "couldn\'t be done." To which Palmer replies, "Now, you motivate me".'] ['Brooklyn Docks, 1957. After the consigliere  to the Mafia Don dies, crushed by a crate of tuna-fish cans, small-time hood George  sees his chance to move up. Together with his dim-witted sidekick, Dip , they celebrate with some "professionals" – George is ecstatic when treated to the oral talents of Glorice , the new girl on the docks. When they realize they\'ve forgotten mob boss Joey "The Heart" Aorta\'s  birthday, George suggests a date with the beautiful Glorice. But the date doesn\'t go well, and Aorta ends up with plate of spaghetti on his head. Fortunately, Aorta likes Glorice\'s tough style, and George and Dip celebrate. Their festivities are cut short when they discover that Glorice isn\'t a woman at all but a convincing transvestite. The two try introducing Aorta to other women, but none can match up to Glorice because, as Aorta says, "She\'s got balls". The Mafia Don even thanks George with a kiss, and George panics, thinking he\'s received the ominous "Kiss of Death". But his fear is unfounded as Aorta promotes George to Consigliere and throws him a party with a cake made by Mickey the Baker . As the assistant and new friend to the boss, George is forced to drive the two on a date which ends with Aorta on the receiving end of Glorice\'s oral talents. Aorta announces his engagement to Glorice with George to be best man, and the beautiful moll reveals to George her plan of blackmail. So George decides to hire hitman Briles , an expert assassin. But he fails when Glorice recognizes the hitman as a long-lost uncle, and the hitman is unwilling to kill a nephew in a dress. George, dejected, walks the streets when he\'s suddenly tackled by a draft detective. George proves his undraftable 4-F status by showing his flat feet. Discovering Glorice in the draft detective\'s wanted file, George turns Glorice in to the Navy. When Glorice doesn\'t turn up at the wedding, Aorta cries on George\'s shoulder, believing Glorice left him at the altar. George and Dip celebrate. That is, until Glorice returns from the Navy with some sailors who beat George up. Glorice finds Aorta and convinces him to have a quick wedding. A bruised George drives to the church, deciding to take matters into his own hands. He intercepts Glorice in the women\'s room and shoves the gun into the back of her head. But he doesn\'t kill her. Instead, the two start kissing, completely in love. Aorta walks in and threatens to kill George for stealing his fiancé. To save George, Glorice reveals "her" tool, shocking Aorta, who dies of a heart attack. At Aorta\'s funeral, it becomes clear that George is now the new Don, Glorice his "Mob Queen".'] ['Officer Avraham Azoulay is a patrolman in Tel-Aviv\'s district of Jaffa. He is an honest man, though extremely naive, and because of his character, has never been promoted during his twenty years in the force. He is married to a dull woman ; the couple have no children. His superiors, Captain Levkovich and First Sergeant Bejerano, decide not to renew his contract, though they feel sorry for him. In the meantime, he falls in love with the simple but charming prostitute Mimi, and removes her photograph from the arrests billboard. His wife finds the photo and tears it to pieces, which Azoulay secretly glues together again. Nevertheless, this love will not be realized as Azoulay refuses to divorce his wife, claiming that "it will destroy her". In addition, being a Kohen, he cannot marry a prostitute according to Halakha. Azoulay shows some success at dispersing a demonstration without resorting to violence because of his knowledge in the bible and in Yiddish; he also charms a group of visiting French policemen who adore the French-speaking policeman; in an Arab speaking club house he gives an unaware speech in Arabic. Azoulay is able to see people for what they are and not what they represent. None of these events, however, help to change his superiors\' decision to dismiss him. Azoulay forms a friendship with Amar, unaware that he is a notorious criminal. The criminal and his associates decide to fake a crime and allow Azoulay to catch them in the act so that he receive a promotion and regain his contract. They finally decide upon stealing ritual objects, including a large golden cross, from a monastery in the neighborhood. Azoulay manages to catch the criminal in the act and is finally promoted to the rank of a sergeant, but his contract is not renewed and he is forced to retire from the police. In the final scene officer Azoulay leaves the precinct with his new rank and policemen practicing marches in the courtyard all turn to salute him for the first and last time in his life. The final shot of the film presents Azoulay saluting the marching policemen as his eyes fill with tears. This image became one of the most memorable in Israeli cinema.'] ["Out of work scrounger Robert Martin lives with his dysfunctional family who are long suffering wife Kat, accident prone son and pregnant teenage daughter in a shabby house in Hatfield next door to the Galleria shopping centre above the A1 about 25 miles north of London. Competition addict Robert dreams of winning a holiday for his family and when he fails to win a competition in which he feels cheated out of, he flips and tracks down the elderly winners, threatens them with a gun, ties them up in the cellar and steals their tickets. The family enjoy the holiday. However, the Police catch up with Martin, he's convicted and goes to jail. He is later released to find his family life has improved since he was released from jail."] ['It\'s the late 1980s and low-level mobster Giacomo "Jackie Dee" DiNorscio has just been shot by his junkie cousin Tony Compagna, but refuses to press charges against him to police. Jackie soon gets arrested and is sentenced to thirty years on an unrelated drug bust. Tony, afraid of reprisals from the extended mob family run by Nick Calabrese, agrees to be a government witness for district attorney Sean Kierney, who intends to bring down dozens of organized crime figures all at once. Kierney tries to bribe Jackie to be a government witness as well, but it\'s not in the gregarious Jackie\'s nature to be a rat. That sets in motion a massive court case where Jackie, Nick and dozens of other mobsters are tried together for a countless number of crimes in front of presiding Judge Sidney Finestein. Upset with his current lawyer, who couldn\'t even keep him from doing a 30-year stretch, Jackie turns down an offer to be represented by lead defense attorney Ben Klandis and decides to represent himself in court, despite having no legal background or any real knowledge of how to proceed. Jackie\'s mischievous and vulgar manner amuses the jury on occasions but persistently irritates the judge, lawyers, witnesses and defendants, including his friends from the mob. As weeks turn into months, the court case evolves into a marathon affair. Jackie turns the courtroom into something of a three-ring circus. Ben begins to believe that maybe Jackie could be effective, but Nick Calabrese is furious and Judge Finestein repeatedly threatens the charismatic mobster with contempt of court. Jackie\'s estranged wife, Bella, visits him in jail, where he is becoming increasingly frustrated. Guards spy on him and prosecuting attorneys remove his favorite chair, causing considerable pain to Jackie\'s injured back. He apologizes to the court and tries to mind his manners in the end. The prosecutors and the defense return to their offices expecting the jury to deliberate for at least a week. However, the jury came to a decision after only 14 hours of deliberation. The jury reaches a verdict of not guilty. The entire courtroom reaches pandemonium as the family celebrates. The entire family hugs the jury as the jury is about to leave. Meanwhile, Jackie is the only one that returns to jail to finish his sentence. Jackie is welcomed as a hero in the correctional facility and the prisoners chant \'Jackie\' and extend their hands in tribute to the man who refused to compromise his family for his life.'] ["After Dortmunder  is released from his latest stint in prison, he is approached by his brother-in-law, Andy Kelp , about another job. Dr. Amusa  seeks a valuable gem in a Brooklyn museum that is of great significance to his people in his country in Africa, stolen during colonial times and then re-stolen by various African nations on multiple occasions since. Kelp and Dortmunder are joined by driver Stan Murch  and explosives expert Allan Greenberg  and concoct an elaborate plan for stealing the gem from a museum in Brooklyn. Although the plan  basically works, something always seems to go awry, and the quartet has to steal the diamond again and again. First off, the diamond is swallowed by Greenberg when he alone gets caught by the police during the initial heist. After Greenberg tells his partners where he hid the rock in the police precinct jail , the quartet attempt another heist on the precinct. Although the plan works, the rock is nowhere to be found. It is later discovered that Greenberg's father Abe , a dishonest lawyer who bailed his son out of jail, was the only other person who knew where it was. After a series of bluffs, Abe Greenberg reveals that he put the diamond in his safe deposit box and has made his own deal to sell the gem to Dr. Amusa, which will leave Dortmunder's quartet with nothing. Dr. Amusa fires Dortmunder for his incompetence. However, with the help of a hypnotist, Dortmunder is able to gain access to Abe's safe deposit box and retrieve the gem just after the bank opens in the morning. As Dortmunder exits the bank, Abe and Dr. Amusa arrive at the bank but do not see him in the crowd. Dortmunder climbs into a car where the others are waiting and a rousing cheer erupts as they drive off."] ['After the Sunset begins with master thief Max Burdett  and his beautiful accomplice, Lola Cirillo , stealing the second of three famous diamonds known as the Napoleon diamonds from FBI Agent Stanley P Lloyd . Max however is shot by Lloyd before he passes out from being gassed by them. Max survives and tells Lola to get the diamond. She does and leaves a one dollar bill in its place. They then retire to Paradise Island in the Bahamas. Their financial future is set, their career in crime a thing of the past. However, Agent Lloyd refuses to believe their retreat into domesticity. After six months, Lloyd shows up, breaks into Max\'s house, and starts searching for evidence: taking the bullet he shot Max with. Max arrives and points a gun at him while he is relaxing, prompting Lloyd to draw his. They lower their guns and Lloyd accuses Burdett of hiding out in the same place where a cruise ship is displaying the final Napoleon diamond and the only one he hadn\'t stolen. He thinks the two are planning to lift the third Napoleon diamond, and complete the set. Max denies this and Lloyd leaves with a movie Max thinks he will learn something from. Lola at first suspects Max is getting ready for another job, but he convinces her he isn\'t because she chose that island. When she discovers the bullet is gone, she tells Max who panics. She tells him she\'ll get it back. She hires two masseuse to get it back and they succeed. She then tells Max to get rid of it. Burdett unwittingly turns the tables and befriends the frustrated detective Lloyd, showing him the pleasures that Paradise Island has to offer, even paying for the most expensive suite, the bridge suite, for as long as Lloyd was there. Lloyd, out of his element, adapts quickly to the easy-going Caribbean lifestyle. Despite his pleas of innocence, Burdett\'s curiosity gets the better of him and he starts casing the ship. However, not only does Lloyd suspect that he\'s ready for ‘one more’ job, so does the local thug, Henri Mooré  whose bodyguard threatens Burdett to give him a ride to his boss\' where he tries to get him to steal the diamond for him so he can extend his humanitarian business. Burdett, still wanting the diamond for himself, pretends to work with Mooré, and gives him a fake plan as to how he would steal the diamond . Stan however has teamed up with local police constible Sophie  to catch Burdett, and tails him to Junkanoo, a local parade, where Max loses him, warning that he shouldn\'t tail so closely before he is hit in the face by a tuba player swinging his tuba by Max\'s request. Lola kicks Max out after he breaks his promise to spend their first sunset on her new deck she had been working on and after she finds out he lied about writing his vows to her. Max is forced to bunk with Stan, and they share their thoughts about each other\'s lives. The next morning, the authorities and Sophie discover them, revealing that Stan\'s FBI license is suspended. Later, while eating breakfast, the two come up with a plan to get Sophie and Lola back, involving a scuba diving trip. Mooré\'s man prepares to attempt to steal the Napoleon diamond, providing a diversion for Burdett to steal it himself. He switches place with an accomplice. Lola later discovers this and cuts off Stan\'s air supply to keep him from learning it. Meanwhile Henri\'s man is caught and arrested and Max steals the diamond. He then returns and saves Stan before he dies. On land, Sophie gets the call about the diamond being stolen. Sophie searches Max, but finds nothing. Stan and she angrily leave, while Lola prepares to leave Max. However, she is stopped by Mooré, who threatens to kill her if Max doesn\'t tell him where the diamond is. Fortunately, Stan arrives and shoots him twice, killing him. Lola is nevertheless unfazed, and leaves Max anyway. After spending the night alone in their home, he realizes he wants her back, and catches her just before she leaves, promising her she is his only jewel from then on. He then proposes with "the first diamond I ever bought" in his words. She accepts on the condition that she get the receipt. The next day, Max is met by Stan while celebrating, who tells him he was never drunk the night Burdett had to bunk with him, and entails how he let Max do all the work while he later recovered the diamond. Max concedes that his nemesis has won this time, and is simply happy to live out his life with and watch sunsets with Lola. However, he has fun with Stan when he tries to leave by remote controlling his car again, promising Lola it is the last time.'] ["Near the completion of his sentence in Sing Sing prison, Paul Vitti's life is threatened by assassins and corrupt guards while incarcerated. He fakes insanity and starts singing showtunes from West Side Story to get the attention of Ben Sobel, who previously hung up on him while attending his father's funeral. The FBI calls in Ben to see if Vitti is really insane. This appears to be the case, and Ben gets permission to take Vitti out of prison, into his own custody, for more therapy. On their way out in Sobel's car, Vitti reveals that he faked it. Needing some therapy himself after his father's death, a grieving Sobel talks Vitti into finding a regular job . Vitti attempts to find a legitimate job , but his rude manners and paranoia mess things up. At the same time, he also discovers that the Rigazzi family is who wants him dead. He reacts to this by telling the Rigazzis that he is 'out' and seeking a new line of work. He finds employment working as a technical advisor on the set of a Sopranos-like mafia TV series. Meanwhile, FBI agents inform Sobel that Vitti has his old crew back together, and may be planning something big. This rouses Sobel's suspicion, and he visits Vitti, getting caught up with him in a car chase, which ends up with Vitti escaping. The FBI blames Sobel, and gives him 24 hours to track down Vitti. After locating Vitti , Sobel discovers Vitti is planning a big armored car heist. He tries to talk Vitti out of it, but Vitti goes ahead and Sobel is forced to go along. The crew ambush the armored car with smoke grenades, and lift it over a fence in the midst of the confusion. They extract $20M worth of gold bullion, but some of Rigazzi's thugs take over. Sobel in a fit of anger defeats one of them and Vitti's men take care of the rest. They use the $20 million in gold bullion to frame the Rigazzi family, leaving three Rigazzi goons locked in the armored truck suspended from the crane. This leads to the arrest of the entire Rigazzi family, and in turn, prevents a mob war. Sobel meets with Vitti and Jelly near bridges on the New York waterfront, and they part ways again as friends, singing another West Side Story showtune together."] ['Willie T. Stokes works the holiday seasons as a mall Santa with his dwarf friend, Marcus, who works as Santa\'s elf. Every Christmas Eve they disable the security alarm after hours and rob the mall; afterwards, Marcus returns to living with his wife, Lois, while Willie goes to Miami and spends all his money on alcohol and other hedonistic, self-destructive and usually illegal pursuits. The next year at a new mall in Phoenix, Willie\'s alcoholic rants arouse the suspicions of mall Manager Bob Chipeska, who asks Security Chief Gin Slagel to investigate. Willie meets bartender Sue, and they begin a relationship. He also meets a pudgy, preteen boy, whom he nicknames the Kid, during their visit in the mall. When he leaves a bar a hostile man confronts Willie, but the Kid stops the man from beating Willie. A lonely, unpopular boy, the Kid lives with his senile grandmother; his mother is dead and his father is in prison for embezzlement. Willie takes the Kid home and breaks into the safe, taking the money and his father\'s BMW. Irritated by Willie\'s reckless behavior, Marcus berates him for his new car, his alcoholism and his flirtatiousness with customers. When Gin breaks into Willie\'s motel room posing as a police officer, Willie moves in with the Kid. During his time spent with the Kid, Willie starts to show small signs of kindness, offering the Kid advice on fighting and playing checkers. Willie causes more trouble at the mall but continues to spend time with Sue and the Kid. Marcus is continually disgusted by how unreliable Willie has become. Gin, meanwhile, discovers the history of the criminals and he demands half of the loot, creating further friction between Willie and Marcus. Willie goes to the mall drunk and destroys a nativity display. Marcus and Gin try to cover it up, but get into an argument. The next day, Willie tries to commit suicide, giving the Kid a letter explaining the mall robbery. He changes his mind when he sees how the bullies have blackened the Kid\'s eye; Willie beats up the lead bully. Willie feels that he did something good for the first time in his life. To make sure the Kid can defend himself, Willie and Marcus try to teach him how to box. The Kid gives Willie a Christmas present in advance: a wooden pickle he bloodied when he cut himself carving it. He gives Willie a low-grade report card, hoping to make him happy. Willie learns the Kid\'s name is Thurman Merman. Thurman asks for a pink stuffed elephant this year, since he has not received any presents for the past two years. That night, Marcus and Lois murder Gin with their van when he refuses to take less than half the money. On Christmas Eve, Sue helps Willie and Thurman decorate their house for Christmas. Willie leaves to rob the mall with Marcus. After cracking the safe, Willie takes a stuffed elephant for Thurman. However, Marcus produces a gun and plans to kill Willie because he is too unreliable. Willie, in tears, asks Marcus and Lois if they really need everything they steal. Fortunately for Willie, the police arrive, having been tipped off by Willie\'s letter that Thurman gave them. Willie flees and speeds (to the sound of [[Nocturnes, Op. 9  to Thurman\'s house to give him his present; he arrives at the house but the police shoot him eight times in front of the neighborhood. Willie survives and avoids prison time because of the letter and the fact that an unarmed man dressed in a Santa suit getting shot eight times in front of screaming children "is more fucked up than Rodney King", as Willie puts it. The police arrest Marcus and Lois. Sue is legally given guardianship of Thurman and Willie receives a sensitivity trainer job for the police department. Thurman walks outside to fix his new bike. The bully that had previously tormented him is waiting outside his house and confronts him, but Thurman kicks him in the testicles and rides away with a carefree attitude.'] ["My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves starts with a gangster and killer, Sikander , murdering someone with his gang; they bury him and flee. Then the story line drops to a young man, Anthony Gonsalves , who accepts Sikander for his father, guru, everything, since Sikander adopted Anthony when he was a young child living on the streets. He didn't exactly adopt him, since he says that his real father is the town priest . Anthony's big dream is to become a famous and wealthy actor and be as kind as Sikander&mdash;he doesn't know that Sikander is a murderer. Sikander never told him because he wanted Anthony to be a kind and nice gentleman, unlike himself. Anthony has big dreams, like living with high society peoples, meeting his idols, Priyanka Chopra, etc. One day when Anthony is practicing film dialogues with a couple of street gangsters, he meets Riya , a woman who has no more family, is an orphan, who lives a middle-class lifestyle in Mumbai and works as an assistant director for a movie producer, Bharucha . Anthony introduces himself as the son of Jeffrey, who died in 1986, and works as a waiter in Jimmy's Pub, Bandra. She meets him again in the studios when he comes to audition for the part of Mark Anthony in a re-make of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. Both are attracted to each other and continue to meet. Little does Riya know that Anthony has lied to her, as he never had a father by the name of Jeffrey. When he gets the role of Mark Anthony, he goes to tell Sikander and he sees him murdering a person. Anthony now knows the true side of Sikander. Anthony doesn't tell, but somehow how police inspector Khan  finds out and goes to alert for Sikander, for which he needs the help of Anthony. He gets Anthony on his side, but Anthony is a man on his word and blames all the murders on Sikander's boss . To make it look real, Anthony does fake stunts, like blowing Murtaza's factory up and acting dead. In the climax, Anthony, Sikander, and the priest who raised Anthony, get together to kill Sikander's boss; that's when the police enter. Sikander gets arrested. Anthony marries Riya and becomes a big hero, a superstar, and his dreams come true."] ["The film centers around a six-year-old girl named Savannah , whose father is running for the United States Senate. Because Savannah's parents pay no attention to her, she decides to run away, leaving a note before she flees. Unfortunately, her father, fearing the note may hurt his chances of winning the election, burns it without even reading it. When her aunt picks her up and they go to the park, Savannah switches cars and ends up with two escaped  convicts . The convicts take her in and soon discover that her father has posted a reward of $100,000 for her safe return. Unexpectedly, they grow close to her, and Savannah finds the love and attention she always wanted. The convicts arrange to return her, with the help of the family priest , but she becomes lost in the mountains. The convicts refuse the opportunity to escape in order to search for her and bring her back safely, ultimately surrendering to the priest and the police."] ["Millionaire Sam Stone  intends to murder his hated wife, Barbara  to gain control of her $15 million family fortune and run off with his mistress Carol. However he is pre-empted by a phone call from an anonymous man announcing that Barbara has been kidnapped and that Sam must pay a ransom or she will be killed. Overjoyed, Sam deliberately disobeys all of the kidnapper's demands , believing this will ensure his wife's death. He is happy that she will die and he won't be legally implicated at all in her death. The kidnappers are Ken  and Sandy Kessler , who want revenge on Sam for stealing Sandy's fashion design, along with the Kessler's life savings. Barbara is imprisoned in the Kessler's basement, where she proves a handful to the amateur kidnappers. When Sam doesn't show up with the ransom on several occasions, it becomes obvious to Ken that Sam doesn't want his wife back, and would rather she were dead. Carol, having learned of Sam's plan to kill Barbara, secretly intends to blackmail Sam, with the help of her handsome but dim-witted boyfriend Earl . Knowing Sam plans to dump his wife's body in the Hollywood Hills at night, Carol has Earl lie in wait with a video camera. He mistakenly films a rendezvous between a prostitute and her client performing noisy sex in the front seat of a car. Earl, hearing the woman's screams, thinks the murder is happening right in front of him. Without watching the tape, Carol sends an anonymous copy to Sam, who sees the sex act and thinks Carol has sent it to him as a tittilating birthday present. Carol sends another anonymous copy to police chief Henry Benton  &mdash; who happens to be the prostitute's client. When Carol calls him, Benton, thinking that he is being blackmailed, asks for her demands and she tells him to arrest Sam Stone for murdering his wife. Benton orders a search of Sam's house, planning to plant evidence in it, but real evidence turns up—a bottle of chloroform Sam intended to use to sedate his wife, and pictures of Sam with Carol. The kidnapping investigation, which has led to Ken by now, is immediately called off, and Sam is arrested. Sam now faces the unhappy prospect of having to get his wife back in order to prove his innocence. Taking up exercise to relieve her boredom, Barbara loses twenty pounds. Unexpectedly, she bonds with Sandy over this, and Sandy lets Barbara wear some of her dress designs to show off her new figure. Barbara loves them, and offers to go into business with Sandy, so Sandy decides to let Barbara go. Barbara leaves the house, but comes back as soon as she finds out from the newspaper about Sam's mistress; she realizes he wanted her dead. She returns and is attacked in the Kessler's home by a notorious local serial killer, The Bedroom Killer, who falls down the basement steps and dies. Barbara, Ken and Sandy plot revenge on Sam. Now desperate to prove his wife is alive, Sam offers to pay the ransom the moment Ken calls him again. Armed with Barbara's inside knowledge, they have increased the ransom to equal Sam's own personal net worth: over $2 million. Sam is outraged, but has no choice; he withdraws the cash, but begs the police to watch the drop site. Carol finally views the videotape and realizes Earl's mistake; Barbara really was kidnapped. She calls Sam and learns the time and place of the ransom drop. At the ransom drop, Sam waits with his life savings in cash in a briefcase. Ken arrives in disguise to get the money, but then scores of hidden police suddenly appear. Sam gives the briefcase to Ken, but Earl arrives with a gun shortly after; he is intent on robbing Sam, but he actually tries to rob Ken . In the ensuing confusion, Earl is captured, and Ken takes the briefcase in his car. He drives towards the coast, with many police cars following him. He drives onto—and eventually off of—the end of Santa Monica Pier with the ransom cash inside. The police search the water and bring up the car, with the body of the Bedroom Killer inside . Only a few thousand dollars of money are recovered from the sea. Although he has lost all his money, Sam holds out hope that Barbara will now definitely be killed—because  if anything went wrong, they'd kill her, and he'd inherit her $15 million fortune. But Barbara shows up and lies to the police that her kidnapper  was schizophrenic, believing himself to have accomplices, and so she was able to escape as soon as he left. The police walk away in satisfaction. Sam, meanwhile, is taken aback by how thin Barbara is. As they embrace, she beats him up, tells him that she wants a divorce and pushes him into the water. On a beach not far away, Ken emerges from the water in scuba gear, carrying the briefcase with the ransom cash. Sandy runs to meet him and embraces him lovingly. They are joined by Barbara."] ['Roger  is a security guard at an art museum who is only rarely in motion, opting rather to stare at his favorite painting, The Lonely Maiden, The Lonely Maiden a beautiful woman staring forlornly out into the distance. Despite the fact he has a wife, Rose , he\'s become rather obsessed with the painting. Rose wants Roger to retire so they can move to Florida. One afternoon, Roger learns that several pieces including The Lonely Maiden are to be permanently moved to another museum in Copenhagen, Denmark. Unable to follow the maiden, Roger falls into despair until he meets Charles , who has a similar attraction to a painting on another floor of a woman with cats. George  is also obsessed with a piece of art, a nude sculpture of a Greek warrior; he often strips down and poses naked beside it during his night shift. Using the advantages between their shifts and experience, George comes up with the idea to steal their favorite works of art and replace them with replicas. Roger volunteers to tag the artworks being shipped, while Charles and George seek assistance in replicating their favorites. Because Charles is a painter, he\'s able to do the cat painting perfectly, but he fails in capturing The Lonely Maiden. The men hire a street artist  for that task, forcing Roger to steal Rose\'s Florida vacation savings to pay for the job. Rose becomes suspicious and nearly ends up having Roger taken off the volunteer staff. George manages to replicate "his" sculpture and the Maiden copy is also completed. On the day of the switch, George sneaks into the warehouse in the crate with the statue. He successfully swaps the three marked pieces, but can\'t resist stripping down and posing with the statue. A guard shows up, forcing George to hide in the crate without his clothes. The next morning, when Roger and Charlie  come to collect him, George ends up boarding the wrong van. A panic-stricken Charlie gives chase, and they manage to successfully rescue George, who emerges . Having pulled off the heist without getting caught, they retire from their jobs and Rose is none the wiser. On a trip to Florida, Roger is enthralled by Rose as she looks out over the ocean because she strikingly resembles the Lonely Maiden pose. Their love life is rekindled. Meanwhile, the three men hide their treasures in a shack on Charles\' apartment roof so that they can go and view them at their leisure. However, when Roger looks at the painting, it doesn\'t inspire him like it once did. He smiles and remembers his wife. Meanwhile, in Copenhagen, a guard on duty passes the fake Lonely Maiden and looks at it, smiling...'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Elizabeth Lipp  visiting Istanbul, where she sees a traveling fair featuring replicas of treasures from the Topkapı Palace. Next she cases the Topkapı, fascinated by the emerald-encrusted dagger of Sultan Mahmud I. Leaving Turkey, she recruits her ex-lover, Swiss master-criminal Walter Harper , to plan the theft. They engage Cedric Page , master of all things mechanical, and Giulio the Human Fly , a mute acrobat. Harper and Lipp then hire small-time hustler Arthur Simon Simpson  to drive a car into Turkey to transport hidden explosives and firearms for use in the burglary. Turkish Customs search the car, find the firearms, and conclude that the gang are plotting an assassination. They then recruit Simpson to spy on Harper and Lipp. Page, picking up the car in Istanbul, is told a police ruse that only the "importer" Simpson is permitted to drive it in Turkey. While traveling with the gang, Simpson leaves notes for his police handlers, but most of his intelligence is worthless. When an accomplice who was to have helped during the robbery is injured, Simpson is engaged as a substitute and confesses that the police are watching them. Harper arranges to give the police the slip. That evening, Harper, Simpson, and Giulio steal the dagger and leave a replica in its place. Unnoticed by the thieves, during the robbery a bird flies through the window they entered and is trapped inside the vault. The gang deliver the dagger to Joseph, proprietor of the traveling fair display, who will smuggle it out of the country. The gang members then go to police headquarters to "reveal" their discovery of weapons in the car. The inspector asks Simpson to vouch for Harper and Lipp\'s whereabouts that day. Simpson backs up their alibi; however, the inspector learns that the Topkapı alarm was triggered by the trapped bird. Simpson\'s notes to the police provide a connection between the gang and Joseph\'s replicas of the Topkapı treasures. The film closes with the gang in a Turkish prison, where Lipp begins to tell them of her fascination with the Russian Imperial Crown Jewels in the Kremlin.'] ['{{Plot}} Nice guy John Plummer ([[Jason Lee  is engaged to ditsy Elaine , and intends to use his life savings of $30,000 to put a down payment on a house because he does not want to accept money from her wealthy father, Mr. Warner , who is also John\'s employer and who already considers John unworthy of his daughter. Warner also has a mean dog named Rex who hates John and always agrees with his master. Simultaneously, his niece Noreen , daughter of John\'s "trailer-trash" sister, Patty , is accepted to Harvard University, but needs an additional $30,000 on top of her grants and scholarships in order to attend. Noreen shows her uncle John a videotape made many years ago, at which time he promised to pay for Noreen\'s college education when the time came if she were to work hard and be accepted to a university. John now has a moral and financial dilemma—disappoint his fiancee and prove her father right by showing that he cannot provide for Elaine, or disappoint his niece, sister, and her friends, who all look up to him, and take away his niece\'s only chance to escape from a life of lower class poverty. John\'s best friend from high school days, who was picked on severely and cried nearly all the time, was an eccentric loser landscaper Walter \'Duff\' Duffy  tells John that one of his rich landscaping clients keeps large amounts of cash in an unlocked safe, and that no one is ever in the home on Sunday nights. Duff convinces John, who is bitterly opposed to the idea, that stealing from the homeowner would be alright, because no one will be hurt and the man\'s insurance company will reimburse the homeowner, justifying it by saying that insurance companies deserve to be ripped off, because they rip off the public. John reluctantly agrees, and he and Duff set out to steal the cash, but Duff runs off when lights come on in the home, leaving John staring down the barrel of the homeowner, Honorable Emmett Cook \'s gun. Rather than being shot or turned over to the police, John instead finds himself forced at gunpoint to cross-dress and role-play the part of Cook\'s late wife as the two men lie in bed and "spoon." Eventually, after taking an incriminating photograph of John, one of many identical photos Cook keeps in an album while explaining to John that he is "not gay, I just miss my wife," Cook releases him. As he is leaving, Mr. Warner and his dog are riding by, and takes note of John\'s panicked behavior, believing that he has caught John in an affair which will be evidence he can use to persuade his daughter to call off the wedding. Further capers ensue as John and Duff attempt to rob a liquor store and later attempt to con a drug lord out of $30,000 by concocting a phony story about running an ecstasy ring. Meanwhile, a police detective  is on to John and Duff, but never has enough evidence to actually pin any of the crimes on them. Meanwhile, Mr. Warner breaks into the gun-toting Emmett Cook\'s residence in order to get evidence against John, and once Cook catches him, he is forced to "spoon". Cook explains to Warner that he is not gay he just misses his wife. Warner tells Cook that he lost his wife also but he does not try to keep her alive by doing things such as this. Before leaving, Warner finds the incriminating photo of John from the album in hand. Eventually, John is forced to confess everything to his fiancée, after her father confronts her with a photograph of John in drag with Cook. Not only is the fiancée not upset with John, but she now respects and admires him far more for the lengths he was willing to go to in order to provide for her, spare her feelings and send his niece to Harvard. The fiancée Elaine then confides in John that her wealthy father keeps a great deal of money at his business, and that it would be easy for them to steal it. John, Elaine, and Duff set out to rob the business in the night. Unfortunately, Mr. Warner had hid his dog Rex inside the vault. Rex attempts to attack Duff by biting him in the crotch but Rex is instead aroused and does not let go. Duff manages to get the lovestruck dog into a room, so he can try to break a window it make it look like a break in. Duff frantically tries to break a window . The window will not break and Rex, yearning for Duff, finally escapes the room and jumps on top of Duff. Just as John and Elaine find the money, Mr. Warner finds them and tries to attack them but he is caught by the Detective who mistakes him for a burglar. John and Elaine escape to Duff\'s van but Duff is still being chased by Rex and has to jump inside the van but Rex follows them and finally has his way with Duff since there is nowhere else to run. The police arrive and the gang unsuccessfully tries to get away. They are all taken into custody by the detective and facing a series of charges such as: Breaking and enterering, animal cruelty, attempted vehicular manslaughter, , John feels like his goose is cooked, until the judge in charge of his arraignment turns out to be the gun-toting, Emmett Cook. Upon their mutual recognition, John writes, in his lawyer\'s notebook, a message to Cook and flashes it across the court, threatening to expose the judge\'s fetish—upon reading the makeshift sign, Cook quickly dismisses all charges against John. Finally, Duff comes through as best he can and gives John his life savings, $1000, which John bets on a longshot horse which wins and which paid 30 to 1. John and Elaine are married with Mr. Warner, Patty, Emmett Cook and Duff among their wedding guests, Noreen goes off to college, and, in the final scene, John is left to ponder how loser Duff could possibly accumulate $1000—the last scene shows Duff offering to "spoon" with Cook for $1000.'] ['{{plot}} Reverend Michael Hill  and his two children arrive in a mid-sized city as the new minister at North Avenue Presbyterian Church. The secretary/music director for the church, Anne , is wary of the changes Hill intends to implement. Hill wants to get people involved, and asks Mrs. Rose Rafferty  to handle the church\'s sinking fund. On his first Sunday, Hill learns from Mrs. Rafferty that her husband Delaney  bet all the sinking fund money on a horse race. Hill delivers a sermon less than 15 seconds long, then rapidly escorts Mrs. Rafferty out the church as astonished worshipers watch. She leads him to the bookie, hidden behind a dry-cleaning shop, and meets Harry the Hat , who recommends that Hill let the bet ride. Hill\'s horse loses and he is thrown out of the betting parlor. Hill summons the police, but the booking joint has been skillfully removed. That evening, Hill delivers a tirade against the organized crime in the city during a local television broadcast. He is chastised by his presbytery superiors for the tirade, and is urged to go out and build church membership in the area. His only success is with a rock band called Strawberry Shortcake, who he recruits to "jazz up" the music at church; Anne resigns as music director. Then, two treasury agents for the US government arrive: Marvin Fogleman  and Tom Voohries . They want Hill to help them close down the gambling racket by recruiting some men from the church to place bets that the agents will watch. Hill cannot find any men to help, but hits upon the idea of using women. Five women from his congregation  attempt to place bets in the company of the Treasury agents, but with disastrous clumsiness. The team changes tactics to try to go after the "bank" that the gangsters use, tailing the mob\'s deliverymen through town while Hill coordinates using a map at the church office. Two gangsters subsequently appear at the church during services and identify the women. Anne discovers the operation, even as Hill defends the Irregulars as keeping the gangsters off balance. Anne resigns from the secretary position, and soon after, the gangsters bomb the church. Hill is shocked at the gangsters\' act, and seems ready to give in, but to his surprise, Anne wants to join the fight. They do so, and continue to hammer the gangsters\' movements around town. Meanwhile, Hill receives word that the pulpit has been declared vacant and North Avenue will be discontinued as a church entity. Dr. Victor Fulton , a representative from presbytery, arrives to discuss the closure with Hill. Anne picks up two more presbytery representatives at the airport, but while bringing them to the church, she recognizes one of the mob\'s deliverymen and realizes she may be able to find the bank. She tracks the deliveryman to an isolated compound. Within minutes, all the Irregulars besiege the place as the gangsters attempt a frantic escape with their bank. A demolition derby ensues, the crooks are stopped, and the evidence is seized. The following Sunday, Hill\'s congregation gathers outside the gutted church while he delivers news of the indictments against the mob and of the closing of the church. However, Dr. Fulton steps in to proclaim that North Avenue has a new lease on life—it will be rebuilt. The youthful band starts the music again as everyone rejoices.'] ['{{plot}} A gang of thieves break into a high-security warehouse. An alert is sent to the police, but canceled due to unkown reasons. Two LAPD patrol officers, Hank Rafferty  and his partner Charlie Reed , decide to check it out anyway. During the investagation, Someone shoots Charlie dead, before the thieves drive away, leaving Hank in a state of shock. Earl Montgomery\'s  lifelong dream is to become a police officer is thwarted when Earl is expelled from the police academy after a simulated car chase results in a massive explosion. Hank crosses paths with Earl when Hank notices Earl trying to get into his car when he finds his keys stuck inside. Hank starts to question Earl, who race-baits Hank to the point of getting himself arrested. A bumblebee comes along, to which Earl is virulently allergic. Earl panics and Hank tries to swat the bee away with his nightstick. From afar, it appears as if Hank, a white cop, is brutalizing a black suspect while at the same time a Latino man catches the incident on tape. Disgraced, Hank is dismissed from the police force and convicted of aggravated assault. He spends six months in prison. After being released from prison, Hank takes a job as a security guard and continues to investigate Charlie\'s death. Noticing an alarm being tripped at a soft drink warehouse, then disabled, Hank goes to investigate. Meanwhile, Earl, who happens to be working for the same security company, is on duty at the warehouse, but is taking time off. When Hank arrives, he interrupts a burglary, and a gunfight erupts with the thugs, during which Hank and Earl cross paths again. Though the thugs get away, Hank recognizes the tattoo of the man who shot Charlie, whose name he learns is Nash . One of the thieves dropped a cellular phone, which leads them to a semi truck rented by the killers. Inside, Hank and Earl find a van. They drive the van out of the truck but the van falls off the bridge onto a garbage barge. Inside the van are what look like ordinary beer kegs, but Hank has them examined by a friend who works at a foundry, who informs them that the kegs are actually made of an aerospace alloy which is worth millions. Hank takes the van and the kegs to the house of his ex-girlfriend, Denise . They broke up after Hank was arrested, and Hank orders Earl to tell Denise the truth about the "assault." However, when Earl sees that Denise is an attractive black woman, he forgets his promise and starts hitting on her, playing the victim again. She throws both of them out of the house, and when Hank asks for an explanation, Earl reveals that he disapproves of interracial dating. Hank is infuriated and points out that for all his talk about racism, it is actually Earl himself who is the racist. During the argument, Hank punches Earl and storms off. Earl runs back to Hank, just as they are both cornered by police, learning that they are wanted as suspects in the bridge shootout. After they manage to escape, Hank realizes that the thieves must have an inside man in the police department. Tracing the van\'s owner to an address Hank and Earl stake out the place, but Earl foolishly rushes inside on his own, where he is confronted by Nash. Hank manages to get Earl to safety, but Earl takes a bullet in the leg. Since the police are looking for them, they can\'t go to a hospital, but instead return to Denise\'s house. She reluctantly agrees to treat Earl\'s wound . Fortunately for Hank, a bee flies into the house, and Earl runs for cover, making Denise realize that Hank\'s outlandish story about the "assault" on Earl was actually true and that Earl is, in fact, the racist. She throws Earl out of the house and reconciles with Hank. Based on something overheard from Nash, they follow him to a meeting at a Yacht Club and witness him talking to McDuff, who is revealed to be the mole in the police force. Hank and Earl share everything they know with Washington , and then pretend to approach McDuff, offering to sell him back the "beer kegs" for a large sum of money. However, Nash gets wind of their plans and takes Washington hostage first. During the climactic confrontation, Earl and Hank meet with McDuff, Nash and his men near the coast, rescuing Washington and killing or apprehending most of the thugs, including McDuff. During the shootout, Hank saves Earl\'s life by warning him about a gunman taking aim at him, getting shot himself in the process. Because of this, Earl fires the rest of his clip into the gunman, killing him. Earl engages in a fist fight with Nash on an unstable slab. Though wounded, Hank takes off after Nash alone and kills him by dropping a crane load onto an unstable slab Nash is standing on, flipping him over a cliff and into the ocean. In honor of their heroic actions, Hank is reinstated in the LAPD and Earl is admitted to the force, and they are made partners a short time later. While on patrol, Hank sees a suspicious-looking man trying to break into a car, but Earl assures him that the man has just locked himself out with the keys left inside, and helps unlock the car. But as the man drives away, the car\'s real owner screams, and Earl, realizing his mistake, shoots the back tires out. He tells the owner she can "re-procure" her car, at which moment the car blows up, leaving both cops dumbfounded.'] ["Jake and Tina have taken up residence in a London hotel, living way beyond their means. He is a commodities broker whose shipment of cocoa beans is tied up by a Third World country's revolution. She is a woman with extravagant tastes who is still technically married to Larry, her first husband. The two of them are so broke that when it comes time to pay for a dinner at the hotel, Jake hands a credit card to the waiter and prays that it won't be canceled. A pair of hotel executives, Mercer and Swayle, repeatedly make attempts to confront Jake and Tina about their growing unpaid bill. Only one object stands between the couple and total insolvency. That is a tiny sculpture by Henry Moore that was given to Tina by her husband as a gift. But just as she and Jake hatch a scheme to pretend the object is stolen and collect the insurance on it, a deaf housekeeper, Jenny, decides to steal it for herself."] ["A body left in a dumpster by Mafia hitmen is discovered by financially troubled travel agent Paul Barnell . Heavily in debt and attempting to find a cure for his wife's apparent Tourette Syndrome, he stages a disfiguring animal attack with the body in order to cash in his missing brother's life-insurance policy, for which a corpse is required. Local police are convinced, but a promotion-hungry insurance agent  is not. The Mafia hitmen are also in search of the corpse for proof to collect their payment. They take Paul's wife  hostage to ensure that they will get the body. Paul stays in his brother's cottage. Paul's missing brother Raymond  returns home, beats him, and demands a portion of the insurance money. By suggesting the insurance agent has assaulted him, Paul speeds up the delivery of the million dollar insurance payment. He has the body exhumed and agrees to exchange it and a portion of the money for his wife. In fear that Raymond will attempt to kill his wife to keep her quiet, Paul considers killing his brother in his sleep, but cannot bring himself to do so. The next morning Paul leaves his brother asleep and meets the hit-men for the exchange. Raymond is angered at his brother's deception and arrives as well, and is told by the insurance agent, who has finally pieced together what has happened about his million dollar policy. Raymond then pulls out a pistol and shoots Paul's fleeing wife in the back. He is in turn shot in the stomach by one of the hit-men . Paul finds his wife alive, the insurance money he had hidden in his jacket his wife was wearing stopped the bullet. The brothers reflect on childhood memories as Raymond dies. Using the money, Paul takes his wife on a flight to a tropical location, his love for his wife being the sole motivation for the whole situation."] ['Simon Garden is a well-meaning but ineffectual probation officer. At the beginning of the film, he is facing a tribunal after his entire department in Blackpool submit complaints against him, Garden having only had three successes in his career. He is therefore transferred to Manchester. In Manchester, he starts his new role and meets an attractive WPC, Emma. While looking into the case of a "client", Kirsty, a juvenile delinquent who had had Class A drugs planted on her, Simon witnesses the murder of an accountant by corrupt police officer Detective Inspector Burton. He is discovered, chased from the building by two bouncers and after being cornered, ends up falling into a canal. However, he has inadvertently left his wallet containing identification at the crime scene and is duly framed for the accountant\'s murder by DI Burton. Simon goes to the police with the story, but ends up being interviewed by Burton, who is leading the investigation. He releases Simon, but threatens him with prison unless he keeps quiet about his drugs scam and the murder. Simon first decides to leave Manchester for good and, feeling down, rejects the offer of a meal from Emma. While away from the city he walks past a shop where the TV in the window happens to be showing an interview with Burton, who will be receiving a bravery award, and also triggers his memory of the murder - he realises that a CCTV camera had filmed the whole event. He realises that this security tape will clear his name and show that Burton was the real murderer. He returns to the club where the murder took you place in order to try and find the tape, only to discover that it has been taken to a bank and placed in a safety deposit book. Simon sets out to round up his four successful ex-clients. He visits George in Blackpool and convinces him to join the plan. They then recruit Jeff, who has been working as a fishmonger, and Colin, who has been working in a computer shop. They visit the home of the former master-criminal Viktor, only to find his wife and his grave; his wife takes them to Viktor\'s secret underground workshop and says they can take whatever equipment they want from his extensive selection of technology and safe-cracking kit. The team gather in Simon\'s house and set out to devise a cunning plan to retrieve the tape from the bank. One evening they find Kirsty, Simon\'s first client when he started his new job in Manchester, has broken in and is attempting to steal his television. When she sees what they are doing she asks to join the gang to rob the bank, but Simon says she is too young. They tell her she has to leave but she convinces them that she will be small enough to slip through a vent that someone needs to access as part of their heist plan. The team train together, organise equipment, deploy a computer virus and invent a GOTLER . Over time they bond as a group, have fun together and formulate their plan. However, one night, DI Burton and several police officers  search the house for the head of the murdered accountant. DI Burton has obviously planted it in Simon\'s house and, despite Kirsty\'s attempt to dispose of it, manages to frame Simon and the others and they are arrested and end up in a police cell. Kirsty is taken off by the police, and manages to slip away from them at a garage. Simon tries to explain to Emma about the plan to clear his name but, because she feels that he has hidden things from her, she is reluctant to listen. Simon, George, Colin and Jeff are in their cell wondering what to do when the back of a van crashes through the wall - it is Kirsty who has stolen a van and is rescuing them. They jump in and speed off, with Kirsty at the wheel, determined to try and get to the bank and put the plan into action. Once there, they sneak onto the roof, activate all of Manchester\'s alarms and climb into the building. Simon uses the robot to activate the door, and they grab the tape. A man in disguise, who is apparently Victor, turns up, but the group are collecting money as well, before he vanishes. Once the job is done, the group flees from the bank, but not before Simon is briefly delayed by toughened glass windows. They finally arrive at the town hall, where DI Burton is earning a bravery award for saving Kirsty from a burning car earlier in the film. Despite being attacked by Burton\'s sidekicks, Simon finally proves his innocence by revealing the tape to the public, and Burton is arrested. Amidst the celebrations, Simon and Emma link with each other and kiss. Despite the title of the film, Simon Garden\'s character is actually a Probation Officer'] ['A local thief, Cosimo, is arrested for the attempted theft of a car. After he is sentenced and put in prison, he begins immediately on his escape by telling his partners that he has a plan for a heist but that he needs their help to be freed. In order to assure his release, they find an acquaintance named Peppe with a clean criminal record to take blame for the theft in the hopes that the police will release Cosimo. They instead have both of them jailed. While Peppe is in jail, Cosimo tells him the plans for the heist of a safe in a pawnshop. After revealing the plans, Peppe tells him that he got off merely with probation, leaving him free to pursue the heist without Cosimo, much to the chagrin of Cosimo. The heist entails the following: as the pawnshop is adjacent to a vacant apartment, they must first break into a small courtyard, climb onto the roof of another small apartment, and break in through a window of the vacant home. To accomplish this, they enlist the help of another local thief that is an expert on safes who tells them of a plan  to silence the alarm of the safe that they may break into it safely. While everything is planned, they discover that the vacant apartment has just become occupied by two spinsters and their young, attractive maid. Peppe learns from the young maid, with whom he flirts, that the two women never leave their apartment except on Thursday night. After arranging a date with the girl on this particular day, the group is distressed to learn that she quits her job and the women may in fact be there on the night. Meanwhile, a number of misfortunes are incurred by the group: Cosimo, who had since been released from jail, dies in a botched robbery; Mario, another of the group, bails on the plan in favor of a legitimate life for the sake of a beautiful girl, while another of the group is partially crippled after being attacked by the man whose camera he stole earlier for the purpose of daytime reconnaissance of the pawnshop. Despite this, they proceed with the plan anyway after learning that the women will not be in the apartment. Notwithstanding a number of bumbling entries, they gain entry into the apartment. After first boring a hole through a water pipe, they are forced to staunch the flow of water while remaining quiet after a night porter enters the apartment to make a call. After these obstacles, they bore another hole, this time knocking out a portion of the wall, revealing another room in the same apartment. After they realize their plan was miscalculated, they leave the apartment dejected - albeit as free men. Peppe then decides to find legitimate work, much to the surprise of an elderly member of the group. The film ends with a newspaper article recounting a robbery by unknown persons of an apartment for food'] ['The film revolves around three people - Lord Nicholas Dorset and his wife Britt, for whom luxury is a necessity, and their bank manager Mr. Graham. Over the years Mr. Graham has devised a plan to rob his own bank. His clients desperate financial straits make them ideal accomplices in his eyes, but to ensure their loyalty he makes love to Britt after sending her husband away, and bribes Nick with a retainer. The robbery scheme is dependent on timing and must be carried out on a Friday - the perfect Friday. With careful planning the simple, neat crime is eventually accomplished. But when their perfect crime has been completed each mistrusts the other - and with £300,000 at stake the three robbers have a lot to lose. It is noted for its snappy dialogue and charming chemistry between Baker and Andress. The underlying message of the film is about class in 1970s Britain. It has not yet been released on DVD.'] ['In Vienna, Baroness Teri von Horhenfels  relieves the boredom of her marriage to her rich but dull husband  with love affairs. One day, at an exclusive jewel shop to purchase a diamond ring, her tedium is lifted by a suave, charming thief  and his gang. In turn, he is entranced by her beauty. He locks her husband and her latest lover, Paul  , in the vault, and forces shop owner Hollander  to smoke a special cigarette that soon makes him forget his troubles. She however persuades him into leaving her free. However, he is not so carried away as to neglect his duties; he takes her ring, all {{convert}} of it. Teri returns home, to be envied her adventure by her friend Marianne . They are frightened to discover that an intruder has broken in and opened her safe. However, they become puzzled and relieved when they find that not only is nothing missing, but the ring has been returned. Marianne departs hastily, anxious to avoid becoming entangled in a scandal. The thief then appears; Teri tries to return the ring, since keeping it would raise uncomfortable questions. When he refuses to take it back, she accuses him of using her to hide out from the police. Then, Detective Fritz  arrives, flushes out the robber, and takes the two into custody. However, all is not as it seems. It turns out that Fritz is a member of the gang. The thief had used the fake arrest to transport Teri to his house without protest for a night of romance. She is intrigued. Vienna has become too dangerous for him, so he asks her to meet him in Nice, but she hesitates. Just then, the real police surround the place. He and his gang escape, leaving Teri tied up so as to divert suspicion. After she is "rescued", she decides she needs a vacation away from Vienna to recover from the excitement... in Nice.'] ["The film follows Durell   and LeeJohn  in Baltimore, Maryland, who are best friends and bumbling petty criminals. At the beginning of the film the two have just began working in a store that repairs electronic goods and the manager is impressed by Durell's skillful ability to fix things. LeeJohn gets both men fired when he attempts to steal a TV from the store. Durrel attempts to find another honest job but no one he asks is willing to hire him and he has stated a criminal record on his application form. LeeJohn gets them a one-off job for a local criminal or con man Blahka who will pay them $3000. While attempting to deliver the ten stolen wheelchairs worth $1200 each, they lose the merchandise in a police chase. They are sentenced to 5000 hours of community services. Then they are told they have 24 hours to pay $12,000 to cover the loss or they will be shot dead. Simultaneously, Durell's son will move to Atlanta unless he gives his ex some money to pay her lease on her business premises. Durrell does not care about Blakha but neverthess the pair work together to raise the money they need. First they try to get a loan from a guy named Mordecai at a massage parlor. LeeJohn goes to get a massage hoping to get close to the pretty Chinese attendant, he enjoys the massage immensely but is scared away when his masseuse is revealed to be Mordecai . The next day Durrel attempts to take Lee John's mind off what happened by pointing out a beautiful girl, Tianna the pastor's daughter, heading into the church for service, they follow her into the church and join the mass for service. The church has raised 230,000 dollars and is considering moving to new premises. Lee John comes up with a desperate scheme to rob their neighborhood church. Durrel is against the idea but eventually seeing no other option agrees. Instead, they are forced to deal with much more than they bargained for. They enter the church's office and encounter the terrified and smarmy deacon, they realize the church is far from empty as they believed, they accompany the deacon to a meeting planning to leave quickly so that his absence does not cause suspicion. During the meeting it is made clear that the Deacon is pushing the pastor to move the church. Tianna sees the deacon for the money-hungry self-righteous man he is, but is unable to convince her father. She is however close to one of the Church senior members, Momma T. The church choir then show up for an unscheduled rehearsal further endangering the pairs' plans. Finally losing patience Durrel fires a gun into the air and orders the Deacon to get the money. When they try to steal the money they find that the money has already been stolen. Enraged they both hold the church hostage until the money turns up. Durrel ties the pastor up as he is defiant and difficult and interrogates everyone about the money's whereabouts. He appears to suspect Tianna who looks down on him for obvious reasons. She reminds him that the pastor is her father, Durrel rebukes her by reminding her without money the church could not move, to which she has no argument. Meanwhile Lee John takes a little boy Timmy to the bathroom as he was making a fuss about wanting to go when he says he'll take the child back to his mother  the boy reveals his real mother left him and Lee John feels empathy with the boy. The police pass by and Durrell orders everyone to the back room and orders Ricky to poke his head out the door and talk to them. Ricky does so and attempts to signal to them with blinks and long drawn out words, however he is just seen as eccentric. The hostages moan that it is too hot. Durell goes to fix the broken air conditioner while LeeJohn watches over the hostages. To Lee John's bewilderment sister Doris begins cooking for everyone, using the church's kitchen, she gives him a plate and fondly remembers how her husband loved her cooking on his birthday. He expresses his sadness at never having had a birthday as no one knew his birthday, and is comforted by Sister Doris. Meanwhile, Durell and Tianna go to fix the air conditioner. After an awkward conversation where Tianna warms to Durrel and questions what he is doing, they finally get the air-conditioning going, and Durell orders everyone back to the lobby. Then the blind, deaf janitor finds the missing money. Durell receives a phone call from his son, which he is ashamed to answer. Momma T then asks for Durell's purpose for what he is doing. Durell answers that he is doing it for his son. Momma T then says that Durell is doing it for himself, as he is blaming everyone but the person responsible, himself;  Durell says that he will not lose his son and leaves the money. Unfortunately, cops have surrounded the church blocking their way out. The pastor tells them to escape out the back, which leads to a chase in which gets the two of them caught. At the trial, which the entire church attends, the Deacon says that they have been accused of stealing 64,000 dollars. The amount of money collected was half of what the Deacon claimed was stolen, which puts the deacon at question. The case is dropped after no one stands when witnesses are called. Durell goes back to Omunique's apartment where he is confronted by the men who gave them the wheelchairs. After he explains his situation, the two men allow him to go and get his son. Omunique opens the door yelling at Durell asking him where did the money come from. The money was left at her doorstep and Durell tells her it was a gift and implores her not take his son away, saying that his son is all he has. She tells him that she will stay. In the end LeeJohn and Durrel appear much happier and it is implied that Durrel is closer to his ex-wife and son while LeeJohn remains close to Doris and Timothy. The remaining money is used to restore the community and Tianna is seen painting a community centre."] ['The film begins in medias res, with the suspects getting caught and being interrogated. Then it flashes back to three years earlier and the film continues forward from there, interspersed with occasional bits from the interrogation. Three years before getting caught, Bridget Cardigan  lived a comfortable upper middle class life until her husband Don Cardigan  was "downsized" from his position and sunk into debt. The paycheck for Selina, the housecleaner, bounces again. Selina confronts Bridget and suggests she take a job as a janitor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. On her first day on the job, Bridget hatches a scheme to steal worn-out dollar bills slated for destruction. For her team she chooses Nina , who works the dollar bill shredder, and Jackie , who takes bill carts from the Secret Service room to the shredding room. It takes some work to persuade Nina to join, but Jackie joins them quickly. The plan is that in the Secret Service room Bridget will switch a cart\'s official Master-brand lock with a near identical lock she purchased at Home Depot. Bridget will tell Jackie the cart number and give Nina the official lock. When Jackie gets the chosen cart, she dumps some bills from the cart into a trash can before taking the cart to Nina, who then uses Bridget\'s key to open it and restores the official lock, and then proceeds to shred the remaining bills. Meanwhile, Bridget, in the course of her janitorial duties, retrieves the dumped bills from the trash and splits them among Nina and Jackie in the women\'s restroom. Their first robbery is a success though the take is not as big as they had hoped. However, they\'re emboldened to do it repeatedly. Once Don and Bridget pay off their debt, Don suggests they stop before they get caught. Bridget rejects this idea and persuades Nina and Jackie to keep going. They almost get caught but they end up cutting in Barry, one of the security guards, who is attracted to Nina. A Federal Bank Examiner shows up at a party at Bridget\'s house, and the next day Bridget sees him at work. The Examiner confronts Glover , who is unwilling to admit anyone has stolen a single bill out of his bank as a matter of professional pride. Tipped off, that night Bridget and her accomplices begin trying to get rid of all the loot stashed in their houses, but the cops move in before all the evidence is destroyed. Bridget escapes but the others get caught. Bridget hires a tax attorney to defend them. The lawyer gets Bridget and all her accomplices off the hook for their crimes, because neither the law enforcement, nor the examiner can prove that the large stash of cash in their homes came from the Federal Reserve Bank. Technically, it isn\'t illegal to have a couple hundred thousand dollars in cash lying around inside a private residence. However, they spent a large sum of that stolen cash to buy expensive objects and improvements on their houses, and did not pay the taxes for them because they couldn\'t justify the income. The IRS demands they pay their taxes, which turn out to be equal in amount to the money that still remains. Eight months later, Bridget reveals to Nina and Jackie that she had stashed away much of the stolen money in the basement of a friend\'s bar.'] ['The film centers on four aspiring filmmakers, Rome, Buzz, Max, and One-Eye, who go on a surreal rampage and make their exploits into a movie. While evading law enforcement, the filmmakers discuss their plans on how to make their movie as violent and sexy as possible so that they can sell it for a lot of money. After the group blows up a gas station, Rome flirts with an attractive woman he meets on the street, Tess, and tries to cast her. He gives her a copy of the script to audition, but after reading it, she disgustedly argues with the group about the shallow, adolescent nature of their movie. The argument is part of the script, however, and Tess passes the audition. The group orchestrates a few more scenes of violence for the movie, at times by recruiting bystanders at gunpoint to play roles, while other times creating situations simply by writing them into the script. Needing a villain for the movie, the group decides to kidnap their favorite B-movie star, Virgil Morgan, and force him to participate. They arrive at Virgil\'s Hollywood home and abduct him. After a few unsuccessful attempts to film a scene, Virgil tutors the group on basic filmmaking skills. Most of the actors that appear in the film, including those whose characters have already been killed, gather in Virgil\'s living room and perform a read-through of the script. The group orchestrates a climatic car chase and gun battle. During the chase, the group decides to name their movie "Killer Flick", with the tagline "Because we\'d kill to make a movie". At the end of the chase, Tess is shot and killed. The group tearfully buries her, consoled in the knowledge that her death was required by the traditional structures of screenwriting.'] ['The story takes place in a mysterious underworld of swanky nightclubs where armed criminals listen to Rat Pack music and hold shootouts from a seated position, behind desks. Mickey Holiday is the top enforcer for Vic, the mob boss. Vic is about to be released from a psychiatric facility, or, as his adversary Jake Parker puts it, "the loony bin." In his absence, Ben London has been running Vic\'s nightclub while Mickey has been romancing both Rita and Grace Everly, which is doubly dangerous inasmuch as they are sisters and Grace was previously Vic\'s girl. Parker recruits a number of hired guns in an attempt to seize power. Mickey kills the first to challenge him, Lee Turner. The next one brought in by Parker, identified as Nicholas Falco and supposedly the fastest draw of all, murders Mickey\'s close friend, Jules Flamingo, who is unarmed. A showdown is arranged and Mickey ends up eliminating both Parker and the apparently overrated Falco. Vic returns to resume his reign as mob boss. He brings with him a new enforcer, the "real" Nicholas Falco, the previous one having been an impostor. "Brass Balls" Ben London promptly challenges Vic for control of the organization  and is shot dead. Falco proceeds to gun down the remaining opposition, including "Wacky" Jackie Jackson, and is eager to shoot it out with Mickey Holiday once and for all. Mickey attempts to repair his relationship with Rita, who is furious that he has been seeing her sister on the side. Mickey finally confesses to Grace that he has been seeing her in the daytime and Rita at night. She also has been unaware that Vic is back in town. At a final confrontation held in a private office, Grace reveals that she is pregnant with Vic\'s child. Forced to choose between Holiday and Falco before they shoot it out, Vic sides with his old friend and Grace kills Falco. He and Mickey end up  living happily ever after with the Everly sisters.'] ['Wilbur Hoolick, a barber\'s apprentice, doesn\'t have enough money for train fare. Wilbur pretends to be an eleven-year-old in order to purchase a ticket for half price. Meanwhile, a valuable diamond has been stolen and the thief hides it in Hoolick\'s pocket without his knowledge. On the train, Wilbur gets the impression that the thief is a jealous husband. He hides in the compartment of Nancy Collins, a teacher at a private girl\'s school. Feeling sorry for "young" Wilbur traveling alone, she allows him to stay there for the duration of the train ride. During a stop-over, another teacher, Gretchen Brendan, boards the train and finds out that Nancy is sharing her compartment with "a man." Gretchen hurries to the school to let Nancy\'s fiancee, Bob Miles, in on this news. In order to protect Nancy\'s job and reputation, Wilbur must continue the charade of pretending to be a child. He accompanies "Aunt Nancy" to school. The jewel thief follows them in order to retrieve the stolen diamond. Along the way, Wilbur falls in love with Nancy, although she still thinks of him as a little boy. Eventually the thief retrieves the jewel and a chase ensues. In the end he is captured and Wilbur\'s identity is revealed.'] ["Quentin, a dim-witted small-time thief, holds up a foreign exchange booth. Unable to get the money he wants, he asks for directions to the nearest bank. When the police are given this tip-off, Quentin runs into a cinema where Ice Age is showing. He is caught when instead of continuing to run, he sits down and enjoys the film. Ruby, a henchman of the crime lord Vogel, who has been having an affair with his boss' wife, is thrown into a jail after getting caught hiding the loot that he stole from his boss in revenge for the death of his lover. In jail Ruby refuses to eat or speak, which concerns the jail's psychiatrist but fails to impress the detective in charge of the investigation, who sees through Ruby's ruse. At the suggestion of the detective, the two criminals meet after Quentin, an intolerable extrovert who has driven mad two other inmates, is put in with him. Quentin thinks that he has struck up a one-sided friendship with Ruby after conducting an uninteresting monologue, however they are parted again after Ruby fakes suicide to get out. Quentin does the same and ends up in the bed next to Ruby in the infirmary. Ruby manages to bribe the psychiatrist  into helping him escape the prison. Quentin, however, thwarts the escape and makes his own botched attempt at escape with help from a drunken long-time friend driving a crane. Once outside Ruby is unable to get rid of Quentin, and they both go through many adventures, including robbing a diminutive horse trainer's house, dressing up in Chanel, exchanging clothing with two impertinent youths, stealing a series of police cars and fixing Ruby's shoulder with a breaking chair, in pursuit of his former partners in crime. Sheltering in an abandoned shop, where Quentin plans to make a café business, they meet another homeless woman, who looks like Vogel's former wife. Ruby gives her some money and drops her off at a hotel to stay. After an exciting car chase where the antagonists are trapped in a car jam, they enter the estate of Vogel and in a shoot-out results in an incapacitated Vogel, and Quentin supposedly mortally wounded. Ruby, much to his own surprise as anyone else's, expresses his grief for Quentin, who tricks him into actually opening a café after he recovers."] ['When their money scam goes into the ground, two would-be thieves ([[Jason Lee  turn to kidnapping in an attempt to blackmail their target.'] ["Benny , Monk  and Matthew  are three small-time crooks trying to escape a police dragnet in New York City. After hiding in a church and taking minister's suits and dog collars, they emerge, dressed as priests, and find shelter in an abandoned Bowery mission. When beat cops mistake them for real ministers sent to restore the soup kitchen, they're forced to go along with repairs, holding services and feeding the poor. They have to decide whether to stay, steal the mission money and run; or, change their lives. Like the Priest allowing Jean Valjean to escape, in Les Misérables, it's the first time they've been treated with respect, and had a chance to do some good work, for awhile. The question is whether the police detectives or junior priests will turn them in before they even have a chance."] ["Leo works for Next Day Air , a package delivery company, but is going to get fired for any more mistakes. While delivering a package addressed to Jesus in apartment 302, Leo accidentally delivers it to apartment 303. Before Leo can leave Jesus asks if Leo has the package and gets worried when he is empty handed. Guch and Brody, two inept criminals, open the package and find ten bricks of cocaine hidden in a clay pot. Brody remembers that his cousin, Shavoo, has cut cocaine before. Shavoo and his partner, Buddy, come to Guch's apartment and settle on $15,000 a brick. Bodega, Jesus's boss and original sender of the package, calls to confirm the package was delivered. Jesus tells Bodega it was not delivered even though the tracking information says otherwise. Jesus is concerned that Bodega is going to kill him and assumes that Leo stole the package. While searching Jesus tells Chita that his previous boss was killed because of a similar situation. Jesus and Chita find Eric, another employee of NDA, who they hold at gun point and steal his watch. Finally realizing that it is not Leo they continue their search. Shavoo has trouble getting the money from storage because he was robbed by the front desk clerk. He interrogates the clerk and finds the storage garage where his money and supplies are. Shavoo and Buddy locks the clerk and his accomplice inside a garage, bound and gagged with duct tape. Bodega surprises Jesus in Philadelphia, to his dismay, and they search for Leo together. Jesus tortures Leo but he can't remember anything. Back at the apartments Leo is walking down the hallway and finally remembers he delivered it to 302. Bodega forces Leo to request the package back while Guch is inside counting the money. Brody informs Leo that he sent the package back to NDA headquarters. Bodega realizes something strange is going on and forces his way into the apartment. Everyone is at gun point but Guch takes the first shot at Jesus. After the gunfight Shavoo limps away nearly dead; Leo, completely uninjured, jumps up and leaves with the money; and Chita comes to check on Jesus, who is wounded. Luckily, he is saved by the watch he took from another employee of NDA earlier. Jesus and Chita walk away with the cocaine as sirens can be heard in the background."] ["Archie  hangs out at a local comic book store and watches and narrates the film. There are two comic book shops in town; one is owned by Raymond  and the other owned by Norman and Judy Link , a husband and wife. Mrs. Cresswell , an elderly woman finds a large collection of rare comics in mint condition while going through her recently-deceased son's things, and the two stores compete to convince her to sell to them."] ['Financial wizard "Doc" Fletcher  persuades his boss, American mobster Joe Fiore , to buy up a Swiss bank in order to more easily launder their ill-gotten gains. The impoverished Italian Prince Gianfranco di Siracusa  agrees to act as chairman of the board in order to give it an air of respectability. "Doc" goes to Lugano, a major center of banking activity, along with the Don\'s wayward son Albert , only to find that the best bank that the Prince could get consists of some shabby offices above a pizza restaurant with assets of $900. To make up for this, the Prince suggests that they invest in a silver mine recently discovered in Iran by his distant cousins, Agha Firdausi ([[David Warner  and his sister Shireen . The mine contains hundreds of millions of dollars worth of untapped silver. The Firdausis wish to keep it a secret due to the heavy taxes and the threat of the mine being nationalised by the government. Through a little wheeler-dealing, "Doc" manages to obtain $5 million in Iranian rials from Agha &mdash; as security for a loan of $20 million &mdash; and uses the money to obtain better banking premises and put on a major show that attracts powerful investors. Before long the Firdausi silver is flooding the market which leads to a drop in its value at the London Metal Exchange. Charlie Cook ([[Charles Gray , a leading figure in the silver business and one of the richest men in the world, decides that the best way to stop the downward plunge is to take over the bank responsible and thus close down the mine. He contacts Henry Foreman , president of the First National Bank of California, who is keen on branching into Europe. Foreman sends one of his accountants, Donald Luckman , to Lugano where he meets "Doc" and his associates. His questions and evasive attitude makes them suspicious and to find out more "Doc" approaches and seduces Donald\'s fun-loving but bored and neglected wife Debbie . In the course of their affair, Debbie casually reveals in conversation all about Cook\'s interest in the mine and the bank. Donald, unaware of what is going on, returns and offers up to $60 million for the bank . "Doc" will have none of it since it means losing everything he has ever worked for, but Albert and Joe Fiore, who actually owns the bank, jump at the opportunity. "Doc" goes to Las Vegas and, through a subtle threat, manages to get Joe to give him time to made a bid of his own. "Doc" and the Prince join the Firdausis at their warehouse in Dubai which is full to the brim with silver bars from the mine. When they tell him that they cannot lend him $60 million to buy the bank, "Doc" threatens to call in the earlier loan of $20 million and seize the mine. It\'s at this point that Agha and Shireen drop a bombshell on their two friends: there is no silver mine! The Firdausis are in fact smugglers who have obtained all their silver from India. The silver mine was just a cover, a means of obtaining the money needed for their operation. "Doc" faces a terrible dilemma: if he tells Charlie Cook that the mine does not exist the deal will collapse and "Doc" will be killed  by Joe Fiore; but if he does not tell Cook, the deal will go through and "Doc" will lose the bank. The deal does go through with Foreman and Donald Luckman sealing it with "Doc" and Albert Fiore. In his report on the purchase of the bank Donald has left out all mention of the silver mine, as per the instructions of Foreman and Cook, who was keen to keep it secret, and put the bank\'s main assets down as "oil storage tanks". Foreman then goes to Cook and demands an exorbitant amount for the silver mine only to be told that it does not exist and that he will thus not be refunded the $60 million used to buy the bank. Foreman can recoup $50 million in insurance since the purchase report mentions non-existent "oil storage tanks", thus making a case for fraud. "Doc" offers to give Foreman an additional $10 million which he will get from Cook who, in return, will obtain exclusive purchasing rights to the Firdausi silver. In exchange, Foreman gives "Doc" the bank &mdash; which was really only worth $10 million in the first place. Donald then reveals that for the insurance claim to be valid there will have to be a criminal prosecution and a scapegoat will be needed in order to go to prison. The others agree, deciding that it should be the one who falsified the report &mdash; meaning Donald himself! Some time later, back in Lugano, the Prince marries Shireen Firdausi, even though he was one of those whom she conned into believing in the existence of the mine. Agha does not attend the wedding and Shireen admits that he was in fact an actor she hired since she doubted if a bank would loan $20 million to a woman. "Doc" for his part comes across Debbie who has been attending Donald\'s trial for fraud. She has promised to get a place near the jail in order to be close to him and indicates, with a smile, that "Doc"\'s house is conveniently near the prison itself.'] ['Hung Tai Kong aka "Rice Pot"  and Chan Yin Tung aka "Chimney"  are two brothers who work with their master Kam Ming  and his daughter Ann  as a team of pickpockets. Rice Pot, Chimney and Ann later meet Inspector Ling Ah Nam , who investigating a diamond robbery and later becomes Rice Pot\'s girlfriend. She tells Rice Pot that she has to leave for 2 to 3 months. He found out that she lied to him, and later she explains to him and reveals that she is on an undercover mission. Ling asks the three of them to help her snatch a box of diamonds from Chow Ming Shing . Later, troubled cop Ng Heung Kan  runs into Rice Pot and Chimney. Finding out that they are pickpockets, Ng becomes desperate to arrest them. After successfully getting the diamonds, Ling has them pretend to give Chow the diamonds in order to arrest Chow. However, the diamond that Ling gives them are fake and the three of them become suspicious of Ling. Later, a big fight takes place on Chow\'s ship and a final fight with Rice Pot against one of Shing\'s henchmen . Ling attempts to flee from Hong Kong with the diamonds and the three of them finds her in the airport. Rice Pot manages to snatch the diamonds from her, only to run into Ng, who was patrolling there which causes him to drop them. In the end, there was an epilogue for everyone. Rice Pot, Chimney and Ann were charged with theft and mistake of murder. They were sentenced to 7, 5 and 3 years to prison respectively. Kam was charged with theft and receiving stolen goods and sentenced to 2 years. Ling was charged with impersonating a cop and cheating, and was sentenced to 10 years. Sergeant Ng discovered an international criminal group and was promoted to police inspector.'] ['Bucum  is a maverick bounty hunter trying to acquire the funds to start a private investigation firm, and Reggie  is a two-time hustler previously apprehended by Bucum three times, who regularly skips out on bail, and he lives with Gina  his trusting live-in girlfriend. One day, Reggie buys a lottery ticket, and he wins $50 million on a lottery game, but he is thwarted when he spots diamond thieves van while running away from Bucum ,he hides in the thieves van, and he is accidentally kidnapped by the thieves. Reggie manages to escape with Bucum, but Reggie now has to search for his wallet with the lottery ticket, and Bucum wants to catch the diamond thieves, forcing the two of them to reluctantly work together.'] ["Legendary bank robber Henry Manning pushes his luck too far and ends up in prison, where he suffers a massive stroke. He is transferred to a nursing home, in the care of Carol Ann McKay, a high school prom queen who married her boyfriend Wayne, the star of her school's football team, and whose glamour days are well behind her. Carol Ann starts to suspect that Henry isn't as sick as he seems, and she and Wayne are soon working with Henry to plan his last and greatest score."] ["Two cabbies search San Francisco's Chinatown for a mysterious character who has disappeared with their $4000. Their quest leads them on a humorous, if mundane, journey which illuminates the many problems experienced by Chinese-Americans living at the margins of contemporary American society."] ['The film\'s story concerns Victor Ajax , a young technician in the employ of Trend-Odegard Security. Mr. Trend, co-owner of the company , has learned of a plan by his partner to sell the company to Renaldo "The Heel"  and responds by hiring two exterminators who promise to "kill all sizes"  in order to eliminate Odegard and his plan. When Vic, who has been installing security cameras in Trend\'s apartment building, seems about to go back to the store, Trend distracts him with a lecture about "the grand design" and sends Vic on a quest to find his dream girl. The dream girl spontaneously materializes in the form of Nancy , who responds minimally to Vic but is enamored of Renaldo. Victor and several residents of the building including Mrs. Trend  run afoul of the killers and a seemingly random series of slapstick murders ensues, which is ultimately pinned on Victor. The movie is framed by Vic\'s journey to the electric chair for the crimes as Nancy, accompanied by several nuns, races to the scene in order to clear him. Raimi\'s trademarks are here including his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88  and younger brother Ted Raimi. Noted Hollywood producer Edward R. Pressman also plays a pivotal role.'] ['Wayne Dobie  is a meek Chicago Police Department crime scene photographer who has spent years on the job without ever drawing his gun; his colleagues jokingly call him "Mad Dog". Mad Dog saves the life of mob boss Frank Milo  during a hold-up in a convenience store. Milo offers Mad Dog a gift in return: for one week, he will have the "personal services" of Glory , a young woman who works as a bartender at Milo\'s club. Mad Dog learns that Glory is trying to pay off a personal debt and wants nothing to do with Milo beyond that. After an awkward start, they fall in love. Mad Dog wants her to move into his apartment, but Milo has no intention of losing Glory permanently. Milo says that Mad Dog has to pay $40,000 to give Glory her freedom, and sends one of his thugs to back up this threat. Mad Dog\'s partner, Mike , fights the thug on Mad Dog\'s behalf. Mad Dog does his best to get the money but falls short by $12,500. Knowing that Mike can no longer fight his battles, he works up the courage to fight for Glory himself, and ends up fighting with Milo in the street. Fed up, Milo washes his hands of Mad Dog and lets Glory go with no strings attached.'] ['As he tries to access an ATM to retrieve his last twenty bucks, Jason “JINX” Taylor runs into a snag – the transaction fee will overdraw him, and he cannot get his money out of the bank. Jinx fumes about this and other hidden charges which complicate his life…as we realize that he is locked in a bank vault…with the beautiful but tied-up Jessica, her apparently a hostage. But, as Jinx rails against corporations and how they stack the deck, we realize that the situation is very different from what it appears: in fact, it is Jessica, not Jinx, who is robbing the bank. She is aligned with Simon, who leads an armed team inside the branch. However, Jinx’s entry into the scenario upsets the heist, leading him and Jessica to be inadvertently locked inside the vault. In addition, Jinx has called the cops, who, led by Officer De Gepse, have surrounded the bank. Jinx makes contact with Simon by cell phone, and the situation becomes clearer, as he realizes Jessica has access to a special inside-the-vault computer and its codes…she and only she can open the vault door. Simon becomes increasingly upset when he is unable to strong-talk Jinx into getting the vault open . And De Gepse is equally frustrated by the standoff, particularly when it is Jinx, not he, who seems to gain control over the situation. As things progress, Jinx realizes that he and Jessica actually think very much alike – they both feel used – and this new kinship leads them to plot an escape. A call comes in from Nick, the true mastermind of the robbery, and Jinx and Jessica realize that Nick needs them to issue a PIN for him to access funds which have been skimmed  over the course of years. With Simon increasingly unstable, Jinx is able to manipulate both him and De Gepse while also making a deal with Nick to provide a PIN  to go with Nick’s account information. Jinx manages to talk both cops and robbers into letting Jessica and him out, as freed hostages, and in the ensuing chaos, they slip away, to meet Nick and escape with their cut of the cash…'] ['Three millionaire best friends, Kitty, Estelle and Nicolette, spend their days having botox injections, liposuction and other plastic surgery – all to keep up their looks for their husbands. After witnessing the murder of their favorite plastic surgeon by his wife, the three ponder the idea of similarly killing their husbands should they sleep with someone else. Of the three, Kitty is virtually certain that her husband is cheating on her, having seen him call \'Pamela\' from his cell phone. To \'prove\' her suspicions, her friend Estelle hands her a booklet, a "Top 50" checklist of strange behavior to see if he\'s indeed cheating on her. After filling up nearly the whole list with suspicious behavior, the three drive to Amsterdam\'s Red Light District to find a serial killer to do the job. After a misunderstanding with a different man, Kitty comes into contact with a deformed man who isn\'t afraid to use a gun. Kitty asks that the murderer makes sure her husband\'s death looks like an accident. The man demands not only €10,000, but also a first edition press of the Cliff Richard song Summer Holiday – something Kitty\'s husband has in his possession. When Kitty goes to find the record, though, she finds out it\'s been given as a gift to a friend who is blind and in a wheelchair. Kitty sneaks in after a party thrown for guests and manages to get the record – though not before the blind man attempts to stab the \'intruder\' with a sword, and accidentally electrocute himself on his jukebox. With the record now given to the killer, Kitty goes back to have her eyelids done and advises her friends to have alibis in case of police questioning. Kitty, needing someone to pick her up, calls Nicolette\'s husband. However, he picks her up in Kitty\'s husband\'s Maybach – exactly the car the killer was going to run off the road to make an \'accident\'. During a chase through the woods, Nicolette\'s husband admits to having an affair. The car is run off the road, and while Kitty survives, Nicolette\'s husband is critically injured. After a visit to the hospital, the affair is proven when the mistress shows up at his bedside. Nicolette and the mistress fight, which indirectly causes Nicolette\'s husband to die from his injuries. After the funeral, Kitty\'s husband decides to use a plane to sprinkle the dead man\'s ashes over the 18th hole of their golf course. The killer, posing as a mechanic, rigs the plane to leak hydraulic oil during the flight. Estelle\'s husband, having met the mistress at the bedside of Nicolette\'s husband, is seen in his office with the mistress. The two, completely naked, wave at Kitty\'s husband as he flies by – but the plane actually slams into the building, killing them. Kitty\'s husband, meanwhile, managed to jump out of the plane at the last second, sustaining only a broken arm. Now depressed at not having been able to perform a \'simple\' killing, the killer is ready to quit, but Kitty meets him and encourages him to continue. A few days later, Kitty\'s husband is set to present an award at a Dutch Music awards show. Before the awards show, Kitty is introduced to \'Pamela\' – the woman she suspected was sleeping with her husband, but who is actually a Belgian businesswoman he was doing business with. Kitty frantically tries to call off the planned killing – which will happen with a bomb planted in the appropriate awards envelope – not knowing that there actually IS a Pamela her husband has been sleeping with. The murderer, chased by security guards around the parking lot, steals a truck and tries to make his escape. Kitty runs on stage and throws the bomb away just in time. However, the killer winds up driving the truck through a back wall, running over not only Kitty\'s husband, but Pamela as well, who had run up to him just before. Now happy that her husband was killed for an actual adultery, she kisses the killer. A few seconds later, he vanishes before the police can apprehend him. One year later, the three widows are seen enjoying life on the boat of their late husbands – along with the killer, who has had plastic surgery done to make him look more handsome.'] ['The story begins in Cairo with the hijacking of $3 million in gold bullion. The thieves need a way to smuggle the two tons of gold bars into Europe. There are only four master criminals considered able to smuggle the gold: one is French ; one is Irish ; one is German . The only man cunning enough to outwit Interpol is Aldo Vanucci , also known as The Fox, a master criminal with a talent for disguise. Vanucci, who is in prison at the time of the robbery, knows about the smuggling contract but is reluctant to accept it, because he does not want to break the heart of his mother and young sister Gina . But when his three sidekicks inform him that Gina has grown up and doesn\'t always return home from school, an enraged Vanucci vows to break out of prison. He succeeds by making the police believe that he is the prison doctor who has been tied up by Vanucci. When the guards accidentally bring the doctor and Vanucci face to face with each other, Vanucci rips off his false beard and flees. Once out, he goes home to his mother, who considers him to be a disgrace, and sister, who aspires to become a film actress. He makes contact with Okra , the original gold robber, and accepts the contract for smuggling the gold inside Italy on the condition that he will get 50 percent. Two policemen are constantly on his trail and Vanucci has to use many disguises and tricks to throw them off his trail. During one such escapade in a cinema, it suddenly strikes him that police offer protection to film crews. This idea forms the basis of his master plan. Vanucci poses as an Italian neo-realist director named Federico Fabrizi. He plans to bring the gold ashore in broad daylight as part of a scene in an avant garde film. To give the picture an air of legitimacy, he cons over-the-hill American matinee idol Tony Powell  to star in the film, which is blatantly titled The Gold of Cairo. Fabrizi then enlists the starstruck population of Sevalio, a tiny fishing village, to unload the shipment. The plan works without any hiccups and the gold arrives safely inside Italy. Unfortunately for Vanucci, Okra double-crosses him and tries to get away with all the gold, without giving him his share; in a Wacky Races like car chase, Okra; Vanucci; Powell and the Police chase one another through a smoke screen and all end up crashing into each other. After Vanucci is caught, all the misled villagers who helped him are accused of being co-conspirators, and Vanucci\'s "film" is used as evidence against them in court . Vanucci suffers a crisis of conscience and accepts his guilt in court, thereby vindicating the villagers, but proclaiming that he will escape from prison once again. The film\'s final scene shows Vanucci escaping from prison yet again by impersonating the prison doctor-this time he ties the doctor up and takes his place. He then walks out when the prison guards think the doctor is Vanucci. As he attempts to remove the fake beard that is part of his disguise, he discovers that the beard is real, meaning that the "wrong man" has escaped from prison.'] ['At Christmas time, Bill Firpo , a straight-laced New York restaurant manager, gets an unpleasant Christmas gift. His brothers Dave  and Alvin  are paroled early due to overcrowding and placed in Bill\'s custody. Dave and Alvin ask their brother to take them to Paradise, Pennsylvania to do a favor for a fellow inmate of theirs. Bill refuses because one, his brothers are not allowed out of New York State and two, he knows Dave\'s pathological tendencies. He only agrees after getting tied to a robbery their brothers made via his dropped wallet. When they discover Paradise\'s bank is light on security, Bill feels the urge to rob it if he had a gun. Fortunately, there are guns in the Infiniti sedan Dave and Alvin borrowed. With Alvin driving a stolen decrepit car, Bill and Dave storm the bank. The wife of the bank\'s president  tells them that the bank safe door is locked and the president, Mr. Clifford Anderson , who has the key, is having lunch in the restaurant nearby. While Dave stays in the bank doing yoga breathing with the hostages, Alvin and Bill charge into the restaurant and call in a robbery. They order all customers to come with Bill to the bank so that no one calls the police when they go. Mr. Anderson opens the safe\'s door and Bill checks for motion sensors via a perfume. He steps over the sensors, gets the money, but while getting out of the safe, he touches the sensors via one of the money bags. Bill and Dave rush out of the bank and get away with their crime, stealing $275,000. While trying to get out of town with their car and stolen money, Alvin, who\'s driving, gets them lost. A police car turns on the sirens and they try to evade getting caught. Because the Infiniti has no snow chains, it drifts over a bridge and gets wrecked. The police officer does not see them crash and drives past the bridge, but another car stops and offers them a ride. Due to the interstates being closed, the man takes them to his relatives to stay over for Christmas. After arriving at the house, they find out it is the house of the bank president Mr. Anderson. However, the relatives don\'t recognize them because they were covering their faces with ski masks while robbing the bank. Vic Mazzucci , the inmate who gave Dave and Alvin the tip about the low security of this bank, gets enraged that they robbed the bank and gets out of jail. He and his henchman, Caesar, takes their mother, Edna  hostage and threatens to kill her unless they give him the stolen money. Bill gets bus tickets and while getting out, the FBI asks him to open the bag he is carrying with him, which contains all of the money. The bag is grabbed by Ed Dawson ([[John Ashton  and Clovis Minor , two inept shopkeepers, made "deputies" by the local police chief. Bill tricks the FBI through shooting rounds from Ed\'s gun in the ground making the crowd run around and gets away with his bag. However, they miss their bus. They then try to get away via a boat. The boat is headed towards a waterfall and Alvin falls into the water. The town people pull Alvin out of water and rescue him through CPR. Alvin steals a horse carriage from the police chief\'s son. The police chase the carriage but after they drive into the forest the police cars were unable to continue the chase. They ditch the horse carriage and decide to hitchhike. However, the horse, Merlin, gets pulled into the water making them save it and go to a truck stop instead. There Bill and Alvin decide to return the money to the bank while Dave refuses, knowing that their mother would be killed if they do so . Alvin, then, reveals to Bill he is not wanted in New York and that he\'s had his brother\'s wallet, all along. Upset, Bill leaves his two brothers, then heads off to return the money and asks strangers for a ride to Paradise. By coincidence, he winds up getting a ride with Vic and Caesar, who are holding his mother hostage. Bill shows them his mother\'s picture, whereupon Vic tries to shoot him so he can get the money Bill has in the bag. Bill jumps out of the car and escapes, rescued by Dave, Alvin, and Merlin. They try to get the money back into the bank but trigger the alarm through using the wrong safe door key. They then give the money to a church with a letter requesting to return it to the town\'s people. Trying to get away, Ed and Clovis, who had sold the Firpoes the ski masks before the robbery, recognize them and want the money for themselves. Ed and Clovis therefore go with Bill, Dave, and Alvin to the Anderson house. Vic and Caesar are there and knock Ed out, then take Clovis and the Firpoes hostage, along with everyone else there. The police sees the license plates in front of the Anderson house of a stolen car and therefore order Vic and Caesar to come out with their hands held up. While the inmates are busy figuring out what to do, they get attacked by the chief\'s son who immobilizes Caesar and shoots Vic. The police rush into the house and take everyone to the office. There, FBI agent Peyser  tries to figure out what happened and because the town\'s people hide what they know about Bill, Alvin, and Dave and the church pastor returns the money to the police, they release them. Bill stays in Paradise to be with Sarah Collins , Vic\'s daughter and a tenant of the Andersons, while Alvin and Dave return with their mother to New York.'] ["The film revolves around the lonely Wally, a Trojan skinhead whose only friend is his beloved Dalmatian Neechee. One day while walking her, Wally accidentally becomes involved with a strange deal gone bad when he bumps into a fleeing stranger being chased by a group of mob thugs. When he gets tangled up in Neechee's leash and frantically kicks the dog, Wally proceeds to beat him up and gets arrested by passing police officers. The dealer gets away and Wally spends a night in jail. Upon being released, he learns that his dog has been kidnapped by the mob thugs, who are convinced Wally's holding the drugs that have been taken from them. Although he quickly proves that he's innocent, the mob's still not letting him off that easily: either he'll have to do some work for them, or both he and the dog are dead. Reluctantly, Wally agrees to run some illegal errands. When the errands are a bust and he's almost arrested, Wally flees and the mob puts a hit on both him and Neechee . Enlisting the help of a young veterinarian, Wally attains an arsenal of firearms and is ready to extract his revenge on the ruthless kingpins. All he wants is his dog back."] [" Following a passion for country music, Ralph leaves his father’s sheep farm in a remote Australian town, armed with a guitar and a plane ticket to Nashville, Tennessee. He hopes to hitchhike to Sydney Airport where his take-off into a successful country/western singing career will hopefully begin.  However, fate and his naivety find him hitchhiking with a psychotic drug thief named Boyd, and Boyd's mesmerising girlfriend, Patsy. The plot then splits into a series of parallels, flash forwards and flashbacks. One depicts Ralph’s imprisonment after being framed for drug trafficking. The other follows the dramatic ascent of his career to hype status and the pairing between the dynamic Patsy and himself. Both paths eventually lead him home, with Ralph consequently being more mature and adjusted, and with a bag full of experiences. At the end of the film, it is stated that Patsy dies in a plane crash."] ['The Great Depression is over. King of the con men Fargo Gondorff is released from prison and reassembles his cronies for another con, out to avenge the murder of his lifelong pal Kid Colors. Gondorff\'s young protege Jake Hooker attempts to pull a scam on wealthy "Countess Veronique," who instead pulls one on him and turns out to be a grifter herself named Veronica. Coming up with a boxing con, Gondorff\'s goal is to sting both Lonnegan, the notorious banker and gangster who wants revenge from a previous con, and Gus Macalinski, a wealthy local racketeer. One or both of them is behind Kid Colors\' death. Hooker pretends to be a boxer who is about to throw a big fight. Macalinski is not only hoodwinked into losing hundreds of thousands of dollars, he is talked into changing his original wager by Lonnegan. While one gangster takes care of the other, Gondorff and Hooker head for the train station with a bag full of money, tickets out of town and a final twist from Veronica.'] ['In London, during the early 1900s, aspiring journalist and women\'s rights campaigner Sonia Winter  uncovers an organization that specializes in killing for money, the Assassination Bureau, Limited. To bring about its destruction, she commissions the assassination of the bureau\'s own chairman, Ivan Dragomiloff . Far from being outraged or angry, Dragomiloff is amused and delighted and decides to put it to his own advantage. The guiding principle of his bureau, founded by his father, has always been that there was a moral reason why their victims should be killed &mdash; these have included despots and tyrants. More recently though, his elder colleagues have tended to kill more for financial gain than for moral reasons. Dragomiloff, therefore, decides to accept the commission of his own death and challenge the other board members: Kill him or he will kill them. With Miss Winter in tow, Dragomiloff sets off on a tour of Edwardian Europe, challenging and systematically purging the bureau\'s senior members. Little do they realise that this is a plot by Miss Winter\'s sponsor, newspaper publisher Lord Bostwick , to take over the bureau and plunge Europe into war&nbsp;&mdash; Bostwick is the bureau\'s vice-chairman and is bitter for having been passed over in favour of the founder\'s son. Bostwick and the other members of the Bureau plan to get rich quick by the "biggest killing" of them all&nbsp;&mdash; buying stocks in arms factories and then propelling Europe into war by assassinating all the heads of state of Europe while they attend a secret peace conference. Dragomiloff and Miss Winter uncover the plot&nbsp;&mdash; dropping a bomb from a Zeppelin airship on to the castle in Ruthenia where the kings, emperors and presidents of Europe are trying to avoid a possible war caused by the death of a Balkan prince who was killed by a bomb intended for Dragomiloff. Dragomiloff steals aboard the airship and destroys it, killing the remaining members of his board of directors. He is then decorated by the heads of state he has saved. It is implied that Dragomiloff may wed Miss Winter as well.'] ["Warden Sven 'The Swede' Sorenson  is a malicious warden of the county, illegally executing some of his worst prisoners. Everybody in town hates and is scared of him, except his twin daughters . Swede's twins tell their father they're pregnant, lying so he pushes their dim boyfriends, Bud Dyerson  and Larry , into shotgun marriages. He also turns his sons-in-law into slave laborers, so Bud hatches an escape plan to rob a train carrying old bills to the mint for burning. Larry is his reluctant accomplice. When Bud is captured, he is railroaded into Swede's small-town and dangerous jail by the Judge  and Swede. His death looks certain, until he hatches yet another plan that requires Larry's help. Meanwhile, Judge's Daughter and FBI Agent Karen Polarski , while able to land Bud in federal prison, repeatedly comes to his aid."] ["A young fast food worker named Sally Jackson , unwittingly falls in love with Dorian Montier , the stepson of her lover, Henry Lever ([[Chris Ellis . She discovers Henry is married, and disgusted, she leaves him, although she is pregnant with his child. Dorian and his brother Angus , both Army helicopter pilots, then accidentally kill him by scaring him to death by chasing his car with what appears to be an AH-1 attack helicopter. They decide to meet the woman that he was cheating with. In their search, Sally and Dorian fall in love while he gets a job at Burger-Matic  They both take a day off from work to go to the funeral, and he spots her there. Dorian is also faced with dealing with his feelings for her, his mother, Beatrice Lever , and Angus' homicidal desires of revenge."] ['Thanks to falsified dental records supplied by his former neighbor Nicholas "Oz" Ozeransky (Matthew Perry, retired hitman Jimmy "The Tulip" Tudeski  now spends his days compulsively cleaning his house and perfecting his culinary skills with his wife, Jill , a purported assassin who has yet to pull off a "clean" hit . Oz, meanwhile, is now married to Jimmy\'s ex-wife Cynthia  and has a dental practice in California, now expecting their first child, but the relationship is complicated due to Oz\'s over-excessive paranoia about security, as well as Cynthia\'s secret continued contact with Jimmy . Their lives are further complicated by the return of Lazlo Gogolak , a father figure of Jimmy\'s who ran the mob that Jimmy was once a member of, Jimmy and Jill having killed his son, Janni, while Lazlo was in prison. Having deduced that Jimmy is still alive, Lazlo abducts Cynthia and threatens Oz to try and learn Jimmy\'s location, Oz only just managing to escape thanks to one of Lazlo\'s henchmen accidentally shooting out a light. With no other options, Oz contacts Jimmy and Jill for assistance, but Jimmy initially refuses to help until Lazlo\'s men attack the house after following Oz\'s car. Having captured Lazlo\'s remaining son, Strabonitz , Jimmy tells Lazlo that he will trade Cynthia for Strabo, but the group\'s attempt to check into a hotel results in Oz unintentionally triggering further conflict between Jimmy and Jill when he reveals that Jimmy still wears a crucifix Cynthia gave him. Retreating to a bar to get drunk, Jimmy becomes increasingly depressed about his apparent failure to father a child with Jill, although Oz becomes frustrated when Jimmy starts discussing his and Cynthia\'s old sex life, culminating in them becoming so drunk that Oz and Jimmy wake up in the same bed . Increasingly frustrated at her poor sex life with Jimmy, Jill attempts to seduce Oz, resulting in Jimmy walking in on them and knocking Oz out, subsequently regaining his passion for Jill and his work as the two proceed to have sex in the bathroom. While re-arming themselves at Oz\'s house, the three are attacked by an unknown marksman, whose attempts to shoot them result in Strabo being killed in the crossfire, the subsequent argument causing Jill to leave in frustration at Jimmy\'s insults of her capabilities and his cold dismissal of Oz. Increasingly driven to breaking point by recent events, Oz retreats to his practice, where Jimmy greets him to apologize for recent events, only for Oz\'s new receptionist Julie to chloroform Oz and Jimmy, revealing that she is the sister of \'Frankie Figgs\', out for revenge for Oz and Jimmy\'s role in her brother\'s death. Waking up with Cynthia and Jimmy in Lazlo\'s apartment, Oz is shocked to learn that the current situation has been part of a plan by Jimmy and Cynthia from the beginning so that Cynthia could find Lazlo\'s half of the first dollar he ever stole, which he had torn in half to be divided between Jimmy and Yanni when they were kids. Just as Lazlo is preparing to kill the three of them, Jill shows up, having set up Strabo\'s body so that he appears to be alive and tied up in her car, threatening to detonate explosives in her car unless Lazlo releases Oz and Cynthia. Claiming to want to join Lazlo\'s organization, Jill is ordered to shoot Jimmy, finally apparently shooting Jimmy in the heart when he informs her that she\'ll never be a successful hitter. When Jill\'s car detonates when Lazlo\'s men go to release Strabo, it is revealed that Jill was in on the plan as well, having merely shot Jimmy with blanks. With Jules having been exposed as the shooter who killed Strabo, Lazlo shoots her, Jimmy subsequently having Jill shoot Lazlo in the foot, unable to kill the man who raised him. As the group depart, Jimmy and Cynthia reveal that the plan was set up to acquire Lazlo\'s half of the dollar, the combined dollar revealing the account number for a Gogalak account containing $280 million. With Jill having revealed that she is pregnant, the four drive away.'] ['The film begins with Thomas and Wayne playing a game of pool against two English men. They almost win but Wayne loses the game on the last shot due to overconfidence. Their friend Jack then arrives. His pool playing skills come to the attention of Holden , who remarks to the bartender Dave  that the three friends might be good enough to play in "Daddy\'s game". "Daddy\'s game" turns out to be an underground pool tournament run by local Greek crime lord Daddy. Each team pays $500 to enter and the winner takes away $20,000 tax free. The three of them agree to enter under the name "Stickmen". The boys leave the bar and go to a cafe, where they meet Sara , a waitress who takes a liking to Thomas. The next morning the three meet up for breakfast where Jack tells them that their first match in the pool tournament will be against two men called Jimmy and Eric, at the Princess Bar. Jack then leaves for work, where he ends up having sex with Karen  in his office. Thomas attends a course on "Coping with Redundancy" but is asked to leave. He runs into Sara, who is doing a management course. The two go for a cup of coffee, which Thomas reluctantly accepts because he has a girlfriend. Later that evening, Thomas accompanies Wayne to a job interview, which turns out to be an escort driver. He will be responsible for driving prostitutes Tess  and Lulu  to their jobs. The madam, Janelle, reveals that Daddy owns the brothel. Wayne gets the job. Meanwhile, Dave is having trouble coming up with the rent for his bar, which he rents from Daddy. Holden turns up and after some friendly chitchat, tells Dave that the cheque bounced. He breaks Dave\'s thumb and promises him that if he doesn\'t get the money, the next one will be a beating. The Stickmen turn up to their match at the Princess Bar, which appears to be a gay bar. They easily win the match and go back to celebrate at Dave\'s bar. Sara turns up and she and Thomas hit it off. Karen arrives and chats with Jack. Thomas and Sara, drunk, leave the bar. Holden tells Jack and Wayne that Daddy wants to meet them, and they agree to meet the next morning. The next morning, Jack and Wayne turn up to Daddy\'s barber shop, which is in a small alley. Thomas doesn\'t show and it is revealed that he slept with Sara. Holden arrives and tells Jack and Wayne that their next match will be against the Men in Black, who are rumoured to be very good. They go inside and meet Daddy, who has two metal hooks instead of hands. He has a number of Greek thugs as bodyguards. He tells them that life is nothing without passion, and his passion is getting players together in his pool tournament. Thomas returns home and finds his girlfriend Marie has packed up his stuff and wants him to leave, having suspected his infidelity. He arrives at the bar and is congratulated by Jack and Wayne for sleeping with Sara. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Sara and Karen know each other and are planning something. The Men in Black, the Stickmen\'s next opponents, turn out to be two priests. They are humorous and good-natured even when the Stickmen beat them. Thomas goes to visit Sara and the two of them bond. Holden tells Jack that Daddy wants another meeting. Jack accompanies Holden and sees Daddy intimidating Dave while shaving him. Dave, who had previously been beaten up by Daddy\'s thugs, is given two days to get Daddy\'s money. Daddy then gives Jack a haircut while offering him a bet of $15,000 on the tournament. Jack protests that they don\'t have that kind of money but Daddy says that they can work out a payment plan. Feeling intimidated, Jack agrees to the bet. The next morning at breakfast Jack breaks the news to the other two that their next match will be against "Caller" , and he remarks that the only way they have a hope is if they win the toss. Sara tells Karen that she\'s not sure if she can go through with their plan. Karen\'s ex-boyfriend Hugh and his friend turn up and Sara leaves. She meets Thomas at the Bucket Fountain on Cuba Street, where they agree to take their relationship to the next level . The next evening, Wayne rescues Lulu from a fat, drunken customer, who has passed out on top of her. He invites her to come and watch him play pool to cheer her up, and takes her home to get his cue. However, he finds that Tess, who had been living with him temporarily, has stolen most of his stuff. He explodes in a fit of anger, starts drinking and tells Lulu that Caller is too good and they can\'t beat him. After some encouragement from Lulu, he agrees to play. Caller, it turns out, is a pierced, bare-chested pool player with dreadlocks who gets his nickname from calling his shots. Wayne turns up drunk and announces to Thomas and Jack that he will play Caller. Jack objects, knowing that he is the only one who has a chance at winning, but Holden states that since Wayne has stepped up, he has to play. In a "drunken master" style, Wayne runs the table and beats Caller, who never gets a single shot. As Holden mentioned earlier in the film, New Zealand pub rules require a player who loses a game without sinking any of his balls to drop his trousers. Caller appears to comply with the rule, but then punches Wayne in the face. In the resulting fight, Jack\'s hand is cut. Holden, backed up by two of Daddy\'s thugs wielding machetes, forces Caller to drop his trousers. Due to Jack\'s injury, he is barely able to play pool, meaning that Thomas and Wayne will have to play in the semi-finals. Knowing that they have lost their star player, they decide to quit. Dave convinces them to keep playing by telling them that he gets to keep the bar if they win. He buys them matching jackets to wear to the finals. At the semi-finals, Holden announces that their opponent is "Bastinados", who turn out to be Sara and Karen. The other match is the "Farmers" versus the "Bankers" . Karen and Sara are exceptionally good, but Sara throws the game by sinking the cue ball on the same shot as the 8-ball. In the break between the game, Sara and Thomas go to the roof to talk, where she tells him that she threw the game and really cares about him. Jack takes Wayne and gets him drunk in the hopes that he will repeat his performance against Caller. Daddy, not wanting the Stickmen to win, locks Thomas and Sara on the roof. Wayne steps up to the break of the final match against the Bankers but passes out on the table. Jack has to play, being the only one left. However, Holden rescues Thomas and Sara, and Thomas proceeds to win the game for the Stickmen. Hugh snaps his cue over his knee in anger and storms out. Daddy tells them to stop by his barber shop next week to collect the money. A few weeks later, we see that Dave has done up his bar, which is now a successful establishment, and the film ends with the Stickmen playing a friendly game of pool in the bar.'] ['The year is 1935. A pet shop owner catches a young boy shoplifting a puppy. To discourage the kid from a life of crime, the owner tells a story . . . It is 1910. Young Johnny Kelly is a poor but honest newsboy in New York City. Johnny beats up Danny Vermin in self defense and discovers his mom needs an operation they cannot afford. Since the execution of Johnny\'s father, Killer Kelly, his widow, Ma Kelly, has supported Johnny and his younger brother, Tommy, who is fascinated by the law. Johnny\'s fight with Vermin attracted the notice of local crime boss Jocko Dundee, and Johnny, seeing no honest way to earn the money for his mom\'s operation, sees no choice than to do a job for Dundee, even though it probably means breaking the law, and in doing so, "breaking his mother\'s heart". He helps Dundee rob the nightclub belonging to Dundee\'s rival, Roman Moronie. When asked his name, Johnny coins the name, "Johnny Dangerously", but Moronie, a malapropist of swearwords, never "forgets a fargin face." Years pass. With his mom\'s continuing medical problems, Johnny goes to work for the Dundee gang full-time. He becomes a suave young man, with plenty of folding cash. The whole neighborhood  knows that Kelly is really Johnny Dangerously, but Johnny\'s secret identity is carefully concealed from his brother and mother. They think he is a law-abiding nightclub owner. Similarly, the gang knows nothing of Johnny\'s mother and brother. Tommy is now in law school, with a girlfriend, and somewhat of a prig—he wants to drop out of law school so he can get a job, marry his girlfriend, and "get laid." With the assistance of a public health film , Johnny gets him to go back to law school. Johnny comes to Dundee\'s headquarters—he is still involved in a running feud with Moronie—to find he has taken on two new gang members: Danny Vermin, and his sidekick Dutch. Danny has lived up to his potential and become a total scumbag, with a taste for using opera audiences as shooting galleries with his .88 Magnum pistol. Moronie, subtle as always, sends a robot with a machine gun to try to knock off the gang. He is not successful, and Johnny retaliates by knocking down Moronie\'s club  with a bomb dropped from a biplane. The two gangs war. In the meantime, Johnny falls for a young showgirl new to the big city, Lil Sheridan, who, when she meets Johnny for the first time, asks him, "Do you know your last name is an adverb?". They go for a long walk together, ending in sexual fireworks. The war continues. Moronie sends a plumber to plant explosives in Dundee\'s toilet. Dundee has a narrow escape, and he retires in Johnny\'s favor. Johnny negotiates a truce with Moronie. A running gag has Ray Walston playing the owner of a newsstand who repeatedly gets knocked out when he is hit on the head by a pile of newspapers being flung from the back of a delivery truck. He temporarily loses one of his primary senses whenever he comes to. At various points throughout the movie, his character alternates between blindness, deafness, and amnesia. Meanwhile, Tommy graduates from law school . Despite Johnny\'s efforts to steer him into a law firm, he goes to work for the District Attorney\'s office. A bit miffed that his money should be used to train a crimefighter, Johnny is nevertheless not worried—District Attorney Burr is on his payroll. The D.A. tries to sidetrack Tommy, but he becomes a major public figure. After he holds hearings looking into Moronie\'s activities, the rival crime boss is deported to Sweden despite his protests that he\'s "not from there." Against Johnny\'s orders, Burr and Vermin conspire to kill Tommy. Tommy is badly injured, but survives. Divining the truth, Johnny has Burr killed—but this leaves Tommy as the new D.A. Tommy recovers, and weds his girlfriend. Vermin discovers that Dangerously is the D.A.\'s brother—and Tommy promptly overhears Vermin chortling about it. Tommy confronts Johnny, who agrees to quit the life of crime. The gang, though, is not as eager and suggests Johnny may be turning state\'s evidence against them. Johnny denies this, and goes to turn the evidence against himself to the Crime Commissioner—who Vermin has just killed, under circumstances that suggest Johnny is the killer. Not only that, Vermin steals Johnny\'s prized bubble gum case . Johnny is arrested for murder, but says he is innocent and the holder of the case is the guilty party. Tommy tries the case against him. Johnny is found guilty, sentenced to the electric chair and sent to death row. But when Vermin congratulates Tommy, and Tommy notices that he has Johnny\'s case, he realizes Johnny is innocent. Ma Kelly sucker punches Vermin in the crotch, and the cigarette case drops out of the stricken mobster\'s pocket. Ma Kelly and Tommy realize that "Johnny didn\'t do it." Meanwhile, his mom is using her contacts to investigate the murder. She finds the cleaning lady who is a witness to Vermin\'s presence. When Tommy hits Vermin with a grand jury subpoena, Vermin knows that he must kill Tommy. Johnny arrives on Death Row, where he receives rock star treatment from the starstruck warden. He receives word of Tommy\'s danger, and plots an escape, prevailing on the warden to move up his execution. As he is taken to the chair, Johnny assembles what looks like a tommy gun from parts handed to him by inmates. He escapes in a laundry truck driven by Lil. Johnny, through a wild chase, arrives at the theatre where Tommy is to be killed. He shoots and wounds Vermin, saving Tommy. The governor pardons Johnny as Vermin is arrested. Back to 1935. The young shoplifter is round eyed. Having taken in the lesson that crime does not pay, he is given a kitten as Johnny Kelly, law abiding pet shop owner, says "Crime doesn\'t pay." The kid goes on his way. Johnny, dressed in a tux, heads off in a riotous limo with Lil Sheridan: "Well, it paid a little!"'] ["Betty Lou Perkins is a meek librarian and nobody pays much attention to her, in particular her husband, Alex. A criminal kingpin is killed in cold blood and Betty Lou happens to find the murder gun. She is so mousy, however, she can't even get the police to listen to her, including Alex, who's a detective. In sheer frustration, she not only produces the gun but announces that she's the one who committed the crime. Behind bars, Betty Lou meets a variety of hardened and colorful characters. Rather than intimidate her, they actually increase her self-confidence. Once she's released, she begins to dress, speak, and act differently. Unfortunately for her, criminal acquaintances of the victim assume that she must have confessed to the murder for a reason. They conclude that she must be his mistress, and soon the bad guys want a few words with her...or worse."] ['A slot-machine mobster, Marty "Fats" Murdock , wants his blonde girlfriend, Jerri Jordan , to be a singing star, despite her seeming lack of talent. He hires alcoholic press agent Tom Miller  to promote Jordan, both because of his past success with the career of singer Julie London  and because he never makes sexual advances towards his female clients. Miller sets to work by showing Jordan off around numerous night spots; his machinations arouse interest in Jordan and soon offers of contracts follow. However, Miller realizes that Jordan really just wants to be a homemaker and tries to persuade Murdock not to push Jordan into a show-business career. He thinks he\'s succeeded when he reveals to Murdock that Jordan\'s singing is so bad it shatters light bulbs, but Murdock suggests that Jordan would be perfect for the part of a train whistle in a song he  composed while in prison. Miller reluctantly records Jordan performing Murdock\'s song and heads to Chicago to promote it to Wheeler ([[John Emery , a former mob rival of Murdock who now has a monopoly over the jukebox industry. Suspicious of Miller\'s reluctance to promote Jordan and of the obvious attraction between Miller and Jordan, Murdock has his associate Mousie ([[Henry Jones  wiretap a phone call between the pair. Feeling pity for them, Mousie edits out the romantic portions of their conversations and convinces Murdoch that their relationship is strictly business. In Chicago, Wheeler is impressed by the song and Jordan\'s voice and offers to sign both Jordan and the song writer. However, when Miller reveals that the song writer is Murdock, Wheeler throws him out of his office and vows never to play the song. A furious Murdock bullies bar owners into buying jukeboxes from him instead and successfully promotes his and Jordan\'s song. To prevent Murdock from stealing his business, Wheeler arranges to have Murdoch assassinated at the rock show where Jordan will be making her debut. On his way to the show, Murdock confesses to Mousie that he doesn\'t want to marry Jordan. Mousie confesses that he altered the tape of Jordan and Miller\'s phone call and encourages Murdock to let Jordan marry Miller. Backstage at the show, Jordan confesses her love to Miller and they kiss. Jordan also admits that she is in fact a talented singer, who lied because she did not want a show business career; she goes on stage and performs a song about her love for Miller. When Murdock arrives, Miller declares to him that he and Jordan are in love; the delighted Murdock surprises Miller by shaking his hand and offering to be the best man. Before Miller and Murdock can tell Jordan the good news, Wheeler\'s assassins shoot at Murdock. Miller fights them off and shoves Murdock on stage to perform his song, reasoning that the assassins won\'t shoot Murdock in front of so many witnesses. Wheeler arrives and, impressed by the audience\'s response to Murdock, calls off the assassination and signs Murdock instead. The film ends with Miller and Jordan kissing on their honeymoon, as Murdock and Mousie perform on a TV show in the background.'] ["The movie follows the story of an amiable kindergarten director named Troshkin who looks exactly like a criminal called Docent  that has stolen Alexander the Great's helmet at an archaeological excavation. Docent and his gang are caught by militsiya, but Docent is imprisoned in a different jail than his mates. Since Troshkin looks identical to Docent, the militsiya send him undercover to prison with the real criminals to get information about the stolen helmet. He must pretend to be the real felon Docent, so in order to be convincing, Troshkin, a well-educated and good-natured man, has to learn slang and manners of criminals."] ['The film opens with Harmony  driving down a long, winding road, the sounds of Elvis playing all around her. She feels that her life is empty and artificial. She is a traveling cosmetic saleswoman, setting up "Pink Lady" training seminars in the western portion of the United States. When she is asked if she\'s "one of those Mary Kaye ladies?", she replies, "No, we\'re pink, they\'re more salmon." While she is popular and successful selling "Pink Lady," there is nothing real or honest in her life. As Harmony travels around the country, trying to figure out what is missing from her life, Elvis impersonators keep dying in her wake. She is romantically pursued by Miles .'] ['Alex ([[Heather Graham  is a lonely accountant whose one act of rage results in her being sentenced to court-ordered therapy. There she meets Stella , owner of an extermination business who uses her car as a weapon, and Nikki , a dental technician with the face of an angel and the mind of a sociopath. Together these women form their own "silent revolution", wreaking havoc on the abusive men in their lives.'] ["Three brothers meet each other for the first time after their mother's death. Believing that they will inherit her fortune, they quickly spend their money. However, when the inheritance does not transpire, the brothers become closer as they try to work out what to do."] ['Pil-je is a gangster who has been sent by his bosses to evict the residents of a poor neighbourhood on the edge of Seoul, so that their homes can make way for some new luxury apartments. But after he befriends some of the locals, including female boxer Myung-ran and a group of young children, he starts to have a change of heart.'] ['The film establishes Jean-Claude Van Damme playing himself as an out-of-luck actor. He is out of money; his agent cannot find him a decent production; and the judge in a custody battle is inclined to give custody of his daughter over to his ex-wife. He returns to his childhood home of Schaarbeek in the Brussels capitol region, Belgium, where he is still considered a national icon. When he goes into a post office to receive a wire transfer, he ends up arguing with the bank teller just as, coincidentally, the bank is robbed. As he turns he is pistol whipped in the face by the head robber, cutting his lip. The bank robber takes the customers hostage, and the police mistakenly identify Van Damme as the head robber. The following action is portrayed from different perspectives, and Van Damme finds himself acting as a hero to protect the hostages, as well as both a negotiator and presumed perpetrator. In a notable scene, Van Damme and the camera are lifted above the set, and he performs a six-minute single-take monologue, where he breaks the fourth wall addressing the audience directly with an emotional  monologue about his career, his multiple marriages, and his drug abuse. Van Damme then persuades one of the bank robbers to release the hostages. After this happens, a scuffle ensues and in the resulting conflict, the head robber is shot. The police, after hearing a gunshot, storm the building. The police shoot another one of the thieves, and Van Damme is held at gunpoint by the final one. Van Damme briefly imagines a scenario in which he takes the robber out by elbowing him and kicking him in the face and everyone including the police and crowd cheering for him, but in reality, he just elbows him in the stomach, and the police quickly apprehend him. While speaking as the ringleader of the robbers, Van Damme demanded $465,000 for the law firm handling his custody case. Consequently, he is arrested for extortion, tried and sentenced to 1 year in prison. The final scene shows him teaching karate to other inmates, then being visited by his mother and daughter who both utter the word "Hi" to each other.'] ['Lawrence Jamieson  is a cultivated and suave British con artist who operates in the deluxe hotels along the French Riviera with the help of his manservant Arthur  and corrupt local police officer Andre . His signature con is seducing wealthy and morally suspect women and stealing their money. His only concern is a mysterious, anonymous con man known only as "The Jackal" who has been preying on other wealthy victims of late. When small-time American hustler Freddy Benson  decides to search for easy marks in Beaumont-sur-Mer, Lawrence\'s home base, Lawrence believes that the Jackal has shown his face. Worried that Freddy\'s clumsy antics will scare away his prey, Lawrence has Freddy arrested and put on the next plane out of town. However, Freddy meets one of Lawrence\'s former marks and deduces that the older man is also a crook. Returning to Beaumont-sur-Mer, Freddy forces Lawrence to take him on as a pupil in exchange for his silence. Lawrence attempts to teach the boorish Freddy about high culture with limited success. He also involves him as a subordinate player in his cons, making him play the mentally challenged and socially inept Rueprect in order to scare away their female targets after their money has been acquired. Freddy, tired of not getting paid and tired of the humiliating part he has to play, decides to strike out on his own. Since Lawrence believes that there is not enough room in Beaumont-sur-Mer for both of them, the two agree to a bet in order to decide who stays. The first one to con $50,000 out of a selected mark will be allowed to stay, while the other must leave and never return to Beaumont-sur-Mer. The two select Janet Colgate , a naive and wealthy American heiress, as their target and embark on their separate strategies while at the same time ruthlessly sabotaging each other. Freddy poses as a psychosomatically crippled soldier who needs to borrow $50,000 for treatment by a celebrated Liechtenstein psychiatrist, Dr. Emile Shauffhausen. But when Lawrence discovers this scheme he pretends to be Dr. Shauffhausen, insisting Freddy\'s condition is one he can cure with the stipulation that Janet pay the $50,000 fee directly to him. Lawrence discovers that Janet is not wealthy after all but on vacation as a contest winner and that she intends to liquidate most of her assets to pay for Freddy\'s treatment. Impressed and emotionally touched by Janet\'s innate goodness, Lawrence calls off the bet, noting that his previous victims have all been wealthy and corrupt. Freddy suggests they change the challenge and make Janet herself the bet, with the first to bed her declared the winner. Lawrence refuses to try to "win," agreeing only to bet that Freddy will fail to do so. Lawrence tries to convince Janet that she must ignore her growing attraction for Freddy as part of his therapy and manages to keep her from having any time alone with him in which they might consummate a relationship. With the help of some British sailors, Freddy waylays Lawrence, and rushes to Janet\'s hotel room where he demonstrates his love by walking to her. However, Janet is not alone. Lawrence, is there and declares Freddy cured of his ailment. Ushering Freddy out of the room he explains that the sailors released him after discovering that he is a Royal Navy reserve officer. The sailors, angry at being duped by Freddy, keep him occupied while Lawrence puts Janet on a plane to America. The next day however, Janet does not board her flight. She instead returns to her hotel room to find a remorseful Freddy there. They kiss, close the door and begin to undress. The news reaches Lawrence as he swims, and he accepts his defeat with grace. He is later seen struggling to retain composure as he waits for Freddy to return and gloat over his victory. Instead, Janet arrives in tears. She tells him that Freddy has stolen the money her father sent. Lawrence compensates her with $50,000 of his own and takes her to the airport. At the last minute before she boards the plane, Janet tells Lawrence that she cannot take the money and gives the bag back to him. As the plane leaves, the police arrive with Freddy who claims that Janet robbed the both of them. Puzzled, Lawrence finally opens up the bag and finds a note from Janet instead admitting that she indeed took the $50,000 and that she was The Jackal all along. Freddy is angry while Lawrence is charmed by the Jackal\'s skill. Freddy and Lawrence assess their loss. They are about to part company when the Jackal, in a new disguise as a loud New York real estate developer, arrives at Lawrence\'s villa with a yacht filled with wealthy people. She promptly has Lawrence and Freddy assume roles in her scheme and while the guests refresh themselves, she takes them aside and announces that while she has made a fortune, she had the most fun with them. Joining arms, they set out to fleece their latest victims.'] ['Three British government bureaucrats arrive in Kent to inquire as to why the coastal Anderida marsh is not being cultivated. The reason is that most of the local people know about or are involved in the liquor smuggling scheme operated by Captain Biddle and his accomplice Robert , who is posing as a fisherman when he is seen by the newspaper editor and his journalist daughter Meg. Robert persuades them not to report it in the newspaper, and tells Biddle about his encounter with them. Biddle does not like the idea of any local “Lily White” knowing about their illegal activity; he was once married to a Lily White. The smugglers’ next cargo gets caught in a violent storm, and their boat washes inland, settling in the meadow of a farmer whose wife Polly happens to be Biddle’s ex-wife.'] ["The gang, except for Muggs, works at an aviation factory where spies are present. However, Muggs hangs out there all day long and begins to suspect the doctor of the 'Flying Ambulance' to be the one stealing blueprints and smuggling them to secret agents."] [" In one long Friday evening, Takeshi Miyata , a straight-arrow businessman, will encounter a number of people  who have intertwining fates. The plot of the film is presented in succession first from the point of view of Maki Kuwata , a young woman disappointed in love, then from Takeshi's point of view, then of his friend, Yusuke Kanda , a private detective, then of Takeshi's former girlfriend, Ayumi Kurata , then of a wannabe-tough Yakuza, Asai ."] ['Long-time friends Bacon , Soap , Tom , and Eddy  put together £100,000 so that Eddy, a genius at cards, can buy in to one of Harry "The Hatchet" Lonsdale\'s  weekly high-stakes three card brag game. Harry learns that Eddy is a card savant from his bodyguard Barry "the Baptist" . Knowing that he cannot win he decides to fix the game. He does so by having Barry watch a feed from a camera hidden behind Eddy, and reveal Eddy\'s card values to Harry by a system involving a device hidden on Harry\'s leg. Eddy loses not only his £100,000 buy-in, but an additional £400,000 that Harry bullied him into borrowing to play out the biggest pot of the night. Harry demands repayment within a week. Knowing that Eddy and the others have slim chances of raising half a million pounds within a week, he pulls Eddy\'s father\'s bar into the deal as an alternative, in an attempt to get his own revenge on Eddy\'s father. Barry the Baptist tells Eddy that he will remove a finger from each of the four friends for every day the debt is overdue. After several days with no luck acquiring the funds, Eddy returns home and overhears his neighbours, a gang of thieves led by a man named Dog, planning a heist on some marijuana growers supposedly loaded with cash and drugs. Eddy relays this information to the group, intending for them to rob the neighbours as they come back from their heist. They install taping equipment to record the conversations of their neighbours. Tom acquires a pair of antique shotguns from an underground dealer, known as Nick "the Greek" , who also strikes a deal with Rory Breaker , a gangster and sociopath, to buy the stolen drugs. Nick had purchased the guns from a pair of bungling small-time criminals, Gary and Dean , who had stolen them from a bankrupt lord as part of a job for Harry Lonsdale, not realizing that of the entire stolen firearms collection, his only desire was the two antique shotguns. After learning the guns had been sold, an enraged Barry threatens the two into getting them back. The neighbours\' heist gets under way; despite a gang member being killed by his own Bren Gun, and an incriminating encounter with a traffic warden , the job is a success. On returning to their flat, the gang is ambushed by the four friends, who take the loot and return later that night to stash the goods next door, before celebrating with a wild night of drinking. Rory discovers that the drugs he was going to purchase were stolen from him, as the marijuana growers were in his employ. Rory interrogates Nick into revealing where the four friends live, and enlists one of the chemists to identify the robbers. Meanwhile, furious about their loss, Dog throws one of his men through the wall of their flat and discovers the taping equipment and eventually the stolen goods. While he counts the money, his men prepare an ambush. Gary and Dean, trying to recover the antique shotguns, call Nick, who directs them to the same address, while Big Chris , Harry\'s debt collector, departs with his son to the same destination, and the four friends drive home from the bar. Rory and his gang assault the flat and have a shootout with the neighbours, resulting in the deaths of all but Dog and the lone chemist, the latter taking off with the marijuana. Dog is mugged by Big Chris of the shotguns and money during his escape; Gary and Dean spot Big Chris with the guns and hastily follow him, while the four friends return to find their loot missing. Big Chris gives the guns and cash to Harry, but on his return finds Dog threatening to kill his son if he doesn\'t retrieve the loot. Desperate to get the guns, Gary and Dean attack Harry and Barry at their office, realizing their mistake as they kill each other. The four friends arrive, find everyone dead, and take the cash back. Big Chris suddenly crashes into their car to disable Dog, then brutally bludgeons him to death with his car door. He takes the debt money back from the unconscious friends but allows Tom to leave with the antique shotguns. The friends are arrested, but declared innocent after the traffic warden identified Dog\'s dead gang as the prime suspects. The four reunite at Eddy\'s father’s bar and decide that Tom should dispose of the shotguns, which are the only remaining pieces of evidence that links them to the crimes. After Tom leaves, Big Chris arrives to admit he is keeping the debt money for himself and his son, but instead gives them an antique guns catalogue, which reveals that the antique shotguns were each worth a fortune. They quickly call Tom, and the film ends in a both literal and figurative cliffhanger when Tom’s mobile phone starts ringing as he hangs over the side of a bridge, preparing to drop the shotguns into the River Thames and he has to decide whether to answer the phone or drop the guns into the river.'] ["Set in 1930s Paris, the story centers on Henri Pasquier, whose wealthy father announces he no longer will support his playboy lifestyle. Dr. Pasquier sells his son's beloved Buick roadster, which Henri later sees parked on a street with the keys left in the ignition by the new owner. Unable to resist temptation, he takes the car to keep a date with a young lady he recently has met. Henri is followed by three men who overtake him and bring him to the service station that serves as the front for a gang of car thieves. Believing he is one of them, they warn him not to compete with their operation. At the garage, Henri is introduced to the childlike Jean-la-Cravate, who invites him to stay at his flat with him and his sister Jeannette, who lures men away from their expensive cars so her brother's fellow henchmen can steal them. Jean convinces Henri to join his gang, and he and Jeannette soon are engaging in a series of daring thefts. When they manage to steal three luxury Hispano-Suizas, Henri insists everyone is entitled to better compensation, and the gang leader grudgingly agrees. Perceiving Henri and Jeannette to be troublemakers, the leader sends them to Marseilles in a car with a damaged front axle, hoping it will crack and crash, killing the two. It does crash, but the couple escape without injury. They decide to sail to Casablanca and begin a new life, but Jeannette refuses to leave without her brother. Henri returns to Paris to retrieve him, only to arrive at the garage in the middle of a raid. Jean is shot and seriously injured, and Henri brings him to his father for medical treatment, but he dies. Dr. Pasquier, anxious to help his son escape a life of crime, gives him money so Henri and Jeannette can sail off and start anew."] ['To prevent a gang war, a young Ohio investment advisor Michael Rapaport must impersonate a Mafia Godfather for a few weeks following the assassination of his crime-boss biological father Robert Forster whom he had not even known existed. He tries to keep this new life secret from his real family, especially from his very jealous fiancee Christine Taylor, with the help of his new Cosa Nostra "family," especially his father\'s chief lieutenant Christopher Walken'] ['A real estate con artist named Stan Minton  panics when he learns that he is going to prison for fraud. Stan\'s fear of jail-house rape leads him to hire the mysterious guru known as "The Master"  who helps transform him into a creative martial-arts expert. During his incarceration, Stan uses his new-found skills to intimidate his fellow prisoners and prevents the prisoners from hitting or raping each other. He gains the prisoners\' respect, and eventually becomes their leader, bringing peace and harmony to the prison yard. But the corrupt warden has a plan to profit by turning the prison into a war zone, forcing its closure, and selling off the property as valuable real estate. Stan helps him with the real estate aspects in exchange for early parole, however his peacemaking efforts threaten the warden\'s plan for a riot and he is persuaded to bring back violence. In a last minute attack of conscience he deliberately blows the parole hearing to rush back and prevent the deaths of his fellow inmates, only to discover that his message of peace has sunk in and the prisoners are dancing instead of fighting. The warden orders the guards to open fire on the dancing men and, when they refuse, grabs a gun and shoots wildly. He attempts to shoot Minton but he is stopped by Minton\'s wife and the Master, who have sneaked in. Three years later Minton leaves the prison, which is now run by one of the more sympathetic guards, to be met outside by his wife, his young daughter and the Master.'] ['London-based gangster George Thomason  and his right-hand man, Ken Pile , a beleaguered animal lover with a bad stutter, plan a jewel heist. They bring in two Americans to help: an alluring con artist, Wanda Gershwitz  and their "weapons man" Otto West , an Anglophobe who fancies himself as an intellectual. Wanda and Otto are lovers, but hide this fact from George and Ken, pretending to be brother and sister, so Wanda can work her charms on them. The robbery goes well, with the thieves getting away with a large sum in diamonds. The only problem is that they are briefly spotted during their getaway by an old lady walking her dogs. The group then hide the loot in a safe in an old warehouse. Soon after, Wanda and Otto betray George to the police and he is arrested. They return to collect the loot, only to find that George and Ken have moved it to an unknown location. Wanda, who was planning to double-cross Otto as well, decides to seduce George\'s unhappily married lawyer, Archie Leach , to find out where the diamonds are located. Otto becomes insanely jealous, and his interference, combined with incidences of bad luck, lead Wanda and Archie\'s liaisons to go disastrously wrong. Archie eventually calls off their attempted affair. Meanwhile, George gives Ken the task of killing the old lady, the Crown\'s only eye witness. During his various attempts to kill her, the animal-loving Ken accidentally kills off her three Yorkshire Terriers one by one. This causes him grief, as well as grave bodily harm as each attempt goes wrong. However, the witness suffers a fatal heart attack when her last Terrier is killed, and Ken is ultimately successful in his mission. Wanda and Otto want George to remain in jail, but with no witness he may get off. During the course of George\'s trial, Wanda gives evidence that will lead to a conviction rather than an acquittal. Archie, stunned by the unexpected turn in her evidence, flubs his cross-examination and inadvertently calls her "darling". Enraged, George starts a brawl that leads to everyone fleeing the courtroom. Archie\'s wife Wendy  is sitting in the observer\'s area, and Archie\'s antics confirm her suspicions of his affair . After George is taken into custody, she confronts Archie and states that she plans to divorce him. With his career ruined and his marriage about to end, Archie resolves to cut his losses, find the loot, and flee with Wanda to South America. Promised less jail time, George tells Archie that Ken knows the location of the diamonds. As he is leaving to question Ken, Archie picks up Wanda while she attempts to flee the courthouse. Archie tells her he knows that Ken is aware of the hiding spot, and Wanda counters by noting she has the key to the safe deposit box. While the courtroom drama is unfolding, Otto has been trying to get Ken to reveal the location of the diamonds. He tortures Ken by eating the fish in his aquarium one-by-one, leaving the fish called Wanda until the end. In the process, Ken accidentally mentions the location of the diamonds at a hotel near Heathrow Airport. Otto is leaving just as Archie runs into the building; Otto steals Archie\'s car, taking Wanda with him. Ken tells Archie, as quickly as he can given his stutter, where they are going. The two give chase. The protagonists all end up in Heathrow. Otto and Wanda recover the diamonds, but Wanda quickly double-crosses Otto and locks him in a cupboard. Otto escapes and is briefly captured by Archie, only to turn the tables. He is about to kill Archie, but Archie manages to distract Otto by pointing out that Americans are not always winners - as shown by their loss to North Vietnam in the Vietnam war. While they are arguing, Otto is run over by a steamroller driven by Ken, seeking vengeance for the live fish Otto ate. Archie joins Wanda on board the plane, which taxis for takeoff. Through the plane window, Otto  curses them until, as the plane takes off, he finally drops off.'] ['When American diplomat William Gridley  arrives in London, he rents part of Carly Hardwicke\'s  house from her and promptly begins to fall in love. Gridley doesn\'t know that many people think she killed Miles Hardwick, her British husband, as he has disappeared, but without a body, the police can do nothing. Gridley\'s boss, the American ambassador , learns about it and doesn\'t take this "lapse of judgment" lightly. Since Carly is also American, Gridley saves his job by introducing her to the ambassador, who is promptly smitten and promises to help her. When a Scotland Yard detective arrives, wanting to get to the truth one way or another, they say they\'ll help him without letting Carly know they are investigating her. Events take a surprising turn when Miles Hardwicke  shows up alive and is accidentally shot and killed in a struggle with his wife. Carly escapes prosecution due to the eyewitness testimony of her crippled neighbor\'s private nurse but a new mystery develops over a candelabra which Carly recently pawned and was the cause of the argument between the former married couple. It turns out the candelabra was stuffed with stolen jewels but the item disappears again when the pawnbroker is murdered and Gridley and Carlyle join forces to solve the crime, culminating in a confrontation with the real murderer at a lovely seaside resort and a chase sequence with tunes from The Pirates of Penzance.'] ['Mr. Raj K. Saxena  is known for his parsimony. Everything he does and thinks is valued with money, and ways he can accumulate it. His daughter, Kiran , is the opposite, a spendthrift. Mr. Saxena borrows money from elderly people, assuring them of returning the loan with a handsome rate of interest after about 20 years, knowing fully well that none of them will survive 20 years. Then he meets with the son of one of such lender, aptly named after him viz. Raj K. Saxena . Mr. Saxena refuses to repay the amount, swallows the proof, the only evidence, and asks Raj to get out, which he does so. Raj is determined to get his money, and wants Kiran to fall in love with him. Kiran does so, and brings him over to introduce him to her shocked and speechless dad. Things change when Raj inherits a large amount of money, ironically left by Mr. Saxena maternal grandmother, and it is Mr. Saxena who is now anxious to get in the good books of Raj, with hilarious results.'] ['Captain "Dandy Forsdyke"  is a habitual criminal who can\'t resist a tempting robbery. His gifts are for pickpocketing and safecracking. However, he is engaged to Babette, a stripper  who wants him to go straight before they marry. In love with Babette, he desperately wants to quit, but is always lured back into another crime by his associates. Babette comes across a society known as Crooks Anonymous who help hardened thieves go straight. Founded by Mr Montague , and funded by a generous legacy, they have an excellent track record. Babette agrees to help them cure Forsdyke. Forsdyke is picked up during a robbery by a Crooks Anonymous man Brother Widdowes  disguised as a policemen, and taken to the Crooks Anonymous headquarters. Confronted by Montague, Forsdyke admits that he wants to give up crime and marry Babette. They begin to interrogate him, and discover that he is a habitual liar, whose real name is Cox, who has never seen military service, despite his claim to be a decorated veteran. Widdowes and Montague embark Forsdyke on a dose of punishment and rehabilitation. They begin by locking him in a room filled with safes, which contain cigarettes, food, drink and a number of booby traps which make opening them a hazardous business. After a week of this torture, Forsdyke is beginning to crack. Nonetheless he fails a test to see how much progress he has made, reverting to his old ways as soon as he is outside. After a month of training, Forsdyke finally passes the test and is released into society. He moves into a house with Babette, gets a job working as Father Christmas in a department store and refuses an offer by one of his old pals to go back into criminality. However, after consuming large amounts of alcohol at a Christmas party he passes out and finds himself alone in the department store, with £250,000 of takings near him in the safe. Forsdyke breaks in intending to steal the money, and then panicking at his relapse, calls Crooks Anonymous for help. They send their two top men, including Brother Widdowes, who also cave at the sight of the money. They in turn call for the Chairman who arrives with his Secretary. Confronted with this unique opportunity, the five of them decide to steal the money and split it among themselves. They make good their escape, past the drunken night watchmen and head through the streets. They go to Forsdyke\'s house, only to be confronted by an outraged Babette, who demands they put the money back. Grudgingly they agree, as she threatens to call Scotland Yard and inform them of the burglary. They successfully manage to return the money, unfortunately triggering an alarm which brings the night watchmen out. Just making good their escape, they breathe a sigh of relief. Forsdyke marries Babette and as a sign of appreciation they make her a Sister of Crooks Anonymous for keeping them all honest.'] ['A bank temporarily housed in a mobile home while a new building is built, looks like an easy target to break into. On the other hand, why not steal the whole bank, and rob it in a safer location?'] ["Years ago, a mob boss named Lucio Malatesta  pinned the murder of rival Sammy Carboni  on another rival named Angelo Allieghieri , which led to Sammy's son Gianni vowing revenge. Frankie Delano  has spent his life safeguarding Angelo as well as Angelo's daughter, Jennifer Barrett , whose unsavory husband Kip Barrett  has had their young son Rawley  placed in a boarding school against Jennifer's wishes. Jennifer was raised by her adoptive parents Whitney Towers  and Peggy Towers  and is not aware that Angelo is her father. After Angelo is killed in a restaurant by a hit man named Bruno , Frankie introduces himself, tells Jennifer who he is and what he has been doing. A neurotic mess, Jennifer can barely handle the news that Kip is a philanderer, let alone the revelation that she is a gangster's daughter. But a DVD prepared by Angelo in the case of just such an event convinces Jennifer that it's the truth. Jennifer certainly doesn't want a full-time bodyguard, even Frankie. She ditches Kip and then falls for Italian romance novelist Marcello , who lectures at her book club. Frankie has suspicions about Marcello, but his job is to stay on the sidelines. Frankie rescues Jennifer from a string of attacks. With many of Angelo's enemies, including Lucio Malatesta, terminated, Frankie allows her to visit Italy with Marcello. But it turns out that Marcello is actually Gianni Carboni, who had Angelo killed. And now Gianni plans to kill Jennifer. It's up to Frankie to protect her one more time."] ['Arthur Ferguson Jones  and Wilhelmina Clark  work at the same accounting firm. Jones turns out to look exactly like the notorious bank robber "Killer" Mannion  and is apprehended by the police. After his true identity is confirmed, the district attorney gives Jones a letter identifying him, so that he can avoid the same trouble in future. Jones becomes a local celebrity and, at the behest of his boss , begins ghost-writing Mannion\'s "autobiography", with good-natured but street-wise Wilhelmina voluntarily acting as his "talent agent" to see that he gets paid. Mannion decides to take advantage of his mild-mannered doppelgänger and, ultimately, leave Jones "holding the bag" for Mannion\'s crimes. He kidnaps Wilhelmina, Jones\' visiting aunt, and a few others, and takes them back to his hideout. He instructs Jones to make a large deposit for Mannion\'s mother\'s benefit at the First National Bank, where police detectives are expecting Mannion to make another robbery attempt. Fortunately for Jones, he forgets to bring the check and unwittingly leads the police back to Mannion\'s hideout. Upon his arrival, Jones is mistaken for Mannion by the waiting henchmen and quickly realizes that he is meant to be the fall guy. When Mannion returns unexpectedly, Jones orders the men to shoot Mannion. The police arrive in time to capture the rest of the gang. With Mannion dead, Jones collects a reward and takes a long-desired cruise to Shanghai with Wilhelmina.'] ['Daniel Foray  is the leader of an unusual group of burglars in Paris. When Daniel is instructed by his boss to go to Chicago to pull off an easy home robbery it seems simple enough. However, when the group arrives in Chicago, the mission quickly turns into a fiasco. First, the group has a run in with a local gang of street thugs. Then, the group\'s "keep a low profile" stay with Sophie Nicols  is disrupted by a noisy neighbour. To make matters worse, while preparing for the burglary the group steals a car which belongs to a Latino street gang... After breaking into the house, tying up the owner and cracking the safe, the group realise that they have burgled the wrong house! The house in fact belongs to Frankie Zammeti  an under boss of the Chicago Mafia who vows revenge. The group desperately tries to flee the city and return to Paris, all the while being hotly pursued by the Mafia, the Latino gang, the Chicago police, and the FBI who had Zammeti\'s house under surveillance. An excellent, action comedy with many plot twists and a mix of lighthearted and darker moments.'] ['Sylvia Scarlett and her father, Henry, flee France one step ahead of the police. Henry, while employed as a bookkeeper for a lace factory, was discovered to be an embezzler. While on the channel ferry, they meet a "gentleman adventurer", Jimmy Monkley, who partners with them in his con games.'] ['In the wine-growing village of Montpaillard, the humorless gamekeeper Parju is determined to bring in the wily poacher Blaireau. One night, he is accidentally knocked out by Armand Fléchard, a young piano teacher, but is convinced the attacker was Blaireau and has him arrested. However, Blaireau knows how to take advantage of any situation, and what he makes of being arrested benefits the entire village, including Fléchard and his girlfriend, Arabella, the daughter of the local landowner.'] ["While on a road trip in the Southwest, Rae  discovers that her man, Michael , spent the $15,000 they set aside for a home on a vintage muscle car. Rae promptly dumps Michael at a convenience store and hops a ride to the airport. Soon after, Michael loses the car when a young kid cons him out of the keys. Michael soon finds his day going from bad to worse when he's caught up in a botched robbery at the convenience store he's now stranded at. The cops  show up ready for a gunfight. Michael finds himself trying to convince the gunman  to let him and the other hostages go, all while trying to plan how to get to the airport before Rae's flight leaves."] ['In Edwardian England, Louis Mazzini , tenth Duke of Chalfont, writes his memoirs while in prison awaiting hanging the next morning. Most of the film consists of a flashback in which Louis narrates the events leading to his imprisonment. After his mother elopes with an Italian opera singer , she is disowned by her aristocratic family, the D\'Ascoynes, for marrying beneath her. The couple are poor but happy, until he dies upon seeing his newborn son for the first time. As a boy, Louis\' only friends are a local doctor\'s children: a girl named Sibella and her brother. When Louis becomes a young man, his mother writes to Lord Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne, a banker, for assistance in launching her son\'s career. Lord D\'Ascoyne refuses to acknowledge their existence, and Louis is forced to accept employment as a draper\'s assistant. When Louis\' mother dies, her last request{{spaced ndash}}to be interred in the family vault{{spaced ndash}}is denied. Louis vows to avenge her. After Sibella ridicules his offer of marriage, Louis attends her wedding to Lionel ([[John Penrose , a former schoolmate with a wealthy father. He then has a chance encounter at his workplace with one of those in line for the family title of Duke of Chalfont: Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne . An altercation results in Louis\' dismissal from his job in trade. Louis then decides to eliminate those who stand between him and the dukedom. After causing the deaths of Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne and his mistress in a boating accident, Louis writes a letter of condolence to his victim\'s father, Lord Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne, who relents and employs him as a clerk in his private banking firm. Slowly becoming a man of means, Louis discreetly sees Sibella. He next decides to murder Henry D\'Ascoyne, an amateur photographer, but is also charmed by Henry\'s wife, Edith . After killing Henry with a darkroom explosion, Louis attends the funeral and views for the first time the remaining D\'Ascoynes, including Ethelred, the current duke. Louis poisons the Reverend Lord Henry D\'Ascoyne, then meets with a now-bankrupt Lionel, who begs for an extension of his loan. Noting he would prefer that "someone else pay for Sibella\'s extravagances", Louis agrees. He then pierces the hot air balloon from which suffragette Lady Agatha D\'Ascoyne is dropping leaflets, remarking, "I shot an arrow in the air. She fell to earth in Berkeley Square." Boer Wars veteran General Lord Rufus D\'Ascoyne falls victim to an explosive gift of caviar, while Louis\' quandary as to how to reach Admiral Lord Horatio D\'Ascoyne is solved when he insists on going down with his ship after causing a collision. When Edith agrees to marry Louis, they notify Ethelred. Ethelred invites Louis to the family estate, where he informs Louis that he intends to marry to produce an heir. A now anxious Louis quickly arranges a shooting "accident", but before murdering Ethelred tells him the reason. Lord Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne, who has suffered a stroke, is spared Louis\' attentions as he dies from the shock of learning that he has acceded to the dukedom. Louis becomes the tenth duke, but his triumph is short-lived. Lionel is found dead following Louis\' rejecting his drunken plea for help to avoid bankruptcy. Louis is charged with his murder and tried by his peers in the House of Lords. Sibella perjures herself and incriminates him. Ironically, he is convicted of the one death for which he is innocent. Louis is visited in prison by Sibella, who hints she could exonerate him if he would dispose of Edith and marry her. Louis indicates agreement, and moments before his hanging Lionel\'s suicide note is conveniently produced. Upon his release, Louis finds both Edith and Sibella waiting for him. Pondering his dilemma, Louis quotes from The Beggar\'s Opera: "How happy could I be with either, Were t\'other dear charmer away!" When a representative of Tit-Bits magazine interrupts his reflections to ask for the publication rights to his memoirs, Louis suddenly realizes he left his incriminating manuscript in his cell.  To satisfy the Hays Office Production Code, the film was censored for the American market.{{cite book}} Ten seconds of footage was added to the ending, showing Louis\' memoirs being discovered before he can retrieve them. The dialogue between Louis and Sibella was altered to downplay their adultery; derogatory lines about the reverend were deleted; and in the nursery rhyme "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe", sailor replaced the word nigger. The American version is six minutes shorter than the British original.'] ['Amar  and Prem  are two daydreamers with a common aim: getting rich by marrying a rich heiress, Raveena Bajaj , daughter of Ram Gopal Bajaj . The guys run into each other on a bus and soon realize that they have a common goal. The duo fail at various attempts to woo the lady. Finally, they decide to insinuate themselves in her house. Amar pretends to be a guy who has lost his memory after getting hit by Raveena, while Prem pretends to be a doctor. The boys don\'t know that Raveena\'s secretary Karishma  is real Raveena. She switched her identity because she wanted to find a boy who will love her, not her money. Nobody is aware that Ram Gopal has a twin brother called Shyam Gopal Bajaj aka Teja. Teja is a criminal who has taken lots of money from Crime Master Gogo . Teja hopes to land the riches himself by kidnapping his brother and posing as Ram. He has also planted his cronies Robert  and Bhalla  in the household. Ram arrives in India & Teja plans to steal Ram\'s money converted in diamonds. Here, Ram sees through the real nature of Amar & Prem, thus declining Raveena\'s marriage to anyone of them. The duo plan to fake a kidnapping where they will heroically "rescue" Ram. Unknown to them, Teja has planned to kidnap Ram as well. Teja succeeds in having Ram kidnapped. The boys go to release Ram, but Teja makes them believe that he is Ram and finally enters Ram\'s household. Initially, nobody suspects a thing, but the girls soon smell a rat. The boys have discovered real identities of the girls. Prem has fallen for real Raveena while Amar has fallen for real Karishma. The girls tell their suspicions to the boys. The boys tail Teja and soon find out the truth. Here, Ram tricks Teja and escapes the prison. However, the boys mistake him for Teja, resulting Ram to be imprisoned again - with Amar & Prem. However, Amar & Prem succeed in convincing Robert & Bhalla that Ram is actually Teja. The boys, along with Robert & Bhalla, stop Teja. However, Ram is kidnapped along with Raveena & Karishma. The climax takes place in Gogo\'s lair, where the boys try to control the situation along with Ram. In a comic standoff, the real motives of each villain are revealed. However, due to the smartness of the boys, police raid Gogo\'s lair, thus rounding up all the criminals. Ram finally decides to have the girls married to Amar & Prem.'] ['Ben is a witty, charismatic serial killer who holds forth at length about whatever comes to mind, be it the "craft" of murder, the failings of architecture, his own poetry, or classical music, which he plays with his girlfriend. A film crew joins him on his sadistic adventures, recording them for a fly on the wall documentary. Ben takes them to meet his family and friends while boasting of murdering dozens of people at random and dumping their bodies in canals and quarries. The viewer witnesses these grisly killings in graphic detail. Ben ventures into apartment buildings, explaining how it is more cost-effective to attack old people than young couples because the former have more cash at home and are easier to kill. In a following scene, he screams wildly at an elderly lady, causing her to have a heart attack. As she lies dying, he casually remarks that this method saved him a bullet. Ben continues his candid explanations and appalling rampage, shooting, strangling, and beating to death anyone who comes his way: women , immigrants , and postmen . The camera crew becomes more and more involved in the murders, first as accomplices but eventually taking an active part in them. When Ben invades a home and kills an entire family, they help him hold down a young boy and smother him. They meet a competing camera crew and take turns shooting the three men. During filming, two of Ben\'s crew are killed; their deaths are later called "occupational hazards" by a crew member. When Ben takes a couple hostage in their own home, he holds the man at gunpoint while he and the crew gang-rape the woman. The following morning, the camera dispassionately records the aftermath: the woman has been butchered with a knife, her entrails spilling out, and the man has been shot to death. Ben\'s violence becomes more and more random until he kills an acquaintance in front of his girlfriend and friends during a birthday dinner. Spattered with blood, they act as though nothing horrible has happened, continuing to offer Ben presents. The film crew disposes of the body for Ben. After a victim flees before he can be killed, Ben is arrested, but he escapes. At this point someone starts taking revenge on him and his family. Ben discovers that his parents have been killed, along with his girlfriend: a flautist, she has been murdered in a particularly humiliating manner, with her flute inserted into her anus. This prompts Ben to decide that he must leave. He meets the camera crew to say farewell, but in the middle of reciting a poem he is abruptly shot dead by an off-camera gunman. The camera crew is then picked off one by one. After the camera falls, it keeps running, and the film ends with the death of the fleeing sound recordist.'] ['Two clumsy French thieves, Anatole and Arthur, plan a spectacular heist : the attack of a freight train which carries from Paris to Brussels the secret funds of NATO. They don\'t know that another team is planning the same attack, the same one which performed the Glasgow-London Great Train Robbery; the team is headed by "The Brain" , a British criminal mastermind whose massive brain is so heavy that, when he has a strong emotion, he cannot keep his head upright. The Brain has also a deal with the Sicilian mafia.'] ["While on a cruise, stodgy, overly-frugal businessman Larry Wilson  gets hit on the head with an oar while rescuing 'Doc' Ryan . He wakes up and remembers that he is actually a suave conman named George Cary; Doc is one of his crooked associates. However, he has lost all memory of the past nine years as Larry. He returns to New York and learns that he is married to Kay , who is in the process of divorcing him to marry Herbert . George talks Doc into masquerading as a physician treating him, partly out of curiosity, but mostly because of greed, after seeing the balance in his checking account. That turns out to be a dead end (the money is only held in trust for the [[Community Chest , so he decides to swindle people using his alter-ego's sterling reputation. A complication arises when he falls in love with Kay a second time. She however wants nothing further to do with her boring cheapskate of a husband. George attempts to win back Kay's affections while simultaneously trying to sell some worthless land to the greedy leading citizens of the town."] ['Burglar John "Duke" Anderson is released after ten years in prison. He renews his relationship with his old girlfriend, Ingrid. She lives in a high-class apartment block  in New York City and Anderson, almost instantly, decides to burgle the entire building in a single sweep&nbsp;— filling a furniture van with the proceeds. He gains financing from a nostalgic Mafia boss and gathers his four-man crew. Also included is an old ex-con drunk, "Pop", whom Anderson met in jail, and who is to play concierge while the real one is bound and gagged in the cellar. Less welcome is a man the Mafia foists onto Anderson&nbsp;— the thuggish "Socks". Socks is a psychopath who has become a liability to the mob and, as part of the deal, Anderson must kill him in the course of the robbery. Anderson is not keen on this, since the operation is complicated enough, but is forced to go along. Anderson has unwittingly entered a world of pervasive surveillance&nbsp;— the agents, cameras, bugs, and tracking devices of numerous public and private agencies see almost the entire operation from the earliest planning to the execution. As Anderson advances the scheme, he moves from the surveillance of one group to another as locations or individuals change. These include a private detective hired to eavesdrop on Anderson\'s girlfriend who is also the mistress of a wealthy man; the BNDD, who are checking over a released drug dealer; the FBI, investigating Black activists and the interstate smuggling of antiques; and the IRS, which is after the mob boss who is financing the operation. Yet, because the various federal, state and city agencies performing the surveillance are all after different goals, none of them is able to "connect the dots" and anticipate the robbery. The operation proceeds over a Labor Day weekend. Disguised as a Mayflower moving and storage crew, the crooks cut telephone and alarm wires and move up through the building, gathering the residents as they go and robbing each apartment.  However, the son of two of the residents is a paraplegic and asthmatic who is left behind in his air-conditioned room. Using his amateur radio equipment, he calls up other radio amateurs, based in Hawaii, Portland, Maine and Wichita Falls, who contact the police.There is an obvious error, as Wichita Falls is said to be in Kansas, not Texas. Obviously, the screenwriter confused it with Wichita, Kansas. The alarm is thus raised, after some problems as to which side  should take the phone bill. As the oblivious criminals work, the police array enormous forces outside to prevent their escape and send a team in via a neighboring rooftop. In the shootout that follows, Anderson kills Socks, but is himself shot by the police. The other robbers are killed, injured or captured, but none gets away with it. Pop gives himself up after letting the police believe that he is the real concierge for a while. Having never adapted to life on the outside, he looks forward to going back to prison. In the course of searching the building, the police discover some audio listening equipment left behind by the private detective who was hired to check up on Ingrid. While organizing the robbery, Anderson met various people who were under similar surveillance for other reasons by various government agencies . To avoid embarrassment over the failing to realize what was going on and that some of the recordings were illegal, the agencies order the tapes to be erased.'] ["Frank Falenczyk  is a hit man for his Polish mob family in Buffalo, New York. He has a drinking problem, and when he messes up a critical assignment that puts the family business in peril, his uncle Roman Krzeminski , head of the family, sends him to San Francisco to clean up his act. He is forced to accept a job at a mortuary, and go to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, where he confesses his job, explaining that he wants to be free of his drinking problem because it's affecting his ability to kill effectively. He falls in love with Laurel Pearson , a quirky client he meets at the funeral home. Meanwhile, an upstart Irish mob threatens the family snow-plowing business. When violence erupts, Frank returns home to face the old rivals on new terms. With assistance from Laurel, he manages to suppress his family's adversaries, killing the mob's leader and disbanding the Irish posse."] ['The film involves a series of interconnected events that converge up to the same time at 11:14 p.m. The connections between the events are not apparent at first, but are gradually revealed by a series of progressively receding flashbacks: # Jack , who has been drinking, is seen driving along a road at night talking on his cell phone. The clock on the dashboard reads 11:14 p.m. Suddenly, as he drives under an overpass, something smashes across the windshield, causing him to skid off the road. He stops by a deer crossing sign and gets out to inspect the damage, and finds a human body with a badly mutilated face lying close to his car. When he sees another car approaching, he panics and drags the body out of sight. The car pulls up next to him, and the driver, Norma , assumes that he hit a deer. She offers to call the police over Jack\'s protests, insisting that it is no trouble because she has a new cell phone that she "never uses" and because she is friends with the Chief of Police. Norma offers Jack a ride to her house to wait for the police, but he declines. When she drives off, Jack decides to hide the body in the trunk of his car. He gets back into the car to pull away, but a police officer pulls up behind him. Officer Hannagan  speaks with Jack and, noting his odd behavior, asks him if he would submit to a breathalyzer test. Jack requests a sobriety test instead, which Hannagan administers, getting him to count back in reverse from Z to A. When the officer checks with dispatch, he finds that Jack\'s license has been revoked for driving under the influence. Hannagan tells Jack that he is under arrest and that his car will be impounded. When he finds the body in the trunk, Hannagan handcuffs Jack with a cable tie and tells the two people already in the back of the cruiser, Duffy  and Buzzy , to move over so that Jack will fit. While Hannagan argues with Buzzy, who refuses to move over, Jack is able to pull clippers out of his pocket, cut the cable tie, and escape. Hannagan pursues, leaving the cruiser door open, and Duffy and Buzzy also escape. Jack runs across a property with security lights and a dog, causing the owner, Norma, to come out. She is obviously upset and is looking for her husband Frank  because she just received a phone call that their daughter, Cheri , was killed in a hit-and-run accident. Hannagan catches up to Jack at this point, and Norma angrily strikes Jack with a flashlight, assuming that he is responsible for her daughter\'s death. He flees again, into the cemetery where he trips over a bowling ball and is again taken into custody. # Teenagers Tim , Mark  and Eddie ([[Ben Foster  are driving around causing trouble by throwing things out of the windows of Mark\'s van, including a book they have set on fire. Mark, distracted by Eddie urinating out the van\'s window, runs into and kills Cheri, who was crossing the road while on her cell phone. They stop, but flee the scene when Duffy comes toward the van with a gun. As Duffy fires on the retreating van, Tim realizes that the accident also caused the van\'s window to snap shut, cutting off Eddie\'s penis. Tim insists that Mark stop, and Tim goes back to find the penis. Tim is accosted by the paramedics, Leon  and Kevin  at the scene, but manages to escape and get the severed penis back to Eddie. # Frank is walking his dog late at night and discovers his daughter\'s  car keys next to the dead body of Aaron  in the cemetery. Thinking his daughter is responsible for the death, Frank packs the body in the trunk of Aaron\'s car, accidentally locking the keys in with the body. He breaks a window to get into the car, then drives to a bridge. He has to hide from a car driven by Duffy that passes by, but then disposes of the body by dropping it over the side of the bridge, where it lands on Jack\'s car . His dog runs off with the blood-soaked jacket. He chases the dog, eventually catching it. He sees the burning book that the teenagers threw on the sidewalk, and uses it to set his jacket on fire. His wife, Norma, sees him and gives him a ride home, where she sends him out to look for the deer that Jack supposedly hit. # Buzzy is working at a convenience store late at night. Her friend and co-worker Duffy arrives and they begin discussing Cheri\'s pregnancy and money needed for an abortion. Mark and Eddie arrive after the store is closed but Duffy lets them come in. They are there to buy items to throw out the van windows. After they leave, Duffy tells Buzzy his plan to steal from the store the $500 required to pay for the abortion. Cheri arrives and she and Duffy go into the cooler. Meanwhile Buzzy is playing around with Duffy\'s revolver  and she accidentally shoots a bullet through a glass door of a refrigerator, barely missing Duffy and Cheri. Cheri leaves and Duffy asks Buzzy to allow him to steal the money from the convenience store\'s cash register. Buzzy objects, fearful of losing her job, but relents, while insisting that Duffy shoot her in the arm to make it look like an authentic robbery. He shoots her in the arm and then dials 9-1-1 for her, leaving while she is on the phone. Duffy looks for his keys, barely escaping the police who are arriving more quickly than he thought they would. While driving away, he passes by Aaron\'s car, where Frank has parked it preparing to dispose of Aaron\'s body. Duffy then sees Cheri parked and tells her he got the money for her abortion. When she gets out of her car, he witnesses the teenagers\' van knocking down and killing Cheri, and he shoots at the teenagers. He is then arrested by Officer Hannagan for shooting at the van and for the store robbery, based on the description someone phoned in . Buzzy is arrested as an accomplice when she refuses to identify Duffy and admits to conspiring with him. # Cheri leaves her house to have sex with Aaron at the cemetery. Aaron is reclining against a tombstone that has a stone angel on top. The angel\'s neck is damaged and the heavy stone head falls onto Aaron\'s face, killing him instantly and mutilating his face. Cheri runs away from the scene, not realizing that she has dropped the set of keys that Frank found in the earlier scene. Cheri borrows her father\'s car and goes to the convenience store to get Duffy\'s bowling ball, intending to replace the angel head with the bowling ball and implicate Duffy as killing Aaron. As she drives away from the store, she sees the shooting and reports a description of Duffy to the police. When Cheri arrives back at the cemetery, she drops the bowling ball when she sees that Aaron\'s body is gone. She tries to leave, but her car is again having trouble starting. Her cell phone rings, and she begins talking to Jack. This is the phone conversation the movie begins with, continued to inform the viewer that Cheri\'s "pregnancy" is actually a scam to get money from both Duffy and Aaron, so that Cheri and Jack can leave town together with the money. In the midst of the call, Duffy calls out Cheri\'s name from across the street to tell her that he got the $500 she wanted him to get. Cheri hangs up quickly, and crossing the street, the cell phone rings again, and, distracted, she stops in the middle of the road, where she is hit by the van containing Mark, Tim, and Eddie. The camera pans to Cheri\'s cell phone, which reads 11:14 p.m.'] ["The film follows rookie detective Jo Dee Fostar, played by Zane, on his first case. The case involves a serial killer, wanted for over one-hundred and twenty murders. In order to find the killer, he must enlist the help of convicted murderer Dr. Animal Cannibal Pizza. However, during the investigation, his girlfriend, Jane Wine, is asked by her boss to take a large sum of money to the bank. Instead of doing this, she leaves town with the money. While hiding, she decides to rest at the Cemetery Motel, which is later revealed to be a cemetery named Motel after its owner, Antonio Motel. Jo must then enlist the help of Det. Balsam  and Dr. Pizza to not only find the murderer, but his missing girlfriend as well. All of this takes the cast on many adventures at the Cemetery Motel. At the end of the movie Lily, Jane's sister, turns out to be Detective Balsam in a sleeveless pink dress complete with shaved armpits in a rubber female bodysuit."] ["The majority of the film consists of Dillon, Goodman and Reiser's characters reciting their separate lovesick accounts of their experiences with Tyler's seductress character, each narrating over what they consider to be the real version of the recent events. Scenes are often re-enacted twice, with different accounts contradicting each other for comedic effect. For example, when Goodman's detective character is narrating, he acts as if he were a completely fair, by-the-book police officer, and Dillon is painted as a slimy, macho, abusive thug. When Dillon is telling the story, he is the innocent victim and Goodman is shown as a suspicious, prying, hard-nosed cop; Reiser's character is convinced that every woman is in love with him, and during his version of the tale, everyone acts accordingly."] ['Chili Palmer , a loan shark based in Miami, clashes with another mobster, Ray "Bones" Barboni . Barboni borrows Chili\'s jacket without permission, and Chili gets it back after slugging Barboni. After several more confrontations, Barboni tried to get his boss, Jimmy Capp  involved. Capp refuses to go to mob war over such a trivial matter as Chili\'s jacket. When Palmer\'s New York boss, Momo, dies of a heart attack, he quickly finds himself working for Barboni. Barboni\'s first order is for Palmer to collect a 18K loansharking debt owed by dry cleaner Leo Devoe . Devoe was believed to be killed in a fatal commercial airliner crash. Owing loan shark money to Palmer, a panicky Devoe had got off his flight, started slamming down drinks, and failed to re-board. After his plane crashed, Devoe\'s wife, Faye, identified his personal effects. The airliner quickly offered her a check for $300,000, assuming Devoe had been aboard the aircraft. When Chili visits Devoe\'s widow to see if he had any flight insurance, she suddenly tells him Leo is actually still alive, and partying in Las Vegas. While looking for Devoe in Vegas, Palmer picks up a job from a casino manager, Dick Allen , to collect a gambling debt from a B-movie producer named Harry Zimm . When Palmer locates Zimm at actress Karen Flores\' house, he agrees to pay back the money he owes the casino in 90 days. On an aside, Palmer then pitches a movie idea to the producer: a thinly veiled story of his own recent life. Zimm is interested in the concept, but he has financial problems of his own. He owes $200,000 to drug dealer Bo Catlett . Palmer tells Zimm he will help Zimm take care of it. In the interim, Palmer tracks down Devoe and collects the $300,000 in insurance money, plus another $10,000, which he promises to pay back plus interest. Palmer returns the next day, and asks Karen Flores  out. Flores is the ex-wife of famed actor Martin Weir , who is just the man Palmer wants to star in his life story. With Karen, Palmer pitches Weir the story idea. Weir seems very interested in the script ideas. When Catlett visits Zimm for a progress report about the film he is supposedly financing, Palmer tells Catlett that Zimm has a project he needs to finish first. Catlett wants to produce the new film, Mr. Lovejoy, but Harry claims he cannot do that, as the new film deal is "structured". Catlett and his sidekick Ronnie  then threaten Harry, saying they want their $200,000 back immediately. In the meantime Catlett\'s drug dealing business has had problems with cash shortages and Mexican mafia dealers wanting money. Chili has problems too, as a drunken Harry has recklessly called Ray Barboni in Miami, and told him Chili has recovered the money from Leo Devoe. Barboni is soon on his way to Los Angeles. A few days later, Catlett offers Zimm $500,000 interest free to drop Palmer\'s help and let him produce the film. Palmer soon asks Karen Flores  out. Karen, is a low-budget actress and the ex-wife of actor Martin Weir. Martin is the man Palmer wants to help him produce and star in his story. Through Karen, Palmer pitches Weir the idea. Weir seems interested. As a romance starts developing between Palmer and Karen, they begin to realize they both have a love for movies, too. Bo Catlett is upset about his failing drug business, and the fact Harry will not let him produce Mr. Lovejoy. Desperate for money, Catlett kidnaps Karen and demands the money that Chili has gotten back from Leo Devoe. Though Chili turns over the money he received from Devoe, Catlett reneges on their deal. Catlett\'s double crossing henchman, Bear , starts beating on Chili on Catlett\'s balcony. In the ensuing struggle, Catlett is pushed against the balcony railing . Catlett plummets to his death. At his hotel the same night, Barboni confronts Palmer, searching him until he finds the airport locker key. At the airport, upon opening the locker, Barboni is confronted by police and arrested. The final scene is on a Hollywood studio set at MGM, with actor Harvey Keitel playing Ray Barboni and Martin Weir as Palmer. Directing them is Penny Marshall, with Zimm as executive producer, Chili and Karen as co-producers. Bear appears as a technical consultant. Bette Midler is at the studio in an uncredited part as Harry\'s girlfriend.'] ['Fernand Naudin is an ex-gangster, who now deals in agricultural machinery and lives in Montauban. His modest, quiet life is disrupted when his childhood friend, who has become the Boss of a gangster organisation, summons him to his death bed. He has to take care of his friend\'s "business" and of his daughter, Patricia, who only thinks about having fun and has never been kept in a college for more than six months. As if it wasn\'t enough, by taking the Boss\'s  golden seat, Fernand angers most of the other gangsters who hoped to become the new Boss and during the movie, he escapes many murder attempts by people inside the organisation.'] ['Ervinka is a young man living in Tel Aviv of the 1960s. He does not believe in work, morality, law and order, and settling down. He ekes out a living as a petty con man by charging parking fees to a lot that doesn’t belong to him, stealing electricity from his neighbors, eating for free in family events he is not invited to, and extorting money from movie directors by revving up his moped engine near their film sets. He also finds ways to con the authorities, taking advantage of the stupidity, laziness, and inefficiency of bureaucrats . Ervinka even ingratiates himself with the local underworld by getting them out of trouble with the law over a robbery. His only dream is to win the lottery so he would not have to get by on his wits anymore. Ervinka’s carefree life becomes complicated when he falls in love with Ruti, a police officer. While she loves him, she is equally appalled by his way of life and is concerned that he is on a slippery slope to a life of crime. Tired of never winning the lottery, Ervinka devises a devilish con to rob the lottery offices in Tel Aviv. Under the guise of making a movie, he has his underworld friends try to crack the lottery safe open while all around him are spectators and even police officers, all under the impression that they are watching a film director at work. When the underworld has problems getting the safe to open, the police volunteers its own expert to help them so that filming could proceed as planned. Thanking them for their help, Ervinka and his friends leave with the money seconds before the authorities realize what is actually going on. With next week’s jackpot safely tucked in a bag behind his moped seat, Ervinka believes he has realized his dream, but his police officer girlfriend berates him and makes it clear she will not associate with a criminal. Ervinka returns the money to the General Manager of the lottery in an official ceremony just like the one he had always imagined himself receiving this money in.'] ['Sing  is a mainland China country boy who arrives in Hong Kong to visit his Uncle "Blackie Tat" . When Sing stays with his uncle and his friends in their apartment, Blackie soon learns of Sing\'s supernatural ability to see through objects and, later on, his ability to change playing cards by rubbing them. He takes advantage of this and turns Sing into the Dou Seng or the "Saint of Gamblers". After getting into a fight with several alleyway gamblers he meets the lovely Yee-Mong , a henchman for the "King of Gamblers", and becomes infatuated with her. Sing quickly becomes a rival to the King and must win his way through a world competition to prove his skill.'] ['The hero, a janitor played by Chaplin, is fired from work for accidentally knocking his bucket of water out the window and onto his boss the chief banker . Meanwhile, one of the junior managers  is being threatened with exposure by his bookie for gambling debts unpaid. Thus the manager decides to steal from the company. He is caught in the act of raiding the vault by the bank secretary  who rings the downstairs for help. Chaplin comes to the rescue only to be misjudged by the Chief Banker as the thief. The Secretary fingers the manager and Charlie receives a just reward and a handshake for foiling the robbery.'] ['Lucien Cordier  is an ineffectual local constable with a cheating wife and laughable job. He accepts condescension from his superiors and his wife with good humor, as his antisocial personality allows him to tolerate such abuse. However, he soon realizes that he can use his position to gain vengeance with impunity, and he starts to kill everyone who has regarded him as a fool.'] ['In London, a gang of criminals from Australia led by Jack Coombes  impersonate policemen to carry out robberies. Local gang leader "Pearly" Gates , who operates from the cover of a French couturier, finds his takings cut severely, and blames rival crook "Nervous" O\'Toole . When it emerges that they are both being scammed by the same gang, they join forces, along with Lionel Jeffries\' Police Inspector "Nosey" Parker, to bring the so-called "I.P.O. mob"  to justice. Nanette Newman provides the love interest, the ubiquitous John Le Mesurier plays a senior policeman, and a young Michael Caine has a small and uncredited role as a young PC. Other uncredited roles include John Junkin , Dennis Price , Cardew Robinson , Dick Emery , Mario Fabrizi , John Harvey , Harold Siddons , Jack Silk , Derek Guyler , Gerald Sim  and Marianne Stone .'] ['Toe  wants his rock band Pigpoke to go on tour. He raises funds for the tour by selling marijuana, eventually making leaving town a necessity in order to survive.{{cite news}}'] ['When three great, has-been actors meet at the funeral of a legendary Hollywood agent, their alcoholic reunion leads them to visit the Hollywood Sign. There they find the body of a man - leading them to uncover an in-progress scam for stealing millions from a Las Vegas casino - which originated as a movie plot written by one of the actors\' ex-girlfriends - who could not get her script produced. Desperate to make a come-back, the three risk their lives for production capital... by writing themselves into the "script."'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Annabelle Fritton being admitted to St Trinians by her aunt Camilla and her father Carnaby. She is terribly depressed, and after being knocked out of the way by a rush of girls, she meets head girl Kelly Jones who shows her around the school and introduces her to various cliques – Posh Totty, Chavs, Emos, Geeks, and First Years. At her bed, a booby trap pours gunge and drops feathers onto Annabelle, who attempts to clean up in the showers, but falls victim to another trap when the girls set up cameras directly connected to YouTube, steal her clothes and towels, and turn up the water temperature, forcing her to run through the halls naked. Once dressed, Annabelle phones and demands to be taken home. Carnaby, however, pretends to lose reception as he is enjoying his freedom without Annabelle. In frustration, Annabelle hits her mobile phone with a hockey stick across the hall and smashes a marble bust, smashing it into pieces. Miss Cleaver the Sports Teacher sees this and instantly drafts her into the school hockey team. Flash Harry pays a visit to the school to deal bootleg goods, and makes a deal with the girls for some lab-made vodka. A few days later, St Trinian hosts a hockey match against Annabelle\'s old school – their rivals Cheltenham Ladies\' College, captained by Verity Thwaites, the school bully; Annabelle was her favourite victim. The girls give a hostile and violent welcome to their visitors and the match ends in a brawl; the St Trinian\'s matron is the referee and does not know the rules, so the girls cheat excessively. Eventually, there is a tie and the final shot is left up to Annabelle, but is intimidated by Verity. Kelly takes her place and scores, knocking Verity out in the process. During the match, Education Minister and Verity\'s father Geoffrey Thwaites comes to the school. He is planning to force it to raise its very poor standards, and to use it as a warning for other schools. He is taken aback when introduced to the Headmistress, and it is revealed that not only do they know each other, but previously had a romantic relationship. Geoffrey sneaks into the school and discovers many horrors, including a girl trapped in a tank of formaldehyde in the art rooms and the illegal vodka, which is so strong that he instantly becomes tipsy after a slight taste. He accidentally knocks over a tank of biting ants, which crawl all over his shoes and up his trousers. Geoffrey is about to escape the school when he hears the Posh Totties coming in. He hides from them in their dressing room . Still in hiding Geoffrey tries to remove his trousers to prevent him from being bitten by the ants when his phone rings, causing the Posh Totty to discover him and throw him out the window into a fountain. Drenched and humiliated, he declares war on Miss Fritton and the school. Celebrating their win over Cheltenham, the St Trinian\'s girls have a wild party. The morning after the victory party a banker Steve Furst stops by to inform Miss Fritton that St Trinian\'s owes the bank over half a million pounds, and if they don\'t get the money in four weeks the school will be shut down. Kelly and the head of the Geeks, Polly, realise this and Kelly tells the girls they must earn the money or else they will have to go to normal schools. Some days later through electronic spy cameras, the girls and especially Annabelle witness Carnaby attempting to broker a business deal with Miss Fritton. Carnaby wants to sell the school, that way they can repay the debt and split the profits. She refuses, inquiring about Annabelle. Carnaby reveals his true feelings about Annabelle – he does not like her and is not sure if he is really her father. With the help of Flash Harry, the girls decide to use crime to get the money and hatch a plan to steal the famous Girl with a Pearl Earring (or as Chelsea puts it, "[[Girl with a Pearl Earring . They organize a school trip to the London National Art Gallery where it is being held, to scope out the scene. After seeing how difficult it is going to be, they give up, until the new English teacher Miss Dickinson casually mentions that the finals of the TV quiz show School Challenge competition are to be filmed in the grand hall of the gallery. As they make their plans, Thwaites decides to show the media exactly what St Trinian\'s is really like. However, the girls spot them and change around the classrooms until they are in perfect order. The only classroom that isn\'t changed is the one where preparations for the heist are taking place. As the press are about to enter, Annabelle manages to distract them by revealing that Verity, Thwaites\' daughter, was the school bully at her old school. Miss Fritton arrives down the stairs dressed as Queen Elizabeth I. In the midst of the conversation between them, Miss Fritton\'s dog once again tries to mate with Thwaites\' leg. Irritated, Geoffrey kicks him, sending him flying out the window before crashlanding in the lawnmower instantly killing him. In the middle of the night, Annabelle is woken up by the girls and as thanks for standing up for the school, is given a confidence-boosting makeover. Afterward when Kelly asks Annabelle how she feels, she replies "Like a St Trinian!" While still not fully accepted, she feels much stronger in herself. Annabelle tries to persuade Flash Harry to act as a prestigious gay German art dealer named Gerhardt von Struebel so that he can sell a false version of the painting to Carnaby. He feels unsure but Kelly persuades him to comply . The school team for School Challenge consists of the three Posh Totties, Chelsea, Peaches, and Chloe. They reach the final by cheating . During the final, Kelly, Chav Taylor, and emo Andrea foil the security for the painting that they\'re after and eventually retrieve it but on the way back the cable that they used to climb over the top of the audience of the final of School Challenge snaps just after Taylor and Andrea get over to the other side. Kelly gets stuck with no way to get to other side again. Miss Fritton sees that Kelly is trapped and goes to help, having to also distract Thwaites through a combination of liquor and seduction. Meanwhile, Annabelle takes care of Verity\'s threat to foil the girls\' escape route by shooting her walkie-talkie with her hockey stick at Verity knocking her out. At the same time of these events, the girls win School Challenge. They had been using earpieces in which other students were feeding the answers to them, but after they stopped working the English teacher told them to use their own initiative, which had surprisingly good results. The school successfully gets the painting and sells it to Carnaby who fails to realise until he buys it that it is not the genuine print which has been returned to the police under the cover of St Trinian\'s finding it, but a copy painted by Miss Fritton. He faints and Flash, dressed as Gerhardt to give him the art, races to the car that is waiting for him. They receive a reward of £50,000 for returning the real painting, which they supposedly found. With the cash from Carnaby they pay back the money owed to the bank and St Trinian\'s stays in business.'] ["Hera Pheri ended with the trio of Raju , Shyam , and Baburao Ganapatrao Apte  rich and rolling in money. Phir Hera Pheri tells the story of what happens after they become rich. The film opens with a prologue bringing the audience up to date, stating that each has suffered a loss as well as a gain. They all became rich, but Shyam lost Anuradha in an automobile accident, Raju's mother has died and Baburao--not really having much to lose in the first place--has lost all common sense. The three men are living large in a massive bungalow and splurging on various luxuries. Raju hears about an idea of doubling his wealth from a con woman Anuradha  claiming to be a bank manager and convinces Shyam and Baburao to go along with it. They also convince a goon on the street,Pappu  to contribute Rs. 20 lakh  so that they can come up with the minimum deposit of Rs. 1 crore in order to double their money. Raju also sells the bungalow to contribute to the Rs. 1 crore. They invest Rs. 1 crore . Three weeks later Raju, Shyam and Baburao find out that it was all a scam and become penniless. The goon is also in trouble because he had borrowed money from a dreaded gangster who suffers from a lisp, Tiwari , who will kill him if he doesn't pay up. Raju, Shyam and Baburao now have three days to come up with money to pay back the goon or else they will be killed. They have to leave their bunglow and live in a chawl owned by Anjali's  father. Then they steal drugs from their neighbor  who also stole drugs from another don . The drugs are worth about 3 crore . They think that they can sell them to Kachara Seth ([[Manoj Joshi  and pay off Tiwari and they would also become rich. But their neighbor once again steals the drugs from them. They run into Anuradha and she tells them that the entire scam was hatched by Kabeera  to get revenge on the trio, and that the only reason she went along with it was because they were holding her niece hostage . Their money was converted to diamonds to pay the ransom, but she fled them once she discovered her niece had escaped. In the end, all guys end up in a circus show to get hold of the diamonds. These are strewn all over the ground in public by a gorilla. Raju escapes with Pappu's cellphone and three big guns with him, which are worth crores of rupees and he does not know about it. So he tries to throw the guns into the river to get rid of the whole trouble. But fortunately for him, the guns get stuck somewhere. He tries to go down and throw them into the water. When Baburao and Shyam come to know about the worth of the gun from Pappu who is arrested, they call him on Pappu's phone. The film ends with Raju busy trying to reach for the guns with his phone ringing."] ["Thomas Kresk is a loser—he isn't good at his job, he's been tossed out of his home, and his wife just dumped him for the marriage counselor. Now he's depressed, and contemplating suicide. And yes, things get worse: a criminal named Avnet  has stolen three priceless coins, and decided to blackmail Bollingsworth , his billionaire partner in crime. After Kresk overhears this, he almost gets shot—and Avnet ends up impaled on a pair of barbers' scissors. Now Kresk is in a considerably nastier situation, so he steals the gun and the coins. But things take a sharp turn when he hires a hit man named Mikey , and discovers that the hit man is only seventeen and emotionally traumatized by his parents' suicide. And that Kresk is falling for the cop/Playboy model Sgt. Meredith Kolko , and that his nephew Scottie  has now swallowed the coins. Now Kresk is in over his head, and has to deal with the strange and sometimes dangerous people around him."] ["The introductory storyline involves hitmen Lee Woods and Dosmo Pizzo. The two kill Roy Foxx while he lies in bed after they inject Roy's ex-wife, Becky, with a tranquilizer. The day afterward, Woods turns on Pizzo, shooting him and blowing up their car in order to set him up as the fall guy. Woods flees the scene with his Norwegian girlfriend Helga. Dosmo survives, seeking shelter at the house of Allan Hopper, an abrasive art dealer who suffers from kidney stones. He takes Hopper and his much abused assistant, Susan Parish, hostage. He is completely unaware of the fact that Hopper has called his older sister, Audrey, over to the house for medical help. On the way over to her brother's house, Audrey, a nurse, picks up Teddy Peppers, a down and out TV producer contemplating suicide. Meanwhile, Becky awakens in horror when she discovers Roy's body in bed beside her. She runs from her house and flags down two vice detectives who happen to be driving through. Although he initially feels sympathetic, Wes Taylor begins to feel suspicious, wondering if Becky knows more than she is telling. Later it is revealed that Becky hired Woods and Dosmo to kill Roy for $30,000. Becky, who was unaware that Woods planned to kill Roy in her own house, stashed the payment in her house. The divergent paths of the characters cross, with deadly consequences, after Woods decides to go back to the house to get the money."] ["Dante  is a hapless man who drives a school bus for a special school. One night, he accidentally meets Maria , an attractive and wealthy woman from Palermo, Sicily with whom he immediately falls in love. Soon Dante is lured by Maria into unwittingly impersonating famous mobster Johnny Stecchino, Maria's husband, with whom he shares an uncanny resemblance. Meanwhile, the real Stecchino  is forced to hide in his home after having testified against several of the local Mafia leaders. Maria's plan is to have Dante mistaken for Johnny, publicly murdered by the Mafia, and buried in place of her husband, after which they can both escape to Argentina."] ['Arvid, a bank teller, is dumped by his girlfriend for being too boring and dull. Hoping to put some excitement in his life, Arvid helps stop a robbery at the bank. The wife of the would-be bank robber tracks Arvid down and tells him her husband was robbing the bank only so he could pay for medical treatments so they could have a child. The title is a reference to an axiom Arvid\'s brother tells him: "In China, they eat dogs"; which makes him realize that there is no such thing as moral absolutism, and that whether something is right or wrong depends on the situation. Because of his revelation, he comes to sympathize with the bank robber. Imagining he can help the couple and prove himself to be a dangerous outlaw all at once, Arvid plots a robbery of his own bank with the help of his brother Harald and some fellow wannabe criminals.'] ["A thief, Reese Halperin, and his accomplice, computer expert Norman Barrie, devise a scheme to break into a Vancouver bank. While carrying out the bank's blueprints, Reese is inadvertently photographed by Stacey Bishop, who is taking pictures for the bank's advertising campaign. Reese and Stacey meet, and, complicating the burglary somewhat, fall in love."] ['Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski returns home only to be roughed up by two thugs claiming to be collecting money that Lebowski\'s wife owes a man named Jackie Treehorn. After beating him and urinating on his rug, they realize they are looking for a different person with the same name, and they leave. The Dude discusses the situation with his bowling friends, the timid Donny  and the aggressive Walter . At the instigation of Walter, The Dude decides to seek compensation for the rug from the other Jeffrey Lebowski. The next day, the titular "Big" Lebowski, a wheelchair-bound millionaire, refuses The Dude\'s request. The Dude meets Bunny Lebowski , the Big Lebowski\'s nymphomaniac trophy wife, while leaving the premises with a rug taken from the mansion. Days later, the Big Lebowski contacts The Dude, revealing that Bunny has been kidnapped. He asks The Dude to act as a courier for the million-dollar ransom because The Dude will be able to confirm whether or not the kidnappers were the same thugs. Later, a different set of thugs enter The Dude\'s apartment, knock him unconscious, and steal his new rug. When Bunny\'s kidnappers call to arrange the ransom exchange, Walter tries to convince The Dude to keep the money and give the kidnappers a "ringer" suitcase filled with his dirty underwear. The kidnappers escape with the ringer, and The Dude and Walter are left with the million-dollar ransom. Later that night, The Dude\'s car is stolen, along with the briefcase filled with money. The Dude receives a message from the Big Lebowski\'s daughter, Maude, who admits to hiring the criminals who knocked him unconscious. The Dude visits her at her art studio, and she reveals that Bunny is a porn starlet working for Jackie Treehorn. She agrees with The Dude\'s suspicion that Bunny kidnapped herself and asks The Dude to recover the ransom, as it was illegally withdrawn by her father from a charity. The Big Lebowski angrily confronts The Dude over his failure to hand over the money, and hands The Dude an envelope sent to him by the kidnappers which contains a severed toe, presumably Bunny\'s. The Dude later receives a message that his car has been found. Mid-message, three German nihilists invade the Dude\'s apartment, identifying themselves as the kidnappers. They interrogate and threaten him for the ransom money. The Dude returns to Maude\'s studio, where she identifies the German nihilists as Bunny\'s friends. The Dude picks up his car from the police, but the briefcase with the ransom money is still missing. He and Walter track down the supposed thief, a teenager named Larry Sellers. Their confrontation with Larry is unsuccessful, and the Dude and Walter leave without getting any money or information. Jackie Treehorn\'s thugs return to The Dude\'s apartment to bring him to Treehorn\'s beach house in Malibu. Treehorn inquires about the whereabouts of Bunny, and the money, offering him a cut of any funds recovered. Treehorn then drugs The Dude\'s drink and The Dude passes out. After a surreal dream blending the themes of bowling, the Persian Gulf War, Maude’s “vaginal” art, and the nihilists, The Dude wakes up in a police car and is then placed in front of the police chief of Malibu. The police chief verbally and physically assaults The Dude and warns him not to return to Malibu. After a cab ride home, The Dude exits and a red sportscar zooms past. Bunny is driving, with all ten toes intact. The Dude is greeted by Maude Lebowski, who seduces him. During post-coital conversation with Maude, The Dude learns that she hopes to conceive a child with him but wants him to have no hand in the child\'s upbringing. He also finds out that, despite appearances, her father has no money of his own. Maude\'s late mother was the rich one, and she left her money exclusively to the family charity. In a flash, The Dude unravels the whole scheme: when the Big Lebowski heard that Bunny was kidnapped, he used it as a pretense for an embezzlement scheme, in which he withdrew the ransom money from the family charity to keep for himself. He gave an empty briefcase to The Dude , and was content to let the kidnappers kill Bunny. Meanwhile, it is now clear that the kidnapping was itself a ruse. While Bunny took an unannounced trip, the nihilists  alleged a kidnapping in order to get money from her husband. The Dude and Walter arrive at the Big Lebowski residence, finding Bunny back at home from her trip. They confront the Big Lebowski with their version of the events. The affair apparently over, The Dude and his bowling teammates are suddenly confronted by the nihilists, who have set The Dude\'s car on fire. They once again demand the million dollars. After hearing what The Dude and Walter know, the nihilists demand all the money in their pockets. Walter responds by throwing a bowling ball one nihilist\'s ribs, biting another\'s ear off, and knocking the final nihilist unconscious with their portable radio. However, in the aftermath, the Dude\'s timid bowling companion Donny has a heart attack and dies. Walter and The Dude go to a cliff overlooking a beach to scatter Donny\'s ashes. After an informal eulogy which Walter turns into a tribute to the Vietnam War and accidentally covers The Dude with Donny\'s ashes, Walter suggests, "Fuck it, Dude. Let\'s go bowling." The movie ends back at the bowling alley where "The Stranger" , a narrator seen sitting at the bar, speaks to the camera and hints to the audience that Maude may be pregnant with a "little Lebowski".'] ["Con-artist Marcus Pendleton has just been released from prison for embezzlement. He has emerged into a world increasingly reliant on computers. He convinces computer programmer Caesar Smith to follow his lifelong dream of hunting moths in the Amazon Rainforest. Assuming Caesar's identity, he gains employment; however, he uses the computer systems to send claim cheques to himself under various aliases and addresses all over Europe. He meets and marries Patty, an inept secretary and frustrated flautist. As Caesar, he now has the problem of hiding his hot money."] ["The story follows three pairs of characters, all of whom are fleeing an illegal Thai boxing match. The first characters shown are two restaurant workers. One persuades the other to take part in the boxing match, in place of an absent boxer. Although the bout was rigged to end in his defeat in the second round, he knocks his opponent out within seconds of the start. The pair are soon involved in a high-speech car chase with angered members of the yakuza. The second pair of characters are two young businessmen who choose to eat at the restaurant where the boxing match is takes place, unaware of its yakuza connections. They flee the after a police raid and are involved in a high-speed car-chase with a patrol car. The third pair of characters are in need of money to pay for damage they caused to a yakuza's expensive car. They attend the bout to steal the takings but one of them is shot and his friend drives him around in search of a hospital. The three cars containing the six main characters crash and the postscript shows them sometime later, apparently enjoying successful lives."] ["Webster McGee  is a computer programmer who abruptly quits his job and adopts a life of crime as a jewel thief in Houston, Texas. For his first job he robs rich businessman Henderling , stealing from him not only money, but also files with information that could destroy Henderling's career. McGee uses them to blackmail him but instead of money he asks for introduction into high society -- aiming to find a way to rob other rich houses. He soon meets Laura  at a society function hosted by Henderling. She falls in love with McGee and then helps him to burglarize several friends of Henderling. Insurance investigator Dave Reilly  is intent on identifying Webster as the jewel thief, but in the course of investigation Reilly and McGee develop a sort of friendship. Reilly must decide whether to be loyal to his job or his new friend."] ['The story is set in New York in the 1890s. A bawdy singer, Lady Lou , works in the Bowery barroom saloon of her boss and benefactor, Gus Jordan , who has given her many diamonds. But Lou is a lady with more men friends than anyone might imagine. What she does not know is that Gus trafficks in prostitution and runs a counterfeiting ring to help finance her expensive diamonds. He also sends young women to San Francisco to be pickpockets. Gus works with two other crooked entertainer-assistants, Russian Rita  and Rita\'s lover, the suave Sergei Stanieff . One of Gus\'s rivals and former "friend" of Lou\'s, named Dan Flynn ([[David_Landau_, spends most of the movie dropping hints to Lou that Gus is up to no good, promising to look after her once Gus is in jail. Lou leads him on, hinting at times that she will return to him, but eventually he loses patience and implies he\'ll see her jailed if she doesn\'t submit to him. A city mission  is located next door to the bar. Its young director, Captain Cummings , is in reality an undercover Federal agent working to infiltrate and expose the illegal activities in the bar. Gus suspects nothing; he worries only that Cummings will reform his bar and scare away his customers. Lou\'s former boyfriend, Chick Clark , is a vicious criminal who was convicted of robbery and sent to prison for trying to steal diamonds for her. In his absence, she becomes attracted to the handsome young psalm-singing reformer. Warned that Chick thinks she\'s betrayed him, she goes to the prison to try to reassure him. All the inmates greet her warmly and familiarly as she walks down the cellblock. Chick becomes angry and threatens to kill her if she double-crosses or two-times him before he gets out. She lies and claims she has been true to him. Gus gives counterfeit money to Rita and Sergei to spend. Chick escapes from jail, and police search for him in the bar. He comes into Lou\'s room and starts to strangle her, breaking off only because he still loves her and cannot harm her. Lou calms him down by promising that she will go with him when she finishes her next number. After Sergei gives Lou a diamond pin belonging to Rita, Rita starts a fight with Lou, who accidentally stabs her to death. Lou calmly combs the dead woman\'s long hair to hide the fact Rita is dead while the police search the room for Chick Clark. She has her bodyguard Spider , who "would do anything for you, Lou" dispose of Rita\'s body. She then tells Spider to bring Chick, who\'s hiding in an alley, back to her room upstairs. Then, while she sings "Frankie and Johnny", she silently signals to Dan Flynn that he should go to her room to wait for her, even though she knows Chick is in there with a gun. Chick shoots Dan dead and the gunfire draws a police raid. Cummings shows his badge and reveals himself as "The Hawk," a well-known Federal agent, as he arrests Gus and Sergei. Chick, still lurking in Lou\'s room, is about to kill Lou for double-crossing him, when Cummings also apprehends him. Cummings then takes Lou away in an open horse-drawn carriage instead of the paddywagon into which all the other criminals have been loaded. He tells her she doesn\'t belong in jail and removes all her other rings and slips a diamond engagement ring onto her marriage finger. "Where\'d you get that . . . dark and handsome?" Lou asks. "You bad girl", he scolds. "You\'ll find out", she coos.'] ["Television writer and director Elliott Nash  is being blackmailed by Dan Shelby over nude photographs of his wife Nell , taken when she was eighteen years old. Elliott does not inform Nell, the star of a Broadway musical, what is going on, but works feverishly to make enough money to pay off the ever-increasing demands. Finally, Elliott decides that murder is the only way out. He makes preparations, incorporating some advice from a friend, District Attorney Harlow Edison . When the blackmailer shows up at the Nashs' suburban home as arranged to collect his latest payment, Elliott shoots him, then hides the body in the cement foundation being poured for the antique gazebo his wife has bought. He has to keep Sam Thorpe , the contractor hired to install the structure, and Miss Chandler , the real estate agent trying to sell the Nashes' house, from stumbling across his scheme. Then, Harlow brings news that Shelby has been shot and killed ... in his hotel room, leaving Elliott wondering who he murdered. Nell's name is on a list of blackmail victims belonging to Shelby, so both she and Elliott are suspects.  They are cleared when the murder weapon is found to belong to Joe the Black, an associate of Shelby's. It is clear to Lieutenant Jenkins  that Joe decided not to split the money. Elliott is relieved to discover his victim was a criminal. However, there were two others in the gang. The Duke  and Louis the Louse  kidnap Nell and take her to her home. They followed Joe the Black to the Nash house, and know he did not come out. They want the briefcase  he was planning to disappear with. They eventually figure out that the body is in the gazebo's foundation, now crumbling due to unexpected rain. They find the briefcase and leave. When Elliott gets home, he unties his wife and confesses what he has done. While they are trying to figure out what to do next, Lieutenant Jenkins shows up with his prisoners, the Duke and Louis. From what they have told him, Jenkins is sure that Elliott is a murderer. Just as Elliott is about to confess, he sees that the bullet he fired missed Joe and ended up lodged in a book. A doctor confirms that Joe actually died of a preexisting heart problem, and Elliott's pet pigeon Herman flies off with the bullet, so there is no evidence to tie him to the death."] ['Criminal Herbert I. "Hi" McDunnough  and policewoman Edwina "Ed"  meet after she takes the mugshots of the recidivist. With continued visits, Hi learns that Ed\'s fiancé has left her. Hi proposes to her after his latest release from prison, and the two get married. They move into a desert mobile home, and Hi gets a job in a machine shop. They want to have children, but Ed discovers that she is infertile. Due to Hi\'s criminal record, they cannot adopt a child. The couple learns of the "Arizona Quints," sons of locally famous furniture magnate Nathan Arizona ; Hi and Ed kidnap one of the five babies, whom they believe to be Nathan Junior. Hi and Ed return home and are soon visited by Hi\'s prison buddies, Gale and Evelle Snoats (John Goodman and [[William Forsythe , who have just escaped from prison. Under the brothers\' influence, Hi is tempted to return to his felonious ways. Their problems get worse when Hi\'s supervisor, Glen , proposes wife swapping and Hi assaults him. That night, Hi decides to steal a package of diapers for the baby and flees on foot from the convenience store chased by police, gun-toting store cashiers, and a pack of dogs. Ed eventually picks him up, leading to a tense ride home. At the McDunnough residence the next day, Glen approaches Hi to fire him and reveal that he has deduced Junior\'s identity and blackmails Hi, threatening to turn him over to the police unless he and Dot get custody of Junior. Gale and Evelle overhear this conversation and turn on Hi, tying him up and taking Junior for themselves. Gale and Evelle leave with plans to rob a "hayseed" bank with Junior in tow. When Ed comes home, she frees Hi and the two arm themselves and set out to retrieve their child together. En route, Ed suggests that they should end their marriage after recovering the boy. Nathan Arizona Sr. is approached by the bounty hunter Leonard Smalls  who offers to find the child. Nathan Sr. declines the offer, believing that Smalls is his son\'s kidnapper. Smalls decides to recover the child anyway to sell on the black market. He begins tracking Gale and Evelle and learns of their bank robbery plans. Gale and Evelle rob the bank but forget to take Junior in the car on their getaway. One of the bank\'s anti-theft dye canisters explodes in their loot sack, disabling the car and incapacitating them. At the bank, Smalls arrives for Junior just ahead of Ed and Hi. Ed grabs the baby and flees; Hi is able to fend Smalls off for a while, but soon finds himself at Smalls\' mercy. As Smalls throws Hi to the ground and prepares to kill him, Hi holds up his hand to reveal that he has pulled the pin from one of the hand grenades on Smalls\' vest. Smalls struggles, but is blown to pieces by the grenade. Hi and Ed sneak Junior back into the Arizona home and are confronted by Nathan Sr. After Nathan Sr. learns why they took his son, he understands the couple\'s predicament and counsels the young couple. When Hi and Ed say that they are breaking up, he advises them to sleep on it. Hi and Ed go to sleep in the same bed, and Hi has a dream about Gale and Evelle reforming after returning to prison; Glen gets his due from a Polish-American police officer after "telling one Polack joke too many"; and Nathan Jr. gets a football for Christmas from "a kindly couple who wish to remain anonymous," later becoming a football star. The dream ends with an elderly couple together enjoying a holiday visit from a large family of children and grandchildren.'] ['Henry Holland  is a timid London bank clerk who has been in charge of gold bullion deliveries for over 20 years. He has a reputation for fussing over details and panicking about suspect cars following the bullion van, and appears to be a man dedicated to his job and the gold\'s security. But, in fact, he has hatched the "perfect" plot to steal a load of bullion and retire. The one thing that has prevented this plan from being put into operation is that selling the gold on the black market in Britain would be too risky, and Holland is at a loss as to how to smuggle it abroad. One evening a new lodger &mdash; artist Alfred Pendlebury  &mdash; arrives at the boarding house where Holland lives in Lavender Hill. Pendlebury owns a foundry that makes presents and souvenirs that are sold in many resorts, including foreign ones. Noticing how similar the foundry is to the place where the gold is made into ingots, Holland decides that the ideal way of smuggling the gold out of the country would be as Eiffel Tower paperweights sold in Paris, and puts this hypothetically to his new friend: "By Jove, Holland, it\'s a good job we\'re both honest men." "It is indeed, Pendlebury." When Holland suddenly finds that he is about to be transferred to another department at the bank, he and Pendlebury quickly move into action. They recruit two petty crooks, Lackery Wood  and Shorty Fisher , to help them carry out the robbery. The plan is simple but clever, and it succeeds: Wood and Fisher carry out the hijack of the bullion van and switch the gold to Pendlebury\'s works van. Holland, who is supposedly assaulted and almost drowned in the robbery, becomes the hero of the hour. The police find themselves running around in circles, unable to track down the "master criminal" who is in fact right under their noses giving them false statements and misleading clues. Meanwhile, Holland and his associates melt the gold in Pendlebury\'s foundry and export it to France disguised as miniature Eiffel Towers. The plan goes wrong when the woman who runs the Eiffel Tower souvenir kiosk misunderstands what she is supposed to do, and instead of holding back the specially-marked box of Eiffel Towers, opens it and puts the souvenirs out for sale. Pendlebury and Holland, who have adopted the names of "Al" and "Dutch", arrive to retrieve their disguised bullion only to find that six of the towers have been sold to a party of British schoolgirls. A wild chase back to the Channel ferry follows but all sorts of hold-ups, including problems with the customs men, prevent them from getting to the ship and the girls in time. If just one of those towers is found to be gold then the game is up. Pendlebury and Holland therefore track down the schoolgirls and, in exchange for a similar tower and ten shillings, recover most of the loot. One girl however refuses to return hers since she intends to give it to a friend who is a policeman. The girl delivers the souvenir to the officer, who is at an exhibition of police history and methods at Hendon Police College. Also attending is a police inspector who is investigating the robbery. As part of the case he checked up on Pendlebury\'s foundry and was told that many souvenirs bought in foreign places are actually made in England. A sudden thought occurs to him and he orders the souvenir to be tested. At that moment Pendlebury snatches it and he and Holland make their escape in a police car. A confused pursuit then takes place through London, with Holland using the radio in the police car to give false descriptions of the vehicle in which the crooks are riding. Eventually, though, an officer succeeds in getting into their car and arresting Pendlebury. Holland escapes to Rio de Janeiro with the six gold towers, worth "twenty-five thousand pounds, enough to keep me for one year in the style to which I was, ah, unaccustomed." After the money is mostly gone, he is telling his story to a British visitor before they both leave the restaurant, handcuffed to one another; Holland has been found and arrested and is due for extradition back to the UK.'] ["Lou Peckinpaugh , a bumbling San Francisco private detective, tries to prove himself innocent of his partner's murder while helping a bizarre array of characters recover a lost treasure. The film spoofs Casablanca, Maltese Falcon, Chinatown, A Streetcar Named Desire and To Have and Have Not.{{cite web}}"] ['Generally, the film is a dark and quirky "tragicomedy" concerning an "everyman" protagonist a fairly pleasant but rather innocuous, ordinary and uneventful life. But all of this gets derailed, and Frank\'s life descends into an increasingly complex mess, from the minute a beautiful and seductive new patient named Susan Ivey  comes to him, seeking a root canal and a little pain relief... On Susan\'s initial office visit, Frank schedules her for a root canal the very next day, and offers her some Ibuprofen to address her pain in the meanwhile. Claiming that she is allergic to the offered medication, Susan requests a prescription for the addictive pain-killer Demerol. Frank provides the prescription, but only for five tablets. However, Susan changes the dosage from five tablets to fifty when she collects the medication from her pharmacist. Susan arrives for her appointment twelve hours late, having mistaken the time. She seduces Frank, talking him into getting drunk and having sex with her. During the night, Susan steals all of Frank\'s narcotics. The next day, there is a DEA  agent at Frank\'s office demanding to see the dentist\'s narcotics supply, because an 18 year old has driven a car off a cliff under the influence of cocaine hydrochloride from a bottle registered to the dentist. Knowing that Susan has stolen his entire drug supply, Frank puts the agent off, saying he\' dispensed it all to patients. The agent leaves with the promise that if Frank fails to produce the empty containers in two days, the DEA will place him under arrest. That night Frank goes to Susan\'s hotel room to demand the empty containers, threatening that he\'ll call the police if she doesn\'t provide them. Once again, she overrides his initial intentions and seduces him - with the result that they have sex and he spends the night with her. The next day at his office, Frank is confronted by Susan\'s brother, Duane Ivey  having a violent scene, saying: "Stay the hell away from my sister" and "I don\'t appreciate your threats". Duane ends the conversation with, "I don\'t ever want to see you again, because if I do, goddamn it, I\'m gonna hurt you." That night, Frank returns to Susan\'s hotel room and, assuming that Susan is the form he sees the bed, starts talking to her. The person under the blanket turns out to be not Susan but brother Duane, who leaps up and attacks Frank, attempting to strangle him. Frank takes scissors from a nearby desk and stabs Duane in the hand, impaling him and embedding the scissors. Frank flees, stopping off at a bar to calm down. On arriving at home, just minutes ahead of Jean, he finds Duane dead on the floor. Police arrive on the scene to question Frank. Comically adding to Frank\'s distress and anxiety is actor Lance Phelps , a hack actor doing research for a role, and permitted by the police to question Frank at aggressive levels that cause Frank heightened discomfort. After the police arrive and depart, Frank tells Jean about the whole ordeal. A while later, Frank is arrested for the murder of Duane Ivey based on finding Frank\'s teeth marks on the body - that Jean put there after she herself killed Duane. After Frank breaks free, all of Chicago is on the look out for him. He goes to his office in the night, only to find his brother Harlan lying dead; Jean has killed Harlan, upon finding him lying on Frank\'s dentist chair. Realizing he\'ll never be free without starting over, Frank pulls out all of his dead brother\'s teeth, as well as all of his own. Frank uses his dental skills to place his own teeth into his dead brother\'s skull, and then sets fire to the dental office with Harlan\'s corpse, replete with replaced teeth, left inside. Frank and Susan, now lovers, escape to France, where they live happily ever after in a little cottage on the countryside. Meanwhile, identification of Frank\'s teeth in the charred corpse\'s remains in Frank\'s torched office is taken as proof that Frank is the man who was shot and killed there. And, as the fireproof security camera retrieved from the office ashes contains tape showing Jean shooting and killing a man  reclining in Frank\'s dental chair, Jean is convicted of Frank\'s murder and goes to prison.'] ['Peter Sanderson  is a workaholic tax attorney corresponding with an online friend known only as "lawyer-girl". On their first blind date, Peter learns that "lawyer-girl" is Charlene Morton , a wrongfully convicted bank robber claiming her innocence who wants Peter\'s help in getting the charges dropped. Peter also must deal with Virginia Arness , an eccentric English billionaire, to bring her business to his firm, as well as competitive colleagues and bosses. His neighbor, Mrs. Kline , who happens to be a sister of one of the senior partners, is a nosy bigot. Peter attempts to juggle these issues as well as reconcile with his ex-wife  and children .'] ['Jonny  is working as a courier and becoming increasingly dissatisfied with his life. He asks long-running school friend Jude  to help him into the North London criminal gang run by his uncle Ray . As Jonny gets more involved in the image of the criminal world, he starts making mistakes and through a mutual dislike for rival gangster Matthew  inadvertently starts a war with the South London mob, headed up by Sean .'] ["Ted Higgins  and Tommy Hinchcliffe  work for the Speedy Service Window Washing Company. They run into a bookie named Nick Craig , who, after mistaking them for employees of the Speedy Messenger Service, sends them to Mr. Stewart's  office to collect $50,000 owed to him. But Stewart has plans of his own: he hires two thugs to rob Ted and Tommy of the money he has just paid. Tommy flees from the robbers and takes refuge in a room with a gaggle of women who are mailing face powder samples. He hides the money in an envelope and addresses it to Craig, but it is accidentally switched with an envelope containing a powder sample. Ted and Tommy return to Craig's office and explain what happened; they assure him that the cash will arrive in the mail the next day. When face powder  arrives in the mail, an irate Craig gives Ted and Tommy 24 hours to return his money. The boys attempt to contact everyone on the mailing list until they finally locate the recipient, Carol , who informs them that she spent most of the money and has only about $2,000 left. The three of them go to the race track hoping to gamble the remaining cash to win enough money to pay back Craig. They encounter a strange fellow named Julius Caesar , who claims to have never lost a bet. They refuse to follow his betting advice, only to see his horse win, and they are left with nothing. Ted, abandoning hope, decides that they would be safest in jail, so they run up a huge tab in a nightclub. Just as they are about to be arrested, Craig and his henchmen show up and demand the money. After Ted and Tommy reply that they do not have it, the thugs take them to a nearby construction warehouse and begin pouring cement in which to dump them. Meanwhile, Carol and Caesar have been sitting at the bar, betting large amounts on fish at the club's aquarium. Caesar loses and hands her the $50,000 that she has just won, to her amazement. It turns out Caesar is actually an eccentric millionaire named J.C. MacBride, and they all arrive at the warehouse in time to pay back Craig."] ['Chi-sung, a gangster, is sent to prison for seven years after stabbing a man on orders from his boss. But his boss betrays him and tries to have him killed, though the attempt is unsuccessful and Chi-sung manages to escape. His childhood friend Joo-joong is given the task of tracking him down, forcing him to choose between his friendship and loyalty to his gang.'] ["The film is set in 1997, with China's recovery of Hong Kong being mentioned in the background. The place is a small provincial town, dirty and poor. Xiao Wu is one of a group of pickpockets, most of whom have moved on to become small traders and legal or semi-legal. One of them, formerly a close friend, is getting married and decides not to invite Xiao Wu, a reminder of the past. He drifts around, discontent with this, but makes no effort to change. He acquires a girlfriend, a prostitute who takes a liking to him, but she drops him when she gets some better prospect. He visits his poor-peasant family but ends up quarrelling with his parents and saying he won't ever come back. Finally he gets arrested and we last see him handcuffed in the middle of the street with a disapproving crowd watching him. There is a big crack-down on crime, something mentioned at the start of the film, so his fate is likely to be harsh."] ["Nicky Wilson  and Oscar Sullivan  are inept 1920's scam artists who see pay dirt in the guise of Fredericka Quintessa Bigard , the millionaire heiress to a sanitary napkin fortune. She is in love with the already married Nicky, but because the Mann Act prohibits him from taking her across state lines and then engaging in immoral relations, he proposes she marry Oscar and then carry on an affair with the man she really wants. Oscar, who is wanted for embezzlement and anxious to get out of town, is happy to comply with the plan, although he intends to claim his spousal privileges after they are wed. Once they reach Los Angeles, the two men try everything they can to separate Freddie from her inheritance, without success but with enough determination to arouse her suspicions. When she announces she plans to donate all her money to charity, Nicky and Oscar panic and come to the conclusion murder might be their only recourse if they're going to achieve their goal."] ["When a precious jade stone is discovered in an old outhouse, the owner of said outhouse and the surrounding buildings suddenly finds himself with the financial clout to withstand the buy-out pressure of an unethical developer who wishes to build a large building on his plot. The owner, intending to display the stone to the public, puts his dedicated chief of security in charge of keeping it safe. But with the stakes running high, this is easier said than done. The developer hires a high-tech cat burglar from Hong Kong to steal the stone, the owner's wayward son sees the jewel as the perfect symbol of wealth and hatches a plan to use it to increase his chances at getting laid, and a gang of three con-men who hear about the jewel see it as their ticket to the big time. These three groups find themselves in direct competition and, finding their attempts foiled as often by the security guard as by each other, become more and more desperate as the film progresses."] ["Dylan  and Jez  are two orphans who meet in their twenties and vow to achieve their shared childhood dream of living in a stately home. In pursuit of this dream they spend their days living in a disused gas holder, spending as little money as possible and conning the upper classes out of their riches. During one of their biggest cons, their lives are touched by Georgie , who needs money to save the Down's syndrome foundation that her brother attends. When a con goes wrong, the two find themselves in gaol to be released only after their entire fortune is rendered useless because of a recall of £50 notes. It is down to an elaborate plan involving Dylan, Jez and  Georgie, to break them out of gaol in order to save their dream. The film, in essence, is part Ealing comedy, part underdog farce with a sequence of madcap adventures set against a striking soundtrack by contemporary Britpop artists. Unlike straight rom-coms or mainstream comedies of the period Shooting Fish contained a generous blending of fact and fantasy ."] ['The film\'s first scene shows Mona Dearly  leaving her home and trying in vain to unlock her car. Her keys fit her son\'s car, so she takes that and drives off. In a bend, the brakes fail completely and she drives off a cliff into the Hudson River. This is observed by Clarence, who is fishing there. Chief Wyatt Rash  later observes that there are no skid marks on the road. Neither her husband Phil  nor Jeff  seem upset when they hear about Mona\'s death and they are not the only ones. Ellie  even wants to celebrate, because she feels the Dearlys have always treated Bobby  very badly. JB Landscaping is not doing well because of Jeff\'s laziness and lack of right hand and because Bobby is not very competent either. Bobby denies that he still wants to fire Jeff and that he has a problem with the Dearlys. Phil and Rona , who have an affair, meet at the Charm Motel. Phil expresses his happiness about Mona\'s death but denies involvement. Bobby meets Murph, his older brother, and denies that he has had a hand in Mona\'s death. Bobby owes his brother a lot of money, but it is suggested that he is often taken advantage of by him. Wyatt\'s investigation takes him to Jeff, who claims that Bobby threatened and attacked Mona. Lucinda, the local mechanic specializing in the Yugo  informs Wyatt that Mona\'s car  had been tampered with in multiple ways. Phil tells Wyatt that he was a battered husband, Mona having hit him after having accused him of having an affair. He also claims that Jeff and Mona had had an argument on the evening before the accident. Bobby tells Wyatt that he hated Mona and that they had had an argument over Jeff\'s pay. Mona would not let him dissolve the partnership. Phil and Jeff leave Mona\'s wake very early. Meanwhile, Wyatt breaks into the Dearly\'s and finds out that Mona\'s and Jeff\'s car keys have been switched. Phil expresses his gratitude to Bobby for killing Mona. Bobby then confesses to Ellie that he rigged Jeff\'s car, because Jeff was destroying their business. Ellie then announces that she is pregnant. This conversation is overheard by Clarence. Phil now tells Wyatt that he spotted Bobby near the Dearly residence on the night prior to the accident, claiming that he did not say this earlier because Wyatt and Bobby are soon to be family. Jeff, who it turns out is also involved with Rona, finds out about Phil\'s affair with her. Phil later spots them making love. Bobby tells Wyatt that Mona threatened him, not the other way around, and that he was in the Hideaway the evening before the accident, which as Valerie tells Wyatt is not true. Murph later tries to cover Bobby on this. Valerie also gives him a sharp gardening tool with the letters "JB" on it. Phil is discovered dead in a pond at the Charm Motel. Murph tells this to Ellie, who fears that Bobby, who left their house that night, has killed again. When Rona finds out, she tries to leave town. A flashback shows Jeff not helping Phil when he fell into the water after Phil threatened Jeff that he was going to expose him, Rona, and Bobby. The police learn that Jeff is threatening suicide because of Rona\'s leaving. Jeff also states that Phil was not his real father and that Mona chopped off his right hand when they fought over a bottle of beer, but that in spite of all this he did not kill either of them. Wyatt manages to take the gun away from Jeff. Wyatt then tells Bobby in private that Clarence confessed killing Phil, because he could not stand the idea of Bobby going to jail, especially with the baby on the way. A flashback shows how Phil, having spotted Bobby rig the car, tampers with it some more, which is observed by Clarence, and then, inside the house, switches the keys.  It must be emphasized that because of the use of flashbacks this may not be what really happened. Wyatt promises Bobby to keep quiet about Bobby\'s involvement as long as he takes good care of Ellie and the baby. In the final scene, Bobby and Ellie get married and Clarence gets taken away.'] ["The film is told primarily in flashback, as the film first follows a hitman, Critical Jim , who follows and holds at gunpoint a man he believes is Cletis Tout - but who actually is Finch . Because Critical Jim is so fond of film noir and other classic films (such as Casablanca and [[Breakfast at Tiffany's , he's willing to listen to Finch as he tells his story, imagining it as a film in progress. Finch obliges, explaining how he got to be mistaken for Cletis Tout. Finch happened to be in the same jail with Micah , who stole diamonds more than 20 years before, then hid the diamonds and soon landed in prison. With Finch's help, Micah manages to break out, and the two get new identities for themselves, courtesy of a coroner  who owes Finch a favor. The problem is that Finch's new identity is that of Cletis Tout, a photojournalist who managed to get a mafia figure's son strangling a woman on film. The head of the mafia gets his men to kill Tout , but when Finch goes to Cletis' apartment to look for his passport, a neighbor calls the police, who inform the mafia head that Cletis Tout is still alive. After Micah meets up with his now grown-up daughter, Tess , he's accidentally shot by the men sent to kill Cletis. Just before dying, Micah gets Finch to promise to watch after his daughter, and thus Tess and Finch begin an uneasy relationship as they look for the diamonds. Meanwhile, the mafia head decides to bring in a professional, and subsequently calls in Critical Jim to finish the job. However, Critical Jim is more interested in where Finch's story will end - specifically, if he'll be able to reconcile with Tess in the end, giving the story a perfect Hollywood ending."] ["The film begins with gangster Dickie  pushing his broken-down car through rising seawater while his companion Albie  lies inside, bleeding from a gunshot wound after a bungled robbery. Cut off by the unexpected rising tide, they are on the only road to a bleak and remote tidal island where, in a dark castle on a hilltop, the effeminate and neurotic George  lives with his luscious young wife Teresa . Dickie then proceeds to hold the two hostage while awaiting rescue by his boss, the mysterious Katelbach, even throughout an unexpected visit from one of George's old work colleagues."] ['"Big" Jim Stevens, undisputed boss of the Chicago underworld, gets an unexpected birthday present from his ambitious lieutenant, Guy Gisborne. Instead of a stripper popping out of the cake, Big Jim gets shot by all the guests. With the mob boss out of the way, Gisborne takes over. He orders all the other gangsters in town to pay him protection money, but declares it\'s still "All for One." The news does not sit well with Big Jim\'s friend and fellow gangster, Robbo, and a gangland war breaks out. Robbo recruits pool hustler Little John, who demonstrates his pool skills while singing "A Man Who Loves His Mother," plus quick-draw artist Will and a few other hoods, but they are still greatly outnumbered. In addition, the corrupt Sheriff Octavius Glick is on Gisborne\'s payroll. Gisborne and Robbo come up with the same idea, to destroy the other\'s gambling joint on the same night, with Will enjoying every moment . Big Jim\'s refined, well-educated daughter, Marian, shows up. She asks Robbo to avenge her father\'s death , a request which Robbo flatly refuses. Gisborne disposes of the sheriff. Marian then invites Robbo to dinner and gives him $50,000, thinking that Robbo did as she had asked. Robbo refuses the money, but Marian attempts to seduce him into joining forces to take over the whole town. Robbo turns her down. When she sends the money to his under-repair gambling club, Robbo donates it to a boys\' orphanage. Alan A. Dale, the orphanage\'s director, notifies the newspapers about this good deed. A new Chicago star is born: a gangster who robs from the rich and gives to the poor. Robbo finds it useful to have the public on his side. He invites the delighted Dale to join his gang, having him handle all the charities. Dale starts the Robbo Foundation and opens a string of soup kitchens, free clinics and orphan shelters. He even gives green, feathered hats and bows and arrows to the orphans, while thoroughly milking the Robin Hood image. In the meantime, Robbo and Little John teach Dale a little about "Style." Robbo\'s joint re-opens and it is a hit. Gisborne, whose place is now empty, is infuriated. He and the new sheriff, Potts, organize a police raid. Robbo has anticipated this; when a few switches are pulled, the entire club is disguized as a mission. The sheriff and Gisborne burst in to find Robbo\'s gang singing gospel songs and preaching the sins of alcohol, complete with hymnals and tambourines . Robbo is framed for Glick\'s murder. At the trial, Gisborne and Potts claim that Robbo planned the whole thing. Dale tries to teach the despondent orphans to view this as a lesson . The jury finds Robbo innocent. He thanks them . When he returns to his club, Robbo finds every one of his charities is now a front for counterfeiting. The soup kitchen smuggles fake bills in soup cans over state lines. Robbo also finds Little John living it up in Marian\'s mansion. Marian is willing to keep Robbo as a front, as long as she is in charge. Robbo shows his contempt for her and leaves. Little John decides to go with him. Marian finds another willing partner in Gisborne. However, the gangster is not a match for Robbo and ends up dead. Robbo tells a shocked Marian to clear out of town. She instead turns public opinion against him, starting a Women\'s League for Better Government and framing Robbo for the counterfeiting ring that she and Little John started. Unable to fight an angry mob of women, Robbo and his gang flee. Robbo and his merry men are reduced to working as Santa Clauses to solicit charitable donations. They watch dumbfounded as Marian steps out of a car with her latest partner, Alan A. Dale. He casually gives them money before going off with Marian.'] ['Terry Benedict  rounds up the original eleven members of Danny Ocean\'s  gang, demanding they return the $160&nbsp;million they stole from his casinos with $38&nbsp;million in interest. Short by half, the group schemes to stage another heist in Europe to avoid problems with United States authorities. They are tipped off by an informant named Matsui  about the location of the first stock certificate ever, issued in 1602, which was for the Dutch East India Company, owned by an agoraphobe  and kept in his private home in Amsterdam. While the certificate would not meet their debt, it would help extend their deadline and secure another job by Matsui that will be enough to pay the debt. After a complex series of schemes, including raising the house a few inches to achieve a necessary line-of-sight, they find the document has already been stolen by "The Night Fox", another master thief. After the failed attempt, Europol Detective Isabel Lahiri  is called to investigate the theft and realizes Danny\'s gang attempted the heist based on her previous relationship with Rusty  as well as the Night Fox\'s involvement. She surprises the group at their lodgings, and warns them they cannot beat the Night Fox or his mentor LeMarc , both of whom she has been trailing for years. Danny and his gang discover the Night Fox is Baron François Toulour , a wealthy businessman who has a mansion on Lake Como. Toulour invites Danny to his mansion and reveals that he had hired Matsui to inform the gang about the certificate in order to arrange the meeting with Danny. Toulour is upset that LeMarc did not describe him as the best thief in the world, and challenges Danny to steal the Coronation Egg. If Danny and his gang wins, Toulour will pay off the debt to Benedict. Danny and his gang begin to plan an elaborate heist to swap the Egg for a holographic recreation, but the engineer hired by the group accidentally tips off Lahiri to their presence, and she captures most of The Twelve on their first attempt. Linus  comes up with a second plan to have Danny\'s wife Tess  pose as a pregnant Julia Roberts in order to get close to The Egg and swap it. They are foiled by Lahiri, and the rest of the group are captured. While Lahiri prepares her case against Danny\'s team, they are extradited by the FBI, aided by Lahiri having forged documents to allow her own involvement in the bust; the lead agent is in fact Linus\'s mother . Some time later, Danny and Tess return to Toulour\'s estate where he reveals his glee at their failure. Toulour claims to have stolen the Egg at night using his agility and Capoeira skills to evade the heavy security. Toulour\'s celebration is short-lived when Danny reveals that his group stole the Egg while it was in transit to the museum and Toulour realises they were tipped off by LeMarc. A flashback reveals that Danny and Rusty had met with LeMarc much earlier where he revealed his long con whose success would humiliate Toulour, bring him the Egg that he had stolen years ago and relinquished due to his wife\'s wishes, and eventually reunite him with his daughter. Toulour is forced to admit Danny won the bet and gives him the money for the debt. They pay back Benedict and promise not to perform any more heists in his casinos but Toulour keeps the group under watch . With Rusty\'s help, Lahiri is taken to a safe house lent to him by LeMarc, who reveals himself to be her father. The final scenes of the film, in which the primary characters enjoy a private poker session, imply that she and Rusty have re-kindled their relationship.'] ['The story is a variation of the mistaken identity and impersonation theme made popular by The Prisoner of Zenda and other works. In this film, Wilder plays a former mental patient who is released from hospital but is mistaken for his doppelgänger, who happens to be a millionaire. Pryor plays a con man who tries to keep Wilder out of trouble, while taking advantage of the mistaken identity.'] ['Kevin Caffrey, a thief and connoisseur is at a local auction looking for things worth stealing. He meets Amber Belhaven who is auctioning off her father\'s painting to pay a hotel bill. When Kevin asks Amber about her hotel room which leads to Amber asking if he was trying to sleep with her, Kevin blinks rapidly and lies while also telling her that when he blinks he lies. When Kevin asks Amber if he could see her sometime Amber pretends to have the same thing Kevin has and says yes. While knowing what hotel she was staying in, he shows up to her room with the painting she auctioned off, having stolen it. Kevin tells Amber about his stealing business which shocks Amber at first but she accepts it in order to be with Kevin, and she later gives Kevin her father\'s lucky ring. Elsewhere, Max Fairbanks, a snarky businessman who\'s company, TUI, is going into bankruptcy, is going over with his lawyer Walter Greenbaum on how to save his company. He tells his wife Lutetia Fairbanks that his company is in a technical procedure to disguise what his company is really going into. Kevin goes to a local bar in which his Uncle Jack owns to see Amber. Whilst inside he also runs into his friend Berger, who is also a thief and happens to know what places to hit. While having Kevin going outside to tell him about Max Fairbanks, he shows him an article about Max\'s current situation with his company, as well as what he couldn\'t access due to the critical condition of the chapter 11 bankruptcy code which includes going into his Beachfront mansion. Kevin & Berger goes to the house to rob it, but Max captures Kevin. Before the cops take Kevin away, Max spots Amber\'s ring and tells the cops that the ring was also stolen. Kevin is forced to hand over the ring. After escaping from the cops, Kevin returns to the beach house to get his ring back from Max but fails to find him. Kevin, angry at Max finishes off what he started by robbing Max of the valuables inside the house and one of Max\'s three cars outside. Kevin tells Amber that the ring was stolen from him. Kevin and Berger hire Shelly Nix, a computer hacker, to track Max\'s whereabouts by e-mails. During an airplane flight, Max talks to his associate Gloria, a psychic, about the ring. Gloria consults her cards, and draws a king with 5 daggers on his head. Shocked at the result, Gloria doesn\'t tell Max what she drew and pretends that she breaking up. Max meets a judge that he thought he paid off to keep his house, but his insults lead to the judge ordering him to sell his house & his contents at a public auction. Upon knowing Max\'s plan to go to a cocktail party and then head to his beachhouse for one final visit, Kevin and Berger with the help of his partners Windham and Edwina rob Max\'s house. The next morning Max found out that his house have been robbed and meets with Detective Alex Tardio of the Robbery Division. Having enough of Kevin stealing from him, he calls his Head of Security, Earl Redburn. Kevin finds out from Shelly that Max is going to Washington for a Senate hearing and has an apartment there. Kevin and Berger go to Washington to Max\'s apartment. There, Kevin learns that Max intends to secretly bribe the senators, and replaces the bribe money with insulting notes in Max\'s name. Max and Earl later storm into the apartment, having deduced Kevin\'s presence there. In the ensuing scuffle, Kevin tries to steal back the ring, but instead steals Max\'s wedding ring. Amber decides that Kevin\'s feud with Max has gone too far and no longer cares about the ring. While Max later addresses the Senate Committee he gets a call from Kevin who tells him that if Max will give him his ring back he will give him back his. Max refuses and proceeds to repeatedly curse at Kevin. To the senators, and other viewers, it appears he is speaking to them, with the result being that the hearing ends very badly for Max. While going back to his apartment back in Philadelphia, Walter quits being his Lawyer and Earl tells him that he was hacked, Max tells Earl his plan to get Kevin once and for all. Kevin goes to Jack to find out where Amber is, Jack tells Kevin to stop robbing Max out of personal conflict and to forget about the ring. But when Berger tells Kevin about Max\'s bankruptcy auction and for how much his auction full of valuables is worth, Jack wants in on it too. Max gets a call from Lutetia about Max\'s behavior on TV, and tells him not to come home, while Amber breaks up with Kevin due to his obsession with Max and the ring. Lutetia finds Amber at Jack\'s bar wearing a jacket of hers that Kevin stole from their house and confronts her, Amber tells her that Max stole the ring she gave to Kevin. Knowing that they now have the same situation, they come up with a plan. Gloria, who is thinking about Max still draws the same card and decides to come clean. Noticing how bad it is, she tells him to put an end to it but Max still refuses to give up Kevin\'s ring. Realizing Max\'s arrogant determination to keep the ring, she quits being his associate, and goes to Tardio to give him Max\'s Company\'s records. At the bankruptcy auction, Lutetia tells Max that she wishes him well and sends him a masseuse. While Earl keeps looking out for Kevin through his monitors, Berger, Jack, Windham, and Edwina start the plan. Edwina and Windham are disguised as waiters, Berger is disguised as the auctioneer while Jack is his associate, and Shelly hacks into Max\'s security system. The crooks steal as much as they can, and later flee. Windham plants smoke bombs to cloud their escape and calls the fire brigade. At 2:00 Shelly plants a video of Kevin delivering a message to Max that he was being robbed without him being there on Earl\'s monitors. Max, angry and enraged goes out into the smoke to find Kevin, but a firefighter, actually Kevin in disguise, drags him out of the smoke, stealing the ring in the process. Kevin steals Max\'s boat to escape, but Max jumps onto the boat and struggles with Kevin to get back the ring. While hitting a buoy causing the boat to sink, Kevin and Max find out that the ring is a fake, the ring having an inscription inside it that said: "Grow up." a message that they both got from their lovers. Max realises that Lutetia had got the masseuse to steal the ring during his massage. When Tardio finds Max and Kevin, Kevin tells Tardio that he was saving Max, while Max tells Tardio that he never met Kevin. Kevin thanks Max and tells him that he owes him one. While going back to the hotel where Amber used to be before she moved in with Kevin, she shows him the ring revealing that she was the masseuse. She tells Kevin that the ring had bad luck and that he should throw it away. Kevin agrees and flings the ring out of sight and gets back together with Amber. Max and Kevin, who is pretending to be his lawyer, fixes the Senate hearing and went into the press conference victorious. When it is over Max and Kevin part ways, but as they do so, Kevin steals Max\'s watch.'] ["Con man Eli Kotch  charms his way into a parole by playing on the emotions of a pretty psychologist , but drops her at the first opportunity to move around the country, romancing women and then stealing their possessions, or those of their employers. He's made a down payment on the blueprints to a bank at Los Angeles International Airport, but needs to raise $45,000 to complete the purchase. In Boston, he seduces and marries Inger Knudsen  the secretary of a wealthy elderly woman. Eli sends her to L.A. to set up housekeeping, on the pretext that a songwriter there is interested in his poetry. Meanwhile, he burgles another woman  to get the final amount of money he needs. Eli heads to L.A., where he begins to assemble his gang  for the bank robbery, which is timed to take place while the airport is distracted by the arrival of the Premier of the Soviet Union. To keep her occupied, Eli sends Inger to take Polaroid snapshots around L.A., supposedly for a magazine article he is writing. Using costumes stolen from a movie studio, he and one of the gang masquerade as an Australian policeman escorting an extradited prisoner in order to get through airport security, while the other two dress as LAPD policemen to get into the bank, bypass the alarm, and get a bank employee to open the safe. The gang pulls off the heist and makes a successful getaway to Mexico on a plane. Eli has no idea that Inger has been frantically trying to get in touch with him, because she has inherited $7 million from her former employer."] ["Laxminarayan 1  lives a poor lifestyle in Mumbai with his widowed mother Kanta, who wants him to be a successful gangster and would like him to kill a few people, make enough money, then marry Chota Khujli's daughter, Meena Khujli. To fulfill his mother's wish, Laxminarayan #1 accepts a contract to kill D'Mello Yadav , a Pondi-based gangster, who has stolen a diamond. Laxminarayan 2 , the detailed and obedient Secretary of D.M. Pipat, wants him to buy a vintage car from a Pondi-based used car dealer, Laila . The third Laxminarayan 3 sells undergarments and runs a business, 'Bulbul Lingerie,' with his son, Sonu; he travels to Pondi to meet with his new supplier, Jiya . The trio all arrive and book rooms next to each other in Blue Diamond Hotel. Their respective lives are hilariously turned upside down when their names cause all three to end up in the wrong places."] ['Midnight Manhunt begins with the shooting death of a master criminal who expires in a wax museum. Reporter Sue Gallagher ([[Ann Savage  is first on the scene, but she is soon in competition with her boyfriend, fellow reporter Pete Willis . The killer traps Sue in the wax museum when he returns there looking for the body. Leo Gorcey plays the caretaker of the wax museum.'] ["Danny  is a talentless entertainer who is hired by Marcus  and his motley crew to turn them into the biggest kids' group since The Wiggles. But while Danny is training them to become The Wannabes, they're secretly planning to use their new identity as cover to pull off a heist of a diamond necklace from the very rich Aurora Van Dyke . Aurora has hosted a party for her grandchild, and booked all the best child entertainers in town to perform, and as The Wannabes prepare for the show, two of the characters steal the necklace. The burglary doesn't go as planned, so they ditch the necklace and escape the scene without being caught. But after the escapade something totally unexpected happens; they end up becoming the hottest kids' band in the country. They even have The Wannabes merchandise and posters, etc.; they release an album and even do a performance on the Australian show Rove Live. Their fame continues to build until Aurora Van Dyke discovers they were the people responsible for trying to steal her necklace. After some escapades including abduction and rescuing, The Wannabes discover crime doesn't pay, but kids groups do."] ["Queens car salesman Joey O'Brien  must deal with the ever-increasing pressures in his life: he has an ex-wife demanding alimony, a daughter who's missing, a married mistress  and a single mistress  who are both desperately in love with him, and a two-day deadline to either sell twelve cars or lose his job. In addition, he has an outstanding loan to a Mafia don which he must either quickly repay, or lose his life. On the day of the big dealership car sale , the car dealership is taken hostage by an AK-47-toting motorcyclist   who believes his wife  is cheating on him. Joey manages to talk the man out of doing any harm to the other hostages, as police surround the dealership. After most of the hostages are released, the police wound the assailant, not realizing his gun is not loaded. Joey promises to stick with him while he recovers. The crisis solves all of Jimmy's problems: his mistresses learn of each other and dump him, his daughter returns, his job is secure, the Mafia don  forgives his debt, and he begins to reconcile with his ex-wife."] ["Gino is a humble shoe-shiner in Chicago who is contacted by a Mafia don and offered a large sum of money to take the rap for a murder committed by another gangster. Gino agrees, planning to buy a fishing boat with the money he will earn after the three-year sentence. While preparing for his court confession, Gino is watched over by Jerry, a bottom-rung gangster who has recently gotten into trouble for failing to follow orders. After a short and boring stay at a local hotel, Jerry decides to give Gino one last weekend to remember at Lake Tahoe before he goes to prison. After arriving at their casino, Jerry's tall tales and Gino's quiet dignity quickly get Gino mistaken for a wealthy and powerful mafioso, leading to complications for both men."] ["Fortunately, before his arrest Shyam manages to hide the diamonds at a nearby construction site, intending to return for it as soon as he gets out of prison. Two years pass and Shyam's release date arrives. Returning to his ill-gotten gains, he is horrified to discover that what was once a building site is now a new police headquarters with his stolen diamonds forming part of the foundation. Shyam decides to create and play the role of Inspector Ram and soon becomes the favourite of ACP Ranbir Singh  at the police station. But life is not that easy going for the impostor who quickly comes to the attention of the ever suspicious Inspector Pande . Amidst all this mayhem Ram actually finds time to romance Inspector Ranjita . But he also plays the character of Shyam with Ranbir’s daughter, Kajal . Soon they become lovers. Whilst Ram/Shyam is busy with his hectic love life, other criminals, Tito  and Tony  have caught wind of the news and are now in search of the diamonds. Can Ram/Shyam get carried away in their love or can he get in time to find those diamonds?"] ['In 1937, Ulysses Everett McGill , Pete Hogwallop , and Delmar O\'Donnell  escape from a chain gang at Parchman Farm and set out to retrieve the $1.2 million in treasure that Everett claims to have stolen from an armored car and buried before his incarceration. They have only four days to find it before the valley in which it is hidden will be flooded to create Arkabutla Lake as part of a new hydroelectric project. Early in their escape, while still chained together, they try to jump onto a moving train with some hobos, but fall off due to Pete\'s inability to get on. They then encounter a blind man  traveling on a manual railroad car. They hitch a ride, and he foretells their futures. They "seek a great fortune" and they will "find a fortune, though it will not be the one they seek". They will also see many wonders on their journey, including a "cow on the roof of a cotton house". They walk to Pete\'s cousin\'s house, Wash Hogwallop , who removes their chains, but, because he needs the money, he then turns them in to the police, led by Sheriff Cooley . The authorities set the barn they are sleeping in ablaze, but the trio quickly escapes with the help of Wash\'s son. When they pass a congregation on the banks of a river, Pete and Delmar are enticed by the idea of baptism, to the immense derision of the skeptical Everett. As the journey continues, they travel briefly with a young guitarist named Tommy Johnson . When asked why he was at a crossroad in the middle of nowhere, he reveals that he sold his soul to the devil in exchange for the ability to play the guitar. Tommy describes the devil as being "White, as white as you folks ... with empty eyes and a big hollow voice. He love to travel around with a mean old hound". This description matches Sheriff Cooley. The four of them come across a radio station run by a blind man , and record the song "Man of Constant Sorrow", calling themselves the Soggy Bottom Boys. Unknown to them, the song becomes famous around the state. The trio part ways with Tommy after their car is discovered by police, and they continue on their own. Among their many encounters, the most notable are a bank robbery with the famous bank robber George Nelson , a run-in with three sirens who seduce and drug them, and a mugging by a one-eyed Bible salesman named Big Dan Teague . Everett and Delmar arrive in Everett’s home town only to find that Everett\'s wife, Penny , is engaged to Vernon T. Waldrip , campaign manager for gubernatorial candidate Homer Stokes . She refuses to take Everett back and is so ashamed of him that she has been telling their daughters he was killed by a train. While watching a film in a cinema, Everett and Delmar discover that Pete is still alive, the sirens having turned him in to collect the bounty on his head. After Everett and Delmar rescue him from jail, Pete tells them that he gave up the location of the treasure. Everett reveals that he was in prison for practicing law without a license and that there was never any treasure; he only mentioned it to persuade the other men to escape so he could reconcile with his wife. Pete is outraged at this news, primarily because he only had two weeks left on his original sentence, which has now been extended 50 years in light of his escape. The trio stumble upon a Ku Klux Klan rally, where Tommy is about to be lynched. The three disguise themselves as the color guard and attempt a rescue, but Big Dan reveals their identities, and chaos ensues, in which the Grand Wizard is revealed to be Stokes. The trio flee the scene with Tommy cutting the wires supporting a large burning cross, which falls on and incinerates some of the Klansmen . Everett convinces Pete, Delmar, and Tommy to help him win his wife back. Disguised as musicians, they sneak into a Stokes campaign dinner that she is attending. Everett tries to convince his wife that he is "bona fide", but she brushes him off. The group begins an impromptu musical performance, during which the crowd recognizes them as the Soggy Bottom Boys and goes wild. Stokes, on the other hand, recognizes them as the group who disgraced his lynch mob and shouts for the music to stop, angering the crowd. He denounces the Soggy Bottom Boys as hostile to the social order, but the crowd is unimpressed and runs him out of town on a rail. Pappy O\'Daniel , the sitting governor, seizes the opportunity and endorses the Soggy Bottom Boys, granting them a full pardon while the event is being played on the radio. Penny accepts Everett back, but she demands that he find her original ring if they are to be married. As they leave the dinner, they run into a mob taking a jubilant George Nelson to jail. Delmar comments, "Looks like George is right back on top again". The group sets out with Tommy to retrieve the ring, which is at a cabin in the valley that Everett originally claimed to have hidden the treasure in. When they arrive, the police order their arrest and hanging. Everett protests, stating that they had been pardoned on the radio, but Sheriff Cooley ignores their pleas, responding that where he comes from, "[they] don’t have a radio". The three begin to despair while Everett improvises a prayer to be saved. Suddenly, the valley is flooded and they are saved from hanging. Using their coffins as rafts, Pete and Delmar jubilantly praise God, while Everett dismisses the incident as luck. He pipes down, though, as a cow floats by on top of a submerged cotton house. Tommy finds the ring in a desk that he is floating on in the new lake, and they return to town. Everett and Penny walk through town with their daughters in tow, singing. Everett presents the ring to Penny, who promptly states that it is the wrong one and demands her ring back. As Everett protests the futility of trying to find it at the bottom of the lake, the blind man rolls by on his railway handcar, his voice joining those of the girls in song.'] ['Eddie "Hudson Hawk" Hawkins &nbsp;—&nbsp; "Hudson Hawk" is an expression that refers to the often bracing winds off of the Hudson river&nbsp;—&nbsp;is a master burglar and safe-cracker, attempting to celebrate his first day of parole from prison with a cappuccino. Before he can get it, he is blackmailed by various entities, including his own parole officer, a minor Newark Mafia family headed by the Mario brothers , and the CIA into doing several dangerous art heists with his singing partner in crime, Tommy "Five-Tone" Messina . The holders of the puppet strings turn out to be a "psychotic American corporation," Mayflower Industries, run by husband and wife Darwin  and Minerva Mayflower  and a blade-slinging butler, Alfred . The company, headquartered in the Esposizione Universale Roma  in Rome, seeks to take over the world by reconstructing "La Macchina dell\'Oro", a machine purportedly invented by Leonardo da Vinci  which converts lead into gold. A special assembly of crystals needed for the machine to function are hidden in a variety of Leonardo\'s artworks: the maquette of the Sforza, the Da Vinci Codex, and a scale model of DaVinci\'s helicopter design. Sister Anna Baragli  is an operative for a secretive Vatican counter-espionage agency, which has arranged with the CIA to assist in the Roman portion of Hawk\'s mission, though apparently intending all along to foil the robbery at St. Peter\'s Basilica. Throughout the adventure, Hudson is foiled in repeated attempts to drink a cappuccino. After blowing up an auctioneer to cover up the theft of the Sforza, the Mario Bros. take Hawk away inside an ambulance, but when Hawk sticks needles into Antony Mario\'s face they try to run him down , but are both killed when their driver crashes the ambulance due to the needles in Antony\'s face. Immediately afterwards, Hawk meets CIA head George Kaplan  and his CIA agents: Snickers , Kit Kat , Almond Joy , and Butterfinger , who take him to Darwin and Minerva Mayflower. Hawk successfully steals the Da Vinci Codex from another museum, but eventually refuses to steal the helicopter design, and Tommy Five-Tone fakes his death so they can escape. However, they are found and attacked by the CIA Agents. Kit Kat and Butterfinger take Anna to the castle. Tommy trips Snickers, causing his bomb launcher to shoot a bomb onto his head. Hudson and Tommy escape while Snickers and Almond Joy are killed when the bomb goes off. The film culminates in a showdown at Leonardo\'s castle, between the remaining CIA agents, the Mayflowers, and the team of Hudson, Five-Tone, and Baragli, to stop the Mayflowers from successfully operating the machine, during which Kit Kat and Butterfingers are betrayed and killed by Minerva. Tommy fights Darwin and Alfred inside Darwin\'s limo, while Hudson fights George Kaplan on the roof, and knocks him on top of the limo. Alfred, though wounded, jumps out of the limo with Darwin and plants a bomb on it, with Tommy trapped inside and George on the hood, and it explodes just as it falls over a cliff. Darwin and Minerva force Hawk to put together the crystal powering the machine, but Hawk intentionally leaves out one small piece. As a result, when the Mayflowers try the machine, it explodes and kills Minerva. In the battle that follows, Darwin is electrocuted and Hawk battles Alfred, and eventually decapitates him on his own blades. Hawk and Baragli escape the castle and discover that Tommy survived the crash due to airbags and sprinklers inside the limo. Hawk finally gets to enjoy a cappuccino.'] ["The story starts as a retrospective, as police officer Dave Speed  faces his fourth execution attempt  for the alleged murder of his superior and friend, Sergeant Willy Dunlop . While taking his last walk once more, Dave reminisces about how this all got started. Coming fresh from the police academy, Dave is sent to deliver a parking ticket to the member of a tiny Indian village in the Florida Everglades. Unbeknownst to him, the U.S. government and NASA are preparing to conduct a secret radiation experiment in the area by firing a nuclear missile loaded with red plutonium into the area where the village  is located. Dave, the only person in that particular area, is hit by the radiation but does not die, and returns to civilization. His tale of having been close to the explosion is marvelled at by most, but dismissed by Dunlop. As time passes, Dave discovers that he has picked up a wide range of super powers, including super reflexes and speed, endurance, telekinesis, precognition, hypnotism, and the ability to survive a window drop from the 23rd story of a building unscathed. What is more puzzling is that sometimes his powers suddenly fail to work whenever he sees the color red. But his powers, even with their limitation, come as an advantage when counterfeit money is found throughout the city. The masterminds behind this scheme are a local businessman named Torpedo  and his mistress Rosy Labouche , a former actress whom Dunlop has a serious crush on. Right now, however, Dave is less a danger to them than an old retired magician named Silvius , who had inadvertently discovered how Torpedo transports his counterfeit money and now finds himself chased by Torpedo's henchmen. As it turns out, Silvius had also gained super powers the same way Dave did, and reveals his secret to the young policeman: Whenever he sees the color he saw at the explosion, his power is nullified for as long as he observes it. Dave reveals his secret to Dunlop and Evelyn, who are less than ecstatic about it. While Dunlop points out that Dave's precognitive abilities, which helped uncover Torpedo's scam, is unlikely to be admitted as evidence in court, Evelyn is not overjoyed at having a too-perfect man in the house. One night, Dave and Dunlop proceed to Torpedo's clubhouse, where Dave has Dunlop dance with Rosie  while he poses as a corrupt cop who wants a share of the winnings. By using his hypnotic powers on Torpedo, he gets the gangster to blab out the location of his printing facility: the fishing trawler Barracuda. But in the meantime, Dunlop inadvertently tells Rosie about Dave's powers and weaknesses in order to impress her. Once the information is obtained, Dave and Dunlop proceed out to sea to find the Barracuda. Going aboard alone, Dunlop finds the printing press and the latest stash of money, but is knocked out by Torpedo's men, who lock him into a freezer and then sink the trawler to destroy the evidence. Upon his return to Police HQ, Dave is arrested following a trumped-up accusation by Rosie, who also makes sure that he keeps seeing something red to prevent his escape from prison, though she could not do so during the first three execution attempts. Despite Rosie's last-ditch attempt to ensure Dave's demise by having a bouquet of red roses left in the electric chair room, Dave finally manages to escape prison and jumps into the sea, where he promptly swims to the Barracuda. Once he finds Dunlop aboard, alive but frozen stiff, he uses a borrowed piece of bubblegum to create a balloon, and both men rise out of the ocean and float back to the city. Having heard of Dave's escape, Torpedo and Rosie prepare to flee with Evelyn as their hostage. Dave manages to intercept them by jumping onto their Cessna and redirecting it to an airfield where the police are already waiting. Finally convinced of the validity of Dave's powers, Dunlop overconfidently jumps off the balloon while Dave races to save him with Rosie's red Feather boa wrapped around his legs. At the last instant, he manages to catch Dunlop , and both return safe and sound to prepare for Dave's and Evelyn's wedding. However, Evelyn, still reluctant to have a superman for a husband, has decided to have the last word in the matter by having her hair dyed red."] ['Johnny Hooker, a grifter from Depression-era Joliet, Illinois, cons $11,000 in cash from an unsuspecting victim, with the aid of his partners Luther Coleman and Joe Erie. Buoyed by the windfall, Luther announces his retirement and advises Hooker to seek out an old friend, Henry Gondorff, in Chicago, to teach him “the big con.” Unfortunately, their victim was a numbers racket courier for vicious crime boss Doyle Lonnegan. Corrupt Joliet police Lieutenant William Snyder confronts Hooker, revealing Lonnegan\'s involvement and demanding part of Hooker’s cut. Having already spent his cut, Hooker pays Snyder in counterfeit bills. Lonnegan\'s men murder Luther, and Hooker flees for his life to Chicago. Gondorff, a once-great con-man now hiding out from the FBI, is initially reluctant to take on the dangerous Lonnegan. However, Gondorff relents and decides to resurrect an elaborate and supposedly obsolete scam known as "the wire", using a large number of con artists to create a phony off-track betting parlor. Aboard the opulent 20th Century Limited, Gondorff, posing as boorish Chicago bookie "Shaw", buys his way into Lonnegan\'s private high-stakes poker game and out-cheats Lonnegan, winning $15,000 from him and making Lonnegan furious. Hooker, posing as Shaw\'s disgruntled employee "Kelly", is sent to collect the winnings and instead convinces Lonnegan that he wants to take over Shaw\'s operation. Kelly reveals that he has a partner named Les Harmon  in the Chicago Western Union office, who will allow them to win bets on horse races by past-posting. Meanwhile, Snyder has tracked Hooker to Chicago, but his pursuit is thwarted when he is summoned by undercover FBI agents led by Agent Polk, who orders him to assist in their scheme to arrest Gondorff using Hooker. Additionally, Lonnegan has grown frustrated with his men\'s inability to find and kill Hooker. Unaware that “Kelly” is Hooker, he demands that "Salino," his best assassin, kill Hooker. A mysterious figure with black leather gloves is soon seen following and observing Hooker. Kelly\'s connection appears effective, as Harmon provides Lonnegan with the winner of one horse race and the trifecta of another race. Lonnegan agrees to finance a $500,000 bet at Shaw\'s parlor to break Shaw and gain revenge. Shortly thereafter, Snyder captures Hooker and brings him before FBI Agent Polk. Polk forces Hooker to betray Gondorff by threatening to incarcerate Luther Coleman\'s widow. The night before the sting, Hooker sleeps with Loretta, a waitress at a local restaurant. As Hooker leaves the building the next morning, he sees Loretta walking toward him. The black-gloved man appears behind Hooker and shoots Loretta dead, later revealing her to be "Loretta Salino", Lonnegan\'s hired killer. The black-gloved man had been hired by Gondorff to protect Hooker. Armed with Harmon’s tip to "place it on Lucky Dan", Lonnegan makes a $500,000 bet at Shaw’s parlor on Lucky Dan to win. As the race begins, Harmon arrives and expresses shock at Lonnegan\'s bet, explaining that when he had said "place it" he had meant, literally, that Lucky Dan would "place" . In a panic, Lonnegan rushes the teller window and demands his money back. Just then, Agent Polk, Lt. Snyder, and half a dozen FBI officers storm the parlor. Polk confronts Gondorff, then tells Hooker he is free to go. Gondorff, reacting to the betrayal, shoots Hooker in the back; Polk then shoots Gondorff and orders Snyder to get Lonnegan away from the crime scene. With Lonnegan and Snyder safely away, Hooker and Gondorff rise amid cheers and laughter. Agent Polk is actually Hickey, a con man, running a con atop Gondorff\'s con to divert Snyder and provide a solid "blow off" to Gondorff\'s con. Hooker and Gondorff depart as the other con men strip the room of its contents.'] ['Tony Banks , a retired mob "torpedo" , now settled with wife Flo  and daughter Darlene , worries about his daughter\'s new hippie boyfriend Stash , and his own paternity of Darlene. Cesar Romero and Frankie Avalon appear as a father-and-son pair of mob bosses, Hechy and Angie, who bring Tony the news that top mobster "God"  wants him to carry out one last job — liquidating his old pal, "Blue Chips" Packard , before Packard can testify before the US Senate\'s Crime Commission. Tony refuses, but upon discovering another old friend, Harry , shot through the head, goes along with God\'s wishes and, now wearing a convict\'s striped outfit, finds himself in the island prison of Alcatraz, a futuristically high-tech institution where Packard is held under top-level protection. In Tony\'s absence, Stash and his friends, who have been charged with vagrancy, are invited by Flo to stay at their house. She visits Angie  to persuade him to either cancel the job, or take her to God  so she can ask personally. Angie won\'t take Flo, but he will take Darlene, who nonetheless insists on bringing Stash along. God takes a liking to Darlene, as does God\'s tall, supermodel-like black mistress  to Stash, but both are frustrated in their pursuit. One of Tony\'s cellmates turns out to be a draft dodger called Fred the Professor , an electronics wizard who has renounced technology, but makes an exception in rigging a television set to allow Banks the opportunity of cell-to-cell communication with Packard. Banks realizes he can\'t kill his old friend, and, as a result, will probably never leave the prison. He writes his wife with the news, on stationery borrowed from Fred, while ignoring Fred\'s admonition not to lick the envelope and discovering the hard way that all the stationery is soaked with LSD... enough to send the whole prison on a bad trip. One of the inmates, Leech  says, "Hey, maybe if I take some of that stuff, I wouldn\'t have to rape anybody anymore." Fred guides Tony through the resulting acid experience, helping him come to terms with his worries about Darlene and his past while plotting their escape. Darlene and Stash spend the night aboard God\'s yacht, with Stash getting word back to Flo and his friends about their location, and a coded plea for help. As the hippies mount a rescue, Tony and Fred build a makeshift balloon from discarded freezer bags and garbage cans, dump the whole supply of stationery into the prison\'s lunch, and fly out of the prison as everyone below begins to freak out. As it happens, both the hippies  and the balloon arrive on God\'s hideaway at the same time. Feeling trapped, God adopts the stooped Groucho posture, skulks into a clothes closet and closes the door. As the film ends, we last see Flo and Tony as she pulls him towards a bed in one of the yacht\'s empty side cabins, while in the main cabin, God\'s Skipper , holding open a copy of Gabriel Vahanian\'s iconic 1961 book, The Death of God, performs a marriage ceremony between Angie and God\'s Mistress, who then proceeds to become overly affectionate with surprised best-man/father-figure Hechy, as the dismayed Angie tries to separate them. Behind them, another ceremony, performed by a hippie "minister" named Geronimo , using the Skipper\'s Death of God book, joins "this brother and this sister"  "in holy union". The scene cuts to a medium shot, in calm waters, of a small sailboat, with sails decorated in large psychedelic designs of the words "LOVE" and "PEACE", holding two occupants — Fred the Professor and God, both dressed in Hare Krishna/transcendental meditation garb. As Nilsson\'s voice is heard singing "I Will Take You There", they smile beatifically while sharing a lit joint and, after taking a puff, God/Groucho murmurs, "...mmm, pumpkin". At this point, before members of the theatrical audience can rise from their seats, the words "Stop!, we are not through yet, and before you skidoo, we\'d like to introduce our cast and crew", spoken in Otto Preminger\'s familiar German-accented voice, are heard from the soundtrack. The entire credit sequence  is then sung by Nilsson, with various asides .'] ['Johnny Stewart  is a lifelong con-man who meets a girl, Amber Evans , and tries to impress her by cleaning up his act and doing things the honest way. He becomes a mailroom clerk at the credit card firm where she works and soon finds that he needs money to impress Amber. So, he develops a scheme to commit identity theft  with the credit card information of deceased cardholders that he has access to due to his mailroom position. He justifies his actions because he knows that he is only stealing from the company and not harming the individual cardholders. With the help of his brother and fellow conman , he charges large amounts of money to the cards with the intention of impressing Amber. The supervisor, Keith Heading   records Johnny stealing a returned credit card, and cons him into joining his credit card ring.'] ['Barry Wirth is a retired small time criminal who is released on parole from following the death of his mother to care for his younger brother Joey. He had been serving time for a manslaughter he claims he did not commit. Following his release trouble begins brewing for the big criminals of Surfers Paradise when a corrupt accountant Warren Halliwell who handles their money laundering is arrested for an illicit affair and has his records taken by the Crime Investigation Commission  who then use it to seize many ill gotten assets and subpoena many Gold Coast Criminals. This creates trouble for an ex-criminal, Darren "Dabba" Barrington, whose money from previous crimes has been seized as well as Chicka Martin a big time criminal. Meanwhile Barry seeks employment which he eventually obtains as a worker at a service station which is how he is reunited with Johnny "spit" Spitieri who robs the store. Johnny is a small time criminal and junkie who Barry aids in return for Johnny\'s help when they were in prison together. The main conflict of the film is caused when Johnny Spitieri is arrested for a drug deal which leaves him owing twenty thousand dollars to Chicka. This and the corrupt detective DeVier\'s continued abuse of Barry leads to Barry creating a plan to allow him, his brother, Johnny and Dabba to \'get square\' .'] ["Four small-time gangsters from Copenhagen trick a gangster boss: they steal over 4,000,000 Danish kroner which they were supposed to bring him. Trying to escape to Barcelona they are forced to stop in the countryside, in an old, wrecked house, hiding there for several weeks. Slowly, one after another, they realize that they would like to stay there, starting a new life, renovating the house and forming it into a restaurant. But they can't avoid being caught up by their past."] ['Tony wants to be a hitman for the Mafia, but first he has to learn from a master. Enter Stevie "California" Rossellini - cool, eats veggie dogs and quotes Nietzsche. Greco may not agree with Stevie\'s style, but he has to complete his training so he can go back and kill the Mafia\'s accountant, who is about to turn state\'s evidence. His final test: kill whoever is supposedly randomly picked out of the yellow pages. His target: Angelica "Angel" Chaste, a very disturbed woman. Tony falls for Angel and fails to kill her, so Stevie sets out to finish the job.'] ['{{See also}} Mark Whitacre, a rising star at Decatur, Illinois based Archer Daniels Midland  in the early 1990s, blows the whistle on the company’s price-fixing tactics at the urging of his wife Ginger.{{cite news}} One night in November 1992, Whitacre confesses to FBI special agent Brian Shepard that ADM executives – including Whitacre himself – had routinely met with competitors to fix the price of lysine, an additive used in the commercial livestock industry. Whitacre secretly gathers hundreds of hours of video and audio over several years to present to the FBI.{{cite news}}<ref nameSidhu |firstFresno company connected to Matt Damon movie |publisher2008-07-23 |urlr7c-e_9thlk}} He assists in gathering evidence by clandestinely taping the company’s activity in business meetings at various locations around the globe such as Tokyo, Paris, Mexico City, and Hong Kong, eventually collecting enough evidence of collaboration and conspiracy to warrant a raid of ADM. Whitacre’s good deed dovetails with his own major infractions and his internal, secret struggle with bipolar disorder seems to take over his exploits.{{cite news |authorWhat is "The Informant" about? |publisher2008-05-16 |url"Cain-behind"/>In the ensuing chaos, Whitacre appears to shift his trust and randomly destabilize his relationships with Agent Shepard, his partner Agent Herndon and numerous attorneys in the process. Authorities at ADM began investigating, in an attempt to cover tracks, the mounted papertrail with forged names and specs that Whitacre had built to cover his own subversive deeds. After being confronted with evidence of his fraud, Whitacre\'s reasoning and defensive claims begin to spiral out of control, including an accusation of assault and battery against Agent Shepard and the FBI, which had made a substantial move to distance their case from Whitacre entirely. Because of this major infraction and Whitacre’s bizarre behavior, he was sentenced to a prison term three times as long as that meted out to the white-collar criminals he helped to catch. In the epilogue of Whitacre\'s case, Agent Herndon visits inmate Whitacre in prison as he videotapes a futile appeal to seek a presidential pardon. Overweight, balding and psychologically beaten after his years long ordeal, Mark Whitacre is eventually released from prison with his wife Ginger, waiting to greet him.'] ['Tommy Spinelli , is a wiseguy hired by a pair of dimwitted hit men to transport a duffel bag full of decapitated heads across the country to a crime boss . While on a commercial flight, his bag is accidentally switched with that of Charlie Pritchett , a friendly, talkative, young American tourist who is going to Mexico to see his girlfriend Laurie  and her parents ([[George Hamilton . The film revolves around Spinelli harassing Charlie\'s friends Ernie  and Steve  for information, while Charlie and Laurie attempt to get rid of their rather unfortunate luggage. The film ends with Charlie and Laurie bringing a severed head to the airport, in order to prove her father\'s innocence. Benny and Rico try to intervene, but end up getting arrested. It is revealed that Tommy and Charlie set them up, as Tommy departs to Hawaii. Steve goes insane by running around the airport, telling security guards that it is his "best friend." During the credits, Charlie and Laurie get married with her mother and father present, Steve is now placed in a strait-jacket, Fern is also present after being thrown out of a van, Ernie is now a brain surgeon, and Tommy is enjoying his retirement.'] ["Red's Desert Diner Oasis, a dive in the middle of nowhere, becomes the focal point of three separate storylines. In the first, Dwayne ([[John Savage , a homicidal vacuum cleaner salesman, may have met his match in Patty Mae , a woman with an impressive collection of sweepers. The second story follows Johnny , a suicidal man who hires a sadistic hitman  to end his life. The third story follows an unemployed man  and his family, two mobsters , and others as they travel across the emptiness of the American Southwest."] ['At the "Screen Stars Annual Ball" Norma Shearer has her jewels stolen. The police must find them and return them to her.'] ['{{plot}} Veterinary assistant Corky Romano  having been banished from his family after the death of his mother, is unaware of their underworld connections until he receives a call from his father, "Pops"  a Mafia crime lord. Pops has been indicted on racketeering charges, and, knowing that the prosecutors have a strong case against him, has concluded that the only solution is to somehow destroy the evidence held by the FBI. At the family mansion, an ailing and bedridden Pops convinces Corky to infiltrate the local FBI office, since the Romano family cannot send anyone with known underworld connections, such as Corky\'s brothers Paulie  and Peter . With the aid of a computer hacker, Corky is able to obtain a false name , background, and résumé. He gains access to the local FBI office, where he discovers from office chief Howard Schuster that, according to his résumé, "Pissant" graduated from Harvard, can speak five hundred different languages, is an expert sharpshooter and has a black belt in the martial art "yan mu kwan." Corky makes several trips to the FBI office\'s evidence room, only to be sidetracked each time. He is sent on investigations and raids, most of which have nothing to do with his father\'s case. Corky finds himself on a mission to infiltrate a neo-Nazi skinhead group related to the Night Vulture, a heroin trafficker who is number six on the FBI\'s Most Wanted List. Corky approaches the gang members, who promptly rip off the Britney Spears tank top he is wearing as a disguise, and take him to a warehouse. Every Mafia member, including Paulie and Peter, are listening in through a microphone that was earlier taped to Corky\'s crotch. They go to the warehouse, beat up all the gang members, and leave. When the FBI arrives, they assume that Corky has handled the skinheads singlehandedly. He receives praise at the office and in the local media, though one agent, Agent Brick Davis  appears both jealous and suspicious of him. Corky attends a hostage situation involving a Night Vulture suspect. FBI director Howard Schuster  hands Corky a machine gun and orders him to kill the suspect. When Corky fires, the trigger gets stuck, spraying bullets everywhere. One of them hits a propane tank, causing it to explode, which knocks the suspect off his feet. Agents rush in and arrest the suspect, and it transpires that his gun was a fake. Schuster sends Corky to put the suspect in jail. On the trip back to the FBI office, Corky locks himself out of the car and the suspect kicks out the metal divider between the front and back seats. The divider jams the gas pedal to the floor, sending the car weaving wildly through city streets. Corky\'s arm is stuck in the window the whole time. Later, the car crashes into Paulie and Peter. Davis and other agents arrive and proceed to arrest Paulie and Peter, citing photographic equipment in the backseat of their car . However, Corky steps in to handle the situation. He farts in the faces of his brothers, and tells them to leave. Corky grows to like FBI agent Kate Russo , but she seems uninterested until they bump into each other at the Romano mansion where Russo has been sent undercover to collect more evidence against the Romanos. Corky is able to convince Russo that he, too, is working undercover. Corky is sent to infiltrate a drug deal in Chinatown posing as a translator . Corky attempts to translate, but ends up saying nonsense phrases such as "fool" and "hairy pencil". The participating drug lords draw their guns and begin shooting in frustration. Corky\'s new FBI partners, agents Bob Cox  and Terrence Darnell ([[Dave Sheridan , engage in a shootout with one of them while the other escapes. Cox and Darnell are captured while trying to infiltrate one of Pops\' underground casinos. Corky comes to the rescue, but is caught by the bouncers and has his head placed in a paint shaker. When it is discovered that he is a member of the Romano family, and the bouncers ask how they can make it up to Corky, he says, "Maybe I can take some of my friends with me?". Corky eventually gets the evidence, and discovers that his father will be facing murder charges. Shocked, he tells Pops, who vehemently denies killing anyone. Meanwhile, Russo discovers that Corky is a member of the Romano family and not an FBI agent. The entire FBI office conducts a raid on the Romano mansion, where it is discovered that family friend Leo Corrigan  is an FBI informant and has been lying about the family\'s activities, including the alleged murder. It is also discovered that Brick Davis is in fact the Night Vulture. Leo is knocked out by Corky with a light fixture, and Davis is arrested by his fellow FBI agents. In the end, Corky and Agent Russo get married and drive off in Corky\'s car, a bright yellow Mazda Miata. Corky also gains the respect and love of his entire family. The peculiar nickname "Corky" is alleged to be taken from real life New Jersey mobster Gaetano Vastola whose nickname among the mafia ranks as a street soldier was "Corky". Gaetano is also believed to have been the model for the fictional character in The Sopranos, Hesh Rabkin . [4]'] ['Nicholas "Oz" Ozeranski ([[Matthew Perry  is a Quebec dentist from Chicago, trapped in a miserable marriage to the daughter of his late ex-partner. His wife Sophie  and mother-in-law  hate him, and his deceased father-in-law has saddled him with a lot of debt. He can\'t divorce his wife because her father embezzled from the dental practice, and he has nothing but debt if they separate. As the movie opens, Oz comes down to the kitchen, where his wife, Sophie, and her mother are having breakfast. Sophie tells Oz she needs $5000, but won\'t say what for. He leaves for work, taking some frustration out on the steering wheel on the way. At the office, we are introduced to his assistant, Jill . Jill and Oz have lunch and she tells him that his wife isn\'t a good person. They joke about having her taken out of the picture, and Jill tells him to name a price. When Oz gets home, a new neighbor is moving in next door. Oz thinks that "Jimmy Jones" looks familiar, and after recognizing a tattoo on Jimmy\'s forearm, realizes that he\'s Jimmy "the Tulip" Tudeski . Tudeski is an infamous contract killer from Chicago who was given amnesty after ratting out Lazlo Gogolak and other members of the Gogolak gang. After an uncomfortable encounter, Oz runs home in a panic and tells Sophie they\'re moving. But Sophie insists that Oz return to Chicago to collect a finder\'s fee by giving up Jimmy\'s whereabouts to Lazlo\'s son, Janni . Upon arriving in Chicago, Oz has lunch with an old friend and confesses that he has no intention of meeting with Janni. Unfortunately, when Oz returns to his hotel room, he is greeted by Frankie Figs  who turns out to be one of Janni\'s enforcers. Frankie roughs Oz up to get the truth out of him and then takes him to Janni. At Janni\'s estate, Oz meets Cynthia , Jimmy\'s estranged wife. Janni instructs Frankie to accompany Oz back to Canada and keep an eye on Jimmy until Janni and his men arrive to take him out. Back at the hotel, Oz is freaking out when there\'s a knock at the door. It\'s Cynthia. She tells asks if Oz really knows where to find Jimmy, explaining that Janni and Jimmy both want her  dead in order to collect on $10 million dollars being held in trust in their names. Oz woos Cynthia and the two share a bottle of scotch and end up sleeping together. Then Oz vows to find a way to protect Cynthia from Jimmy. Back in Canada, Frankie and a very nervous Oz enter another hotel room and see Jimmy waiting inside. It turns out that Frankie and Jimmy are old friends and together, are planning to take out Janni and his men  when they come to do the hit on him. Oz returns to work and tells Jill about the events in Chicago. Jill is extremely excited when she finds out Jimmy the Tulip is Oz\'s neighbor and makes Oz take her to meet him. Jill tells Jimmy that he\'s her hero and the reason she wants to be a contract killer. We find out that Sophie tried to use the $5000 to have Jill kill Oz, but Jill ended up liking Oz after getting to know him and refused the contract. As Jimmy and Jill discuss the upcoming ambush, Oz gets angry and says that he won\'t stand by and let them kill Cynthia. Meanwhile, Sophie is in bed  with a new hitter she has secured with her $5000. Oz is back at home and tries to call and warn Cynthia about Jimmy\'s plan, but she is already on the way with Janni. When they arrive at Oz\'s house, Oz gets a chance to warn Cynthia, while she warns him that Janni will kill him after killing Jimmy. The two watch from Oz\'s garage as Janni\'s gang walks into the trap. Down the street, Sophie and her hitter are in his car. She is discussing the payment and promises that her mother will pay the remainder of his fee after the job is done. The hitter  is distracted when he recognized Janni Gogolak heading toward Jimmy\'s house. When Sophie tells him whose house it is, he realizes what\'s about to happen, pulls out a gun and exits the car, leaving Sophie bewildered. When Janni enters the house, he is distracted by a naked Jill, and she, Jimmy and Frankie are easily able to kill Janni and his men. Sophie\'s hitter is in the yard when he hears Oz\'s car peel out behind him. Oz and Cynthia are making a break for it. This draws Jimmy\'s attention to the window. He has Jill get the mystery hitter\'s attention and then shoots him. Sophie sees this and runs, screaming, down the street. When they get the body inside, they realize he is an undercover cop. As they start to get a plan together to dispose of the bodies, Oz calls. While they are on the phone, Jill reveals that Oz slept with Cynthia in Chicago -- which she thinks is great -- but it infuriates Jimmy, who feels that friends shouldn\'t sleep with each other\'s wives. Oz makes a deal with them that will benefit everyone. He will alter the cop\'s teeth to exactly match Jimmy\'s. They then put the cop\'s body and Janni\'s into Oz\'s car and set it on fire, rendering the bodies unidentifiable, except by dental records. Jimmy is still really mad, but luckily, the plan works. The investigators think that Janni and Jimmy are both dead. This allows Cynthia to collect the $10 million, which as a part of the deal, she has agreed to transfer to Jimmy in exchange for her and Oz\'s lives. The investigators also find the undercover cop\'s car when they go to check out Jimmy\'s house. Inside the car is a tape recorder, the contents of which are more than enough to put Sophie and her mother in prison, even though Sophie tearfully claims that Jill is the killer. The next day, the key players meet up in the city. While Cynthia and Jill go to the bank to transfer the money, Oz heads to an art museum with Jimmy, where they will be around people and Oz thinks he\'ll be safe. Jimmy has other plans though and takes Oz  out on a private yacht. Back at the bank, Jill asks Cynthia if she\'s tempted to take the money and run. Cynthia decides that she loves Oz and can\'t leave him to be killed by Jimmy. Jill tells Cynthia that Jimmy wants her and Oz to have $1 million as a wedding gift, and the two women make the transfers. On the boat, Jimmy gets the call that the money has been received. He pulls out a gun and points it at Oz. Frankie grins knowingly before Jimmy turns and shoots him instead. Oz is floored, but happy to be alive. He tells Jimmy that it\'s obvious he\'s in love with "her." Jimmy acts confused, thinking Oz is referring to Cynthia. In the next shot, Jill runs on the boat and jumps into Jimmy\'s arms. Oz leaves to meet Cynthia. As soon as he sees her, he asks her to marry him. She looks disappointed and asks if Jimmy told him  Oz doesn\'t know what she\'s talking about, and so she happily agrees to marry him. In the closing scene, the two newlywed couples are on a hotel balcony overlooking Niagara falls, dancing to a bluesy version of Ira Gershwin\'s "They All Laughed" as the credits roll.'] ["The film begins with Teapot , attempting to rob the dormant homes of a wealthy neighborhood in Hong Kong. When attempting to rob one particular house, he is briefly mistaken for the guest of honor at a surprise birthday party, and is subsequently handed over to the police. The following day, four other petty criminals are apprehended - unruly civil rights leader Curly , car washer Exhaust Pipe  who steals vehicle parts, well-dressed thief Vaseline  who swindles jewelry shops' most expensive watches, and Rookie , a mysterious, and rude, stranger. The quintet unite in prison and promise to make their fortune together in every possible way upon their release. Rookie is the gang's leader, whilst Teapot is bullied by the others . Following their release, they team up with Curly's beautiful sister, Shirley , and form a cleaning company. A sixth convict, the wealthy Jack Tar  is released on the same day. Upon his release, he returns to his mansion, his fleet of expensive vehicles and his dozens of bodyguards. Tar commences work on his next criminal project, trading counterfeit US and Hong Kong currency with another crime boss. When the deal takes place, a brave but careless cop CID 07  attempts to recover the briefcase containing the phony money, but the case somehow ends up in the Five Stars Cleaning Co. van. While none of the workers realize this misfortune, Tar certainly does. Later, Teapot and his friends decide to attend Tar's high-class party, hoping to expand their business with the wealthy guests. Unluckily Tar recognizes Curly instantly, and interrogates him. A battle ensues, where Teapot's kung fu skills are heavily relied on. Finally, another Triad gang, led by Tar's rival, wants the printing plates as well. A climatic fight takes place at a warehouse, where both Tar and his rival, along with their goons, are finally defeated. At the end, Teapot receives a reward and marries Shirley."] ["The film follows the story of two women living in London, Shannon  and Frances , attempting to con a group of gangsters, led by Kerrigan  and Mason , into giving them £1,000,000 after they overhear a conversation between gang members during a local bank heist. The idea is that the money would later be used to fund the purchase of a large amount of expensive hospital equipment for the hospital where Shannon works as an overworked and underpaid nurse. Frances, a failing American actress who has resorted to doing voice acting for children's cartoons, wants the money so that she can get out of the rut she believes she is stuck in, and also because she wants a Mercedes to replace her aging Pontiac Firebird. Throughout the course of the film, the women threaten the mobsters in order to persuade them to give them a cut of the heist money. As the film progresses, the danger the women are in becomes more obvious, and just as it appears that they are out of their depth when Frances' car is blown up and Shannon is almost kidnapped, they successfully break into Mason's house and confront him and one of his gang. A mass shoot-out occurs after it becomes clear that the girls have stolen all of Mason's guns and have bagged all the money. They manage to get away in the gang members' Porsche Boxster with the bags of money. The hospital equipment is delivered to Shannon's hospital anonymously, as Shannon and Frances look on. They then drive off into London in the Mercedes CLK that they bought with some of the money, happy that they have done the right thing."] ["The story follows Jerry Welbach  as he travels through Mexico to find an antique gun, The Mexican, and smuggle it into the United States. Five years earlier, Welbach had caused a traffic accident in which he hit the car of local mobster Arnold Margolese , who was jailed for five years after the police searched his car following the crash, finding someone tied up in his trunk. In compensation for the jail time, Welbach has been sent on various errands by Margolese's second-in-command, Bernie Nayman . This will be his final errand. Welbach has a girlfriend, Samantha , who constantly argues with him about, among other things, his lack of commitment to their relationship. The gun has a legendary history, a curse regarding its likelihood to misfire, and its involvement in a jilted love-triangle where it was used as a suicide weapon. The gunsmith's assistant was in love with the gunsmith's daughter and was killed by an interested nobleman, prompting the suicide of their object of affection. The legend is reprised in the story."] ["The film begins with Alphonse Tram , a less than gregarious character, idly chatting to an accountant who is travelling home very late. The accountant, a man of orthodox social outlook and standing is disturbed by and fearful of this rambling loner, more so when Tram attempts to give him his bloodstained knife . They argue and the accountant puts the knife on a seat a few feet away behind them. They argue some more and then notice the knife has disappeared. Later that night Tram discovers the same man in a subway leading from another metro station lying down with the knife stabbed into his stomach: he has no explanation to the police inspector Bernard  he reports it to as to how it happened. He speculates, perhaps unwisely but without caring for the potential consequences (as in Camus' [[The Stranger , to the police inspector that it was his own knife that killed the accountant: the police inspector, irate at having to consider a complex case while off-duty pushes Tram out of his apartment saying he has a bellyfull of murders all day and doesn't want another to deal with. This sparks off a series of bizarre occurrences around the city as Alphonse's wife is killed, and the perpetrator  who confesses to the murder is seemingly taken light heartedly by the police officer and Alphonse himself."] ['; Prologue "Pumpkin"  and "Honey Bunny"  are having breakfast in a diner. They decide to rob it after realizing they could make money off the customers as well as the business, as they did during their previous heist. Moments after they initiate the hold-up, the scene breaks off and the title credits roll. ; Prelude to "Vincent Vega and Marsellus Wallace\'s Wife" As Jules Winnfield  drives, Vincent Vega  talks about his experiences in Europe, from where he has just returned: the hash bars in Amsterdam, the French McDonald\'s and its "Royale with Cheese". The pair—both wearing dress suits—are on their way to retrieve a briefcase from Brett , who has transgressed against their boss, gangster Marsellus Wallace. Jules tells Vincent that Marsellus had someone thrown off a fourth-floor balcony for giving his wife a foot massage. Vincent says that Marsellus has asked him to escort his wife while Marsellus is out of town. They conclude their banter and "get into character", which soon involves executing Brett in dramatic fashion after Jules recites a baleful "biblical" pronouncement.   In a virtually empty cocktail lounge, aging prizefighter Butch Coolidge  accepts a large sum of money from mobster Marsellus Wallace , agreeing to take a dive in his upcoming match. Vincent and Jules—now dressed in T-shirts and shorts—arrive to deliver the briefcase, and Butch and Vincent briefly cross paths. The next day, Vincent drops by the house of Lance  and his wife Jody  to purchase high-grade heroin. He shoots up before driving over to meet Mrs. Mia Wallace  and take her out. They head to Jack Rabbit Slim\'s, a 1950s-themed restaurant staffed by lookalikes of the decade\'s pop icons. Mia recounts her experience acting in a failed television pilot, "Fox Force Five". After participating in a twist contest, they return to the Wallace house with the trophy. While Vincent is in the bathroom, Mia finds his stash of heroin in his coat pocket. Mistaking it for cocaine, she snorts it and overdoses. Vincent rushes her to Lance\'s house for help. Together, they administer an adrenaline shot to Mia\'s heart, reviving her. Before parting ways, Mia and Vincent agree not to tell Marsellus of the incident. ; Prelude to "The Gold Watch" Television time for young Butch  is interrupted by the arrival of Vietnam veteran Captain Koons . Koons explains that he has brought a gold watch, passed down through generations of Coolidge men since World War I. Butch\'s father died of dysentery while in a POW camp, and at his dying request Koons hid the watch in his rectum for two years in order to deliver it to Butch. A bell rings, startling the adult Butch out of this reverie. He is in his boxing colors—it is time for the fight he has been paid to throw.  Butch flees the arena, having won the bout. Making his getaway by taxi, he learns from the death-obsessed driver, Esmarelda Villalobos , that he killed the opposing fighter. Butch has double-crossed Marsellus, betting his payoff on himself at very favorable odds. The next morning, at the motel where he and his girlfriend, Fabienne , are lying low, Butch discovers that she has forgotten to pack the irreplaceable watch. He returns to his apartment to retrieve it, although Marsellus\'s men are almost certainly looking for him. Butch finds the watch quickly, but thinking he is alone, pauses for a snack. Only then does he notice a machine pistol on the kitchen counter. Hearing the toilet flush, Butch readies the gun in time to kill a startled Vincent Vega exiting the bathroom. Butch drives away but while waiting at a traffic light, Marsellus walks by and recognizes him. Butch rams Marsellus with the car, then another automobile collides with his. After a foot chase the two men land in a pawnshop. The shopowner, Maynard , captures them at gunpoint and ties them up in a half-basement area. Maynard is joined by Zed ; they take Marsellus to another room to rape him, leaving a silent masked figure referred to as "the gimp" to watch a tied-up Butch. Butch breaks loose and knocks out the gimp. He is about to flee when he decides to save Marsellus. As Zed is sodomizing Marsellus on a pommel horse, Butch kills Maynard with a katana. Marsellus retrieves Maynard\'s shotgun and shoots Zed in the groin. Marsellus informs Butch that they are even with respect to the botched fight fix, so long as he never tells anyone about the rape and departs Los Angeles forever. Butch agrees and returns to pick up Fabienne on Zed\'s chopper.  The story returns to Vincent and Jules at Brett\'s. After they execute him, another man  bursts out of the bathroom and shoots wildly at them, missing every time before an astonished Jules and Vincent return fire. Jules decides this is a miracle and a sign from God for him to retire as a hitman. They drive off with one of Brett\'s associates, Marvin , their informant. Vincent asks Marvin for his opinion about the "miracle", and accidentally shoots him in the face. Forced to remove their bloodied car from the road, Jules calls upon the house of his friend Jimmie . Jimmie\'s wife, Bonnie, is due back from work soon and he is very anxious that she not encounter the scene. At Jules\'s request, Marsellus arranges for the help of Winston Wolf . "The Wolf" takes charge of the situation, ordering Jules and Vincent to clean the car, hide the body in the trunk, dispose of their own bloody clothes, and change into T-shirts and shorts provided by Jimmie. They drive the car to a junkyard, from where Wolf and the owner\'s daughter, Raquel , head off to breakfast and Jules and Vincent decide to do the same. ; Epilogue As Jules and Vincent eat breakfast in a coffee shop the discussion returns to Jules\'s decision to retire. In a brief cutaway, we see "Pumpkin" and "Honey Bunny" shortly before they initiate the hold-up from the movie\'s first scene. While Vincent is in the bathroom, the hold-up commences. "Pumpkin" demands all of the patrons\' valuables, including Jules\'s mysterious case. Jules surprises "Pumpkin" , holding him at gunpoint. "Honey Bunny" , hysterical, trains her gun on Jules. Vincent emerges from the restroom with his gun trained on her, creating a Mexican standoff. Reprising his pseudo-biblical passage, Jules expresses his ambivalence about his life of crime. As his first act of redemption, he allows the two robbers to take the cash they have stolen and leave, pondering how they were spared and leaving the briefcase to be returned to Marsellus, finishing the hitman\'s final job for his boss.'] ["When gang master Hung died, his two followers Cheung and Chapman To were sent to Thailand to look for his son, Georgie Hung, to succeed him. Georgie, who is gay and lives as a cook with his boyfriend Frankie, is uninterested to continue his father's work. But his close friend Sam, adored the life of a gangster and took his position instead. Sam and Georgie thus returned to Hong Kong with their identities swapped. Upon returning, they discovered that Hung had accidentally killed Cheng Chow's father and now Cheng Chow, a leading gangster of a friendly gang, led by Chan Wai-Man, is looking to avenge for his father's death. Meanwhile, Chan Wai-Man wanted to let his daughter Julie to marry Sam in order to strengthen the bond between the two gangs. Sam initially agrees but later changed his mind when he discovered that Julie is not in love with him. Finally, Cheng Chow kidnapped both Julie and Sam and forced Georgie to lead his gang on a rescue mission. Georgie, with help from Julie and Sam, defeated Cheng Chow in the final battle and told him to accept the fact that his father's death was an accident. Then Cheng Chow saved Georgie when one of his men tried to take his life. Julie and Sam fell in love during the kidnapping and decided to get married while Sam and Georgie took joint leadership of the gang."] ["Leary plays the role of a petty thief who steals a $4,000,000 masterpiece painting. Bullock plays his girlfriend who works as a cashier. She befriends the potential buyer of the painting played by Dillane on an island. After being captured by FBI Agent O'Malley played by Kotto at the fish factory she discovers her new friend is actually an art thief."] ["Amid vignettes involving a philandering husband who fakes amnesia, a child prodigy who yearns to live a normal life, an aging bachelor whose housekeeper has disappeared, and an old lady whose daughter has run away, the primary plot line focuses on brash detective Butch Saunders, who is assigned to find missing Chicago banker Therme Roberts. Butch finds himself attracted to the man's wife Norma, despite the fact they're both married, so when his superior, Captain Webb, tells him she really is Norma Phillips and the man she claims is missing is not her husband but the person she has been accused of murdering, he doesn't believe her. Norma fakes her suicide by drowning and disappears, but can't resist returning when Butch stages her funeral in the hope she'll surface. Not only she but the missing Roberts, as well, turn up at the services. Norma tells Butch she once was Roberts' secretary, and he killed his mentally disturbed twin brother and assumed his identity in order to avoid embezzlement charges. Roberts denies her accusations, but Webb tricks him into admitting his guilt. Norma is cleared and, when Butch learns his wife Belle never divorced her first husband, the two are free to wed."] ["Charley Pearl is the heir to a toothpaste empire's fortune. He is a playboy who doesn't work for a living, spending his time indulging in hobbies like speedboats and fast cars. Charley is engaged to be married to the daughter of Lew Horner, a foul-mouthed, hot-tempered Hollywood studio mogul. Horner is concerned that Charley has no ambition of any kind and no apparent guilt about it. The studio chief warns Charley that if he should make Adele unhappy in any way, there will be hell to pay. His four best friends—a comedian, a songwriter, a singer and a baseball manager —accompany Charley on a drive to Las Vegas for a final bachelor's fling. Charley is willing to foot the bill for Phil, Sammy, Tony and George but is eager to get back home to his fiancee. They make a quick stop for a drink at a nightclub where Vicki Anderson, a glamorous singer, immediately disrupts Charley's thoughts of wedded bliss. He tries to pick up Vicki after her performance but is sternly warned that she belongs to somebody else. Vicki responds to Charley's charm, however, and obligingly offers to leave a window open at her home. Charley shows up and they end up in bed, only to be caught in the act by her other lover—Bugsy Siegel, the notorious gangster. Rather than react violently, Bugsy amuses himself with the notion that he will take the scared-stiff Vicki and Charley to a justice of the peace in the middle of the night and make them marry one another. Charley drives her back to California and offers to pay her expenses, but Vicki walks out, wanting nothing more from him. In the meantime, their wedding photo pops up on the front page of the morning newspaper—with Charley's engagement announcement to Lew Horner's daughter appearing on a later page, as the enraged studio boss points out. Charley apologizes and still wants to marry a sobbing Adele. He agrees to get an annulment from Vicki and to pay a considerable sum to charity if he should dare disappoint Horner's daughter again. Charley accidentally runs into Vicki again and can't help himself. Charley remarries Vicki and once again leaving his fiancee in the lurch. Lew Horner stops just short of killing Charley, instead sending a couple of thugs to beat him and toss him into a swimming pool. Charley accepts this as fair. Vicki is happy, too, momentarily, coming home with an offer that could advance her career, only to learn that Charley's father has died and he is needed on the other side of the country in Boston, where he is now expected to run the family's business. Vicki puts her career on hold and spends two years in Boston, enduring high society and boring tea parties. She can't wait to get back to California and her career, but when Charley reneges on his promise, Vicki promptly gets a divorce. It doesn't take long for Charley to return west. He and his friends track Vicki to a nightclub where she has taken up with another shady figure. They become involved in a violent brawl. Charley then makes off with Vicki and marries her a third time, to the amazement of his pals. As a gesture of gratitude, Charley sinks millions of dollars into a movie studio where he intends to produce pictures featuring his wife. But while the careers of his buddies take off, Charley and Vicki begin to have children and raise a family. Nothing at the new studio gets under way and Charley goes broke. He angrily blames Vicki, who walks out on him yet again. Divorced and depressed, a haggard-looking Charley is found by his friends quite a bit later at a nightclub, where he tells them he has recently gone into a promising new line of work: computers. He stares dreamily at the stage where Vicki is performing her act. Charley shows his friends a diamond engagement ring that he has brought with him. Vicki slides it onto her finger."] ['1960 Baltimore; juvenile delinquent Dawn Davenport ([[Divine , a regular troublemaker at her all-girls school, receives a failing Geography grade and a sentence of writing lines for fighting, lying, cheating, and eating in class. On Christmas morning, Dawn fails to get the cha-cha heel shoes she wants for Christmas. After breaking into a violent rage and pushing her mother into the Christmas tree, Dawn runs away from home and, while hitchhiking, gets picked up by Earl Peterson , a fat man driving an Edsel station wagon. Peterson drives Davenport to a dump, where they have sex on a dirty mattress on the side of the road. When she later finds herself pregnant and demands money from him, he tells her, "Go fuck yourself", which Divine had indeed done by playing both roles. Dawn gives birth to her daughter Taffy and works as a waitress, go-go dancer, hooker, and petty thief—working the latter two jobs with delinquent friends Chicklette ([[Susan Walsh  and Concetta  through the mid \'60s. 1968: Taffy  is now eight years old and driving her mother to violence . Dawn complains to Chicklette and Concetta about the demands of motherhood, and they suggest she cheer herself up by getting her hair done by a stylist named Gator , who lives with his morbidly obese aunt, Ida  who constantly pleads with him to "turn queer". Dawn becomes a client of Gator\'s at the Lipstick Beauty Salon, owned by Donald  and Donna Dasher . Dawn and Gator marry, but five years later, in 1974, their marriage is complicated by the fact that Taffy , now fourteen years old, hates Gator. When Taffy catches her mother and stepfather having sex, Gator suggests she join them in bed, to which Taffy replies, "I wouldn\'t suck your lousy dick if I was suffocating and there was oxygen in your balls!" Fed up with Gator\'s infidelities and his penchant for reading magazines while penetrating her with tools such as hammers and pliers, Dawn leaves Gator and starts divorce proceedings. She seeks solace at the Lipstick Beauty Salon, where the diabolical Dashers ask her to be a "glamorous guinea pig" for a "beauty experiment": they want to test Jean Genet\'s theory that "crime equals beauty". At their behest, Dawn performs several crimes including knocking her daughter unconscious with a chair after a fight during which a narcissistic Dawn happily poses for their photographs. Ida then bursts into Dawn\'s house and disfigures her face with acid when Gator leaves to pursue work in the auto industry in Michigan. Dawn lands in the hospital and though hideously disfigured, the Dashers and her other friends convince her she\'s pretty and discourage her from having reconstructive plastic surgery. After leaving the hospital, Dawn returns to find her home redecorated by the Dashers, who\'ve kidnapped and confined Ida to an oversized bird cage. After encouragement from the Dashers, Dawn cuts off Ida\'s hand. Taffy comes home and after becoming unhinged at the sight of a grown woman in a bird cage with a bloody stump, pleads with her mother to reveal the identity of her real father, which she reluctantly does. Taffy finds her father living in a dilapidated house and drinking excessively. She stabs him to death with a butcher knife after he tries to sexually assault her. Taffy returns home and announces she is joining the Hare Krishna movement. Dawn warns her she will kill her if she does. Dawn, now with grotesque hair, make-up, and outfits provided by the Dashers, creates a nightclub act. Backstage on opening night, Taffy appears after freeing Ida from the bird cage. Upon discovering that Taffy is now a Hare Krishna, Dawn strangles her to death while the Dashers and their minions cheer her on. Dawn performs her nightclub act, which includes jumping on a trampoline and wallowing in a playpen filled with dead fish. She revels in the ideal that beauty is an art form born from crime: {{cquote}} She then yells out, "Who wants to be famous? Who wants to die for art?", and commences shooting into the crowd. Several people are wounded and others are trampled while fleeing the scene. Police allow the Dashers to leave after Donald and Donna claim they are upright citizens caught in a bloody rampage. Dawn flees into a forest but is soon arrested by the police. At Dawn\'s trial, the Dashers are granted "total immunity" by the judge in exchange for their testimony against her. They claim to be shocked by Dawn\'s crime spree, although they engineered and encouraged it. Ida testifies against Dawn for kidnapping her and amputating her hand, when actually the Dashers kidnapped Ida and told Dawn to cut off her hand . After Dawn is found guilty and sentenced to die in the electric chair, the Dashers are seen paying Ida for her testimony. In jail awaiting execution, Dawn has a lesbian affair with another prisoner . Dawn tells her lover being executed will make her famous, "like winning an Academy Award". Indeed, when a delirious Dawn is strapped to the electric chair, she gives a speech as if she were winning an Oscar: {{cquote}} After receiving a fatal electric shock, Dawn is immortalized as her distorted face is shown in freeze frame with the end credits rolling over it.'] ['After Eric Simpson  nearly gives the Queen a parking ticket, he and Ernest Clark  decide to take a holiday in the South of France. However, when they arrive there, they become unwittingly involved in a jewel theft when the thief Le Pirate decides to use them to smuggle some precious jewels out of the country. He sends the two Englishmen to a sinister villa and sends the beautiful Claudette, a member of his criminal gang, to keep Eric and Ernie occupied while he carries out the various stages of his plan. Confusion ensues however, as the two battle over the love of Claudette, and Eric accidentally wins a large sum of money at a casino. Eventually Eric and Ernie start to get suspicious and start to investigate...'] ['At a psychiatric hospital, former Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus  is largely recovered from the murderous insanity that saw him repeatedly attempt to kill the thorn in his side, Inspector Jacques Clouseau. He is about to be released but Clouseau , who is now Chief Inspector and has arrived to speak on Dreyfus\'s behalf, comes to visit, and his clumsiness and proneness to accidents drive Dreyfus insane again. Soon thereafter, Dreyfus escapes from the asylum, intent on killing Clouseau. His first attempt involves planting a bomb whilst Clouseau destructively duels with his manservant Cato , who is under orders, from Clouseau, to keep Clouseau alert by randomly attacking him. The bomb merely destroys Clouseau\'s apartment whilst Clouseau himself is unharmed, largely because Clouseau has been distracted by an inflatable costume and a telephone call by Dreyfus which was meant to keep him in place for the bombing. Cato, however, ends up in the hospital. Dreyfus sets his sights higher. Using his knowledge of the underworld, he enlists the help of an army of vicious criminals, kidnaps nuclear physicist Professor Hugo Fassbender  and the Professor\'s daughter Margo , forcing the professor to build a "doomsday weapon" in return for his daughter\'s freedom. As Hugo Fassbender cannot bear to hear his daughter undergoing Dreyfus\'s torture , he agrees. Clouseau travels to England to investigate Fassbender\'s disappearance, with typically chaotic results, as Scotland Yard Section Director Alec Drummond  and Superintendent Quinlan  painfully learn. However, Clouseau manages to set his sights on Jarvis, the cross-dressing butler of the Fassbenders, and while Jarvis is killed by the kidnappers, to whom he had become a dangerous witness, Clouseau follows a clue found on the crime scene to the Oktoberfest in Germany. Meanwhile Dreyfus broadcasts himself to the world to announce his ultimatum. Disintegrating the United Nations headquarters in New York City before the disbelieving eyes of the world, he blackmails the leaders of the world, including the President of the United States , into assassinating Clouseau. Forced to take Dreyfus\'s threat seriously, several nations send assassins to kill Clouseau at the Oktoberfest. Many of the nations, however, instruct their assassins to kill other assassins if necessary in order to ensure that their own country can kill Clouseau and thus win Dreyfus\'s favor and possibly get hold of the Doomsday Machine themselves. This, combined with Clouseau\'s typical bumbling fashion, enables Clouseau to evade each assassination attempt just as it is about to happen, so that the assassins all kill each other instead. In the end, only the operatives of Egypt and Russia remain alive. The Egyptian assassin , sneaking into Clouseau\'s hotel room, shoots a man he believes to be Clouseau . The Russian operative, Olga Bariosova , who has sneaked into Clouseau\'s room, seduces the Egyptian, similarly mistaking him for Clouseau. His passionate sexuality convinces her not to assassinate him; when the real Clouseau makes an appearance, he is surprised to discover a beautiful woman in his bed who confuses him further by declaring her undying passion for him, and by finding a dead man in his bath. A tattoo on the dead man, combined with Olga\'s dismissively revealed knowledge, reveals to Clouseau Dreyfus\'s location at a castle in Bavaria. He leaves immediately leaving a confused and frustrated Olga behind him. Dreyfus is elated at Clouseau\'s apparent demise, but his joy is soured by a bad case of toothache. Clouseau, who has arrived in the village near Dreyfus\'s castle but has been denied entry into the castle by a mischievous drawbridge, eventually infiltrates Dreyfus\'s castle hideout disguised as a dentist, intoxicates Dreyfus  with nitrous oxide, and pulls one of Dreyfus\'s healthy teeth. Realising the deception, Dreyfus orders Clouseau killed, but Clouseau escapes. Enraged, Dreyfus means to seek vengeance on the world by destroying England; as he prepares for this, Clouseau, who has been thrown into the castle\'s barnyard, is literally catapulted onto Dreyfus\'s doomsday machine. Clouseau\'s weight redirects the disintegrator so that the beam hits Dreyfus  and the castle. As Dreyfus\'s henchmen, Fassbender, and his daughter, and eventually Clouseau himself escape the dissolving castle, Dreyfus plays "Tiptoe Through the Tulips" on the castle\'s pipe organ, while gradually disintegrating. The castle then disappears entirely, taking Dreyfus with it. Returning to Paris, Clouseau is reunited with Olga, who has dismissed Cato for the evening and intends on completing her seduction of Clouseau. This is interrupted first by Clouseau\'s apparent inability to remove his clothes without a struggle, and then by Cato, who chooses this time to once more follow his orders and attack Clouseau and Olga. The consequent struggle ends when all three are hurled by a reclining bed into the Seine. Immediately thereafter, a cartoon image of Clouseau emerges from the water, which has been tinted pink, and begins swimming, unaware that a gigantic version of the Pink Panther character is waiting below him with a sharp-toothed, open mouth (a reference to the film [[Jaws . The film ends when the animated Clouseau gets chased by the shark in the water  as the credits roll.'] ['Based on an original screenplay by Ryan T Young of Lampoon fame, Chazz, Rex and Pip are a Los Angeles would-be rock band called The Lone Rangers. The guys are continuously turned down as they try to get their demo tape heard by producers. They finally decide to try to get the local rock station, KPPX 103.6 , to play it on the air, after they saw how Rebel Radio helped another band The Sons of Thunder get a record deal. Their first break-in attempt is using Pip\'s ATM card and its PIN. The card\'s confiscated. Then, Rex tries to short circuit the electronic lock with Pip\'s Big Gulp. They finally get in when a station employee Suzzi comes out and they keep the door from shutting behind her. Once inside, DJ Ian "The Shark" puts them on the air without them knowing. Station Manager Milo overhears them and intervenes. After Milo calls Rex "Hollywood Boulevard trash", Chazz and Rex shove water pistols that look like Uzis loaded with hot pepper sauce in Milo\'s face and demand airplay. After setting up a reel-to-reel for the demo, the tape starts and is destroyed when the reel runs out and catches fire in an ashtray. The guys try to run, but Doug Beech, the station\'s accountant, calls the police and the building is surrounded. They soon realize that they are armed hostage takers and begin negotiations with the police. During the crisis, it is learned that Milo had signed a deal to flip KPPX\'s format to Soft Adult Contemporary , which includes having to fire Ian and most of the other employees. Ian and the rest of the employees side with the band and turn against Milo. Eventually, Jimmie Wing, the record executive who rejects Chazz in the beginning of the film comes to the radio station. The band signs a record contract and goes out on stage to play, only to realize that they are supposed to lip sync the song and fake playing the instruments. They refuse to lip sync while the music is playing and get a round of applause from the audience, who rush the stage. Afterwards, Ian becomes The Lone Rangers Manager and the band is sent to prison, but serve only a 3-6 month sentence. They record an album while in prison called "Live in Prison", which goes triple platinum.'] ["Mrs. Berry, a socialite, hires a psychiatrist to care for her son Randolph. He exhibits antisocial behavior and stays bedridden all day. The doctor determines that if he was exposed to other boys of a lesser social stature he will break out of his shell and resume his place in society. They contact a place in the city and hire six underprivileged kids to come out to the country to help out. The boys who arrive are not the boys who were originally hired, but a gang of misfits who are wanted for destroying a glass factory. They quickly help Randolph overcome his antisocial behavior and assist in capturing some thieves who broke into Mrs. Berry's residence while Randolph's birthday party was taking place. The boys are then discovered to be on the run from the police, but with the assistance of a judge attending the party, they surrender and agree to return to New York and face their punishment."] ["Police Inspector Ghote lives a middle-class life in Bombay along with his wife, Pratima. He has been employed with the Bombay Police for many years. His wife is generally disgruntled and wants a better life. He is assigned to investigate the deadly assault on a Parsi man named Perfect, who is the Secretary of Lala Heera Lal, a wealthy man with underworld links. Inspector Ghote commences his investigation and is displeased when his superiors ask him to work with a Swedish Forensic Expert by the name of Axel Svennson. Axel is thrilled to get a closer look at the working of the Bombay Police, but also realizes that Ghote may not be one of their best police officers. When their friendship develops, he gets invited to Ghote's house, and gets to meet Pratima. Their investigation, though Prima Facie simple enough, takes them through turns and twists that both had not expected - including corridors of power and corruption - and finally to the conclusion and the unmasking of the culprit behind this incident"] ['Five incorrigible crooks, frustrated by their disappointing career as bank robbers, decide to switch from bank heists to kidnapping European celebrities. Pretending to be terrorists, they kidnap their first hostage, singer Johnny Hallyday, and demand a huge sum of money to prevent further trouble. They receive their ransom money. They go on to kidnap other celebrities, and grow more successful with each kidnapping. Eventually they expand their targets and hijack planes, kidnap ambassadors, and even abduct the Pope.{{cite web}}'] ["A dying man finds that horses, blondes, and the Mob may end his life faster than cancer. Joe  is a regular guy who runs a flower shop and has never had much in the way of good luck. Things seem to be grim for Joe when he's diagnosed with a brain tumor, but a bit of good fortune appears on the horizon when he wins a jackpot at the race track. However, Hush , an exotic dancer who has fallen deeply in debt to a gang of thugs, steals Joe's newly won fortune to pay them off. Joe gets his money back by explaining to the gangsters what happened, but only because they mistake him for a syndicate kingpin they've heard about but never met. When the gangsters discover that Joe is a florist and not a career criminal, they find the situation less than amusing."] ['Otto Maddox , a young punk rocker living in Los Angeles, gets fired from his boring job as a supermarket stock clerk. He learns that his pot-smoking, ex-hippie parents have donated the money they promised him for finishing school to a crooked televangelist. Depressed and broke, Otto wanders the streets, until he falls in with Bud , a seasoned repossession agent, or "repo man", working for the "Helping Hand Acceptance Corporation" . Although Otto is initially disgusted by the concept of repossessing cars, his opinion changes rapidly when he is quickly paid in cash for his first "job". Otto joins the agency as a repo man himself. Otto soon learns that, as Bud had told him, "the life of a repo man is always intense." He enjoys the fast life style, the drug use, the real-life car chases, the thrill of hotwiring cars and the good pay. His old lifestyle seems boring by comparison. Otto meets a girl named Leila , who tells him that a 1964 Chevrolet Malibu from New Mexico contains four dead but still dangerous space-aliens in its trunk. Otto doesn\'t believe her, but the next day he reads that a reward of $20,000 is offered for the Malibu. Otto, Leila, a secret government agent, and rival Mexican repo men, the Rodriguez Brothers , all compete with each other to find and deliver the Malibu, which is being driven around Los Angeles by a scientist , who originally stole the aliens from Los Alamos National Laboratory and drove to California, slowly losing his sanity on the way due to the radiation emitted by the aliens.'] ['18-year-old Harry , is an innocent, bashful burger boy who lives with his overly attentive mother Kate. Harry\'s father left the family sometime before the events of the film, leaving Kate for another man. They live in a ratty old apartment, where Kate treats her son like a child, even going as far to draw his bath water and connect a wire to his reading lamp, shutting it off when Harry is busy to get his attention. One day, Archie [], Harry\'s oldest and best friend, goes to a strip club, where the boss owes Archie\'s mob boss money. Harry watches as Archie beats the owner, and snaps, releasing his rage out on the owner, pummeling him to the point where Archie has to pull Harry off to avoid killing him. Outside, both are visibly shocked by Harry\'s outburst, but Harry is shocked and confused at the fact that he liked it. Not long after, Archie\'s boss Abie Pinkwise, meets the two at a local diner, where he remarks how much potential Harry has in the mob business. He invites Harry to become his apprentice, and Harry accepts. After leaving, Archie attempts a heist at a small store, but backfires when the clerk holds him at gun point, sending him to jail. When Harry is told to ditch a car , by his bosses, he leaves evidence , and a witness. He is arrested but is proven to be loyal to his employers by keeping silent, despite being beaten by the police. Now trusting him, the bosses get him out of jail and take him out to celebrate at a brothel. When alone with one of the women, Harry is un-aroused, and timidly asks the prostitute if he seems normal. When he answers that he doesn\'t feel that way for neither men nor women, she gently replies that she isn\'t the kind of professional he should be talking to. He goes home dejected, and when his mother smells perfume on him the first signs of her jealous tendencies begin to show. As the months pass Abie shows Harry the ropes but when faced with killing someone, Harry hesitates, but ultimately does the crime, letting himself go as he did when beating the strip club owner. That night, upset by what he did, Harry goes to Louis Varga\'s house, only to find it empty, sans for Iris, his Hungarian maid. She offers him coffee, and it is here where Harry\'s alter-ego Madden, appears. With Madden in control, Harry frightens Iris and thus causes her to quit. Angry, Mr. Varga makes Harry apologize to Iris, and makes Harry say he is in love with her to prompt her to come back under Mr. Varga\'s employment. Hesitantly, Iris accepts Harry\'s timid offer and the two begin dating, with Harry actually falling in love with Iris along the way, much to his mother\'s anger and jealousy. When Archie finds a house that he likes, he is set on moving into it as a means to escape his mother\'s controlling nature, but when she moves with him, she decorates the house as a replica of their old apartment, much to her sons anger. Archie is then released from prison, and Harry hopes to get him back in the game as their getaway driver for a new hit coming up. However, the hit goes awry when it is revealed far too late that the man to be killed by both Harry and Abie, is actually Abie\'s long-lost uncle. Devastated, Abie pauses long enough for the police to be called, which is where Archie flees. Abie and Harry manage to escape. While Abie grieves at home, falling off the wagon after years of sobriety, Harry and "Madden" meet up again and this leads him to Iris\' house, where the consummate their relationship. Archie then comes forward with the promise of immunity, and flips on Harry and Abie. Both Abie and Harry keep quiet during the interrogation. The mob has the three released, but now that it is clear that Archie is a liability and cannot be trusted, Mr. Varga orders Abie and Harry to kill him. When Abie hesitates, still drinking and distraught over his uncle, Harry kills Abie himself, despite his friend\'s pleading. Once again, in this blood-lust haze, Harry seeks comfort with Iris. At Archie\'s funeral, Mr. Varga reminds Harry that when Abie drinks, he starts talking, and this makes him a liability. Mr. Varga hints that they may need to kill Abie to keep him silent. When Kate finds Iris\' hair in Harry\'s underwear, he admits to having and girlfriend and Kate calmly says she would like to meet her. The stress puts a strain on Iris and Harry\'s sex life, and even "Madden\'s one-track mind" is of no use . Worried for Harry\'s mental health, Iris resolves they really try, without Madden\'s help. The two go to a hotel, where they make love after Harry has her put on a morning veil. At the family dinner where Iris was to meet Kate, things seem to be going well, until Kate has her son go out for ginger ale, leaving the two women alone. When Harry returns he finds Iris gone, his mother having driven her away in a jealous rage. Harry admits that he may be in love with Iris and is about to go after her when his mother stops him. Harry remains home and breaks off contact with Iris, his mother\'s hold over him stronger than ever. Despite the fact that Abie has stopped drinking and is no longer a threat, Mr. Varga orders Harry to kill Abie anyway. Harry kills Abie with the same ice-pick he gave Harry earlier in the film, in front of a diner full of witnesses. More upset than ever, Madden is revealed again, and though he goes to first Iris, then a brothel for relief, he turns to him mother. It is revealed though flashbacks that Madden is truly Harry. Harry then has sex with Kate, who proclaims that she had waited "so long" for this. The next morning is mundane, Harry takes his usual bath while his mother is in the kitchen. He hears a thud and goes to investigate, and there finds his mother hanging from the ceiling. She killed herself. Mr. Varga calls Harry to inform him that they are relocating elsewhere, as Harry\'s act in the diner put them all under danger of arrest. Harry, clearly distraught from Kate\'s death, says that he will take his mother\'s corpse with him, and that she will "not get in the way" of their escape. Disturbed, Mr. Varga agrees to pick him up, only to attempt to kill him when Harry gets into the backseat. Harry draws his own gun and shoots both Mr. Varga and his henchman dead and takes the car to the bus station. Iris, who had left the city for California to be with her brother, is delighted to have Harry going with her. They sit on the bus, overjoyed to breakaway from the city and the mob altogether. Harry looks away across the seat with a smile, and shows Kate\'s body bag resting casually in the seat.'] ["A handful of soldiers are faced with the ultimate temptation, which affects their ethical standards in different ways. Perlaza , Lloreda , Venegas  and Porras  are four servicemen in the Colombian Army who are part of a counter-guerilla unit dedicated to ferreting out revolutionaries who have set up camp in the nation's jungles. Porras is married and a dedicated family man, while the others are single and like to party hard when they are not on duty. While cleaning up after an ambush by guerillas, one of the soldiers makes a surprising discovery — several tubs buried in the jungle which hold $40 million in cash, hidden by drug kingpins in cahoots with the guerillas. While Porras predictably maintains they should leave the money alone and tell their commander Lizarazo  about it, the others want to take the fortune for themselves. However, hiding $40 million from Lizarazo proves to be a difficult task, and spending the money without drawing attention to themselves is not much easier."] ['Based on a festival award-winning  short film, THE BROS. chronicles the adventures of underachieving misfits Pete and Lanny, a pair of wannabe "gangsta rappers," who set out on an all-night crime spree designed to establish their street cred. and provide the funding needed to pay for a studio recording session. Raised in a picket-fence paradise that\'s about as far removed from the ghetto as possible, this misguided pair of aspiring rappers determine to make a name for themselves by setting out on a manic night of low-level criminal conduct. When a bizarre twist of fate finds Pete and Lanny\'s incompetent criminal enterprise mistaken for benevolent heroism by the community, the pair quickly seize the opportunity to turn their fifteen minutes of fame into a successful hip hop career.'] ['Jesse Reilly was released from prison and he is to be married to Hope. Shortly before the wedding he is involved in a bank robbery with his friends Buzz Thomas, Teddy Pollack and Billy Phillips. It escalates to a hostage crisis, and the FBI is called. In an exchange of fire, a few men are shot. Hope and Jesse are then rescued by John G. Coleman in a helicopter. In the last scene, Jesse and Hope are shown raising their son.'] ['In the fictional country of Lugash, a mysterious thief breaks into the National Museum, sneaks past its elaborate security system, and makes off with the fabled Pink Panther diamond, leaving a white monogrammed glove with a gold-tinted "P" as a calling card. The Lugash Secret Police are brought in to investigate, and the Shah of Lugash requests the assistance of Inspector Clouseau . Clouseau has been demoted to beat cop by his boss, Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus , who despises Clouseau to the point of obsession. However, the French government forces Dreyfus to reinstate Clouseau as Inspector of the Sûreté so that he can go to Lugash to investigate the theft of the Pink Panther. Clouseau\'s investigations at the Lugash National Museum, which he nearly destroys, lead him to believe that Sir Charles Lytton , the notorious Phantom, is re-creating the most famous heist of his career. Clouseau is delighted at this, and sees his chance to get revenge on Lytton for framing him and temporarily sending him to prison in the first film. Sir Charles, having read about the theft, realizes that he has been framed. He goes to Lugash to investigate and clear his name. Although Clouseau fails to uncover any leads concerning the theft, his bumbling allows him to survive several attempts on his life by a mysterious assassin. After staking out  Lytton Manor in Nice, Clouseau is tricked into leaving France. He follows Sir Charles\' wife, Lady Claudine  to a resort hotel in Gstaad, Switzerland, where his attempts to investigate her repeatedly fail. Meanwhile, Sir Charles manages to discover the identity of the true thief - his wife . Because they were both bored with their quiet retirement, she stole the diamond for her own excitement, and sent her husband on a wild goose chase. Sir Charles makes a daring escape from Lugash and goes to Gstaad to find his wife and the diamond. Inspector Clouseau, who has unknowingly been on the trail of the real thief all along, receives a telephone call from Chief Inspector Dreyfus telling him to arrest Lady Claudine. However, when Clouseau calls Dreyfus back to ask why, he is informed that Dreyfus has gone on vacation and will not be back until the following week. Dreyfus, now revealed as the assassin trying to kill Clouseau, prepares to shoot him with a sniper rifle as soon as he enters Lady Claudine\'s room. Lady Claudine playfully confesses the theft to her husband, and hands the diamond over to him, so he can go about proving his innocence. They are cornered by Colonel Sharki  of the Lugash Secret Police, who intends to kill them both. It turns out he has been using the theft of the diamond as an excuse to purge his political opponents. Clouseau barges into the room to arrest the Lyttons. Sir Charles points out that Colonel Sharki is going to kill them all. Suddenly, Dreyfus opens fire on the room, and accidentally kills Sharki while aiming at Clouseau, who ducks at the last minute to check his fly. The Lyttons escape during the fray. For his work in recovering the Pink Panther, Clouseau is promoted to Chief Inspector, and vows to bring Sir Charles to justice. Lady Claudine\'s fate is not revealed to the audience, but it is implied she was not arrested. Dreyfus is committed to a lunatic asylum, where he is straitjacketed and placed inside a Padded cell, vowing revenge on Clouseau as the animated Pink Panther enters the room.'] ['Joey Boca  is the owner of a pizza parlor located in Tacoma, Washington, and has been married to Rosalie  for years. Rosalie is horrified to discover that Joey is a womanizer and has been cheating on her for a long time. Rosalie does not want to allow Joey the pleasure of having every woman he wants, so she refuses divorce. Taking extreme measures, she enlists the help of her mother , and co-worker Devo  to kill Joey in order to put an end to his infidelity. They also hire two incompetent, perpetually stoned hit-men . However, Joey proves impossible to kill. Despite multiple attempts to poison, shoot, and bludgeon Joey to death, he remains blissfully unaware that he is being targeted.'] ['Charlie McKenzie is a beat poet living in San Francisco, after having broken up with yet another girl based on paranoid perception. His policeman friend Tony tries to point out the pattern; that Charlie simply is afraid of commitment and tries to think of, or invent, any reason to break up with someone. Things pick up again when Charlie meets a butcher named Harriet, and becomes infatuated instantly. After a while of driving near her workplace, he goes in and volunteers to help her out that day, and eventually a date ensues that evening, with him learning various factoids about her. He learns she used to live in Atlantic City, used to be involved with a trainer for Russian martial arts, and screams at someone named Ralph in her sleep. The next day she is gone when he awakes, but her sister Rose, with whom she lives, is there and tries to get to know him a bit. She then kindly warns him to be careful. Meanwhile, Tony begins losing his enthusiasm for his job on the police force, frustrated that there is no action or comparison to how they portray it on TV. He tries to get his chief to become more short tempered, as per the stereotype in movies, by taking on bigger jobs. Charlie comes to Tony begging him to act as a voice of reason for the times ahead, not wanting to get hung up or paranoid about anything he may find odd about her. Charlie and Harriet begin falling deeper in love; he finds that she gets along great with his friends, they have perfectly matched passions, so he takes her to meet his parents. His parents Stuart and May are flagrantly Scottish, and tend to believe in conspiracy theories themselves, at which Charlie scoffs. His mother relies on the Weekly World News to keep her factually updated, and keeps them stacked up as reading material. Charlie picks one up in the bathroom, out of bemusement, and finds an article on "Mrs. X", a bride who kills her husbands on their honeymoon, who seems to perfectly match Harriet. The killer\'s three reported victims were a plumber named Ralph, a lounge singer from Atlantic City, and a Russian martial arts student. Now strongly suspicious of her, Charlie begs Tony to investigate. After finding that the husbands in question that have disappeared have been reported missing along with their wives, Charlie tries to let the issue go. Unfortunately his panic gets worse, suspecting her all the while but trying to cover it up, and eventually he breaks up with her. After a few days of gloom, Tony informs him that one of the husband\'s killers confessed. Charlie, realizing that he needs to make changes, rushes back to Harriet, informing her that he will see a therapist. He wins her over by playing one of his poems from her rooftop, and as they reconcile, every doubt he had gets disproved. Her friend Ralph was actually a girl, for example. At his parents\' 30th year anniversary, Charlie proposes to Harriet, and soon a wedding is underway. Later, they venture off to a secluded hotel up in the mountains for their honeymoon. Meanwhile, back at the police station, the chief informs Tony that the woman who had taken credit for the murder of the plumber was actually a compulsive confessor. Tony faxes a photo of Harriet to all of the known associates of the three missing husbands, and they all recognize her as their friends\' wife. Tony tries desperately to contact Charlie, but finds that the phone lines are down due to a storm where they are honeymooning, so he charters a plane. Upon landing he calls Charlie and warns him that Harriet is "Mrs. X", but before he can tell him anything else, their phone line gets knocked down, and the power goes out. Charlie desperately tries to escape, but Harriet finds him and begins acting unsettled and confrontational as he tries to leave her without letting on that he knows her traits. The endearing staff literally forces them into their hotel room to spend their first night together, and Charlie finds himself alone in the room with Harriet and an axe for the firewood. Harriet locks the door and begins telling him that she\'s been married before. He forces her into the closet and locks it, then looks down at their desk and sees a "Dear Jane" letter for Harriet, saying he has run away. Rose then leaps from the shadows and swipes at Charlie with the axe, stating that the husband "is never supposed to be in the room when the note is found", revealing herself to be the true killer. Charlie has no option but to run to the roof and try to evade Rose long enough for the police to show up. Eventually Tony leads the police into the hotel but arrests Harriet, still believing her to be the murderer. Rose swings the axe at Charlie and is thrown off the building, with only Charlie holding her up from falling to her death, prompting Tony to come to her aid. The authorities take her away, and Charlie and Harriet resume their lives afterward as a happy couple.'] ['A manhole opens at night in an empty street and out climbs Lieutenant-Colonel Norman Hyde  in a dinner suit. He gets into a Rolls-Royce and drives home. There, he prepares seven envelopes, each containing an American crime paperback called The Golden Fleece, half a £5 note and an unsigned invitation from “Co-operative Removals Limited” to lunch at the Café Royal. He posts the envelopes to former army officers, each in desperate or humiliating circumstances. They all turn up. Hyde dismisses the waiters and introduces himself. He hands out the second halves of the £5 notes and asks their opinion of the novel, in which a robbery is committed by experts. They show little enthusiasm and he expresses surprise given their backgrounds and asks: “You’re all crooks, aren’t you? Of one kind or another”. Touring the table, pouring out brandy, he reveals why they were obliged to leave the British Army and their unenviable present occupations: *Major Peter Race , a former transport officer who resigned before his black market ring was uncovered in post-World War II Hamburg. He earns a poor living in unlicensed gambling and lives at the YMCA. He prides himself on his breeding and addresses men as “old darling”; *Major Rupert Rutland-Smith  is the hen-pecked husband of a wealthy young woman who delights in pulling his strings because he depends upon her money. She has affairs to which he can only turn a blind eye; *Captain “Padre” Mycroft  was a quartermaster dismissed for public gross indecency. He is now a con-man impersonating vicars and priests; he also enjoys lewd books; *Captain Martin Porthill  was dishonourably discharged for killing suspected members of EOKA and now works as a piano player and is a kept man to middle-aged women; *Captain Stevens , one-time fascist follower of Oswald Mosley, is a homosexual running a gymnasium. He needs money to pay a blackmailer ; *Captain Frank Weaver , formerly of a bomb disposal squad, tried defusing a bomb while drunk, killing four of his soldiers. He has been a teetotaller ever since and owns a small shop fixing clocks and watches, living with his garrulous wife  and aging father-in-law; *Lieutenant Edward Lexy , a communications specialist dismissed for selling information to the Russians while in Berlin. He runs a struggling repair shop for radios and fruit machines, illegally reducing the payout on the latter on behalf of criminals. Hyde tells them he has no criminal record himself but does have a grievance for being made redundant by the army after a long career. He intends to rob a bank using the team\'s skills, with equal shares of £100,000 or more for each man. He asks them to consider his proposal. Major Race follows Hyde home. He is interested, but warns Hyde to keep an eye on the others. Hyde agrees, yet insists each man receive an equal share because, “the one, sure way to disaster is for someone to get greedy”. Race agrees, smiles, and says Hyde is “losing a friend, but gaining a second-in-command”, "I\'ll settle for that." The gang meet under the guise of an amateur dramatic society rehearsing Journey’s End to discuss the plan before moving into Hyde’s house and living a military regime of duties and fines, £100 to £500, to be deducted from the haul. Hyde knows that a million pounds in used notes is regularly delivered to a City of London bank and has details of the delivery.In the original script, on the DVD Special Edition, Hyde reveals that he regularly visited a dying bank employee who gave him all the details and that they have stayed the same ever since. What they need now is equipment to pull off the robbery. They raid an army training camp in Dorset for arms and supplies.In the original script, when Hyde reveals his intention to steal from the army, Lexy mutters "Yes, well who would like to play Napoleon this week?... Do me a favour! I mean, how long do they let you out for?", to which Hyde answers "I\'m glad your reactions are normal, Mr Lexy. That\'s precisely the effect I wanted". Hyde, Mycroft, Porthill and Race distract soldiers by posing as senior officers on an unscheduled food inspection. The others steal weapons while posing as telephone repairmen, speaking in Irish accents to divert suspicion to the IRA. The gang rent a warehouse to prepare. Race steals vehicles including cars and a truck which are fitted with false number plates. They are disturbed by a passing policeman who ironically offers to keep an eye on their premises as he patrols. In Hyde’s basement, the gang train with maps and models. On the eve of the operation, Hyde destroys the plans and recalls his former military glory. The robbery is bloodless and precise. Using smoke bombs, sub-machine guns, and radio jamming equipment, the gang raids the bank, near St Paul’s. The money is seized without serious injury and the robbers escape. At Hyde’s house, celebrations are interrupted by the unexpected arrival of Hyde’s old friend, Brigadier “Bunny” Warren , who drunkenly recalls the old days. One by one the members leave carrying suitcases filled with notes. Then the telephone rings; Hyde is told that police and soldiers surround the house. Leading the police is Superintendent Wheatlock  from whom Hyde learns the flaw in his plan. A small boy outside the bank had been collecting car registration  numbers, a common hobby at the time. The police, discovering the number, found it had been noted by the policeman who visited the warehouse. The policeman had also noted the number of Hyde\'s own car. Thus a link was established between the robbery and Hyde. Hyde is escorted to a Black Maria in which the League of Gentlemen are, “all present and correct”, each having been captured as they left the house.'] ["This hip-hop comedy from Roc-A-Fella Records' film division stars Beanie Sigel as a hot-headed hood bully that does small robberies to make some cash, Memphis Bleek as a thief of another crew, Myxt Matanza as the bodega owner and Jay-Z as the rapper himself. Kevin Hart plays a character who is part of a crew of thieves who does small time jobs like house breaking. Unfortunately, the crew itself is not exactly a highly polished operation, and the crew's capers result in comic mishaps far more often than actual thefts. They still manage to do some jobs like breaking into Jay-Z's house and robbing some of its material goods, but predictably, they receive prison time for robbery or aggravated assault"] ['Dr. Clitterhouse is a wealthy society doctor in New York City who decides to research the medical aspects of the behavior of criminals directly by becoming one. He begins a series of daring jewel robberies, measuring his own blood pressure, temperature and pulse before, during and afterwards, but yearns for a larger sample for his study. From one of his patients, Police Inspector Lewis Lane , he learns the name of the biggest fence in the city, Joe Keller. He goes to meet Keller to sell what he has stolen, only to find out that "Joe" is actually "Jo" . The doctor impresses Jo and a gang of thieves headed by \'Rocks\' Valentine  with his exploits, so Jo invites him to join them, and he accepts. Dr. Clitterhouse pretends to take a six week vacation in Europe. As "The Professor", he proceeds to wrest leadership of the gang  away from Rocks, making him extremely resentful. When they rob a fur warehouse, Rocks locks his rival in a cold storage room, but Clitterhouse is freed by a gang member Jo had assigned to keep watch on him. Afterwards, Clitterhouse announces he is quitting; he has enough data from studying the gang during their robberies, and his "vacation" time is up. He returns the gang to Rocks\' control. However, Rocks learns Dr. Clitterhouse\'s real identity and shows up at his Park Avenue office. Rocks tries to blackmail the doctor into continuing to plan the thefts. Clitterhouse learns that Rocks will not let him publish his incriminating research, and also realizes that he has not studied the ultimate crime &ndash; murder &ndash; so he poisons Rocks\' drink. Jo helps dispose of the body in the river, but it is recovered and the poison is detected by the police. The doctor is ultimately caught by his friend Inspector Lane and placed on trial. He insists that he did everything for purely scientific reasons and claims that his book is a "sane book" and that it is "impossible for an insane man to write a sane book". His determination to show that he is sane, and therefore willing to face the death penalty, convinces the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity.'] ['Madeline Rose "Maddy" Phillips  is a 12-year old girl who loves to climb. Her father Tom  has climbed Mount Everest so it runs in the family. Several years earlier, Tom fell more than 100 feet during a climb and because her parents Tom and Molly  are afraid she might hurt herself, they have ordered Maddy not to climb. Tom had some internal injuries from that earlier fall which he didn\'t know about and now the injury has paralyzed him from the neck down. There is an experimental operation costing $250,000 which can save him. Insurance won\'t pay for the operation and the family doesn\'t have the money. Harderbach Financial\'s president Brisbane  refuses to loan the amount and does so by putting loopholes in a contract Molly signed . When asked if he has a heart, Brisbane coldy responds, "This is not an emotional issue, Mrs. Phillips. A bank has no heart. Only paper in a vault". That is when Maddy first gets the idea to rob the bank. Maddy steals three go-carts from her father and convinces her two friends Gus  and Austin  to help her. They remain hesitant, so she tells both of them that she loves him and doesn\'t care for the other and gives half of her friendship necklace to each of them, claiming she has the other half and kissing them both on the cheek. They break into Harderbach Financial . They manage to break in, but with her mother at the hospital visiting their father, she is forced to babysit her younger brother Max . She and Gus progress to a room with thousands of security deposit boxes while Austin keeps the guards away from them. Maddy has to free climb to get to the exit when her hook gets caught in a crack when using the handhelds. She cracks the code  and they flee the room, unintentionally setting off the alarm as they didn\'t type the exit code. While escaping from the guard dogs at which point Austin demonstrates his dog-training skills, the trio is caught by Gus\' brother who tasers his partner  after understanding the situation. However, just before escaping, Gus and Austin find out that Maddy played them after seeing each others\' necklaces and leave her, but later come back for her. The three hop into their go carts, trailed by the police, but Austin holds all the cash in his cart, running out of gas. He then leaps into Gus\' cart, and they escape to the hospital. They rejoin with Maddy in time to disable police cruisers by popping the tires with jacks. When Mrs. Phillips arrives, Brisbane attempts to pass all the blame on her. But ultimately, he is rejected by a French man named Francois who says Brisbane\'s irresponsibility of having a party with an untested security system is a knucklehead move. Meanwhile, the kids make it to the hospital. However, they are caught up to by Maddy\'s mother, the bank security, the police, and the press. Maddy\'s mother then takes responsibility, saying that this was an authorized test for the bank\'s security. The following morning, Mrs. Phillips says what Maddy did was wrong, but apologizes as it was her over-protection that started all the trouble in the first place. The press sympathizes with them, allowing them to hold a fundraiser the day after earning enough money for Maddy\'s father\'s surgery. Even a friend named Mr. Hartmann  gives a "consultation fee" of $50,000 . At the go cart rally after the operation, Gus and Austin make Maddy decide who she loves. She sniffs both of them and causes a debate between them. While they do so, she backs away and they run after her saying who\'s the better boyfriend and the movie ends.'] ['A night watchman  checks out a sailor who has rowed up to the dock. The seaman stops him from bothering an obviously wealthy young woman who walks to the end of the pier, apparently waiting for someone. The sailor begins recounting her story and the film segues into one long, continuous flashback. Joe "the Greek" Adams  is a gambler and grifter with a couple of problems. First, he and his treacherous partner Zepp ([[Paul Stewart  have received draft notices to join the army for World War II. Fortunately, he has a solution. One of his underlings, Joe Bascopolous, has just died, and his status was 4F . So one of them can dodge the draft by taking his identity. They gamble for it; Zepp cheats, but Joe wins anyway. As it turns out, Zepp fails his physical examination. The other problem is a lack of money to bankroll his gambling ship. He talks the head of the local War Relief organization, Captain Veronica Steadman , into authorizing him to run a "charity" casino, promising to raise enough money to outfit a relief ship, despite the suspicions of her lieutenant, wealthy socialite Dorothy Bryant . Eventually, he even charms her. She tells her snobbish grandfather , to his great dismay, that "Joe\'s the first man I\'ve ever met I\'m afraid of. It\'s exciting." At one point, Joe teaches Dorothy Australian rhyming slang, for example "tit for tat" , "twist and twirl" , and "trouble and strife" . Later, he renames his gambling ship in her honor. On the day of the charity ball, Joe receives a letter addressed to Bascopolous, written in Greek. Curious about its contents, he takes it to a Greek Orthodox priest for translation. It turns out to be from Bascopolous\' mother in Greece, who wrote to tell her son about German paratroopers invading their village. She describes how every Greek man valiantly fought to the death, defending their country\'s honor. Moved, Joe spends several hours on a park bench, examining his life. At the charity ball, Joe\'s men use false bottoms in the cashboxes to steal most of the money. Joe has a change of heart and tells his right-hand man, the "Crunk" , that the money is going to war relief. But Zepp overhears what he says and forces him at gunpoint to collect the loot. Dorothy accidentally catches them in the act and thinks Joe is a willing participant. To protect her, he is forced to knock her out. Then, when Zepp briefly looks away, Joe attacks and kills him, but not before getting shot. Joe escapes through a window, leaving behind a trail of blood. Just when it seems to everyone that Joe is a heel, he sends the money back to Dorothy by way of his trusted friend Swede . He then loads up his ship with war relief supplies. Later, Dorothy is stricken when a policeman informs her that Bascopolous is dead. Then she sees the photograph of the dead man; it isn\'t her Joe. When the name of the ship Bascopolous worked on is mentioned , she knows where to find him. She rushes to the dock, just as the ship is departing for Europe. She begs Joe to take her with him, but he brushes her off and turns away to hide his own anguish. The ship is torpedoed and sunk on the return trip. Dorothy visits the dock each night, stubbornly waiting for Joe to return to her. The movie returns to the opening scene: Swede rows up in a dinghy one foggy evening and tells Dorothy\'s story to the new night watchman. Hoping that she would be present, he arranged for Joe to meet him there. But when Joe shows up at the other end of the pier, he wants to go out on the town to celebrate their last night in port rather than going back to their ship. Thinking quickly, the guard tells him he can\'t leave the dinghy tied up where it is. Joe and Swede argue about who has to move it. The watchman settles it by flipping a crooked, two-headed coin, ensuring Joe loses. When he walks to the end of the dock, Dorothy sees him and rushes into his arms.'] ["FBI agent Joe Devine  has been assigned to cook up an elaborate scheme to take down infamous mob boss John Gotti. He assumes the role of a Hollywood producer and tells all the right lies to enlist a stooge to help execute his sting. He finds unsuspecting wannabe writer/director Steven Schats , who'd do just about everything to get the chance to direct a feature. Schats falls hook, line, and sinker for the pitch, but what Devine doesn't tell Schats is that the movie will never be made. Everything goes according to plan &mdash; until Devine and his fellow agents start enjoying their new lives as Hollywood players a bit too much."] ['Novelist and college professor Larry Donner  struggles with writer\'s block due to his resentment towards his ex-wife Margaret , who stole his book and garnered mainstream success and critical acclaim with it. His subsequent obsession with Margaret\'s deception drives him half-mad and puts a severe strain on his relationship with his current lover, Beth Ryan , a fellow professor. Owen Lift  is a timid, middle-aged man who still lives with his overbearing, abusive mother . Owen fantasizes of killing his mother but can\'t summon the courage to bring his desires into fruition. As a student in Larry\'s community college writing class, Owen is given advice by Larry to view an Alfred Hitchcock film to gain some insight into plot development. He happens to see Strangers on a Train, in which two strangers conspire to commit a murder for each other, figuring their lack of connection to the victim will, in theory, establish a perfect alibi. Having overheard Larry\'s public rant that he wish his ex-wife dead, Owen forms a plan to kill Margaret, believing that Larry will, in return, kill his mother. He tracks Margaret down to Hawaii and follows her onto a cruise ship, apparently pushing her overboard while she tries to retrieve an earring that fell out. Owen returns from Hawaii to tell Larry of Margaret\'s death and that Larry now "owes" him the murder of his mother, lest he inform the police that Larry was the killer. After having spent the night drinking alone during the hours of Margaret\'s disappearance, Larry panics because he lacks a sufficient alibi. That, along with a news report announcing that the police suspect foul play, convinces Larry that he\'s the prime suspect. He decides to stay with Owen and his mother in an attempt to hide from the police. Larry meets Mrs. Lift, but despite her harsh treatment of him he refuses to kill her. Eventually, when Mrs. Lift drives Owen to breaking point, Larry finally relents and agrees to go through with the murder. The first attempt involves Larry smothering Mrs. Lift with a pillow while Owen is out bowling, but Larry backs down when he sees her eyes open, and narrowly avoids being seen by the police when they come by to question Owen about Larry\'s whereabouts. The second attempt involves Larry pushing Mrs. Lift down the basement staircase through the door which Owen earlier loosens, but it fails when Mrs. Lift bangs the door and it stays still. Larry tries the trap, but it is sprung and he is apparently killed, to Mrs. Lift\'s amusement. In retribution, Owen tries killing Mrs. Lift himself by blowing a trumpet in her ear to give her a heart attack. The noise wakes Larry up and they both inspect Mrs. Lift, but she suddenly wakes up and knocks Larry out in her delusion. Eventually, Larry flees the Lift home when Mrs. Lift recognizes him as a suspect from a news broadcast about his ex-wife\'s disappearance. He boards a train to Mexico and, surprisingly, Owen and Mrs. Lift come along so as to avoid having to lie for him. During the journey, Larry\'s patience with Mrs. Lift reaches its pinnacle when she impolitely gives him advice on writing. He follows her to the caboose with the intent of throwing her from the train, but Owen begins having second thoughts about having his mother killed and gives chase. In the ensuing fight, Mrs. Lift falls from the train but is rescued by Owen and a repentant Larry. Mrs. Lift is grateful at her son for saving her, but unappreciative of Larry\'s help and kicks him, resulting in him losing his balance, landing on the tracks, and breaking his leg. During his recovery in the hospital, Larry discovers that Margaret is still alive; she simply fell overboard by accident and was rescued by a Polynesian fisherman whom she has decided to marry. Much to his annoyance, Larry learns that Margaret plans to sell the rights of her ordeal for $1.5 million dollars. On the advice of a fellow patient, Larry chooses to free himself of his obsession with his ex-wife and instead focus on his own life, thereby freeing him of his writer\'s block, making him a happier man and mending his relationship with Beth. A year later, Larry has finished a novel based on his experiences with Owen and Mrs. Lift entitled Throw Momma from the Train. Owen visits and informs him that his mother has died  and that he\'s going to New York City for the release of his own book. Unfortunately for Larry, Owen reveals that his book is also about their experiences together. Thinking that his book has been scooped once again, an enraged Larry proceeds to strangle him, but stops when Owen shows him the that book is a children\'s pop-up book called, Momma, Owen, and Owen\'s Friend Larry with the story drastically altered to be suitable for children. Months later, Larry, Owen, and Beth holiday together in Hawaii, reflecting on the final chapter of Larry\'s book. Larry\'s and Owen\'s books have now become best-sellers, making them both successful writers as well as close friends.'] ["Ray  and his friends want to lease an old restaurant so they can tunnel from the basement of the restaurant to a nearby bank. Frenchy  covers what they are doing by selling cookies from the restaurant. The bank robbery scheme is a miserable failure, but after they franchise the business, selling cookies makes them millionaires. In the film's second act, Frenchy throws a big party and overhears people making fun of their decorating taste and lack of culture. She asks a man named David  to train her and Ray so they can fit in with the American upper class. Ray hates every minute of it, but Frenchy likes their new culture. What Ray and Frenchy don't know is that David is really just using Frenchy to get money for art projects he wants to do. Ray finally gets fed up and leaves Frenchy. David and Frenchy go to Europe for more cultural enlightenment and while there, she gets a call and finds out she's been defrauded by her accountants. She's lost everything including her cookie company, home, and possessions. David immediately dumps her. Meanwhile, Ray has gone back to being a crook and tries to steal a valuable necklace at a party. He has had a duplicate made and through a series of circumstances gets the duplicate and real one mixed up. At the party he finds out that Frenchy is broke so he leaves and goes to see her. He consoles her by saying he stole the valuable necklace and shows it to her. Her new-found cultural enlightenment enables her to tell the necklace was a fake; Ray has gotten the wrong one. But she produces a cigarette case that she has given to David as a gift and steals back when he dumps her. It once belonged to the Duke of Windsor. They reconcile, decide to sell it and go together to Florida."] ["In Los Angeles, Emily Brown is a kleptomaniac, addicted to pills and misses her jailed father and is also having therapy sessions trying to resolve her compulsion. She has a record in the police for shoplifting, and her mother Teresa is a compulsive shopper. The security guard Nick of the Bernstein's department store sees Emily through a camera and becomes fascinated for her. When Nick gets in trouble dealing ecstasy, he presses Emily to help him in a robbery of Bernstein."] ["José Luis Torrente is a lazy, rude, drunkard, sexist, racist, extreme-right-wing Madrid cop who lives in a decrepit apartment in a slum neighbourhood with his wheelchair bound father, whose disability checks are Torrente's only real income. One day, a new family of neighbours which owns and operates a fish store moves into the apartment below Torrente's and he becomes attracted to the young, nymphomaniac niece of the family, Amparo. In order to get close to her, he befriends her nerdy weapon enthusiast cousin, Rafi, by taking him to target practice and on his nightly patrol rounds through the neighbourhood. During their patrols, Torrente begins to suspect that criminal activity is occurring in the new local Chinese restaurant. His suspicions are confirmed when his father accidentally overdoses after eating a stolen food roll which was filled with packets of heroin. Torrente decides to crack the drug ring in order to regain his former status within the Police Force. Simultaneously, Torrente successfully attempts to seduce Amparo, who has sex with him after his father's overdose. Amparo's aunt, Reme, misreads her relationship with Torrente and believes that they are engaged. Torrente and Rafi sneak into the restaurant at night and witness El Francés, the underboss of the drug trafficking outfit run by a mobster named Mendoza, torturing and executing a delivery boy named Wang, who had lost a shipment of the heroin  and they overhear that the outfit will soon be receiving a major drug shipment from a mobster known as Farelli. The pair accidentally make their presence known and flee the restaurant on Rafi's fish delivery van while being chased by armed delivery boys. Torrente enlists the help of Rafi's equally nerdy friends: Malaguita, a martial artist, Bombilla, an electronics expert, and Toneti, a James Bond aficionado. The crew picks up Torrente's father from the hospital  and then prepare a reconaisance mission to discover the location of the drug deal. Toneti goes to the chinese restaurant while wearing a wire but quickly blows his cover and winds up revealing Torrente's name to El Francés before trying to escape through a window and falling to his death. El Francés and some of his goons raid Torrente's apartment but are attacked by Torrente's father, who wields a taser and some pliers, before the father suffers a heart attack and plummets down a flight of stairs. Nonetheless, they kidnap Amparo when she arrived to the apartment looking for Torrente. After discovering his father's death and Amparo's kidnapping, Torrente becomes despondent but soon after Lio-Chii, Wang's girlfriend and a waitress at the chinese restaurant who had once waited on a drunken Torrente, arrives and reveals the location of the drug deal, claiming she wants revenge for her boyfriend's death. Torrente, Rafi, Malaguita, Bombilla, Lio-Chii and Torrente's friend and informant Carlitos head over to the drug deal on an old warehouse outside town. The crew plan a very complex plot to bring down the deal and take the 50,000 pesetas that Mendoza brought but the plan goes raw from the start when Bombita accidentally blows himself and Farelli up with a bomb he'd set up as a distraction. Farelli's men and Mendoza's men begin shooting at each other and in the aftermath, most of the mobsters as well as Carlitos and Malaguita end up dead. Torrente guns down El Francés and ends up getting shot in the stomach himself, while Rafi goes to rescue Amparo . Rafi gets cornered by Mendoza but he's rescued when Lio-Chii shoots him in the back. In the aftermath of the shootout, Rafi gets congratulated by police commissioner Cayetano for helping in bringing down one of the most vicious local drug rings and he begins a relationship with Lio-Chii. Torrente gets taken away on an ambulance for his wounds. Cayetano sweeps the scene and discovers that the money is gone. In the ambulance speeding away, Torrente bribes the ambulance drivers and flees to Torremolinos with the 50,000 pesetas the he managed to swipe while no one was watching."] ["The Wrong Guy tells the story of dorky executive Nelson Hibbert , who gets passed over for a promotion. Nelson flees, unaware that security cameras have already revealed the identity of the true killer to the authorities. Nelson tries to escape to Mexico, but along the way he meets both the real killer  and the murder's investigator, Detective Arlen , who Nelson believes is trailing him. Chaotic events transpire and Nelson meets a narcoleptic farm girl, Lynn Holden . What follows is a bizarre series of misadventures marked with slapstick routines and constant one-liners."] ["After being falsely accused of stealing a truck, the East Side Kids are sentenced to a reform camp. Meanwhile, Danny's brother, Bill Collins, is accused of murder. The East Side Kids escape the camp to prove Bill's innocence."] ['Chili Palmer  helps Edie Athens , the widow of an executed friend, Tommy Athens , to resurrect a record company using the talents of young and talented female vocalist and songwriter, Linda Moon . The plot is complicated by several facts: * In a loan-shark subplot from Get Shorty of "who owns who", Chili makes deals and owns all the players as a "producer". * The Russian Mafia  are trying to kill Chili because he witnessed the execution of Athens. * Athens\' record company owes money to a gangster/producer, Sin LaSalle . Chili Palmer, after years of filmmaking, enters the music industry after witnessing the execution, by the head of the Russian mob, of his friend Tommy Athens, owner of a record company. Chili uses the opportunity to help his friend\'s widow, Edie Athens, manage the failing business, which owes $300,000 to the hip hop producer Sin LaSalle. Chili enters the music industry on the talents of a female entertainer, Linda Moon. Moon convinces Chili to take on her cause, getting out of contractual obligations to Nick Carr  and Raji , who has a gay Samoan bodyguard named Elliott , an aspiring actor and the butt of Carr and Raji\'s homophobic jokes. Carr and Raji take exception to Chili\'s intervention, and hire a hitman, Joe "Loop" Lupino  to kill Chili. In the meantime, Chili convinces Edie to produce Moon, hoping to resurrect Athens\' failing record company through a live performance with Aerosmith and Steven Tyler. LaSalle threatens Chili and Edie for payment of the $300,000, but they convince him to give them a few days to get the money plus the vig. When the Russians attempt to kill Chili, Joe Loop mistakenly kills Ivan Argianiyev ([[George Fisher , the Russian Mob hitman. Raji then kills Loop with a bat after Loop "disrespects" him. After Chili talks Linda into leaving Carr and his girl group, Carr tries to trick Chili by handing him a pawn ticket, claiming that Linda\'s contract was at the pawn shop owned by the Russians. This is actually a set-up by Carr to get Chili killed. Knowing about this trick, Chili hands the ticket to Edie, who turns it over to the police. Now the cops, instead of Chili, pay the Russians a visit. Believing that Carr tricked him, Bulkin and his men pay a visit to Carr\'s office while Sin LaSalle and the DubMD\'s are there. Insulted by Bulkin\'s racist remarks, LaSalle kills him. In the meantime, Raji sends Elliot to kill Chili. However, Chili befriends Elliot and tells him that he can help him out with his acting career. When Carr threatens Chili, Chili sends him to the hands of the police with a pawn ticket. Finally when Raji and Elliot threaten Chili, Chili again befriends Elliot, who turns on Raji after learning that Chili had gotten him an audition for a film and Raji erased the evidence of it on his answering machine. For all his smooth talking and flamboyant wardrobe, Raji finds himself in a firework conflagration which roasts him live on camera. Carr is arrested on murder charges when they find him with the bat used to kill Joe Loop. During all of this confusion, Chili squeezes in a dance scene with Edie (a nod to his "Twist Contest" scene, also with Thurman, in [[Pulp Fiction  and Moon gets her debut with Aerosmith. Finally, LaSalle becomes the producer for Moon and Elliot embarks on a successful acting career .'] ["Ace Connors is a con man. He's got phony stock certificates hidden in a cookbook. When he tries to sell a bogus oil investment to Dwight Chadwick at a Beverly Hills hotel, Dwight's attractive friend, Ricki Woodner, intervenes with a scam of her own. Ace is about to go to prison on another rap. He cuts a deal to reduce his sentence by testifying. This doesn't please his former partner in crime, Fly Feletti. A cop, Bob Simms, is assigned to accompany Ace on the train from Los Angeles to New York. The passengers include Ricki, who is falling for Ace and wants to help, and Fly, who wants Ace not to get to New York. Along the way, Ace and Ricki manage to get off the train in New Orleans to enjoy Mardi Gras together. He gives her the certificates for safekeeping. Fly makes his move, but Simms is able to beat him to the draw. Ace fears that con artist Ricki has taken it on the lam with his dough, but she turns up in the end, ready to wait for Ace till he's out of Sing Sing."] ["England, 1950. A gang of robbers led by the self-proclaimed George 'The Great' Brain  rob a bank, stealing £50,000. However, due to a mix-up, they are pursued and caught by the police. He manages to stash away the money in the trunk of a hollow tree, before he is collared. The gang are then sentenced to serve fifteen years in Wormwood Scrubs prison. Upon their release in 1965, the gang go back to the spot where they had left the money, only to find it is now a new town, and a housing estate has been built around the tree. To their chagrin they find that the tree is now in the grounds of the local police station, invitingly close to the wall. George and his gang take up rooms in a nearby house rented by a widow and her daughter. In order to provide a respectable front, George is forced to marry his longtime girlfriend Myrtle Robbins  who is not so enamoured about the idea of recovering the loot, and wants George to settle down with her. The incompetent criminals fail in their numerous attempts to get over and under the wall, all the while trying to conceal their true activities from their landlady, her daughter and a local police constable  who also stays there. Eventually when the men have botched an attempt to tunnel into the grounds, the frustrated women hatch their own plot to gain the money."] ['{{plot}} When a master thief, the Tornado, begins stealing expensive artifacts the Government of France assembles a Dream Team of International Detectives to solve the case. Inspector Clouseau  is reassigned from his task as a parking officer by Chief Inspector Dreyfus  to join the Dream Team in Japan, site of the Tornado\'s recent heist. While meeting with Clouseau, Dreyfus ends up being the victim to one of Clouseau\'s blunders; Clouseau discovered the wires Dreyfus set up in his office and set them off, bringing elite unit operatives. Oddly, Clouseau had the password to call them off on his medal : "Damburgert". At the airport, as soon as he is officially leaving France, news breaks that the Pink Panther Diamond has also been stolen . Clouseau travels back to the scene of the crime, where the other members of the Dream Team, Inspector Pepperidge , Vicenzo , Kenji , and Sonia  , are gathering. They go to Rome to investigate a black market fence, Alonso Avellaneda , who deals with The Tornado. Assuming he is The Tornado, the Dream Team question him while Clouseau snoops around. Avellaneda successfully vindicates himself by demonstrating that he lacks a bullet-wound to the right shoulder – the Tornado was shot in that shoulder during a theft over a decade ago. After they leave, Avellaneda meets with the Tornado himself . The Tornado reveals that one of the people on the Dream Team works with him. Later on that night, Clouseau and his partner, Ponton , spy on Avellaneda, using a bug they planted at the table they were sitting, as he takes a date out for dinner. Unfortunately, the mission is compromised when they find Vicenzo and Clouseau\'s love interest, Nicole , together at the restaurant. Having been banned for burning down the restaurant three months earlier, Clouseau disguises himself as a dancer and attempts to switch the bug to Nicole\'s table. In the process, he ends up burning down the restaurant again, thanks to knocking down a flambe a waiter is holding. At the same time, The Tornado steals the Pope\'s ring, an act which begins to turn public opinion against the Dream Team. When Clouseau\'s attempt to recreate the night the ring was stolen ends badly, he is voted off the team, with only Sonia sympathizing with him. Shortly afterward, Clouseau is called to an office where they see the Tornado has killed himself, and left a suicide note claiming he destroyed the Pink Panther – regarding it as being so beautiful that he could not bring anyone other than himself to own it – and left the other treasures to be recovered. Examining a key they found in the Pope\'s Chambers, they successfully match the DNA of the victim with DNA of the Tornado acquired when he was shot, and thus believe themselves to have solved the case. However, Clouseau is unconvinced and believes the Tornado was not the thief. For their victory in recovering the stolen items , a celebration is thrown in the Dream Team\'s honor. Clouseau, after seeing something on Sonia\'s car\'s licence plate, tries to convince Dreyfus that the real thief is still at large, but is ignored. Dreyfus relays to the group that Clouseau told him Sonia was the thief, and the group, treating the idea as a joke, works out a plausible explanation for how she could have done it; as the Tornado\'s ex-lover, she would have in-depth knowledge of his methods, and has set up a plan. She would make the Tornado steal all the other artifacts so all attention would be drawn to him. Then, Sonia could set him up, make him come out of hiding, kill him, forge a suicide note, and keep the Pink Panther, which was the only fencible artifact as it was the only treasure that could be broken down and sold off as smaller items rather than in its most famous form. Nicole suddenly realizes that Clouseau\'s story may actually be feasible, prompting Nicole to ask Sonia to conclude the joke by showing the contents of her purse, Clouseau claiming that the Pink Panther is in her purse. Disgusted by this indirect accusation, Sonia attempts to leave the party. As Sonia tries to leave, Nicole again asks her to take everything out of her purse. Sonia pulls out a gun, and after initially threatening to shoot Nicole, she shoots Clouseau, but the bullet hits the medal of honor he had received, ironically killing a waiter due to a ricochet. She then runs upstairs, with Clouseau and the rest of the Dream Team chasing her around the building, all but Clouseau making fools of themselves through various accidents caused by Clouseau\'s clumsiness. Finally cornered, Sonia threatens to destroy the Pink Panther, and Clouseau successfully goads her to do so. Sonia is subsequently knocked out by Ponton when she tries to flee during the distraction caused by the Pink Panther\'s destruction. Clouseau reveals that she had destroyed a fake gem he had switched with the real one before his departure from France , and that the Tornado, a master thief and a recognized authority on valuable gems, would have recognized this; therefore, his suicide note—where he praised the beauty of the gem in his possession—was forged and he was actually murdered. He reveals that he had given Sonia\'s car a ticket one day before the Pink Panther was stolen, contradicting her alibi of having been delayed to the crime scene because of her flight. Following the arrest of Sonia, Dreyfus tries to claim credit for having appointed Clouseau to his parking job, but Clouseau, remembering Dreyfus told him to deny this to anyone who asked, rebukes the claim. Clouseau later marries Nicole, though the wedding is short-lived after Dreyfus fires the cork out of the Champagne bottle onto a security device, causing elite unit operatives to storm the party in a manner similar to an earlier event in the film; the batteries in Clouseau\'s medal were dead, so he couldn\'t give the password. Clouseau and Nicole ditch the wedding and head for the airport for their honeymoon with the animated Pink Panther watching them leave. The film ends with the Pink Panther looking into the camera and winking (like in [[The Pink Panther  as he walks into the chaotic wedding and closes the door.'] ["Archibaldo de la Cruz  is a wealthy Mexican man. As a privileged child during the Mexican Revolution, he witnessed the death of his governess, who died as she told him a fable about a music box that his mother had just given him. Because of the contents of the story and the coincidental timing of the governess's death, a young Archibaldo concludes that he had killed the woman using the music box. It is from there that his desire to kill begins. As an adult, Archibaldo relates this story to a nun, and threatens to kill her with a straight razor. The terrified woman runs from Archibaldo, eventually running into an empty elevator shaft to her death. Archibaldo is called in by a judge investigating the incident. He confesses that he is responsible for her death, and for many others. Patricia Terrazas , is rather loud and constantly at conflict with her lover. After witnessing a fight between her and her lover, Archibaldo follows her and offers to drive her home, which she accepts. On arriving, he fantasizes of killing her with his straight razor, but is interrupted when her lover arrives home. The next morning a police officer arrives at Archibaldo's home, with news that Patricia had committed suicide. Next, Archibaldo turns his attention to Carlota Cervantes , a woman who outwardly appears very religious, and is purported to be a virgin. However, she is having an affair with a married man. Archibaldo approaches her saying that he is very conflicted between good and evil. He thinks that Carlota can fix his problems, and proposes to marry her. In the meantime, Archibaldo pursues another woman, Lavinia ([[Miroslava , whom he met in an antique shop, and later a bar. Lavinia works as a model for mannequins, and also shows American tourists around town. Archibaldo invites Lavinia to his home under false pretenses. He tells her that when they met, she reminded him of Joan of Arc being consumed by flames. He plots to strangle her and burn her in a kiln, but unexpectedly, the doorbell rings. It is Lavinia's tourist friends, the gringuitos. Lavinia has a disappointed Archibaldo take them on a tour of his home. When they leave, Lavinia says that she must go as well, and that she cannot see Archibaldo again because she is getting married. Just as this is happening, Carlota comes in with her mother to accept Archibaldo's proposal. But Archibaldo soon learns of her adulterous relationship, and is displeased. He fantasizes about making her kneel and pray on her wedding night, and shooting her while she is praying. The wedding goes through, however, her jilted ex-lover ends up shooting her instead. After having heard all of this, the judge says that Archibaldo has committed no crimes, and that merely thinking of killing people is not a crime. Archibaldo, despite his intense feelings of guilt, is deemed innocent. As if to be processing this unexpected reaction, Archibaldo takes a walk in the park. He then throws his music box into a lake, and moves on. He runs into Lavinia, whose marriage did not work out. The two walk together and the film ends."] [" Jordan Oliver  is caught embezzling $250,000 from his employer but, as he is the boss' son-in-law, is given a chance to pay it back. Meanwhile, his wealthy wife Clarice  is about to divorce him. He can only get the money by having his wife murdered for $1 million life insurance. He hires a hitman Bobo ([[Bill Dana  to kill his wife; Bobo subcontracts the job out to another hitman, who in turn subcontracts it out and so on until an actor is the hitman for just $6.95 When Oliver is told his wife's insurance is invalid, he must rescue his wife before she's murdered."] ['Virgil Starkwell  enters a life of crime at a young age. The "plot" traces his crime spree, his first prison term and eventual escape, the birth and growth of his family, as well as his eventual capture at the hands of the FBI. His multiple crimes include stealing paines of glass from Jewerly stores, Robbing pet stores, and carving bars of soap into guns to escape from jail. He also robs a man who turns out to be his former friend who reveals he is now a cop, and the movie ends with Woody admitting he got 700 years in prison, but " with good behavior, can get that cut in half" Starkwell grew up in New Jersey, and played the cello  in his towns marching band.'] [" Sir Hugo is more interested in reconstructing dinosaur bones than in paying attention to his wife, Lady Harriet. He's not thrilled when daughter Cleo brings home her betrothed, Sidney, who aspires to be a poet. The new butler, Fledge, provides Lady Harriet with the attention she's been missing and then seduces Sidney. Did he have a role in Sidney's disappearance as well?"] ['The film is about an unemployed banker, Henri Verdoux, and his sociopathic methods of attaining income. While being both loyal and competent in his work, Verdoux has been laid-off. To make money for his wife and child, he marries wealthy widows and then murders them. His crime spree eventually works against him when two particular widows break his normal routine. The film ends as Verdoux is being led to the guillotine in the prison courtyard after dismissing his killing of a few as no worse than the highly-praised killing of large numbers in war.'] ["Nicole Bonnet loves her father, but he is an art forger whose Paris home is filled with objects like a fake Vincent Van Gogh painting and a Cellini statue of Venus that is actually something her grandfather sculpted, using her grandmother as a model. To great fanfare, the Venus is loaned out by Charles Bonnet to be placed on public display at a museum. Nicole scolds her father repeatedly that he is risking exposure and imprisonment if he continues this deception. In the middle of the night, Simon Dermott is caught by Nicole in her house, removing the Van Gogh from the wall. Although she picks up a gun and accidentally shoots him in the arm, Simon charms his way into a second chance. He even persuades Nicole to drive him back to his hotel, where the only thing he ends up stealing from her is a kiss. A wealthy American named Davis Leland comes by, aggressively expressing his love for Nicole and the Venus, not necessarily in that order. He impulsively gives her a gigantic diamond engagement ring and implores her to sell him the statue at any price. Charles obliges the museum by signing a document insuring the Venus for a million dollars if it is damaged or stolen. He is unaware until it is too late that his signature also authorizes the museum to have the sculpture inspected by an art expert, simply as a formality to confirm its authenticity. Horrified that her father is about to be exposed for the crook he is, Nicole appeals to Simon to break into the museum and steal the Venus. He is reluctant, in part because the building is so heavily guarded, but also because he can't get Nicole to explain why she needs to steal a statue that her own family owns. Simon masterminds the burglary. He and Nicole hide in a closet, from which he is able to escape after business hours even after it has been locked. In the tight confines of the closet, Nicole's resistance to his charms ends when Simon reveals that he has sensed from the very beginning that the statue is a fake. He only went along with Nicole's heist scheme because he has fallen in love with her, and the truth is, he is not a burglar but a British private investigator specializing in art forgery, which is why Simon broke in to examine her Van Gogh that first night, not to steal it. He twice sets off the security system's loud alarms, annoying the guards as well as the politically influential neighbors. Guessing right that the alarms will be shut off permanently, Simon steals the Venus off its pedestal and hides it in Nicole's pail, which she is using to pose as a floor-scrubbing museum cleaning woman. They escape successfully. A day later, as news of the million-dollar robbery dominates the news, Davis is tipped off about an art expert who might be able to find it for him, stolen or not. That expert is Simon Dermott, who does indeed give the American both the artwork and the engagement ring, keeping Nicole for himself."] ['Switchboard operator Marie Lawson  is conned by admirer Nicky , who tells her it is just a practical joke, into redirecting a phone call. However, Nicky uses what he learns to his own benefit, costing the intended recipient a lot of money. When the victim complains to Marie\'s boss, telephone repairmen Terry Riley ([[Pat O\'Brien  and John  are called in to see if the phone was tapped. When it is found not to be, Marie loses her job. Terry is attracted to Marie and eventually talks her into a date. He also gets her hired by businessman John P. Schuyler , whom he had earlier saved from a live electrical wire. When Marie runs into Nicky later, she lets slip that her new employer is expecting a delivery of $90,000 in bonds. As a result, Nicky is able to fool the courier into thinking he is Schuyler and giving him the bonds while Marie is distracted by a flood of calls from his accomplices. When she realizes what has happened, she goes looking for Nicky, but this only serves to make her look guilty. Terry is questioned by the police and then released so he can lead them to her hiding place. It works and she is arrested. When an expensive lawyer shows up on her behalf, Terry becomes suspicious and taps his line with John\'s reluctant help. Finally, he is able to trace a call to where Nicky and his gang are hiding out. When he goes there, he is easily caught and placed in a bedroom after the phone is ripped out. However, he is not searched. He hooks up a spare phone he has and is able to contact John to bring help. The crooks are captured. Terry and Marie get married, but on their wedding night, many of Terry\'s co-workers show up to "repair" their phone.'] ['Dangerfield plays Jake Puloski, a comedic and friendly prison warden who runs a privately owned prison for white-collar criminals and less serious offenders. The trouble starts when Puloski\'s plans for renovating his rundown prison are ruined by his superior, Eli Rockwood , a greedy businessman who inherited the prison from his deceased parents, who rejects his budget request. Rockwood also informs Puloski that his contract as prison warden will not be renewed, which means that Puloski will be forced to retire in two months. This comes at the same time that Rockwood is in the midst of selling his company to the very wealthy Gloria Beaumont . Without the funds for a proper remodeling, Puloski decides to approach the problem by allowing a group of prisoners, Mile-Away , Next-Week, Jerk-Off , and Ears , to leave the prison to burgle a sporting goods store owned by Rockwood (on the condition that they are "back by midnight" before the guard Smitty . The plan meets many surprises however, complicating Jake\'s plan, including excitable store clerk Lance  and a sadistic security guard  with his vicious guard dog named Princess. As Jake distracts Smitty, the four bungling prisoners break into the store, distract the store\'s guard dog Princess with the prison\'s guard dog whom they had fed viagra to earlier that night, and make off with their stolen gym equipment, but on the way back to the prison one of their truck tires goes flat. As Ears and Jerk-Off look for a tire jack in a farm house, Next-Week and Mile-Away try to fast-talk their way past Sheriff Jack Hubbard , who it turns out is an old school chum of Mile-Away. Jerk-Off finds love with the farmer\'s sheep, alerting farmer Baxter , who comes out with a shotgun, sending Jerk-Off and Ears running away with no tire jack. As Sheriff Jack Hubbard and Mile-Away reminisce, Next-Week changes the truck tire with the tire jack Sheriff Hubbard loaned them. After picking up Ears and Jerk-Off from the side of the road, the four convicts head back to the prison. The next morning, the store security guard discovers that all the store\'s exercise equipment has been stolen, and his beloved dog Princess was "a slut". Sheriff Hubbard inspects the crime scene, promising Rockwood that he will catch the culprits. The security guard informs them that one of the security cameras was still operational and they may have footage of the culprits; however when they view it they find it has only footage of the two guard dogs. At the prison, the convicts are ecstatic with their new equipment and Jake feels very proud of himself. His team of burglars tells Jake that they think they should get the other items the prison needs by robbing the other fifteen stores owned by Rockwood in the area, justifying it because Rockwood had been fiddling with their budget in the first place. Jake agrees to the plan since he has only two months left of his contract anyway. As Jake distracts Smitty at the strip clubs, Ears, Jerk-Off, Mile-Away, and Next-Week rob Rockwood\'s other stores of their cash to pay for the renovations to the prison. Rockwood meets with Mrs. Beaumont to discuss their merger, while Mrs. Beaumont\'s pet monkey makes quick work of destroying Rockwood\'s office. Jake throws a Valentine\'s dance at the prison, inviting the wives and girlfriends of the convicts, where Next-Week introduces his girlfriend  and her friend Veronica  to his cousin Carlos . Veronica figures out that the convicts stole money from Rockwood to afford all the changes to the prison and Carlos has to kiss her to keep her quiet. Inside the dance, a riot breaks out due to another inmate stealing Jerk-Off\'s inflatable date, resulting in a scuffle , and a fistfight between the inmates. At the police station, Sheriff Hubbard discovers that a shoe left by Jerk-Off at the farm belongs to a prisoner uniform at Rockwood\'s prison. He goes to investigate, visiting Mile-Away and after a scene of interrogation Sheriff Hubbard leaves. Mile-Away warns Jake and Jake tells him to spread the word that there will be no more burglary jobs. Rockwood, however, has other plans. Along with Sheriff Hubbard, he creates a trap for the burglars in the form of a big weekend sale. The convicts read about the sale and decide to pull one last job to have some cash for themselves once they re-enter society. But Carlos demands to be a part of the job because he had to kiss Veronica to keep her quiet about the jobs, leaving Jerk-Off out of the job. At the store, Ears drills into the safe but Next-Week mistakenly leaves his cousin Carlos to roam. Carlos breaks into jewelry cases trying to take them but trips the alarm. Upon opening the safe, they find the safe is empty, then run outside and are caught by Sheriff Hubbard and the rest of the police department. Mile-Away escapes in the van to warn Jake. Mile-Away admits that they pulled one last job and Jake admits that Rockwood was firing him. Jerk-Off and Mile-Away enter the sheriff\'s department disguised as guards and manage to free Ears, Carlos, and Next-Week, escaping in the prison van, and entering a high-speed chase with Mile-Away riding with Sheriff Hubbard chasing the other burglars. Jake shows up at Rockwood\'s house trying to confess to the masterminding the burglaries but Sheriff Hubbard calls Rockwood from the road, hot on the burglars\' trail. Rockwood decides to chase down the burglars himself. Rockwood grabs a gun and has Jake ride with him, who are joined by Mrs. Beaumont, who has an odd attraction to criminals and high speed chases. The chase ends at the prison where Ears, Jerk-Off, Next-Week, and Carlos zoom through the gate pretending to be prison laundry returning. Rockwood follows them in and notices the changes to the prison and realizes Jake masterminded the robberies. Rockwood says he will turn Jake in until Mrs. Beaumont comes into the prison and tells Rockwood how much she loves how well he treats the prisoners. Mrs. Beaumont says after seeing how he runs his prisons she definitely wants to merge her company with his and have Jake oversee all the prisons. Jake agrees and tells his gang that they need to stop the robberies permanently. A year later Jake narrates, saying he retired and finally took the fishing trip he and Smitty had always talked about. Carlos and Next-Week were released first and were greeted by their women Veronica and Next-Week\'s girlfriend. Ears was released and led a decent life until he cheated on a game show using his super hearing and won a million dollars. Jerk-Off was married to his inflatable girlfriend and started a family; they had an inflatable baby boy. Mile-Away became Sheriff Hubbard\'s deputy and became a great crime fighting duo "when they weren\'t chasing criminals they were chasing each other."'] 