['Oldrich "Fajolo" Fajták , a student who directs quasi-existentialist verbal abuse at his girlfriend Bela Blažejová , takes off to a formally-volunteer summer work camp at a farm, actually mandated by the authorities, which inspires both him and Bela to start a relationship with someone else. A parallel story peels layers off Bela\'s permanently tense home life marked by her blind mother\'s  studied helplessness, and her father\'s  revealed infidelity and past break with his father  who happens to live in the village where Fajolo is finding some consolation in the arms of a fellow student-volunteer Jana . As Fajolo begins to pry into Bela\'s grandfather\'s secrets, she, in turn, allows her new boyfriend Peťo  to read and deride Fajolo\'s discursive and indirectly remorseful letters from the farm. The solar eclipse barely discerned by the main characters through thick clouds at the beginning of the film is echoed by summer and fall images of the sunJasmine Pogue, "Štefan Uher: The Sun in a Net  1963." as they present themselves to all of them at various points in the film through a fisherman\'s net from his pontoon on the Danube beyond the city\'s suburbs, which Fajolo and Peťo have discovered independently and use as a swimming deck, a place to ponder life, or to try to seduce Bela. When, however, Bela brings her mother and brother Milo  to the pontoon after a series of subdued interpersonal crises, the pontoon is on dry land because the water level has dropped, and the film ends with Bela and Milo lying to their mother about what they can see as they did about the visibility of the eclipse during the opening sequences.'] ['Germany is losing at all her fronts at the end of the Second World War. Young Miloš Hrma is engaged as an unpaid employee in a small railway station. The stationmaster, an enthusiastic pigeon-breeder, has a kind wife, but is envious of the train dispatcher Hubička\'s success with women. Miloš holds a platonic love for young conductor Máša. The experienced Hubička tries to explain to him the "matters of love" and discovers that Miloš is a virgin. The idyll of the railway station is disturbed by the arrival of the councillor, Zednicek, a Nazi supporter. Máša spends the night with Miloš, but he finds no success and, the next day, he attempts suicide. He is saved, and the doctor explains to him that ejaculatio praecox is normal at Miloš\'s age. The doctor recommends that Miloš seek the assistance of an experienced woman. During the nightshift, Hubička flirts with the telegraphist, Zdenička, and imprints her buttocks with the office\'s rubber stamps. Her mother complains to Hubička\'s superiors. The scandal prevents the stationmaster from becoming inspector. The Germans are nervous, since their trains are attacked and blown up by the partisans. An attack is also planned for this station. Young artiste Viktoria Freie delivers a bomb to the station. At Hubička\'s request, Viktoria also helps Miloš to "resolve" his problem with virginity. The encouraged Miloš sets up the booby-trap himself. The endeavor is successful, but the young man also dies during the course of events.{{cite book}}'] ['{{expand section}} The opening sequence is that of a spinning flywheel with shots of airplanes strafing the ground. The shots of the airplanes are most likely from World War II. The first scene shows the two main characters sitting in bathing suits. Their conversation is robotic and from that point on they decide to be bad. The next scene shows Marie I and Marie II dancing in front of a tree. The tree has many fruits and resembles the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil. Once Marie I eats from the tree, they both fall and appear in their apartment. There is significant action here, with Marie I looking through the window at a parade and Marie II eating. The next few scenes are all similar. They show the two girls on a date with an older man, a \'sugar daddy\'. Marie II eats voraciously and Marie I eventually starts acting like her, eating a lot of food. They eventually go to a night-club with 1920s-style dancers and cause a ruckus. Marie II also goes to the apartment of a man who is a butterfly collector. In this scene, there are a lot of butterflies shown as still frames. At the end, she says that she wants to eat. Later on, they go to a factory. There are still frames of locks, and the building looks run down. They look for "nourishment" and stumble upon a feast presumably set out for communist leaders. They eat the food, make a mess and destroy the room. It then cuts to them being dunked in water like witches. They decide to go back and make everything right again, and at the end a giant chandelier crushes them.'] ['Andula is a working-class woman living in a fading Czech factory town. After a party she sleeps with Milda, a pianist with the band who was visiting from Prague. A famous line is uttered as they are lying in bed afterward. Andula asks what Milda meant when he said she was "angular." He goes on to explain that a woman is shaped like a guitar. "And you, you look like a guitar too," he tells her, "but one painted by Picasso." They part ways, and when she doesn\'t hear from him again, she packs up and arrives on his doorstep in the big city. Milda is not home, and she meets his parents, who don\'t know what they should do with her. Milda comes home early the next morning, and it becomes clear to Andula that she is not wanted, so she returns to her home.'] ['The volunteer fire department in a small Czechoslovak town decides to organize a ball in a townhall with lottery and a beauty contest. The firefighters also plan to present a small ceremonial fire axe as the birthday gift to their honorary chairman who has cancer . During the ball the firefighter committee is assembled to look for eight candidates for the beauty contest, but they have difficulty to find enough of them. One of the fathers continues to buy drinks for the committee members to get his obese daughter accepted. During the ball the lottery prizes start to disappear from the table, especially food and drink disappear first. Josef, one of the firefighters suggests that the prizes have been stolen and tries to get them back without success - even his wife is involved in stealing. After much trouble enough candidates for the beauty contest are found and they are told that the winner will present a gift to their honorary chairman after the end of the contest. However, when the contest begins, the girls decide not to participate and lock themselves in the bathroom. Consequently, the firefighter committee uses force to draw the replacement candidates to the stage. Soon after that the siren sounds because the house of an old man is on fire. All people immediately begin to leave the townhall without paying for the drinks they consumed. With the fire engine stuck in the snow the firefighters can only save some furniture from the house but are unable to put down the fire. To help the old man who lost almost everything in a fire, the firefighters decide to present him the lottery prizes but almost all of them have been stolen during the ball . The firefighters order the people to return the stolen prizes when the lights go out but during the period of darkness the remaining items are also stolen. Realizing this, the fire board move to the backstage to discuss what they can do about the situation so their reputation will be saved. After they return to the hall all people are gone, with the exception of their honorary chairman. The committee presents him a gift box with the fire axe. But when the box is opened it turns out that the axe itself has also been stolen.'] ['During World War II, a mild-mannered Slovak carpenter Anton "Tóno" Brtko  is offered the chance to take over the sewing notions store of an old, near-deaf Jewish woman Rozália Lautmannová  as a part of the enactment of an Aryanization regulation in the town. As Tóno attempts to explain to Mrs. Lautmannová, who is oblivious of the world outside and generally confused, that he has come to be her supervisor and owner of the store, Imrich Kuchár , a Slovak opponent of Aryanization, steps in and reveals to Brtko that the business itself is less than profitable, as Lautmannová herself relies on donations. The Jewish community then offers the amiable Brtko a weekly payment if he does not give up the store, which would otherwise be given to a new, possibly ruthless Aryanizer. Tóno accepts and lets Mrs. Lautmannová believe he is her nephew who has come to help in the store. Their relationship grows, until the authorities round up the town\'s entire Jewish population for transport, and Tóno finds himself conflicted as to whether he should turn in the senile Mrs. Lautmannová, or hide her. When the woman finally becomes aware of the "pogrom" all around her, she panics, and in attempting to silence her, Tóno accidentally kills her. The realization devastates him, and he hangs himself.'] ['The film starts out with 13-year-old Valerie  sleeping in a gazebo and a thief comes in the night and steals her earrings. When she goes to investigate, she sees a horrific man before he covers his face with a weasel mask. The next day she is swimming in a pool and is then watching the water when the thief\'s arms suddenly return her earrings to her. Valerie walks to her house and falls asleep. She is walking on a bank watching lesbians at play in a natural waterfall. Back at her house, over breakfast, she talks to her grandmother and asks her about when the missionaries are arriving in town. During a neighbor\'s wedding, Valerie sees the man from last night watching her in the crowd and her grandmother reveals that it might be a past lover. While practicing piano, Valerie receives a letter finding out that there is a church sermon for all the town\'s virgins. After the service, Valerie finds Eagle, who sent her the letter and stole her earrings the previous night and he claims that the man in Valerie\'s yard and the wedding is a monster. After this, the "monster" leads Valerie to a chamber where she is forced to watch her grandmother torture herself for the love of her ex-lover, a priest named Gracian. Eagle saves Valerie and then tells her that the monster, whose name is Weasel, is in love with her and during a conversation with Valerie\'s grandmother, Weasel promises to make her young again on one catch: she has to sell him the house that Valerie is destined to inherit. Eagle gives Valerie a pearl and tells her that it will keep her safe. At a picnic with Gracian, he reveals that Weasel had two kids: Valerie and Eagle. That night, while undressing in her bedroom, Gracian comes in and attempts to have sex with her and she uses the pearl to kill Gracian via hanging. After this, Valerie is transferred to the bedroom of Hedvika, her recently wedded neighbor, and her husband where her grandmother and Weasel are, waiting for Hedvika\'s husband to seduce her so that he  can steal some of Hedvika\'s blood to make Valerie\'s grandmother young again.'] 