['The newborn son of Robert Thorn  and his wife, Katherine , dies shortly after birth in Rome. Robert is coerced by Father Spiletto ([[Martin Benson  into substituting for the dead child an orphan whose mother died at the same moment, without telling Katherine. Out of concern for his wife\'s mental well-being, Robert agrees. They name the child Damien Thorn . Soon after, Robert is named U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain. While posted in England, Robert is plagued by several mysterious events. Damien\'s nanny publicly hangs herself at his fifth birthday party and a new nanny, Mrs. Baylock , suddenly arrives to replace her, also bringing an evil Rottweiler dog with her. Father Brennan  is aware of Damien\'s satanic origins and he explains them to Robert, who refuses to believe him. Brennan also warns Robert that his wife is pregnant, that Damien intends to kill the unborn child and that eventually he will kill Robert, too. The priest subsequently dies when a lightning rod falls on him and impales him through the side of his neck. Katherine tells Robert that she is pregnant but miscarries when she is knocked off a balcony by Damien. Following Father Brennan\'s death, and while piecing together other clues, photographer Keith Jennings ([[David Warner  begins investigating Damien after noticing marks on photographs of people that seem to predict their subsequent deaths. Keith travels with Robert as they investigate Damien\'s birth. They visit the Rome hospital but find that a fire destroyed the hospital records and maternity and nursery wards. Robert and Keith visit Father Spiletto at a rural monastery and discover he has been burned on his right half and struck mute. They are sent to a ruined cemetery and find a jackal\'s skeleton in Damien\'s mother\'s grave, and discover that Robert and Katherine\'s child was murdered to place Damien in their care. These shocking discoveries force Robert and Keith to believe Father Brennan\'s warning that Damien is the Antichrist. While Robert is away, Katherine is recuperating in the hospital from her injuries. All seems to go fine, when Mrs. Baylock suddenly appears and pushes her through a window, sending her body crashing into a parked ambulance. Robert travels with Keith to Israel to find Bugenhagen, an archaeologist who knows how to stop the Antichrist. Bugenhagen reveals that Damien will possess a birthmark in the shape of three sixes if he is the Antichrist. Robert learns that the only way to kill Damien is to stab him with the seven daggers of Megiddo. Refusing to murder what he believes is an innocent child, Robert throws the pack of daggers away from them. When Keith bends to retrieve them, a sheet of glass slides off a runaway truck, flies into him, and decapitates him. Horrified by Keith\'s death and having recovered the daggers, Robert returns to England and finds the birthmark buried under the hair on Damien\'s scalp. Mrs. Baylock attempts to murder Robert, but is stabbed through the side of her neck with a carving fork. Robert flees his residence with Damien, to kill him on hallowed ground, and is pursued by a security detail. After breaking into a church, Robert raises a dagger to stab Damien but is shot and killed before he can do so. Damien is placed in the care of the U.S. President, who is Robert\'s brother. They attend the funeral of Katherine and Robert, who receive an honorable burial and blessing by a Catholic priest. The camera then pans down on Damien, who turns to the audience and smiles innocently while "Ave Satani" plays.'] ['At an archaeological dig in Northern Iraq, archaeologist Father Lankester Merrin  visits a site where a silver Roman Catholic medallion along with a small stone amulet resembling a grimacing, bestial creature are found buried together. Meanwhile, Father Damien Karras ([[Jason Miller , a young priest at Georgetown University in Washington, DC, begins to doubt his faith while dealing with his mother\'s illness. A friend, Father Joe Dyer , tries to advise and console him. While making a film near her temporary residence in Georgetown, actress Chris MacNeil  notices dramatic and dangerous changes in the behavior of her 12-year-old daughter, Regan . Chris initially believes Regan\'s changes are related to puberty; however, doctors suspect a lesion on her temporal lobe. Regan endures a series of unpleasant medical tests. When X-rays show nothing out of the ordinary, a doctor advises that Regan be taken to a psychiatrist, whom she assaults. Paranormal occurrences continue, including a violently shaking bed, strange noises, and unexplained movements. A film director, Burke Dennings , visiting the MacNeil home, dies violently, found at the bottom of steps that run the full length of the house. Lieutenant Kinderman  investigates, and informs Karras that Dennings\' head was found completely twisted around his shoulders. He also speaks with Chris and promises to return when Regan is feeling better. Just after Kinderman leaves, Chris is brutally attacked by her daughter, leaving her with facial bruises. When all medical explanations are exhausted, doctors recommend an exorcism. In desperation, Chris consults Karras, who is both a priest and a psychiatrist. During a period in which Karras observes Regan, she constantly refers to herself as the Devil. Karras initially believes her to be merely suffering from psychosis, until he records her speaking in a strange language which turns out to be English spoken backwards, and he is later shown Regan\'s abdomen where the words "help me" rise in relief in the form of Regan\'s handwriting. Despite his doubts, Karras decides to request permission from the Church to conduct an exorcism. Merrin, an experienced exorcist, is summoned to Georgetown to perform the exorcism, with Karras assisting. He and Karras try to drive the spirit from Regan. The demon threatens and taunts both priests, both physically and verbally . Merrin requests that he and Karras take a break, whereby he administers to himself the viaticum, a sign of his impending doom at the hands of the demon. Merrin excuses the younger priest and begins the exorcism, once more on his own. Karras returns to find Merrin has suffered a fatal heart attack. He attempts to perform CPR to no avail, but Regan is proud of it. Karras strikes and chokes her, challenging the demon to leave Regan and enter him. The demon does so, whereupon the priest regains enough control and throws himself through Regan\'s bedroom window and falls down the steps outside. At the bottom, a devastated Father Dyer administers last rites as Karras dies. Regan is restored to health and does not appear to remember her ordeal. Chris and Regan leave Georgetown and their trauma behind. They return Karras\' silver medallion to Dyer, who takes one final look down the steps behind the house and departs.'] ['{{Plot}} Robert Thorn , an American diplomat stationed in Italy, is told that his son died soon after birth. To spare the anguish of his still unconscious wife, Katherine , Robert accepts the suggestion of the hospital\'s Catholic priest, Father Spiletto  to secretly adopt another newborn whose mother died in childbirth. Robert and Katherine raise the boy as their own and name him Damien. Robert\'s career ascends over the course of the next five years. He is named Deputy Ambassador to the Court of St. James , and after the ambassador dies in a bizarre accident, becomes Ambassador and settles in to a large estate just outside London. However, disturbing events start to revolve around Damien , the most prominent being his nanny hanging herself at his birthday party, driven to do so by a large black belgian sheepdog. Soon afterward, Robert is approached by Father Brennan , who delivers an eerie warning and seems to know the truth about Damien\'s birth, at which point Robert has him escorted out. Meanwhile, photographer Keith Jennings  finds that several of his photographs contain mysterious signs, later revealed to foreshadow a series of shocking deaths. A new nanny, Mrs. Baylock , is hired and tells Damien that she has been sent to protect him. Tension between Mrs. Baylock and the Thorns rises when the nanny starts to make decisions against their wishes, including bringing a large watchdog  to the home without their consent. On the way to the previous nanny\'s funeral, Damien becomes terrified as they approach the church, attacking Katherine. That night Katherine experiences a first premonition/nightmare dream about Damien. The following day a field trip to the city zoo ends with various species of primates going berserk at the sight of Damien. Katherine suspects that there is something not right about her son, but Robert brushes off her concerns. Robert is again confronted by Father Brennan, who tells him that Damien must die and a man called Bugenhagen, located in Megiddo, can show him how. Enraged, Robert sends him away again. Caught in a torrential storm, Brennan attempts to seek shelter in a church, but the door is mysteriously bolted. A lightning bolt strikes the church steeple, causing him to be impaled by a large steel rod which falls from the roof. Upon discovering she is pregnant, Katherine wants to have an abortion, fearing another child like Damien. Robert refuses to consider it. While watering plants on an upper floor, Katherine is knocked off a chair by Damien riding his scooter, and tumbles over the railing. He ignores her pleas for help and she falls several stories, severely injuring herself and suffering a miscarriage. After the bedridden Katherine begs her husband, "Don\'t let him kill me.", Robert finally accepts that something is amiss with his son. Fueled by Father Brennan\'s warnings and further information from Keith Jennings, Robert and Jennings go in search of Damien\'s real mother. After meeting a nun in Rome, they discover that the hospital where Damien was born burned down. They then go to a monastery in Subiaco and meet Father Spiletto, now wheelchair-bound and badly disfigured, who tells them where Damien\'s mother is buried. They find the grave of Maria Avedici Santoya, Damien\'s real mother, in the old cemetery of Cerveteri, and discover that it contains the skeleton of a jackal, implying that Damien cannot be human. In the neighboring tomb, Robert discovers the corpse of a human infant with a cracked skull, revealing that his biological son was murdered at birth. He and Jennings are suddenly attacked by a pack of rottweilers, and barely escape. Meanwhile, Mrs. Baylock visits Katherine in the hospital under the pretense of delivering flowers and then induces an air embolism by introducing air from an empty syringe into her IV, killing her. After learning of Katherine\'s death, Robert decides to follow Brennan\'s advice and kill Damien. He goes to Megiddo and meets Bugenhagen , who tells them that Damien is the long-prophesied Antichrist, and the only way to destroy him is to take him to holy ground and kill him with the seven sacrificial daggers of Megiddo. To prove his claims, Bugenhagen tells Robert to examine Damien for the 666 birthmark. Robert at first expresses disbelief, refuses to kill his son and leaves. However, Jennings is determined to go through with the plan, and picks up the daggers. After a brief exchange of words with Robert, he is suddenly decapitated by a falling sign. This pushes Robert to change his mind. Robert arrives home during a torrential storm. The dog attacks but Robert manages to trap it. He then goes upstairs to Damien\'s room and quietly cuts away Damien\'s hair to reveal the 666 birthmark. Mrs. Baylock attacks suddenly, but Robert is able to fight her off and takes Damien outside to his car. Mrs. Baylock pursues them and Robert runs her over with the car. Robert, pursued by the police, drives to a church to kill Damien on consecrated ground, but as he is about to use the sacred dagger, he is killed by an officer of the Diplomatic Protection Group. Robert\'s funeral{{spaced ndash}}shown in parallel to the death of the Pope{{spaced ndash}}is attended by the President of the United States. After the service is over, the Secret Service informs the President that his car is waiting. The President is seen to be holding the hand of Damien, whom he has presumably adopted. The last shot shows Damien slowly turning to give the camera a diabolical smile.'] ['A week after the burial of Robert and Katherine Thorn, archeologist Carl Bugenhagen  asks his friend Michael Morgan  to deliver a box to the guardian of Thorn\'s young son, Damien. He reveals that Damien is the Antichrist and that the box contains a warning and the means to kill Damien. As Morgan is unconvinced, Bugenhagen takes him to the ruin of Yigael\'s wall, showing him an ancient depiction of the Antichrist with Damien\'s face. Morgan is now convinced, but the two are buried alive as a tunnel collapses. Seven years later, 12-year old Damien  is living with his uncle, industrialist Richard Thorn  and his wife, Ann . He gets along well with his cousin Mark , Richard\'s son, with whom he is enrolled in a military academy. However, he is despised by Aunt Marion , who favors Mark and thinks Damien a bad influence, even threatening to cut Richard out of her will if he does not separate the two boys. The same night, the appearance of a raven wakes her and causes a fatal heart attack. Through a friend, Dr. Charles Warren , who is the curator of the Thorn Museum, Richard is introduced to journalist Joan Hart . She was a colleague of Keith Jennings ([[David Warner  from the previous film. Having seen Yigael\'s Wall, she draws a link to all the deaths that surrounded Damien, including Jennings\'s. She tries to warn Richard, but he throws her out of his limousine. After a confrontation with Warren and Ann Thorn at the Thorn Museum, she becomes unsure as to whether Damien\'s face matches the painting on Yigael\'s Wall. Hart goes to meet Damien at his school, but, when she sees his face, she drives off in a panic. On the road, her car\'s engine mysteriously dies. She is attacked by a raven, which pecks her eyes out. It flies away and, blinded, she wanders into the street where she is run over by a passing truck. At Thorn Industries, manager Paul Buher  suggests expanding the company\'s operations into agriculture; however, the project is shelved by senior manager Bill Atherton , who calls Buher\'s intention of buying up land in the process immoral. At Mark\'s birthday, Buher introduces himself to Damien, invites him to see the plant, and also speaks of his approaching initiation. Buher seemingly makes up with Atherton, who drowns after falling through the ice at a hockey game the following day. A shocked Richard leaves on vacation. As Richard agreed to the agriculture project in principle and left him in charge of the company, Buher then initiates the plans on his own. Meanwhile, at the academy, Damien\'s new commander, Sgt. Neff , takes the boy under his wing and warns him not to draw any attention to himself until the right moment. He also points him to Revelation, chapter 13, in which Damien reads about the beast. Finding its number, 666, scarred onto his scalp, he flees the Academy grounds in a terrified panic, distraught at being chosen as the vehicle for Satan\'s will. Another Thorn employee, Dr. David Pasarian , alerts Buher that some people were murdered after having refused to sell their land. Before Pasarian can inform Richard the next day, his is the victim of a fatal accident at work. He and his assistant are killed by toxic fumes released from machinery that mysteriously exploded. The accident injures Damien\'s class, who were visiting the plant. Damien alone is unharmed, but is taken to the hospital as a precaution. A doctor  discovers that Damien\'s blood cell structure resembles that of a jackal, but, before he can report this, he is cut in half by a falling elevator cable. Meanwhile, Bugenhagen\'s box has been found in the ruins and delivered to the Thorn Museum. Dr. Warren opens it and finds the Seven Daggers of Megiddo, the only weapons able to kill Damien, along with a letter explaining that Damien is the Antichrist. Warren rushes to inform Richard, who angrily refuses to believe it and throws him out of the house. The next day, Richard confronts Anne with the letter, but she convinces him that it is preposterous. Mark, who overheard Richard\'s altercation with Warren, confronts Damien, who first reluctantly and then proudly admits to being the Devil\'s son. Damien tries to convince Mark that he truly cares for him as his brother and asks Mark to join him, but Mark refuses. Damien kills Mark by introducing an aneurysm into his brain. Shaken by his son\'s death, Richard follows Warren\'s invitation to New York. A half-crazed Warren takes him to Yigael\'s Wall, stored in a cargo carrier, on which a horrified Richard sees Damien\'s image. Seconds later, a switching locomotive impales Charles and crushes him against the carriage, destroying the wall and convincing Richard beyond doubt that Damien is the Antichrist. Upon his return, Richard has Damien picked up from a ceremony at the academy and argues with Ann about him. When they find the daggers in Warren\'s office in the Thorn Museum, Ann uses them to kill Richard, proclaiming that she "always belonged to him". Ann is then engulfed by a fire, caused by Damien who overheard the altercation from outside. Damien, now heir to Thorn Industries, exits the museum and is picked up by the family driver, Murray, as the fire department arrives.'] ["The story concentrates on a child of mysterious origin called Delia , who is adopted by two attorneys, Gene  and Karen York . At first, all seems normal, but Jo, their nanny with remarkable psychic powers, begins to learn aspects of Delia's personality that become very suspicious. Jo takes her to a fair for other people with psychic powers. All of them sense trouble at Delia's arrival, such as the tarot reader's Devil card and the blind seer's distress when she nears him. When Noah, Jo's friend, takes a picture of Delia and sees very dark colors, which is like her personality, Noah finds out she is evil. When Delia finds out what they're up to, she gets angry and the whole place catches fire. When meditating with Delia to help her discover why Delia is so full of negative energy, Jo finds out who Delia really is, and is pushed out the window by Delia's rottweiler. Increasingly alarmed and suspicious of her adoptive daughter, Karen hires a private investigator to learn the identity of Delia's real parents. What follows is a string of bizarre accidents, resulting in Karen falling into a paranoid state as she fears people are conspiring against her. What's worse, Karen's pregnancy increases her feeling of paranoia around Delia. It is revealed that Delia is the daughter of Damien Thorn, the Antichrist, thus the granddaughter of Satan. After delivering her son Alex, Karen goes to the doctor who knows the truth about Delia and finds out that the Antichrist is not Delia: she is the protector of the antichrist. The antichrist is in fact Delia's twin brother, whose embryo was carried inside Delia and then implanted into Karen by the doctor. Karen kills the doctor then heads home to try to kill Delia and her baby, the 666 symbol shown directly on his palm. At first, the viewer is unable to tell who was shot, as the camera pans out to a view of the house. However, at the end it is shown that Karen has killed herself."] ['Following the grisly suicide of the U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain , 32-year-old international conglomerate CEO Damien Thorn  is appointed in his place, an office his adoptive father Robert Thorn once held. Unlike the previous Omen films, Damien is aware of his unholy lineage and of his destiny. An alignment of the stars in the Cassiopeia constellation causes the generation of a \'superstar\', described as a second Star of Bethlehem. Thorn realizes it is a sign of the Second Coming of Christ and orders all boys in England born on the morning of March 24, 1982  to be killed in order to prevent the Christ Child\'s return to power. One of Thorn\'s disciples, Dean, attempts to hide that his own son was born on that date. Thorn has also become romantically involved with journalist Kate Reynolds , a relationship which puts his plans for political dominion on hold. But Damien is not deterred and focuses his attention on her young son Peter , whom Thorn takes as a disciple, manipulating the boy\'s desire for a father figure. Meanwhile, Father DeCarlo  and six priests hunt for Thorn, hoping to kill him before he can find and destroy the Christ Child. They are armed with the seven daggers of Megiddo, the only ancient holy weapons that can harm the Antichrist. However, Damien systematically eliminates each of the priests until only DeCarlo remains. Damien senses that the "Christ Child"- Jesus returning to Earth a second time- will be born on March 24. Throughout England, all male infants born on March 24th are executed by Thorn\'s disciples. The last is the child of Dean and his wife Barbara. Damien confronts Dean about Barbara talking with DeCarlo, and demands that he kill his son. Dean refuses and flees. Meanwhile, Thorn\'s dog threatens the child, but Barbara drives it away. Then she has a vision of her son as a burnt offering. This causes her to fall under Damien\'s control and she picks up an iron. Shortly afterwards Dean enters the house where he is killed by Barbara. Finally, DeCarlo tells Reynolds that the Christ Child is out of his reach, in spite of Thorn\'s efforts. In hopes of getting her son back, she agrees to take Thorn to the Christ Child in exchange for Peter. This is part of DeCarlo\'s plan to lure him into a trap. He hopes to ambush Damien and catch him off guard, since his attention will be directed towards confronting Christ. The plan backfires when Damien spots DeCarlo first and uses Peter as a human shield against the dagger. As Peter lies dying, Damien strangles the stunned Father DeCarlo. In a desperate bid to salvage his waning power, Damien calls out for Christ to appear before him. As he does, Kate sneaks up behind Damien with one of the daggers and stabs him in the back, releasing a wail of demonic agony. After Damien dies, his body is seen lying on the ground with Kate standing over it. In the foreground, DeCarlo reappears carrying Peter\'s body and hands him to Kate, who was praying. The film ends with scripture of Revelation chapter 21, verse 4 indicating that when Christ returns to earth, peace will reign for all who faithfully awaited the Lord\'s return.'] 