['{{Expand section}} A reformed jewel thief tries to clear a society beauty of murder charges.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/81715/The-Lone-Wolf-Meets-a-Lady/'] ['A young Lakota Sioux  is adopted by a wealthy Jewish couple. When he ages he gets in touch with his cultural roots.'] ['London police constables are being killed by a man calling himself "Mr. X" . By chance, one of the murders occurs around the same time and place as a diamond robbery, leading Police Commissioner Sir Herbert Frensham  to suspect the same man is responsible for both, much to the annoyance of the thief, Nicholas "Nick" Revel , and his confederates, taxi driver Joseph "Joe" Palmer  and insurance clerk Hutchinson . After another slaying, Sir Christopher Marche is arrested as a suspect, as he had drunkenly quarreled with the latest victim shortly before his death. However, Nick provides him with an alibi. As a result, he becomes acquainted with Marche\'s grateful fiancée , Jane Frensham ([[Elizabeth Allan . The two are attracted to each other. Meanwhile, Sir Herbert becomes convinced that Nick is Mr. X and puts him under constant surveillance. When the commissioner learns that his daughter has gone alone to Nick\'s flat, he sends Marche a message supposedly from Nick urgently requesting that they meet. When Marche finds the couple alone together, though they are not doing anything untoward, he breaks off his engagement with Jane. Nick decides to give up his life of crime for Jane. He mails back the jewel. However, when Joe warns him that Hutchinson has been picked up for questioning, he realizes that it is only a matter of time before his associate gives him up. Nick discovers that the locations of the murders form an X, which provides him with the site of the next crime. He disguises himself as a policeman and flushes the real killer out. After a struggle, Mr. X is fatally injured, but before he dies, he boasts to Sir Herbert how he close he came to fulfilling his goal of one murder for each of the 15 years he spent in prison.'] ["A wealthy playboy/private-investigator named Cody Abilene is hired by a Government Intelligence Operative to investigate a lead into who is selling computer technology to the Russians. While investigating rich socialites, amorous naked vixens, an ex-con with a penchant for blackmail, and keeping it all from his sexy lady cop friend Beverly Mcafee, Cody puts himself in the crosshairs of the traitorous tech-spies who will gladly kill to stay in business. The scope of the conspiracy is revealed after Cody and Beverly make love at a suspect's beachhouse, only to find a pair of hitmen gunning for them as they get dressed. Gunplay, car chases and races ensue."] ['Set in the fictional English village of St. Mary Mead, home of Miss Jane Marple , in 1953, a big Hollywood production company arrives to film a costume movie about Mary, Queen of Scots and Elizabeth I with two famous movie stars, Marina Rudd  and Lola Brewster . The two actresses are old rivals who hate each other. Marina, who is making a much heralded comeback after a prolonged "illness" and retirement, when she, in reality, has had a nervous breakdown, and her husband, Jason Rudd , who is directing the movie they are making, arrive with their entourage. When she learns that Lola will be in the movie as well, she becomes enraged and vents her anger. Lola and her husband, Martin N. "Marty" Fenn , who is producing the movie they are making, then arrive. Excitement runs high in St. Mary Mead, as the locals have been invited to a reception held by the movie company in a manor house, Gossington Hall, to meet the celebrities. Lola and Marina come face to face at the reception and exchange some potent and comical insults, nasty one-liners, as they smile and pose for the cameras. The two square off in a series of hilarious and cleverly written and performed cat-fights throughout the movie. Marina however, has been receiving anonymous death threats. After her initial exchange with Lola at the reception, she is cornered by a gushing, devoted fan, Heather Badcock , who bores her with a long and detailed story about having actually met Marina in person during World War II. After recounting the meeting they had all those years ago, when she arose from her sickbed to go and meet the glamorous star, Babcock drinks a cocktail that was made for Marina and quickly dies from poisoning. The incident is unfortunate for Marina\'s mental state, and she is beside herself. Everyone is certain she was the intended murder victim. Once filming begins on the movie, she discovers that apart from threatening notes made up of newspaper clippings, her cup of coffee on the set has also been spiked with poison, sending her into fits of terror. The police detective from Scotland Yard investigating the case, Inspector Dermot Craddock , is baffled as he tries to uncover who is behind the attempt on the life of the actress and the subsequent murder of the innocent woman. The suspected are Ella Zielinsky , Jason\'s production assistant who is secretly having an affair with him and would like Marina out of the way, and the hotheaded actress Lola Brewster. Inspector Craddock asks his aunt, the renowned amateur detective Miss Jane Marple, who injured her foot at the reception and is confined to her home, for assistance. The main suspect, Zielinsky, is then killed by a lethal nose spray after going to a pay phone in the village, where she called the murderer and threatened to expose him. Miss Marple, now back on her feet, visits Gossington Hall, where Marina and Jason are staying, and views where Babcock\'s death occurred. Working from information received from her cleaning woman, Cherry Baker (played by [[Wendy Morgan , who was working as a waitress the day of the murder, the determined elderly sleuth begins to piece together the events of the fatal reception and solves the mystery. By the time she has collected all the evidence to indicate who committed the crime, however, another death occurs at Gossington Hall, which sadly closes the case on who the murderer in St. Mary Mead actually is: Marina Rudd, who has apparently committed suicide. In the film\'s denouement, Miss Marple explains the murders that have occurred. Heather Babcock\'s story was Marina\'s initial motive. Ms. Babcock suffered from German measles — a rather harmless disease to most adults, but problematic for a pregnant woman. Heather Babcock innocently infected Marina when she met her during World War Two. Marina was pregnant at the time; the disease caused her child to be born with mental retardation. Upon hearing Heather cheerfully tell this story, Marina was overcome with rage and poisoned her without thinking. She then spread the idea that she was the intended victim, delivering the death threats and poisoning her own coffee. Ella, who made phone calls to various suspects from the pay phone, accidentally guessed correctly, prompting Marina to murder her. As Marina is now dead, she will not be brought to justice. Jason, her devoted husband, confesses to Miss Marple that he actually administered the dosage of poison to save her from prosecution. However, Marina didn\'t touch the hot chocolate he made for her and rather poisoned herself.'] ['The British Navy in Port Said is making plans for naval maneuvers with the French fleet. Plans are delayed because the British Secret Service has been warned about possible sabotage. On a ship docking in Port Said is Madame Delacour  the wife of the French naval admiral. Delacour and her daughter Marie  are befriended on board by the charming Eric Norvel , the goofy Rollo Venables , and someone posing as Mr. Moto . Norvel reveals his true nature when the ship docks and he lures Mr. Moto to his death. This “fake” Mr. Moto turns out to be a fellow agent of the real Mr. Moto  who is posing as a curio dealer Mr. Kuroki. Norvel takes Delacour and Venables to a variety show which features Fabian the Great , a ventriloquist. Fabian is the leader of the gang of saboteurs which includes Hakim ([[John Davidson , Captain Hawkins , Danforth , and Norvel. Danforth is actually a British Secret Service agent named Burke. Moto listens in on their conversation and is almost captured, but Burke helps him escape. Norvel is given the task of finding out from Delacour when the French fleet is due at Port Said. Fabian is staying at a bar called “Connie’s Place” run by a British expatriate named Connie Porter . Porter had been smuggled out of Britain by Fabian when she was on the run from the police but she doesn\'t know Fabian\'s true occupation. She thinks he is in a smuggling racket. The bar is across the street from Kuroki’s  curio shop where Venables purchases a scarab ring. Venables is then mugged in the street only to be saved by Moto’s judo skills. The suspicious Fabian thinks that Kuroki is actually Moto and so enlists Connie to follow him the next day. She sees Moto visit the Port Commandant\'s office where he learns about the salvage ship "The Vulcan" which is captained by Hawkins. Fabian also discovers that Danforth is the secret agent, Burke. Fabian lures Burke to "The Vulcan" and reveals his plan to blow up the French fleet and blame it on the British. He then kills Burke by trapping him in a diving bell. Norvel gets the information that is needed and tells Fabian at the theater. Connie overhears the conversation and threatens to call the Port Commandant, but Fabian convinces her to go along with him. Hakim tries to kill Moto with a bomb, but Moto escapes the explosion and follows Hakim to a warehouse. Moto enlists Venables to help but Venables is tricked by Norvel. After a fight, Moto and Venables are tied up in sacks and thrown into the ocean but not before Moto tricks Hawkins and grabs a piece of sharp metal. Connie can\'t bear to see such violence and goes to call the police. Fabian knocks her out and proceeds with his plans. Moto escapes underwater and frees Venables who goes to inform the police. Norvel dives down to await a signal from Fabian but Moto overpowers him and prematurely detonates the explosives that were meant to destroy the French fleet. Resurfacing, Moto fights with Fabian but Connie shows up and shoots Fabian. Moto discovers the saboteur\'s plans in Fabian\'s dummy but never reveals to the audience what country tried to engineer a war between France and England.'] ["The cow town of Spurline is effectively ruled by Virgil Renchler , owner of the Golden Empire ranch. One night, some of Renchler's hands beat a young laborer, Juan Martín, to death. The newly elected sheriff of Spurline, Ben Sadler , decides to investigate the matter. During his investigation, he must contend with Renchler's henchmen and the fierce opposition of the townspeople, who fear Spurline would be ruined without the Golden Empire's business."] ['Dr. Watson is serving as resident doctor at Musgrave Hall in Northumberland, a stately home which is also used as a hospital for a number of servicemen suffering from shell shock. Watt enlists the help of Holmes after his assistant is attacked. Scotland Yard detective Lestrade also arrives after the first in a series of murders which seem to be tied up with an ancient and apparently meaningless family ritual. Holmes investigates, and discovers that the ritual points to the hiding-place of a land grant, which would make the owner fabulously wealthy. Holmes finally confronts the killer in the crypt in the Manor, and although held at gunpoint, manages to elicit a confession and turn him over to the police.Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] ['Down-and-out New York detective Eddie Mallard  finds himself involved in the weirdest case of his career when a wealthy man asks for his help in stopping his ex-wife  from harassing him. Mallard finds that the case may be too much for him when he discovers that the woman died ten years ago – and that he is falling in love with her. This movie was originally created for HBO.'] ['Trixie Zurbo is an eccentric woman who longs to quit her job as a security guard in a department store and become a private detective. She finally gets her wish when she takes a job in security at a casino. She accidentally becomes involved in a murderous plot and Trixie takes her first case; however, her unschooled command of the English language and comedy intervenes and the mess begins.'] ['In December 2002, Mikael Blomkvist , publisher of Millennium magazine, loses a libel case involving allegations he published about billionaire financier Hans-Erik Wennerström . He is sentenced to three months  in prison, and ordered to pay hefty damages and costs. Lisbeth Salander , who is a surveillance agent has been contracted to investigate Blomkvist by a lawyer, Dirch Frode , on behalf of his sole client, Henrik Vanger , the elderly patriarch of the wealthy Vanger family. Before the publisher is imprisioned, Vanger hires Blomkvist to investigate the disappearance of his great-niece, Harriet, who vanished on Children\'s Day in 1966. Vanger believes that Harriet was murdered by a family member. When Salander is told that her legal guardian has suffered a stroke, she is instructed to meet lawyer Nils Bjurman ([[Peter Andersson , who takes control of her finances. Bjurman, a sexual sadist, forces Salander to perform fellatio on him in return for access to her bank account. At their next meeting, he beats her, handcuffs her to his bed, and anally rapes her, not knowing that Salander is recording the incident with a hidden video camera. After Salander recovers from the rape, she pays Bjurman an unexpected visit. She stuns him with a taser and ties him up. She compels him to relinquish control of her finances and in one year\'s time to recommend termination of her state guardianship. Failure to comply with her demands will result in the release of the DVD evidence of her rape to the media. Salander tattoos Bjurman\'s abdomen with the message "I am a sadist pig and a rapist". Blomkvist moves into a cottage on the Vanger estate. Vanger tells him that his three brothers were all members of the Swedish Nazi Party. Of the three, only Harald is still living. Inside Harriet\'s Bible, Blomkvist finds a list of five names alongside what might appear to be phone numbers. He visits police inspector Morell , who informs him that his investigation team had been unable to decipher them. Using photographs taken during the Children\'s Day parade, Blomkvist believes that Harriet may have seen someone that day who may have killed her. Using her access to Blomkvist\'s computer, Salander interprets the meaning of the numbers next to the names and sends an email to Blomkvist. Upon discovering that his computer has been hacked, Blomkvist is directed by Dirch Frode to Salander\'s apartment. He convinces her to help him with the case, and she joins him at the cottage. Together, using the clue that Salander discovered, they connect all but one of the names on Harriet\'s list to murdered women. They are all Jewish names, leading Blomkvist and Salander to suspect that the murders were motivated by anti-Semitism. They suspect the reclusive Harald Vanger  to be the culprit, as the two other Vanger brothers had already died by the time Harriet disappeared. Salander searches through Vanger\'s business records to trace Harald to the crime scenes, while Blomkvist breaks into Harald\'s house, believing it to be unoccupied. When Harald attacks Blomkvist,, Martin Vanger appears, thus saving him. He escorts Blomkvist to his home, where Blomkvist reveals what he and Salander have uncovered. Martin drugs him. In the meantime, Salander discovers that Martin and his father were responsible for the murders. She returns to the cottage to find Blomkvist missing. Blomkvist wakes to find himself bound in Martin\'s cellar. Martin confesses to decades of rape and murder of women, but denies killing Harriet, saying she disappeared. Salander appears and attacks the killer with a golf club. While she frees Blomkvist, Martin flees in his car. Salander gives chase on her motorcycle. Martin drives his car off the road and dies in a fiery crash as Salander watches without attempting to rescue him. Salander reveals there were two Anita\'s, only one of whom died. Blomkvist flies to Australia to seek out Harriet who is living under her dead cousin Anita\'s name. He and Harriet return to Sweden. Reunited with Henrik, Harriet reveals that she killed her father Gottfried, who, along with her brother Martin, had been sexually abusing her. Fearing the abuse by Martin would start again when she saw him at the Children\'s Day parade, she had fled the estate with Anita\'s help. Salander visits Blomkvist in prison and gives him new information on the Wennerström case. After his release from prison, Blomkvist publishes a new story on Wennerström in Millennium, which ruins Wennerström and makes the magazine a national sensation. Wennerström is found dead, and his offshore bank account in the Cayman Islands is raided. The police suspect a young woman caught on CCTV. Blomkvist is convinced that she is Salander in disguise. The film ends with the same woman walking along a sunny beach promenade.'] ["Emily Boynton, stepmother to the three Boynton children – Lennox, Raymond and Carol – and mother to Ginevra, blackmails the family lawyer, Jefferson Cope, into destroying a second will of her late husband that would have freed the children from her dominating influence. She takes herself, the children and her daughter-in-law Nadine on holiday to Europe and the Holy Land. In Jerusalem, the great detective Hercule Poirot meets up with a woman friend, Dr. Sarah King, who falls in love with Raymond Boynton to Emily's disapproval. Lady Westholme, her secretary Miss Quinton and lawyer Cope are following them too. The children discover the second will and Emily succeeds in rubbing the rest the wrong way, causing much hatred towards her. At a dig, Emily is found dead. Poirot investigates."] ['Lou Francis  and Bud Alexander  have just graduated from a private detective school. Tommy Nelson , a middleweight boxer, comes to them with their first case. Tommy recently escaped from jail, after being accused of murdering his manager, and asks the duo to accompany him on a visit to his fiancée, Helen Gray . He wants her uncle, Dr. Philip Gray , to inject him with a special serum he has developed which will render Tommy invisible, and hopes to use the newfound invisibility to investigate his manager\'s murder and proved his innocence. Dr. Gray adamantly refuses, arguing that the serum is still unstable, but as the police arrive Tommy injects himself with it and successfully becomes invisible. Detective Roberts  questions Dr. Gray and Helen while Bud and Lou search for Tommy. Helen and Tommy convince Bud and Lou to help them seek the real killer, after Tommy explains that the motive for the murder occurred after he refused to "throw" a fight, knocking his opponent, Rocky Hanlon , out cold. Morgan , the promoter who fixed the fight, ordered Tommy\'s manager beaten to death while framing Tommy for the crime. In order to investigate undercover, Lou poses as a boxer, with Bud as his manager. They go to Stillwell\'s gym where Lou gets in the ring with Rocky Hanlon. Tommy, still invisible, gets into the ring with them and again knocks out Hanlon with the illusion that Lou did it, and an official match is arranged. Morgan urges Lou to throw the fight, but when the match occurs , poor Hanlon is knocked out yet again. Morgan plans Bud\'s murder which is thwarted by Tommy, who unfortunately is wounded in the battle and begins to bleed badly. The protagonists rush to the hospital where a blood transfusion is arranged between Lou and Tommy. During the transfusion, Tommy becomes visible again. Unfortunately, some of Tommy\'s blood has apparently entered Lou,who briefly turns invisible, only to reappear with his legs inexplicably on backwards.'] ["When a young English man is convicted of murder and sentenced to hang, his sister and her fiance, convinced of his innocence, ask visiting detective Charlie Chan to investigate the crime and find the real murderer. In order to solve the mystery, he must visit a lavish country manor house in England where the suspects vary from the housekeeper to a lawyer. Events soon indicate that the murderer is still actively trying to avoid capture, but Charlie Chan must set a trap to reveal the criminal's identity."] ["The film is set amongst a group of gungnyeo, or palace women in Korea during the time of the Joseon dynasty, and is primarily about the hidden dynamics that unfold between them. Sworn into secrecy, submission, and celibacy, the women of the palace officially devote their lives to the well-being of the royal family. Currently, the kingdom has no heir to the throne, and at such a time, the royal concubine Hee-bin  has given birth to a son. The queen mother wishes for the queen to adopt the child as her own, but Hee-bin hesitates proceeding with this, fearing she will be disposed off once the adoption is official. One morning, as the court maids go about their work, one of them, Wol-ryung , also Hee-bin's most trusted maid, is found dead, hanging from the rafters of the palace roof. Initially assuming it to be suicide, Chun-ryung , the royal medic, discovers as she proceeds with the autopsy that Wol-ryung was actually strangled. She also discovers that there are signs that the maid had given birth at some time in the past, which would have been absolutely forbidden under palace rules. Ignoring orders from her superiors to wrap up the case quickly, Chun-ryung sets off in search of answers. Amidst a tangled web involving suspicion of Wol-ryung's involvement in an affair with a teacher at the nearby school, the torture of a mute court maid, a beheading, and finally the records of the king's nightly visits to his concubine, an elaborate scheme spearheaded by Hee-bin's advisor transpires, where Wol-ryung was chosen to bear the crown prince, and later murdered to hide the truth of the baby's origin. When exposed, the advisor imprisons Chun-ryung, overpowers Hee-bin and makes off with the baby. She is however intercepted in the forest by the ghost of Wol-ryung, and is murdered. The ghost later also visits the royal palace, and kills the queen mother, thus removing the last obstacle between the crown prince and the throne. The baby is later discovered in the forest by Chun-ryung. The next day, as the palace women mourn the death of the queen mother in white robes, they simultaneously also witness the coronation of the new prince in the arms of Hee-bin and the transfer of power to new hands."] ['Lamont Cranston assumes his secret identity as "The Shadow", to break up an attempted robbery at an attorney\'s office. When the police search the scene, Cranston must assume the identity of the attorney. Before he can leave, a phone call summons the attorney to the home of Delthern, a wealthy client, who wants a new will drawn up. As Cranston meets with him, Delthern is suddenly shot, and Cranston is quickly caught up in a new mystery.'] ['Harry Moseby is a retired professional football player working as a private investigator in Los Angeles. He is dedicated to his job, but his dedication does not make him happy or powerful in his personal life, and his wife Ellen is unfaithful to him. Aging actress Arlene Iverson hires Harry to find her trust-funded daughter Delly Grastner, distracting Harry from his marital problems as he tracks the lascivious runaway teen to Florida. In the Florida Keys, Harry has an affair of his own with Paula, and succeeds in locating Delly, even as he learns that finding her is only the beginning of a much larger case. As the "accidental" deaths multiply, Harry discovers that everyone has his or her own motives and that he cannot do much to stem the tide of deep-seated depravity.  The most quoted line from Night Moves occurs when Moseby declines an invitation from his wife to see the movie My Night at Maud\'s: "I saw a Rohmer film once. It was kinda like watching paint dry."<ref nameLoose Ends in Night Moves |firstJackson |authorlinkSenses of Cinema |issueJuly 11, 2010 |urlKehr |firstDave Kehr |workÉric Rohmer, a Leading Filmmaker of the French New Wave, Dies at 89 |datehttp://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/12/movies/12rohmer.html}} Penn himself is an admirer of Rohmer\'s films;{{cite book |last1Arthur |last2Michael |last3Paul |titleUniv. Press of Mississippi |pagehttp://books.google.com/books?id2008 |isbn"I saw a Rohmer film once...": The truth behind the Night Moves meme |urlEmerson |firstJanuary 11, 2010 |publisherJackson />'] ['Charlie Chan works with a public defender to clear a man wrongly convicted and scheduled for execution.'] ['A hard-drinking female investigator named Hoyle  sets out to locate a reclusive genius ([[John Newton  who may be able to distort reality. Instead she finds her life becoming more and more fragmented and surreal. Trusting only her partner  and a sexy lounge singer , she is shadowed by a dangerous man ([[Peter Mayhew .<ref nameBuchanan |firsthttp://www.allmovie.com/work/yesterday-was-a-lie-430812 |titleAllmovie.com |date2010-04-01}}'] ['Rhoda Montaine learns that her first husband, Gregory Moxley, is still alive, which makes things awkward for her, since she has remarried Carl, the son of wealthy C. Phillip Montaine. She turns to Perry Mason for help, but when he goes to see Moxley, he finds only his corpse. Rhoda is arrested for murder.'] ['Prominent London psychoanalyst Dr. Leo Whitset is discovered injured from a gunshot wound in his home by his housekeeper, and as he lies dying he whispers, "Blame no one but me." These words lead the coroner to rule the death a suicide, a verdict questioned by one of Dr. Whitset\'s patients, Alex Stedman, a popular American news commentator for British television who has been in therapy since the deaths of his wife and daughter. The dead man\'s fourteen-year-old daughter Catherine is certain he was murdered and enlists Alex\'s aid in finding the killer in order to preserve her father\'s reputation. Catherine provides Alex with the names of three other patients. Sir Frederick Belline is a respected judge, Alfred Price-Gorham runs a prestigious art gallery with his assistant Miss Humphries, and Anne Tanner is a corporate secretary. As Alex investigates their backgrounds, he discovers each of the three, like himself, harbors a secret known only by the murdered man. Hoping to find more clues, Alex goes to the doctor\'s country home to search his files. There he learns Catherine was under her father\'s care, and when he confronts her she admits she killed the doctor when he threatened to send her to an institution to be treated for schizophrenia. While re-enacting the crime, Catherine stabs Alex and consequently is confined to a psychiatric hospital. Recovered from his wound, Alex visits her and promises to stay in touch.'] ["The film opens with the fall of the respected judge Costa Makantasis  from the Federal Courthouse. Next, his oldest son Pablo  is seen dragging the body of young and beautiful Ana Muro  through the house in which he lives with his two younger brothers. Two different judges begin to investigate the two deaths. It is soon assumed that Costa Makantasis committed suicide. The case of Ana Muro, however, investigated by Beatriz Teller , is complicated by the fact that all three sons confess the murder, each claiming that he acted alone and that the other two are innocent; and really some evidence speaks against each one of them. In addition, they urge Teller to believe that their father was murdered and that his case also requires investigation. Teller, on the other hand, is pressured by her superiors to hand over the case of the three brothers to the judge assigned to Costa Makantasis' apparent suicide. Fearing that a dirty truth behind the supposed suicide shall be covered up, she risks her career by rejecting to give up her case. Combining cutbacks with segments of the investigations and hearings, the film sets to unravelling the story leading up to the deaths. The remaining film is divided into four unequal parts, each dedicated to one of the sons and Ana Muro. In each part, fragments of the story are shown from the perspective of the respective character, combining to the complete picture only at the end of the film. It becomes apparent that Costa Makantasis had investigated Ana Muro's father, the powerful businessman Francisco Muro , suspecting him to be involved in corruption and even murder. Unbeknown to the two, Makantasis' youngest son, Alejandro , and Ana Muro fell in love with each other, and Ana Muro moved in with Alejandro and his brothers. When Costa Makantasis found out that Ana was Francisco Muro's daughter, he was concerned, but believed that their private and his professional affairs with the Muro family should and could remain separate. For a short time, everything seemed perfect: Alejandro and Ana were a happy couple, and the Makantasis family celebrated the father's anniversary with a frolicsome party. Soon, however, tensions arose both from inside and outside of the family. Second-oldest son Nicolás  cheated with Ana on his brother, and later, Ana also tried to flirt with oldest brother Pablo; Pablo, who had in the past snatched some of Nicolás' girl-friends, resisted Ana's charm and instead found out about her infidelity with Nicolás. Francisco Muro, on the other hand, found out about the relationship between his daughter and the son of his political opponent, assumed foul-play and came close to threatening Costa Makantasis to keep his son away from Ana. The conflict between the judge and the businessman generally increased, and Costa Makantasis suspected that Muro tapped his house. So, when Costa Makantatis saw that Ana Muro let employees of her father into his house, he and his oldest son told her to stop that and explained it with the suspicions against her father. Believing in a misconception, Ana took secret documents of her father to Costa Makantasis' office to prove her father's innocence. There, however, she had a closer look at the documents, realized that at least some of the suspicions were well-founded, and flew the office. Just after she departed, two of Muro's employees arrived and killed Makantasis by pushing him from the roof of the building. Ana Muro had just left the building, whereas the three Makantasis brothers were just arriving at the Courthouse to take their father to lunch. At the moment of the murder, Ana Muro looked up to the roof and saw that the judge was being pushed; Pablo watched Ana Muro look up and, mistaking her troubled look, believed her to be involved in what he instantly understands to be his father's murder. So, when Ana leaves the scene, he shouts to his brothers that she had killed their father; when Alejandro objects, Pablo reveals that Ana had cheated on him with Nicolás. Then Pablo followed Ana, who raced to her father, threw the secret documents back at him and called him a murderer in public. Pablo, watching the scene, realized that Ana had not been part of the crime. Alejandro, however, had now heard Pablo's accusations and seen Nicolás' guilty face. He turned home where he tore down and cut off the decorations that Ana and he had set up in his room. When Ana came home to him, he affronted her, telling her she cheated on him and killed his father. Ana, almost in tears, affirmed both, but added that she loved him. When Alejandro continued to offend her, she thrust herself into a knife that Alejandro still held in his hand from destroying the decorations. The film ends with a confrontation of the three brothers in the office of investigating judge Teller. It remains unclear whether Teller eventually learns the truth or whether the story told in the cutbacks remains unknown to her. After she has sent the three brothers back to their prison cells, she comments that justice may not be possible to achieve. The film finishes with the three brothers sent further and further down in an escalator to where are presumably their prison cells."] ["A young man is accused of murder and a master detective is set to track him down and uncover conclusive evidence of his guilt. But the more he works on the case, the more he becomes convinced that the accused is not the real killer. He discovers that the murder was committed by a notorious gangster who's attempting to frame the boy."] ['The story takes place in Northern Italy, during the early 14th century. Franciscan monk William of Baskerville and his novice Adso of Melk  arrive at a Benedictine abbey where a mysterious death has occurred ahead of an important theological Church conference. William, known for his deductive and analytic mind, confronts the worried Abbot and gains permission to investigate the death – a young illuminator appears to have committed suicide. Over the next few days, several other bizarre deaths occur, and the two gradually discover that everything is not what it seems in the abbey. William and Adso also make the acquaintance of Salvatore, a demented hunchback who speaks gibberish in various languages, and his handler and protector, Remigio da Varagine who, as events prove, also has a shady past. William quickly deduces from Salvatore\'s speech, that he had once been a member of a heretical sect and infers that Remigio likewise had been involved. He suspects that they may have been involved in the killings. Meanwhile, Adso encounters a beautiful semi-feral peasant girl who has apparently sneaked into the abbey to trade sexual favours for food; she seduces him, and he falls in love with her. Investigating and keen to head off accusations of demonic possession, the protagonists discover and explore a labyrinthine library in the abbey\'s forbidden principal tower. William is astonished to find that it is "one of the greatest libraries in all Christendom," containing dozens of works by Classical masters such as Aristotle, thought to have been lost for centuries. William deduces that the library is kept hidden because such advanced knowledge, coming from pagan philosophers, is difficult to reconcile with Christianity. It becomes clear that the only remaining copy of Aristotle\'s Second Book of Poetics is somehow related to the deaths. He further deduces that all of those who died had read the book. His investigations are curtailed by the arrival of Bernardo Gui of the Inquisition, summoned for the conference and keen to prosecute those he deems responsible for the deaths. The two men clashed in the past, and the zealous inquisitor has no time for theories outside his own. Salvatore and the girl are found fighting over a black cockerel while in the presence of a black cat. Gui presents this as irrefutable proof that they are in league with Satan and tortures Salvatore into confessing. Salvatore, Remigio, and the girl are dragged before a tribunal, where Gui intimidates the Abbot into concurring with his judgment of heresy. But William, also "invited" by Gui to serve on the panel of judges, refuses to confirm the accusations of murder. Gui resorts to extracting a confession from Remigio by the threat of torture, and clearly plans to take care of William for good, later. When another monk succumbs like the others, William and Adso ascend the forbidden library, and come face to face with the Venerable Jorge, the most ancient denizen of the abbey, with the book, which describes comedy and how it may be used to teach. Believing laughter and jocularity to be instruments of the Devil, Jorge has poisoned the pages to stop the spread of what he considers dangerous ideas: those reading it would ingest the poison as they licked their fingers to aid in turning pages. Confronted, Jorge throws over a candle, starting a blaze that quickly engulfs the library. William insists that Adso flee, as he manages to collect an inadequate armload of invaluable books to save; the volume of Poetics, Jorge, and the rest of the library are lost. Meanwhile, Salvatore and Remigio have been burned at the stake, and the girl is soon to follow, when the local peasants take advantage of the chaos of the library fire to free her and turn on Gui. Gui attempts to flee but they throw his wagon off a cliff, to his death. William and Adso later take their leave. A much older Adso reflects in his closing narration that he never regretted his decision to continue on with William, and that the girl was the only earthly love of his life, yet he never learned her name.'] ['Theresa is one of the twelve jurors who have to decide about a case of assassination. She believes very strongly in the innocence of the young man, but cannot convince the others. During the discussions she realizes that one member of the jury knows details that he could not know from the trial alone. Since no one believes her suspicions, she investigates on her own.'] ["A bank official, whom a doctor had earlier hypnotized to obtain money from the bank's vault, is found murdered."] ['Lamont Cranston, amateur criminologist and detective, with a daily radio program, sponsored by the Daily Classic newspaper, has developed a friendly feud that sometimes passes the friendly stage with Police Commissioner Weston. He complains to his managing editor, Edward Heath, over the problems that have developed in his department since Phoebe Lane has been hired as his assistant. He is advised to forget it since she is the publisher\'s niece. During his broadcast about Honest John, a famous safe cracker who has served his time, Phoebe gives him a note that the Metropolitan Theatre is to be robbed at eight o\'clock and she is so insistent that he adds it as his closing note. Off the air, he learns she got the information from a man she met in a café who had an honest face. Cranston goes to the theatre where Weston and his men have gathered and, of course, nothing happens but, across town, a safe is blown at the home of international banker Gerald Morton and the banker is killed. Cranston arrives there ahead of the police and discovers enough evidence to show him that it wasn\'t just a simple robbery with the banker accidentally killed. The irate Weston has him jailed as a material witness, but Phoebe comes through with a habeas corpus in time for him to make his broadcast. Honest John crashes into the studio with a gun and demands that Cranston exonerates him over the air from the police suspicion that he committed the robbery. Weston rushes to the studio but Honest John has escaped. Cranston takes Phoebe on a tour of night clubs hoping she will spot the man who gave her the robbery message. She does and Cranston poses as a new arrival from Europe and learns that the man is Flotow and his companion is Starkov. Flotow recognizes Phoebe and invites them to his apartment after the bar closes. They leave together, but Cranston knows it is a trap and makes excuses to allow Phoebe and himself to depart. However, they make a date for lunch the next day. The next day Cranston and his editor concoct an apology to appease Commissioner Weston. While Flotow and Starkov are waiting for Cranston to join them for lunch, Cranston breaks into Flotow\'s apartment where he meets Phoebe who also has had the same idea. Cranston answers Flotow\'s phone and Morton\'s butler says there is a meeting at the Morton home that afternoon. The call is cut short and as they wait for the butler to call back Flotow and Starkov return and attempt to detain them. Moe, Cranston\'s driver, rescues them by flashing his "gun", which is really a cigarette case. The ruse allows the three to escape. After they leave, Morton\'s butler calls back and Flotow knows he is suspected. Back at his office, Cranston gets valuable information from the paper\'s financial editor about Morton\'s business dealings. At the same time, Editor Heath is appeasing Weston with Cranston\'s apology. Cranston sends down his evening edition column intended to bait Flotow but will also infuriate Weston. As he leaves the paper\'s offices to act on the intercepted butler\'s message he is forced into Moe\'s cab at gun point by Honest John. As he attempts to verbally appease Honest John, Cranston gets the upper hand by using Moe\'s "gun". After John confesses that he really only came back to town to get a fresh start Cranston reveals the fake gun and they laugh the kidnapping off. Commissioner Heath is angered by the Shadow\'s latest column and sends a man to arrest Cranston for withholding information from the police. The policeman gets a tip in Cranston\'s office to follow him to Morton\'s. At the Morton house, Flotow and Sparkov arrive and are admitted by the duplicitous butler. They surprise Morton\'s brother and force him to open the safe. As they explain their motive for killing his brother they force him to write a "suicide" note and give him a gun with one bullet. Cranston and Honest John enter and interrupt the killing. John covers the pair while Cranston goes to the front door to let the police in. As Matthews explains he is there to arrest Cranston, the butler tries to sneak out the front door. Seeing this, Cranston throws a potted plant to stop the butler but hits Commissioner Weston who just opens the door. The film closes with Cranston\'s broadcast tying up the case and complimenting the police which pleases both Weston and Heath. Phoebe is given the microphone but is too flustered to speak. Cranston closes with "Crime does not pay!" Fade Out.'] ["A woman is killed babysitting a young boy, the killer takes him when he leaves the house. A few months later a man and cleaning woman are killed at a motel in Amarillo. Amarillo's longtime sheriff, Buck Olmstead , is up for reelection, so both he and opponent Jack McGinnis  are eager to be the one to solve a big murder case before Election Day. Meanwhile, a hitchhiker named Lane Dixon  is picked up by Bob Goodall , an affable drifter. FBI agent Frank LaCrosse  turns up in Amarillo and tells them he is in charge of tracking down an elusive serial killer, the person he suspects is responsible for the murders. Olmstead discovers that LaCrosse has been taken off the case by superiors. LaCrosse explains that the boy that was kidnapped was in fact LaCrosse's young son Andy , a fact which means he was taken off the case. Frank is now more determined than ever to catch the killer and he teams up with the Amarillo police department to continue his investigation. The tactics of the FBI agent concern Olmstead at first, particularly after finding out Frank's personal involvement in this case and that cooperation with the suspended agent could cost him his own job. Bob tells Lane about his son as they become friends and asks him to promise to look after him if anything should happen to Bob. Lane agrees and Bob tells him his sons address. Lane appears more and more to be a prime suspect, but with Frank on his trail, it is revealed that Bob is the actual killer. He and Frank battle on the side of a train. Bob tells Frank that he will have to kill him to find out where his son is, but Bob falls off the train laughing. He tumbles down a hill and is impaled by a broken branch of a fallen tree, killing him. Frank is grieving at having lost the last chance to locate his son. Lane, who was voiceless due to having his throat partially slit by Bob, realizes that Bob had given him a clue of the boy's whereabouts during their time together. Lane writes something on the floor of the train, which leads Frank to the address Bob gave Lane where he finds his son."] ["While dancing at a New Year's party, the Saint spots an agent of Val Travers preparing to shoot someone, so Templar guns him down first at the stroke of midnight. Templar is placed by witnesses at the scene, so the San Francisco police request the assistance of Inspector Henry Fernack . Before Fernack can leave, the Saint arrives in New York and accompanies him to the west coast. Val Travers' father had been a police inspector whose effectiveness had caused trouble for a mysterious criminal mastermind named Waldeman. When a large sum of money was found in his safety deposit box, however, he was fired on suspicion of working for Waldeman and committed suicide. Travers is determined to clear his name by any means necessary. The Saint takes up her cause, despite her hostility for his interference in her plans and her suspicions about his motives. Templar gets the cooperation of the police commissioner, over the objections of Chief Inspector Webster and criminologist Cullis, who wonder if the Saint is Waldeman himself. Templar and Travers cross paths again when the trail leads to Martin Eastman, a noted philanthropist and seemingly-irreproachable citizen, whom they both suspect is linked to Waldeman in some way. Templar forces Travers and her gang to drive away, all except her burglar, Zipper Dyson. Templar gets Dyson to open Eastman's safe and takes the money inside. The serial numbers confirm that it was stolen in a robbery perpetrated by Waldeman. When Eastman contacts Cullis instead of reporting the theft, Templar knows that Cullis is also working for Waldeman. With that information, not only does the Saint exonerate Travers' father, he also identifies Waldeman."] ['The Saint picks up a man on a country road, leading him into a web of currency fraud, a couple of murders and much skulduggery. The case is complicated by an enthusiastic young lady.'] ['In San Francisco, private investigator Sam Spade  and his partner Miles Archer ([[Walter Long  are approached by Ruth Wonderly  to follow a man, Floyd Thursby, who allegedly ran off with her younger sister. The two accept the assignment because the money is good, even though they disbelieve her story. Late that night, police detective Tom Polhaus  informs Spade that Archer has been shot and killed while tailing Thursby, but Spade turns down the opportunity to examine the body at the scene. As he\'s leaving, he has a brief conversation in Chinese with a man loitering in a doorway. Later, Polhaus and his superior, Lt. Dundy , visit Spade at his apartment. Thursby has been killed, and they want to know where Spade\'s been in the last few hours, &mdash; they suspect him of killing Thursby to avenge the death of his partner. With no real evidence against Spade, they leave. The next day, Spade calls on Ruth Wonderly in an attempt to find out her real reasons for hiring them. She uses several different ploys to keep Spade on the case in spite of the two murders, but Spade sees through them. Despite this, he gets only a little information from her: Thursby was her accomplice who she no longer trusted, and she feels she\'s in danger &mdash; but she won\'t tell Spade what she and Thursby were trying to pull off. Frustrated, Spade begins to leave, but then thinks better of it. He takes $500 from Wonderly, supposedly the last of her money, and goes. At the office, Spade tells his secretary, Effie  to have Archer\'s name removed from the door, and he receives a visit from a Dr. Joel Cairo , who offers Spade $5,000 if he can retrieve an enamel figurine of a black bird that he is trying to recover for the "rightful owner". Not knowing anything about this statuette, Spade plays along, overpowering Cairo when he pulls a gun and attempts to frisk him and search the office. Nevertheless, he agrees to try to recover the statuette. That night, at his apartment, Spade questions Wonderly about Cairo and the black bird. Nervous about Cairo\'s offer and afraid of losing Spade\'s help, she begins to attempt to seduce him, but is interrupted when Dundy and Polhaus arrive. Spade keeps them outside the door as they question him about his relationship with Archer\'s wife Iva , with whom Spade has been having an affair. They are about to leave when Wonderly screams, and they rush in to find her holding a gun on Cairo. Spade laughs the incident off with a preposterous story which nonetheless gets the police to leave, with Cairo in tow, allowing Spade and Wonderly to continue their interrogation. The next morning, as Wonderly sleeps in his bed, Spade lifts her key and thoroughly searches her apartment, finding nothing. Returning to his own place, Spade gets a visit from Iva Archer. Spade tries to get rid of her, but she sees Wonderly in the bedroom doorway and leaves in a huff, threatening to tell everything she knows to Lt. Dundy. Spade receives a note from Casper Gutman ([[Dudley Digges , inviting him to come and talk about the black bird. Over drinks and cigars, Spade learns the history and value of the statuette, which is encrusted with precious jewels covered over with enamel, and that Gutman is the mastermind behind the attempt to steal the bird. Spade lies to Gutman that "for the right price" he can deliver the figurine in a couple of days, and they make a deal which Gutman seals with a $1000 bill. Just then, Cairo shows up and tells Gutman privately that Spade does not have the falcon, that Captain Jacoby , whose ship La Paloma arrives from Hong Kong that night, does. Gutman then slips Spade a mickey in a celebratory drink, and retrieves his $1000. Later that night, Spade arrives back in his office, where he finds Effie asleep behind his desk. Suddenly, a man staggers in, collapses to the floor and dies &mdash; it\'s Captain Jacoby, and the suitcase he was carrying has the precious black bird in it. Spade checks the bag at a baggage check and sends himself the ticket in the mail. Called in to see the District Attorney  because of what Iva\'s been telling the police, Spade stonewalls them, and is given 24 hours to wrap up the case and bring in the real killers. Wonderly lures Spade into his apartment, where Cairo and Gutman are waiting for him with guns. Knowing that Spade has the falcon, Gutman gives him ten $1000 bills in an envelope, but Spade insists there also has to be a "fall guy" to give the police to account for the murders , and suggests Gutman\'s gunman, Wilmer Cook , as the patsy. Gutman rejects this idea, and Spade then puts forward Cairo as a candidate. Cairo counters that Spade\'s been paid and should bring forward the bird, and they all settle in to wait for the morning, when Spade says he can produce it. As Wonderly leaves to make coffee and sandwiches, Gutman accuses her of stealing one of the bills from the envelope, prompting Spade to have her strip. When he finds she doesn\'t have the bill on her, he accuses Gutman of palming it, which Gutman admits. Now having the upper hand, Spade tells Gutman that Wilmer will be the fall guy, which Cairo and Gutman discuss in a whispered conference. Goaded by Spade, Wilmer pulls his gun, Spade knocks him out &mdash; and Gutman and Cairo agree to Spade\'s proposal. After Spade calls Effie and asks her to pick up the suitcase with the falcon in the morning and bring it to them, Gutman explains to him how Wilmer killed Thursby and Jacoby. When the bag shows up, Wilmer escapes out the window while the conspirators are frantically opening it and examining the black bird. They soon determine that it is a fake &mdash; they\'ve been duped by the previous owner &mdash; and Gutman and Cairo decide to make another attempt to steal it. As they leave, Gutman takes back his $10,000 from Spade at gunpoint. Spade immediately calls Detective Polhaus and tells him to pick up Gutman, Cairo and Wilmer: he\'ll provide Wilmer\'s guns as evidence. Confronting Wonderly, Spade accuses her of killing Archer to throw suspicion on Thursby and get him out of the way. She admits it, and Spade tells her that he\'s going to turn her in for the murder, despite their love for each other. When Dundy and Polhaus show up, they reveal that Wilmer murdered Gutman and Cairo before being apprehended. Spade gives them Wilmer\'s guns, tells them that Wonderly killed Archer, and they take her away. We then learn from a newspaper article that Spade "caused a sensation at [Wonderly\'s] trial when he produced Lee Fu Gow, Chinese merchant, the only eye-witness to the Archer killing, who positively identified Miss Wonderly as the murderess." Spade goes to visit Wonderly in prison to tell her that he\'s been made Chief Investigator for the District Attorney\'s office. Spade asks the prison matron to treat Wonderly well and give her whatever she wants. When the matron asks who will pay for the special treatment, Spade tells her to send the bill to the D.A.\'s office: "I\'ll OK it."'] ["On a short flight to Catalina Island off the California coast, a passenger on a seaplane calling himself Roswell T. Forrest  gets sick. Hildegarde Withers and the others aboard are startled when he is found dead upon landing. It appears to be murder to Miss Withers, but she has a tough time convincing local Police Chief Britt  and coroner Dr. O'Rourke . When she contacts her friend, Police Inspector Oscar Piper , for more information about the deceased, he recognizes the name: the man was a vital witness in a case against a crime syndicate and had a price on his head of $10,000. He flies from New York to assist her in investigating the case. When he arrives, the pair argue over which of the people aboard the plane is the killer: *Joseph B. Tate , a famous Hollywood director *struggling actress Phyllis La Font , who is angling for a part in Tate's next movie *honeymooners Kay  and Marvin Deving  *Captain Beegle , a retired, self-confessed former rum runner, and *pilots Dick French  and Madden . Withers suspects poisoning , but before this can be confirmed, the body is stolen. While Piper questions those involved, she discovers that McArthur , the gangster who had offered the reward for Forrest's death, has registered at the hotel under the flimsy alias of Arthur Mack. When she eavesdrops on his telephone conversation, she learns that he will be leaving an envelope for someone. She purloins it from the mailbox and finds $10,000 inside. More murders occur. Marvin Deving is shot and killed just before he can reveal some information to Piper. Meanwhile, Withers and Piper learn that the first victim was not Forrest, but his bodyguard Tom Kelsey. He and the real Forrest  had switched identities. McArthur is also found dead. Though it is staged to look like a suicide, Withers notices that the pistol in his hand is not his own . When an employee complains that the fish in the hotel pool are all dead, Withers finds a pack of cigarettes discarded nearby; one of the cigarettes had fallen into the water. With the murder weapon found, all the pieces come together. Withers takes Piper to see the grieving Kay. She offers the widow a cigarette, then casually mentions where she got it. When Kay refuses to smoke it, Withers tells Piper that McArthur's gun must be in the room. Kay pulls it out and tells them that she will have to kill them both now, but Withers manages to distract her, enabling Piper to disarm her. It turns out that the Devings thought they had been doublecrossed by McArthur when they did not receive their reward . When Marvin tried to betray McArthur in return, he was killed by his employer. Kay then did in McArthur."] ['Maurice Pogue  has Anterograde Amnesia, a form of amnesia that prevents him from remembering anything that happened to him the day before. He realizes from a recording he made for himself the previous night  &ndash; to keep himself in the know &ndash; that he\'s a private investigator in Los Angeles, and acquired the condition after being injured during a case. Pogue tells himself not to reveal his condition to anyone, as he\'s the key witness in the case against the man responsible for his amnesia. Appearing on the recording is a strange woman, Sarah Novak , who informs him she has been living under the alias Beth Holly in San Francisco, and she has come to L.A. because she is being blackmailed. The police then come to Pogue\'s office, and take him to what turns out to be his birthday party. He tells his friend Dolby  that he\'s seen Sarah, and learns from Dolby that Sarah is dead. While at the party, Pogue also meets Anthony Doover ([[Michael Murphy , his doctor &ndash; the only person who knows of Pogue\'s condition. Two henchmen take him from the party to meet Philip Cornell , the man Pogue is to testify against. Cornell offers Pogue a large sum of money to deny witnessing Cornell\'s involvement in the crime. On re-examining his files at the office, Pogue learns that Sarah was once Cornell\'s lover, who decided to testify against Cornell lest he killed her because of her knowledge of his illegal activities. Sarah hired Pogue to protect her but was killed by a car bomb, the same bomb that caused his amnesia. That night, Pogue meets Sarah at a fashion show she\'s modeling in. She tells him the girl that was killed in the explosion was a double, and that someone\'s threatening to tell Cornell she\'s still alive. Sarah also tells Pogue about a valuable coin Cornell stole from the L.A. County Museum, which she in turn stole from him. Sarah tells Pogue that she gave him the coin the morning before the explosion; Pogue cannot remember. The only clue the two have about the coin\'s location is one word Pogue said when Sarah gave it to him, "Baby." The next morning, Pogue has forgotten everything again. Cornell shows up to his office to get Pogue\'s sworn statement but Pogue, mistaking Cornell for his landlord, gives him a check for rent. Pogue tries throughout the day to figure out where the coin is but doesn\'t find any answers. Later on he meets with Sarah; she stays at his place for the night and they make love. Pogue wakes up the following day remembering everything from the day before. Through learning his dog is Baby, he recalls that he hid the coin in its collar. He takes Sarah to a payphone to call the people who are blackmailing her, Pogue notices that her handwriting is not the same as on the note the coin was wrapped in. Thus realizing she cannot really be Sarah Novak, he switches the coin without her knowledge. He then follows her and finds that Doover and her set up the scam to get the coin. When Doover says they\'ll have to start all over again after they failed to get the coin, the woman posing as Sarah refused to go through with it again. That night, while sitting in Pogue\'s car outside his office, the woman reveals into one of Pogue\'s recorders that she\'s really Beth Holly, whom Doover had hired because of her resemblance to Novak. Cornell\'s men then kidnap Beth when they see her in the car. Thursday morning, Cornell, who\'s figured out that Pogue has the coin, abducts Pogue and takes him to his home, where he attempts to torture him to give up the coin. Pogue and Holly escape, and rush to Cornell\'s trial. During the trial, Pogue falls back in his chair and hits his head, then suddenly regains his memory. He tells Beth that he put the coin in a parking meter and she speeds off to get it. Pogue then gives his testimony against Cornell, which prompts Cornell to change his plea in the case. Pogue finds Sarah back at his apartment and the story ends when the two kiss and go inside.'] ['Young and self-confident Danny Masters  is the teen-aged son of the late Harry Masters, the "greatest escape artist except for Houdini". Danny himself is an accomplished magician and escape artist. He leaves home to join Uncle Burke and Aunt Sibyl in their magic/mentalist act; Sibyl welcomes him but Burke is unenthusiastic. Danny soon finds himself embroiled with Stu Quiñones , corrupt son of Mayor Leon Quiñones. The quest for a missing wallet  leads to the comeuppance of the crooked mayor, and separately of his vindictive and out-of-control son. Along the way, Danny comes to terms with the death of his father, the circumstances of which he did not previously know.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083900/plotsummary'] ['Bulldog Drummond  is injured when his car that has been sabotaged is involved in a crash. When Jack Pennington  agrees to masquerade as a sleuth, he is enlisted to help Ann Manders  find her jeweller grandfather who has been kidnapped by a gang of crooks who want him to copy a valuable necklace they want to steal. Their plan backfires in the British Museum and the film climaxes in an exciting chase on a runaway train in the London Underground.'] ['The girlfriend of Captain Drummond is kidnapped by an enemy of Drummond seeking revenge, but Drummond and his friend Colonel Nielsen are hot on his trail.'] ['{{Expand section}} Married detectives, Sam Campbell  and his wife   are retained by Larry Borden  to help to solve a murder in a small town and uncover a spy ring.'] ["Paul Armstrong , a liberal Harvard professor opposed to capital punishment, is persuaded to go to Florida, to investigate the conviction of Bobby Earl Ferguson  for murder. Ferguson, a former Cornell University student, is a highly intelligent, charming, and articulate black man who was convicted of raping and murdering a young white girl. Armstrong must save him from being placed in the electric chair. Ferguson tells Armstrong that he was tortured by a racist police detective to get a confession. As Armstrong digs deeper into the case, he discovers that Tanny Brown , the chief detective on the case, did indeed coerce Ferguson's confession. The plot thickens when Ferguson tells the professor that the murder was actually committed by Blair Sullivan , a serial killer awaiting execution, who later reveals the location of the weapon used to kill the girl. When Armstrong discovers the weapon, Brown tries to threaten him into abandoning the investigation.  Ferguson gets a re-trial and is freed from prison. Armstrong then receives a call from Sullivan, who asks him to visit his parents. Armstrong is shocked to find the butchered bodies of Sullivan's parents, and returns demanding an explanation. Sullivan gloats that he and Ferguson struck a deal: Ferguson would kill Sullivan's parents in exchange for freedom, while Sullivan would claim responsibility for the girl's murder. It turns out that Ferguson committed the crime for which he was imprisoned, and used Armstrong to release him from death row. Armstrong and Brown go after Ferguson, who desires revenge on Armstrong's wife ; she was the prosecutor in a previous rape trial which, while thrown out of court, resulted in him being brutalized and castrated in jail, as well as being kicked out of Cornell, robbing him of any chance of a future. Ferguson plans to murder Armstrong's wife and daughter  and then feed them to alligators, but Armstrong and Brown come to the rescue. They kill Ferguson and save Armstrong's family."] ['Tony Petrocelli is a Harvard-educated attorney of Italian heritage who practices in an unidentified part of the American Southwest. He works  at a frenetic pace, not only because he is a zealous advocate for his defendants  but because of the vast distances of western prairie he must cross in order to meet clients, investigate his cases and make court appointments. A big case lands in his lap when he is asked to defend a young, prosperous physician who expects to be charged with the bludgeoning murder of his socialite wife.'] ["Arthur Cartwright, an anxious man, goes to Perry Mason to have his neighbor arrested for his vindictive and noisy dog. He is under the belief that his howling is an indication that somebody has been murdered in the neighborhood. He demands that his will be written bequeathing the estate to the lady living at the neighbor's house. However, the will is mysteriously altered by an unknown person and Cartwright goes missing, along with the lady. It is up to Mason to investigate."] ['In The Element of Crime, an English detective named Fisher , who has become an expatriate living in Cairo, undergoes hypnosis in order to recall his last case. The Europe of his dreamlike recollection is a dystopia, dark and decaying. Fisher remembers pursuing an elusive killer called the "Lotto Murderer", who was strangling and then mutilating young girls who were selling lottery tickets. He attempts to track down the killer using the controversial methods outlined in a book entitled The Element of Crime, written by his disgraced mentor, Osborne . He is joined in his search by a prostitute named Kim , who, it turns out, has had a child by his target. Fisher\'s search is based on a tailing report written by Osborne when trying to track down a murderer who had been killing in the same way as the "Lotto Murderer", but who, supposedly, has since died in a crash. The Osborne method requires the detective to try to identify with the mind of the killer. This he does, but, in so doing, begins to behave more and more like a serial killer himself.'] ["The film's plot, scripted by N.I.P. Dennis in his only listed film credit, is frequently nonsensical, involving a South American belly dancer, played by Yvonne Nielson, who has uncovered an ancient Aztec secret for eternal life, involving regular blood transfusions. To this end, she has enlisted the aid of a Filipino club owner whose visage turns monsterous when he is stalking his prey."] ['Chan is hired to transport a pearl necklace. When his employer is murdered, he sets out to unmask the killer.'] ['Unaccountable, deadly malfunctions begin occurring at a top-secret government facility under the New Mexico desert where a space station is being constructed. OSI agents are called in to investigate. Laboratory supervisor Dr. Van Ness calls in Dr. David Sheppard, a security agent from the Office of Scientific Investigation in Washington, DC, to find the cause of the mysterious deaths. Working with Joanna Merritt, an OSI agent already at the facility, Sheppard determines that the deaths among the lab\'s 150 top scientists are due to deliberate sabotage of NOVAC , a central computer which controls all equipment in the underground facility. But it is harder to determine how the sabotage is being done. The unseen enemy strikes again and again, snuffing out six scientists in quick succession, as well as Major Howard, the complex\'s Chief of Security. Eventually, Sheppard determines that a powerful radio transmitter and receiver were secretly built into NOVAC during its construction. An enemy plane whose fiberglass body does not register on radar has been flying overhead, beaming precisely focused, ultra-high frequency radio signals, thereby controlling NOVAC\'s every function. The computer, in turn, controls Gog and Magog— 2 mobile robots with powerful gripping tools and other implements. Magog is finally directed to go to the complex\'s nuclear reactor room and pull the safety rod out of the atomic pile, starting a chain reaction that will soon build to a nuclear explosion, which will destroy the entire facility. Sheppard arrives in time to push the safety rod back into the pile, stopping the chain reaction. He then attacks the robot with a flame thrower and disables it, but Gog soon follows its twin to the reactor room to finish the job. Sheppard\'s flame thrower runs out of fuel as the robot advances on him. Dr. Van Ness arrives with another flame thrower, but the control valve sticks, and Gog now turns on him. Sheppard desperately begins using the nozzle of his flame thrower like a baseball bat, trying to smash the robot\'s electronic tubes. The now-crippled robot begins spinning back and forth, its arms thrashing about wildly. At that point, Gog suddenly comes to a halt, its metal arms falling limply to its sides. An American F-86 Sabre jet fighter has finally tracked down the enemy plane and destroyed it, ending NOVAC\'s reign of destruction. A few days later, Dr. Van Ness explains the situation to the Secretary of Defense, and informs him that a working model of the space station is about to be launched into orbit. The new station will be equipped with telescopes and television cameras which will spot any further attempts to sabotage the complex in this fashion. The Secretary observes with satisfaction, "We\'ll never be taken by surprise again!" The film concludes with the successful launch of the rocket containing the working model from the complex.'] ["The plot revolves around a confidence trickster, Dr. Acula  who pretends to be able to contact the dead, and charges people large amounts of money to speak to their relatives. The ending involves Acula inadvertently summoning a group of real ghosts, and being imprisoned for all eternity. The movie features a prologue and a brief acting role by Criswell, who also narrated Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space."] ['With her new wealth, Lisbeth Salander  purchases an apartment in Stockholm. On returning to Sweden after nearly a year living abroad, Salander reconnects with her former lover Miriam Wu  and offers her free use of her previous apartment in return for forwarding her mail. Later, Salander confronts her guardian, Nils Bjurman ([[Peter Andersson  after hacking into his email account and discovering he has an appointment booked with a tattoo removal specialist. Threatening him with his own gun, she warns him not to remove the tattoo that she etched on his abdomen as revenge for sexually abusing her, marking him as "a pervert, a rapist and a sadistic pig". Millennium magazine welcomes Dag Svensson , a new journalist who is writing an exposé on prostitution and human trafficking in Sweden. Dag\'s girlfriend, Mia Bergman, is writing her doctoral thesis on sex trafficking. Dag is nearly finished with the story and is confronting those who will be exposed by the article. Dag and his girlfriend are about to leave on a holiday and ask Mikael Blomkvist  to come to his apartment and collect some photographs. At the same time Dag also asks Mikael to inquire about someone called "Zala", who may have a connection to his present research. Mikael arrives at their apartment late at night to collect photographs for the article but finds them shot dead. The gun used is tracked to Bjurman, who is also dead. Salander is the prime suspect, as her fingerprints are on the gun. Bublanski, the police officer leading the investigation, advises Blomkvist that he should stay out of it. Salander tells Blomkvist she did not kill Dag and Mia and that he needs to find the mysterious "Zala". In an effort to find Salander, Blomkvist contacts her boxing trainer and friend, Paolo Roberto. While he is unaware of Salander\'s whereabouts, he does know Miriam, who also trained with them, and promises to pay her a visit. Near her apartment, Paolo witnesses Miriam being kidnapped by strongman Niedermann. Paolo follows his car to a deserted barn, where he hears him beat Miriam for information about Salander. Paolo comes in to rescue her but Niedermann incapacitates him. Niedermann sets the barn aflame, believing he has killed Paolo and Miriam, but they have actually secretly escaped. News breaks of the attack and Paolo gives his account to the police. After Blomkvist leaves information he has discovered about the case on his computer for Salander to hack into and read, she leaves a message to him saying, "Thank you for being my friend". He realizes that she intends to set out alone to find the man who framed her and that she may not survive. A disguised Salander visits Miriam in hospital to apologize for getting her involved. Without giving anything away, Salander confirms the police sketch of Niedermann with Miriam and then disappears. Knowing now that he is Salander\'s friend, Miriam calls Blomkvist to the hospital to give him keys that Salander dropped accidentally during her visit. Noticing they are for a post office box, Blomkvist is able to access and read Salander\'s mail and track down her apartment. Meanwhile, Salander continues her efforts to find Niedermann by watching his post office box. She sees someone check the post box and follows him to a small house near Gosseberga. Researching through the material in her apartment Blomkvist finds the video of Bjurman raping Salander. In the offices of Millennium magazine, Paolo explains he tracked down Niedermann and learned that he has congenital analgesia: Niedermann is unable to feel pain. They trace Niedermann to a company owned by "Karl Axel Bodin". Blomkvist has Erika Berger make copies of the documents including the 1993 police report and forwards the originals to Bublanski, and sets out to find Salander. Salander crosses the grounds and enters the Gosseberga house, but Niedermann has been alerted by motion detectors and knocks her out. She awakens to see her father, Zalachenko, an old man who walks with a stick and is heavily scarred by the burns she inflicted as a child. He dismisses her mother as a whore and belittles her rape at the hands of Bjurman. He reveals that Niedermann is her half-brother. Niedermann killed Bjurman to prevent him from revealing any of Zalachenko\'s secrets. Zalachenko is confident he will not be caught, since being an invalid means the idea of his involvement in the murders lacks plausibility. They lead Salander to a shallow grave in the woods. She tells him the police will find him soon and all that he has said has been published online through her hidden cellphone. Seeing through her bluff, he shoots her several times as she attempts to escape and buries her alive. Left for dead, Salander digs her way out using her silver-plated cigarette case. Hidden in the woodshed, she surprises Zalachenko with an axe to the head. Salander scares Niedermann off with the help of Zalachenko\'s gun, just as Blomkvist finds them. Ambulances and police arrive to take away Salander and Zalachenko, who are both badly hurt but still alive.'] ["An alcoholic Los Angeles narcotics cop, Matt Scudder , takes part in a drug bust that results in his fatal shooting of a small-time dealer in front of the man's wife and kids. Scudder ends up in a drunk ward, suffering from booze and blackouts, ending his career, his marriage, and jeopardizing his relationship with his daughter. After an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, a woman hands Scudder a note, which invites him to a private gambling club on a hill, owned by Chance Walker. At the club, Scudder is greeted by a call girl named Sunny who pretends that he is her boyfriend. He also meets regular Angel Moldonado  who is infatuated with another call girl named Sarah . Bewildered by Sunny's behavior, Scudder follows Sunny around all night, eventually ending up back at his place as she explains that she is frightened and needs his help. He agrees to help her escape prostitution, but the next day, as they are putting her affairs in order, she is kidnapped. As Scudder gives chase, Sunny is killed and thrown over a bridge. Scudder tracks down Chance Walker, convinced that he killed Sunny because she was going to leave his prostitution ring. Chance is insulted and insists that all he does is run the private club, paying the girls a flat salary to attend his parties. Any prostitution they do is up to them, and they keep their money. He tells Scudder that Sarah was Sunny's best friend, and Scudder seeks her out to find out who Sunny was so frightened of the day before she died. She hints at the fact that Moldonado was behind Sunny's fear. At the club that night, Scudder sees Moldonado wearing a ring with an emerald that matched the missing jewel in a necklace that Sunny owned. Convinced that Moldonado is Sunny's killer, he forces Sarah to leave the club with him, as Moldonado looks on in a rage. Scudder sets up a meeting with Moldonado the next day, where he pieces together that Moldonado is running a drug ring through Chance's club, and he was using Sunny to help infiltrate Chance's staff with his own underlings. Scudder lets Moldonado leave with Sarah, but he sets up a drug buy. Chance is furious that Moldonado has been using his club as a cover and that he killed Sunny, but Scudder convinces him to go through with the deal, in order to trap Moldonado. At Moldonado's house, he charmingly talks to Scudder about Antoni Gaudí, putting off any talk of drugs. When Scudder presses him for the cocaine, Moldonado explains that he knows Scudder is a cop, and he refuses to be trapped into a sting. Unfortunately, one of his underlings walks in with a shipping tube that Scudder had seen earlier when he scoped out a grocery store which happened to be one of Moldonado's front businesses. Realizing that the drugs were all at the grocery store, Scudder and Chase go to the store and steal all of the drugs. Scudder offers to return them in exchange for Sarah. At an empty warehouse, Moldonado arrives with Sarah duct taped to a shotgun that one of his underlings is holding. Scudder has booby trapped the drugs and threatens to destroy them if Sarah is harmed. Eventually, Moldonado agrees to cut Sarah loose, but before he can secure his drugs, a shootout erupts. Moldonado manages to escape in the chaos, but Chance is killed. Sarah and Scudder head back to his club, and as they ride the funicular up to the house, they see Moldonado standing at the top, waiting for them. Scudder manages to kill him, and the closing scene shows Scudder at an AA meeting on the beach. He and Sarah stroll happily along the water as the film closes."] ['Claire Ward  hires private investigator John Marsh  to look into the increasingly bizarre activities of her husband Charles Dexter Ward . Ward has become obsessed with the occult practices of raising the dead once practiced by his ancestor Joseph Curwen . As the investigators dig deeper, they discover that Ward is performing a series of grisly experiments in an effort to actually resurrect his long-dead relative Curwen.'] ['Private investigator Patrick Kenzie and his partner/girlfriend Angie Gennaro witness a televised plea by a woman named Helene McCready for the return of her missing daughter Amanda, who was abducted with her favorite doll "Mirabelle". Patrick and Angie are then hired by the child\'s Aunt Beatrice to find Amanda and discover that Helene and her boyfriend "Skinny Ray" had recently stolen money from Cheese, a local Haitian drug lord. After Ray is murdered, Patrick and Angie join the police detectives investigating the case, Remy Bressant and Nick Poole, to arrange a trade of the money for Amanda. Captain Jack Doyle shows Patrick a telephone transcript of the drug lord setting up an exchange for Amanda. The exchange at a nearby quarry in Quincy is botched and Amanda is believed to have drowned, as her doll is found in the quarry and returned to Helene. Doyle, whose own daughter was killed years before, takes responsibility for the death and goes into early retirement. Two months later, a seven-year-old boy is abducted in Everett and Patrick receives information that the boy was taken by a known child molester. After entering his house and finding evidence of the abducted boy, Patrick returns with Remy and Nick to rescue him. They are seen by the residents and Nick is shot. Patrick enters the house during the shootout and finds one of the residents dead. He retreats into the child molester\'s room, where he finds the boy\'s dead body; he then shoots the child molester in the back of the head in a fit of rage. Nick later dies of his wounds. Trying to alleviate Patrick\'s guilt over the events at the house, Remy unthinkingly confides that he once planted evidence on someone with the help of "Skinny Ray" &mdash; whom he had initially told Patrick he didn\'t know. After Nick\'s funeral, Patrick speaks to a police officer, who tells him that Remy had been asking about the drug lord\'s stolen money before the drug lord knew it was missing. Patrick then questions Beatrice\'s husband Lionel in a bar and pieces together that Lionel and Remy had conspired to stage a fake kidnapping in order to take the drug money for themselves and to save Amanda from her mother\'s neglectful parenting. At that point, Remy  enters the bar, while wearing a latex mask and holding a shotgun, and stages a robbery. He points the shotgun at Lionel\'s head, but the bartender shoots Remy twice in the back. Remy flees and is pursued by Patrick to the rooftop of a nearby building, where he dies. Patrick is questioned by the police about Remy\'s death and learns that the police never had a phone transcript like the one that Doyle had shown him prior to the botched exchange. Patrick and Angie drive to Doyle\'s home, where Patrick finds Amanda living happily with Doyle and his wife; Doyle was part of the phony kidnapping all along. Patrick threatens to call the authorities, but Doyle attempts to convince him that Amanda is better off living with them than with her mother. Patrick leaves and discusses the choices with Angie, who says she will leave him if he calls the police, since she believes that Amanda is much better off with the Doyles. In the next scene, the police arrive, Doyle is arrested, Amanda is returned to her mother amidst heavy publicity, and Patrick and Angie break up. Patrick later visits Amanda as Helene is about to leave on a date with someone she met during the publicity over her daughter\'s disappearance; at the same time, she makes a play for Patrick himself. Helene informs Patrick that Beatrice has been forbidden to visit and is upset about her husband\'s arrest. Helene has no babysitter for Amanda and when asked, she tells Patrick that Dottie  will watch her, even though she has yet to ask Dottie herself. Patrick volunteers to watch Amanda, who is holding her old doll and watching television. Patrick asks Amanda about Mirabelle, only to hear Amanda inform him that her doll\'s name is "Annabelle" &mdash; implying that Helene did not even know the name of her daughter\'s favorite toy.'] ['The film begins with a disparate group of individuals in a room; some are gambling, some are drinking coffee, others are chatting as if at a party. Curtains are removed from the windows to reveal bars. The group is in a prison to witness the execution of hard core murderer Nick Ross . Ross is told there has been no commutation of his execution. Having never given a confession, Ross proceeds to tell the crowd of the true events of what happened as his benefactor promised him his release; but then falls over dead, the victim of a poison dart. District Attorney Roger Phillips  conduct a search of the occupants of the room and together with his girlfriend crime reporter Geri Reynolds  and his young receptionist Tommy George P. Breakston solve the murder and the criminal mastermind behind Ross.'] ['The film is divided into two separate, unequal stories. In the shorter of the two, Holmes is approached by a famous Russian ballerina, Madame Petrova , who proposes that they conceive a child together, one who she hopes will inherit her physique and his intellect. Holmes manages to extricate himself by claiming that Watson is his lover, much to the doctor\'s embarrassment.  This part of the story was clearly inspired by the meeting between playwright George Bernard Shaw and the dancer Isadora Duncan. She is reported to have said, "You are the greatest brain in the world and I have the most beautiful body, so we ought to produce the most perfect child.", to which he replied, "What if the child inherits my beauty and your brains?" In the main plot, Belgian Gabrielle Valladon  is fished out of the River Thames and brought to Baker Street. She begs Holmes to find her missing engineer husband. The resulting investigation leads to a castle in Scotland. Along the way, they encounter a group of monks and some midgets, and Watson apparently sights the Loch Ness monster. It turns out that Sherlock\'s brother Mycroft  is involved in building a pre-World War I submarine for the British Navy, with the assistance of Monsieur Valladon.  When taken out for testing, it was disguised as a sea monster. The midgets were recruited as crewmen because they took up less space and needed less air. When they meet, Mycroft informs Sherlock that his client is actually a top German spy, Ilse von Hoffmanstal, sent to steal the submersible. The "monks" are German sailors. Queen Victoria  arrives for an inspection of the new weapon, but objects to its unsportsmanlike nature. She orders the exasperated Mycroft to destroy it, so he conveniently leaves it unguarded for the monks to take . Fräulein von Hoffmanstal is arrested, to be exchanged for her British counterpart. In the final scene some months later, Sherlock receives a message from his brother, telling him that von Hoffmanstal had been arrested as a spy in Japan and subsequently, executed by firing squad. Saddened, the detective retreats to his room to seek solace in drugs and his violin.'] ["Prominent criminal attorney Amos Strickland  checks into the Lost Caverns Resort Hotel, and is later discovered murdered by the bellboy, Freddie Phillips , who is implicated in the crime. Casey Edwards , the house detective, tries to clear Freddie, but Inspector Wellman  and Sergeant Stone  keep him in custody. Seven of Strickland's former clients happen to be at the resort, and they are all suspects. These former clients are Swami Talpur , Angela Gordon , Mrs. Hargreave , T. Hanley Brooks , Lawrence Crandall , Mrs. Grimsby  and Mike Relia . They gather for a meeting, and decide that they must conceal their pasts and that Freddie must take the blame for Strickland's murder. They try unsuccessfully to get Freddie to sign a confession, e.g., Angela tries to seduce him, but the police stop her when they fear she's poisoned the champagne. Then the Swami attempts to hypnotize him into committing suicide, but his stupidity saves him. Freddie and the two police officers, in an attempt to lure the real killer, inform everyone that Freddie is in possession of a blood-stained handkerchief that was found at the murder scene. Soon afterwards, several attempts to kill Freddie are made, including gun shots at window of his booby trapped room, and locking him in a steam cabinet. Eventually Freddie hears a voice that calls him to bring the handkerchief to the Lost Cavern. There he meets up with a masked figure who offers to save him from the hole he has just fallen into in exchange for the handkerchief. Freddie makes the mistake of telling the mysterious figure that he left it in his room. He is left in the hole, but is eventually rescued by the two police officers. Back at the hotel, everyone has gathered together and Stone returns with some muddy shoes that belong to Melton , the hotel manager, which proves that he was the one in the caverns with Freddie. His motive for the murder was that he, Relia and Millford, Strickland's secretary, were blackmailing the owner Mr. Crandell. When Strickland found out, he came to investigate, so Melton killed him. Millford then sent down the former clients to use as decoys for the police, but Melton then killed Relia and Millford to cover it all up. He attempts to escape through a window, but is caught by a booby trap previously set by Freddie."] ['The film, set in Portland, opens with Doug  moving in with his sister, Gail . Doug has recently moved from Chicago, where he was studying forensic science and lived with now ex-girlfriend Rachel . After getting a job at an ice factory, he befriends Carlos , a co-worker who also DJs on the side. Rachel arrives in Portland to train at the home office of the Chicago law firm where she is employed, but suddenly disappears, leaving a trail of intriguing clues. Doug, Gail and Carlos begin investigating her whereabouts.'] ['The opening titles announce it is set "possibly around 1933." The story concerns the 168-year-old Fu Manchu, who must duplicate the ingredients to the elixir vitae  after the original is accidentally destroyed by one of Fu Manchu minions. When the diamond "The Star of Leningrad" is stolen by a clockwork spider from a Soviet exhibition in Washington D.C., the F.B.I. sends a pair of special agents to seek the assistance of Scotland Yard as a card from Fu Manchu\'s organisation the Si-Fan has been left at the crime. Sir Roger Avery of the Yard feels this is a job for Fu\'s archnemesis, Sir Denis Nayland-Smith, now retired. Nayland-Smith correctly surmises that Fu Manchu will steal the identical twin to the missing diamond that is held in the Tower of London. Nayland-Smith also predicts that Fu will be thwarted by the tight security  at the Tower, then will kidnap Queen Mary to gain the jewel. He recruits a woman police constable to impersonate the Queen and fool Fu\'s gang.'] ['A beautiful acrobat - A menacing gorilla - A gruff animal keeper - An unscrupulous side show owner - A tough barker - A jealous girlfriend. Anyone could be the killer of an ex-employee found brutally murdered inside the tent of the "Goliath the Giant Gorilla" side show attraction.'] ['Perry is asked by an Australian Bishop to take the case of a woman who was falsely accused of manslaughter 22 years ago. During his investigations Perry gets involved in another murder for which Ida, the woman he is supposed to free, gets arrested.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0028695/plotsummary/'] ["Lieutenant Barney Nolan , a 16-year veteran of the police force, has had enough. In a secluded alley late one night, he fatally shoots a bookmaker in the back and steals the $25,000 he was carrying. He then claims the man was killed trying to escape custody. Sergeant Mark Brewster , his friend and partner, believes him, as does the Captain of Detectives, Captain Gunnarson . However, newspaper reporter Cabot  suspects otherwise. Packy Reed , the dead man's boss, sends private investigators Fat Michaels  and Laddie O'Neil to tell Barney he wants to see him. Packy gives Barney one chance to return the money, but Barney is uncooperative. Barney takes his girlfriend, Patty Winters , to see a house for sale, then slips away to hide the money outside. When he asks Patty to marry him, she accepts. Deaf-mute Ernst Sternmuller goes to the police station, but gives a note explaining he witnessed the crime to Barney, not recognizing him. Barney goes to his apartment to try to buy his silence, but when Sternmuller turns him down, angrily pushes the old man away. Sternmuller falls, strikes his head, and dies. Barney stages it to look like an accident, unaware the man had written down his account. Mark finds it and takes it to Gunnarson, who initiates a manhunt for Barney. Meanwhile, Barney runs into Michaels and O'Neil at a restaurant. Furious that the pair had harassed Patty, he savagely beats them both into unconsciousness with the butt of his revolver. When Barney finds out he is a wanted man, he persuades Patty to pack up and start a new life with him . Mark tries to take him in, but is knocked out. Barney changes into his old police uniform and goes into hiding. He arranges for passage to Buenos Aires, but when he goes to pick up the ticket at a crowded high school pool, finds he has been set up. He and a bandaged Michaels shoot it out, while panicked swimmers dive for cover. Barney manages to kill Michaels and heads to the house to retrieve the money. Mark learns from Patty  the only place the $25,000 could have been hidden. The police converge on the house. When Barney starts shooting, they have no choice but to kill him."] ['Los Angeles  cop Chris Kenner  is an American who was raised in Japan. He is given a new partner, Johnny Murata , an American of partial Japanese descent. Kenner does not appreciate American culture, while Johnny does not much like Japanese culture. One thing they both enjoy are the martial arts, of which they are both experts. The two are assigned to L.A.\'s Little Tokyo, where they break up some criminal activity in a Japanese restaurant, and an arrest is made. While Kenner and Johnny are questioning the suspect, Kenner loses his temper and rips the suspect\'s shirt, and the tattoos that Kenner sees on the suspect remind Kenner of when he was 9 years old, a time when he witnessed his parents being killed by a member of the Yakuza. The tattoos are the trademark of the Iron Claw Yakuza clan. However, before Kenner or Murata can get any information out of the suspect, he kills himself in the interrogation room by breaking his own neck. On the other side of town, the leader of the Iron Claw, Yoshida , kills the owner of a popular downtown nightclub called the Bonsai Club by crushing the owner, Tanaka , in a car compactor. To celebrate "gaining" ownership of the Bonsai Club, Yoshida throws a party at his house with all of the club staff. One of the girls at the party, named Angel , is revealed to have warned Tanaka about Yoshida behind his back, and this infuriates Yoshida. Yoshida questions Angel about her loyalty, and she attempts to appease Yoshida by offering her body to him. Yoshida then drugs Angel and strips off her clothes, and then fondles her from behind before beheading her. When the coroner runs an analysis on Angel\'s body, it is revealed that she had a large amount of methamphetamines in her system  which would have led to her death anyway. This discovery of drugs, together with the suspect having Yakuza tattoos, cause Kenner and Johnny to go to the Bonsai Club in search of information. There they meet lounge singer Minako Okeya , who was a good friend of Angel\'s. Before they can get any useful information out of her, they are ambushed and taken to see the nightclub\'s owner—and Kenner recognizes the owner Yoshida as the man who killed his parents. Yoshida is now a drug manufacturer using a local brewery as his distribution center. He uses smaller gangs such as the Hells Angels, Crips and Sureños to peddle the drugs for him, in return for a percentage of the profit. Kenner and Johnny escape from the nightclub. Later that night, Yoshida rapes and kidnaps Minako and vows to kill Kenner. Kenner and Johnny set out for Yoshida\'s heavily guarded home, where they rescue Minako. His pride wounded, Yoshida sends his men out to get Minako back. He has Kenner and Johnny captured and tortured, but Kenner and Johnny manage to escape, and they take on Yoshida and his men in a battle to the death.'] ["Two cabbies search San Francisco's Chinatown for a mysterious character who has disappeared with their $4000. Their quest leads them on a humorous, if mundane, journey which illuminates the many problems experienced by Chinese-Americans living at the margins of contemporary American society."] ['A British agent carrying a vital document is murdered on his way to deliver it in the USA. Holmes deduces he was carrying the document in the form of microfilm and goes to Washington with Watson to find the killer and retrieve the document before it falls into the hands of an "international spy ring". Before his death, the agent managed to pass the microfilm into the unwitting hands of a Washington debutante and bride-to-be. There are some amusing moments when the microfilm, which has been inserted into a "V for Victory" matchbook, gets passed from hand to hand at a party unknowingly, and at one point is discarded by the chief criminal. Holmes and Watson track down the criminals, rescue the bride-to-be and regain the microfilm.'] ["Alcoholic newspaperman Steve Bramley boards the San Capador for a restful cruise, hoping to quit drinking and begin writing a book. Also on board are Steve's friend Schulte, a private detective hoping to nab criminal Danny Checkett with a fortune in stolen bonds. Steve begins drinking, all the while observing the various stories of other passengers on board, several of whom turn out not to be who they seem to be."] ["Charlie  gets to watch a performance that's to die for. For seven years, opera star Gravelle  has been locked in an insane asylum, his identity a mystery - even to himself. But when his memory unexpectedly returns, he begins to recall that his wife and her lover tried to murder him - and now he's determined to make them face the music."] ['The film opens with Mr. Moto disguising himself as a street salesmen and trying to sell goods to passers-by. He sees a man leaving a shop with a tattoo of the British Flag on his arm. Moto enters and tries to sell a rare diamond to the owner. However, Moto sees a body stuffed into a wicker basket in the store, and using his mastery of judo takes down the owner. Later, he reserves a room on a freighter headed for Shanghai. Also on the freighter is Bob Hitchings Jr., the son of the owner of the freighter. Before leaving, Hitchings Sr. gives his son a confidential letter to be given to the head of the Shanghai branch of the company. Hitchings and Moto become friends , and Moto helps Hitchings get rid of a hangover. Hitchings complains to Moto that he has not met any beautiful women on board. After a brief stop in Honolulu, a beautiful woman named Gloria Danton arrives on the ship, and she and Hitchings fall in love. But Gloria is a spy for Nicolas Marloff, who runs a smuggling operation out of Shanghai. She periodically sends him notes and leaves without saying goodbye to Hitchings. Moto finds a steward looking for Hitchings’s letter, and Moto confronts him, knowing he was the same person who killed the man in the wicker basket, as he also has the tattoo. Moto throws the man overboard and takes the letter. At Shanghai, Hitchings meets up with Joseph B. Wilkie and gives him the letter, but later finds it to be blank. He calls his father, who tells him the letter said to watch out for smugglers. Hitchings is adamant on finding Gloria, and he learns from an unknown person that she is at the “international club”. Both he and Wilkie go there, as well as Moto and his date. Hitchings finds Gloria at the club and goes to her dressing room, as she is a performer at the club. However, the club owner Marloff finds them both, and, knowing Hitchings knows too much, locks them both up. Moto secretly informs his date to call the police, and he looks for Marloff. Posing as a fellow smuggler, he tricks Marloff into leading him to Gloria and Hitchigns. Moto’s date is shot while trying to contact the police, but does manage to tell them where she is. Wilkie finds Marloff, and demands Gloria and Hitchings be released. Marloff finds out that Moto is not a smuggler, but Moto apprehends him. Moto tells Wilkie to get Marloff’s gun, the gun goes off as Wilkie tries to grab it, killing Marloff. The police storm the building, and Moto tells them the Wilkie was the head of the smuggling operation. Wilkie replaced the letter and shot Moto’s date. Moto gave Wilkie the opportunity to kill Marloff, who knew he was in on the plot, and he did. Wilkie is arrested, and everything goes back to normal.'] ['In New York City, a sniper perched on a water tower opens fire on the crowded streets below, killing fifteen pedestrians. Peter Nicholas , a Catholic NYPD detective, arrives at the scene and approaches the sniper as police officers surround the building. Before jumping to his death, the sniper, Harold Gorman, tells Nicholas that God had told him to commit the murders. A traumatized Nicholas is left to wonder how Gorman could have aimed accurately at his distance with a mail order rifle. Nicholas investigates a series of murders being committed by various random, seemingly normal assailants, who claim that God told them to kill. Nicholas finds that the murderers have been influenced by a religious cult leader, Bernard Phillips ([[Richard Lynch  whose origins are a mystery.'] ['Ladies\' man and amateur crime solver Gay Lawrence , the "Gay Falcon", reluctantly agrees to give up both habits to mollify his fiancée, Elinor Benford . He and his uncouth sidekick, Jonathan "Goldie" Locke , become unenthusiastic stockbrokers. When Elinor asks him to attend a party given by Maxine Wood  to mingle with potential clients, he refuses to go to that much trouble. However, when Wood asks for his help via pretty assistant Helen Reed , he cannot resist. It seems that Wood\'s soirees have been plagued by jewel thefts, and she is particularly worried about the diamond of her guest, Vera Gardner . At the party, Elinor becomes annoyed when she figures out why Gay changed his mind about attending, and retaliates by dancing with Manuel Retana . In frustration, she grabs the flower from Retana\'s lapel and flings it at Gay. He calmly picks it up and attaches it to his lapel. Vera Gardner then insists on dancing with Gay; she hands him her diamond secretly, much to his puzzlement, then leaves the room. Moments later, a shot rings out, and she is dead. The killer is seen by Goldie as he makes his getaway. Police Detectives Bates  and Grimes  take Goldie to the police station on suspicion of murder. Gay persuades Inspector Mike Waldeck  to release Goldie so he can flush out the real murderer. Then he and Helen go to see Maxine, leaving Goldie in the car. While they are gone, Goldie is abducted by Noel Weber , Gardner\'s killer. Weber orders Goldie to call Gay to offer to trade Goldie\'s life for the diamond. However, Weber is shot, and once again, Goldie is found by the police near a dead body. By this point, Gay suspects Gardner arranged to have her diamond "stolen" so she could collect on the insurance. The flower was a signal, indicating to whom Gardner was to give the jewel. It should have been Retana. Gay and Helen break into his apartment, but have to hide when the owner enters. He realizes someone has been there and opens a secret compartment to check if it has been found. Relieved, he leaves the room. Gay sneaks in and takes a gun he finds in the compartment, fairly certain it was used to shoot Weber. The police confirm it is the murder weapon. Meanwhile, Gay calls Elinor to warn her to stay away from the killer, but she believes he is lying out of jealousy and tells Retana so. Forewarned, Retana goes to Gay\'s apartment, ties up his servant Jerry , and demands the diamond at gunpoint when Gay returns. Fortunately, he is frightened off when he mistakes Helen at the door for the police. Now certain about his theory, Gay goes to see Maxine, taking Inspector Waldeck along. She tells them she has been receiving threats, so they stand guard in the living room while she sleeps. Retana enters through her bedroom window, but when he lunges at her, Gay and Waldeck charge in. They are puzzled when Retana collapses and dies. Then Gay finds a hypodermic needle on the floor. Gay stops Maxine from stepping on it and destroying the incriminating fingerprints. He reveals that she, her husband Weber, and Retana were responsible for the thefts. The Webers decided to betray Retana, but he found out. Gay realized she must be involved when Goldie was kidnapped; nobody else knew where Goldie was at the time.'] ["After failing the rescue attempt of a raccoon in the Himalayas (a parody of [[Cliffhanger , Ace Ventura undergoes an emotional breakdown and joins a Tibetan monastery. There, he is approached by Fulton Greenwall, a British correspondent working for a provincial consulate in the fictional African country of Nibia. Because Ace's influence is disruptive to the monastery, the Grand Abbot gives Ace excuses by which to justify his departure, and sends him with Greenwall. Thereafter, Greenwall asks Ventura to find the white bat 'Shikaka', a sacred animal of the Wachati tribe, which disappeared shortly after being offered as dowry of the Wachati Princess, who is set to wed the Wachootoo Prince to form armistice between the two people. Accompanied by his capuchin monkey, Spike, Ace travels to Africa to search for the missing bat. After arriving in Nibia and meeting with consul Vincent Cadby, Ace begins investigating his case as well as the possible suspects; but must overcome his fear of bats in order to continue doing so. He travels to the Wachati tribal village, where he learns that if the bat is not returned in time, the Wachootoo will declare war on the Wachati tribe. Thereafter much of Ace's activity involves eliminating obvious suspects--animal traders, poachers, and a Safari park owner among others--and enduring the growing escalations of threat between the Wachati and the Wachootoo. This proves difficult, and is made more so by other incidents including attempts to kill him, a series of gruelling tasks set by the Wachootoo, and the Wachati princess's attempts to seduce him. Perplexed by the mystery, Ace consults the Grand Abbot via astral projection. Advised by the Abbot, Ace deduces that Vincent Cadby has taken the bat and hired Ace to divert suspicion from himself, having planned to let the tribes destroy each other so that he can then take possession of the numerous bat caves containing guano to sell as fertilizer. When Ace confronts Cadby with this knowledge, in which Ace learns he was hired as Cadby's alibi, he is arrested by tribal security chief Hitu; but calls an elephant to escape, and then summons herds of jungle animals to destroy Cadby's house. Cadby then tries to shoot Ace, but is thwarted by Greenwall who punches him in the face. Cadby escapes with the bat in a car, but Ace follows him in a Monster truck. In pursuit, Ace destroys Cadby's car, leaving the bat cage lodged in a tree while Cadby escapes, only to be captured by a male gorilla during its mating season. Ace, despite his chiroptophobia, dramatically returns the bat to the tribes; and Cadby, watching nearby, is discovered by the Wachati Prince Ouda and pursued by both tribes, later to be raped by an amorous silverback gorilla. The Princess is married to the Prince, who is the champion wrestler Ace had to fight as one of the Wachootoo tribal challenges. Moments later, it is discovered that the young bride is no longer a virgin, apparently on Ace's account. Both tribes then pursue Ace, concluding the movie."] ['Tony Rome, an ex-cop turned private investigator, lives on a powerboat in Miami. He is asked by his former partner, Ralph Turpin , to take home a young woman who had been left unconscious in a hotel room. The woman, Diana  Pines , is the daughter of rich construction magnate Rudolph Kosterman , who subsequently hires Rome to find out why his daughter is acting so irrationally. Diana, after regaining consciousness, discovers that a diamond brooch, which she had been wearing the night before, has gone missing. Diana and her stepmother  also hire Rome, in this instance, to find the lost brooch. This, however, leads Rome into a maze of trouble, all the while being hired and counter-hired by Kosterman, his daughter, and his wife.'] ['In the fictional town of Norman, close to San Antonio, the local police is composed of professional assassins. With one exception, the police chief down to the dispatcher are all on the payroll of a local racketeer who makes use of these paid killers to dispose of zealous law enforcement officials are opposed to his operations. When the last remaining honourable member of the force,  is killed, his brother-in-law , a homicide detective from an unidentified city in Kansas begins an investigation of his own.'] ["In 1890, London detective Sherlock Holmes  and his partner and flatmate Dr. John Watson  race to prevent the ritual murder of a woman by Lord Blackwood , who has killed five other young women similarly. They stop the murder before Inspector Lestrade  and the police arrive to arrest Blackwood. Three months later, Holmes' eccentric behavior again annoys Watson. While he enjoys their adventures together, Watson looks forward to marrying Mary Morstan  and leaving 221B Baker Street. Meanwhile, Blackwood has been sentenced to death and requests to see Holmes in prison, where he warns of three more unstoppable deaths that will cause great changes to the world. Blackwood is subsequently hanged and pronounced dead by Watson. Three days later, Holmes is visited by Irene Adler , a professional thief and his former adversary, who asks him to find a missing man named Luke Reordan. After her departure, Holmes follows her as she meets with her secret employer, hidden in the shadows of a carriage. The concealed man states that Reordan is the key to Blackwood's plans. Holmes only learns that the man is a professor and that he intimidates Adler. Blackwood's tomb is destroyed from the inside out, Reordan is found dead inside the coffin, and sightings of a living dead Blackwood, which has left a gravedigger in shock, cause public panic. Following a series of clues from the body, Holmes and Watson find Reordan's home and discover experiments attempting to merge science with magic. After they survive a battle with Blackwood's men, Holmes is taken to the Temple of the Four Orders, a secret magical organization. The leaders – Lord Chief Justice Sir Thomas Rotheram , U.S. Ambassador Standish ([[William Hope , and Home Secretary Lord Coward  – ask Holmes to stop Blackwood, a former member of the society and, as Holmes deduces from physical similarities, Sir Thomas's son. Sir Thomas and Standish are later killed through apparently supernatural means by Blackwood, allowing him to control the Order. He plans to overthrow the British government, then conquer the United States and the world. He lures Holmes to a warehouse where he finds Adler, chained to a hook, gagged, and heading towards a bandsaw, though he saves her in time. However, Watson is injured in a series of explosions set up by Blackwood. Lord Coward, secretly working with Blackwood, issues an arrest warrant for Holmes.  Holmes goes into hiding and studies Blackwood's rituals, concluding that the next target is Parliament. Holmes tricks Coward into revealing that the plan is to kill its members. He, Adler and Watson discover a machine below the Palace of Westminster, based on Reordan's experiments, designed to release cyanide gas into the Parliament chambers, killing everyone but Blackwood and his supporters, to whom Blackwood slipped the antidote. Blackwood walks into Parliament and announces that soon all but his supporters will die. As Holmes and Watson battle Blackwood's men, Adler removes the cyanide containers from the machine and flees, pursued by Holmes. Blackwood and Coward realize their plan has failed; Coward is captured but Blackwood escapes. Holmes confronts Adler on top of the incomplete Tower Bridge, but is interrupted by Blackwood. As Holmes and Blackwood fight, Holmes tricks him into becoming entangled in the ropes and chains hanging over the Thames, while Holmes explains the technical trickery behind Blackwood's supposed magic. After a climatic fight, Blackwood, with a noose of chains around his neck, falls from the bridge and is hanged. Adler explains that her employer is Professor Moriarty, warning that Moriarty is as intelligent as Holmes but far more devious. As Watson moves out of 221B, the police report to him and Holmes that a dead officer was found near Blackwood's device. Moriarty used the confrontations with Adler and Blackwood as a diversion while he took a key component, based on the new science of radio, from the machine. Holmes looks forward to the new case and new adversary."] ['Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Serling  was involved in a friendly fire incident in Al Bathra during the Gulf War. He was an M1 Abrams tank battalion commander who, during the nighttime confusion of Iraqi tanks infiltrating his unit\'s lines, gave the order to fire, destroying one of his own tanks and killing his friend Captain Boylar. The details were covered up , and Serling was shuffled off to a desk job. Later, he is assigned to determine if Army Captain Karen Emma Walden  should be the first woman to receive  the Medal of Honor for valor in combat. A Medevac Huey commander, she was sent to rescue the crew of a Black Hawk that had been shot down. Finding them under heavy fire from an Iraqi tank and infantry, her men dropped an auxiliary fuel bladder on the tank and ignited it with a flare gun. Shortly after, her helicopter was also hit and downed. The two crews were unable to join forces. The survivors were rescued the next day, but Walden had been killed. At first, everything seems to be straightforward, but Serling begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses. Walden\'s co-pilot, Warrant Officer One A. Rady , praises Walden\'s character and performance, but was hit and rendered unconscious early on. Serling then sees Walden\'s medic, Specialist Ilario , who also praises Walden; by his account, Walden was the one who came up with the idea of the improvised incendiary. Staff Sergeant Monfriez , however, tells Serling that Walden was a coward and that he was responsible for destroying the tank. The members of the other downed crew mention that they heard the distinctive sound of an M16 being used in the firefight during the rescue around the other helicopter, but Walden\'s crew denies firing one during the rescue, as theirs was out of ammunition. When Serling visits Walden\'s crew chief, Sergeant Altameyer , who is dying of cancer in a hospital, Altameyer manages to get some words out, further confusing Serling, before self-medicating himself into unconsciousness. Under pressure from the White House and his commander, Brigadier General Hershberg , to wrap things up quickly, Serling leaks the story to newspaper reporter Tony Gartner  to prevent another cover up. When Serling puts pressure on Monfriez during a car ride, Monfriez forces him to get out of the vehicle at gunpoint, then commits suicide by driving into an oncoming train. After finding an AWOL Ilario, Serling discovers that Monfriez wanted to escape under cover of darkness, which would have meant leaving Rady behind. Altameyer was ready to follow his lead and Ilario was wavering, but Walden refused to go along, resulting in an armed standoff with Monfriez. When an Iraqi infantryman appeared suddenly behind Monfriez, Walden fired at him. Mistakenly believing he was the target, Monfriez shot back and seriously wounded her. Walden, however, regained control of her men. The next morning, Walden stayed behind to cover their evacuation, firing the M16. Monfriez deliberately lied to the rescuers, telling them that she was dead so she would be left behind. Altameyer, injured and unable to say anything but "no!", was ignored. Ilario remains silent, as A-10s napalm the wreckage. Serling presents his final report to Hershberg. Walden\'s young daughter receives the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony. Later, Serling tearfully tells the Boylars the truth about the manner of their son\'s death and they forgive him for his role in it. In the last moments of the film, it is shown that Walden had transported Boylar\'s body away from the battlefield.'] ['Steve Michel  and his henchmen hijack a valuable shipment of furs, but botch the job by killing a night watchman. Police detective Dick Tracy  is brought in to investigate the fur thefts connected with murder with the assistance of his partner Pat Patton  as well as the flamboyant Vitamin Flintheart  and "Sightless" . This leads him to look into possible higher-ups who may have ordered the robbery. Tracy soon learns that the person behind it all is Steve Michel, a hook-wielding criminal who calls himself "The Claw." Before Tracy can unravel the bigger picture and the larger forces at work, the Claw dispatches more victims in a gruesome manner. Finally, when Tracy shows up to arrest him, the two engage in a high-speed chase. While on the run, the Claw electrocutes himself by plunging his hook into electrical wires while trying to kill Tracy.'] ['In this adaptation of Dashiell Hammett\'s "The Farewell Murder",{{cite book}} Nick  and Nora  Charles are back in New York with Asta and a new arrival - Nicky Jr. They are invited by Colonel Burr MacFay  to spend the weekend at his house on Long Island. McFay desperately wants Nick to put his well-known detective skills to work, as he has been receiving threats from Phil Church , a very shady character. When MacFay is killed, Church seems to be the obvious suspect. However, Nick is skeptical. He suspects there is something far more complicated going on. MacFay\'s housekeeper, daughter and various hangers-on all may have had an interest in seeking the old man\'s demise.'] ["Lester March  is a 25-year old orphan who is an electronics repairman. However, his real passion is detective novels, and he dreams of someday becoming one. His best friend, Pete Flint ([[Jesse White  is a detective, and they see a program about a weathly, single woman, Cecilia Albright (Mae Questel} who is looking for her long-lost nephew. The mention of a $100,000 reward gets their attention. Flint allows March to join him as they sneak into the Albright mansion in hopes of solving the mystery and collecting the reward. During their attempt to sneak in, Albright's lawyer  sees them and recognizes March as being the long-lost nephew, Charles Albright, Jr. The lawyer was responsible for Charles Albright, Sr.'s death, and his plan is to marry Cecilia and kill her to inherit the entire fortune. With the help of the butler , they plan to kill March so he does not interfere with that plan. The family nurse, Wanda Paxton  discovers March's identity and falls in love with him. The lawyer's plans are foiled, March's identity is revealed, and Paxton and March are married."] ['Ward stars as 1940s hardboiled private detective Phillip Lovecraft, in a fictional universe where magic is real, monsters and mythical beasts stalk the back alleys, zombies are used as cheap labor, and everyone — except Lovecraft — uses magic every day. Yet, cars, telephones and other modern technology also exist in this world.'] ['Albert Aachen is found dead, the murder weapon a poison dart. When a woman named Betty Barnard becomes the next victim, detective Hercule Poirot suspects that Sir Carmichael Clarke could be in grave danger. As he and Captain Hastings look into the crimes, a beautiful woman with an interesting monogram named Amanda Beatrice Cross becomes the focus of their investigation, at least until she leaps into the Thames.'] ['During a homicide investigation, FBI agent Terry McCaleb goes outside to address the media when he spots the killer in the crowd. But the chase ends after McCaleb suffers a heart attack. Now retired, he lives in a houseboat on the Long Beach bay. He has been given a second chance at life by receiving the heart of a murder victim. He is approached by a woman named Graciella Rivers, whose sister was killed during a robbery and asks him to solve the case. It gets personal when McCaleb realizes the victim was the woman whose heart was transplanted into him. McCaleb defies the advice of his physician, Dr. Bonnie Fox, and sets out to find the killer with the help of his neighbor Buddy Noone, who lives on a houseboat near his, and a local police detective, Jaye Winston.'] ['Charlie Chan is engaged by an heir to solve a mystery on a boat. Mrs. Nodbury seeks a pirate treasure on Cocos Island, and the ship she uses is an old sailing ship used in the recent past as a museum of pirate lore by one of her relatives. For safety, she has split her map into four pieces, which she gave to some of the passengers whom she has invited to go along with her, but tells no one who they are. When she is scared to death Chan must clear up the mystery while the ship is still at the dock.'] ["Andre Shame  is a private detective formerly of the LAPD, who left the force after failing to crack the case on drug lord Ernesto Mendoza . The investigation of Mendoza's case was a personal one for Shame, as his ex-girlfriend Angela  was caught in the middle of a love triangle with the two men. Years later, Sonny Rothmiller , Shame's ex-colleague who is now working for the DEA, tells him that the Mendoza case is being re-opened, and though he has his doubts, Shame decides the case is too intriguing to pass on, and tells Sonny to count him in. The situation gets rather complicated when Shame's old flame Angela resurfaces in his life, and he also realizes that some of his allegiances aren't what, or whom, they seem to be on the surface. Tagline: He's armed and dangerously funny."] ['When a top oil executive dies mysteriously aboard his private jet, the company\'s board suspects foul play and hires Hugh "Bulldog" Drummond to investigate. Attempts on his own life lead him to believe two lovely females are "hit men" for an international crime syndicate. Drummond pursues them from foggy London to the sunny Mediterranean, but finds himself trapped in a deadly game of cat and mouse with a diabolical mastermind. It is revealed that Carl Petersen  is the evil genius behind the assassinations  and that his own assassination was faked. Using two female assassins, Irma  and Penelope , Petersen kills anyone who either attempt to uncover his alter ego or block his attempts at making money. The finale involves Petersen\'s attempt at killing King Fedra, who refuses to sell his oil fields. Grace, who unknowingly reveals to Peterson that she is disillusioned with Peterson while talking to Drummond, is unwittingly used to carry a plastic explosive onto the King\'s yacht. While playing against Petersen in a game of chess that uses giant motorized pieces, Drummond attempts to escape from Petersen\'s castle, where he is a prisoner. In the process, Drummond kills Petersen\'s bodyguard Chang  and presumably kills Petersen himself by dropping him down an exploding hole in the chessboard . Irma and Penelope, forced to be near Grace on King Fedra\'s yacht while Drummond tries to find the bomb, escape when one of King Fedra\'s guard is distracted by Grace\'s off-screen nudity while Drummond is searching her. After a seemingly successful escape, Irma comments to the other that the bomb was in Grace\'s hairclip. Penelope is shocked, for she envied Grace\'s chignon  and replaced it with her own . The two assassins are killed instantly when the hairclip explodes, destroying their motorboat.'] ["Manhattan psychiatrist Dr. Sam Rice  is visited by glamorous, enigmatic Brooke Reynolds , who works at Crispin's - an art auction house apparently modeled after Christie's. Brooke was having an affair with one of Rice's patients, George Bynum , who has just been murdered. Brooke asks the doctor to return a watch to Bynum's wife and not reveal the affair. Rice is visited by NYPD Detective Vitucci  but refuses to give any information on Bynum, a patient for two years. After the police warn him that he could become a target because the killer may believe he knows something, Rice reviews the case files detailing Bynum's affairs with various women at Crispin's, including Brooke. Bynum had also expressed concern, claiming a wealthy friend had once killed someone, and Bynum was the only person who knew about this. He wondered if this friend might kill again. The police believe Bynum's killer is a woman. Rice gradually falls for Brooke but believes he is being followed. He is mugged by someone who takes his coat, whereupon the mugger is killed in the same manner as Bynum. Rice tries to interpret clues from the case file with his psychiatrist mother, Grace , including a strange dream of Bynum's in which he finds a green box in a cabinet in a dark house and is then chased up a narrow staircase by a little girl carrying a bleeding teddy bear. Brooke's behavior becomes increasingly suspicious. Rice tails her to a family estate on Long Island. She explains her guilt in the accidental death of her father, and claims Bynum threatened to reveal this secret if she broke off their affair. Rice pieces together that Bynum's previous girlfriend was Gail Peters  who blames Brooke for their breakup. Peters is trying to frame Brooke and she has killed Vitucci. Now she arrives at the estate to kill Brooke and Rice. As they are about to leave, Brooke forgets her keys and goes back into the dark house, alone, to retrieve them, while Rice waits in his car. Gail appears in the back seat of the car and stabs Rice with a knife. Gail then chases Brooke through the house, recapitulating Bynum's dream. Brooke narrowly escapes, as Gail falls to her death over a railing. Sam is not seriously hurt and is embraced by Brooke."] ['A murder case has occurred and the police are unable to find loopholes in the alibi of the main suspect, Ms Yasuko Hanaoka, thus creating obstacles in the investigation. Detective Kaoru Utsumi again sought the help of professor Manabu Yukawa who, seeing the case has nothing to do with physics, initially refuses to help. However, after a happy reunion with his genius classmate, Tetsuya Ishigami, for whom he has high admiration and who is also the neighbor of the main suspect, he senses that Ishigami is in love with Hanaoka and decides to investigate the case on his own. He succeeds in cracking the case only to reveal a sad and shocking truth that will do no good to all parties save the police. Despite having a reputation of being emotionless when solving cases, this time Yukawa is much affected by the outcome.'] ['A caravan settles down for the night in the Gobi Desert. A man sneaks into a tent and tries to steal a scroll, but adventurer and soldier of fortune Kentaro Moto  is only pretending to be asleep and kills him. When the caravan reaches Peiping, Moto is searched by the police. The scroll is found, but he grabs it and escapes. He changes his clothes and accepts an invitation to a party hosted by Colonel Tchernov  in honor of American Eleanor Joyce . During the soirée, Moto observes another guest, Chinese Prince Chung  leaving his mother to speak privately with Tchernov in another room. Tchernov offers to buy certain family heirloom scrolls from Chung. When Chung refuses to part with them, Tchernov draws a pistol, but is killed  by Moto. Joyce stumbles upon the scene and watches in disbelief as Moto calmly stages it to look like a suicide. Moto politely advises her not to say anything to avoid an international incident. Later, as a favor to his rescuer, Chung grants Moto\'s request to see the scrolls. Chung informs him that the set of seven scrolls give directions to the lost grave of Genghis Khan. The Chungs are determined to see that it and its fabulous treasures are left undisturbed. However, one of the scrolls had been lent for an exhibition of artwork and was stolen. A dealer in antiquities, Pereira , shows Joyce some of his wares. She is interested in a  scroll, but the price is far too high. While shopping the next day with smitten diplomat Tom Nelson ([[Thomas Beck , they observe Moto entering Pereira\'s shop. Moto gets Pereira to confess he had stolen the authentic scroll, but before he can obtain any more information, Pereira is shot and killed by a gunman in a car which speeds away. Moto returns to his apartment, only to find it ransacked. Sensing that the would-be thief has not left, Moto leaves his gun lying around. Schneider  holds him at gunpoint and forces Moto to give him the scroll. When Moto tries to flee, Schneider shoots him several times with Moto\'s gun. However, the gun was filled with harmless blanks; Moto trails Schneider back to Madame Tchernov . When they leave to rendezvous with the rest of their gang, Moto starts to follow, but is knocked out by the butler, Ivan , another one of the crooks. Joyce, who had been comforting the widow, is taken as a hostage. The arch-villain , Herr Koerger , forces Prince Chung to reveal where the scrolls are kept by striking his mother. As they are leaving, Madame Chung attacks Koerger with a knife and is killed. Meanwhile, Nelson finds and revives Moto. They rush to the Chungs, but arrive too late. The dishonored prince commits suicide after they untie him; Moto comforts him before he dies by promising to avenge the Chung family and safeguard the tomb. The two men track the criminals to a junk. After another attempt to kill him, Moto informs Koerger that the scroll he gave Schneider is a fake. He offers to split Genghis Khan\'s treasure. Then he sows dissent by telling Madame Tchernov that Koerger is dumping her for Joyce, which the quick-thinking American "confirms". This provides enough of a distraction for Moto to kill Koerger. Afterwards, to the dismay of Joyce and Nelson, Mr. Moto burns the scrolls to fulfill his promise to Chung.'] ['The Merrick gang pull off a diamond robbery and murder a police officer investigating their crimes. A paper with the cryptic writing "AD 1935" is found on the murdered officer\'s body. Outsmarted by the gang, the police assistant commissioner and Inspector Cardby decide to have Pete Borden, a new recruit who the gang would not know, go undercover and join the gang. When he enters a casino, Natascha is sent to check him out. He pretends to be looking for a fence to sell his stolen jewelry. Reassured, the gang recruits him. Merrick  first assigns him to check on Delaney, a crooked bookie. Pete then meets Newell, a lawyer. The gang then installs Pete in an flat; he tosses a note containing the address to a policeman when no one is looking. Two police detectives let the flat opposite. One of them is deaf, and equipped with binoculars, can read Pete\'s lips when he silently mouths what he has discovered. The gang plans to steal the necklace of prominent socialite Lady Mead at a party she is giving. Pete goes to the party with Natascha, while the police attend the party undercover, and send Lady Sybil, a society gossip columnist, to observe. At the party, Pete runs into Conway Addison, a lawyer. The lights go out, and when it goes back on, Natascha has escaped with the stolen necklace. Inspector Cardby pretends to arrest Pete, but lets him go once they are outside. Natascha later visits Pete and tells him that she wants to leave the gang, but one of the crooks is eavesdropping. She claims Merrick sent her to test Pete. The gangster checks with his boss and finds out she was lying. With his plans being tipped off to the police, Merrick soon suspects Pete. This is confirmed when the police notify the next target, who notifies Merrick. The mastermind pretends to accept Pete\'s proposal for a robbery. However, while the police are waiting for them there, the gang actually strike elsewhere. Pete is taken to an isolated country house. Merrick finally lets Pete see him, as he intends to kill the policeman; it is Conway Addison. Addison explains he took to crime after becoming bored with his job. While Natascha is being taken to the same place, she causes the car to go off the road. She then tells a police officer where she was heading. To avoid tipping Merrick off, she shows up at the house. Merrick, having decided to retire, tries to gas the whole gang, Pete and Natasha to cover his tracks. However, Pete manages to break out of the locked room, and the police arrive in time to shoot Conway and arrest the rest of his gang.'] [' Martin , a US student at the University of Oxford, wants Arthur Seldom  as his thesis supervisor. He idolises Seldom and has learned all about him. He takes accommodation in Oxford at the house of Mrs. Eagleton , an old friend of Seldom. Also in the house is her daughter, Beth , who is her full time caregiver — which she resents bitterly — and a musician by occupation. In a public lecture, Seldom quotes Wittgenstein\'s Tractatus to deny the possibility of absolute truth. Hoping to impress his idol, Martin disputes this, asserting his faith in the absolute truth of mathematics: "I believe in the number pi." Seldom humiliates him, ridiculing his arguments and making him look foolish in front of the audience. Disillusioned, Martin decides to abandon his studies and goes to his office to collect his belongings. There, he encounters his office-mate, a bitter mathematician Podorov , who also failed to become a student of Seldom\'s. Martin then returns to his residence, where he finds Seldom arriving to visit Mrs. Eagleton. The two men enter the house together and find Martin\'s landlady murdered. Seldom tells the police that he had received a note with his friend\'s address marked as "the first of a series". As Seldom is an authority on logical series, he argues that a serial killer is using murder as a way to challenge his intelligence. According to Seldom, "The only perfect crime that exists is not the one that remains unsolved, but the one which is solved with the wrong culprit.""Elijah wood in \'The Oxford Murders\'," Hollywood Reporter. June 28, 2010; the credit for coining this clever phrase, which was highlighted in the trailer, goes to Guillermo Martinez Martin and Seldom discuss how easily the murder of the old lady might have been overlooked, particularly as she already suffered from terminal cancer, and Martin suggests that the murderer is committing \'imperceptible murders\' - meaning that the killer is choosing victims who are already dying therefore meaning that the police would be less likely to suspect foul play. Martin goes to the hospital where his girlfriend Lorna  works. There he meets a religious fanatic , who has a daughter in dire need of a lung transplant. He also runs into Seldom, who is visiting a former student who went mad and suffers from a debilitating bone disease. Soon after, the patient who shares the room with Seldom\'s friend dies of an apparent lethal injection and the authorities receive a second symbol: two interlocking arcs. Martin and Lorna\'s relationship becomes strained as he becomes more obsessed with Seldom and the murders and discovers that Lorna had once been Seldom\'s lover. At a Guy Fawkes Night concert, Martin sees Podorov acting suspiciously and the police give chase, only to discover that Podorov had merely intended to hang an insulting banner from the school roof. While they are distracted a member of the orchestra collapses and dies from respiratory failure. A drawing of a triangle is found on his music stand. Afterwards, Seldom tells Martin a story about a nineteenth century man who had written a diary listing ways to kill his wife. When the wife discovered the diary she killed her husband but was acquitted by a jury on grounds of self defense. Decades later, the diary was discovered to have been forged by the woman\'s lover. Seldom uses this story to explain that the perfect crime is not one which is never solved, but one which is solved incorrectly. All of Oxford\'s mathematics community is excited as a local researcher claims to have solved Fermat\'s last theorem. The Mathemeticians, including Seldom and Martin board a bus to head to the conference, but Martin jumps out after seeing Lorna passing on the street. The two reconcile and agree to take a long vacation away from Oxford, Mathematics, and Seldom. After making love with Lorna, Martin realizes that the sequence the killer has sent them all consist of Pythagorean symbols and that the fourth one will be a tetractys, consisting of ten points. The police, thinking that the killer is obsessed with Seldom, believe that he means to target the bus which Seldom and the other mathematicians are on. However, the killer, as Martin realizes, is actually the man he had met at the hospital. The man is a bus driver for a school for developmentally disabled children. Seeing the students as unfit to live and wanting to provide organ donors to save his own daughter\'s life he blows up his bus, killing the children inside and himself. Afterwards the police theorize that he had planned to escape the blast alive and had committed the other murders in order to present the deaths of the schoolchildren as the work of a serial killer, thus shifting blame from himself. Afterwards, Lorna and Martin prepare to leave Oxford. However, Martin realizes that Seldom has been lying to him the entire time. As Lorna leaves in disgust, Martin travels to meet Seldom. He explains what he has figured out. Beth, wanting to be relieved of the responsibility of caring for her mother, had murdered the old woman as the police had initially suspected. In a panic she had called Seldom who came over to help cover up the crime. But Seldom arrived just as Martin did and so could not clean up the crime scene. Instead he invented the story about receiving a note from the killer in order to throw suspicion off of Beth. The man at the hospital had died of natural causes with Seldom merely creating a fake injection mark and leaving a symbol behind. The death of the musician at the concert was a fortuitous accident which Seldom took advantage of. Seldom argues that while he did indeed lie, his actions resulted in no deaths. However, Martin points out that the bus bomber took his inspiration from Seldom\'s string of murders. Seldom counters that all actions have unintended consequences and that Martin\'s flirtations with Beth had led to her murdering her mother.  The characters debate several mathematical, physical and philosophical concepts such as logical series, Wittgenstein\'s rule-following paradox, Heisenberg\'s Principle of Uncertainty, Gödel\'s Theorem, circles, the Vesica Piscis, the possibility of perfect crime, Fermat\'s Last Theorem and its proof by Professor Wiles, the Taniyama conjecture, the tetraktys and the Pythagoreans. There are references, also, of the Butterfly effect.  "Logic series" is not actually an established topic in mathematical logic or mathematics. Contrary to what Seldom states in his lecture at the beginning of the film, the argument of Wittgenstein\'s Tractatus does not actually proceed by the use of equations  and it is not expressed in the formal language of mathematical logic; the argument is rather a philosophical argument expressed in normal, albeit idiosyncratic, language. Professor Andrew Wiles, who solved Fermat\'s Last Theorem, is represented as "Professor Wilkes" of Cambridge University in the film, and Fermat\'s Last Theorem is represented as "Bormat\'s Last Theorem".'] ['The film involves a former police officer  seeking revenge after being falsely imprisoned for a murder he did not commit in San Quentin for five years. He returns and hunts the San Francisco waterfront for the Mob racketeers who are responsible'] ['The Minx is by turns an action/thriller and a comedy. The film\'s plot details the adventures of Linnea Chiang, a mild-mannered tobacconist by day and a masked master thief by night; like some modern day Robin Hood, the black vinyl-clad "Minx" robs large corporations and gives the money away to homeless people on the streets of Chicago. Over the course of the film\'s plot turns, Linnea develops relationships with two very different men: Joseph Van Zwick, the ruthless CEO of the corrupt "World Energy" company, and Edgar Alvarez, an idealistic young reporter for "The Windy City Weekly," Chicago\'s leading alternative newspaper. In an ironic twist, Edgar is assigned to write a story on the Minx, never dreaming that Linnea, the woman he has become romantically involved with, could be her alter-ego. As both of these men, as well as Chief Inspector Chiapetti of the Chicago police, begin to close in on the Minx\'s true identity, Linnea is forced to make a decision about her future that will affect the lives of everyone involved.'] ['Buddy Manucci (played by Scheider, a loose remake of the character of Buddy "Cloudy" Russo he played in [[The French Connection  has been getting flak from the higher-ups in the New York City police force he works for because his team of renegade policemen, known as The Seven-Ups  has been using unorthodox methods to capture criminals; this is illustrated as the team ransacks an antiques store that is a front for the running of counterfeit money. Also, lately, there has been a rash of kidnappings; the twist is that it seems that only upper echelon criminals  are the ones being kidnapped, illustrated when Max Kalish is kidnapped and a ransom is paid at a car wash. This leads to many plot twists in which Manucci tries to figure out the puzzle, with help supplied to him by an informant , who turns out to be untrustworthy, leading to the death of one of the Seven-Up officers. Manucci figures out the puzzle, but not before The Seven-Ups splinter from the fallout of the film\'s events, and Manucci\'s life is placed in jeopardy.'] ["A man begins to investigate on his own the death of his brother, who died from eating a hamburger laced with ground glass. With the police case stalled because of ineptness, the man's own investigation leads him toward a beatnik hang-out frequented by Nico , a shady character who supplies drugs to the patrons and philosophizes about the ills of the world."] ['Bubba Mabry , a notoriously gullible private detective, is hired to snoop on a tabloid reporter by a mysterious celebrity known only as Mr. Aaron . When the tabloid reporter is murdered, Mabry becomes the prime suspect in his death.'] ["Mike is hired to protect Chris Jameson , an old flame who he hasn't seen in almost 20 years. Chris heads up an all female high-risk courier agency that has become tied up in a dangerous exchange involving high-stakes bribes by an American helicopter manufacturer to a corrupt General in Central America. Chris nonetheless drops dead in the middle of testifying before a grand jury, but not before informing Mike that he has a 19-year-old daughter who is caught in the middle of everything and might already be dead. Screenwriter Bill Stratton was awarded the Edgar in the category of Best Mystery Teleplay Special, the first time any Spillane-inspired material was ever given the MWA's top award."] ["Jo Pil-seong is an idle detective who spends his time scratching off lottery tickets in his office, while his wife and children work in a manwha shop. Pil-seong secretly takes his wife's emergency money of ₩300,000 and tells his friend to bet it on a bull name Gomi in a bullfight. Gomi is declared as a winner, and Pil-seong's friends celebrate their victory later that night as they wait for him to arrive. Meanwhile, an escaped prisoner named Song Gi-tae intervenes in the celebration and steals Pil-seong's money. When Pil-seong finds out what has happened he confronts the criminal, but suffers a humiliating defeat. Pil-seong reports to his colleagues and his boss that he encountered the infamous Gi-tae, but none of them believed in him. In an attempt to recapture Gi-tae, Pil-seong decides to recruit his friends  and found him inside a house with his girlfriend, Kyeong-Joo. Formulating a plan, Pil-seong tells his friends to stand by the outside window of where Gi-tae was, while Pil-seong himself sneaks into the house, armed with pepper spray. Gi-tae, however, was aware of Pil-seong's presence and once escaped before the police arrived. Before leaving, Gi-tae takes out his knife, stabs Pil-seong's right hand, and warns him that the next time he'll kill him if he tries to capture him again. Suffering from public humiliation as well as being kicked out of the house by his wife , Pil-seong decides to train himself in fighting Gi-tae. When taking taekwondo lessons one day, Pil-seong learns that the upper part of the human rib cage is the vulnerable area of taking his opponents down. He later buys himself his own handgun as his own personal defense weapon. In the next encounter of Gi-tae, Pil-seong got him surrounded by keeping Kyeong-joo hostage. As he forced Gi-tae to keep moving on, Pil-seong's friends intervened, causing Gi-tae to escape once again. Pil-seong's friends begged him to give up capturing Gi-tae for his own sake, but he refuses. Meanwhile, one of Gi-tae's accomplice, Pyo Jae-seok, was arrested by Pil-seong. He confiscates Jae-seok's handphone and orders him to bring back the money that Gi-tae stole from him. Learning that Gi-tae was hiding somewhere in a fishing village, Pil-seong uses a bullhorn and asks Gi-tae to reveal himself. Realizing that Pil-seong has the money and Jaeseok's cell phone, Gi-tae calls him and tells him that he is next to the manwha shop where his family works. Holding a gasoline tank, he gives Pil-seong one hour to meet him and bring the money, or else he'll destroy the manwha shop with his family inside. Pil-seong did as he was told but also asked his colleagues and policemen to arrive in his family's manwha shop. Pil-seong arrived in a small fenced area and buried the money, before Gi-tae came. Wanting to capture Gi-tae, he non-fatally shoots him in the stomach with his handgun. He discards his handgun and takes Gi-tae's knife and asks for a fair fight. The battle then ensures as both Pil-seong and Gi-tae beat each other up to the pulp. Finally cornering Pil-seong, Gi-tae asks him for the money and threatens to kill him if he doesn't. Gi-tae finds the money and walks off. However, Pil-seong regained consciousness and eventually defeats his opponent by accurately striking him in the upper rib cage. Pil-seong is barely conscious from the fight, but is satisfied on his efforts of capturing Gi-tae. Pil-seong's colleagues later finds him in the cell sleeping with Gi-tae handcuffed. Few days later, Pil-seong and his colleagues was awarded for a higher position as officers and led a ceremonial parade to Pil-seong's daughter's school. The film ends as Pil-seong and the fellow officers gave a salute."] ['The Baker Street Irregulars investigate as several of their members go missing, while also trying to prevent Sherlock Holmes — who is undergoing a personal crisis — being convicted of murder.'] ['Feluda played by Soumitra, the sharp and witty detective from Calcutta, his cousin Topshe and friend Lalmohan Ganguly played by Santosh Dutta visit Benaras , a town on the banks of Ganges. In Benaras they meet a Bengali family. On coming to know that Feluda is a famous detective the head of this family invites him to his place and tells him about theft of an idol of Ganesha, the elephant God. This idol is made of pure gold and is a prized possession of the family,which the ancestor has brought from Nepal and is supposed to bring good luck to the family. "Maganlal Meghraj"  a wealthy businessman from Benaras has had his eyes set on the idol. Feluda promises to help the family in finding the idol. Meanwhile, the sculptor who was sculpting the Durga idol for the Durga Puja festival is murdered and the mystery deepens. Feluda uses his brilliant detective skills to unravel the mystery and bring the culprits to the book. The story has two sub plots. On the one hand, it is the story of the acquisitive instinct of a greedy Marwari businessman, who would spare no expenses or ways to get what he desires, even if it is at the cost of murdering some innocents and bribing the willing. On the other, it is also the tale of cautionary foresight exercised by the family head. The sights and sounds and the brilliant cinematography and photographic imagery takes the nostalgic viewer to a lost world of the innocence, the beauty and the freshness of a north Indian town, that is at once, far from the madding corruptibility of big cities. Subaltern texts like the caste and the communal divide do make their presence felt, but they exist as subplots, that further enrich the viewer\'s understanding.'] ['Michael Rogers , a young drifter currently employed as a chauffeur, has a chance meeting with the lovely Ellie Thomsen . He dreams of building a magnificent house on a particular spot of land along the Devon coast. Unknown to him, she is actually a wealthy heiress and can make his dream come true. With the help of her efficient German companion, Greta , they marry and build a memorable home designed by noted architect Santonix , much to the disapproval of Ellie\'s family, who try to buy off Michael. However, the land the couple purchased is known as "Gypsy\'s Acre" and is said to carry a curse. Mysterious accidents pile up, a self-proclaimed gypsy haunts the grounds, and after a midnight accident, Greta moves in with the couple to nurse Ellie back to health, to the resentment of Michael. A further equestrian accident results in the death of Ellie, and Michael is shattered. With the aid of her lawyer "Uncle" Andrew  and Greta, Michael pulls together. But he remains haunted by ghostly images of Ellie and a devious murder plot--and another death--are revealed in the finale.British Film Institute'] ["Drummond is hired after a series of inexplicable accidents befall the people and companies who are responsible for developing the world's first supersonic airliner, the SST1. Drummond, with the help of another agent, uncovers a plot by a mastermind named Carl Petersen, who stands to gain eight million pounds if the aircraft is not ready by a certain date. Petersen has developed a number of robots: beautiful girls with electronic brains to help him sabotage the SST1 project by means of infrasound  which can be directed at people or objects with devastating results."] ['A British policeman travels to France in 1938, to investigate the death of one of his colleagues. He becomes interested by a family of wealthy Britons who live in luxury in a French coastal resort, and who were heavily involved with the dead man. He soon uncovers a number of dark secrets which the family has tried to conceal.'] ['Convicted murderer "Turk"  escapes from police custody, crashing through a washroom window as a train pulls into Grand Central Station in New York. He telephones his former girlfriend, Broadway star Mida King , and threatens to kill her. She leaves her show between acts and hides in a private train car on a siding at the station, planning to leave town and marry her rich, high society fiance, David V. Henderson . However, her body is found by David and his ex-fiancee, Connie Furness . Police Inspector Gunther  is called in to solve the crime. The doctor at the scene is unable to determine the cause of death. Turk is recaptured, and wisecracking private detective "Rocky" Custer , whom Turk had hired, is also brought in, as he had helped his client evade the police. Other suspects are rounded up: Mida\'s greedy phony psychic stepfather Ramon ; her ex-husband Paul Rinehart , who works at the station; and her producer Frankie Ciro . Also mixed in are Mida\'s maid, ex-burlesque singer Pearl Delroy  and her daughter "Baby" , Mida\'s understudy. Then Roger Furness , Connie\'s magnate father and chairman of the board of the railroad, shows up to guard his daughter\'s interests. Gunther gets each to tell what they know, with the unwelcome assistance of Rocky. It turns out that the victim was a calculating gold digger. Like the inspiration of her stage name, King Midas, everything  she touched, turned to gold for her purse. She had used each successive boyfriend as a stepping stone, then discarded each in turn, in her climb up the social ladder. Landing millionaire David was to have been her crowning achievement, the fulfillment of her lifelong ambition. Frankie finds her, but she calms his anger at the prospect of losing the star of his expensive production by telling him that she plans to get a rich divorce settlement in about six months, more than enough to finance an even more lavish show. This conversation is overheard by David, giving him a motive. During the investigation, Ramon dies, apparently of a weak heart. Rocky is able to solve the case and show that Ramon too had been murdered. The killer electrocuted Mida while she was in the shower of the locked railway car by connecting the plumbing to the electrified third rail. When he went to return the wiring to the storage locker, he was spotted by Ramon. The murderer paid Ramon off, but later got rid of the loose end with poison. Rocky identifies the man as Roger Furness. Furness breaks away and jumps aboard a departing train, only to fall off to his death on the third rail.'] ['Iberia Parish Sheriff\'s Detective Dave Robicheaux  is investigating the murder of a young woman and has a chance encounter with a pair of Hollywood stars, Elrod Sykes  and his girlfriend Kelly Drummond , who are in the small town to make a Civil War film. Due to the erratic driving, Dave determines that Elrod is driving drunk and decides to arrest him. Elrod, objecting to being sent to jail, tells Dave of a decayed corpse that he and Kelly had found in the swamp. Dave goes to investigate while remembering a murder he had witnessed as a teenager where a chained prisoner was shot in the swamp and disappeared into the bog. The discovery is soon tied to several murders in that area that had occurred recently, mostly to young runaways and prostitutes. The clues seem to point to Julie "Baby Feet" Balboni  whose ties with the mafia had caused Dave and him to drift apart and become enemies. Balboni denies knowing the prostitute whose murder is being investigated. With little to go on, Dave visits the film site and meets the producer Michael Goldman  who states that while Baby Feet is helping to fund the film, he is not a co-producer as he had said. Meanwhile, Dave\'s home life is disrupted by Elrod and Kelly, who begin turning up regularly, almost every time with Elrod being drunk. This prompts Dave to take pity on him as he, too, is a struggling alcoholic. His daughter, Alafair  looks up to movie star Elrod, but wife Bootsie  has concerns. The discovery of a second body prompts the FBI to become involved in the case. Dave is partnered with agent Rosie Gomez . Dave attends a birthday party for Goldman and, though drinking Dr Pepper, becomes terribly uncoordinated during his drive home and crashes his pickup truck, sending him off in a daze to the forest. There he encounters a camp of Confederate soldiers, and their commanding officer General John Bell Hood  who apparently wishes to help Dave with his journey to solve these murders. When he awakens from his daze in a hospital, Dave learns from Gomez that his drink had been laced with LSD. Elrod drunkenly takes a boat out on the Bayou with Kelly, calling Dave when the boat engines get caught in crab nets. Dave gives Kelly his coat, as it is pouring rain, and a mysterious gunman shoots her in the chest, mistaking her for him. General Hood offers advice again and Dave shakes off the feelings of guilt over Kelly\'s death. Elrod moves in for a while so Dave can be his AA sponsor. Dave\'s cop friend, Lou Girard, is found dead, apparently by shooting himself with a shotgun. On the last occasion that Dave sees General Hood, the general and a few of his Confederate comrades are breaking camp and preparing to leave. They are having a group photograph taken and the general invites Dave to join them in the group. A story from an alleged pimp corroborates a suspect, Murphy Doucet  who, with his partner Twinkie Lemoyne , are responsible for the death of DeWitt Prejean, the skeleton found in the swamp. Dave arrests Doucet using a planted knife as evidence, but Doucet gets out on bail and kidnaps Dave\'s young daughter Alafair. Gomez and Dave go to Baby Feet\'s residence and force him into telling them about a campsite Doucet owns. The pair head there. Gomez is startled by Doucet and instinctively shoots him. Dave plants a throw-away pistol on the unarmed villain to ensure that she is cleared of any charges of murdering him. They free Alafair and return home. Months later, Dave, who had stopped seeing visions of General Hood after the case was solved determines that he was a figment of his imagination, a lingering spirit to help him through the most difficult case of his life. He moves on with his life, while Baby Feet, according to Dave was arrested for an issue that no one would have suspected, not as a mafia criminal, but as a tax dodger. Elrod too moves on with his life, leaving his alcohol addiction behind; he gives Alafair a small role in the Civil War film, and claims that she had been his salvation. As the story ends, Alafair is looking through a book on the Civil War when she comes across a photograph of General Hood and his soldiers. We see a close-up of the photo; standing in the back, among the Confederate soldiers, is Dave Robicheaux. It is the photo taken during what Dave had supposed was a vision.'] ["The elderly Turnbull sisters want to donate their mansion for a children's hospital. However, their father's will states that at least one of them has to stay in the house every night for twenty years before they can inherit the estate; there are two weeks left to go. Then some strange things start occurring. A stranger forces his way past Nancy Drew  and brazenly searches the Drew house for related affidavits her lawyer father Carson  has obtained. Then, the Turnbulls' chauffeur Phillips  dies, though it is uncertain if it was a murder or a suicide. The frightened old ladies consider leaving their home. When Nancy recognizes the dead man as the trespasser, she begins investigating, dragging her boyfriend Ned Nickerson  into one predicament after another, eventually getting him fired and jailed. When police Captain Tweedy  arrests the two sisters for Phillips' murder, their ownership is endangered. Just in time, Nancy and Ned discover a secret passageway in the basement linking it to the neighboring house, owned by Daniel Talbert . Talbert would make a lot of money if a racetrack were to be built on the two properties, but the Turnbulls had turned down an offer to buy their place."] ["Nick and Nora Charles are looking forward to a relaxing day at a racetrack, but when a jockey accused of throwing a race is found shot to death, Police Lieutenant Abrams requests Nick's help. The trail leads to a gambling syndicate that operates out of a wrestling arena, a murdered reporter, and a pretty secretary whose boyfriend has been framed. Along the way, Nick and Nora must contend with a wild wrestling match, a dizzying day at a merry-go-round , and a table-clearing restaurant brawl."] ["{{plot}} In a Los Angeles diner, tough private detective Mike Hammer  takes pity on Red , a young woman who has come from Nebraska to try to break into movies, but is now down on her luck. After Mike buys Red some soup, she is threatened by Louis , a thug, who tries to get her to leave with him. Mike beats up Louis, then provides Red with money for her bus fare back home and gives her his name and address so that she can let him know when she arrives. As they part, Mike notices a unique ring on Red's finger. A few hours later, police detective, Capt. Pat Chambers , questions Mike about Red, because his name was found among her belongings after she was killed in a hit-and-run car accident. When Pat shows Mike the girl's possessions, Mike realizes that the ring is missing and makes a sketch of it for Pat, who recognizes it. Pat then shows Mike photographs of the ring and other jewelry, explaining that it was part of the Venacci collection. He adds that the collection was stolen in Germany at the end of World War II by American intelligence officer Col. Holloway . Both the French and American governments caught up with Holloway, and he served ten years in prison, but the Venacci collection was never recovered. Mike suspects that Red was murdered because of the ring and returns to the diner where he learns from the counterman that Red had been working at The Blue Bell nightclub where she was friends with a Mexican striptease dancer named Maria . After Maria's act, Mike asks her about Red and, when she takes him to the building where she and Red lived, they discover that Red's apartment has been ransacked. Maria tells Mike that Red received the ring as a present from Jean , a mute Frenchman whom she befriended at the club, where he works as a cleaner. Jean, saddened by Red's death and wanting to help, informs Mike and Maria that he has something to show them at his apartment, and Mike arranges to meet Jean there later. When Mike arrives, however, he discovers that Jean has fallen to his death from a window. In the distance, Mike spots Louis and follows him as he drives to a house at the beach. Mike introduces himself to the owner, young widow Nancy Williams , and after Mike tells her about his encounters with Louis, who is her butler, Nancy promptly fires Louis then hires Mike as a bodyguard until she can find a replacement.  During an outing on her motorboat, Nancy tells Mike that she has been in Europe for several years and was involved in a major scandal when the wife of a man with whom she was having an affair committed suicide. When they return to the beach house, Mike and Nancy discover the missing ring on the floor. Suddenly, a man bursts out of hiding and heads for a waiting speedboat. Mike follows him, and they fight on the dock until an accomplice, a man with a hook for a hand, knocks Mike out, enabling him and the other man to escape. Later, Mike and Nancy try to figure out how the ring wound up on her floor. As Nancy had rented out the house while she was in Europe, Mike has his secretary, Velda ([[Pamela Duncan , contact the rental agency and finds out that Holloway was among the tenants. At The Blue Bell, Mike recognizes Holloway among the customers and, eventually, he and Holloway meet. Holloway, who thinks Mike knows the whereabouts of the jewels, offers him twenty-five percent of their value if he can produce them, as he intends to cut them up and extract the valuable diamonds. He then explains that when he went to prison, he left the jewels with his friend, Jean, whom he had rescued from the Nazis, but Jean carelessly gave Red the ring because she was kind to him. Holloway adds that a Frenchman named La Roche  is the leader of a gang that also is searching for the jewels. When Mike goes to Maria's apartment, he is mugged by La Roche, the man with the hook, and his accomplices. Mike then drives to Nancy's house and tells her what he has learned, after which she gives him a drugged drink, causing him to and pass out. The next day, Mike learns that Maria has been murdered, and Holloway informs him that Ludwig Teller, a Dutch diamond cutter, whom he tried to hire, is already on board a ship to Los Angeles. Holloway assumes that La Roche has found the jewels and contracted Teller. Mike tries to intercept Teller at the docks and narrowly escapes death in a scrap metal yard where La Roche's henchmen work. On his car radio, tuned to the police wavelength, Mike hears that he is wanted for questioning over an incident at Nancy's house. When Mike arrives at the house, he secretly observes Louis' dead body being carried out just as Teller is suffering a heart attack. Mike also sees Chambers examine a large hole, which apparently housed a concealed wall safe. Holloway is waiting for Mike at his car and tells him that the La Roche gang has taken the jewels and is preparing to leave from the docks. After a gunfight between the two factions, La Roche falls on his own hook and Holloway is mortally wounded. Mike recovers the bag of jewels and shows them to the dying Holloway. Nancy then pulls alongside in her motorboat, Mike jumps on board and they leave. When Mike gives Nancy the jewels and asks if they are all there, she reveals her involvement in the case by stating that the collection is intact, except for the ring, then admits that she and Louis were partners in searching for the jewels. She also states that she had not intended for Red to be killed, and Jean was murdered to prevent him from telling Holloway that she and Louis now had the jewels. Maria was also killed to prevent her talking about the case. Nancy has assumed that she and Mike have a future together, but Mike informs her that he intends to hand her over to the police. Nancy pulls out a revolver, but Mike easily gains possession of the weapon, then heads the boat toward the shore."] ['The firefighters of Engine 17 of the Chicago Fire Department, two of whom are brothers, Lt. Stephen "Bull" McCaffrey , the elder, is experienced, Brian , has labored under his brother\'s shadow all his life. He returns to firefighting after a number of other careers falter, though Stephen has doubts that Brian is fit to be a firefighter. As a child, Brian witnessed the death of their father, Dennis . The longest serving of all the men at Engine 17, John "Axe" Adcox , served under the McCaffreys\' father in the department and was like an uncle to the boys when their father died. He attacks fires head on, but is concerned about Stephen\'s unorthodox methods and disregard for safety procedures. Helen McCaffrey  is Stephen\'s estranged wife and the mother of their son, Sean. Helen has grown fearful of Stephen\'s dedication to firefighting and the risks he takes. While they are still in love, she separated from Stephen to protect herself and Sean. Martin Swayzak  is an alderman on the Chicago City Council. He hopes to be elected mayor, but has had to make a number of budget cuts to the fire department. Many of the rank and file firemen believe that the cuts are endangering firefighters\' lives. Jennifer Vaitkus  is Brian\'s ex-girlfriend and works in Swayzak\'s office. Her loyalties are torn between her job and Brian. Donald "Shadow" Rimgale  is a dedicated arson investigator. He is called in because a number of recent fires appear connected. Arsonist Ronald Bartel  has been imprisoned for many years. Rimgale manipulates Bartel\'s obsession with fire to ensure Bartel\'s annual application for parole is turned down. Brian consults Bartel for advice in order to determine the missing link in the recent arsons. It is revealed during an investigation that Swayzak was paid off to shut down firehouses so they could be converted into community centers, with the contractors receiving contracts for the construction. When 17 answers a call in a highrise, Stephen urges them to move in quickly to take out the fire despite Adcox\'s advice to wait for back-up. Brian\'s friend and fellow "probationary fireman" trainee Tim Krizminski , under Stephen\'s wing, accidentally opens a door only to be met by a backdraft. His face is burned beyond recognition, but he survives. Adcox and Brian both blame Tim\'s condition on Stephen\'s reckless tactics. Stephen confronts Adcox about the deadly backdrafts during a multiple-alarm fire at a chemical plant. Adcox admits that he set the fires to kill associates of Swayzak because Swayzak was benefiting from the deaths of firefighters. When an explosion destroys the catwalk they are on, Stephen grabs Adcox\'s hand while hanging on to the remains of the catwalk. Adcox requests Stephen let go of him, but Stephen loses his grip on the catwalk. Adcox is killed and Stephen is mortally wounded. Brian, having been injured by Adcox, rushes to help other firefighters reach his brother. Stephen dies on the way to the hospital with Brian at his side, his final request being that Brian not reveal that Adcox was behind the fires. After Stephen and Adcox\'s funeral, Brian and Rimgale, with the help of the police, interrupt a Swayzak press conference. Rimgale questions Swayzak on a fake manpower study that led to the deaths of several firemen, including Stephen and Adcox, effectively killing Swayzak\'s mayoral ambitions. Brian decides to continue as a firefighter despite the loss of his father and brother.'] ['The film begins on the Rylott estate with gypsies camping on the grounds. Inside the mansion, Violet Stonor screams in her bedroom and then collapses in the hallway. She is discovered by her sister Helen . Violet\'s dying words are "the band, speckled." She then dies and their stepfather Dr. Grimesby Rylott  arrives. Soon there is an inquest into the mysterious death, and Rylott plots with the housekeeper and his Indian servant Ali. Watson attends the inquest as an old friend of the Stoner family in India. He acts protectively to Helen and advises her to consult Holmes if she ever feels in danger. At Baker Street later, Watson summarizes the inquest to Holmes, describing the various witnesses and evidence. Holmes files it away in his system.  One year later, Helen Stoner is engaged, and her fiance must leave for a plantation in Rangoon for a year. Helen is afraid and suggests that they marry sooner, so that she may go with him to Rangoon. Dr. Rylott is upset by these plans, and decides to murder her to prevent the loss of her inheritance. Rylott forces Helen to move from her room into Violet\'s old room. The next day, Helen meets with Holmes and Watson in Baker Street and describes her case. Her sister Violet had been engaged to be married before she died, and Helen remembers hearing mysterious music that night. Now Helen is engaged and is also hearing the mysterious music again. Holmes questions her and sends her out of the room through a separate entrance, when her stepfather arrives. Dr. Rylott barges in and threatens Holmes, but he is not deterred. In the afternoon, Dr. Watson arrives alone to visit Helen Stoner while her stepfather is not home. Holmes is in disguise as a workman dealing with the repairs to the building. Together they investigate Dr. Roylott\'s room and discover several clues, such as a bowl of milk, a dog whip, and a mirror. Then they investigate Violet\'s room, which has a bell-rope that doesn\'t ring, and a ventilator near the bed. The ventilator opens into Rylott\'s room but is hidden by a painting. When Rylott returns, Holmes and Watson temporarily leave Helen at the house but will sneak into the room later to investigate. That night, Helen spends the night within Violet\'s room, while Holmes and Watson secretly keep watch with her. After snake charming music plays, a snake enters the room through the ventilator, and Holmes attacks it, sending it back to Rylott\'s room. Rylott screams. Holmes, Watson, and Helen enter his room and discover Rylott dead from a snake bite. Holmes forces Ali the servant to charm the snake so they can put it in the safe. Violet\'s last words about a "speckled band" were in fact describing "a swamp adder, the deadliest snake in India". The venomous snake had been sent to Violet\'s room by Dr. Rylott to murder her for her inheritance. Rylott intended to do the same to Helen. The movie ends with Holmes conducting an experiment in Baker Street. Watson arrives dressed for a wedding and Holmes concludes that he is going to a wedding. Watson is pleased to tell Holmes that he is wrong. Watson has just come from the wedding of Helen Stoner and her groom. Holmes offers his "condolences" rather than congratulations. Watson says in amusement that "we all come to it [marriage]". After Watson leaves, Holmes disagrees quietly, "Not all, my dear Watson... not all."  In the original story, a few names are different; for instance, Violet was Julia in the story; Stonor was spelled Stoner, and Rylott was Roylott. This movie blends the original short story with Arthur Conan Doyle\'s later play adaptation The Stonor Case, which added characters like Mrs. Staunton the housekeeper, Rodgers the butler, and the Indian servant Ali who plays snake charming music. Holmes investigates the case dressed as a workman doing the building repairs, whereas in the story he and Watson claimed to be architects working on the building.'] ["Captain High 'Bulldog' Drummond has just returned to England. As he is driving home in the dark, a young woman jumps out in front of his car. He misses her, but she falls to the ground. As he tries to revive her, he hears a shout for help, then gunshots. As he goes to investigate, the woman drives away with Drummond's car. He is soon able to trace her to nearby Greystone Manor, and when he goes there to meet her, she urges him to help her get out of a desperate situation  {{Empty section}}"] ["Charlie Chan must stop a spy from destroying the Panama Canal. In 1940's. Charlie impersonates an employee of the U.S. government to foil an espionage plot which would destroy part of the Panama Canal, trapping a Navy fleet on its way to the Pacific after maneuvers in the Atlantic. As the U.S. fleet prepares to navigate the waters of the Panama Canal, Panama City becomes rife with spies. A new group of suspects appears with the arrival of a sea plane bound for Balboa. Among the suspects are novelist Clivedon Compton, matronly school teacher Miss Jennie Finch, sinister scientist Dr. Rudolph Grosser, café proprietor Manolo, singer Kathi Lenesch, cigarette salesman Achmed Halide, government engineer Richard Cabot and government agent Godley. Upon landing, Godley goes to a hat shop owned by Fu Yuen, alias Charlie Chan, to enlist the sleuth's help in unmasking the deadly spy known only as Reiner. Just as Godley is about to divulge Reiner's real identity, he falls to the ground, dead, leaving Chan to expose Reiner before the spy can sabotage the canal. As the other suspects are murdered, one by one, first Compton, then Manolo, Chan learns that the canal's Miraflores locks are to be blown up at ten that night. Chan then sequesters the suspects at the plant, forcing Miss Finch to expose herself as Reiner in order to escape death. With Reiner under arrest, the fleet sails safely through the locks to protect democracy."] ['Sherlock Holmes  pretends to be a Nazi spy to aid scientist Dr. Franz Tobel  and his new invention, a bombsight, in escaping a Gestapo trap in Switzerland. Holmes and Franz fly to London, where Holmes places him under the protection of his friend, Dr. Watson . The scientist slips away against Holmes\' instructions for a secret reunion with his fiancee, Charlotte Eberli , and gives her an envelope containing a coded message. He tells Charlotte to give it to Holmes if anything should happen to him. Leaving Charlotte\'s apartment, an attempt to abduct him by German spies is foiled by a passing London bobby. Tobel successfully demonstrates the bombsight for Sir Reginald Bailey  and observers from Bomber Command. Tobel, now under the protection of Inspector Lestrade  and Scotland Yard, tells Sir Reginald that, although willing to provide the British with his bombsight, only he will know its secret and has a complex plan for its manufacture to keep the secret safe. He separates his invention into four parts and gives one to each of four Swiss scientists, known only to him, to construct separately and whose names are unknown to each other. Soon after, Holmes receives a call from Lestrade telling him that Tobel has disappeared. Holmes goes to Charlotte\'s apartment, where he receives the Tobel\'s envelope. Rather than the coded message, the message inside is from Holmes\' nemesis, master criminal Professor Moriarty . Disguising himself as Ram Singh, one of Moriarty\'s old henchmen, Holmes searches the Soho district for information. He encounters two henchmen, but is captured by Moriarty. Holmes is put into the false bottom of a sea chest, but is rescued when Watson and Lestrade observe the henchmen struggling with its unusual weight. Holmes returns to Charlotte\'s apartment to search for clues to the message\'s contents. He finds impressions of the message left on a notepad page by immersing it in "fluorescent salts... and then photograph it by ultraviolet light." Holmes breaks the first three lines of a cunningly modified alphabet substitution code, which are the identities and locations of three of the scientists, but unable to break the fourth line, which has been altered as an added precaution, soon learns that Moriarty has murdered all three and stolen their parts. Meanwhile, Moriarty, also unable to break the fourth line, tortures Tobel for the name of the fourth scientist. Holmes deduces the change in the code and breaks the fourth line, identifying the scientist as Professor Frederick Hoffner . Moriarty accidentally deciphers the code. He sends agents to abduct Hoffner, who has the brilliance to put the four parts together should Tobel not recover from torture. The German agents bring the scientist, who is actually Holmes in disguise again, to Moriarty\'s seemingly undetectable stronghold. Unknown to Moriarty, Holmes had the real Hoffner attach an apparatus to their car that drips luminous paint  at regular intervals. Holmes uses Moriarty\'s vanity and pride to trick him into slowly bleeding Holmes to death "drop by drop", to stall for time. Holmes is saved at the last minute, however, by Watson and Lestrade, who with Hoffner\'s help, successfully followed the drops. Scotland Yard apprehends the spies, but Moriarty escapes. When he attempts to complete his escape through a secret passageway, he falls sixty feet to his death; Holmes has discovered the criminal\'s hidden trap door and left it open.David Stuart Davies, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9 This is the second Basil Rathbone "Sherlock Holmes" film in which Moriarty dies. He is thrown to his death from the top of the Tower of London by Holmes in 1939\'s The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. During the course of the adventure, Holmes adopts the disguises of an elderly German bookseller , the lascar sailor Ram Singh, and the Swiss scientist Professor Hoffner. His disguise as the bookseller was parodied in the film The Pink Panther. The film is a loose adaptation of The Adventure of the Dancing Men; while credited as an adaptation, the only content which bears similarity is the "dancing men" code.'] ['While diving off the Miami coast seeking one of the eleven fabled Spanish Galleons sunk in 1591, private investigator Tony Rome discovers a dead blonde, her feet encased in cement, at the bottom of the ocean. Rome reports this to Lieutenant Dave Santini and thinks little more of the incident until man-mountain Waldo Gronski hires him to find a missing woman, Sandra Lomax. Gronski has little in the way of affluence, so allows Rome to pawn his ring to retain his services. After investigating the local hot-spots and picking up on a few names, Rome soon comes across Kit Forrester, whose party Sandra Lomax was supposed to have attended. Rome’s talking to Forrester raises the ire of racketeer Al Mungar, a supposedly reformed gangster who looks after Kit’s interests. Rome, thinking there may be a connection between Lomax, Forrester and Mungar, starts probing into their backgrounds and begins a romantic relationship with Kit. With both cops and crooks chasing him and the omnipresent Gronski breathing down his neck, Rome finds himself deep in a case that provides few answers.'] ['The Mystery Team began with three children who styled themselves as detectives, solving mostly kid-related mysteries such as missing cats or a lost baseball, but also gaining some local fame. Somehow, the trio have remained as naive as ever, although they are about to graduate from high school. They have continued the same mindset and antics even though they are teenagers, focusing on children\'s infractions, although adults  wonder when the teens will grow out of this attitude. To prove to themselves and the town at large that they can be "real detectives", the Mystery Team take it upon themselves to solve a double homicide when they are hired by a young girl to discover why her parents were killed.'] ["The film tells of Al Goddard , a detective who works for the United States Postal Inspection Service. He's assigned to arrest two criminals who've allegedly murdered a U.S. postal detective. Goddard must locate the witness to the murder, an attractive young nun named Sister Augustine . He poses as a crook, and gains the confidence of the killers' honcho Boettiger ([[Paul Stewart , who has worked out a plan to steal one million bucks from the post office. Once they discover the deception, the villains take Goddard and witness Sister Augustine prisoner. This leads to a fight in an industrial district."] ["In 19th century Paris, the famed detective Vidocq  disappears while pursuing a murderer called the Alchemist. Etienne Boisset , a young biographer of Vidocq's, follows in his footsteps and progressively uncovers Vidocq's investigations. He learns how Vidocq was first called in to investigate a series of assassinations by lightning, which led him to pursue the Alchemist. Etienne discovers that the Alchemist is a wizard of sorts who wears a mirrored mask and kills virgins to maintain eternal youth. Even the sex of the Alchemist is a mystery, because it sometimes utters mocking feminine sighs during combat with Vidocq. Etienne probes deeper into Vidocq's investigations and eventually comes to learn that the Alchemist uses virgin blood to make magical mirrors that consume human souls."] ['While Miss Marple and Mr Stringer are soliciting donations for a charity, they visit Mr Enderby, a rich and eccentric recluse. He tumbles down a staircase, apparently the victim of a fatal heart attack. Knowing that Enderby had a pathological fear of cats, Miss Marple becomes suspicious when she finds one in the house. She also finds a piece of mud bearing the print of a riding boot, but when she goes to Inspector Craddock, he is sceptical, believing that Enderby died of natural causes. Undeterred, Miss Marple eavesdrops when Enderby\'s family gather for the reading of the Will. Each of the four heirs  receives an equal share of the estate. Cora declares that she believes Enderby was murdered. The next day, when Miss Marple goes to see her, she finds Cora dead, stabbed in the back with a hatpin. Cora\'s companion of many years, timid Miss Milchrest , can provide little information. Miss Marple decides to take a "holiday" at the Gallop Hotel/riding school, as it is run by Hector Enderby  and the other two surviving heirs are staying there. Inspector Craddock questions them , but none of them can produce a satisfactory alibi for the time of Cora Lanskenay\'s death. An attempt is made to do away with Miss Marple, but is foiled by the intended victim . Miss Marple then discovers that the piece of mud found in Enderby\'s house came from shady art dealer George Crossfield\'s riding boot, but her case against him is dashed when she learns that each of the heirs visited Enderby on the day he died. Crossfield has meanwhile found out who the murderer is, but he is locked in a stall with an excitable horse and is trampled to death. By this point, Miss Marple knows the identity and motive of the killer, but has no definite proof. She therefore lays a trap, pretending to have a heart attack at a dance at the hotel while doing the twist with Stringer. The police doctor places her in a room by herself, declaring it to be too dangerous to move her until morning. During the night, the criminal makes one last attempt to silence her, but Miss Marple is ready. The killer is revealed to be Miss Milchrest, disguised as Cora. She had been after Cora\'s seemingly worthless painting.'] ["While passing by on a different train, Miss Marple witnesses the strangling of a young woman in the opposite carriage. The local police dismiss her story as the ramblings of a senile and bored old woman, so, undaunted, she conducts her own investigation, and comes to the conclusion that the body must be buried on the grounds of Ackenthorpe Hall, which adjoins the railway line. Wheedling her way into a job as housemaid there, Marple copes with the pompous machinations of her difficult employer, Luther Ackenthorpe , so she can search for the mysterious corpse, and eventually finds it while supposedly practicing her golf shots. As she begins collecting suspects, accompanied by her long suffering companion Jim Stringer , Miss Marple finds herself faced with an increasingly devious and resourceful killer, who begins casting his shadow over Ackenthorpe's heirs...  In Christie's original story, an elderly character called Elspeth McGillicuddy witnessed the murder, not her friend Miss Marple, who wasn't introduced until later. As with most of her appearances in the role, Margaret Rutherford's flamboyant, comical portrayal of the sleuth was quite different from Christie's languid, passive depiction. The tone of the novel was also changed somewhat; instead of Christie's trademark suspense and underlying darkness, the film relied heavily on light, even whimsical comedy of manners. The name of the manor house where Marple conducts her inquiries was called Rutherford Hall in the novel, and was changed to Ackenthorpe in the film to avoid comparison with the leading actress' surname."] ["Police detective Ha Chun-Chi  is investigating a rape and murder that took place in a mysterious forest that has also been the scene of many suicides. The main suspect in the murder case is Patrick Wong , but he denies committing the crime. Ha's investigation leads her to botanist Shum Shu-Hoi , who has been experimenting with plants from the forest. Shum's girlfriend, May , feigns interest in the forest to gain information for a tabloid television show she works for. Shum's experiments reveal that the plants can act as witnesses in the murder case, and sets up a re-enactment of the crime in the forest, where the plants will act as lie detectors."] ["Inés, Eva and Carmen, three women of different generations, work as private detectives for an investigation agency run by Valbuena, their male chauvinist boss. Inés, the youngest and more ambitious of the three is assigned to work undercover as a factory employee to spy on the activities of its union leaders. However, her investigation brings her face to face with a difficult emotional and ethical decision. She wants to get higher up in the agency with this, the agency’s most important case, but she falls in love with Manuel, one of the key members she is investigating. Her professional ethics and her amorous feelings for Manuel turn her life into turmoil not knowing what to do. Eva, has just returned to work at the detective agency after having had her second child. She is assigned to a rather mundane case of tracking down an old man's first love. Eva finds juggling her responsibilities very hard and her controlling character does not make it any easier: she never lets her husband Iñaki do any work but then resents him for not doing anything. When a mysterious woman called Marta appears in Iñaki’s life, Eva starts an investigation into her spouse’s secret life stumbling upon the possibility that her husband may not only be having an affair but leading a double life with another wife and family. She follows him from Madrid to Saragosa where she quickly finds what he her husband has been hiding. He have had a son born from a previous relationship before his marriage and now has become a willing participant in the life of a child, previously ignored. Carmen, the oldest and most experienced of the three detectives, is on a routine investigation of the business partner and wife of Sergio, a photographer whose wife is having an affair with his business partner and close friend. Carmen sympathizes with Sergio's marital collapse not seeming to notice the dire straits of her own marriage."] ['Master criminal Giles Conover  steals the famous "Borgia Pearl" from the Royal Regent Museum under the very nose of Holmes and Watson, but when caught the pearl is not found on him and he is released. Later, Holmes hears of an apparently motiveless murder. An elderly Colonel is found with his back broken amid a pile of smashed china. Holmes takes an immediate interest in the case as the unusual method of killing is that of "The Hoxton Creeper" , known to be Conover\'s right hand man. Another murder occurs, of a little old lady, also surrounded by smashed china. Conover makes two attempts to kill Holmes, who surmises that Conover is desperately trying to recover the stolen pearl. After a third killing Holmes finds the common feature of each: a bust of Napoleon. Conover, when being pursued by the police, had fled through the workshop where they were being made, and hid the pearl inside one of six identical busts. Holmes tracks down the vendor of the busts and find out that one is still unaccounted for, as does Conover\'s accomplice Naomi. Conover and The Creeper arrive at the house of the owner of the final bust, only to find that Holmes has taken his place. Overpowered, Holmes convinces The Creeper that Conover will double-cross him, and the Creeper turns on Conover and kills him, after which Holmes kills the Creeper, before the police finally arrive. Holmes smashes the final bust and recovers the pearl "with the blood of five more victims on it".Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9 Holmes is shown as unusually  impatient with Lestrade\'s inclination to come to the wrong conclusions in this entry, even shouting at him because of his inability to grasp the situation on a couple of occasions. For his part, Lestrade is shown taunting Holmes and obviously enjoying it.'] ['Holmes and Watson are in Canada attending a conference on the occult, when Lord Penrose receives a message that his wife Lady Penrose has been murdered in the small village of La Mort Rouge.Throughout the film, the actors pronounce correctly the name of the village as "La Mort Rouge" , but in one short moment a map is shown with the name spelled "La Morte Rouge"  which doesn\'t make much sense. The map\'s spelling seems to be a typo. Holmes and Watson are about to return to England when Holmes receives a telegram from Lady Penrose, issued before her death, asking for help as she fears for her life. Holmes decides to investigate her death. Holmes and Watson arrive at the village and discover that the inhabitants are all convinced that the murder is the work of the legendary monster of La Mort Rouge, which roams the marshes around the village. The "monster" is even later seen by Dr. Watson, who describes it as "a ball of fire spitting flames in each direction". Holmes, however, is skeptical, and recognizes Lady Penrose as Lillian Gentry, a former actress, who was involved in a famous murder case several years before when actor Alistair Ramson killed another actor in a jealous rage over her. Ramson was believed to have been killed in a prison escape two years before, but now Holmes believes that Ramson - a master of disguise - is living in the village, having created a new identity, perhaps several, for himself. Holmes then turns his attention to Judge Brisson, another inhabitant of the village with a connection to the case, as he passed sentence on Ramson. Despite Holmes\' warnings Brisson is murdered. Holmes tracks Ramson down to his hideout and discovers there is a third person that Ramson is preparing to kill. However before Holmes can discover who it is, Watson blunders in and Ramsom escapes. Holmes learns that the third victim is to be Journet, the local inn-keeper, formerly a prison guard. However Journet has gone into hiding. Ramson then kills Marie, Journet\'s daughter, for not revealing her father\'s hideout. Holmes finds Journet and convinces him to spring a trap for the murderer. Holmes and Watson announce that they are returning to England, and Journet comes out of hiding and lets it be known that he will be going to a church across the marsh to offer a prayer for Marie. Ramson attacks Journet out in the marsh, only to find that Holmes has taken his place. The two men struggle, but Ramson escapes only to be killed by Journet with his own weapon, a five-pronged garden weeder.David Stuart Davies, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] ["Dr. Peter Carey  is a pathologist who moves to Boston, where he starts working in a hospital. He soon meets Georgia Hightower , with whom he falls in love. Evelyn Randall, daughter of the hospital's Chief Doctor, becomes pregnant and is brought to the emergency department after an illegal abortion. She dies there, and Dr. David Tao , a brilliant surgeon and friend of Carey, is arrested and accused of being responsible for the illegal abortion. Carey does not believe his friend to be guilty and starts investigating on his own, despite strong opposition by the police and the doctors around the hospital's chief."] ["Thomas Kresk is a loser—he isn't good at his job, he's been tossed out of his home, and his wife just dumped him for the marriage counselor. Now he's depressed, and contemplating suicide. And yes, things get worse: a criminal named Avnet  has stolen three priceless coins, and decided to blackmail Bollingsworth , his billionaire partner in crime. After Kresk overhears this, he almost gets shot—and Avnet ends up impaled on a pair of barbers' scissors. Now Kresk is in a considerably nastier situation, so he steals the gun and the coins. But things take a sharp turn when he hires a hit man named Mikey , and discovers that the hit man is only seventeen and emotionally traumatized by his parents' suicide. And that Kresk is falling for the cop/Playboy model Sgt. Meredith Kolko , and that his nephew Scottie  has now swallowed the coins. Now Kresk is in over his head, and has to deal with the strange and sometimes dangerous people around him."] ['{{plot}} At the home of John Rutka and Eddie Santin, Rutka is apparently shot by an unknown assailant. Later, private eye Donald Strachey arrives at the Albany Medical Center to meet with a client. While there, he sees his partner, Tim Callahan, who is escorting his boss, a prominent New York state senator who is there for a photo op with the comatose Catholic Bishop McFee whose diocese consists of, among others, St. Michael\'s Catholic Church. Strachey is approached by Santin, who reveals that the client that approached him is none other than Rutka, who Strachey despises for his activities outing prominent local closeted homophobes. Despite attempts by Rutka and Santin to convince Strachey to help find out who shot John, Donald declines the assignment. That night, a man determinedly barges into Rutka\'s hospital room unauthorized, only to find that Rutka has already checked out. Rutka visits Strachey\'s home, but he remains unmoved, until Rutka offers him a $5,000 retainer. Strachey relunctantly accepts the job, mostly because of recent money troubles stemming from a home renovation bearing on his mind. Timmy, who has an even stronger distaste for Rutka\'s tactics, objects at first, but also agrees that they can\'t afford to pick and choose their clients in their current financial situation. The next morning, Rutka shows Strachey his attic, where he keeps his various files on both his past and prospective outing targets. One of them is Bruno Slinger, a prominent state politician who has voted against gay rights in the past, on whom Rutka has a file which includes photographic evidence of his sexual involvement with men. Suddenly, a fire breaks out at Ruka\'s house, which Strachey puts out and then investigates. As the case progresses, Strachey becomes convinced that Rutka and Santin are staging the various criminal incidents themselves, thanks in part to the assertion by Detective Sean "Bub" Bailey that Rutka has a long history of deception. Finally, Strachey decides that he can no longer continue with the case and informs Rutka that he will return the unused portion of the retainer. The next morning, a news program reports that Rutka was killed hours after Strachey severed ties with him and the investigation. Santin calls them, expression indignation that Strachey refused to believe that the death threats against Rutka were genuine. Strachey expresses remorse, and then goes back with Santin to the attic to retrieve all of Rutka\'s files for safekeeping. With John officially dead, Strachey\'s search for Rutka\'s would-be assassin is now a murder investigation. He asks Santin who the next target might have been, but Santin only knows that it might have been one of three people—Slinger, local children\'s show host Ronnie Linklater, and a mysterious third possibility identified only in Rutka\'s records as "Ultimate Hypocritical Asshole". Donald finds a plastic mud flap, torn off of an unidentified person\'s car. Later, he comes across initials for three persons who received substantial payments from Rutka—N.Z., H.G., and D.R. Through local sex worker Dik Steel, he obtains the identity of the first - Nathan Zenck, who runs a fancy hotel -- and spies on his guests\' sexual rendezvous through hidden video cameras. Strachey confronts Zenck, who mentions that Bruno Slinger is sexually connected to Ronnie Linklater and reveals that the second initials are undoubtedly those of Howie Glade, who owns a lower quality motel. The third initials remain unknown, but after interrogating Glade, Strachey finds out that Linklater was previously involved in sexual liaisons every Wednesday night with an unknown man  who was injured and possibly killed by a fallen ceiling mirror weeks ago; Glade was unable to find out the man\'s identity, but manages to get the license plates to his car. Strachey manages to trace the plates to a used car dealer named Art Murphy, who refuses to cooperate with the investigation, threatening to bludgeon Donald until he retreats. At the couple\'s home, Timmy is attacked by the man who visited Rutka\'s hospital room earlier. Strachey arrives in time to drive him away, but Timmy is hospitalized. Timmy recovers, but the experience shakes Donald enough to consider abandoning the case, until Timmy, who has had a change of heart about Rutka, convinces him to press on. Next, Strachey interviews Linklater in his studio dressing room, but the kids show host denies that either he or Slinger had any involvement in Rutka\'s death, and refuses to reveal the identity of the man the motel mirror fell on. However, after Donald\'s talk with Ronnie, he gets the impression the man survived the accident. As Strachey leaves the studio, the man who attacked Tim ambushes Donald, knocking him unconscious. When he wakes, he is greeted by the man\'s boss -- Slinger, who also denies involvement in Rutka\'s murder and demands that he hands over the file Rutka had on Bruno. Slinger allows Strachey to leave unharmed, but the P.I. can\'t get any answers from the Congressman, who says that Ronnie never told him the identify of the man injured in the motel fall. Strachey gets a slight lead from the exchange, learning that Linklater and Rutka were both involved in St. Michaels\' choir. Back at the hospital, Tim is ready to be discharged, but the couple come across Art Murphy and his wife, visiting Bishop McFee. At Strachey\'s behest, Tim finds out that McFee is Murphy\'s brother-in-law and that he was the man that drove the car every Wednesday—and was sexually involved with Linklater, explaining the true nature of the accident that had put McFee into a coma until now. Tim then uses his connections in the seminary to ask St. Michael\'s local priest, Father Morgan, who would have been the parish priest when John Rutka was in the church choir. Morgan excuses himself, heading out the back way, but the authorities are there waiting for him. Strachey, who had been holding onto the car flap, identifies it as part of the car McFee drove on Wednesdays, and now driven by Morgan. Morgan is arrested, not only for his part in covering up McFee\'s history of sex crimes, but also for the apparent murder of John Rutka. Scandal hits Morgan, McFee and the entire parish. Come Saturday, Strachey, Tim, Eddie, John\'s sister Ann, and other friends are attending John Rutka\'s funeral. Eddie graciously offers Donald the remaining fee for his work in solving Rutka\'s murder and gives the couple a business card to send the bill to. Strachey looks at the name and figures out the last of the trio of mysterious initials - David Resuto, the Rutka family lawyer. Strachey immediately grills Ann as to why Resuto would be getting $14,000, the largest of the payments made out to anyone in Rutka\'s financial ledger. Ann reluctantly explains that the payments were for a life insurance policy—and the beneficiary is Eddie. The private eye, suspicious of the payments after being told earlier that Santin was removed from Rutka\'s will, follows him to the airport and catches up to him. As he confronts Eddie, he is shocked to see a very alive John Rutka standing next to him. John explains his elaborate plan to fake his death, frame Father Morgan for a fake murder, expose McFee as a pedophile , and use the insurance money to start up a network of cheap drugs for AIDS patients in Mexico. He knew that the controversy of outing has faded as acceptance of people based on sexual orientation is rising. Rutka reveals that Eddie initially believed his lover was dead, and that John was the one who planted the mud flap where Strachey could find it. Donald is outraged at the deception, until Rutka reveals that he too was a victim of McFee\'s molestation, starting when John was only 9. Donald protests that regardless of the sex abuse cover-up, Morgan will go to prison for a murder that he did not commit. Rutka agrees that Strachey can tell the authorities that he saw him still alive, and exonerate him for that part of his sentence. Donald wavers from his determination to turn Rutka in for his crimes, but before he allows the couple to leave the country, he follows-up on a throwaway comment Rutka made earlier. Rutka reveals that he had a file on Strachey, a former Sergeant in the U.S. military, who had to leave the service with an honorable discharge when his sexual orientation was revealed—at the expense of the lieutenant he was caught in bed with, who received a much more severe punishment as the scapegoat of the two. Rutka is allowed to leave the country. Donald and Timmy realize how much insight on the complexities of life—and people—this experience has given them, and they conclude that life is not as black and white as both of them previously thought. This doesn\'t stop them from toasting their new perspective—and their now finished fireplace—by performing the one act of absolute good they are still sure of—the destruction of Rutka\'s file on Strachey.'] ['At 3:00 am, Melsa takes her little dogs for a walk. Near a subway construction site, she sees Ronnie Belden run out of a house and drive away. The house is for sale by Sheila Lane, the wife of George Lane, a wealthy banker. Inside, Melsa finds a diamond brooch and Mr. Lane\'s dead body. As she runs for help, her cloak falls off with the brooch inside it. When the police arrive, the body, cloak, and brooch are gone. Melsa and her friends are notorious pranksters, so the detective, Lieutenant Mike Brent , does nothing to investigate the murder. Ames writes an editorial decrying Melsa\'s "prank", and she sues him for libel. Melsa and her friends decide they must find the murderer in order to defend their reputation. The resulting manhunt includes searches of the Lane house, Belden\'s apartment, Lane\'s business office, and all of the local beauty shops; two attempts to intimidate Melsa; two shooting attempts on her life; a charity ball; and a trap set for the murderer using Melsa as bait. During this time, the women twice attack Ames and tie him up, Melsa\'s friend Myra enthusiastically flirts with Ames, and their friend Pat eats incessantly. In the course of these events, the following facts emerge: * George Lane has been out of town for a week. * Sheila Lane hasn\'t been seen since the day of the murder. * Sheila and Belden may be having an affair. * Belden\'s apartment contains the brooch, a knife just like one used to intimidate Melsa, and Belden\'s dead body. * Lane\'s body is found in Belden\'s car. * George Lane left an insurance policy with his business partner Mr. Thomas as beneficiary. * Thomas has been going broke. * Someone may have been blackmailing Lane. * Sheila was once married to a convict named Edward Norris. * Norris was at a hockey game at the time of the murders, but left the game for ten minutes. * Norris has a job working for the subway. * Traveling from the hockey rink to the Lane house and back requires more than ten minutes using all standard forms of transportation. * George Lane recently lost money gambling. * Sheila Lane was hiding from the killer. * Sheila and Belden met at the Lane house after Lane was killed. They couldn\'t call the police without exposing their affair, and Belden was killed while moving Mr. Lane\'s body. While Brent repeatedly accuses innocent people based on incorrect theories, Melsa deduces that Belden removed the body and cloak from the Lane house before the police arrived. Near the end of the film, an escaping would-be killer leaves behind a piece of tar paper, which reminds Melsa of the subway construction site. Returning to the site, she finds a fast electric cart on the track. This is how Norris made his way to and from the crime scene in ten minutes. Norris is captured after confessing to the murders and briefly holding Melsa and Ames at gunpoint. During the film, the relationship between Melsa and Ames evolves from sharp animosity to love and marital engagement. Melsa appears to be hostile toward Ames during most of the film, while he almost immediately decides that he\'s going to marry her and begins to woo her aggressively. She stabs him in the leg with a fork in retaliation for a treacherous trick he played on her, but they have a friendly chat early in the story, and a longer, more heart-to-heart conversation later. After the police rescue them from Norris, the film ends with Melsa and Ames planning their honeymoon.'] ['The story is loosely based on the real-life murders of civil rights workers in Mississippi in 1964. After the three are reported missing, two FBI agents are sent to investigate the incident in rural Jessup County, Mississippi . The two agents take completely different approaches: Agent Alan Ward , a young liberal northerner, takes a direct approach to the investigation; Agent Rupert Anderson , a former Mississippi sheriff who understands the intricacies of race relations in the South, takes a more subtle tack. It is very hard for the two to work in the town, as the local sheriff\'s office is linked to a major branch of the Ku Klux Klan, and the agents cannot talk to the local black community, due to their fear of Klan retaliation. Slowly but steadily, relations between the FBI and the local Jessup County sheriff\'s office deteriorate, as do relations between Ward and Anderson. Things boil over when the bodies are found and the deputy sheriff, Clinton Pell , realizes that his wife gave their locations to Anderson, and he assaults her. When Anderson sees her in the hospital, he storms off to confront Pell but is stopped by Ward. After a brief scuffle, the two agree that they will work together and bring down the Jessup County branch of the Ku Klux Klan using Anderson\'s as yet untried approach. The new tactics begin when the mayor is abducted. He is taken to a remote shack and left on his own with a black man  wearing a rudimentary mask, similar to those used by KKK members in the film. Relating a story of how a young black man was castrated by the KKK, he implies that the mayor will likewise be disfigured unless he talks by wielding a razor blade while relating the tale. In reality, the abductor is an FBI operative specially flown in to intimidate the mayor. The mayor gives the operative a comprehensive description of the killings, including the names of those involved; although not admissible in court, this information proves invaluable to Anderson and Ward and moves the investigation forward. Anderson uses the new information to send fake invitations to the involved KKK parties, who turn up for a meeting. They soon realize it\'s a set up and leave without discussing the murders. The FBI, who are eavesdropping, home in on Lester Cowens, a junior member of the outfit, as being particularly nervous and unable to stop talking. He is later picked up by the FBI and driven prominently around town to make it appear that he may be cooperating with them. He then is dropped off in the black side of the segregated community to "think" about his position. Anderson pays a visit to the barbershop where Deputy Sheriff Pell is getting a shave with a straight razor. Anderson slips in the place of the barber allowing him to ensure that Pell stays still while Anderson threatens him, nicking him with the razor. Anderson then brutally beats Pell, both for his role in the murders and his assault of his wife. Ward, waiting outside and unable to bear the ongoing beating, attempts to go in; he is stopped by the other FBI men Anderson has called in, and he silently remembers his pledge to do things Anderson\'s way. Pell is left spinning in a barber\'s chair, unconscious, as Anderson leaves. A nervous Lester Cowens is at home when his window is shot out. On the lawn is a burning cross. Cowens tries to flee in his truck but is caught by three hooded men who begin to hang him. The FBI arrive, rescue Cowens, and chase the thugs to the sound of gunshots. Out of sight, the abductors stop running away and remove their masks to reveal that they are also FBI agents. The ruse works. Cowens, believing his life is in danger because his KKK co-conspirators think he\'ll talk, does just that. The FBI now has evidence admissible in court and can prosecute the culprits. They charge them with civil rights violations to ensure they will be tried at the federal level; four of them had previously been convicted in a state court of firebombing a black man\'s home, only to receive five-year suspended sentences. Most are found guilty and receive sentences from three to ten years. Sheriff Stuckey is acquitted. The mayor, who was not charged with anything, hangs himself. Pell\'s wife returns to her home, which has been completely ransacked. She resolves to stay and rebuild her life, free of her wicked husband. The film concludes with a Sunday morning service on the site of a destroyed house of worship, attended by both white and black churchgoers singing in unison. Ward addresses Anderson as "Rupert" suggesting they are now on first name terms.'] ['{{plot}} In the Mojave Desert in 1982, a man named Nix  has gathered a cult in an isolated house. Nix calls himself "The Puritan" and has the ability to use real magic. He plans to sacrifice a young girl that he has kidnapped. While preaching to his followers, a group of former cult members–Swann, Pimm , Quaid  and Jennifer Desiderio –arrive to stop Nix. After the initial confrontation with the cultists, Nix\'s assistant Butterfield escapes and Swann is attacked by Nix. Nix uses his powers, inducing in Swann the vision of “Flesh with a God\'s Eyes", causing him see his friends as monstrous figures. The kidnapped girl shoots Nix through the heart with Swann\'s gun. Quaid and Jennifer shoot him until he falls. Swann snaps out of his vision and fastens an ironwork mask over Nix\'s head. Nix thrashes violently for a few moments and appears to die. Swann declares that they will bury him so deep that no one will ever find him. Thirteen years later, New York City private detective Harry D\'Amour  is investigating an insurance fraud case in Los Angeles. D\'Amour has a long-standing interest in the occult, and has some renown from his involvement with a recent exorcism. During the investigation, D\'Amour discovers a fortune teller shop owned by Quaid, where he is relentlessly attacked by a bald man with unusual strength. After finally killing his attacker, D\'Amour finds Quaid suffering from multiple stab wounds. As he dies, Quaid warns D\'Amour that “The Puritan” is coming. Harry reports the incident to the police, but they can\'t find the bald man\'s body. Swann, now a famous stage illusionist, lives in a Beverly Hills mansion with his wife, Dorothea . Swann informs Dorothea that Nix\'s followers have murdered Quaid. Dorothea suggests they hire D\'Amour to investigate the murder. Swann\'s assistant, Valentin , collects D\'Amour, informing D\'Amour that Swann is a performer, not a "real" magician. They attend Quaid\'s funeral, where D\'Amour is introduced to Dorothea. D\'Amour agrees to work for her and she invites him to Swann\'s magic show. Butterfield and the bald man are in the audience. Swann performs a new death-defying illusion, but it goes wrong and he is killed on stage. D\'Amour investigates the accident backstage, and is attacked by Butterfield and the bald man. D\'Amour impales the bald man on a prop. Harry goes to The Magic Castle, where he meets Billy Inferno, another illusionist. Inferno has heard of Nix described as a legend, but he believes that Nix taught Swann to use real magic. D\'Amour questions Dorothea, but she denies ever having heard the name "Nix". Harry learns that Jennifer Desiderio is now institutionalized. D\'Amour visits her and sees that she is irrevocably insane. When he mentions Swann, she becomes violently agitated and screams warnings about Nix and "The Puritan". She flees into the street where she is hit and killed by a car. D\'Amour enlists Inferno\'s help to get into The Repository, a special room in the Castle that supposedly contains every magic secret known to man. After perusing the books there, D\'Amour learns more about Nix and confirms that Swann\'s "illusions" involved real magic. D\'Amour questions Dorothea again. She reveals that she was the girl that Nix kidnapped, and that she married Swann because she felt she owed her life to him. Dorothea and D\'Amour make love. Afterwards he is attacked by a man engulfed in fire. Harry suspects that the attack was Swann\'s attempt at revenge, so he opens his coffin and finds that the body inside is fake. Valentin explains that he helped Swann fake his death. D\'Amour agrees to allow Valentin and Dorothea\'s ruse to continue. Harry spots Swann in disguise at his own funeral and follows him. Swann, who knows about their tryst, attacks Harry again with magic. D\'Amour convinces Swann to help him put an end to Nix\'s cult. Butterfield attacks Valentin and kidnaps Dorothea. Butterfield uses Dorothea as a hostage to force Valentin to recover Nix\'s body. Butterfield takes the corpse back to the old house in the desert. There, the other cultists have already gathered to bring about Nix\'s resurrection. Butterfield removes the iron mask and Nix regains consciousness. Swann and D\'Amour, acting on information given by the dying Valentin, arrive. Butterfield attacks D\'Amour. Swann attacks Butterfield and tells D\'Amour to rescue Dorothea. Nix, instructing his followers to prepare to receive his wisdom, opens a hole in the ground beneath him and Dorothea and turns the earth to quick sand that swallows the cultists. He declares that only Swann is worthy of receiving his knowledge. D\'Amour finds Nix and Dorothea just as Nix is dropping her into the hole. Harry rescues Dorothea. As they flee, D\'Amour and Dorothea are attacked by Butterfield. Harry kills him. Swann agrees to act as Nix\'s disciple in an effort to stall for time. Nix sees through the ruse and attacks Swann with magic. Nix invokes "Flesh with a God\'s Eyes" on Harry. Dorothea shakes him back to consciousness. She finds Harry\'s gun and shoots Nix in the head. Nix uses his powers to fling Dorothea aside, and then begins to transform into a hideous creature. Swann uses magic to help D\'Amour deliver a final blow to Nix. Nix is distracted and falls into the hole, now filled with lava. Dorothea holds Swann in her arms as he succumbs to his injuries. D\'Amour sees that Nix, hideously injured but alive, is summoning a whirlwind. The whirlwind seals the hole. Dorothea and D\'Amour escape the house and walk into the desert.'] ['Set in Los Angeles in 1941, against a seamy backdrop of police corruption, cheap hotel rooms, illegal gambling and jewel trafficking, private detective Philip Marlowe is holed up in a hotel room and growing more weary by the hour. As he explains to his police lieutenant friend Nulty: "I\'ve got a hat, a coat and a gun, that\'s it." Marlowe has been hired by a huge and surly ex-convict, Moose Malloy, to find his old girlfriend Velma, whom he hasn\'t seen in years. At the same time, Marlowe is investigating the murder of a client who was a victim of blackmail and a stolen necklace made of jade. While encountering connections to both cases, Marlowe develops an attraction to the married but seductive Helen Grayle. As the body count mounts, Marlowe survives numerous attempts on his life which include being drugged and held captive by a psychotic madam. The action comes to a head with a shootout on a gambling boat off the L.A. coast.'] [' High school student Brendan Frye is living a lonely existence after breaking up with his girlfriend Emily Kostich and betraying his friend Jerr to the authorities. Brendan receives a phone call from a terrified Emily. She begs him to help her, mentioning a "brick", "poor Frisco", "tug", and "the Pin" before abruptly and fearfully hanging up. Her fear appears to have been due to a passing car, from which a distinctive-looking cigarette was thrown. Brendan searches for Emily and arranges a meeting through Dode, leader of a stoner clique that Emily belongs to. When they meet, Emily recants what she had said on the phone and tells Brendan to let her go. Brendan steals her notepad during the encounter, finding a clue that leads him to her dead body. Brendan takes it upon himself to solve her murder, enlisting the aid of an acquaintance named Brain. Brendan hides the body to avoid police intrusion. Brendan discovers that "The Pin" mentioned by Emily is a local drug baron. Brendan sets about getting The Pin\'s attention by beating up Brad Bramish, an arrogant jock and The Pin\'s regular customer. Afterwards, Brendan is beaten up by an unknown man. Brendan meets The Pin and persuades him to consider Brendan for a spot in his operation. Laura, Brad\'s squeeze, tells Brendan that The Pin had rejected Emily\'s attempt to join, so she stole the title\'s brick. Laura offers to help Brendan, but he does not trust her. The Pin accepts Brendan. Brendan gets a call from Dode, who says he saw Brendan hide Emily\'s body and, believing Brendan to be the murderer, vows to ruin him. Brendan meets with The Pin, who suspects an uprising from Tug, the gang member who had earlier beat up Brendan. Brain learns that "poor Frisco" is Frisco Farr, a student who fell into a coma after injecting poorly-cut heroin. Brendan learns from Tug that The Pin initially received a shipment of ten bricks. He has sold eight. The ninth was stolen and replaced with one that had been doctored with detergent, causing Frisco\'s coma. The Pin interrupts to tell Tug about meeting someone who knows what happened to Emily. Brendan, weakened from several recent fistfights, intercepts Dode before the meeting and discovers Emily was pregnant when she died. Dode tries to tell Tug and The Pin that Brendan killed Emily, but Tug goes berserk and shoots Dode in the head. Tug then threatens The Pin, who walks away as Brendan faints due to internal bleeding. Brendan awakens in Tug\'s bedroom, then Tug says he\'s at war with The Pin. Brendan arranges a meeting between Tug and The Pin. Brendan sleeps with Laura, noticing that she smokes the distinctive cigarettes he had seen after Emily\'s first phone call. At the meeting, chaos erupts when it is discovered that the tenth brick is missing. Tug beats The Pin to death while Brendan flees, escaping just as police arrive. As he goes he passes the trunk of Tug\'s car, where Emily\'s body is visible because he had hidden her there before the meeting to ensure that police pin her murder on Tug. The next day, Brendan reveals to Laura that he knows she set Emily up to take the fall for Laura\'s theft of the ninth brick. She further manipulated Emily into meeting Tug, letting him believe he was responsible for Emily\'s pregnancy. It is revealed that Laura later stole the tenth brick. Brendan tells Laura he has put the truth in a note to Vice Principal Trueman, who finds the brick in Laura\'s locker. Laura vindictively tells Brendan that Emily expressed regret that she couldn\'t keep her pregnancy because she didn\'t love the prospective father, and that Emily was three months pregnant when she died, implying that the baby was his. The film ends with Brendan watching Laura as she walks away.'] ["In London, a young woman named Vivian Vedder  verifies that a carpenter has completed a coffin for her recently deceased mother's body, which she is transporting to Scotland by train. She boards the train that evening, as do Lady Margaret Carstairs , who owns and is transporting the famous Star of Rhodesia diamond; Lady Margaret's son Roland ; Holmes, whom Roland has hired to protect the diamond; Inspector Lestrade , who is also worried about the diamond's safety; and Watson and his friend Major Duncan-Bleek . Holmes briefly examines the diamond. Shortly afterward, Roland is murdered and the diamond is stolen. Lestrade, Holmes, and Watson learn nothing conclusive in questioning the other passengers, and Holmes is pushed out of the train, nearly to his death, but he climbs back inside and discovers a secret compartment in the coffin carrying Miss Vedder's mother. He suspects that one of the people on the train is the notorious jewel thief Colonel Sebastian Moran. Upon further questioning, Miss Vedder admits that a man paid her to transport the coffin. As Watson and Duncan-Bleek join the group, Holmes reveals that he swapped the diamond with an imitation while examining it. Lestrade takes possession of the real diamond. In the luggage compartment, Holmes and Watson find a train guard murdered with a poisoned dart. Meanwhile, a street criminal named Sands  incapacitates the conductor. Sands was hidden inside the coffin, and is in cahoots with Duncan-Bleek, who is in fact Colonel Moran. Sands and Moran go to Lestrade's room, where Sands knocks him unconscious and steals the diamond from him, but Moran double-crosses Sands, shooting him dead with the same dart gun he used to kill Roland and the guard. The train makes an unexpected stop to pick up several Scottish policemen led by Inspector McDonald . Holmes informs McDonald that Duncan-Bleek is really Moran, and McDonald arrests Moran and finds the diamond in his vest, but Moran seizes a policeman's gun and pulls the emergency cord to stop the train. During a scuffle in which the lights are turned off, Holmes subdues and handcuffs Moran, then secretly hides him under a table. When the lights are turned on again, the officers leave the train with Lestrade, his coat covering his face, believing he is Moran. As the train departs, Lestrade captures the thieves in the train station, and Holmes reveals to Watson and Moran that he recognized McDonald as an impostor and recovered the diamond from him during the fight."] ["Los Angeles private-eye Philip Marlowe is trying to locate the brother of his new client, a woman named Orfamay Quest. The trail leads to two men who deny any knowledge of the brother's existence. Both are soon killed by an ice pick, so Marlowe deduces that there's much more to this than a simple missing-person case. Marlowe's path crosses that of a blackmailed movie star, Mavis Wald, and her friend, exotic dancer Dolores . A mobster sends karate expert Winslow Wong to bust up Marlowe's office and warn him off the case, while Lieutenant French also cautions the detective to stay out of the police's way. Hand-to-hand combat between the martial-arts artist and detective leads to Wong's plummeting to his death off a balcony. Several more die along the way in a case that leads to a final shootout during a striptease."] ['The very beginning of the film, before the opening credits, shows a new widow sitting in a life insurance office. Expecting to be compensated for her husband\'s death, the widow is informed that she is not entitled to full death benefits because the insurance company has captured footage of her husband smoking and attributes cigarettes to his death. Abe Holt looks on as his co-worker convinces the widow that she\'s lucky to leave with a small fraction of the award she was expecting. The film centers around three vehicle crashes, which are first introduced to the viewer one after another at the very beginning of the movie. The first shows a young couple flying through the open roof of their convertible, which has been ejected over a cliff. They swim to shore, where the woman hits the leg of her fellow passenger with a pipe. The second involves a city bus and insurance adjustor Abe Holt , who has arrived at the scene on the suspicion that many of the passengers boarded the bus after the accident, looking to file a claim. Holt bluffs, claiming a hidden camera will help sort out who was truly on the bus; many leave, and his co-worker  quickly tells him their company wants him to investigate a crash in the remote and desolate town of North Hastings, Minnesota. The third crash involves an unnamed young man who is stranded at the side of the road on a rainy night, after stopping in the local bar. He accepts a ride from the man who has drained his gas tank, who proceeds to speed the car against the wall of a tunnel, injuring his passenger in the wreck. The anonymous man is dragged to the front seat and buckled in before the gas is poured over the car and set ablaze. However, to those who later discover the crash it appears that Kelvin Anderson has died after crashing his own car into the tunnel wall, prompting a spontaneous vehicle fire that burned his body beyond recognition. The local police are convinced it is an open-and-shut case, as Kelvin’s driver\'s license is found in the glovebox, the plates on the car match Kelvin\'s, and Kelvin\'s sister, Isold , lives on the other side of the tunnel. However, Holt is suspicious because while the body is conveniently unidentifiable the license is still intact and Isold, the sole beneficiary of the $1 million policy, is skittish and was not expecting her brother\'s visit. Isold’s husband, the suspiciously cheerful and vaguely threatening "Fred" McBride , further convinces Holt there\'s something else to this case. As he continues to investigate the case Holt discovers a number of surprising secrets, among them the fact that Frederick McBride is actually dead  and that the supposedly dead Kelvin has a record as a con man. The most convincing evidence are photos of Kelvin, from his criminal record and high school, showing him looking like the man posing as "Fred." Holt eventually determines that the charred body pulled from the car wreck is not Kelvin\'s, that Isold\'s "husband" is actually her brother Kelvin. A flashback reveals that the couple from the convertible seen at the opening of the movie was Isold and Kelvin, wrecking their car—and Kelvin\'s leg—for insurance money. When Isold figures out that her brother has murdered an innocent drifter she is horrified, but Kelvin convinces her to "play her part" in this last con by holding hostage her  son Thor. When Isold visits the insurance office to collect on Kelvin\'s policy, Holt—in an echo of the movie\'s opening scene—informs her that he cannot award her the full $1 million she expects, only the blue book value of his car . Isold leaves angrily; when Holt tells her she\'s lucky he hasn\'t exposed her as an accessory to murder, she tells him that her brother has taken Thor. Moved and concerned, Holt puts a one-day hold on her check  and changes the name of the insured on the policy from "Kelvin Anderson" to "Frederick McBride." The next day Isold cashes her check and opens a safety deposit box, in which she puts a childhood picture of her and her brother. She returns to the motel where Kelvin is staying with Thor, and tries to convince him that she has left the rest of the money in the safety deposit box so that she can leave with Thor. Kelvin doesn\'t buy it, and gets in his car with Thor—only to find he\'s held at gunpoint by Holt, in the backseat. Holt tells Isold to leave with the boy and Fred speeds off, buckling his seatbelt . Kelvin crashes the car, killing both men, and Isold is awarded the full benefits of the tampered life insurance policy.'] ['C.W. Briggs is an insurance investigator who is highly successful, owing to his many connections and ability to think like a criminal. His work does not impress Betty Ann Fitzgerald, an efficiency expert who butts heads with Briggs over his old-fashioned views. Her advice is usually followed however, because she secretly is in a relationship with her boss, Chris Magruder, who constantly reassures her that they will be free to pursue their relationship in public once he finalizes his divorce with his wife. While attending a dinner with some employees, Fitzgerald and Briggs are called on by a stage magician to be in his hypnotism act. Using the words "Madagascar" and "Constantinople" on them respectively as trigger words to put then in a trance, the two are given the suggestion that they are newlyweds who are madly in love before being reawakened. When Briggs returns home for the evening, he receives a call from the magician, who uses Brigg\'s trigger word to put him back in a trance and orders him to steal jewels for him. Briggs has no recollections of these crimes after he is woken up and is determined to prove himself by solving the crimes. He begins to investigate Fitzgerald on the grounds of her suspicious behavior  and sneaks into her house one evening. There, he witnesses Magruder tell her that he has reconciled with his wife and will not have a divorce. When he leaves, Fitzgerald becomes drunk in a fit of depression and tries to jump out of a window. Briggs stops her and spends the night keeping her from other self destructive activity. Eventually, investigations begin to pick up evidence that points to Briggs, leading to his arrest. He manages to escape to Fitzgerald\'s place, where she grudgingly hides him. Thinking that Briggs is no longer available, the magician begins to call Fitzgerald, using her trigger word of "Madagascar" to put her in a hypnotic state and resume stealing for him. It also becomes apparent that the subliminal suggestion of being in love has remained, as Fitzgerald and Briggs continue to act the part of newlyweds with each other while hypnotized. This leads several of Brigg\'s co-workers to recall the initial hypnotism and realize that it is the cause of the robberies. They free Briggs of the trigger word and upon remembering everything, he rushes to the site where the still hypnotized Fitzgerald is delivering the jewels to the magician. Briggs is discovered and held at gunpoint, however he deduces that a small-time criminal like the magician wouldn\'t have the nerve to do something as drastic as murder. The magician attempts to run but is caught by the police shortly after. Back at work, Briggs attempts to convince Fitzgerald that he loves her and she is better off with him than Magruder . She remains unwilling to break up with her boss, leading Briggs to ask, "Where are you going? Madagascar?" and puts her in a hypnotic and loving state. After they have left, their colleague George remarks that he already deprogrammed her.'] ['In the 1870s, residents of the garrison at the Fort Humboldt Army outpost are supposedly suffering from a diphtheria epidemic. A train is heading towards the fort filled with reinforcements and medical supplies. There are also civilian passengers on the train – Nevada governor Fairchild  and his mistress Marica , among others. The train stops briefly in Myrtle, where it takes on board a local lawman ([[Ben Johnson  and his prisoner, John Deakin , a notorious outlaw who was identified via a picture in a newspaper article. However, Deakin is actually an undercover federal agent. Deakin, along with his partner, the Reverend, discovers en route that there is no epidemic at the outpost and the "epidemic" is actually a conspiracy between a group of killers and a tribe of Indians. One by one, though, men aboard the train keep dying as it steams toward Breakheart Pass.'] ["It's early 19th century Korea. The film introduces with the depiction of Dongwha Island, an island in which most of its inhabitants dedicate on paper-making industry. One night, the paper cargo, set to be sent to the royal court, is burned by a mysterious fire. The government sends officer Wonkyu to the island to investigate the incident. On the day of arrival, Wonkyu discovers that a murder had simultaneously happened on the night of fire. The villagers are terrified and in a state of panic, blaming the grudged spirits of family Kang to be the responsible force. The Kang was a family who had been all executed years ago by the government, after having been accused of being Christian converters. While Wonkyu tries his best to gather the fragmented clues behind the incident, more atrocious murders occur, driving the villagers into a higher state of panic and some even to insanity. As the young officer approaches to the truth, digging deeper into the island’s dark past, Wonkyu discovers that there may be something even more frightening than the murders or the murderer on the island - a truth that will make him to question about the deepest part of our human nature."] ['{{Plot}} The film, set in Edwardian London, begins with a young couple courting in the woods. Doris Mann  is insistent that there is a peeping tom watching them from the bushes. Her boyfriend, Albert Potter , while grumbling that he\'s been dating her for a year and there\'s been nothing worth watching thus far, reluctantly leaves to scout the area, leaving Doris on her own. Suddenly, a hideous creature appears from behind a tree and abducts her. When Albert returns he is horrified to find Doris gone, and a hairy, clawed finger in her place. Terrified, he runs to the police. The bungling Constable Slobotham  takes the details of the case and phones his superior, the henpecked Sergeant Sidney Bung . Bung gets an earful from his nagging wife, Emily , about the noise the telephone is making as it is preventing her from sleeping. Slobotham reports the disappearance of Doris Mann, and Bung notes that she is the sixth woman to have vanished in Hocombe Woods within a year. After ordering Slobotham to keep Albert there, the long-suffering Bung hangs up and prepares to leave for the police station. As he does, Emily screams at him more. After interviewing Albert and seeing the strange finger the monster left behind, Bung, Slobotham, and Albert search the woods. The creature is searching for his finger but is disturbed by the arrival of Bung and Albert; Slobotham is guarding the sergeant\'s car. Albert and Bung notice a horrible stench in the air, and Slobotham faints with horror at the monster\'s appearance. As he lies unconscious, the creature tears the car apart then leaves. Bung and Albert find Slobotham and drive to an eerie manor house named Bide-A-Wee Rest Home. Inside a tall, Lurch-like butler, Sockett  greets them. When they inquire to see the master of the house, Sockett deadpans that the master has been dead for fifteen years, yet still persists in asking him if he can see them. Bemused, the three men enter the gothic manor and wait in the lounge. Watching them through the eyes of a portrait is the voluptuous lady of the manor, Valeria . After Sockett explains that the policemen want to see the master, Valeria reluctantly goes to wake her brother. She creeps through a secret passage to an underground laboratory and uses electricity to reanimate her brother, zombie Dr Orlando Watt . Dr Watt stumbles to greet the three men, and explains to them his dreams of reanimating his mummified Egyptian pharaoh, King Rubatitti. After getting a statement, Bung makes to leave but Watt collapses and his face begins to dissolve into the air. Albert wires Watt up to an electric plug and restores him. Bung refuses to acknowledge anything odd has happened, but is still unwilling to revisit the house. After they leave, Valeria is about to regenerate the monster who kidnapped Doris; the creature is named Oddbod, and it transpires that Dr Watt and Valeria and Oddbod are responsible for the missing women, as they kidnap innocent women and turn them into mannequins. When Bung returns home, he receives another nagging from his wife, yet manages to escape to the lab as they have a report on Oddbod\'s finger. The scientist describes it as coming from an extinct species of ape-man, but says he will wire it up to an electrical charge to see if it is a living membrane. Suddenly Albert turns up with a note from someone saying they know what happened to Doris. They go to the public washing house and meet Dan Dann, ([[Charles Hawtrey , who dilly-dallies about what happened to the girls. Unknown to them, Watt and Valeria have sent Oddbod to follow them, and Oddbod kills Dan by drowning him in a lavatory. Back at the lab, the scientist has accidentally managed to recreate another Oddbod, which kills him and goes to Bide-A-Wee, where he is adopted by the Watt family. Later that night, after Watt and Valeria have finished vitrifying another victim, Bung arrives at the manor and becomes infatuated with Valeria, who returns his love. After a wild night with Valeria, Bung is in a good mood, which is ruined after Albert is caught breaking into a shop, claiming one of dummies is his Doris. Obviously no one believes him. Bung returns to Valeria, as he cannot stop thinking about her. He lets slip about the confusion with Doris and the dummy, and she becomes worried. Valeria confides in Orlando and they scheme to get Doris back. Valeria poisons Bung and thus turns him into Mr Hyde, and sends him out to collect the dummy. Next morning Bung and Slobotham arrest Albert on suspicion of theft, but fail to prove anything as he has merely five toes, whilst the footprints in the shop had six. Albert leaves and Bung and Slobotham hatch a plan to set a trap for the monster who is abducting the women. Slobotham is disguised in drag and made to sit in the woods. Emily Bung follows them, thinking her husband is having an affair with this "woman" and Albert also follows, wanting to catch the creature. Emily and Slobotham are captured by the Oddbods, and taken to the manor. Albert and Bung find Oddbod\'s ear and go to see if Valeria is safe. Valeria and Orlando plot to rid themselves of Bung and his friends, by starting a new line of male dummies for tailors. Valeria persuades Bung and Albert to spend the night at the manor, and slips a viper into their bed as they sleep. Emily Bung is turned into a dummy, and they prepare to start on Slobotham. Bung kills the snake with a gun and Orlando sets the monsters on them. Bung and Albert attempt to escape through a secret passage and save Slobotham and discover the dummy of Doris. Albert manages to reanimate her and Bung finally accepts that there is something odd going on. As they try to escape, they are cornered by the Oddbods and are trapped in the lounge. As the monsters advance on them, Albert downs the poisoned brandy Valeria gave Bung earlier. Albert turns into Mr Hyde and defeats the Oddbods. Just as he returns to normal, Orlando and Valeria burst in and Orlando threatens to petrify them with a special formula. Before he can, lightning strikes a plug and brings the Egyptian mummy to life. Watt is delighted, yet the mummy turns on him and drags him into a boiling vat, with Watt screaming, "Frying Tonight!" Albert and Doris are married and visit Bung in his home. They are surprised to find that Mrs Bung is still a dummy, and that Valeria is now living with Sergeant Bung. The film ends with the dummy of Mrs Bung winking slyly at the camera.'] ['The film is about a policeman, Robert Hansen, from Copenhagen who makes a mistake, is sent for therapy, and then is assigned to a small town in South Jutland. The interactions are intense between the small town people and the big city policeman now living there. The classic complicated issues of small town life are rephrased many times in the film.'] ["Lou Peckinpaugh , a bumbling San Francisco private detective, tries to prove himself innocent of his partner's murder while helping a bizarre array of characters recover a lost treasure. The film spoofs Casablanca, Maltese Falcon, Chinatown, A Streetcar Named Desire and To Have and Have Not.{{cite web}}"] ['{{Expand section}} Victoria "V.I" Warshawski is a Chicago based private detective who agrees to babysit for her new boyfriend; then he is murdered. Being the detective type, she makes the murder her next case. In doing so she befriends the victim\'s daughter, Kat, and together they set out to crack the case.'] ['= It is three years prior to the movie events where Shinichi tries to find a witness to confirm a man\'s alibi for innocence from the murder of his grandmother; apparently he passed out drinking the day he was supposed to meet his grandmother. The clues are a black lab the man saw when he was drunk and the wall which blocks his view. Genta, Ayumi, and Mitsuhiko are shown in Kindergarten but they are too young to confirm the man\'s alibi. Shinichi solves the case with the help of his father. In the end, he walks down a path with Ran they notice woman starts singing; the song happens to be "Amazing Grace". Conan voices that the song he heard will be important in the case three years from now. Many ties have been made to the OVA, specifically the scene where Shinichi and Ran walk down a path beside a river and forest and hearing a woman singing "Amazing Grace", revealed to be Akiba singing.'] ["Sir Karell Borotyn  is found murdered in his own house, with two tiny pinpoint wounds on his neck. The attending doctor Dr. Doskil  and Sir Karell's friend Baron Otto  are convinced that responsible for the murder is a vampire, specifically Count Mora  and his daughter Luna , while the Prague police inspector  refuses to believe. Now his daughter Irena ([[Elizabeth Allan  is the count’s next target. Enter Professor Zelen , an expert on vampires and the occult, who’s sent in to prevent her death. At the same time, secrets are revealed surrounding the circumstances of Sir Karell’s death."] ['The film begins with the disappearance of Pennsylvania executive Tom Gruneman . The police reveal that an obscene letter was found in Gruneman\'s office, addressed to a prostitute in New York City named Bree Daniels , who had received several similar letters from him. After six months of fruitless police work, Peter Cable , an executive at Gruneman\'s company, hires family friend and police officer John Klute  to investigate Gruneman\'s disappearance. Klute rents an apartment in the basement of Daniels\' building, taps her phone, and follows her as she turns tricks. Daniels appears to be liberated by the freedom of freelancing as a call girl, but in a series of visits to her psychiatrist, she gradually reveals the emptiness of her life and that she wants to quit. Klute asks Daniels to answer some of his questions, but she refuses. He approaches her again, revealing that he has been watching her. She assumes that he will turn her in if she does not cooperate, but does not recall Gruneman at all. She reveals that she was beaten by one of her johns two years earlier, but after seeing a photo of Gruneman, she says she cannot say for sure one way or the other. She is only certain that the john "was serious" about the attack. Daniels takes Klute to meet her former pimp, Frank Ligourin , who reveals that one of his prostitutes shared the abusive client to Bree, another woman named Arlyn Page . The original prostitute committed suicide, and Page became a drug addict and disappeared. As they search the city for the woman over several days, Klute and Daniels develop a romance. She admits to a deep paranoia which makes her think that she is being watched. Throughout the film, she is frequently shown from the perspective of a stalker across the street. When the couple finally track down Page, she says that the customer was not Gruneman but an "older man". Shortly after the meeting, Page\'s body turns up in the Kill Van Kull, another apparent suicide. Klute deduces a connection between the two suicides of the prostitutes who have been with the mysterious abusive client, surmising that the client probably also killed Gruneman and may kill Daniels next. He revisits Gruneman\'s contacts anew to try to find connections with the case. By typographic comparison, the supposed obscene letters of Gruneman are traced to Cable, with whom Klute has been meeting regularly to report on his investigation. Now with a suspect, Klute asks Cable for an additional $500 to buy the "black book" of the first prostitute who committed suicide, telling Cable he is certain the book will reveal the identity of the abusive client. This flushes Cable out. Cable confronts Bree and reveals that he sent her the letters, explaining that Gruneman had interrupted him when he was attacking a prostitute. Certain that Gruneman would use the incident as leverage against him within the company, Cable attempted to frame Gruneman by planting the letter in his office. He confesses to killing Page and the other prostitute to cover his tracks. After playing an audiotape he made as he murdered Page, he attacks Daniels. Klute rushes in, and Cable jumps out the window to his death. The film closes with Daniels moving out of her apartment to return to Pennsylvania with Klute.'] ['About to leave London for a much-needed vacation, Holmes and Watson receive a cryptic invitation. Intrigued, Holmes accepts and is met by the prime minister of the fictional country of Rovinia, who begs him to escort Prince Nikolas home. It turns out that his father has been assassinated, and Nikolas is the heir. Holmes agrees. Arrangements have already been made for an airplane. When it develops problems, a smaller replacement only has room for the prince and Holmes, leaving Watson behind. When Watson protests, Holmes suggests he follow on a passenger ship bound for Algiers. On the voyage, Watson reads that the airplane has crashed in the Pyrenees and that it is unlikely that there are any survivors. Fortunately, Holmes has an aversion of plans made by others and is aboard the ship with Nikolas. He instructs Watson to introduce the prince to the other passengers as his nephew. Though Watson suspects everyone, from American singer Sheila Woodbury to exercise fanatic Agatha Dunham to a secretive pair who later turn out to be archeologists, of being killers, it is not until the ship makes an unscheduled stop at Lisbon that the real Russian agents come aboard: Gregor, circus knife thrower Mirko, and a hulking mute named Gubec. First, Mirko tries to kill Holmes with a throw through a porthole, then Gregor substitutes an explosive party favor, but Holmes foils both attempts. Finally, the villains succeed in kidnapping the prince when they dock at Algiers, only for Holmes to reveal that the "prince" was a decoy; the real prince had been posing as a steward, hidden in plain sight the whole time.Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] ['A police sergeant and a parole officer endeavor to stop a rapist-on-parole before he can follow through his threats on five women who testified against him years earlier.'] ['{{quotation}} At the West Hills Golf Club in Westchester, E.J. Kimball  and his son Manuel  are welcomed into the party of elderly Professor Barstow  and his prospective son-in-law Claude Roberts . Barstow sends his caddy back to the clubhouse to fetch his visor, and finds himself without his clubs when it is his turn to tee off. The elder Kimball loans his driver to Barstow. Immediately after hitting his drive, Barstow flinches. "A mosquito bit me just as I hit the ball," he complains with good humor. "Too bad," Kimball replies sympathetically, taking the club from Barstow and making his own drive. As the foursome sets out on the course, Barstow is stricken and succumbs quickly to an apparent heart attack. At the New York brownstone of Nero Wolfe ([[Edward Arnold , Marie Maringola  offers the sedentary detective genius $50 to find her brother. Although he is an expert metal worker, Carlo Maringola had such trouble finding work in America that he planned to return to the old country. On the eve of his departure Carlo told his sister that he could stay in America after all — he got a job. They had arranged a celebration but Carlo never came. He disappeared. Wolfe takes Maria\'s case and sends his confidential assistant Archie Goodwin  to investigate at Carlo\'s apartment house. Archie returns to the brownstone with evidence that suggests that Carlo will never be found alive — and that his death is linked to the death of Professor Barstow. Wolfe theorizes that Barstow was killed by a specially constructed golf club, one that was converted by Carlo into an air rifle that propelled a poisoned needle into his midsection when he struck the ball. His theory is borne out by an autopsy of Barstow, and the discovery of Carlo\'s body. Solving the murder of Professor Barstow will be a far more lucrative endeavor, Wolfe is pleased to learn: a $50,000 reward has been offered. But interviews with Barstow\'s daughter , his widow  and his doctor ([[Frank Conroy , do little to advance the investigation. Far more helpful is a luncheon for the four boys who caddied for Professor Barstow\'s foursome. Hearing their accounts, Wolfe concludes that the intended murder victim had been E.J. Kimball, not Barstow. Kimball dismisses the notion that his life is in danger until he is informed that his car has been wrecked and his chauffeur is dead — killed by a fer-de-lance, a South American snake that is probably the most poisonous in the world. The autopsies of Professor Barstow and Carlo Maringola reveal that they too were poisoned, by the venom of the fer-de-lance. Convinced that his life is in deadly peril, Kimball pleads for Wolfe\'s help. After E.J. Kimball tells him about his sensational past in South America, Wolfe concludes that at least six people had reason to wish him dead — and that the Barstow family is not above suspicion. Wolfe assigns Archie to move in with Kimball and his son, to watch over the old man. After a long game of Monopoly on the Kimballs\' terrace that evening, the three men rise to go in to dinner — and shots are fired. The attack causes Wolfe to summon all of the principals to the brownstone. They are to spend the night, and they will stay as long as necessary. The next evening a deadly parcel arrives, addressed to Wolfe. The killer has Wolfe in his sights — and Wolfe knows he has the killer under his roof.'] ['FBI agent John Ripley investigates the three cases his murdered partner Zack Stewart was working on, thinking there could be a connection. One involves wanted fugitive Joe Walpo, who has killed a gas-station attendant. Another concerns a department store fashion buyer, Kate Martell, who is being extorted by a man threatening to kill her daughter. Ripley and his new partner trail Connie Anderson, a girlfriend of Walpo\'s, to his hideout, where Ripley shoots him. Then they follow Kate to the "Hollywood" sign in the hills above Los Angeles, where she has been told to bring the money. There the extortionist is revealed to be a man named Milson who had shown a romantic interest in Kate, leading to a confrontation with Ripley.'] ["Returning to New York from Europe, Boston Blackie  tries unsuccessfully to strike up a conversation with attractive fellow ocean liner passenger Marilyn Howard . He later rescues her when she is accosted by a man. However, when he tries to follow her, he runs into his friendly nemesis, police Inspector Faraday ([[Richard Lane , who wants to take him in on suspicion of stealing some pearls. Knowing that Blackie's word is good , Faraday merely confiscates his boarding pass. However, when Blackie discovers the body of the man who had bothered Marilyn Howard deposited in his suite, he has to break his word and debark to clear his name. He trails Howard to the Coney Island amusement park. She has been followed by two men and is struck by a poisoned dart. Before dying, she tells him enough to send him to the Mechanical Man , a midway performer whose act is pretending to be a robot or automaton. Soon after, the two killers show up to report to their boss, the Mechanical Man, forcing Blackie to flee once again. He hijacks the car belonging to Cecilia Bradley , and manages to lose his pursuers after a high-speed chase. Cecilia decides to help Blackie, despite his attempts to keep her out of his troubles. They learn from a radio news broadcast that Howard was a spy. Blackie eventually discovers that an espionage ring led by the Mechanical Man is trying to take a stolen navy bombsight out of the country. Faraday and his men follow Blackie to the midway to arrest him and prove handy in apprehending the spies. As a reward, Faraday decides to forget about the evidence linking Blackie to the theft of the pearls."] ["Father Tomasino is stabbed to death. San Francisco traffic cop Joe Martini felt the priest was like an actual father to him. He asks to assist homicide Lieutenant Kilrain in his investigation, but after being rejected, Joe quits the force. He has a hunch restaurant owner Sylvio Malatesta could be involved. Joe is warmly welcomed by Sylvio's family, however, and falls in love with a cousin, Anna. He hides his past identity as a cop from her. Something is troubling Sylvio, but the family believes he still misses a sweetheart killed in Italy during the war. Sylvio also has a alibi for the night of the priest's murder, but Sergeant Gillen gets word to Joe that the alibi is a fake. In a ploy to encourage Sylvio to confide in him, Joe pretends to be a murder suspect himself. Sylvio breaks down and admits to having killed his own sweetheart, then the priest as well after confiding to him about the murder in confession. Sylvio runs into the street and is struck by a moving vehicle. Dying, he begs for Joe's forgiveness."] ['A cat named Francis moves with his owner to a new neighborhood, and no sooner has he set paw into his new home than he is greeted by the slain body of another cat. Local street cat Bluebeard is convinced that this, and the other three recent killings, must have been committed by a "can-opener" - cat slang for a human. Francis disagrees, and as he finds out more about the victims, he is sure that not only is the murderer a cat, but that the killings are all connected by one common factor - each of the victims was sexually aroused at the time of death. He is aided in his investigations by fierce, gluttonous Bluebeard, blind but wise Felicity, and the elderly, technology-savvy cat Pascal. His sleep is haunted by terrifying and vivid nightmares, which offer insight into the mind of the murderer. Francis soon runs afoul of the local bully Kong and the suicidal Claudandus Sect, and he discovers that his new home was once the site of a laboratory owned by Doctor Preterius. Preterius, in his search to create a bonding glue that would heal any flesh wound, performed painful and deadly experiments on countless cats, including the legendary Claudandus. This particular cat was the first upon which the bonding glue worked, something Preterius attributed to superior genetics. He continued routine vivisection on Claudandus, and as his experiments continued to fall short of expectations, the doctor descended into alcoholic madness. One day, the long-suffering Claudandus attacked Preterius, tearing open his throat. After Preterius\'s death, the abandoned lab became a meeting site for the Claudandus Sect, who believe that Claudandus was imbued with powers that could help the cat species evolve into something greater. Some believe that Claudandus has ascended to another life, and that by sacrificing themselves through ritual suicide, they may attain perfection. It is eventually revealed that Claudandus lives on, having taken on the identity of Pascal, Francis\' mentor. Old and embittered, Claudandus, now Pascal, seeks revenge against humanity, citing them as the only truly evil animal. Through selective breeding, he aims to give rise to a \'new breed\' of feline - one perfect enough to overtake the humans. Using his owner\'s computer to keep a listing of every cat in the city, Pascal is systematically killing the cats he deems unworthy of breeding. He calls his database and his plan simply, "Felidae." When Francis confronts him, Pascal reveals that he is terminally ill with a form of stomach cancer. Having been impressed by Francis\' intelligence, he hopes that the younger cat will continue the Felidae project after he dies. Appalled, Francis deletes Felidae and destroys the computer, sparking an electrical fire. The two cats fight, and Francis disembowels Pascal, who remarks as he dies that he, too, was once as pure as Francis. Francis escapes the burning building, and all remaining traces of Pascal and the Felidae project are destroyed. Looking over the remains of Pascal\'s home, he muses that there must be optimism for a brighter future for both humans and felidae alike.'] ['During the filming of the final scene of a motion picture, the leading man is killed during the filming. Since he was involved with several women on the set, they are all suspects. When leading lady Marcia Lane  is accused, her boyfriend, reporter Franklyn Drew , begins a search for the real killer.'] ['A number of mysterious accidents involving the deaths of women in suburban Australia, lead Val to suspect her son of mass-murder.http://ftvdb.bfi.org.uk/sift/title/194229'] ['A radio star takes a vacation and is later found murdered. Barbara  is accused of murder, while Jerry  tries to prove her innocent.'] [" Private detective Ted Shane returns to work with his former partner Ames, who is not particularly happy about the situation because his wife Astrid dated Ted before they were wed. Valerie Purvis hires the detectives to locate a man called Farrow, and when both Ames and Farrow are found dead, Shane is suspected of both murders. Shane finds his office and apartment have been ransacked and his secretary Miss Murgatroyd has been locked in a closet by Anthony Travers, who is in search of an 8th century ram's horn rumored to be filled with jewels. Madame Barabbas is also searching for the treasure and sends a gunman to bring Shane to her. Working all sides of the street, Shane makes deals with each of them to find the horn, and eventually winds up in possession of a package allegedly containing it, but it turns out to be full of sand instead of jewels. The police round up all the suspects, but Shane and Valerie escape. He baits her into confessing to Ames's murder and tries to apprehend her for the $10,000 reward, but Valerie thwarts him by allowing a washroom attendant to turn her in to the police instead. Miss Murgatroyd then shows up and claims Shane for her own."] ['The film is about a pregnant girl found stabbed on Hampstead Heath. Although she appears to be white, her brother ([[Earl Cameron  arrives at the police station to give evidence and he is black. It then becomes evident to the police officers that this girl has been passing for white.Britmovie.co.uk Features, Sapphire by David Cairns This film reveals the underlying insecurities and fears of ordinary people that exist towards another race.'] ['A detective mystery in which a lord sets out to prove that a man did not kill his wife\'s blackmailer. This was the first film outing for novelist Dorothy L. Sayers\' fictional amateur sleuth Lord Peter Wimsey. The Silent Passenger was an original story written by Sayers specifically for the screen but unfortunately her amateur sleuth turn out as a somewhat eccentric imbecile who solved murders in spite of himself. A blackmailer is murdered by the husband of one of his victims, a railroad detective Henry Camberley , but it is the innocent John Ryder  who is suspected of the murder when Camberley puts the dead body into his trunk. After making the casual acquaintance of Ryder, amateur detective, Lord Peter Wimsey  sets about proving his friend\'s innocence. All these events take place while on a train trip from London to the English Channel, with Ryder acting as "bait" to flush out the real killer and solve the murder.'] ["Mick Cardby  earns a living as a self-employed private detective, to the exasperation of his father Detective Inspector Cardby of Scotland Yard , who would much prefer his son to enrol as a regular policeman. A policeman is killed while on duty in Hyde Park and Scotland Yard are keen to catch the killer of their colleague. Mick launches his own enquiries, which lead him to Lord Morne  who is frantic with worry as his daughter Lena has been abducted by a gang of blackmailers. Lord Morne offers Mick £1,000 to recover Lena safely. Mick gets to work and, aided by his secretary Molly , tracks down the kidnappers to a shady nursing home in a remote rural area. However they manage to flee with Lena to North Wales. The kidnappers arrange a ransom drop with Lord Morne, but Mick arranges for him to go into hiding and goes to the rendezvous himself in disguise. His deception is uncovered and he is overpowered and taken to a derelict cargo ship. The gang use torture to try to get him to reveal Lord Morne's whereabouts, but Mick keeps his nerve and refuses to divulge the information. Finally they throw him into the ship's hold and set the vessel on fire. Mick manages to escape in the nick of time, and also rescues a member of the gang who had apparently been deemed surplus to requirements and had also been left to die on the blazing ship. This man is understandably disgruntled by his treatment at the hands of his former partners in crime, and is only to happy to help Mick out with the location where Lena is being held. Mick makes his way to the hideout and approaches stealthily, but not well enough to avoid being spotted by a lookout. A dramatic confrontation follows, and just as things are starting to look desperate for Mick, his father turns up with a Scotland Yard posse to save the day. The gang is captured and the rescued Lena is reunited with her father. She expresses her gratitude to Mick, with the hope that they will get to know each other better."] ["During the 1970s, FBI agent Ray Levoi is assigned to aid in the investigation of a political murder; that of Leo Fast Elk , on a Native American reservation in South Dakota. Agent William Dawes, Levoi's superior, has chosen him for the task due to his mixed Sioux heritage which might assist in the inquiry as they interview local townspeople. Levoi's new partner, agent Frank Coutelle, has diligently worked on the probe looking to apprehend a prime suspect: Aboriginal Rights Movement radical Jimmy Looks Twice. While helping Coutelle track down the suspect, Levoi gradually becomes sensitized to Indian issues, partially from his attraction to Maggie Eagle Bear, a political Native American activist and schoolteacher. Levoi comes to suspect there is a conspiracy and cover-up involving the small town, much to Coutelle's anger. Levoi and Crow Horse later discover that a local government sponsored plan to strip mine uranium on the reservation is at the root of the killings. The mining is polluting the water supply and fueling a bloody conflict between the reservation's anti-government ruling council and the pro-government natives who, led by tribal council president Jack Milton, are not above using violence to further their aims. Milton does not own the land where the mining occurs, but gets kickbacks from the leases. Coutelle is later revealed to be part of the scandal to silence the opposition and help broker the land deal. Soon after finding Maggie Eagle Bear and former convict Richard Yellow Hawk murdered, a showdown ensues between Coutelle and pro-government collaborators against Levoi, Crow Horse and the anti-government activists. Coutelle becomes outnumbered by the armed resistance and is later investigated on charges of corruption."] ['The story is about two U.S. Treasury agents who go undercover in an attempt to break a counterfeiting ring. The agents try to join the gang by posing as counterfeiters from out of town. They eventually join the gang but the stakes are set even higher when one of the agents is killed by the gang while the other undercover T-man watches in horror.'] ["The great detective Sherlock Holmes and his trusted companion Dr. John Watson travel to New York City to investigate a recent threat made by Professor Moriarty. During their investigation, Holmes and Watson are reunited with their old acquaintance Irene Adler, now a popular music-hall singer, who reveals that Moriarty has kidnapped her son. Moriarty has also left a note for Holmes informing him that he will be approached by the police soon for aid in a crime, and should he not refuse- Moriarty also informing him that he should provide no reason for his refusal- the boy will die. Holmes is subsequently contacted by the NYPD regarding the recent apparent theft at the New York bank, with the entire vault of gold bars having vanished seemingly overnight. To protect the child, Holmes refuses the case, but he and Watson later manage to track down and rescue the boy, thus removing Moriarty's blackmail card. Investigating the vaults, and quickly ruling as impossible the actual removal of many tonnes of gold via a narrow tunnel in the time available, Holmes swiftly determines what has taken place; based on the speed of the lift's descent, it should take them 45 seconds to reach the vaults, but they stopped after only 42 seconds. From this, Holmes deduces that Moriarty had an empty, duplicate vault built a few metres above the real one, subsequently planting wooden boards to stop the lift reaching the real vault. While everyone puzzled over how the bars were stolen from the false vault, Moriarty would actually be stealing them from the real one below. The case is solved. As Holmes and Adler say their goodbyes, Adler comments that her son has a keen intellect and a certain knack for solving puzzles, implying that Holmes may be his father. The two nevertheless part ways with Adler giving Holmes a picture of her son to keep."] ["A man calling himself Sam Marlowe  has his face altered to resemble that of his idol, Humphrey Bogart, and then opens a detective agency. At first he and his secretary Duchess  have meager business, but things pick up after a shooting puts Sam's picture in the paper. Some ruthless people, who are coincidentally also similar to characters in Bogart films , are after a priceless set of stones called the Eyes of Alexander , and Marlowe and Duchess are caught in the middle of it all."] ['"The Aspirin Kid" is wanted by the law. He is so known because apparently he uses the ruse of faking a headache and asking women for an aspirin, wherepon he robs them . He acts like a Beatnik as a disguise. At the start of the film Arthur Garrett  is picked up by Detective Culloran after he nearly hits him. Garrett gives the name Stan Hess to the detective . The case of \'The Aspirin Kid\' is assigned to two detectives, Culloran and Baron. Culloran is a twice married man whose first marriage has made him suspicious of women. They have a suspect, a Beatnik called Arthur Jester who fits a description of \'The Aspirin Kid\' but his alibi checks out. Knowing that the cops are on to him, Arthur Garrett turns the tables by going after Culloran\'s wife, Francee. This enrages the detective. He also begins to treat the pregnant Francee differently after her assault, causing her to turn to his partner Baron for advice. Garrett persuades Jester to try to throw Culloran off the track by committing a similar attack on a woman named Georgia Altera at a time when Garrett couldn\'t possibly be involved. But the cops know that Garrett is their man. Jester and Altera fall for each other. At a party near the beach, the deranged Culloran attempts to capture Garrett. After an elaborate scuba-diving chase sequences, Culloran captures and beats up Garrett coming close to killing him before Baron intervenes. Culloran comes to his senses and returns to Francee, who gives birth.'] ["Kojak is on new case, bodies of two young boys are found in Harlem river, their mother  is the main suspect. Soon boys' father  kills himself. Kojak and his new assistant  have to sort things out and solve the case which isn't going to be straightforward task as it seems.New York Magazine 23 Feb 1987"] ['Private investigator Lew Harper\'s marriage to Susan is in trouble and he doesn\'t have many friends, but one of them, mild-mannered attorney Albert Graves, brings him a case. Ralph Sampson, the millionaire husband of hard-boiled, physically disabled  Elaine Sampson is missing. Ralph, worth $20 million, is described by most as money-driven, crazy, alcoholic and egotistical. Elaine doesn\'t seem to even like him and believes he is off with a woman. She just wants to know where he is so that she can, as she states, outlive him. Harper\'s first stop is to see Sampson\'s spoiled but seductive daughter, Miranda, and her amiable casual boyfriend Alan Taggert, who is the missing man\'s private pilot. A photo of a glamorous starlet in Sampson\'s belongings leads to Fay Estabrook, who is now an overweight alcoholic. Harper gets her drunk and drives her home to see if there is any evidence at her house linking her to Sampson\'s disappearance. While she is passed out, he intercepts a phone call meant for her. He pretends to be the "Troy" the caller believes. The caller, named Betty, talks about reports that Fay was seen earlier in the evening with a stranger - that being Harper - and that they need to be careful. When Harper mentions Ralph Sampson, Betty knows that she is not speaking to Troy. After Harper hangs up on her, Troy comes out from the woodwork. He is Fay\'s husband, Dwight Troy, who kicks Harper out of the house at gunpoint. Harper tracks down "Betty" - Betty Fraley, a lounge singer, and not a very good one, with a nasty drug habit. After she asks him about Ralph, she recognizes his voice from the telephone. After Harper threatens to turn her over to the narcotics squad seeing as to the fresh track marks on her arm, Betty admits she knows Sampson, but only casually as a drunk who comes into the bar. After Harper becomes relentless with his questions, Betty gets the bouncer, Puddler, to throw him out, but not until Puddler\'s had a chance to beat him. Taggert comes out of nowhere to rescue Harper by knocking Puddler out unconscious. Taggert had apparently been following leads himself which led him to the lounge. They head back to Fay\'s house to follow another lead mentioned in Betty\'s telephone call about a truck coming through, although Harper has no idea the importance of the truck. While Harper is inside Fay\'s house, he hears gunshots outside. Taggert spotted the truck and was trying to shoot the tires before it got away. Harper tries to run the truck down, but the truck tries to run Harper over before it speeds away. With Miranda, Harper next takes a trip up to the mountaintop temple of a religious cult led by Claude, a bogus holy man, to who Ralph gave the property for the cult\'s temple. Elaine receives a note from Ralph asking her to cash in $500,000 worth of bonds. She verifies the handwriting is his. After Albert cashes the bonds for her and puts the money in his safe, Elaine receives a ransom note telling them where to drop the money. Since the kidnapper seemed to know that they had the money in their possession, Harper figures the kidnapper has an inside source. Now with the police involved, they decide to make the ransom drop, at an oil site outside of town. There, the person who picked up the moneys is shot dead by someone driving a white sedan, who is able to drive off with the money. A matchbook in the dead man\'s pocket leads Harper to a seedy bar called The Corner. At The Corner, Harper learns the dead man\'s name is Eddie, is a regular and made a long distance call to Vegas three nights ago from the bar, the last time he was there. Outside, Harper spots the truck that earlier tried to run him over. Following the truck leads Harper back to the mountaintop temple. There, he uncovers a smuggling organization of illegal immigrants, run by Dwight, who uses Claude\'s temple as a front. Harper is captured by Dwight, Claude and their band of illegal immigrants. Harper is held captive and beaten, overseen by Puddler. Despite having his wrists tied together, Harper manages to kill the guard and escape. He comes home to Susan, who treats his wounds and makes love to him, but Harper runs out on her again the next day. He goes to Taggert on the pretense of borrowing a clean shirt, then taunts him into admitting he\'s in love with Betty and conspired with her to steal Mrs. Sampson\'s ransom payment. Taggert pulls a gun on Harper, who vows to let him go with the money if he does what he was hired to do: find Ralph Sampson. Taggert refuses and is ready to kill Harper. Graves saves the day at the last instant, bursting into the room and shooting Taggert from behind. After Harper tells Miranda the news, Miranda confesses that despite thinking Taggert attractive, she was not in love with him. She also admits hating her father. She considers herself cold and uncaring. Graves attempts to console Miranda about her newly confessed self-loathing. Harper goes looking for Betty and the money in Castle Beach, the beach front community where she and Taggert had their love nest. He is able to locate her by finding the white sedan parked outside one of the houses. He can hear inside that she is being tortured, her captors being Dwight, Claude and Fay who are trying to find out where she hid the money. He also overhears Betty telling them that the money is hidden in a deep freeze storage locker, the key in a box above the fireplace. Harper bursts in, shoots Dwight, slugs Claude, locks Fay in a closet and after he retrieves the key to the locker, helps a barely mobile Betty to escape. After Harper tells her - and proves - that the man she loved, Taggert, is dead, Betty tells him that the man she murdered at the ransom site, Eddie, was her brother, who was working for Dwight, Fay and Claude. She also tells him that Sampson is being held in an abandoned oil tanker. Harper calls Graves to tell him to meet them at the tanker. After they arrive at the tanker, Harper goes inside and is beaten over the head from behind, rendering him unconscious. Arriving at the scene, Graves is able to revive Harper. The person who beat Harper is nowhere in sight. They both end up finding Sampson, he who is now dead, presumed murdered by whoever beat Harper over the head. They also discover that Harper\'s car is gone. Betty has driven off with it, having learned hot-wiring skills from Eddie when they were kids. Using his intuition, Harper, with Graves in Graves\' car, goes searching for Betty. They do end up spotting her driving along the highway. When she spots them behind her, a high speed chase along a narrow winding hillside road ensues. Hitting an unexpected construction crew around a bend in the road, Betty swerves and drives off the road down the hill. The accident kills her. Harper telephones Elaine regarding the news about her husband being dead. She takes the news matter of factly and with a sense of cynical happiness. Harper and Graves go to the deep freeze locker to retrieve the money, which is where Betty said it would be. As Harper and Graves drive to the Sampson estate in Graves\' car to return the money, Harper confronts Graves with his suspicion: that Graves is the one who hit him from behind at the oil tanker and the one who killed Sampson. What gave Graves away was that if the person who beat him was part of the kidnapping gang, he would have searched him for the key to the locker. As such, Graves admits he did kill Sampson, a spur of the moment decision when the opportunity arose. He admits that he thought Sampson a cruel man, not only to him but to everyone. As an example, Sampson did try to push Graves into Miranda\'s arms when Sampson learned Graves was in love with her, but Graves knew Sampson would never give consent for him to marry her, and did it all just for his own amusement. Graves\' consoling Miranda earlier that day pushed him over the edge with regard to his ill feelings for Sampson. Despite Graves telling him that no one will be sad about Sampson\'s death, Harper tells him that he has no choice but to turn him in. At the gate to the Sampson estate, Harper gets out of the car with the money, telling Graves he\'ll need to shoot him to stop him. But neither one is entirely sure what to do next.'] [' Nick and Nora Charles return from vacation to their home in San Francisco on New Year\'s Eve, where Nora\'s stuffy family expect the couple to join them for a formal dinner. Nick is despised by Nora\'s Aunt Katherine, the family matriarch, as his immigrant heritage and experience as a "flat foot" are considered below Nora. The true reason for their invitation is that Nora\'s cousin Selma\'s ne\'er-do-well husband Robert has been missing. Nick is coerced into a little quiet detective work for the family. They easily find Robert at a Chinese nightclub, where he\'s been conducting an affair with Polly, the star performer. Robert tries to extort money from Selma\'s unrequited love, David Graham : $25,000 and Robert will leave Selma alone permanently. Unknown to Robert, Polly and the nightclub\'s owner, Dancer, plan to grift the money and dispose of him. After being paid off, and returning home for some clothes, Robert is shot at the stroke of midnight. David finds Selma standing over Robert and hurriedly disposes of her gun. Despite this, the police determine that she\'s the prime suspect, and her fragile mental state only strengthens the case. Selma insists that she never fired her gun, and Nick is now obliged to investigate and determine the true murderer. As suspects pile up, schemes and double-crosses are found and two more murders occur, including Polly\'s brutal brother. Lt. Abrams  readily accepts Nick\'s assistance. Nick follows a trail of clues that lead him to the apartment of a mysterious "Anderson". As in the previous film, the true murderer is the least likely suspect, betrayed by a trivial slip-up during a final interrogation and denouement featuring all the suspects. The case solved, and once again, traveling by train, Nora reveals to Nick that they are expecting a baby, although Nick has to be prodded into putting the "clues" together and she comments: "And you call yourself a detective."'] ["Two years after killing Hasford, a serial killer, in the line of duty, Kline now works as a private detective, but he is still haunted by the ghosts of his past. A powerful pharmaceutical conglomerate boss hires Kline to find his only son Shitao who has mysteriously disappeared in the Philippines where he had been helping in an orphanage. Kline follows the trail left by the ethereal Shitao to the jungles of Mindanao, and then to the urban jungle of Hong Kong, where he enlists the help of Meng Zi, an old police officer friend. The search leads Kline to cross paths with local organized crime syndicate boss Su Dongpo, who is making trouble for the underworld, triggered by an overriding passion for his drug-addicted girlfriend Lili. Caught in the crossfire between the Hong Kong police and Su Dongpo's mafia drug ring which is also hunting for Shitao, Kline finds himself alone, in this unknown city, when Meng Zi is victim of an assassination attempt and is hospitalised. Leaving behind his 5-stars hotel for a shabby murder scene apartment in order to get inside the mind of Shitao, Kline gradually loses himself in the terrifying memories of Hasford, whose speciality was dissecting his victims' limbs while they were still alive, then reassembling them into installation sculptures. After a few weeks immersed in his haunted memories, torn between good and evil, Kline is about to leave Hong Kong when he finds Shitao, who has become a mysterious vagrant with healing powers.Synopsis, Central Films{{cite news}}"] ["It's dark. It's raining. The streets are empty. A contract killer goes for his next victim. Nothing will go as expected."] ["Following a series of robberies of the K & A Railroad, detective Tom Gordon  is hired to uncover the mystery. Disguised as a bandit, Tom boards the train of K & A President Cullen. Cullen's daughter, Madge, senses that Tom is not a criminal and soon falls in love with him. Madge is sought after by Burton ([[Carl Miller , her father's secretary, who is in league with the bandits. Tom eventually discovers his duplicity, and with the aid of Tony, his horse, rounds up the villains and wins the hand of Madge."] ['In the middle of a pictorial lecture on his recent expedition to the Mongolian Desert, Dr. John Benton  the famous explorer, drinks from the water bottle on his lecture table, collapses and dies. His last words "Eternal Fire" are the only clue Chinese detective Jimmy Wong  and Captain Street  of the police department have to work on. Win Len , Benton\'s secretary, reveals the doctor\'s dying words refer to a scroll which tells the location of rich oil deposits. Wong and Street then begin the search for the killer among Benton\'s associates.'] ['New York lawyer and playboy Clay Dalzell  is asked by old friend Tim Winthrop to locate his girlfriend Alice, who mysteriously disappeared in Chicago a year ago. Winthrop cannot stop thinking about her and believes she is in New York. Along with Donna Mantin , who has romantic designs on him, "Dal" attends a hit stage show called "Midnight" that stars a masked actress, Mary Smith, who vanishes in mid-performance when Winthrop recognizes her and blurts out the name Alice. Gossip columnist Tommy Tennant claims to have discovered a vital clue to the mystery, but before he can reveal it, he is shot in Dal\'s suite. Dal is the main suspect, but Inspector Doremus does not believe him to be guilty, and gives the resourceful lawyer the freedom to investigate on his own. Dal negotiates with gangster Kinland to retrieve letters embarrassing to Donna. When he gets them , he is annoyed to discover that they actually belong to a friend of Donna\'s. Dal runs into an old flame, Jerry, now wed to a lawyer named Classon. Classon, it turns out, is also searching for Alice; she can provide an alibi for his client, convicted of a murder in Chicago. Dal sets up a trap in a Greenwich Village apartment, pretending to have located the missing Mary there and notifying each of the suspects that she is leaving there to meet him at his suite. He reasons that those who are innocent will go to his suite, while the murderer heads to the apartment to silence Mary. The killer indeed turns up, in disguise, putting Dal and Donna in grave danger. Fortunately, Dal and Inspector Doremus are able to subdue the culprit. It is Robert Classon. It turns out that Jerry had carried on affairs, first with the Chicago murder victim, then with his accused killer. Robert Classon killed one of his wife\'s lovers and tried to frame the other. To achieve the latter, he also needed to silence Alice, unaware that she had fled to avoid testifying. She hated the convicted man for ruining her father. With everything wrapped up, Dal finally gives in and marries Donna.'] ["Fritz Brown is a disgraced former LAPD officer now working as a private investigator and part-time repo man. Fritz is hired by an obese caddy named Fat Dog, supposedly to keep tabs on Fat Dog's sister, Jane. In the course of his investigation, Fritz learns that Jane is indeed living with an elderly millionaire named Solly, and that their relationship is odd at best. Fritz follows Solly and witnesses a transaction between Solly and Cathcart, the Internal Affairs Chief who disgraced Fritz and had him expelled from the police force. Fritz soon finds himself thrown into a complicated plot involving crooks, hit men, corrupt police and murder."] ['A young woman called Mickey  reads a poem to an audience at a bar. When she leaves, she gets into an unseen person\'s car. Jill Fitzpatrick  is a former police officer and a private detective who investigates missing persons. She gets a job to look for Mickey, who has been missing for two weeks. Jill goes to Mickey\'s university and meets her poetry professor, Diana . Jill is quickly attracted to Diana, who is married. They meet several times for coffee, not always talking about Mickey, and go out for a drink. They eventually sleep together. Jill hears from Mickey\'s parents that Mickey\'s body has been found. They want Jill to continue investigating because the police are "no help". Jill continues working but is distracted by her affair with Diana. One day Diana\'s husband catches them together, but he is not bothered. Jill\'s friend Lou introduces her to the poet community. She meets two poets, Bill and Tony, both of whom are older men who were having sexual relationships with Mickey. Neither want to talk to Jill. Jill reads some of Mickey\'s poems that were written about Bill. Sexually explicit, Diana calls them "victim poetry" and calls Mickey a "nympho". Jill starts receiving threatening telephone messages from someone with their voice disguised. Mickey\'s flatmate gives Jill a video taken of Mickey in the bar the night she went missing. One night Diana chokes Jill during sex to achieve erotic asphyxiation. Later Diana asks her if she enjoyed it. Jill says she cannot remember. Jill meets Bill who tells her that Mickey "broke" him and made him write filth. He says he has evidence connected to the case and will come to Jill\'s house with it. On his way to her house, Bill\'s car explodes and he dies. Jill tells Diana that Bill had told her about some "evil" poems Mickey had written. Diana says they must track them down. Jill begins to wonder who else was in Mickey\'s life and asks Diana if Mickey ever wrote poems for her. Diana says she does not know, but that Mickey was straight, that other women were just competition to her. Jill gets upset that Diana seems unconcerned by Mickey\'s death, and leaves. She goes to Brisbane to meet the poet Tony. He tells her that Mickey kept a diary, that she handed it in to Diana as a poetry assignment. Later, Jill breaks into Diana\'s office but the diary is gone. She now knows that Diana has lied to her. Tony\'s wife Barbara comes to see Jill. She tells her that Diana tampered with Bill\'s car and that Diana has been seeing Tony for months and is crazy about him. She told Tony that Jill seduced her. Jill goes home to find it broken into. The video of Mickey has been destroyed. Jill finds the copy of the tape she made and watches it. She sees Diana on the tape, talking to Mickey. She then sees Mickey leave the bar with Diana and her husband. Jill meets Diana\'s husband Nick. She asks him if he loves Diana. He says yes, and that Jill does too. He flirts with her and they begin to have sex. He puts his hand on her throat and she asks him if he killed Mickey. He tells her he did, and that Diana was there. It was a sex game that went wrong. Jill takes her evidence to the police. She meets Diana who tells her that if she tells anyone what she knows, they will sue her. Meanwhile, the police look at the evidence and listen to an audio tape Jill took of Nick confessing.'] ["Blackrock is set in a fictional Australian beachside working-class suburb called Blackrock , where surfing is popular among youths like Jared . He has his first serious girlfriend, Rachel , who comes from a much wealthier part of the city. One day Ricko , a local surfing legend, returns from an eleven-month odyssey and Jared gives him a 'welcome home' party at the local surf club. Unsupervised and with alcohol freely available. Jared climbs a big rock and sees Toby  having consensual sex with Tracey . He later witnesses three males raping Tracey, yet he does nothing. The rapists leave her crying – but alive, on the beach and Jared too flees the scene and heads home. Later that night Rachel, arriving at the party late and looking for Jared, finds Tracy beaten to death on the beach. The incident – and the community – are soon being scrutinized by news bulletins across the nation. The locals react differently: The surfers continue their lives as if nothing has happened; Tracy's grieving best friend Cherie  resorts to violent behaviour; Rachel has to face the news that her brother is one of the accused. Jared is torn between the need to reveal what he saw for the sake of justice, and the desire to protect Toby and the other rapists in the name of 'mateship'. His silence eventually leads to the breakdown of his relationships, not only with Rachel, but also with his mother Diane , who has recently been diagnosed with breast cancer. Eventually Ricko confesses to Jared that he killed Tracy, but claims it was an accident – that she hit her head on a rock when he attempted to have sex with her. He asks Jared to back up his story to the police that they were together when the murder happened, despite the fact that Jared has already told the police he was alone at the time. When he goes back to talk to the police, they show him the photos of Tracy's battered body and it's clear that her injuries were not accidental. Jared finds Ricko at the beach and confronts him, and Ricko finally admits the truth. He found Tracy on the beach after the rape and she sought comfort from him and asked him to take her home. He agreed, but wanted to have sex with her first. She tried to fight him off and bit him in the process, which enraged him enough to beat her to death. As Ricko finishes his confession the police arrive and he realises that Jared has turned him in. He attempts to escape but the police give chase and corner him on a cliff. Rather than go to jail – and ignoring Jared's screams of protest, he jumps to his death. In the weeks that follow, Jared's life collapses – he leaves home , buys Ricko's panel van and takes up residence in a stack of concrete pipes on a vacant block. He eventually confesses his role in the events to his mother, and the film ends with him joining Diane and Cherie in cleaning graffiti from Tracy's grave."] ['Charlie Chan is hired when an archaeologist disappears during the excavation of ancient art treasures in Egypt. Charlie must sort out the stories of the archaeological team, deal with the crazed son of the missing scientist, find out why priceless treasures are ending up in the hands of private collectors, and battle a raft of seemingly supernatural events.'] ["Charlie Chan takes his wife and twelve children on an outing to a circus after receiving a free pass from one of the owners, Joe Kinney. Kinney wants Chan to find out who is sending him anonymous threatening letters. Nearly all of the circus workers are suspects, since Kinney is very unpopular. However, when Chan goes to meet him during the night's performance, he finds the man dead, seemingly killed by a rampaging gorilla who somehow escaped from his cage. Lieutenant Macy takes charge of the investigation, assisted by Chan and his overzealous eldest son Lee, who also takes the opportunity to  romance Su Toy , the contortionist. On Chan's advice, Macy lets the circus continue on to its next stop, with the trio tagging along. During the train ride, an attempt is made to murder Chan with a poisonous cobra. Then someone tries to break into the circus's safe, but nothing is missing. Macy finds a marriage certificate inside, showing that Kinney supposedly married circus wardrobe lady Nellie Farrell in Mexico. However, Kinney's fiancée Marie Norman claims that she can prove Kinney was not in Mexico the day indicated on the certificate. Before she can prove it, during her act, someone shoots one of the ropes of her trapeze swing and she falls to the ground, seriously injured, but still alive. A doctor is summoned. Chan states that Marie is too badly hurt to move, so the doctor must operate on the spot. Chan asks everyone to keep quiet and clear the area, so as not to cause a potentially fatal distraction for the medical staff during the delicate operation. Meanwhile, Chan has noticed a newspaper article about a crime committed at a casino the day of Kinney's alleged marriage. He sends his son to phone for a description of the crooks involved from the police. When Lee returns, he sees a man slug the policeman guarding the gorilla's cage and let the ape out again. He struggles with the man, but is knocked out. The gorilla reaches the tent where the operation is in progress and tries to cause trouble. Fortunately, the operation is a fake, as is the gorilla. He is shot to death by policemen masquerading as doctors. It is revealed to be snake charmer Tom Holt in a costume, trying to pin a second death on the escaped animal. He and Kinney had robbed the casino and hidden out at the circus. However they had had a falling out over the division of the money, leading to Kinney's murder. Nellie Farrell and her brother Dan are also arrested for trying to use a forgery to gain half interest in the circus."] ['The film begins in noir fashion when Easy Rawlins  says "A man once told me that when you step out of your door in the morning, you\'re already in trouble. The only question is, are you on top of that trouble or not?" In the summer of 1948, Easy Rawlins is recently laid off from his job at Champion Aircraft, and needs money urgently to pay his mortgage. Easy recounts how he moved to Los Angeles after serving in WW-II when his friend Joppy , who runs a bar, introduces him to a white man named DeWitt Albright . Albright is looking for someone to help him find a missing white woman, Daphne Monet , assumed to be hiding somewhere in the Black community; he also learns she is the girlfriend of wealthy Todd Carter , who was the favorite in the Los Angeles mayoral race before dropping out. Albright, who says Carter dropped out because he couldn\'t find Monet, offers Rawlins $100 to take the job. Easy accepts but is immediately suspicious of Albright. Monet is known to spend time in the black juke joint clubs in South Central Los Angeles and Easy begins his search at an illegal club on 89th and Central. While waiting to enter, he sees a commotion with a bizarre white man, Richard McGee, and the club\'s bouncer, Junior Fornay. After entering, he meets with his friends Degan Odell, Dupree Brouchard, and his girl Coretta James. He learns that Coretta is a confidant of Daphne and after spending the night with her, he learns Daphne was involved with a South Central gangster named Frank Green. He is called by Albright the following afternoon to set up a meeting at the Malibu pier. While waiting, Easy is accosted by several local white youths after a casual conversation with one of their girlfriends. Easy, trying to calm the situation, is nearly overtaken when Albright appears from the darkness. He viciously humiliates and beats one of the punks for his actions. Easy, uncomfortable with the situation, gives his information to Albright who retains him with another payment and demands he continue his search. When Easy gets home, he is arrested by two LAPD homicide detectives. They take him into custody where he learns that Coretta was savagely murdered after his night with her. He is released later after rough treatment. While walking home, he is followed by Mathew Terrell, the other candidate in the mayoral race. He gets into the car where he finds Terrell with a young boy, supposedly his adopted son. Terrell makes it clear that he is also very interested in finding Daphne Monet. Easy, careful of Terrell\'s motives, asks to be dropped off and walks home. After a nightmare about Coretta, he receives a call from Daphne Monet. She instructs him to meet her at the Ambassador Hotel where she asks for his help. She needs to go into the Hollywood hills and meet a person with information vital to her and Todd Carter. Easy reluctantly agrees to help and nervously drives her to her destination. When they arrive at the house, they find it ransacked and the occupant, Richard McGee, dead. Easy finds a clue to his murder. Monet flees in a panic leaving Easy behind. The next morning, Easy returns home to find Albright and his goons waiting for him; his connection to the murder of Coretta now used to force him to resume his search for the girl. After the exchange, Easy enlists the help of his sadistic and trigger-happy friend, Mouse Alexander , from Houston, Texas. Easy\'s goal is to uncover why Monet is so important to so many people and, in the process, keep himself out of jail, which is not an easy task for a black man living in post-World War II Los Angeles. He meets with Todd Carter, where he secures money to locate Daphne. Easy, learning that Albright is not employed by Carter at all, returns home. Before he enters, he is warned by his neighbor, , that an ambush awaits. Easy turns around in time to grab Frank Green. The two men fight in the house. Green gets the upper hand, cutting into Easy\'s throat, but Mouse comes to the rescue. Easy tries to reason with Frank but Mouse shoots him in an attempt to extort information, letting Frank escape. Easy and Mouse meet up with Dupree, get him intoxicated and find out that Coretta had been in possession of a package that was vital to the mayoral race–-pictures of Terrell with "innocent, helpless, naked children." Easy finds the pictures hidden in Coretta\'s Bible. They find Junior Fornay, the bouncer at the 89th and Central club, and learn that after Junior\'s altercation with McGee, he drove him home to the Hills to pick up money. He is cornered when Easy reveals the clue, a pack of Mexican Zapata cigarettes smoked only by Junior. Junior pleads with Mouse and Easy that he isn\'t the killer. Now involved in two murders, Easy then travels to Joppy\'s, where he vents his rage at Joppy for getting him into such a mess. Joppy explains that all he wanted to do was set him up with some work. Easy is disgusted at Joppy\'s answer and leaves. When he returns home, he gets a visit from Daphne. Easy learns that Daphne hid from Carter because of her association with Frank Green, her half-brother. Daphne\'s Creole mother from New Orleans had given birth to two children by different fathers, and although Daphne\'s own father was white, her half-brother\'s father was black. Being the fiancée of a mayoral favorite with partial African-American heritage would ensure a loss for Carter. Terrell\'s knowledge of this fact is the reason Carter dropped out of the race. Naturally, pictures of Terrell with children would cause him to drop out, bringing Carter victory. Daphne says McGee sold the pictures to her, and Easy infers Albright killed McGee while looking for the pictures, then Junior gave them to Coretta, who hid them in her Bible. Daphne reveals that Coretta was killed accidentally by Joppy although Daphne had only asked him to scare her into silence. Albright and his men burst into Easy\'s house, subduing Easy and abducting Daphne. When he regains consciousness, Easy calls Mouse and they race to Joppy\'s to get a fix on Albright\'s location. At the bar, Easy abducts Joppy at gunpoint. He learns where Albright is, although Mouse nearly shoots them both in the process. Easy only calms Mouse down by telling him they could be rewarded $7,000 that Daphne will pay for photographs that Easy has obtained. In the Hollywood hills, they set up an ambush, shooting Albright and his goons while rescuing Daphne and the photographs. When Easy returns to the car he finds Joppy dead, killed by Mouse. Easy hands over the photographs that prove that Matthew Terrell is a pedophile. Carter promises Easy there will be no more trouble with the police. Easy finds out the money Daphne paid him and Mouse for the photographs came from a large sum originally given to her by Carter\'s family as a bribe to get out of town. She had only stayed because she believed they would change their minds and allow Carter to marry her if he won. Although Carter is now certain to become mayor, he refuses her pleas, despite saying that he loves her. She leaves in tears. The film closes with Easy and Odell relaxing on his porch, enjoying life, contemplating events and wondering what their future would hold.'] ['In Panama, a team of Army Ranger trainees and their instructor, Master Sergeant Nathan West , engage in a training exercise: navigate the jungle in hurricane conditions, using live fire to hit targets, then rendezvous at a bunker. Hours later, a trainee, later identifying himself as Ray Dunbar, emerges from the jungle carrying a wounded comrade, Second Lieutenant Levi Kendall, while a third soldier, Mueller, pursues, shooting. In self-defense, Dunbar kills Mueller. The mission had gone horribly wrong and the rest of the team with West are presumed dead. In interrogation, Captain Julia Osborne  finds Dunbar refusing to talk. He insists on speaking to a fellow Ranger from outside the base, and draws an "8" inside a circle on a piece of paper. Spooked on seeing the "8", base commander Colonel Bill Styles , calls in an experienced interrogator and friend, Tom Hardy , an ex-Ranger, now a DEA agent under investigation for suspicion of bribery and assigns him to Osborne. Hardy and Osborne have only 6 hours before the CID transport from Washington arrives to take Dunbar and Kendall away.  During interrogation, Hardy reveals to Dunbar that he served under West as a Ranger, and mentions West is infamous for being a ruthless, tough-as-nails sergeant. Dunbar relates that a trainee in his unit, named Pike, earned West\'s wrath, and went on the Panama training mission with Dunbar, Kendall, Mueller and two others, Nuñez and Castro. Hardy and Osborne suggest that, with plenty of reason to hate West, Pike had motive to murder him. Dunbar refuses to say more.  Hardy and Osborne then go to see Kendall, son of a Joint Chiefs of Staff general, recovering from gunshot wounds. At the hospital, Hardy runs into Dr. Peter Vilmer , an old friend and Osborne\'s former love interest. Kendall reveals he is a homosexual and claims West hated him because of it, and that West silently threatened his life shortly before the mission began, partnering him with Castro for the mission, and feared West may have ordered Castro to give him a "training accident." Kendall claims West died when hit in the back with a white phosphorus grenade and that Pike confessed to the crime, thinking his comrades would be "on board" with him in support. However, the team decided to turn Pike in. In the night, Pike tried to gain Kendall\'s sympathies, playing on their mutual hatred of West. Pike proposed killing Mueller and Nunez and convincing Dunbar and Castro to back them up. Kendall dismissed Pike\'s suggestion, but later spots Pike whispering to Dunbar. Kendall says Dunbar went back to his bag, extracted his pistol and aimed it at the sleeping Mueller. A firefight ensued, and Mueller shot Castro, who fired and hit Nunez, Kendall and Pike. Nunez and Pike die and Kendall is wounded. Dunbar then carried Kendall, exchanging fire with Mueller to the pickup point, as seen at the start of the film. Asked why Dunbar would rescue him, Kendall suggests maybe Dunbar expected him to cover for him in gratitude.  Dunbar, now accused of murder, says Kendall is lying and claims he didn\'t shoot West. Hardy notes Kendall claimed West died from a grenade, not shooting. Dunbar claims Mueller and Castro were selling prescription drug kits called "combat cocktails" to help dull physical pain and sharpen the mind; that Mueller shot West, who became aware of their drug dealing, and claims Mueller then used Pike\'s grenade, stolen from his pack earlier. At the bunker, Mueller tried to pin the blame on Pike, but Pike pointed out evidence throwing suspicion on Mueller. A fierce argument ensued and Mueller executed Pike. A firefight broke out and Castro and Nunez die. Dunbar rescued Kendall and during the pursuit killed Mueller before the helicopter pickup. Dunbar provides proof of the drug-dealing operation, and states Vilmer supplied the drugs to Mueller and Kendall.  Osborne and Hardy return to the hospital and speak with Dr. Vilmer, who admits that he distributed drugs to Mueller and Kendall and that he falsified drug tests so the soldiers would come up clean. Vilmer is placed under arrest. Styles orders Osborne and Hardy to not talk to Kendall again. But Hardy and Osborne confront Kendall, who is acting very strangely and refuses to give them any useful information, but still claims that Dunbar was the guilty party. Kendall begins bleeding out of his ears, suddenly starts vomiting blood, and abruptly dies. Before he dies he uses his blood soaked finger to draw on Osborne\'s palm what she thinks is the sign of infinity. Shortly after, she realizes it is an 8. She shows this to Hardy, who indicates ignorance of its significance. She suspects he knows. After a brief physical fight, he takes her aside and explains the conversation he had earlier with Styles. There is rumored to be a group of ex-Rangers in Panama, trained under West, who turned rogue and became drug-dealers. They call themselves Section 8. Styles is furious that Osborne and Hardy talked to Kendall a second time after he explicitly ordered them not to. He relieves Osborne of duty and asks Hardy to leave. He informs them that Dunbar and Vilmer will be taken away shortly on the transport plane that has arrived from the U.S. and he considers the investigation closed. At the stockade, Vilmer casually observes to Hardy and Osborne that he will be on the same plane with Pike. Hardy corrects him, saying that he\'ll be on the same plane as Dunbar, but Vilmer says that\'s not right. Ray Dunbar is black. The white "Dunbar" Hardy and Osborne have been questioning is in fact Pike, the man whom West antagonized during training . Pike had switched his tags with Dunbar\'s, in order to throw off the local authorities and disappear, after being transported for trial. Hardy and Osborne rush back to the base just as Pike is being taken onto a transport plane. Hardy grabs Pike and holds his face dangerously close to the plane\'s whirling propeller. The two engage in a brief screaming match, although what they say is inaudible. Pike then drops to his knees, out of breath. Afterward, Hardy and Osborne lead Pike away to interrogate him again now that they know the truth.  In Pike\'s new story, West was not shot, and he claims West knew about the main operation going on at the base: cocaine smuggling. He claims West confronted the Rangers in the bunker and told them that he would turn them in to authorities in the morning and tell Styles everything. A brief Mexican standoff ensued and West escaped the bunker. Nuñez chased after him and was shot by West. Shortly after, Castro and Mueller went looking for West, Pike found Dunbar dead, West shot Kendall, wounding him, and tried to convince Pike to give himself up. Pike says Mueller managed to kill West, that he then shot at Mueller, and knowing that he would be blamed if West died, took Dunbar\'s dog tags. It is still established that he managed to escape, carried Kendall through the jungle, killed Mueller and was picked up by the helicopter. As proof, he gives Hardy, Osborne and Styles the number of a crate where Vilmer had stowed cocaine, and they open it. Hardy then talks to Styles alone. He asks why West wouldn\'t tell Styles about the drugs as soon as he suspected something. He then accuses Styles of lying, and believes West did in fact go to him, but that Styles was behind the drug dealing operation the whole time; that rather than side with West, Styles ordered Mueller and Kendall to kill him in the jungle and then poisoned Kendall afterward to keep him quiet. Osborne, meanwhile, approaching the office, overhears, and secretly listens. Styles laughs off the accusations, but as Hardy starts to leave, Styles offers him a percentage of the operation, once he\'s back in business, to keep his mouth shut. Hardy declines his offer and turns to leave. Styles draws his weapon and is about to shoot Hardy, but is killed by Osborne who was secretly watching.  After the Military Police wrap up the investigation into Styles\' shooting, Osborne is about to leave the base for the night and Hardy tells her that everything\'s fine and all she has to do concerning the shooting is "Tell the story right." Osborne recalls hearing that phrase during both Kendall and Pike\'s stories, describing how members of the conspiracy planned to cover up West\'s death. Osborne suspects Hardy may be involved, especially since he hated West and because Section 8 contains West\'s former trainees. She tails him out of the base, and sees Pike run out from some roadside bushes and get into Hardy\'s jeep. She follows them by car, and then by foot through the streets of Panama City crowded with costumed revelers and watches as the two of them enter a doorway with a big eight ball hanging above it. Osborne sneaks through a long hallway, down a flight of stairs, and up behind Hardy and Pike, with her weapon drawn, believing that they are behind both Section 8 and West\'s murder. Then West, very much alive, walks up behind her. Castro, Dunbar and Nuñez are also there, fixing breakfast. They reveal to Osborne that Section 8 is actually a black-ops anti-drug unit led by Tom Hardy . The "Section-8" insane-mercenary story is a cover to spook the cartels. Dunbar, Castro, Nuñez and Pike  infiltrated the base to investigate the cocaine trafficking that was going on, and discovered Mueller, Kendall and Vilmer were responsible. West, not realizing Styles was also involved, informed him of the findings. Styles responded by ordering Mueller and Kendall to kill West. The training mission ordered by West was in fact a covert Section-8 set-up to get rid of Mueller and Kendall, and fake West\'s death , and Hardy had been called to the base by the coded message from "Dunbar" to confirm Styles\' and Vilmer\'s involvement. West and Hardy then offer Osborne a job.'] ["Teenagers Sherlock Holmes ([[Nicholas Rowe  and John Watson ([[Alan Cox  meet and become good friends as students at London's prestigious Brompton Academy. Watson is introduced to Holmes’ mentor, Rupert T. Waxflatter ([[Nigel Stock , a retired schoolmaster and inventor. Waxflatter's niece Elizabeth  is also Holmes’ close friend and love interest and Holmes competes for her affections with fellow student Dudley , though she shows a marked preference for Holmes. Meanwhile, a hooded figure uses a blowpipe to shoot Bentley Bobster and Reverend Duncan Nesbitt with hallucinogenic thorns, the effects of which lead to their deaths; Bobster leaps out a window; Nesbitt is trampled by a horse carriage. Holmes suspects foul play but is rebuffed by Scotland Yard policeman Lestrade  when he suggests a connection between the deaths. Holmes is unjustly expelled from the Academy due to Dudley’s machinations. Before he leaves, Holmes has one last match with his fencing instructor Professor Rathe ([[Anthony Higgins  but loses after becoming distracted by a light reflected from Rathe’s ring. The mysterious hooded figure strikes again, shooting Waxflatter with a hallucinogenic thorn, causing him to stab himself as he fends off imagined gargoyles. As he dies, Waxflatter's last words to Holmes are “Eh-tar.” Holmes secretly meets with Watson and Elizabeth and begins his investigation of the murders. Piecing together the clues – a jingling-bell sound made by the killer, a piece of cloth, and the blowpipe dropped at Waxflatter's murder scene – the trio uncover the existence of Rame Tep, an ancient Egyptian cult of Osiris worshippers. The cult’s main weapons were blowpipes, used to shoot thorns dipped into a solution which cause the victim to experience realistic, nightmare-like hallucinations. Their investigation then leads to a warehouse of Froggit and Froggit, a Wapping-area manufacturer, where they discover a modern-day revival of the Rame Tep cult conducting their service inside a wooden-pyramid-reconstruction hidden in the warehouse. When Holmes interrupts the ceremonial sacrifice of a young girl, the three are attacked and shot with thorns by the worshippers. It is only through Holmes’ endurance and the intervention of a graveyard caretaker that they're able to survive the hallucinations and their pursuers. The following evening, at Waxflatter’s loft, Holmes and Watson discover a picture of the three victims and a fourth man, Chester Cragwitch . Unfortunately, Rathe and school nurse Mrs. Dribb  catch and separate them, preparing to expel Watson and Elizabeth in the morning. The three escape their sleeping quarters and Elizabeth returns to the loft to salvage her uncle’s work. Holmes and Watson locate Mr. Cragwitch who explains that in his youth, he and the other men discovered an underground pyramid of Rame Tep while planning to build a hotel in Egypt. Their find led to an angry uprising by the local populace which was violently put down by the British Army; one boy, Eh-Tar, who along with his sister lost their parents in the uprising, swore revenge. Craigwitch is then poisoned by the hooded figure's thorn and suddenly attacks Holmes but is subdued by Mr. Lestrade, who came after reconsidering the evidence presented by Holmes. As they return to campus, Holmes realizes that Rathe is Eh-Tar, but he and Watson arrive too late to stop Rathe and Mrs. Dribb, who is revealed as Eh-Tar's sister and the hooded figure, from abducting Elizabeth. Using Waxflatter’s self-propelled, heavier-than-air flying machine, they travel to the warehouse just in time to prevent Rathe from sacrificing Elizabeth, setting the cult's pyramid temple afire. As Rathe escapes with Elizabeth, Mrs Dribb is killed in a fight with Holmes. Watson successfully thwarts Rathe’s escape by sabotaging his carriage. Rathe then tries to shoot Holmes, but Elizabeth intervenes and takes the shot instead. Enraged, Holmes duels Rathe and manages to get the better of him when Rathe falls through the frozen River Thames. Holmes returns to Elizabeth’s side and caresses her as she dies. Afterwards, as he exchanges goodbyes with Watson, Holmes explains how he figured out the identity of Rathe and Dribb, with Watson pointing out that Rathe is Eh-Tar spelled backwards – a clue that Holmes had failed to notice. As Holmes leaves by horse carriage, Watson expresses per voice-over  that he would long for yet more adventures at Holmes' side. Some time later, Rathe is revealed to be alive; he checks himself into an inn as “Moriarty”, making him Holmes' arch-nemesis."] ["The story involves a fake psychic, Blanche Tyler ([[Barbara Harris , and her con artist taxi driver boyfriend, George Lumley , who attempt to locate the nephew of a wealthy and guiltridden old woman, Julia Rainbird . Julia, one of Blanche's clients, was responsible for her now-deceased sister giving up a boy for adoption years earlier and now wants to make him her heir. She will pay $10,000 if he is found. However, the nephew and prospective heir is now a successful jeweler in San Francisco known as Arthur Adamson , who has a secret and lurid past, having apparently murdered his adoptive parents and faked his own death. He and his live-in girlfriend, Fran , have successfully kidnapped an assortment of millionaires and dignitaries, returning them when the ransom, in the form of a valuable gemstone, has been delivered, each of which they hide in their chandelier. They enlist Maloney , who assisted Arthur in the murder of his adoptive parents, to kill Blanche and George. However, Maloney's effort fails when he drives off a cliff while pursuing Blanche and George. When Arthur learns that Blanche and George are pursuing him, he suspects the worst, putting their lives in danger."] ['The story is told in flashback from Death Row as Ronnie Jackson  relates the events to a group of reporters the events that lead to his predicament. Jackson is a baby photographer who dreams about being a real private detective like his friend Sam McCloud . One day he is mistaken for a detective by a mysterious lady in distress  and soon finds himself involved in a murder mystery.'] ["Mine owner Jackson Decker orders his manager to obtain miner Tom Bailey's milling machinery, no matter what the cost. When Bailey is found murdered, suspicion naturally falls on Jackson and his manager. Jackson's son, a Canadian Mountie, is directed to seek out the murderer, or murderers, and bring them to justice. The Mountie joins forces with a French-Canadian policeman, Bailey's beautiful daughter, and a phony palm reader to learn the truth. The foursome soon discover that there is a secret gold mine, a double crossing casino owner, and a forger at the bottom of the crime."] ["The Grandview is a sprawling Californian hotel with a terrible secret: single blonde visitors who check in don't check out. Hotel detective Rick Stewart ([[David Bailey  begins investigating what's happened to a handful of vanishing guests but he soon becomes personally involved when his brunette ex-wife, Lisa James , arrives for a singing engagement at the hotel. When Lisa dons a blonde wig for her performance, she finds herself the next target of a psychopathic killer."] ['In 1959, Louis Simo , a Los Angeles private investigator more interested in generating an income than in devotion to his clients, is helping out a client named Chester Sinclair by spying on Chester\'s wife, under the impression that she is cheating on him, by taking pictures outside of a building she goes to from time to time. On a visit to see his son and ex-wife Laurie, Simo learns that his son is upset over the death of George Reeves, the actor who played Superman on television. Reeves was recently found dead inside his Beverly Hills home with a gunshot wound to the head, which lead the police to rule his death as suicide. Simo learns from a former colleague on the police force that the Reeves suicide has aspects that the cops don\'t want to touch. Simo, sensing the potential for making a name for himself, begins investigating the case and notes several apparent conflicts with the official version of Reeves\'s death. Simultaneously Simo bickers with Laurie over his failures as a father, particularly now when his son seems so troubled. In 1951, Reeves, a charming man whose acting career has stalled, catches the eye of a beautiful woman and they end the night in each other\'s arms. In the morning, a newspaper photo reveals to Reeves that the woman is Toni Mannix, the wife of Eddie Mannix, the general manager of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Frightened that an affair with a studio boss\'s wife will destroy what\'s left of his career, Reeves is angry that Toni didn\'t tell him. Toni, however, tells Reeves that she and Eddie have an open relationship and not to worry. The pair fall in love and the much wealthier Toni begins to buy Reeves expensive gifts such as a house, a car and jewelry. During their relationship Reeves gets the starring role in the television show Adventures of Superman. The role makes Reeves famous and gives him a steady income, but he longs for a more "serious" role and is uncomfortable with the public identification of him as Superman. As the years pass and Toni ages, Reeves becomes bitter at being a kept man and at Toni for not using her clout to help his career. He meets a young woman in New York, Leonore Lemmon, and leaves Toni for her. Toni is broken-hearted and furious, and Eddie seethes at her "mistreatment" by Reeves. Meanwhile, Simo initially suspects that Leonore Lemmon might have accidentally shot Reeves during an argument and imagines how the scenario might have played out. Later, Simo arrives back home to find thugs, who apparently were working for Eddie Mannix, in his house who beat Simo in hopes of scaring him off the case. This and other evidence lead Simo to suspect that Eddie had Reeves murdered and, again, Simo imagines what such an event might have looked like. Simo then learns that his client Chester Sinclair has murdered his wife because he got tired of waiting for information from Simo. A stricken and guilt-plagued Simo gets drunk and visits his son at school, but his inebriation scares the boy. Later, Simo visits Reeves\' manager, Arthur Weissman. Weissman speaks highly of Reeves and his charm. He gives Simo a home movie Reeves had shot in hopes of promoting wrestling work. What Simo sees in the film suggests to him a sadness in Reeves, a weariness and humiliation with where his life has led. Simo\'s final imagined variation on Reeves\' death concludes with the actor shooting himself. This is the most vivid of the three scenarios, with Simo imagining himself standing in the corner of the upstairs bedroom, and even making eye contact briefly with the weary Reeves. Each of the scenes imagined by Simo begins with Reeves playing guitar and singing "Aquellos Ojos Verdes" in Spanish for his house guests. Reeves himself was fluent in Spanish. The Spanish lyrics of the popular song lament a love that can never be fulfilled. After each of the three imagined renditions, Reeves says goodnight to his guests, then retires to his bedroom upstairs, just before the gunshot. Reeves\' quest for fame and success and Simo\'s realization of how that quest is paralleled in his own existence causes the detective to re-evaluate his life. Simo watches another home movie, this one of himself and Laurie and their son in happier days. The film ends with Simo coming to Laurie\'s house wearing a suit and tie, and greeting his son hopefully.'] ['In November 1903, young women are being killed in London, each with a silk stocking shoved down her throat. Watson seeks help from the retired and bored Holmes, who determines that the victims are well-born ladies, not prostitutes. Evidence found include a thumbprint, a pair of ladies\' dancing shoes, broken glass, a strong smell of chloroform, and a silk stocking removed from a victim\'s gullet. It seems the killer has a foot fetish. Holmes questions a survivor - a young girl who was apparently set free by her captor because she has a club foot - and arranges for her to "accidentally" see the footman that he suspects is the killer, despite his ironclad alibis. The girl identifies him as her kidnapper, but the thumbprint clears the suspect. Holmes then baits a trap for the killer: he uses the sister of a victim and has her perform in a classical tableau at an event attended by the King and Queen. Her Grecian-Roman costume is revealing, and her sandals expose her feet. After the performance, she walks away to be alone; the suspect drugs her and is quickly caught by Holmes and placed in custody. The sister returns home and is tucked into bed by her father. However, the suspect\'s thumbprint doesn\'t match the evidence. Holmes suspects the killer has an identical twin, and that the real killer is still on the loose. Holmes telephones the father of the "bait" sister to warn him, but the real killer kidnapped her from her bed just minutes earlier. The audience sees the killer carrying her over his shoulder as blood drips from her face, where he cut her with broken glass. The police force the other twin to lead them to his brother, but he escapes the police. Holmes finds the killer and his victim just in time; the young woman has a silk stocking tied around her neck, and Watson has to cut it and perform something that looks like CPR. Holmes gets the killer twin to confess that he wanted his victims\' attention, because they looked at him while in captivity. Both twins are then taken into custody. At the end, Watson marries an American psychiatrist and leaves on honeymoon, and Holmes is left sitting alone at the table.'] ['An eccentric descendant of the Borgias lives in a castle in the middle of the Mojave Desert. Someone gets killed.'] ["{{tone}} It's a drug that promises an out-of-body experience with each hit. On the street they call it Soy Sauce, and users drift across time and dimensions. But some who come back are no longer human. Suddenly a silent otherworldly invasion is underway, and mankind needs a hero. What it gets instead is John and David, a pair of college dropouts who can barely hold down jobs. Can these two stop the oncoming horror in time to save humanity? No. No, they can't.http://trailers.apple.com/trailers/independent/johndiesattheend/"] ['The film tells the story of Captain Hugh "Bulldog" Drummond, a British officer who, while on a drive with his friend Algy Longworth and valet Tenny, is the first to discover a mysterious suitcase that is parachuted from an aircraft above, minutes before the plane crashes. The case is found to contain a highly explosive chemical, the plans for which have been stolen, and despite the urging of his fiancee Phyllis Claverling, Drummond is dragged into the mystery surrounding the whole affair, traveling by both train and ship to recover the formula.  {{Empty section}}'] ["Police Inspector Ghote lives a middle-class life in Bombay along with his wife, Pratima. He has been employed with the Bombay Police for many years. His wife is generally disgruntled and wants a better life. He is assigned to investigate the deadly assault on a Parsi man named Perfect, who is the Secretary of Lala Heera Lal, a wealthy man with underworld links. Inspector Ghote commences his investigation and is displeased when his superiors ask him to work with a Swedish Forensic Expert by the name of Axel Svennson. Axel is thrilled to get a closer look at the working of the Bombay Police, but also realizes that Ghote may not be one of their best police officers. When their friendship develops, he gets invited to Ghote's house, and gets to meet Pratima. Their investigation, though Prima Facie simple enough, takes them through turns and twists that both had not expected - including corridors of power and corruption - and finally to the conclusion and the unmasking of the culprit behind this incident"] ['Nightclub singer Ilona Vance  is accused of murder, as she was the last person to see crooked attorney Frank Hobart  alive. Lt. Hargis  attempts to prove her innocence.'] ["Brian Kelly  is a slacker at heart. The only thing he really cares about is skateboarding; trivial things like doing his homework and making the grade in school have little meaning to him. But when his adopted Vietnamese brother turns up dead after discovering an error in the shipping records at his place of work, Brian begins to suspect something more. Refusing to accept the police's theory of suicide, Brian launches his own investigation, determined to uncover the truth of what really happened to his brother."] ['Detective Philip Marlowe  is hired by hulking Moose Malloy  to locate his old girlfriend that he lost track of while serving time in prison. With each lead he follows, Marlowe encounters lies, larceny, perjury, theft and a beautiful femme fatale .'] ['Elliot Slater  is a young, attractive, Australian professional photographer living in Southern California. Having always been uncomfortable with his sexual proclivities, which tend toward the BDSM realm, he signs up for a dominatrix-themed vacation on a private tropical island known as "Eden" in the hopes of working through his discomfort. Unbeknownst to him, prior to embarking on his journey of sexual discovery, he has unwittingly photographed an international jewel thief of whom no other photos exist. The jewel thief Omar ([[Stuart Wilson  and his criminal partner Nina ([[Iman  are intent on recovering the film in order to retain Omar\'s anonymity. They follow the photographer to the island resort run by the dominatrix Mistress Lisa , posing as vacationers. Following a tip that Omar is on the island, undercover police officers Fred  and Sheila  also arrive, Sheila in the guise of a vacationer and Fred as a handyman. Comedic antics ensue amid the activities of scantily clad guests and employees, acting out their dominant and submissive fantasies. In the course of Elliot\'s experiences as Mistress Lisa\'s personal submissive, including a scene where she ties him up and plays with his bare buttocks, the two begin to fall in love. The action comes to a climax on a quick trip to New Orleans, where Lisa reluctantly admits her feelings for Elliot, all the while tailed by Omar, who attempts to kill them. Fortunately, Fred and Sheila save the day, sending Omar and Nina to jail, and receive commendations for solving the case.'] ["Sheriff Jack Shepherd is tasked with investigating a mysterious blood-covered boy who shows up at his station one day. The boy appears to be supernatural in nature, and manifests unusual powers such as the ability to read minds or show other people his memories by touching them. Meanwhile, an unseen stalker is killing and butchering people in the woods. The audience is led to believe that the weird bloody boy is some sort of supernatural killer, similar to Jason Voorhees or Michael Myers. It is revealed near the end of the movie that the dead across the world are rising up and seeking revenge on the people who killed them. These dead manifest as blood-covered humans that seek out and kill their original killers. If a killer has more than one victim, all the victims merge into a single composite being. The blood-covered boy is one such being, made up of 6 people from the community who were killed by the stalker some time before. He is going around reading people's minds to learn the identity of his killer. The killer stalker turns out to be a local older woman, who has been murdering people in the community for some time. Her family was killed when the local dam broke, and in revenge she has been killing everyone involved with the dam, as well as their families. The bloody boy eventually tracks her down and kills her, just as she is about to kill Jack. The movie ends with a shock ending. The bloody boy is walking through the woods, when he is suddenly attacked and killed by another blood creature, this one much larger and more demonic-looking. The identity of the second blood creature is never explicitly revealed, but from the creature's appearance it is implied to be the old woman from earlier."] ["Three young people are seen ice skating in Gorky Park. Three days later, Soviet militsiya officer Arkady Renko  investigates the discovery of their bodies a short distance from the skating rink. All have been shot in the chest and mouth; their faces and fingerprints have been completely removed. Renko is left anxious and paranoid when the KGB refuse to take over the investigation. Renko enlists the help of Professor Andreev  to reconstruct their faces. During his investigation, Renko crosses paths with William Kirwill , a New York detective who is in the Soviet Union investigating the disappearance of his brother James. At a weekend getaway at the dacha of Chief Prosecutor Iamskoy , Renko also makes the acquaintance of American sable importer Jack Osborne  and his girlfriend Irina Asanova . Renko is eventually able to piece together the victims' identities: James Kirwill, plus two young Russians who were friends with Irina. He discovers that the three were busy constructing a chest for Osborne. Renko's suspicion of Osborne mounts over time, during their polite but tense conversations in social settings. When Irina is attacked by a KGB officer who attempts to inject her with a fatal overdose, Renko saves her. Nursing her back to health in his apartment, they begin an affair. Kirwill finally locates the barn where the three victims were building Osborne's chest. It was designed to smuggle six sables out of the country and break the Russian monopoly on their fur, potentially earning Osborne millions. Irina stubbornly continues to believe that her friends are alive. Osborne had promised to smuggle them out of Russia in return for their work; he tells Irina that they were successfully freed. Renko confronts her with Prof. Andreev's reconstructed head of one of her friends, forcing her to realize that they have been murdered by Osborne. She confesses the full details of the plot to him and then runs away. Renko and Kirwill go to Andreev's to retrieve the second reconstructed head, but a KGB spook emerges with it in a box. They follow him, and Renko is crushed to find they are back at Iamskoy's dacha. They watch from a distance as Osborne and Iamskoy supervise the destruction of the head by the KGB spook. To Kirwill's horror, it is his brother's head. Renko confronts Iamskoy in a bath house. Iamskoy cordially admits that he kept Renko on the case because Osborne was unwilling to pay a high enough price to smuggle out the sables. Renko's investigation was intended to frighten Osborne into paying more. He offers to cut Renko in on Osborne's kickback. Renko reveals that he has recorded the conversation, and Iamskoy jumps up and wrestles Renko for the gun. In the ensuing struggle, Renko's gun goes off and kills him. Osborne flees to Stockholm. The KGB allows Renko to supervise an exchange. He is to receive the sables from Osborne, whereupon everyone will be allowed to walk away. Renko is shown into a bedroom where Irina is waiting for him. She confesses that she fled to Osborne, who has worked her freedom into the deal for the sables. She promises Renko that his freedom can also be part of the deal. Disgusted by her treachery, Renko tells Irina she has blood on her hands. He meets with Kirwill and the two assume that as soon as the exchange is complete, the KGB will kill Irina, Renko and Osborne all at once. The next morning, at a remote farm, Renko and the KGB approach Osborne. They come across the corpse of Kirwill; tied to a tree with his intestines hanging out. Renko is devastated; Osborne then loudly announces that he gutted Kirwill after he killed his dogs. Osborne throws six dead sables onto the field and asks the men to lower their weapons. Renko realizes that neither side will let the other live. When Osborne shoots a man, Renko grabs Irina and runs for cover in the woods. Pribulda then kills the other man before Osborne kills Pribluda in a stand off. Osborne tries to shoot Renko in the woods. Renko finds more live sables in their cages. Irina emerges from the woods and Osborne threatens to kill her if Renko does not surrender. When Renko emerges to give up, Irina shoots Osborne. Renko, too, shoots Osborne before Irina fires multiple rounds, killing him. She asks Renko to go away with her, but Renko reveals he agreed to do the hit on Osborne in return for Irina's safety and freedom from Russia, and that she'd be hunted down and killed if Renko did not return. Renko frees all of the sables, which run off into the woods as we hear Irina's voice repeat Renko's promise that they will meet again one day."] ["Whitney 'Cam' Cameron  is a man with a strong affection for his sister-in-law Lynne . When her stepchild Polly dies, it's revealed that the child was poisoned to death. Whitney suspects his sister-in-law committed the murder and is afraid that her other son may be in danger. Lynne outsmarts Cam and their friends and the cops by taking the child onto a cruise ship on its way to Europe."] ['In the fictional country of Lugash, a mysterious thief breaks into the National Museum, sneaks past its elaborate security system, and makes off with the fabled Pink Panther diamond, leaving a white monogrammed glove with a gold-tinted "P" as a calling card. The Lugash Secret Police are brought in to investigate, and the Shah of Lugash requests the assistance of Inspector Clouseau . Clouseau has been demoted to beat cop by his boss, Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus , who despises Clouseau to the point of obsession. However, the French government forces Dreyfus to reinstate Clouseau as Inspector of the Sûreté so that he can go to Lugash to investigate the theft of the Pink Panther. Clouseau\'s investigations at the Lugash National Museum, which he nearly destroys, lead him to believe that Sir Charles Lytton , the notorious Phantom, is re-creating the most famous heist of his career. Clouseau is delighted at this, and sees his chance to get revenge on Lytton for framing him and temporarily sending him to prison in the first film. Sir Charles, having read about the theft, realizes that he has been framed. He goes to Lugash to investigate and clear his name. Although Clouseau fails to uncover any leads concerning the theft, his bumbling allows him to survive several attempts on his life by a mysterious assassin. After staking out  Lytton Manor in Nice, Clouseau is tricked into leaving France. He follows Sir Charles\' wife, Lady Claudine  to a resort hotel in Gstaad, Switzerland, where his attempts to investigate her repeatedly fail. Meanwhile, Sir Charles manages to discover the identity of the true thief - his wife . Because they were both bored with their quiet retirement, she stole the diamond for her own excitement, and sent her husband on a wild goose chase. Sir Charles makes a daring escape from Lugash and goes to Gstaad to find his wife and the diamond. Inspector Clouseau, who has unknowingly been on the trail of the real thief all along, receives a telephone call from Chief Inspector Dreyfus telling him to arrest Lady Claudine. However, when Clouseau calls Dreyfus back to ask why, he is informed that Dreyfus has gone on vacation and will not be back until the following week. Dreyfus, now revealed as the assassin trying to kill Clouseau, prepares to shoot him with a sniper rifle as soon as he enters Lady Claudine\'s room. Lady Claudine playfully confesses the theft to her husband, and hands the diamond over to him, so he can go about proving his innocence. They are cornered by Colonel Sharki  of the Lugash Secret Police, who intends to kill them both. It turns out he has been using the theft of the diamond as an excuse to purge his political opponents. Clouseau barges into the room to arrest the Lyttons. Sir Charles points out that Colonel Sharki is going to kill them all. Suddenly, Dreyfus opens fire on the room, and accidentally kills Sharki while aiming at Clouseau, who ducks at the last minute to check his fly. The Lyttons escape during the fray. For his work in recovering the Pink Panther, Clouseau is promoted to Chief Inspector, and vows to bring Sir Charles to justice. Lady Claudine\'s fate is not revealed to the audience, but it is implied she was not arrested. Dreyfus is committed to a lunatic asylum, where he is straitjacketed and placed inside a Padded cell, vowing revenge on Clouseau as the animated Pink Panther enters the room.'] ["{{expand section}} Ford Fairlane is seen sitting on a beach smoking as the film opens. A flashback initiates, showing a roaring crowd at a concert given by fictional popular heavy metal band The Black Plague. Lead singer Bobby Black  makes an eccentric entrance down a zip-line onto the stage and begins performing. Shortly into one of the band's songs, Bobby Black collapses on stage and dies. After The Black Plague singer is murdered onstage, shock-jock Johnny Crunch,  an old friend who came west with Fairlane, hires Ford to track down a mysterious teenage groupie named Zuzu Petals who may have a connection to Bobby Black's death. Soon after hiring Fairlane, Crunch is electrocuted on the air. The world's hippest detective soon finds himself trading insults with a ruthless record executive , a clueless cop and former disco star , a merciless hit man  and countless ex-girlfriends out for his blood. Aiding and abetting Fairlane in this whodunnit is loyal assistant Jazz  and a hip record producer  at the head of a bizarre lineup of suspects, victims, beautiful women and a koala as he finds himself hip-deep in the case of his life. The macguffin of the film is three data CDs which, when read simultaneously, detail the illegal dealings of Julian Grendel, who murdered Bobby Black when he found out Black had acquired them. The first disc was with Colleen Sutton, the second with Zuzu Petals, and the third disc was hidden under the star for Art Mooney on the Hollywood Walk of Fame."] ["While visiting a health studio in Beverly Hills, fashion model Jennifer Downing, the daughter of millionaire P.J. Downing, is kidnapped. Her father turns to a family friend, Eliot Draisen, who is president of the detective agency Crumb & Crumb, to investigate the case. Eliot is reluctant to supply P.J. with one of his capable detectives, because, as it turns out, Eliot himself is the organizer of the kidnapping. But to give the appearance of taking the investigation seriously, Eliot offers P.J. the services of Harry Crumb , the last descendant of the agency's founders. Eliot talks up Harry's detecting skills to persuade P.J. that he's the right man for the job, but he secretly knows that Harry is incompetent and counts on this fact to allow him to slip right through the detective's fingers. Crumb returns to Los Angeles  from an assignment in the firm's Tulsa branch office . He immediately begins his investigation, assisted by Jennifer's younger sister, Nikki, who is considerably smarter than he is. Crumb's tendency to mix fact with fantasy, however, does not prevent him from noticing that Nikki's stepmother, Helen Downing, is having an affair with her tennis coach Vince Barnes, and after several incidents and observations, Crumb comes to the conclusion that she is behind the kidnapping. Helen is also the object of affection of Eliot Draisen, but all she is interested in is money; to this end, she tries to get rid of her husband on several occasions and even does her best&nbsp;&ndash; along with Barnes&nbsp;&ndash; to get the ransom for herself. Despite several close calls, Draisen manages to outwit Crumb and the police. He escapes to the airport, from where he intends to depart to Buenos Aires. But he makes the mistake of informing Helen of his plans; she and Barnes take the money and leave him, tied up and gagged, in a utility room at the airport. Crumb and Nikki manage to trail the kidnapper to the airport, where the detective corners Helen and Barnes just as their plane prepares to take off. After Jennifer is freed, Crumb and the police find Draisen in the side room. Fed up with Crumb's dumb luck&nbsp;&ndash; and owing to a slight misunderstanding&nbsp;&ndash; Draisen confesses and is sent to prison. With the Downings' gratitude boosting his confidence, Crumb takes over as the new president of his family's business, where a new case immediately piques his personal attention."] ['{{plot}} In a flashback to 1991, while riding his bike through the woods, a young boy spots a woman darting between the trees. He puts down his bike and runs after her. The woman meets up with another woman, they speak briefly and run together through the woods until they arrive at an old stone house. The boy continues after them, peeks through the window of the house and watches as they wildly slaughter a rooster. The women spot the boy at the window and chase after him, saying "You\'ll be sorry, I\'ll kill you, You\'ll never get away from us". The flashback ends. A young man, Julio, working late at night spies an attractive neighbor girl getting dressed. He watches her through binoculars as she takes off her red bra. The next morning, he rides his motorbike to his girlfriend\'s apartment to pick her up. After they make love in his apartment, the girlfriend leaves and Julio stays behind, watching the neighbors out the window. Julio sees Sasha  having an argument with her mother. Later in the day, he meets her by chance at a video rental store. He doesn\'t speak to her, but he watches her as she talks with another woman, Federica. The two women both want to rent "Strangers on a Train". They talk and become friends. Julio rents some films by Fritz Lang whom he is studying for his thesis. Later that night as Julio is watching his film while smoking marijuana, he sees Sasha watching her movies in the apartment across the street. Her mother tells her angrily to turn down the volume. Sasha meanders out to the balcony where she briefly sees Julio. He ducks back into his apartment. The next day, Julio is back at the video store and sees Federica as she rents "Strangers on a Train". The creepy video store guy makes some advances towards her, but she\'s not interested and drives away. Later, while riding his bicycle, Julio sees Sasha and Federica having lunch by a fountain, talking closely, almost intimately. In the next scene, an intruder uses a key to enter Sasha\'s apartment while her mother is home alone watching TV. The intruder murders Sasha\'s mother with a brass pestle. Julio is awakened later that night by the sounds of the police cars which have come to investigate. Sasha is being questioned. Julio meets the video store guy the next morning and they talk briefly about the murder. They both attend Sasha\'s mother\'s funeral. Julio meets his girlfriend for lunch. Reading the newspaper, he finds out that Sasha Zerboni was an only child. Her mother was a rich widow. Julio tells his girlfriend that he\'s been thinking about "Strangers on a Train" all day. They rent it and watch it together. He suspects that Sasha and Federica are in an agreement like that of "Strangers on a Train". His girlfriend says he\'s crazy. In the course of their conversation, she realizes that he\'s been watching Sasha out his window. Later, Julio sees a woman cleaning Sasha\'s mother\'s apartment. He goes across the street and finds the cleaning crew mopping up the bloody crime scene. After a brief exchange with the crew chief, Julio dashes out. He snatches a letter out of the Zerboni mailbox and is almost caught by a neighbor. He reads the letter in the lift up to his apartment. It\'s a bank statement with almost 1 million Euros in the account. At his home, he is surprised to find his mother there, cleaning it. She previously told Julio she\'s getting remarried, to her tennis coach, and wants Julio to meet the guy. Eventually, she leaves for an appointment. Sasha comes back to her apartment where the crew chief tells her about Julio\'s visit, and that he lives across the street. She knows he\'s been watching her. While Julio showers, someone breaks into his apartment. The intruder breaks an empty wine bottle and flees when Julio hears the noise and jumps out of the shower. Julio calls his girlfriend and asks her to come over to spend the night because he\'s nervous. Julio and his girlfriend discuss the situation. She\'s more interested in making love. When he insists that it is now Sasha\'s turn to kill someone close to Federica , she says he needs to see a shrink and storms out. The next day, Julio has his locks changed. He passes by the video store and the video guy tells him that Sasha had been in and asked about him, saying that she knew he watched her. That night, Julio has a nightmare flashback to the first scene with the two women slaughtering the rooster. It becomes obvious that he is the boy in that scene. He awakes to hear someone trying to break into his apartment, but the intruder runs away before Julio can get the door unlocked and give chase. The following day, Julio returns "Strangers on a Train" to the video store. The video guy  asks Julio to mind the store while he steps out. Julio agrees and while Andrea is away, he looks up Federica\'s address on the store computer. In the middle of his poking around, Sasha comes into the store and they speak briefly. She sees that he has returned "Strangers on a Train" and she puts it back on the shelf. Julio rides his motorbike to Federica\'s apartment and follows her when she leaves. He drives wildly after her until she arrives at her office at Oniusaxo & Co. - Studio Immobiliare . Through the window, he sees Federica\'s boss grope her inappropriately. At the end of the day, Federica hesitatingly gets into the boss\'s car with him. She is clearly unhappy to be there. They arrive at the boss\'s apartment and Julio, having followed them there, sees them arguing in a second floor window. Julio scampers up a ledge to a second floor balcony as it starts to rain. He can see and hear Federica and her boss arguing in bed. The boss is blackmailing Federica because of some money she stole from a client. He is forcing her to submit to him sexually in exchange for not reporting her. In the middle of the boss\'s forcing himself upon Federica, he spots Julio looking through the window. Julio tries to scamper back down the ledge, but he falls and fractures his ankle in the process. The boss gives chase and Julio limps to his motorbike and just barely escapes, slipping and falling in the rain several times while the boss pursues him. Julio\'s mom takes him to the doctor who tells him he\'ll have to be in a cast for several weeks. Julio\'s girlfriend comes over to his place to help him mend, but when he starts telling her what happened and his theory of how Federica wants Sasha to kill her boss, the girlfriend says he\'s crazier than ever and storms out, saying she never wants to see him again. Just as Julio\'s girlfriend is leaving, Andrea, the video guy comes to visit Julio. He\'s brought some classic Hitchcock videos for Julio to watch while he\'s laid up. He asks to use the bathroom and a few minutes later tells Julio that the tap is stuck and won\'t turn off. When Julio enters the bathroom, Andrea grabs him and tries to drown him in the tub. While Julio and Andrea are struggling, Julio\'s mother and her fiancée come to visit Julio. Hearing the screams from inside the apartment, the fiancée breaks down the door and pulls Andrea off Julio. While Julio\'s mother revives Julio, the fiancée chases after Andrea. As they leave the apartment, Andrea runs across the street and is fatally hit by a car. Sasha looks down from her balcony, realizes what happened and becomes physically ill. The police come and arrest Sasha and detectives speak to Julio. Later, Julio\'s girlfriend, Ariana, comes over and they make up. Julio explains that Sasha\'s plot was more similar to the film "Dial M for Murder" in which a man hires a killer to kill his wife. Here, Sasha hired Andrea to kill her mother. As Ariana is closing the window, she sees a woman dressed in black approaching Sasha\'s apartment. Despite Julio\'s protests, Ariana insists on chasing after her to see what she\'s doing. Julio sees through his binoculars that the woman is Federica, in disguise. She is looking for the key which she mistakenly left in Sasha\'s apartment. Julio realizes that Federica was the real killer of Sasha\'s mother and that Andrea must have joined them later. Julio calls Ariana on her cell phone, but she refuses to give up the pursuit despite his protests that Federica is a killer. Julio calls the inspector and he responds immediately, arriving at Sasha\'s apartment before Ariana has a chance to confront Federica. They chase her up to the rooftop where she threatens to jump off. Federica slips off the edge of the building, but the inspector catches her by the arm before she falls. The inspector and Ariana manage to haul Federica up to safety, at which point she is placed under arrest. In the final scene, Julio\'s cast is off and he is exercising. Julio gets a phone call from his mother and while they talk he sees a light go on in Sasha\'s former apartment. Another beautiful woman has taken residence in the apartment. She is almost naked and reading a book on the couch. She sees Julio watching her from across the street, but doesn\'t seem to mind. Julio stands staring with mouth agape.'] ["When several women are murdered and their forefingers severed, Holmes and Watson are called into action, but Holmes is baffled by the crimes at the start. Widower Sir George Fenwick , after a romantic night alone with his girlfriend Lydia Marlowe , is hypnotized into believing that he is responsible for the crimes. He is certain that he is guilty after he awakes from a stupor and finds a woman's forefinger in his pocket. His daughter comes to Holmes and Watson without realizing that Moriarty's henchman is following her. She tells Holmes and Watson that she found her father burying a forefinger under a pile of soil. She has dug up the forefinger and shows it to them. Fenwick is then found dead, obviously murdered by someone to keep him from talking. Holmes theorizes that Moriarty, who was supposed to have been hanged in Montevideo, is alive and responsible for the crimes. Watson is then called to help a woman who fell over while feeding her pet bird. He leaves, and minutes later, Moriarty appears and explains that he faked the phone call so he could talk to Holmes. He then leans one of the chairs back, obviously signaling someone. Holmes sees an open window in an empty house. When Moriarty leaves, Watson arrives. Holmes explains what Moriarty did, notices that a window shade that was shut in the empty house is now open, and tells Watson to investigate. Inside the empty house Watson, looking through the window, believes that he sees a sniper shoot Holmes in his apartment. Holmes then appears at the house and explains that he put a bust of Julius Caesar there because of the bust's resemblance to his own face  counting on the victims being too terrified to expose the scheme. He befriends Lydia, whom he had seen with Sir George at a restaurant, suspecting that is she in cahoots with Moriarty. She takes him to her house, where he is apparently hypnotized. Moriarty enters and has one of his men cut Holmes with a knife to verify that he is hypnotized. He then tells Holmes to write a suicide note , walk out of Lydia's apartment onto the ledge, and jump to his death. Watson and the police then appear and grab the criminals. Holmes then reveals he was never really hypnotized, but secretly ingested a drug to make him appear as if he had been hypnotized and also insensitive to pain. Moriarty then escapes from the hold of a policeman and jumps from the top of Lydia's house to another building. However, he hangs onto a pipe which becomes loose from the building, causing him to fall to his death. This is the third Basil Rathbone Sherlock Holmes film in which Moriarty dies. In all three films, he falls to his death. He is always presumed dead until he turns up in the next film."] ['In 1954, a military train guarded by American soldiers and Japanese police is attacked as it travels between Kyoto and Tokyo. During the raid, which is carried out with great precision, an American sergeant is killed, and the train\'s cargo of guns and ammunition is stolen. The crime is investigated by Capt. Hanson, an American, and Japanese police inspector Kita, who, five weeks later, are concerned when a thief named Webber is shot with some of the stolen bullets. As Webber lies dying in a Tokyo hospital, he is questioned by Hanson and Kita, and although Webber was left for dead by his gang during a thwarted robbery, he refuses to implicate his cohorts, who presumably are responsible for the earlier crime. Webber, who is also an American, does reveal, however, that he is secretly married to a Japanese woman named Mariko. Among Webber\'s possessions is a letter from an American named Eddie Spanier, who wants to join Webber in Japan after his release from a U.S. prison. Three weeks later, Eddie arrives in Tokyo and finds Mariko, who is initially afraid that he is one of the men responsible for her husband\'s death. Eddie gains Mariko\'s trust with a photograph of himself and Webber, then warns her to keep quiet about her marriage so that she will not be in danger from Webber\'s killers. Later, Eddie goes to a pachinko parlor, in which patrons gamble on intricate machines similar to pinball machines. There, Eddie attempts to sell "protection" to the manager, but when he tries the same tactic at another such parlor, he is beaten and warned to leave by racketeer Sandy Dawson and his henchmen, Griff, Charlie, Willy and Phil. Intrigued by Eddie\'s presence in Japan, Sandy arranges for him to be arrested, and Sandy\'s secret informer, who is connected to the police department, obtains Eddie\'s rap sheet. Convinced of Eddie\'s aptitude for crime, Sandy invites him to join his gang, which consists of former American servicemen who have been dishonorably discharged. After his acceptance into the gang, Eddie secretly meets with Kita and Hanson, for whom he is working undercover. Needing help from someone he can trust, Eddie asks Mariko to live with him as his "kimono girl," although he does not reveal his identity as a military police investigator. Hoping to discover who killed her husband, Mariko resides with Eddie despite being ostracized by her neighbors, who do not know that her relationship with the foreigner is platonic. As time passes, Sandy grows to trust Eddie, although Eddie is shocked during a robbery when a wounded gang member is killed by Griff to prevent him from talking. Eddie is also wounded, but Sandy makes an exception to his rule of killing fallen men and saves him. Eddie finally informs the worried Mariko that his real name is Sgt. Kenner, and that he is investigating Sandy. Meanwhile, Griff, Sandy\'s "ichiban" or "number one boy," becomes jealous of Sandy\'s reliance upon Eddie, and Sandy relieves the hot-headed Griff of his duties. The next day, Mariko, who has fallen in love with Eddie, notifies Kita and Hanson about a planned robbery, but Sandy\'s informant, reporter Ceram, warns him that the police are poised to capture him. After the robbery is aborted, Sandy kills Griff, whom he mistakenly assumes tipped off the police. Ceram informs Sandy of his mistake, and Sandy retaliates by setting Eddie up to be killed by the Japanese police during a robbery of a pearl broker. When the plan fails, Sandy is chased by the police up to a rooftop amusement park, but after an intense gunfight, Eddie succeeds in shooting and killing Sandy. Later, wearing his military uniform, Eddie walks with Mariko in a Tokyo park.'] ["In 1799, New York City, Ichabod Crane is a 24-year-old officer. He is dispatched by his superiors to the Westchester County hamlet of Sleepy Hollow, New York, to investigate a series of brutal slayings in which the victims have been found decapitated: Peter Van Garrett, his son Dirk, and the widow Emily Winship. A pioneer of new, unproven investigative techniques such as finger-printing and autopsies, Crane arrives in Sleepy Hollow armed with his bag of scientific tools only to be informed by the town's elders that the murderer is not of flesh and blood, rather a headless supernatural warrior from beyond the grave who rides at night on a massive black steed. Crane begins his investigation, remaining highly skeptical about the supernatural elements in the case until he encounters the Headless Horseman himself, who kills Magistrate Samuel Phillipse on sight. Boarding a room at the home of the town's richest family, the Van Tassels, Crane develops an attraction to their daughter Katrina, while he is plagued by nightmares of his mother's horrific torture when he was a child. Delving further into the mystery with the aid of the orphaned Young Masbath, whose father Jonathan was a victim of the Horseman, Crane discovers within the Western Woods the Horseman's grave, as well as his entry point into the natural world from the supernatural — the gnarled Tree of the Dead. Crane finds the Horseman's skull is missing, and eventually uncovers a murky plot revolving around revenge and land rights with the Horseman controlled by Katrina's stepmother Lady Van Tassel, who sends the killer after Katrina now to solidify her hold on what she considers her property, a piece of land unjustly claimed by Katrina's father. Following a fight in the local windmill and a stagecoach chase through the woods, Crane eventually thwarts Lady Van Tassel by returning the skull to the Horseman, who regains his head and heads back to Hell along with his enslaver. With his job in Sleepy Hollow over, Crane, with Katrina and Young Masbath, returns to New York in time for the new century."] ['An outsider visits a remote isolated village that has seemingly shunned the modern life. Doctor Del Shaw, an investigator from the British ecological watchdog group nicknamed Doomwatch, is sent to the island of Balfe, to file a report on the effects of a recent oil tanker spill. He becomes fascinated with the mysterious behavioural disorders of the locals who display rudeness and random aggression and a strange genetic prevalence of thick lips and sloping brows. Investigation shows that the villagers have been suffering over a prolonged period from hormonal disorders, which are being caused by leaking drums of growth stimulants that have been dumped offshore. The islanders have been eating contaminated fish and are in turn developing acromegaly, a disorder of excessive hormonal growth, usually the result of family interbreeding, which produces aggression and eventually madness. Rather than seek help from the mainland they hide those who are deformed from any newcomers...'] ["The second in the series of Mr. Wong features starring Boris Karloff finds wealthy gem-collector Brandon Edwards gaining possession of the largest star sapphire in the world, the 'Eye of the Daughter of the Moon', after it has been stolen in China. Edwards, at a party in his home, confides to Mr. Wong that his life is in danger. During a game of Charades, Edwards is mysteriously shot dead and the gem disappears. Unknown to Wong, the jewel is in the possession of Edwards' maid, Drina, who intends to return it to China, but she is murdered also, and the gem is taken again. After one more murder -- the suspect list is dwindling -- Wong exposes the killer, turns him over to Police Inspector Street, and Wong orders his manservant Willy to return the gem to China."] ['On an ocean liner making its way to New York, Simon Templar , "the Saint", rescues a fellow passenger  from card cheats, though she refuses to give him her name and is offended when he kisses her without invitation. He later sends the mysterious woman a rose corsage by way of apology. The Saint learns that his friendly nemesis, Inspector Henry Farnack , has been suspended from the police force after $50,000 was found in his safe. He has been framed by "Big" Ben Egan  on behalf of his race-fixing gang, which Fernack was investigating. The other members of the gang - "Rocky" Weldon , Leo Sloan , Sam Reese  and Max Bremer  - each pay a quarter share of the $90,000 cost of the frameup. Rocky himself has just been cleared in a trial after the testimony of his bodyguard, Clarence "Pearly" Gates ([[Paul Guilfoyle  and the murder of the main prosecution witness, Johnny Summers. Egan orders two henchmen to pick up the woman passenger when the ship arrives. Fortunately, Templar is able to foil them, and the woman drives off in a taxi. Templar goes to see Fernack. Weldon sends Gates to rob Egan, but Egan catches the safe cracker. At gunpoint, Gates confesses that Welden sent him. Egan orders him to lure his boss into a trap, but after Gates leaves, an unseen shooter kills Egan. Templar and Fernack meet when they both sneak into Egan\'s place. The Saint finds the hidden camera and later develops the photograph. He also picks up a clue, a rose petal. Welden assumes Gates killed Egan and has the $90,000, despite Gates\' protestations. Templar blackmails Gates into helping him in exchange for not giving the police the photograph and telling Weldon that Gates does not have the money. However, when they go to see Weldon, they find him dead, and once again, Fernack is already there. Templar, assisted by Gates, kidnaps Sloan, the most likely of the survivors to talk, but they are followed. When Templar leaves Sloan guarded by Fernack, Sloan is shot and killed through Fernack\'s basement window. They take the body back to Sloan\'s place, but the suspicious police burst in and take them by surprise. Only Templar manages to escape. He waits for the murderer in Reese\'s apartment . He is unsurprised when the woman shows up. She is Ruth Summers, Johnny\'s sister out for revenge. He offers to help her. Templar has Gates "betray" him to Bremer and Reese. They catch him searching Bremer\'s office. He offers to trade the $90,000 for his life, but insists they tell him everything. Their unwitting confessions are broadcast to the police via a hidden microphone and radio transmitter. When the police arrive, Bremer escapes by the fire escape. In the alley, he encounters Ruth. Each fatally shoots the other. Ruth makes a deathbed confession to the three previous murders, then dies before Templar can tell her something important.'] ['{{plot}} When a master thief, the Tornado, begins stealing expensive artifacts the Government of France assembles a Dream Team of International Detectives to solve the case. Inspector Clouseau  is reassigned from his task as a parking officer by Chief Inspector Dreyfus  to join the Dream Team in Japan, site of the Tornado\'s recent heist. While meeting with Clouseau, Dreyfus ends up being the victim to one of Clouseau\'s blunders; Clouseau discovered the wires Dreyfus set up in his office and set them off, bringing elite unit operatives. Oddly, Clouseau had the password to call them off on his medal : "Damburgert". At the airport, as soon as he is officially leaving France, news breaks that the Pink Panther Diamond has also been stolen . Clouseau travels back to the scene of the crime, where the other members of the Dream Team, Inspector Pepperidge , Vicenzo , Kenji , and Sonia  , are gathering. They go to Rome to investigate a black market fence, Alonso Avellaneda , who deals with The Tornado. Assuming he is The Tornado, the Dream Team question him while Clouseau snoops around. Avellaneda successfully vindicates himself by demonstrating that he lacks a bullet-wound to the right shoulder – the Tornado was shot in that shoulder during a theft over a decade ago. After they leave, Avellaneda meets with the Tornado himself . The Tornado reveals that one of the people on the Dream Team works with him. Later on that night, Clouseau and his partner, Ponton , spy on Avellaneda, using a bug they planted at the table they were sitting, as he takes a date out for dinner. Unfortunately, the mission is compromised when they find Vicenzo and Clouseau\'s love interest, Nicole , together at the restaurant. Having been banned for burning down the restaurant three months earlier, Clouseau disguises himself as a dancer and attempts to switch the bug to Nicole\'s table. In the process, he ends up burning down the restaurant again, thanks to knocking down a flambe a waiter is holding. At the same time, The Tornado steals the Pope\'s ring, an act which begins to turn public opinion against the Dream Team. When Clouseau\'s attempt to recreate the night the ring was stolen ends badly, he is voted off the team, with only Sonia sympathizing with him. Shortly afterward, Clouseau is called to an office where they see the Tornado has killed himself, and left a suicide note claiming he destroyed the Pink Panther – regarding it as being so beautiful that he could not bring anyone other than himself to own it – and left the other treasures to be recovered. Examining a key they found in the Pope\'s Chambers, they successfully match the DNA of the victim with DNA of the Tornado acquired when he was shot, and thus believe themselves to have solved the case. However, Clouseau is unconvinced and believes the Tornado was not the thief. For their victory in recovering the stolen items , a celebration is thrown in the Dream Team\'s honor. Clouseau, after seeing something on Sonia\'s car\'s licence plate, tries to convince Dreyfus that the real thief is still at large, but is ignored. Dreyfus relays to the group that Clouseau told him Sonia was the thief, and the group, treating the idea as a joke, works out a plausible explanation for how she could have done it; as the Tornado\'s ex-lover, she would have in-depth knowledge of his methods, and has set up a plan. She would make the Tornado steal all the other artifacts so all attention would be drawn to him. Then, Sonia could set him up, make him come out of hiding, kill him, forge a suicide note, and keep the Pink Panther, which was the only fencible artifact as it was the only treasure that could be broken down and sold off as smaller items rather than in its most famous form. Nicole suddenly realizes that Clouseau\'s story may actually be feasible, prompting Nicole to ask Sonia to conclude the joke by showing the contents of her purse, Clouseau claiming that the Pink Panther is in her purse. Disgusted by this indirect accusation, Sonia attempts to leave the party. As Sonia tries to leave, Nicole again asks her to take everything out of her purse. Sonia pulls out a gun, and after initially threatening to shoot Nicole, she shoots Clouseau, but the bullet hits the medal of honor he had received, ironically killing a waiter due to a ricochet. She then runs upstairs, with Clouseau and the rest of the Dream Team chasing her around the building, all but Clouseau making fools of themselves through various accidents caused by Clouseau\'s clumsiness. Finally cornered, Sonia threatens to destroy the Pink Panther, and Clouseau successfully goads her to do so. Sonia is subsequently knocked out by Ponton when she tries to flee during the distraction caused by the Pink Panther\'s destruction. Clouseau reveals that she had destroyed a fake gem he had switched with the real one before his departure from France , and that the Tornado, a master thief and a recognized authority on valuable gems, would have recognized this; therefore, his suicide note—where he praised the beauty of the gem in his possession—was forged and he was actually murdered. He reveals that he had given Sonia\'s car a ticket one day before the Pink Panther was stolen, contradicting her alibi of having been delayed to the crime scene because of her flight. Following the arrest of Sonia, Dreyfus tries to claim credit for having appointed Clouseau to his parking job, but Clouseau, remembering Dreyfus told him to deny this to anyone who asked, rebukes the claim. Clouseau later marries Nicole, though the wedding is short-lived after Dreyfus fires the cork out of the Champagne bottle onto a security device, causing elite unit operatives to storm the party in a manner similar to an earlier event in the film; the batteries in Clouseau\'s medal were dead, so he couldn\'t give the password. Clouseau and Nicole ditch the wedding and head for the airport for their honeymoon with the animated Pink Panther watching them leave. The film ends with the Pink Panther looking into the camera and winking (like in [[The Pink Panther  as he walks into the chaotic wedding and closes the door.'] ['James "Jimmy" Monroe and Paul Hodges  are cops working for the NYPD who celebrated their ninth year together as partners. After failing to capture suspect Juan Diaz  and for causing a disastrous neighborhood shootout and beating up a child, Jimmy and Paul are suspended without pay. Jimmy\'s daughter Ava  is getting married, and the price for the wedding is close to fifty thousand dollars. Though his ex-wife Pam\'s second husband Roy ([[Jason Lee  offers to pay for the wedding, Jimmy is determined to find a way to come up with the money so that Roy will not humiliate him. Paul is worried that his wife Debbie  is cheating on him, so he sets up a secret video camera in a teddy bear. While Jimmy is selling a 1952 Andy Pafko baseball card to pay for the wedding, he is robbed by Dave , who steals his card and Paul\'s favorite gun. They find out that Dave is going to rob a house that night so they stake out the house to retrieve the card and gun. Jimmy and Paul arrest Dave and discover he has sold the card and gun for drugs. Jimmy and Paul go to the dealer, Poh Boy ([[Guillermo Díaz , who tells them they may have the card if they retrieve a stolen car. When they find the car, they discover a distressed woman named Gabriela  in the trunk. Gabriela reveals that she is the mistress of a murdered drug lord who was kidnapped by Poh Boy\'s gang. Jimmy previews the tape from Paul\'s hidden camera and finds what looks to be Debbie and another man, but tells Paul there is nothing on it. Paul then sees the tape from his hidden camera and is heartbroken when he sees that Jimmy has lied: Debbie is with another man in their bedroom. Gabriela does not want to get Jimmy and Paul hurt, so she flees, leaving them a flashdrive concealed in a cross, which contains information about dealer\'s contact numbers. Jimmy and Paul pay Dave\'s bail so that he may retrieve the card and gun but he falls out of a tree and dies. Jimmy goes in to retrieve the card, but is surrounded by the gang. At the same time, Paul learns that Debbie is not cheating on him after all: she has played a trick on him for hiding the camera in their bedroom. After killing most of the gang, Jimmy and Paul find Poh Boy holding Gabriela at gunpoint. They shoot him dead, but Paul\'s bullet goes through the head of the baseball player on Jimmy\'s card, which is hidden in Poh Boy\'s shirt pocket. Pleased with the duo\'s investigation and assisting two colleagues  who were caught in the shootout, the precinct chief  restores Jimmy and Paul to active duty and gives them commendations. Dejected at the destruction of his prized card, Jimmy lets Roy pay for the wedding. Pam asks a favor of Jimmy that he and Roy give away Ava together. Jimmy says nothing about it. Paul discreetly points his pistol at Roy and orders him to sit down at the moment the priest calls out the father who would give away Ava. During the closing credits, bonus scenes finds Dave did not die in the fall when he pulls a prank on the coroner opening the body bag by doing one of his knock-knock jokes resulting in her fleeing in horror while Dave exits the body bag in laughter.'] ['Margaret McGinty, a barmaid and former actress, is found hanged, and her lodger, Harold Taylor, caught at the scene, seems plainly guilty. Everyone believes it to be an open-and-shut case ... except for Miss Marple. She is the lone holdout in the jury that tries him, leading to a mistrial. Despite the disapproval of Inspector Craddock, Miss Marple decides to delve into the case. She poses as a gatherer for a church \'jumble sale\' to enter and search Mrs. McGinty\'s home. She finds a newspaper with words cut out and several programs for a murder mystery play recently performed in the town. These clues lead her to suspect Mrs. McGinty of blackmailing a member of the repertory company. She auditions for the repertory theatre players, the Cosgood Players, under their actor/manager Driffold Cosgood . Cosgood is unimpressed by her acting ability, but as she is willing to work for free and mentions she is independently wealthy, takes her on. Miss Marple knows she is on the right track when actor George Rowton  is poisoned moments later. She secures accommodation in the boarding house in which the cast are staying to further her investigation and Cosgood leaves a copy of his play Remember September in her bedroom to read. Narrowly avoiding an attempt to silence her , Miss Marple unmasks the killer. Cosgood appeals to her to finance Remember September, but she says "Mr Cosgood, whatever else I am, I am definitely no angel."'] ['Wealthy murder mystery writer Paula Bradford  returns from her worldwide travels to see her former husband, surgeon Dr. Lawrence "Brad" Bradford . He had divorced her because she was always involving him in real-life murder cases, but she wants him back. When a jockey riding the favorite dies while leading a race, she is convinced it was murder. She and Mike North , the horse\'s trainer, persuade the reluctant doctor to investigate. Brad is puzzled when he finds traces of gelatin on the corpse. Then he receives an envelope addressed to North. North telephones a little later to say he will come pick it up. Curious, Brad opens the envelope to find a great deal of money. Someone claiming to be North calls shortly afterward and instructs Brad to meet him somewhere else, but without the money. Suspicious, Brad takes a taxi, but gets out a short distance away and returns to his suite. As he anticipated, a burglar is inside looking for the letter. When the two men start fighting, Paula tries to help, but ends up knocking Brad out instead, allowing the intruder to get away. Soon after, the doorbell rings. When Brad opens the door, North\'s body falls in. Police Inspector Corrigan  names Brad as the main suspect in the second death. Now Brad has to solve both murders to clear himself. All sorts of suspects present themselves: Nick Martel ([[Robert Armstrong , a bookie who owed North $100,000 for a winning bet; Leroy Hutchins , the owner of the winning horse; John Summers ([[Grant Mitchell , the favorite\'s owner; Mrs. Summers, who is seeing Martel behind her husband\'s back; and Summer\'s lawyer, Henry Strand . Even Brad\'s receptionist, Miss Prentiss , had been spotted with Martel. Brad discovers that Martel was instructed to send the money to an address he was given, but decided to confront North in person instead over what he considered to be deceit; though North claimed he did not place the bet, Martel did not believe him and gave him the money. Going to the address provided, Brad finds Paula already there. They then discover the body of Lou Pender , the would-be burglar, who had masqueraded as North. As Brad is examining the corpse, an unseen person shoots him from the window. Fortunately, he is not seriously wounded. Brad eventually figures out how the murders were committed. The killer put a deadly black widow spider inside a gelatin capsule, secretly attached it to the victim\'s body, and waited for the gelatin to melt from body heat, releasing the spider. Since the police have the $100,000, Brad assumes the killer will try the same trick again. The same two horses are scheduled to race against each other the next day, so Brad has film cameras set up around the racetrack. The murderer does strike again, but fortunately, Brad had taken the precaution of inoculating the jockey beforehand. Brad invites all of the suspects to his suite, hoping the culprit will stay away. When that fails, he screens the film footage he had had taken. It shows Mr. Summers slipping a capsule down the jockey\'s back. Pulling out a gun, Summers admits his motive was revenge against his unfaithful wife and Martel. Brad subdues him before he can shoot the lovers. During the struggle, however, Paula once again knocks out her ex-husband. Despite this, Brad marries her again.'] ['The plot is set on a group of bank robbers, who are both violent and successful, strangely getting away each time with an amount around the £60,000 mark, and often leaving behind cash in excess of this sum. The robbers are willing to kill their own team, to get away. As Jack Regan himself puts it after the first raid in the film: "I\'ve never seen so many dead people". Armed with gold-plated Purdey shotguns, they evaded Regan and the Flying Squad for quite some time, before Regan finds encouragement from his Detective Chief Superintendent who was sent down for corruption because Jack wouldn\'t testify in court for him.'] ["A well respected monk, Capuchin Ambrosio compromises himself with his carnal lust for a pupil, a woman disguised as a monk , she tempts the monk to transgress and he is soon found desiring another, the innocent Antonia. Matilda uses magic spells to help the monk in his pursuit of Antonia, whose rape by him leads to her insanity. It later emerges that Matilda is an instrument of Satan in female form. The focus is also on Antonia's previous relationship with Lorenzo, whose sister is tortured by hypocritical nuns for her own relationship. Returning to Ambrosio, he is delivered to the Inquisition; escaping only by selling his soul to the devil. The devil prevents Ambrosio's final repentance, and informs Ambrosio that Antonia is the monk's sister.Vincent Cassel Toplines Dominik Moll's 'The Monk' IonCinema. 5 April 2010"] ["In Spain, the vanished six year old daughter of the editor Claudia  and her husband Marc is found completely mutilated in a well by the police, being recognized by her husband only due to a bracelet and leg defect . The body contains marks of many needle insertions and burns from sulfuric acid, which appear to have been inflicted while the child was still alive. Five years later, Claudia is still unable to get over the death of her child and she is addicted to tranquiliizers. Inexplicably, the presumed dead daughter Angela calls her mother, saying that she is still alive and needs her help. After visiting a now-deserted clinic where she used to take her daughter , and finding strange pictures of angels there, Claudia calls a recently-retired cop, Massera , to investigate the matter. She also give him a boot she found on the site, believing it to have been left for her to find. Massera teams up with tabloid journalist Quiroga , a reporter for a magazine of parapsychology, after Quiroga receives in the mail a disturbing videotape which has Claudia's phone number written on the label. The tape shows what appears to be the murder or torture of a naked woman, and also footage of Claudia when she visited the derelict clinic. Visiting a theological expert at the university, the two begin to uncover a bizarre cult called The Nameless that is said to sacrifice children. The cult was led by a now-imprisoned man called Santini who believed in absolute evil, and created his cult which also links to Germany's Thule Society. A doctor who helped him was also arrested but was released for lack of evidence. To make matters worse, Claudia finds herself stalked by psychotic ex-boyfriend Toni, who simply radiates evil. Tony meets a strange man with a scarred eye in a bar . Meanwhile Claudia visits Massera because she is scared to stay at home. She learns his wife died the year before. They then go to visit the prison where Santini is held. Santini has a degenerative skin disease which is believed to be due to inoculations he was given as a prisoner in Dachau. Santini talks to Claudi cryptically but though he talks about the painful experience of having been placed in a cobalt capsule at the concentration camp, and how he has 'vermin' inside of him, Claudia plead with him to reveal Angela's whereabouts but he only tells her to think, and says that Angela is in the place 'where the whole thing began'."] ["In 1539 the Knight Templars of Malta, paid tribute to Charles V of Spain, by sending him a Golden Falcon encrusted from beak to claw with rarest jewels——but pirates seized the galley carrying this priceless token and the fate of the Maltese Falcon remains a mystery to this day——{{cite book}}—Introductory text appearing after the film's opening credits In 1941 San Francisco, private investigators Sam Spade  and Miles Archer  meet prospective client Miss Ruth Wonderly . She claims to be looking for her missing sister, who is involved with a man named Floyd Thursby. Wonderly is to meet Thursby. After receiving a substantial retainer, Archer volunteers to follow her that night and help get her sister back. That night, Spade is informed that Archer has been killed. He meets his friend, Police Detective Tom Polhaus , at the murder scene. He then calls Wonderly&#39;s hotel, but she has checked out. He is grilled by Polhaus and his supervisor, Lieutenant Dundy , who inform him that Thursby was also murdered that same evening. Dundy suggests that Spade had the opportunity and motive to kill Thursby, who likely killed Archer. Archer&#39;s widow  believes that Spade shot his partner so he could have her.  Later that morning, Spade meets Wonderly, now calling herself Brigid O&#39;Shaughnessy. She explains that Thursby was her partner and probably killed Archer, but claims to have no idea who killed Thursby. Spade agrees to investigate the murders. At his office, Spade meets Joel Cairo , who first offers him a $5,000 fee to find a &#34;black figure of a bird,&#34; then pulls a gun on him in order to search for it. Spade manages to knock Cairo out and go through his belongings. When Cairo revives, he hires Spade. Later that evening, Spade tells O&#39;Shaughnessy about Cairo. When Cairo shows up, it becomes clear that Spade&#39;s acquaintances know each other. Cairo becomes agitated when O&#39;Shaughnessy reveals that the &#34;Fat Man&#34; is in San Francisco.  In the morning, Spade goes to Cairo&#39;s hotel, where he spots Wilmer , a young man who had been following him earlier. He gives Wilmer a message for his boss, Kasper Gutman , the &#34;Fat Man&#34;. Spade meets Gutman. Gutman begins to talk about the Falcon, but becomes evasive, causing Spade to storm out. Later, Wilmer takes Spade at gunpoint to see Gutman. Spade overpowers Wilmer, but meets with Gutman anyway. Gutman relates the history of the Maltese Falcon. He offers Spade $25,000 for the bird and a quarter of the proceeds from its sale. Then Spade passes out; his drink was spiked. Wilmer, Gutman and Cairo  depart. When Spade awakens, he searches the suite and finds a newspaper with the arrival time of the freighter La Paloma circled. He goes to the dock, only to find the ship on fire, so he returns to his office. A man  clutching a bundle wrapped in newspaper bursts in and staggers toward Spade before dying. The contents of his wallet identify the dead man as Captain Jacobi of the La Paloma. The bundle contains the Maltese Falcon. The phone rings. O&#39;Shaughnessy gives an address and then screams before the line goes dead. Spade stashes the package in a bus terminal baggage room, then goes to the address. It turns out to be an empty lot. Spade returns home and finds O&#39;Shaughnessy hiding in a doorway. He takes her inside, and finds Gutman, Cairo, and Wilmer waiting for him, guns drawn. Gutman gives Spade $10,000 for the Falcon, but Spade tells them that part of his price is someone he can turn over to the police for the murders of Archer, Thursby, and Captain Jacobi. Spade suggests Wilmer as the best choice, since he certainly killed Thursby and Jacobi. After some intense negotiation, Gutman and Cairo agree; Wilmer is knocked out in a scuffle. Spade gets the details of what happened and who killed whom, so that he can present a convincing story to the police along with Wilmer. Just after dawn, Spade calls his secretary, Effie Perrine ([[Lee Patrick , to bring him the bundle. However, when Gutman inspects the black statuette, he discovers that it is a fake. He suggests that he and Cairo return to Istanbul to continue their quest. After they leave, Spade calls the police and tells them where to pick up the pair. Spade then angrily confronts O&#39;Shaughnessy, telling her he knows she killed Archer to implicate Thursby, her unwanted accomplice. O&#39;Shaughnessy cannot believe that Spade would turn her over to the police, but he does, despite his feelings for her."] ['In London, circa 1897, a young Scottish mouse named Olivia Flaversham is celebrating her birthday with her toymaker father, Hiram. Suddenly, Fidget, a crippled bat with a peg leg, bursts in, and after a brief struggle, disappears with Hiram. Fidget takes Hiram to Professor Ratigan who commands him to create a clockwork robot which mimics the Queen of the Mice so Ratigan can rule England. Hiram refuses to take part in the scheme, whereupon Ratigan orders Fidget to capture Olivia so he can feed her to his pet cat, Felicia. Olivia searches to find Basil of Baker Street, a world-famous detective and Ratigan\'s archnemesis. Returning to London after a tour of duty in Afghanistan, Dr. David Q. Dawson stumbles upon Olivia, and helps her find Basil\'s residence. At first, Basil is reluctant, but when Olivia mentions Fidget, Basil realizes his chance to capture Ratigan. Basil and Dawson take Toby, Sherlock Holmes\'s pet dog, to track Fidget\'s scent, where they find him in a toyshop stealing clockwork mechanisms and toy soldiers\' uniforms. Fidget later traps Olivia by ambushing her from inside a toy cradle. Basil and Dawson pursue Fidget, but become entangled and fall behind. While searching the shop, Dawson discovers Fidget\'s checklist, to which Basil does some chemical tests to discover the list came from the riverfront near the Thames. Basil and Dawson disguise themselves as sailors and go into a tavern called the "Rat Trap" and follow Fidget to Ratigan\'s headquarters. They are caught, and Ratigan ties them to a spring-loaded mousetrap connected with a Rube Goldberg machine. Ratigan sets out for Buckingham Palace, where Fidget and his accomplices kidnap the queen. Basil, along with Dawson, deduces the trap\'s weakness and escape just in time. Back at Buckingham Palace, Ratigan forces Hiram to operate the toy Queen, while the real Queen is taken to be fed to Felicia. The toy Queen declares Ratigan the ruler of all Mousedom, and he announces his tyrannical plans for his new "subjects". Just then, Basil, Dawson and Olivia save Hiram and the real Queen, and apprehend Fidget . Basil seizes control of the mechanical queen, making it denounce Ratigan as a fraud and tyrant while breaking into pieces. The crowd, enraged by Ratigan\'s treason, start climbing onto him and defeating his shanty guards . Ratigan frees himself and escapes on his dirigible with Fidget, holding Olivia hostage. Basil, Dawson, and Hiram create their own craft with a matchbox and some small helium-filled balloons, held under the Union Jack. Ratigan throws Fidget  into the Thames River to his death, and then attempts to drive the dirigible himself. Basil jumps on to the dirigible to confront Ratigan, causing him to crash straight into the Big Ben. Inside the clock, Basil manages to get Ratigan\'s cape stuck on some gears and rescues Olivia and safely delivers her to Hiram. Ratigan, however breaks free and nearly kills Basil  until the clock bell strikes 10:00 and Ratigan plunges to his death, taking Basil with him. However, Basil manages to grab the wreckage of Ratigan\'s dirigible and save himself from falling just in time. Back at Baker Street, Basil and Dawson recount their adventures, as well as the queen\'s gratitude for saving her life. Afterwards, the Flavershams leave to catch their train. As Dawson tries to leave, a distraught new client persuades both Basil and Dawson to help her. Finally, Basil proclaims Dawson to be his "trusted associate, Doctor Dawson, with whom I do all my cases".'] ['A private investigator specializing; Glenn Ford in fine arts tries to track down some missing rare biblical scrolls.'] ['A group of very different people live in a hotel in Los Angeles, including the romantically involved Tom Tom  and Eloise . The events that unfold are the result of the death of an important resident; the son  of a billionarie media mogul. His father commissions an FBI agent  to look into his death.'] ['John Rosow ([[Michael Shannon  is an alcoholic private investigator. Suddenly Rosow is given the case of his life when he is hired to tail a man named John Fullmer ([[Frank Wood  on a train. Rosow soon discovers that Fullmer is one of the thousands presumed missing after 9/11, and that the Fullmer has fashioned a new life for himself. As the film progresses, Rosow faces the moral decision to take Fullmer, unwilling, back to his wife in New York, or if he will let Fullmer remain in his fabricated life.'] ["Dr. Karl Kassel  comes to America to rally support for the Nazi cause among German-Americans. He instructs his audience at a German restaurant that the Führer has declared war on the evils of democracy and that as Germans, they should carry out his wishes. Kurt Schneider , an unemployed malcontent, joins the cause and eventually becomes a spy for the group. A letter written by Schneider to a liaison in Scotland is intercepted by a British Military Intelligence officer , leading to the ring's downfall. FBI agent Ed Renard  is assigned to the case, and is able to capture Schneider and extract a confession. Through Schneider, Renard is led to Hilda Kleinhauer , then Kassel's mistress Erika Wolff , and eventually the ringleader himself. While the FBI manages to capture many members of the ring and their accomplices, several, including Kassel, are secretly spirited back to Germany, but some ultimately face a worse fate there. The character and event portrayed by Ward Bond as an American Legionnaire is based on an actual event that occurred in late April 1938 when approximately 30 World War I American Legion Veterans stood up to the Bund in New York City during a celebration of Hitler's birthday. The veterans were severely beaten and later Cecil Schubert, who suffered a fractured skull, was personally recognized by Mayor La Guardia for his bravery. After the Duquesne Spy Ring was rounded up and convicted in 1941, this was no longer an idea that could be considered propaganda but a warning about what could and did happen in the US before and during the war. In 1946, Robinson appeared in a post-war anti-Nazi film, The Stranger."] ['A group of detectives, each accompanied by a relative or associate, is invited to "dinner and a murder" by the mysterious Lionel Twain . Having lured his guests to his mansion  managed by a blind butler and a deaf-mute cook, Twain announces that it is in fact he who is the greatest detective in the world. In order to prove his claim, he challenges the guests to solve a murder which will take place in the house at midnight that very night; a reward of $1 million will be presented to the winner. Before midnight, the butler is found dead, and at midnight Twain himself appears, also dead; the cook is discovered to have been an animated mannequin, now packed in a storage crate. The party spends the rest of the evening investigating, dining and bickering. They are manipulated by a mysterious behind-the-scenes force, confused by red herrings, baffled by the "mechanical marvel" that is Twain\'s house and ultimately find their own lives threatened. The ending piles on twist after twist as each sleuth presents his or her theory on the case. After a brutal night during which one pair is almost killed by a snake, another by a scorpion, another by a falling ceiling, a fourth by poison gas and the fifth by a bomb, they all collect in the office where the butler—believed to have been murdered earlier—is sitting behind the desk very much alive and not at all blind: "The butler did it". However, each detective then claims that the butler is in fact various incarnations of Twain\'s associates  or even his daughter. At first the butler plays the part of each of the persons with whom he\'s identified, but then pulls off a mask to reveal Lionel Twain himself, very much alive. Twain then disparages each of the detectives  for the way in which the plots in their adventures have been handled, including: introducing crucial characters at the last minute for the traditional "twist in the tale"  and withholding clues and information that made it impossible for the reader to find out who had done it. None of the detectives walks away with the million dollars. It is not clear whether any murder has actually taken place. In the last spoken line of the movie, Sydney Wang, when asked if there had been a murder or not, replies "Yes; killed good weekend!" After the guests leave, Twain pulls off another mask, revealing "himself" to be Yetta, the cook.'] ['A charity benefit sponsored by David Thayer is staged aboard the S.S. Fortune, Phil Brant\'s gambling ship. The entertainment is provided by a jazz band led by Tommy Drake and featuring singer Fran Page and talented but unstable clarinetist Buddy Hollis. After a set, Drake informs a displeased Brant that he is quitting, having gotten a much better booking through Mitchell Talbin. However, Drake has a problem; he owes gangster Al Amboy $12,000. When Amboy  hears the news, he demands full payment that very night. Drake begs Talbin to give him an advance, but Talbin is unwilling to part with such a large sum. In desperation, Drake sneaks into Brant\'s office and opens the safe. However, he is shot from behind and killed. Brant and socialite Janet Thayer elope, since her father David disapproves of Brant\'s lower class background. The next morning, they show up at Nick and Nora Charles\'s apartment, having learned that Brant is the prime suspect in the murder. When a bullet narrowly misses Brant, Nick turns him in to the police, having decided it is safer for all concerned. Then Nick starts investigating. Sneaking aboard the Fortune, Nick discovers on the back side of a sheet of music a receipt signed by Amboy acknowledging that Drake\'s debt had been paid. Nick then runs into Drake\'s band, allowed back on board to collect their instruments. When he questions them, he learns that the bandleader had many enemies, among them Buddy Hollis. Musician Clarence "Clinker" Krause agrees to help Nick track Buddy down, but they have no luck. Nick and Nora visit a hostile Janet. The bullet that killed Drake likely came from an antique gun, and Nick knows Janet\'s father is an avid collector. Sure enough, he finds one gun missing from Mr. Thayer\'s collection. Janet leaves after getting a telephone call. Nick and Nora follow her to Fran\'s apartment. There they find Fran\'s body; she was stabbed in the back very recently. Janet claims Fran called to sell her some information, but that she got there after Fran was killed. Nick finds a matchbook from a hotel in Poughkeepsie. That eventually leads him to a rest home where Buddy is undergoing treatment. The musician is too badly shaken up to answer Nick\'s questions, though Nora\'s presence seems to calm him down. When Nora sneaks back later by herself, Buddy becomes agitated, confesses to the murder, pulls out a gun, and tries to shoot Nora. Fortunately, he misses. Nick does not believe the deranged man\'s confession; Drake was slain by a well-aimed shot. Nick decides to gather all the suspects together by arranging a party on the reopened Fortune and announcing that Buddy has fully recovered and will reveal the real murderer\'s identity that night. It is Nora who notices the vital clue. Amboy\'s wife shows up wearing a valuable necklace that matches the earrings of Mitchell Talbin\'s wife Phyllis. Sometime later, the necklace mysteriously reappears on Phyllis\'s neck. When Nick confronts Mitchell, Phyllis reveals that it was she who paid off her lover Drake\'s debt using the necklace. As Nick prompts Buddy to finger the killer, Mitchell finally confesses to both killings and pulls out a gun. An enraged Phyllis shoots him first, but her husband is only wounded. Then, despite Nick\'s pleas, she fires again and again, finishing the job.'] ["Although it is based on Conan Doyle's characters, the story is an original one, which has the famous detective on the trail of Jack the Ripper. In the dark alleys of nineteenth century London, the notorious Jack the Ripper committed a series of gruesome murders. The story of A Study in Terror challenges Sherlock Holmes to solve these horrific crimes. This leads Holmes through a trail of aristocracy, blackmail, and family insanity. Unlike Scotland Yard, and the real-life story, Holmes exposes the identity of the Ripper."] ["Police friend Lieutenant Riggs  takes detective Mr. Moto and son Lee Chan  to see a prizefight between Bill Steele  and Frank Stanton , where the winner will get a chance at the champion, Biff Moran . However, the fight is fixed and gangster Nick Crowder  bets big money that Stanton won't make it to the fifth round. He goes down in the fourth and dies shortly afterward. Bookie Clipper McCoy  loses a fortune. Mr. Moto proves that it was murder and it is revealed that another $100,000 has been won in bets around the country against Stanton. Mr. Moto works with Lt. Riggs to solve the murder as the championship fight looms. Comedy is provided by Wellington , a kleptomaniac, and Lee Chan. Love interest comes from   and  . Mr. Moto has promised to reveal who the murderer is on the night of the big fight, but the murderer has plans, too, with a hidden gun set up to kill Mr Moto. The film also features ([[John Hamilton  as Philip Benton."] ['The film revolves around the smuggling of narcotics between Marseilles, France and New York City, USA. In Marseilles a policeman is staking out Alain Charnier , a French criminal who is smuggling heroin from France to the United States. The policeman is assassinated by Charnier\'s henchman, Pierre Nicoli . In New York, detectives James "Popeye" Doyle  and Buddy "Cloudy" Russo  are conducting an undercover stakeout in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn. After seeing a drug transaction take place in a bar, Russo goes in to make an arrest and the suspect makes a break for it. After catching up with their suspect and delivering a severe beating after the suspect cuts Russo on the arm with a knife, the detectives aggressively interrogate the man, forcing him to reveal where his connection is based. After Russo\'s injury is treated, Doyle convinces him to go out for a drink. At the Copacabana, Doyle becomes interested in Salvatore "Sal" Boca  and his young wife, Angie , who are entertaining Mob members involved in narcotics. Doyle persuades his partner to tail the couple; although the Bocas run a modest newsstand luncheonette, they have criminal records: Sal is said to have held up Tiffany and also killed "a guy named DeMarco" while Angie drew a suspended sentence for shoplifting and Sal\'s brother Lou served jail time for assault and robbery. They make nearly nightly trips to several nightclubs, as well as drive several new cars, which indicate they may be involved in criminal activity. A link is established between the Bocas and lawyer Joel Weinstock , who is rumored to have connections in the narcotics underworld; Doyle and Russo allude to a drug shipment from Mexico bankrolled by Weinstock. Doyle and Russo roust a bar in their precinct, where the majority of the black patrons are in possession of marijuana and other minor drugs. The rousting is a stunt for Doyle to connect with an informant, whom he questions about an apparent shortage of hard drugs on the street; Doyle is told that a major shipment of heroin is on its way. The detectives convince their supervisor, Walt Simonson , to wiretap the Bocas\' phones and use several ruses to try to obtain more information. The film centers on three main points: the criminals\' efforts to smuggle drugs into the United States, which is made easier when Charnier dupes his friend, a French actor named Henri Devereaux , into importing an automobile  and the sale of the drugs to Weinstock and Sal Boca; the efforts of Doyle and Russo to shadow Boca and Charnier; and the conflicts the detectives have with Simonson and a federal agent named Mulderig , assigned to the case due to the wiretap. Doyle and Mulderig dislike each other; Russo and Doyle feel they can handle the bust without the government\'s help, and Mulderig criticizes Doyle on items ranging from trivialities like Doyle\'s appearance to an incident where a policeman was killed and Mulderig holds Doyle responsible. Doyle comes to blows with Mulderig. Weinstock\'s chemist  tests a sample of the heroin and declares it the purest he has ever seen, establishing that the shipment could make as much as $32 million on a half-million dollar investment. Boca is impatient to make the purchase , while Weinstock, with more experience in smuggling, urges patience, knowing Boca\'s phone is tapped and that they are being investigated. Charnier soon "makes" Doyle and realizes he has been observed since his arrival in New York. Nicoli offers to kill Doyle; Charnier objects, knowing killing one policeman will not amount to anything, but Nicoli says they will be in France before they can be detained. Nicoli attempts to assassinate Doyle, but botches the job, leading to a car chase scene that culminates with Nicoli\'s hijacking an elevated train. Nicoli, after killing a policeman who was pursuing him, holds the driver at gunpoint. Near the end of the line Nicoli is confronted by passengers and the motorman passes out. The train reaches the end of the line and is halted by a safety mechanism on the tracks. Nicoli escapes the train and Doyle shoots him when he attempts to escape. The car containing the drugs is impounded when some thieves try to strip it of its valuables. Doyle and Russo take the car apart searching for drugs. When Russo notes the vehicle is 120 pounds over its listed weight, they realize the drugs must still be in the car. The mechanic tells them he did not remove the car\'s rocker panels; when he does, the drugs are discovered. The police later return the car to Devereaux, seemingly untouched. It seems as though the drug deal has been a major success; Weinstock\'s chemist tests one of the bags and confirms its quality. Using a car that Sal Boca\'s brother Lou  picked out, the criminals conceal the money. The car is to be imported into France, where Charnier will retrieve the money. Charnier and Sal Boca drive off, but run into a roadblock consisting of a large force of police led by Doyle. The police chase Charnier and Sal Boca to an old factory. Sal is killed during a shootout with the police and almost all of the others surrender. Charnier escapes into the warehouse and Doyle hunts for him. Russo joins in the search. Doyle, trigger-happy and high on adrenaline, sees a shadowy figure in the distance and empties his revolver at it a split-second after shouting a warning. The man Doyle kills is not Charnier, but Mulderig. Doyle seems unfazed and vows to capture Charnier, reloading his gun and running into another room. The last sound heard in the film is a single gunshot.  Title cards before the closing credits note that Joel Weinstock and Angie Boca got away without prison time while Lou Boca got a reduced sentence and Devereaux served four years. Charnier was never caught. Both Doyle and Russo were transferred out of the narcotics division and reassigned.'] ['The film begins with Moriarty and Holmes verbally sparring on the steps outside the Old Bailey where Moriarty has just been acquitted on a charge of murder due to lack of evidence. Holmes remarks, "You\'ve a magnificent brain, Moriarty. I admire it. I admire it so much I\'d like to present it, pickled in alcohol, to the London Medical Society". "It would make an impressive exhibit", replies Moriarty. Later Holmes and Watson are visited at 221B Baker Street by Ann Brandon . She tells him that her brother Lloyd has received a strange note - a drawing of a man with an albatross hanging around his neck - identical to one received by her father just before his brutal murder ten years before. Holmes deduces that the note is a warning and rushes to find Lloyd Brandon. However he is too late, as Lloyd has been murdered by being strangled and having his skull crushed. Holmes investigates and attends a garden party, disguised as a music-hall entertainer, where he correctly believes an attempt will be made on Ann\'s life. Hearing her cries from a nearby park he captures her assailant, who turns out to be Gabriel Mateo, out for revenge on the Brandons for the murder of his father by Ann\'s father in a dispute over ownership of their South American mine. His murder weapon was a bolas. Mateo also reveals that it was Moriarty who urged him to seek revenge. Holmes realises that Moriarty is using the case as a distraction from his real crime, a crime that will stir the British Empire - an attempt to steal the Crown Jewels. Holmes rushes to the Tower of London to prevent the crime, and during a struggle Moriarty falls, presumably to his death. In the end, Ann is married and Holmes tries to shoo a fly by playing his violin, only to have Watson swat it with his newspaper remarking, "Elementary, my dear Holmes, elementary."Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] ['Portly amateur detective Runyan is hired by dental nurse Adams to investigate the unexplained murder of her boss. Suspicion falls on disappeared patient Clark, who had been helped by probable gangster Gordon. Runyan finds Boyd, Clark’s former lover and briefly his wife, who reveals that Clark had done time in jail. The police tell Runyan it was for robbery of half a million unrecovered dollars. In jail, Clark had a cellmate Deets, with whom he shared everything. On release, Deets had claimed Clark’s share of the loot from Gordon and had promised to eliminate Clark, whose corpse he left in a burnt-out truck. When he realised Clark had been having dental treatment, so his teeth could be identified, he killed first the unfortunate dentist and then the nurse as well. Runyan tracks him down and in a final shoot-out he meets his end.'] ["When a prominent racehorse owner winds up dead-allegedly kicked to death by his prized stallion, Charlie Chan is called in to investigate. But when the indomitable detective discovers evidence of foul play, he's soon hot on the hooves of an international gambling ring with an evil plot to turn the racetracks of the world into a trifecta of terror!"] ['In the opening scene, John Hay Forrest , noted scientist and cheesemaker, dies in a single-vehicle car accident (represented by the car wreck scene from [[Keeper of the Flame . In the next scene, private investigator Rigby Reardon  is reading a newspaper when Forrest\'s daughter, Juliet , enters his office and faints when the paper\'s headline reminds her of her father\'s death. Upon coming to, she hires Rigby to investigate the death, which she thinks was murder. In Dr. Forrest\'s lab, Rigby finds two lists, one titled "Friends of Carlotta" and the other "Enemies of Carlotta", as well as an affectionately autographed photo of singer Kitty Collins, whose name appears on one of the lists. His search is interrupted by a man posing as an exterminator , who shoots Rigby in the arm and frisks the lists from the supposedly dead investigator. Rigby manages to find his way to Juliet\'s house, where she sucks out the bullet, snakebite-style, and points Rigby to the club at which Kitty sings. Juliet also reveals a note to her father from her alcoholic brother-in-law, Sam Hastings, which in turn reveals that Dr. Forrest gave him a dollar bill "for safekeeping". Despite warnings that the mentally disturbed Leona will not be of much use, Rigby calls Leona, who after a rambling discussion, hangs up . On the way out, Juliet asks Rigby to leave further news with her butler or cleaning woman. Mention of the latter causes Rigby to go berserk , due to his own father running off with the cleaning woman and his mother dying of a broken heart. Rigby tracks down alcoholic Sam (Ray Milland, from [[The Lost Weekend  and gets Dr. Forrest\'s dollar, which has "FOC"  names scrawled on it — including Kitty Collins and Swede Anderson . Rigby tracks down Kitty Collins (Ava Gardner, from [[The Killers  at the Brentwood Room. He asks if she\'s one of Carlotta\'s friends, which causes her to leave abruptly. He trails her to a restaurant, where she ditches her brooch into her soup. Rigby subsequently retrieves the brooch, which contains an "EOC" list, on which all names are crossed out, except Swede Anderson\'s. Rigby visits Swede  but while Rigby prepares a "java", Swede is killed. Rigby is also shot, causing Juliet to suck out another bullet. Rigby calls Marlowe (Humphrey Bogart, from [[The Big Sleep , his mentor, for assistance. Juliet hands over a key from Dr. Forrest\'s desk, a key to a train station locker. The accompanying note, "most recent rat", tells Rigby to look for locker 1936, the last Chinese Year of the Rat. Rigby and the Field Marshal compete about the right to explain what happened. It turns out that Dr. Forrest had been tricked into divulging a secret cheese mold by Nazis posing as a humanitarian organization. Once he discovered their true intent, to use the mold\'s corrosive properties to destroy America and make a comeback, he assembled a list of Nazi agents, the "Friends of Carlotta". Before he could divulge the names to the FBI, he was abducted and his death faked to prevent a police investigation. The Immer Essen, a cruise ship passing by, witnessed the corrosive effects of the mold tests, making all passengers "Enemies of Carlotta" and targets for murder. Rigby is captured but Juliet gets the Field Marshal to say "cleaning woman", causing Rigby to go berserk, break his chains and overpower the Nazis. While Juliet gets Rodriguez, the Field Marshal manages to pull one of the switches, destroying Terre Haute, Indiana, before being shot dead by Rigby. Rodriguez rounds up the other Nazis while Rigby shares a long kiss with Juliet.'] ['At the request of Inspector Lestrade , Sherlock Holmes  investigates a double murder at the Strand Theatre, with the assistance of Dr John Watson .'] ['Captain Duncan "Mac" Maclain is a formidable private detective who happens to be blind; but his other senses are sharper than average. He copes with his sight deficiency by being accompanied by a dog named Friday and a human assistant named Marty. Mac is asked by his friend Norma to break up a romantic relationship between her seventeen year old step-daughter Barbara and a fifty year old actor. Mac finds the lover has been murdered and detects his body has been removed from the scene of the crime. The murder leads him into an Axis spy ring.  In the novel, Mac is a Government Intelligence Agent.'] ["Joseph  a retired New York police officer and Holocaust survivor, travels to Nuremberg to visit his son Ronnie  years after turning his back on him for rejecting a promising career in the NYPD and marrying a local artist, Anna . No sooner does Joseph attempt to heal the rift with Ronnie then he swears that living in the apartment above, under the false name of Shrager, is the now aging SS Commander  who slaughtered his entire family during World War II. With little hope of seeing him stand trial, Joseph talks Ronnie into exacting justice - and vengeance - and together they set out to kill him. Flashbacks reveal the teenage love of Young Joseph  for a heroic Polish girl, Kashka  and his narrow escape from the massacre, leading to the film's climax."] ['The film begins with a title card describing Holmes and Watson as "ageless", as an explanation as to why the film is set in the 1940s rather than Holmes\' era of 1881–1914, as the preceding 20th Century Fox films were. Though there is a nod to the classic Holmes in a scene where Holmes and Watson are leaving 221b Baker Street, and Holmes picks up his deerstalker. Watson protests, and Holmes reluctantly puts on a fedora instead. Holmes is called into the "Inner Council" of British Intelligence by Sir Evan Barham ([[Reginald Denny , to assist in stopping Nazi saboteurs operating in Britain, whose activities are announced in advance in radio broadcasts by "The Voice of Terror". Gavin ([[Robert Barron , one of Holmes\'s operatives, is killed with a German dagger in his back. Before he dies, Gavin utters the word "Christopher." Later, Holmes and Watson go to the Limehouse district of London, where they meet with Gavin\'s wife Kitty . Holmes tells the council that, through the use of an oscilloscope to carefully analyze and compare sound wave patterns from radio broadcasts of live vs. pre-recorded voices, he has determined that "The Voice of Terror" is actually recorded on phonograph records in England, but broadcast from Germany. Using a tip from Kitty, Holmes and Watson go to the old Christopher Docks, where they are followed by Sir Anthony Lloyd  of the council. The three men are captured by a group of Nazi spies led by a man named Meade , although Meade manages to escape through a trap door to a waiting speedboat. Kitty pretends to be a thief on the run and joins Meade. She finds out that Meade plans to go to Sir Evan\'s country estate that night. There Holmes and Sir Evan watch a German plane attempt to land, but gunshots fired by Sir Evan disrupt the Nazi rendezvous, all the while Meade hides in the dark. After one of Holmes informants traces Meade and Kitty to the south coast of England, Holmes forces the council to go there with him. With the support of British troopers, Holmes captures Meade and a group of German soldiers stationed in an abandoned church. There he reveals the true identity of "The Voice of Terror" as Sir Evan Barham, who happens to be an impostor. Holmes then reveals that in World War I, the real Barham was a prisoner in a German war camp and had an uncanny resemblance to a Heinrich Von Bork, a member of the German Secret Service; one day the real Barham was taken out executed; the gentleman who called Holmes into the case was Von Bork himself who had posing as Barham for 24 years; Holmes then adds that Barham had no immediate family, so his private life was well studied by Von Bork, who also studied at Oxford and had knowledge of the English language and manners. So, with a little help of plastic surgery, not to mention the resemblance to Barham in the first place, the deception was carried out thoroughly. Holmes also concludes that the real Sir Evan Barham carried a scar from childhood, the one Von Bork carried from plastic surgery was approximately 20 years old - the clue that gave away the fact that he was an impostor. Holmes then informs the spies that the German invasion force has been destroyed. The angry Meade shoots and fatally wounds Kitty, but is killed himself as he attempts to escape. The Council stand around the murdered Kitty and swear that her heroic death will not be in vain. The film ends with a direct quote from "His Last Bow": :Watson: It\'s a lovely morning, Holmes. :Holmes: There\'s an East wind coming, Watson. :Watson: I don\'t think so. Looks like another warm day. :Holmes: Good old Watson. The one fixed point in a changing age. But there\'s an East wind coming all the same. Such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter, Watson, and a good many of us may wither before its blast. But it\'s God\'s own wind none the less. And a greener, better, stronger land will be in the sunshine when the wind is cleared.Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] 