['Paul  is a projectionist in a Detroit theater who is reading about the 16th century disappearance of the Roanoke Colony when the lights suddenly go out in the theater. He finds that all the staff and patrons have mysteriously vanished, leaving only their clothes and non-biological parts behind. He comes across a security guard who is holding a flashlight. As Paul had a headlamp on for his reading they deduce that people holding sources of light are protected against whatever dwells in the darkness. The guard\'s flashlight goes out, and he vanishes. As Paul investigates, his head lamp goes out as well. The following morning, news reporter Luke  wakes to find that there is no power in the building. After descending from his apartment, he notices that the doorman is missing and the paper is still the previous day\'s edition. People have completely vanished from downtown streets, now littered with abandoned cars and pieces of clothing. He heads to the news station to find his girlfriend, and it is later revealed that he discovered a recording which shows his girlfriend vanishing on air when the lights go out. The only thing he is able to recover is her ring. Three days pass, and Luke is alone trying to scavenge flashlight batteries or other sources of light. He briefly encounters a man who is taken by the darkness, before coming across a bar being powered by a backup generator. The bartender\'s young son, James , allows Luke to enter, followed soon after by another survivor, Rosemary . Rosemary proves distant due to the trauma of her baby disappearing during the blackout, while James is convinced that his mother is at a church down the street and will soon return. They hear a man outside, and see Paul, who has mysteriously ended up under the lit sign of a bus stop across the road. Luke leaves the safety of the bar to recover him and Paul reveals that he had been taken by the darkness, but the headlight that he had on had activated and he had found himself in the street three days later. Due to Paul\'s massive concussion, Rosemary says that they need to find a hospital, and Luke suggests going to Chicago, where he saw a recording of a man just before the power went out at the news station three days prior. Paul tells them about the mystery of the Roanoke Colony where over a hundred settlers disappeared overnight, and they seem to be experiencing the same sort of occurrence. He tells them that the word "CROATOAN" was found carved into a tree at the site of the empty colony when the next ship arrived. With the generator running down due to extended use, they realize it is only a matter of time before the power goes out on them. Luke comes up with a plan to take one of the nearly dead trucks on the street and feed power to it with the generator. He and Rosemary leave to obtain one, nearly getting caught in the darkness when the vehicle breaks down and they lose the light. Rosemary hears a baby crying in the dark, ignoring Luke\'s warnings that it is the darkness trying to trick her, she is lured under a solitary street light, and the lamp goes out taking her with it. At the bar, James goes to get Paul some water, and the drain on the power causes the lights to flash out. Wearing a glow-stick necklace, James is safe, but Paul vanishes from the pool table on which he is lying. Luke manages to push a truck back to the bar, and he escapes with James use the generator to get the truck started. As they pass the church up the block, James gets out to find his mother. Luke leaves, but after a conflict of conscience, and seeing the word "CROATOAN" carved into a sign hanging off a bridge, he returns, using the high beams from the truck to fend off the darkness. When Luke gets out of the truck to get James, the car battery dies and Luke too disappears. As James cowers under the glow of candles, which begin to go out, he pleads with the darkness "I exist." and all but one candle goes out. James wakes to daylight and sees the last candle had been burning all night. A little girl, Briana , appears and insists that James is sleeping on her bed, but urges him to stay with her. She shows him her flashlight, which is solar powered, allowing it to stay on all night without having to search for new batteries. As they leave the church, they encounter a police horse eating spilled apples on the ground and decide to take it to Chicago. As the sun sets on the children leaving the city, the camera pans to the bar, casting the shadows of Luke, Paul and Rosemary watching the two leave as the darkness falls. As it gets dark, Briana\'s light comes on, ensuring their protection against the darkness as they begin their journey.'] ['The USS Charleston  in On the Beach is a 688i variant of the Los Angeles-class and is equipped with a caterpillar drive. The Morse code signal picked up by the submarine crew in the original novel and film was updated to an automated digital broadcast powered by a solar-powered laptop computer. The nuclear war was preceded by a standoff between the United States and the People\'s Republic of China, after the latter blockaded and later invaded Taiwan.<ref namehttp://www.hmsrichmond.org/dict_b.htm |titleHmsrichmond.org |date2012-09-18}} The novel took its title from a fragment of T. S. Eliot\'s poem The Hollow Men.Shute, Nevil. "On The Beach". William Morrow and Company, NY, NY, 1957.'] ["The film follows multiple characters' lives and dilemmas in the months leading to the 1984 Union Carbide industrial disaster in Bhopal, India, also known as Bhopal gas tragedy. This was the biggest industrial disaster in human history that killed around 2,500 people in roughly two weeks starting the night of 3 December 1984. At least 25,000 people are estimated to have died in the years after the disaster.<ref namehttp://www.first14.com/bhopal-gas-tragedy-92-injuries-termed-minor-822.html|accessdateFirst14 News|dateAK Dubey|archiveurl26 June 2010}}"] ['"Blackie" Norton , a saloonkeeper and gambler in the notorious Barbary Coast, owns the Paradise Club on Pacific Street. He hires a promising but impoverished classically-trained singer from Benson, Colorado named Mary Blake , who becomes a star attraction at the Paradise. The Professor  can tell Mary has a professionally trained voice. Mat  feels Mary is not going to stay on the "Coast." Complications arise when she is offered an opportunity to sing in the opera. Mary is hired by the Tivoli Opera House on Market Street. She becomes involved with Nob Hill scion Jack Burley ([[Jack Holt . Meanwhile, Blackie\'s childhood friend, Roman Catholic Father Tim Mullen , keeps trying to reform him, while the other nightclub owners attempt to convince Norton to run for the City and County of San Francisco Board of Supervisors in order to protect their crooked interests. Norton knocks out a heckler during a speech in Golden Gate Park. Blackie wants to stop Mary singing at the Tivoli, but when he hears her, he does not stop the opera. Mary meets Burley\'s mother  at her Nob Hill mansion. She tells Mary that she started out as Massie, the washerwoman in 1850 on Portsmouth Square and then she married the elder Burley. Despite Father Tim\'s best efforts, Blackie remains a jaunty Barbary Coast atheist. However, Father Tim tells Mary that it was Blackie who paid for the new church organ. Mary returns to the Paradise and is dressed in a skimpy fashion; Father Tim takes her from the Paradise and Blackie. On order of Burley, April 17, 1906 the San Francisco Police Department padlocks the Paradise. Mary sings the song San Francisco and wins the Chicken\'s Ball for the Paradise; but Blackie refuses the prize money. Then, at 5:13 a.m. April 18, 1906, the earthquake hits and then the fires erupt. The water mains are broken. Mat has been taken from the destroyed Hall of Justice on Washington Street; a nurse tells Blackie Mat will not survive as Mat says he was wrong about Mary. Blackie goes to Nob Hill and sees Mrs. Burley  as the US Army troops from the Presidio prepare to blow up the mansions to create firebreaks. Father Tim takes Blackie to Golden Gate Park. Blackie sinks to his knees and finds God upon discovering that Mary survived. Men yell, "The fire\'s out!" and "We\'ll build a new San Francisco!" The people  march from Golden Gate Park, arm-in-arm, singing The Battle Hymn of the Republic, and the smoldering ruins dissolve into the "modern" San Francisco of the mid 1930\'s.'] ['A solar probe is operated by a fictional installation, the Solar and Near Earth Laboratory . Soon, a large CME disables the probe while it was getting data. Later, a multi-millionaire, Lucas Foster , funds a program to fight global warming. It is discovered that the methane in the atmosphere has risen to 5% of its composition. However, a manned spaceplane, Galieo gets caught in the CME and is destroyed, and the tragedy is blamed on bad Russian equipment. However, it is later discovered that a CME caused it. Moreover, there are multiple CMEs that are bound to hit Earth, and that will ignite the methane and suffocate all life on Earth. The CMEs also knock satellites out of orbit, turning them into deadly meteors. During the movie, a CME hits New Zealand, turning it into a huge pool of molten rock. Foster, a knowledgeable scientist, tries to convince his skeptic colleagues, who do not believe him until it is too late. Because of this, the government is not keen on believing Foster either, including fellow scientist Joanna Parks, who is his ex-wife. While the CMEs strike, it is determined that 25-megaton nuclear missiles will be fired at the North Pole to release vapor that will extinguish the methane flares. Fortunately, Foster personally knows a Russian submarine captain who reluctantly lets him on the ship. Foster explains that while satellite communication is cut, the sub can communicate via a transatlantic telegraph cable at 800m deep. The submarine is only designed to dive to 700m, but the captain tells his reluctant lieutenant to do so anyway. The submarine survives with minor damage. Communication commences between the captain and the Russian president. The Russian president, who has been informed of the situation by the American president, tells the captain to go ahead with the plan. Meanwhile, the submarine has detected an American submarine, but not wanting to be detected, the Russian sub goes into silent running. Before the missiles are launched, the uncooperative lieutenant threatens the captain at gunpoint, but Foster wrestles the gun from him and the lieutenant is detained. Just then, the Russian sub is detected by the Americans, who threaten to use force if the Russian submarine does not surrender. The captain launches the missiles anyway and the American submarine fires two torpedoes. The Russian submarine releases countermeasures that destroy the torpedoes, and the process is repeated, although the Russian submarine takes damage. The Americans realize that the Russian sub is friendly after discovering the presence of Foster. The missiles arrive at the ice caps and the Earth is saved. At the end, Parks and Foster hug, and he makes a comment about going "down the aisle," implying that they may renew their romantic relationship and re-marry.'] ['Through his Atmospheric Research Institute, Robert Terrell  has finally fulfilled his lifelong dream of completing "weather creation" technology, which has been a landmark event. However, during a test run, a team composed of Dr. Jonathan Kirk, Carly Meyers and Dr. Jack Hoffman send a blast of energy into the ionosphere, driving the planet into unexpected natural disasters. The experiment also causes a damage of the weather control laboratory which causes the police led by the detective Devon Williams to begin the investigation. Dr. Jonathan Kirk  is the only one to intervene and demand that the system be destroyed, but Terrell denies his requests, pushing his team forward. As a result, Dr. Kirk contacts news reporter Danni Wilson  to help him expose the secrecy and lies — which turns out to be Terrell working with Army General Braxton  to use the technology as a key military weapon instead of for philanthropic reasons, as initially claimed — of Terrell and the events that are unfolding. General Braxton, however, has ordered hit men to murder Dr. Kirk as he works his way to shutdown the technology and save humanity. The hit men murder Danni first and make it look like she was killed by Dr. Kirk so he is immediately considered a prime suspect and arrested. However, Det. Williams begins to doubt that he is the murderer. To show the importance of the discovery to General Braxton, Terrell orders the team to create a huge storm in Afghanistan which disables the Afghan rebels. But another blast of energy to the ionosphere only makes the situation worse and a strong hurricane appears over the Pacific, heading to Peru. The team then manages to redirect the hurricane away from the coast but then several hurricanes start to endanger the U.S. mainland, the largest being headed to Los Angeles. After escaping the hit men again Dr. Kirk is captured by Stillman from the military intelligence who knows many things about the weather experiment. He shows Dr. Kirk the hole in the ionosphere which is the cause of the extreme weather around the world and offers him a help to develop a method to reverse the damage of the ionosphere. After Dr. Kirk succeeds Stillman admits he was a bait set by Terrell to get Dr. Kirk back and tries to shoot him but he defeats Stillman and calls Det. Williams to join him during the visit of the lab. The hit men appear again and begin shooting at them but are killed by Det. Williams in the shootout. As the Pentagon cancels the funding of the research for causing uncontrollable weather changes General Braxton pushes Terrell to stop the violent weather by all means necessary but the research team has no idea how to settle the things without making it worse. Facing the imminent catastrophe, Terrell stops pushing the team, allowing them to do whatever they want. Dr. Kirk arrives in time to apply his method to fix the hole in the ionosphere. The action is successful but Terrell who sees the solution for the problem changes his mind and aims a gun at the team. He is then shot by Det. Williams and General Braxton is arrested for causing a global danger but commits a suicide.'] ['The Soviet Union has dissolved into what is now Russia. Out of chaos comes a mysterious virus that eventually kills everyone who is exposed to it. The virus eventually reaches the United States through Boston, and the city is quarantined. A wall is built, cutting Boston off from the "mainland." All foreign immigrants are barred from entering the US since they may be carriers of the virus. The only people allowed out of the city are those with special passports, only available to those working with a government agency or through the black market. Officer Delon  is a mother who desperately needs to get away from the quarantined city. She is about to give her son a black-market passport to the safe-zone when she is called in to duty. A gang has been slaughtered by some kind of creature and the police are investigating. The monster has superhuman abilities including speed and strength. The team of police officers, including Delon and Lemieux , are sent into the sewer system to capture or kill the creature. Slowly, the team is killed off one by one until only Delon and Lemieux remain. Delon stumbles across a team of scientists sent to kill the creature themselves. They know the creature is the source of the deadly virus and if it is not killed, it will "explode" and spread the virus all over Boston. Delon is then captured by the creature, along with two others. Delon eventually manages to kick the creature into unconscious in order to gain enough time to break her restrains, grab a pistol and kill it with numerous shots. Delon is later rewarded with two passports to the safe-zone, one for her and for her son.'] ['Ex-fighter pilot and taxi driver Ted Striker  became traumatized during an unnamed war, leading to his fear of flying. As a result, he is unable to hold a responsible job and his wartime girlfriend, Elaine Dickinson , now a stewardess, leaves him. To win her back, Striker overcomes his fear and boards a flight from Los Angeles to Chicago that she is serving on. During the flight, Elaine rebuffs his attempts to win her back over. After dinner is served, many of the passengers fall ill, and fellow passenger Dr. Barry Rumack  quickly realizes that the fish dinner gave some passengers food poisoning. The stewards discover that the cockpit crew, including pilot Clarence Oveur  and co-pilot Roger Murdock , have all come down with food poisoning, leaving no one aboard to fly the plane. Elaine contacts the Chicago control tower for help, and is instructed by tower supervisor Steve McCroskey  to activate the plane\'s autopilot, a large inflatable doll named "Otto Pilot", which will get them to Chicago, but will not be able to land the plane. Rumack convinces Ted to fly the plane, though Ted feels unable to handle the pressure and the unfamiliar aircraft. McCroskey knows that he must get someone else to help talk the plane down and calls Rex Kramer . Kramer was Ted\'s commanding officer in the war, and despite their dislike, would be the best choice to instruct Striker. As the plane nears Chicago, Ted becomes increasingly stressed and can only land the plane after a pep talk from Dr. Rumack. Furthermore, lightning storms strike the plane, disabling some of its engines. With Kramer\'s stream of advice, Ted is able to overcome his fears and engine troubles and safely land the plane with only minor injuries to some passengers. Ted\'s courage rekindles Elaine\'s love for him, and the two share a kiss while Otto takes off in the evacuated plane after inflating a female companion.'] ['Ben Wilson  is a widower haunted by the death of his wife, who has been killed in a freak car accident. He has recently returned to his home town and purchased an old guest house on the outskirts of town, which he is renovating with his young daughter Hillary . When local bus driver Oscar arrives with a tour group from "South California", their leader insists on renting out the rooms at the guest house, pointedly rejecting Ben\'s suggestion that they could stay at his friends\' large hotel in the middle of town. Wilson soon begins to note their peculiar behaviour, manner and dress and Oscar points out the fact that, while they purport to be tourists, they do not carry cameras or take photographs. Shortly after they settle into their rooms another stranger, Quish ([[David Wells , arrives to join the group, and Ben notices the odd fact that Quish\'s clothes have a fine covering of ash. Ben\'s suspicions are heightened by events of the next day. Quish has a minor accident while walking through the town and Wilson helps him, in the process recovering Quish\'s dropped American passport. Looking through it, Ben discovers that the stamps within include locations inside the United States and dates that are many decades apart. The local doctor then shows Ben an X-ray of Quish\'s head, which reveals that there is a mysterious object embedded in his skull. As they leave the surgery, Wilson confronts Quish, having deduced that the stamps correspond to the times and places of famous disasters, including the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, the crash of the Hindenburg and the Mt St. Helens volcanic eruption . Unnerved, Quish will only respond by warning Wilson to leave town immediately and not return until he is sure it is safe. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to Ben, his vengeful father-in-law, Judge Caldwell  &mdash; who blames Ben for his daughter\'s death &mdash; has secretly arranged to have Hilary taken away from Ben on the grounds that he is an unfit parent. When Ben returns home he finds Hilary gone and confronts the Judge but is threatened with arrest; defeated, he goes to stay at the local hotel. There he visited by Reeve, one of the Tourists, who confirms his suspicions about their true nature: they are time-travellers from the future who visit the scenes of famous disasters as part of a "Grand Tour" of the past. She then gives Ben a euphoric substance and seduces him, leaving him unconscious. Late that night Ben he is found and revived by Oscar and they return to the guest house to find out why the Tourists have come, but minutes later the town is struck by a large meteorite, resulting in almost total destruction. Ben races to the Judge\'s shattered home, where he finds Hilary alive; heading back into town he finds the hotel destroyed and his friends dead, while the Tourists stroll through the devastation with an air of detached fascination. Ben and Hilary work through the night helping the survivors, who are taken to Hilary\'s local school, which has become the local disaster relief centre. When Ben and Oscar return to the guest house the next day, Ben is alarmed to discover that, although the tourists have left the house, their luggage is still there. He and Oscar track them to an abandoned factory outside the town, where Ben realises that they are awaiting a second disaster which is about to strike the school. The tourists try to detain him but he evades them and races to the scene hoping to save Hilary. Meanwhile, maintenance workers accidentally damage a gas pipe line in the boiler room of the school and just as Ben arrives a hurricane lamp in the gymnasium ignites the leaking gas, destroying the school in a massive blast and killing most of the people inside, including Hilary and Quish, who has followed Ben to the building. Ben regains consciousness to find that he has been taken prisoner by the Tourists and that an official from their time, the Undersecretary , has arrived to investigate and try to remedy the disruptions to Ben\'s "Timescape". He explains that his people have discovered that time is more resilient than they had first believed but, because of the changes enacted by Ben and the Tourists, all time excursions have been suspended pending a full investigation. Just before they depart Ben attacks Reeve for her lack of humanity, but as she leaves she embraces him, secretly slipping Quish\'s passport into his hand. On examining the passport Ben discovers that it conceals one of the Tourists\' time travel devices. He eventually makes it work, and returns to the previous evening to try and save his daughter and the townsfolk from the disaster. Realising that Hilary is then at her grandfather\'s house, he tries to sneak her away but he is caught and thrown into jail, which is itself soon to be destroyed. However he convinces the deputy to allow him his one phone call and manages to contact his pre-existing self at the hotel, just as that self is meeting with Reeve. This alternate self helps the \'original\' Ben to escape from the jail and together they manage to alert and save most of the people by ringing the bells in the old church on the other side of town. Leaving Hilary with his \'earlier\' self, the \'original\' Ben walks through the scene of the impact; there he is again confronted by the Undersecretary, who had returned to take Ben back to his proper point in time. He warn Ben not to interfere any further and threatens to alter the past again to eliminate Ben\'s actions, but Ben challenges him by arguing that if the Undersecretary\'s assertions were true, his people would have already done so. In the final scene, we see Hilary taking bookings for the now-completed guest house while Ben reads through old love letters from his late wife. When Hilary looks up, Ben has vanished, and as the movie closes Hilary suddenly hears and is drawn towards the sound of someone playing her mother\'s favourite tune on the piano.'] ["An earthquake strikes the city of Los Angeles. Mike Roark , head of the city's Office of Emergency Management, insists on coming to work to help out with the crisis, even though he has taken vacation with his daughter Kelly . His associate Emmit Reese  notes the quake caused no major damage on the city, but seven utility workers are later burned to death in a storm drain at MacArthur Park. Despite the city's Department of Public Works insistence that the incident had nothing to do with the tremor and was just an accident, Roark tries to halt the subway lines which run parallel to where the mishap took place as a precaution. Metro Chairman Stan Olber  though refuses, feeling there is no threat to the trains. Against regulations, Roark and a colleague Gator Harris  venture down the storm sewer in the park to investigate. They are nearly burned to death when hot gases suddenly flood the tunnel. Geologist Dr. Amy Barnes  believes a volcano may be forming near the city with magma flowing underground, but cannot come up with enough evidence for Roark to take action."] ['Set around the events of the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, a young couple, Jenny  and David , experience the horror of being terrorized by a psychotic neighbor, Kyle , in a city where panic and fear is the order of the day.'] ['When two young boys are savagely attacked and killed by a legion of rattlesnakes in a small California desert town, the local sheriff  calls upon herpetologist Dr. Tom Parkinson , a Los Angeles college professor, to discover why the snakes are displaying abnormal aggression and swarming behavior. The sheriff teams Parkinson with war photographer Ann Bradley . As more people in the desert town are killed by the vicious rattlesnakes, Parkinson\'s and Bradley\'s investigation leads them to a nearby army base, where the commanding officer, Colonel Stroud , seems strangely reluctant to help them. Parkinson and Bradley are, however, assisted by the base\'s chief medical officer, Captain Delaney . Shortly afterward, Palmer  and Woodley , two soldiers on night patrol, stop to change a flat tire on their jeep and are killed by a horde of rattlesnakes. Delaney then summons Parkinson and Bradley back to the base, without Stroud\'s knowledge, so they can investigate the soldiers\' strange deaths. Eventually, Parkinson discovers that the colonel ordered, and then covered up, the illegal disposal of an experimental nerve gas called "CT3" in one of the local desert caves. The exposure of the snakes to the nerve gas had made them unusually aggressive. When Delaney drunkenly confronts Stroud and threatens to expose his crime, Stroud kills him. Stroud then engages the local sheriff\'s department in a gun battle and is killed.'] ["A series of freak weather occurrences around Washington, D.C. reunites two estranged brothers who are the sons of a once prestigious climate scientist. One of them suspects their father is behind it and upon further investigation, they discover that all of their father's enemies are dead - victims of freak weather accidents. Soon their suspicions are confirmed as their father hijacks radio and TV transmissions to relay the message that unless a certain Senator who canceled his United States Department of Defense contracts is handed over, the city of Washington D.C will suffer the consequences. As the brothers race to form a plan that can defeat their father, he lets loose a variety of diabolical weather weapons on the Smithsonian, Jefferson and Lincoln Memorials, and National Mall."] ["Volcanic eruptions and earthquakes shake Japan. Firestorms burn beautiful Japanese cities to the ground. A weather survey group discovers that the Japanese Archipelago is moving towards the Japanese Trench, which if left to continue on its collision course, would bring the whole island of Japan under the sea. Both Japanese and American governments must find a solution to the problem or find refuge for the Japanese in neighboring countries. The movie begins with a brief description of the geological formation of Japan. Later, Toshio Onodera is shown relaxing at a beach near Kumamoto City with Reiko Abe, his wife. However, Mt. Aso erupts, forcing the two to escape the beach. Later, Toshio and Tadokoro have a talk with several American geologists, Warren Brody, Rodger Furren, and Ken Hill in Tokyo about the now fast-moving subduction of both the Pacific and Eurasian plates. Later a massive monster earthquake, with its epicenter on the Sagami Trough, strikes the Kanto Region, killing millions in Tokyo and in other areas, causing tsunamis and floods that kill hundreds of thousands more in Tokyo, Yokohama, and other large cities, and fires burn down Tokyo, with thousands more killed in much of the Kanto Region in the process. Rescue efforts begin. Toshio Onodera hears about the earthquake damage. But before he can do anything to help, a deadly aftershock kills millions of refugees fleeing the city. Toshio later arrives to help a team of Japanese geologists and American military with plans to save the Japanese. However, the plan backfires when a gang of thugs attacks him. Although Toshio manages to settle the ordeal, the leader of the gang, Yusuke Yuki, refuses to give up and later begins harassing Toshio with a Type 99 rifle. He also threatens to murder his family if he refuses to surrender hope for the Japanese. Toshio is about to give in and fight-when two of his American friends save him. Sgt. Hank Thompson begins hogging him with violent punching, while another soldier, Pvt. Gary Hilton throws him into a brick. Finally, Yuki wounds Brody by shooting him in the chest with a Type 26 revolver. Sgt. Thompson knocks the gun out of his hand. Finally, Private Hilton injures Yuki by whacking him in the waist with a broken metal telephone pole fragment. Then he pulls out a Colt M1911 and dumps an entire projectile into Yusuke, which instantly kills him. With the ordeal settled, Toshio takes an American Bell Huey helicopter to Osaka. There, Toshio finds the Prime Minister and tells him about the earthquakes in Numazu and Tokyo. Later, countless hundreds of thousands are killed when Sendai is destroyed by a violent tsunami. Toshio is dumbfounded by the news when it gets printed in the newspaper. Toshio later tells the Prime Minister about the tsunami's destruction on Sendai. He speaks with Shinji Yuki, his colleague. Toshio later is surprised at the news that Japan will sink with more devastation than expected. Shocked, Toshio decides to flee the archipelago. Along the way, he hears more shocking and devastating news. First, thousands, if not millions, are killed when Osaka submerges from a tsunami. Later, Mount Fuji violently erupts. It destroys the countryside. A few weeks later, Toshio is speaking with a small team of Japanese scientists in Kumamoto City near the Kumamoto Prefecture. As they speak, Mount Aso violently bursts, destroying the city and killing millions. It seemingly kills Reiko, who tries to call him via telephone. Concerned about Reiko, Toshio flees Kumamoto with millions of other Japanese refugees. Later, Toshio is chosen to guide a fleet of ships carrying refugees to neighboring Pusan, South Korea by helicopter. However, the plan backfires when a tsunami kills the refugees by sinking each of the ships. Later, it's revealed that Reiko survived the Osaka tsunami. Eventually, another tsunami destroys Hakodate. Later, the Prime Minister decides to flee with his family-but before he can, his daughter's grandfather dies. Later, Tadokoro arrives. The Prime Minister insists that he should join him on the journey. However, Tadokoro refuses, saying that he needs to stay and help the Japanese survivors reach safety. The Prime Minister ends up going without him and uses a Japanese Airline airplane en-route to Beijing, China. The movie closes with the Prime Minister's family taking an express train en-route to Beijing, China. Before the credits, the camera pans to show the that the entire archipelago has sank completely."] ['Columbia Air Lines\' Flight 409 is a Boeing 747-100 en route from Washington Dulles International Airport to Los Angeles International Airport. Scott Freeman, meanwhile, is a New Mexican businessman with an urgent sales meeting in Boise, Idaho. Failure to make this meeting threatens half his sales commissions for the coming year. He is en route in his private Beechcraft Baron. However, an occluded front has the entire West Coast socked in, with Los Angeles reporting zero visibility. That not only affects the Columbia flight but also precludes Freeman making his meeting in Boise. Both flights are diverted to Salt Lake City International Airport. Freeman\'s small plane and the giant Boeing 747 enter Salt Lake\'s entry pattern. Air traffic control assigns the jumbo to enter the pattern first, followed by the Beechcraft. As Columbia 409 is making its final approach, First Officer Urias feels a vibration on one of the adjacent panels and rises to check it out. Freeman, anxious about his missed meeting, makes a call to the Salt Lake Tower asking about the delay. The tower confirms that he is second to land after the big jet. Freeman suddenly suffers a massive heart attack. As he grabs his chest, the Baron falls out of the pattern and descends into the approach of Columbia 409. The Beechcraft impacts the flight deck just above the co-pilot seat. First Officer Urias, still standing, is instantly blown from the cockpit. Flight Engineer Julio receives massive cranial trauma. Captain Stacy is struck in the face by debris and is blinded. The impact knocks a male steward from the upper lounge down to the cabin below. Nancy Pryor, the First Stewardess, rushes up to the flight deck to find Urias gone, Julio dead, and Stacy badly maimed. Fortunately, the captain is able to engage the autopilot and the altitude hold switch to keep the aircraft in the air before losing consciousness. Pryor informs the Salt Lake control tower that the crew is dead or badly injured and that there is no one to fly the plane. She is told to stay on the same radio frequency. Pryor gives the assessment of the damage as a large hole on the starboard side of the flight deck that wiped out most of the instrument gauges over the engineer station. Joe Patroni, Columbia\'s Vice President of Operations, is apprised of Flight 409\'s situation. He seeks the advice of Captain Al Murdock, Columbia\'s chief flight instructor, who also happens to be Nancy Pryor\'s boyfriend, even though their relationship was "on the rocks" at that time. Patroni and Murdock take the airline\'s executive jet to Salt Lake. En route, they communicate with Pryor, who is still in the cockpit. While the autopilot is keeping the aircraft in level flight, it is inoperable for turns. Something has to be done, as the jet is heading into the Wasatch Mountains. After successfully guiding Pryor by radio on how to perform the turn, radio communications are interrupted and the Salt Lake tower is unable to restore contact. Unable to turn, leaking fuel, and dodging the peaks of the Wasatch Mountains, an air-to-air rescue attempt is undertaken from a jet-powered HH-53 Super Jolly Green Giant helicopter flown by the USAF Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Service. While the pilot is preparing to be released on a tether, it becomes apparent that 409 is heading straight into the side of a mountain. With radio communications still out, Pryor flies unaided. Captain Stacy is able to give a cryptic clue regarding the decrease in airspeed during a climb in altitude. Pryor realizes that she must accelerate to be able to climb over the mountain and successfully does so. After 409 has leveled off, the pilot is released towards the stricken airliner. Just as Pryor is helping him in, the release cord from his harness becomes caught in the jagged metal surrounding the hole in the cockpit. As he climbs in, his harness is released from the tether and he falls to his death. The only other person on the helicopter who can land a 747 is Captain Murdock. He is tethered to the rear of the helicopter, lowered to the jet and successfully enters it through the hole in the cockpit. He then lands the plane safely at Salt Lake City Airport, where the flight attendants successfully conduct an emergency evacuation of the passengers via the inflatable slides on the left side of the 747.'] ['A Czech-born woman arrives on a Greek island having fled Australia to sort out her problems. She becomes friends with a deaf mute and two other women, a Sri Lankan abandoned by her husband and an older Greek woman. Island at National Film and Sound Archive'] ["A research team, including Joanne , Damon , Gary  and Phil , deploy small UAVs from a C130 Hercules, to interfere with a storm. At first the group celebrate a good result, however a large storm begins to develop. Meanwhile, Charlie , an ex-scientist, is in town to promote his new book, with his assistant Nora  in the  town of Harrisford, Oregon. As Charlie does a book signing at a local book shop, the storm hits the town. Charlie and Nora narrowly escape death; however, the storm kills many others. Just outside town, a young couple Eric  and Ashley  are traveling to meet with Charlie as part of their university course. Eric notices a strange weather pattern however Ashley takes no notice, as she is in a rush to get to the book signing. In town, Nora is taken to hospital for injuries while Charlie meets up with his old friend Joanne and also Damon, who have rushed to the scene after their computers detected the storm. Joanne wishes to stop the program and so orders Damon to phone their backer Frank . However Frank tells Damon he will not stop the experiment until it has been completed and so allows the small UAVs to continue flying. Meanwhile, another storm freezes a farmer. Charlie, Joanne and Damon rush to the scene where they discover one of the UAVs that has crashed. Joanne tells Charlie about the experiment. Nora then phones Charlie. She is leaving town for the TV show Charlie has an appearance on later that day. Meanwhile, Eric and Ashley arrive at the book signing to discover it has finished and begin to leave town. Charlie, Joanne and Damon travel back to their experiment site, where they meet up with Gary and Phil. Charlie comes up with a theory of how the UAVs are causing the storms, and Damon tells Joanne Frank has not aborted the experiment. Angrily, Joanne phones Frank to warn him, but Frank rejects her calls. As Eric and Ashley leave town, a tornado forms. Nora's car is hit by debris. After the tornado disappears, Eric and Ashley walk back to town. At the experiment site, another tornado hits. The group flee but Phil is killed. They go to a nearby hotel where they discover Frank has blocked them from deactivating the UAVs. Eric and Ashley break into a building where they decide to change their presentation to the freak weather after Eric caught it on camera. The group come across wreckage where they discover Nora's body. A furious Joanne blames Damon for not making Frank finish the experiment. As Charlie mourns Nora's death, another storm hits, forcing the group to flee. After a plane that Frank sent into the sky crashes, he wishes to deactivate the UAVs; however, Bill  informs him they are not responding. The group travel to the same building Eric and Ashley are at, and Gary begins to try and deactivate the UAVs. They realize the storms will reach populated areas very soon and warn Frank, who allows the UAVs to be destroyed. However, the storm continues to grow despite the UAVs having been destroyed. While Eric and Ashley send out signals to warn people, Charlie, Joanne and Damon rush to the university to use its satellite to punch a hole in the ozone layer to extinguish the storms. While arriving, Damon is killed by large hailstones. Meanwhile Gary manages to connect to a satellite in space. The plan works and the storms are extinguished. Eric and Ashley help Charlie and Joanne put Frank in prison for manipulating the team into creating a weapon."] ["During routine administration at the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, Dr. Rhodes discovers that a comet has suddenly veered off its orbit and smashed into Mars. The explosion causes debris to travel towards Earth with the possibility of causing an extinction level event. At Ben Marshall's house, Ben refuses to give his son, Leo, a ride as he complained his own car smelled of mildew. However, Ben drives Leo to school and discovers Leo is in love with a fellow student, Lindsey. Leo is chatting with Lindsey when her ex-boyfriend, Sean, gives them threatening looks. Terry, Ben's autistic brother, refuses to let Samantha, Ben's daughter, take the school bus, which is having mechanical problems. Lynne, Ben's wife, comes home to discover that and drives Samantha to school. They are caught in a traffic jam caused by an incident involving the school bus. After discovering that an anomaly in space could have pulled the comet off orbit with its strong gravitational pull and that this anomaly is possibly reaching or bypassing Earth, they contact physicists, Trish Zane and Tom Lively, to help to prevent it. They discover that the anomaly is a strangelet, and it is traveling towards earth. The Russian and Chinese decide to fire nuclear missiles at the North Pole to cause a polar shift, hoping to resolve the issue. The polar shift triggers chain reactions which cause earthquakes, typhoons and tropical storms, which destroy New York , London, and other cities in the process. Ben brings Leo and Lindsey home after he receives news about the anomaly. They hide safely in the basement when a tornado struck, destroying the neighborhood. Terry convinces both Ben and Lynne that he has a solution to the problem. Ben drives Terry to the Space Center in Houston while Lynne takes Leo, Lindsey, and Samantha to the rescue center. Leo and Lindsey leave the center to search for Lindsey's family. They discover Sean and his friends raiding a house. Sean fatally shoots Leo in the midst of an argument and attempts to rape Lindsey. Lynne, worried that Leo and Lindsey are not back, goes to find them and rescues Lindsey. However, the house they were in is sucked away due to the effect of the strangelet nearing Earth. Along the way to Houston, Ben and Terry encounter a broken down vehicle. While trying to help, Ben is attacked but Terry takes out the attacker and they continue on their way. Ben suffers a heart attack but they manage to reach the Space Center. They gain entry because Terry knows Dr. Rhodes's verbal password. Terry manages to convince Dr. Rhodes of his calculations, which was shown to be accurate. Ben dies from his heart attack. After launching the nuclear missiles via LGM-118 Peacekeeper at the strangelet, time is reversed back to the starting of the film and Ben is shown to be much kinder to Terry and Leo."] ["While visiting the Ventana nuclear power plant outside Los Angeles, television news reporter Kimberly Wells , her maverick camerman Richard Adams  and their soundman Hector Salas witness the plant going through an emergency shutdown . Shift Supervisor Jack Godell  notices an unusual vibration while grabbing his cup of coffee which he had set down; then he finds that a gauge is misreading and that the coolant is dangerously low . The crew manages to bring the reactor under control. Richard surreptitiously films the incident, despite being requested to not film the control room for security purposes. When he shows the film to experts, they realize that the plant came close to the China Syndrome in which the core would have melted down into the earth, hitting groundwater and contaminating the surrounding area with radioactive steam. During an inspection of the plant before it's brought back online, a technician discovers a small puddle of radioactive water that has apparently leaked from a pump. Godell pushes to delay restarting the plant, but the plant superintendent denies his request and appears willing to let nothing come in the way of the scheduled restart of the plant. Godell investigates further and uncovers evidence that radiographs of welds on the leaking pump have been falsified . He believes that the plant is unsafe and could be severely damaged if another full-power SCRAM occurs. He tries to bring the evidence to plant manager Herman DeYoung, who brushes Godell off as paranoid and states that new radiographs would cost at least $20 million. Godell confronts D.B. Royce, an employee of Foster-Sullivan, the construction company who built the plant, as it was Royce who signed off on the welding radiographs. When Godell threatens to go to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Royce threatens him and a pair of goons from Foster-Sullivan park outside his house. Kimberly and Richard confront Godell at his home with what they know, at which point, the engineer voices his concern about the vibration he felt during the SCRAM and his anger about the false radiographs. Kimberly and Richard ask Godell if he'll come clean at NRC hearings, being held at Point Conception, where Foster-Sullivan is looking to build another nuclear plant. Godell tells them about the threat on his life, but agrees to get them, through Hector, the false radiographs to take to the hearings. Following the exchange though, Hector is run off the road by company men and the radiographs are taken. Godell leaves for the hearings but is chased by the goons out his house. He escapes by taking refuge in the plant. To his dismay, Godell finds that the reactor is being brought up to full power. He grabs a gun from a security guard, forces everyone out, including his best friend and co-worker Ted Spindler , and demands to be interviewed on live television by Kimberly. Plant management agrees to the interview, which buys them time as they try to regain control of the plant. Minutes into the broadcast, plant technicians deliberately cause a SCRAM so they can retake the control room . While Godell is distracted by the SCRAM alarms a SWAT team forces its way into the control room. The television cable is cut and a panicky Godell is shot by the police, but before he dies he feels the unusual vibration again. The resulting SCRAM is only brought under control by the plant's automatic systems. True to Godell's predictions, the plant suffers significant damage as the pump malfunctions. Plant officials try to paint Godell as emotionally disturbed, but Ted states that Godell would not have taken such drastic steps had there not been something wrong. The film ends with a tearful Kimberly concluding her report as the reporter's live signal abruptly cuts to color bars."] ['The story is set in a then-future 1964, in the months following World War III. The conflict has devastated the northern hemisphere, polluting the atmosphere with nuclear fallout and killing all life. While the bombs were confined to the northern hemisphere, air currents are slowly carrying the fallout south. The only areas still habitable are in the far southern hemisphere, like Australia. From Australia, survivors detect an incomprehensible Morse code signal from San Diego in the United States. In the hope that someone is still alive back home, the last American nuclear submarine, USS Sawfish, under Royal Australian Navy command, is ordered to sail north from Melbourne to try to make contact with the signal sender. The captain, Dwight Towers , leaves behind his good friend, the alcoholic Moira Davidson , despite his feelings of guilt about the deaths of his wife and children in Connecticut. Towers refuses to admit they are dead and continues to behave accordingly. The Australian government arranges for its citizens to receive suicide pills and injections, so that they may end things quickly before there is prolonged suffering from the inevitable radiation sickness. An Australian naval officer, Peter Holmes , and his naive and childish wife, Mary , who is in denial about the impending disaster, have a baby daughter. Assigned to travel with the American submarine for several weeks, Peter tries to explain to Mary how to euthanize their baby and kill herself with the lethal pills in case he\'s not yet home when the time comes. Mary reacts violently at the prospect of killing her daughter and herself. One scientist\'s theory is that the radiation level near the Arctic Ocean could be lower than that found at mid-northern hemisphere. If so, this would indicate the radiation could disperse before reaching the southern hemisphere. This was to be explored along with the submarine\'s main mission. After sailing to Point Barrow, Alaska, they determine that radiation levels are, on the contrary, intensifying. The submarine next stops at San Francisco. The views through the periscope show no signs of life and no damage to buildings. One crewman jumps ship to spend his last days in his hometown. After attempting to convince the crewman to return, Towers accepts his decision. The crewman is last seen fishing as the Sawfish submerges. Sawfish then travels to an abandoned oil refinery in San Diego, where they discover that despite the fact that everyone is dead, the hydroelectric power station is still operating. The ship\'s communications officer is sent ashore in a radiation suit to investigate. The mysterious signal is the result of a Coca Cola bottle being bumped by a window shade fluttering in the breeze and tapping a telegraph key. Bitterly disappointed, the submariners return to Australia to live out the remaining time before the nuclear fallout reaches their shores. They do their best to enjoy what time and pleasures remain to them before dying. Scientist Julian Osborn  and others organize a wild motor race, the "Australian Grand Prix", in which all participants die in accidents except Osborn, at the wheel of his vintage Ferrari. Moira only sees the senselessness of the race, but when she asks Osborn why he is taking part, he responds, "because I want to". Prior to the submarine voyage to America, Towers told Moira about how he enjoys relaxing by fishing. During his absence, Moira gets the fishing season set earlier so Dwight will get one last chance to fish. With Towers now accepting the death of his family, they embark on a weekend trip. Retreating to the resort for the night, Dwight and Moira share a romantic interlude inside their room as outside a gathering storm howls. Returning to Melbourne, Towers is told one of his crew has developed radiation sickness. The deadly radiation has arrived. Some citizens seek spiritual guidance from the Salvation Army. They hang a banner from the public library stating that "There Is Still Time… Brother". Osborn, proud and satisfied after winning the "Australian Grand Prix", seals himself and the car, engine running, inside a garage to end his life by carbon monoxide poisoning. Others line up to receive their suicide pills. Later, Mary Holmes  becomes emotionally unbalanced and must be placed under sedation. She regains lucidity, and she and Peter share a tender moment together before Mary decides that she has been "foolish and impractical" and asks her husband to "take care" of her and their daughter. "I\'d like that cup of tea now," she tells him. Dwight wants to stay with Moira, but his remaining crew want to head for home and die in the United States. In the end, Commander Towers chooses not to stay but rather to lead his crew back to the States. Moira watches from the shore as the Sawfish submerges beneath the waves. The end shows the deserted, abandoned streets of Melbourne. The last shot, punctuated by emphatic music, is of the "There Is Still Time… Brother" banner.  *Nevil Shute was displeased with the final cut of the film, feeling that too many changes had been made at the expense of the story\'s integrity. Gregory Peck agreed with him, but, in the end, producer/director Stanley Kramer\'s ideas won out. *In the novel, there are people still alive elsewhere in the Southern Hemisphere, and Australia is in radio contact with other places such as Montevideo and Cape Town. Commander Towers is in communication with the only other remaining active-duty U.S. Navy vessel: another submarine, USS Swordfish, which has been on duty in the Atlantic and, at the end, is based in Montevideo. Melbourne, where much of the novel is set, is the southernmost major city in the world and so will be the last such to go, but people in New Zealand, Tierra del Fuego and other, more southerly points are said to have a few additional weeks left to them. In the film, an unidentified radio newscaster says that, as far as is known, Australia is home to the last human life on the planet, and there is no USS Swordfish. *In the novel, the submarine is named Scorpion. In the film, she is called Sawfish. This may be because there was an actual USS Scorpion under construction at the time the film was made. A nuclear submarine like her fictional counterpart, USS Scorpion was in service from 1960 to 1968, when she was lost with all hands, cause unknown. *The novel describes Moira Davidson as a slender, petite pale blonde in her mid-twenties. In the film, she is portrayed by the tall, curvaceous, 37-year-old brunette Ava Gardner. *A naval training base near Seattle is the location in the novel where the strange Morse signals are detected. The film uses an oil refinery in San Diego as its location. *Buildings in San Francisco are shown as undamaged in the film, while in the novel the city has been largely destroyed and the Golden Gate Bridge has fallen *The northernmost point of the submarine\'s journey in the novel is the Gulf of Alaska, while the film uses Point Barrow. In reality, ice cover would have made it impossible for the submarine to surface off Point Barrow. *The nuclear scientist in the book is named John Osborne, a twenty-something bachelor. In the movie, he is portrayed by 60-year old Fred Astaire and is named Julian Osborn. The first name may have been changed and the surname spelled differently in the film to avoid any unintended reference to contemporary English playwright John Osborne. *Moira Davidson and John Osborne are cousins in the novel, but Moira Davidson and Julian Osborn are former lovers in the film. *Admiral Bridie and his secretary, Lieutenant Hosgood, are in the film but not in the novel. *Moira and Dwight never sleep together in the novel; Dwight remains faithful to the memory of his wife. Moira, though disappointed at first, comes to respect his stance. Film director Stanley Kramer believed that audiences would not believe that Dwight, as played by Peck, could resist the charms of sex symbol Gardner, so a love scene was inserted. Shute disliked this change to his original storyline. *The novel ends with a dying Moira sitting in her car, taking her suicide pills, while watching Scorpion head out to sea to be scuttled. Unlike the book, no mention of scuttling the sub is made in the film; instead Commander Towers\'s crew asks that he try to take them home to the United States, where they can die on their home soil. Although he realizes that they probably will not survive the passage, he does as they request. In the film, Ava Gardner is seen merely watching Dwight\'s submarine disappear and is not seen to commit suicide at that time. *Unlike the novel, no blame is placed on whoever started the war; it is hinted that it may have been an accident, a few faulty vacuum tubes, or transistor circuits as in the similarly themed film Fail-Safe . *Dwight and Moira do not attend the "Australian Grand Prix" in the novel, unlike in the film. This was because they were vacationing in the mountains that day. However, during a radio news broadcast, they hear about John Osborne\'s first-place victory.'] ["An infectious virus has spread worldwide, killing almost everyone. Two brothers, Brian  and Danny , along with Brian's girlfriend, Bobby , and Danny's school friend, Kate , are heading to Turtle Beach in the southwestern United States, a secluded beach motel where they believe they can wait for the viral pandemic to die out and so they can start a new life. On their way there, they meet a man, Frank , and his infected young daughter Jodie . After attempting to drive away from them, their car breaks down. The four end up returning to Frank in order to acquire his jeep, and are forced to take Frank and Jodie to a nearby high school where a serum for the pandemic is rumored to have been developed. Upon arrival they discover that the serum doesn't work, and the only doctor still alive is about to commit suicide with a remaining group of infected children . Meanwhile, Bobby is accidentally infected by Jodie while trying to help her when she coughs blood on her. She hides her infection from the others. Brian leaves Frank and Jodie behind and takes their car. After this, they stop at a golf course hotel. Despite Bobby's efforts to prevent it, Brian kisses her and inadvertently infects himself. The golf course is being used as a base by a small group of armed survivalists  who ambush and capture the group. After a tense Mexican standoff, they declare their intent to keep the girls. As they force the girls to disrobe to check them for infection, they discover Bobby's rashes and bruises and force them away at gunpoint. Kate stresses that they will end up dead if Bobby continues to travel with them, and Brian ends up leaving a weeping Bobby behind at a deserted gas station. They almost run out of fuel but encounter two women heading in the opposite direction to them. Danny asks for help, but they refuse. A desperate Brian shoots them for their fuel but not before one of the women shoots Brian in the leg. Brian later breaks down under the pressure of having to make all of the difficult decisions in order to keep everyone alive, and Danny discovers that his brother is also infected. At Brian's urging, Danny shoots Brian and burns his mask and infected body. Afterward, Danny and Kate reach Turtle Beach, but Danny realizes that without his brother the place that had seemed so special to them as kids is now empty."] ['Russian general Marenkov ([[Robert Shaw  decides to defect to the West, and CIA agent Harry Wargrave  leads the team that is to get him out. Wargrave decides that Marenkov should travel across Europe by train, on the fictional "Avalanche Express". The idea is to lure the Russians into attacking the train, and thus discover who their secret agents in Europe are. Consequently, during the train journey they must survive both a terrorist attack and an avalanche, all planned by Russian spy-catcher Nikolai Bunin .'] ['A privately owned luxury Boeing 747-100, Stevens\' Flight 23  complete with piano bar, office, and bedroom, is used to ferry invited guests to an estate owned by wealthy philanthropist Philip Stevens . Valuable artwork from Stevens\'s private collection is also on board the jetliner, to be eventually displayed in his new museum. Such a collection motivates a group of thieves led by co-pilot Bob Chambers  to hijack the aircraft in the hopes of landing it on an abandoned airfield on St. George Island. Once Captain Don Gallagher  leaves the cockpit and is knocked unconscious, the hijackers\' plans go into motion. A sleeping gas is released into the cabin and the passengers lose consciousness. Knocking out the flight engineer, Chambers puts the plan in motion, and Stevens\' Flight 23 "disappears" into the Bermuda Triangle. Descending to virtual wave-top altitude, Flight 23 heads into a fog bank, reducing visibility to less than a mile. Minutes later, a large offshore drilling platform emerges from the haze, Flight 23 heading straight for it at close to 600 knots.  Chambers pulls back on the yoke in a banking left turn but the engine number 4 clips the derrick, causing the engine to catch fire. Chambers immediately hits the fire extinguishing button and flames are momentarily extinguished. However, because the aircraft is at such a low altitude, the sudden loss of airspeed threatens to stall the airplane. As the engine reignites, Chambers is forced to use another fire-suppression bottle. But by this time, the aircraft stall alarm goes off and the aircraft\'s tail hits the water. All the passengers wake up, and most start to scream and panic. Chambers is able to pull up, but soon the plane\'s right wing hits the water again, and the plane lifts into the air for another moment, then hitting the water again. Because of the impact being so hard, the plane becomes grounded in the ocean. Eventually, the plane begins to slip beneath the waves. The ocean bottom is fortunately above the crush-depth of the fuselage. Many of the passengers are injured, some seriously. Two of the would-be thieves are killed in the initial crash. Banker  is in the hold securing the art for the transfer when a cargo container causes a breach of the outer skin, crushing and drowning him. The second fatality is Wilson , who is killed when he is slammed into the flight panel on impact. Since the aircraft was off course, search and rescue efforts are focused in the wrong area. Involved in these efforts are Phillip Stevens and Joe Patroni . The only way to signal rescue efforts to the proper region is to get a signal buoy to the surface in a small dinghy. Captain Gallagher and diver Martin Wallace  enter the main cargo in the attempt, but an unexpected triggering of the hatch crushes Wallace. Gallagher, out of oxygen provided by the reserve mask, makes it to the surface, and activates the beacon after he climbs into the dinghy. Getting a fix on the new signal, an S-3 Viking overflies the crash site, confirming the location of Flight 23. The navy then dispatches a sub-recovery ship, the USS Cayuga along with the destroyer USS Agerholm and a flotilla of other vessels. The aircraft is ringed with balloons and once inflated, the aircraft rises from the bottom of the seafloor. Just before the plane breaks surface, one of the balloons breaks loose, prompting the Navy captain to reduce the air pressure of the remaining balloons, thus keeping the plane just beneath the waves. At that moment, one of the doors in the cargo hold bursts open, causing the plane to flood. The cascade of sea water sweeps through the passengers; First Officer Chambers is killed when he is pinned under a sofa. The deluge also sweeps away Wallace\'s widow , who drowns just as the Navy captain orders more air pressure into the balloons, finally raising the plane successfully. Once on the surface, the passengers are evacuated. With the survivors on their way to waiting ships, Captain Gallagher and Stevens\' assistant, Eve  are the last to evacuate from the aircraft as it slips under the waves for the last time.'] ['The wife of alpinist Dr Johannes Krafft  dies after a crevasse fall. It is implied that the accident was due to his negligence. Ten years later the newlywed Karl Stern  and Maria Majoni  arrive in an alpine hut near St. Moritz. They meet Dr Krafft who is obsessed with the death of his wife and is still searching for her in the mountains. Together they depart to climb Piz Palü, not knowing that a storm is approaching. Trapped in the mountain and with Stern having broken his leg they are forced to spend the night on a small ledge. Dr Krafft who had given his coat to Karl does not survive until the next morning. Eventually the aviator Ernst Udet , who is also a friend of Karl and Maria, finds the couple. He alerts the rescuers who eventually safely escort Karl and Maria back to the valley.'] ['When the existence of a strain of plague  is revealed at the U.S. mission at the International Health Organization, three terrorists seek to blow up the U.S. mission. Two of them are shot, one mortally, by security personnel but one escapes. The surviving terrorist is hospitalized and quarantined and identified as Swedish. Dr. Elena Stradner  and U.S. Colonel Stephen Mackenzie   argue over the nature of the strain, which Stradner suspects is a biological weapon but which Colonel Mackenzie claims was in the process of being destroyed. The third terrorist escapes and stows away on a transcontinental train bound from Geneva to Stockholm. Dr. Stradner believes that the train should be stopped so that the terrorist can be removed and quarantined, but Col. Mackenzie is concerned that all of the passengers on the train may have been infected. Mackenzie insists on rerouting the train to an abandoned ex-Nazi railroad line to a quarantine camp in Janov, Poland. However the line crosses a dangerously unsound steel arch bridge known as the Kaslindrliv Bridge or Cassandra Crossing, out of use since 1948. Mackenzie understands that the bridge might collapse as the train passes over it. The presence of the infected terrorist, and the rerouting of the train, precipitates the second conflict, among passengers on the train; they include Dr. Jonathan Chamberlain , a famous neurologist, his ex-wife Jennifer Rispoli Chamberlain , and Nicole Dressler , the wife of a German arms dealer. She is embroiled in an affair with her young companion Robby Navarro. Navarro is a heroin trafficker being pursued by FBI agent Haley, who is traveling undercover as a priest. Mackenzie informs Dr. Chamberlain of the presence of the stowaway, who is found, but attempts to remove the stowaway via a helicopter are unsuccessful because the train enters a tunnel. Chamberlain is also told that the plague has a 60% mortality rate. Mackenzie, however, informs passengers that police have received reports of anarchist bombs placed along the rail line, and that the train will be rerouted to Nuremberg. There the train is sealed with an enclosed oxygen system and a U.S. Army medical team is placed aboard, with the now-deceased stowaway being placed in a hermetically-sealed coffin. Dr. Chamberlain learns of the risk of the Cassandra Crossing. He also begins to suspect the disease is not as serious as originally thought: few of the passengers have become infected and few of those have actually died. He radios MacKenzie suggesting the infected portion of the train be uncoupled and isolated, but MacKenzie has no intention of stopping the train: if the expected Cassandra Crossing collapse occurs, it will neatly cover the fact that the U.S has been harboring germ warfare agents in a neutral country. Passengers on the train work alone to stop the train before it reaches the Cassandra Crossing. The passengers manage to seize the back half of the train roughly one km before the bridge and detach it, hoping that with less weight, the front half will cross safely. But the bridge collapses, killing everyone aboard the front half. The back end applies the brakes and stops just before reaching the downed bridge. In Geneva, both Stradner and MacKenzie depart: she keeps hope of survivors while he thinks the elimination of the train means no investigations. A guard on duty orders both of them be watched.'] ["A cruise liner, the SS Britannic, is in the middle of the Atlantic when the owner of the shipping line, Porter , receives a phone call from a man with a lilting Irish accent who refers to himself only as Juggernaut. Juggernaut claims to have placed seven barrels of amatol  aboard the Britannic that will explode and sink the ship by dawn the following day. The barrels are booby-trapped and any attempt to defuse them will result in an explosion. Details of how to render the bombs safe will be sent in exchange for a ransom of five hundred thousand pounds sterling. To show he is serious, Juggernaut arranges a demonstration, a series of small explosions on the Britannic's bridge that seriously injure one crewmen.  Porter is all for paying the ransom and saving the 1,200 passengers on board . However, officials of the British government inform Porter that if he pays the ransom, they will withdraw his company's operating subsidy. Instead, a bomb disposal expert, Lt. Cmdr. Anthony Fallon , and his team must parachute into the Atlantic, board the Britannic and defuse the barrels before the deadline. Meanwhile, Supt. John McCleod , whose wife and two children are on board the Britannic leads the efforts on land to find Juggernaut. After an attempt to defuse one bomb by robot fails, Fallon goes to his backup plan. Fallon's team will defuse one barrel each. Fallon will go first, informing his men of each move. If he fails and the bomb explodes, his men will know what went wrong. However, if two more bombs go off, the ship will sink. Fallon proceeds to disarm one bomb, with his men following each successful step, however, a sudden lurch in the ship due to the bad weather causes one of his men to trip a booby-trap, causing his death when the barrel explodes. Fallon gives up and tells the Captain to pay the ransom, but is persuaded to continue. Meanwhile, an extensive Police search locates Juggernaut and he is taken to the command post set up in a school where he is persuaded to tell Fallon how to disarm the final booby-trap. Fallon senses he is being lied to and cuts the opposite wire from the one Juggernaut tells him, thus rendering the bomb inert. His men quickly follow on their own bombs, Juggernaut is arrested and the ship is saved."] ['In the year 10,001 B.C., a caveman runs away from a predator through a plain. He then immediately gets into a fight with Wolf. After defeating him, the caveman then encounters the predator: a saber-toothed, gasoline-drinking Amy Winehouse, who after checking her Facebook account, informs him that the world will end on August 29, 2008—the release date of the movie—revealing that their fate lies in a crystal skull. The film flash-forwards to the present, treating the first scene as a dream sequence of Will. He then finds out that his girlfriend Amy is having an affair with Flavor Flav, and she breaks up with Will because he is not admitting his true feelings for her. Later that day, Will has a "Super Duper Sweet Sixteen" party at his house, despite the fact he is twenty-five. The guests are Juney, Dr. Phil, Will\'s best friend Calvin, and Anton Chigurh, among others. Seth and McLover are trying to steal the alcohol from the party, and Calvin\'s girlfriend Lisa requests Calvin to kill them, but he realizes the distance is not clean. Then the Beautiful Assassin suggests him to attempt to curve a bullet around the room to stop them, but he accidentally kills Dr. Phil, Chigurh and the Beautiful Assassin in the process. By then, Amy arrives with her new boyfriend, a Calvin Klein underwear model, and the musical number "Friends Forever" is performed by high school kids, an off-key Jessica Simpson, and J. T.. However, the party comes to a halt when a strong movement shakes the room and lights go out. A bulletin on the radio claims there is a meteor shower and it is the end of the world. Will, Juney, Calvin, and Lisa go outside during the shower and find Hannah Montana crushed by a meteor. Even when she is caught between life and death, she is still promoting her merchandise until her wig falls off, revealing her as Miley Cyrus before she finally dies. While this is occurring, a kid wakes up Hancock and mouths at him to go save the world, only to be knocked away as Hancock tries to escape from the city, but hits his head on a streetlight and knocks himself out. Soon after, the city starts to freeze over, and the group retreats to a garage for shelter. They meet the Sex and the City gals, who comment they are willing to fight for the place. Then, Juney and Carrie Bradshaw start a combat, where Juney wins. When she mentions that the calamities are caused by global warming, Will replies to her that his dream about Amy Winehouse is maybe related. Lisa says that she is getting cold and Calvin suggests they should take their clothes off, but only the girls take them off, and the guys stare in awe until Juney\'s water brokes. Later, Will has a dream where he confesses to Amy he is a jumper, but when she tells him that she loves him she escapes, but accidentally impales himself on Prince Caspian\'s  sword, and Caspian identifies him as "the guy who ruined Star Wars". After Will\'s dream ends, the group chide with him because he does not commit his relationship with Amy. The gang leaves the garage and Will gets a call from Amy, where he admits his feelings for her, but the call gets dropped and he decides to go to rescue Amy to her job, but Lisa gets killed by a meteor. While the others comfort a distraught Calvin, the Enchanted Princess climbs out of a manhole and gets hit by a taxi, with Calvin catching her as they immediately fall in love with each other. Juney guesses that she is a Princess thrown out of her kingdom by an evil witch, but the Princess explains that she is a "demented homeless chick who lives in the sewers" due to consuming "lots and lots and lots of mind-altering, enchanting drugs". Prince Edwin challenges Calvin to a dance fight alá Step Up 2 for the love of the Princess, but then a tornado appears and Prince Edwin escapes. Iron Man, Hellboy, and the Hulk attempts to fight the natural disaster but all are knocked down by cows that the twister sends. When the group finds shelter, Calvin gets a call on his shoe phone from Lisa\'s mother, who is informed about Lisa\'s death and how Calvin has found someone hotter than Lisa. Afterward, they encounter rabid knockoffs of Alvin and the Chipmunks, who start attacking the gang and eat Juney\'s flesh until she dies. The Chipmunks then go after Will and Calvin and they trap them in a trash can, fatally suffocating them as they attempt to escape. On their way to the museum to save Amy, who called to tell Will she is trapped under a statue, they run into Batman, who informs them that they must get to the evacuation buses by 9 pm  and mentions that there will be no chance of survival if they go to save Amy. Learning that it is closer to nine than he thought, Batman throws a rope, which accidentally lands on a car that drags him away. With time against them, the Princess kills Speed Racer so they can hijack his Mach 5 and drive to the museum. But before departing, they hear someone giggling in the trunk and as they look inside they find Michael Jackson cuddled up with Spritle and Chim-Chim. After Jackson closes the trunk, they drive to the museum and they save Amy who reveals the Crystal Skull from Will\'s dream to be the only thing that can stop the end of the world. As Will and Amy make their way to the altar, Calvin and the Princess find that the museum doors are closed and all the artifacts have come alive, including Kung Fu Panda, who fights Calvin. When Calvin makes out with the Princess after beating Kung Fu Panda, he accidentally removes her wig and discovers that the Princess is actually a transvestite. While this happens, Kung Fu Panda takes out a katana and kills Calvin and the Enchanted Princess. Meanwhile, Will and Amy run into a nude Beowulf, who fights with Will. After Beowulf is defeated, Will and Amy encounter Indiana Jones, who accept to be Will\'s father. Indiana tries to put the crystal skull on the altar, but he has an accident; Will does it instead, and he averts further destruction. The film ends with a wedding ceremony for Will and Amy being performed by The Guru Shitka. Then all the characters start to sing the "Dating song" , a song about dating each other, which sets off a chain, ending with the Chipmunks.'] ["The picture opens with the District Attorney , listening to voices from a recording in the black box retrieved from an air disaster. The docudrama then tells the story of director Enrique Piñeyro, who plays himself as T, a principled pilot at LAPA, an Argentine airline, upset over his company's disregard of basic safety regulations in order to save money. When T complains, he is labeled a troublemaker by the airline company. Soon he's chastised by his fellow pilots. When things get worse he walks out of the cockpit after multiple navigational instruments are inoperative and refuses to fly. The company simply replaces him and gets another pilot to fly. Increasingly frustrated and worried about a crash, T finally writes an angry letter to his superiors, warning that a crash is inevitable if action is not taken. The letter is leaked to the media, and the airline is sold, but the new owners want Pineyro to retract his statement. Complicating matters, their public relations person is Marcela , a love interest from his youth. Even though Marcela is married, T pursues her. T's story is inter-cut with the District Attorney who is looking into the LAPA flight 3142 crash, and starts receiving death threats. Yanelli's character manages to bring the company’s chief executives and the Argentine Air Force authorities before a criminal court, establishing a unique precedent in commercial aviation history."] ['The film tells the story of two men  and two women , who leave from a plague-ridden ship and reach the Malayan jungle.'] ["{{Plot}} In 1989, astronomer Dr. Peter Crawford discovers a comet on a collision with Earth. He reports his findings to the council, but they think it is a joke and refuse to listen to him. Ten years later the comet, now called Tycus, is rapidly closing on the Earth. But Tycus is not on a collision course with the Earth; Tycus is going to impact the moon. If Tycus does impact the moon, it will be shattered and the fragments will be pulled in by Earth's gravity. Dr. Crawford begins the construction of a vast city located under the Sierra Mountains. His city would provide a safe haven for a few people who would become the beginning of the new age after the catastrophe. A young reporter, Jake Lowe, is investigating the building site when he finds out that only a few people get to inhabit the city. So he requests to Dr. Crawford that he, his wife and unborn child get to be in the city because he discovered the city’s existence. Dr. Crawford agrees as he also wants his wife and daughter in the city. They plan to fly Crawford's jet to Los Angeles, now in a state of chaos as news of the comet is made public. Jake finds his wife and gets her to the rendezvous point. Unfortunately, someone has already taken the jet so Jake, his wife, and Crawford's family use a pick-up truck to reach the city. Tycus then smashes into the moon, shattering it. As the fragments approach, Crawford's group sees a group of people desperately waiting for the doors to the city to open. Crawford activates the elevator and walks towards the door. After they all entered the elevator, Crawford is grabbed by the group of people and he is forced to stay behind. The elevator descends into the underground city. The debris starts to rain down to Earth. The fragments obliterate every major city in the world: Paris, New York, London, Tokyo, Los Angeles, Moscow... Human civilization is wiped out... Much later after Earth has recovered from the disaster, in the year 2029, a group of people sitting in the Sierra Mountains tell of an ancient world where highways and buildings covered the Earth's surface. They tell of Dr. Crawford who first discovered the little dot in the sky and how that little dot would lead to the downfall of mankind. As the story continues, they tell us of how thousands of moons remind us of the new age and we are shown that the pieces left of the moon have formed an asteroid belt around the Earth… The film relied heavily on stock footage, recycling shots from Dante's Peak, Asteroid, and Air America amongst several films."] ["Pilot Jack Savage  is suspected of drinking and causing an airliner crash that kills 53 people and leaves only a single survivor, Martha Webster , a flight attendant. The captain's wartime buddy, airline executive Sam C. McBane , is convinced of his friend's innocence and investigates doggedly. Flashbacks deal with both Jack's past and Sam meeting him, plus others they used to know. Eventually, a test flight recreating the actual ill-fated flight shows that the crash was caused by a series of events."] ['This film was based on the novel by Arthur Hailey. With attention to the detail of day-to-day airport and airline operations, the plot concerns the response to a paralyzing snowstorm, environmental concerns over noise pollution, and an attempt to blow up an airliner. Demolition expert D.O. Guerrero , down on his luck and with a history of mental illness, buys life insurance with the intent of committing suicide by blowing up Trans Global Airlines Flight Two, known as The Golden Argosy, a Rome-bound Boeing 707 intercontinental jet, from a snowbound Chicago-area airport. He plans to set off a bomb in an attaché case while over the Atlantic with the intent that his wife, Inez , will collect the insurance money. When the Golden Argosy crew is made aware of Guerrero\'s presence and intentions, Captain Vernon Demerest , acting as a check pilot to evaluate Captain Anson Harris , goes back into the passenger cabin and tries to persuade Guerrero not to trigger the bomb. Meanwhile, airport manager Mel Bakersfeld  deals with personal, weather, runway and stowaway problems from the ground. When confronted by Captain Demerest, Guerrero briefly considers giving the attaché containing the bomb until a male passenger yells out to a passenger exiting the lavatory that Guerrero has a bomb. Guerrero, holding the case close to him, runs into the lavatory at the rear of the aircraft and triggers the bomb. The detonation blows a hole in the wall of the lavatory and Guerrero with it. Chief Stewardess Gwen Meighen , who is having an affair with the married Demerest and is pregnant with Demerest\'s child, is injured in the explosion and subsequent rapid decompression. With all airports east of Chicago unusable due to bad weather, the plane returns to Lincoln International for an emergency landing, even though another airliner stuck in snow has closed the primary runway. TWA  chief mechanic at Lincoln, Joe Patroni  is enlisted by Bakersfeld to lead the efforts to move the stuck aircraft, another Boeing 707, even though it belongs to a different airline, TGA  Patroni, who is "taxi-qualified" on Boeing 707s, is trying to move the stuck aircraft in time for Demerest\'s damaged aircraft to land. By exceeding the Boeing 707 flight manual\'s engine operating parameters, Patroni frees the stuck jet, allowing Lincoln International\'s primary runway to be reopened just in time to permit the crippled Golden Argosy to land. The film is characterized by personal stories intertwining while decisions are made minute-by-minute by the airport and airline staffs, operations and maintenance crews, flight crews, and FAA air traffic controllers.'] ['The SS Poseidon, an ocean liner slated for retirement and scrapping, is making her way across the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea from New York City to Athens. Despite the protests of Captain Harrison , who fears for the ship\'s safety in troubled waters, the representative of her new owners, Mr. Linarcos , insists that she make full speed towards its destination, preventing her from taking on additional water ballast. Detective Lieutenant Mike Rogo  and his former-prostitute wife Linda  — seasick, like many of the passengers — receive an invitation to the captain\'s table. Reverend Frank Scott , a minister questioning his faith and believing God helps those who help themselves, delivers a sermon at Mass. Susan Shelby  and her younger brother Robin  are traveling to meet their parents. Robin is interested in how the ship works and frequently visits the engine room. Retired Jewish hardware store owner Manny Rosen  and his wife Belle  are going to Israel to meet their two-year-old grandson for the first time. Haberdasher James Martin  is a love-shy, health-conscious bachelor. The ship\'s singer, Nonnie Parry  rehearses for the New Year celebrations with her band which includes her brother Teddy on drums. That evening, New Year\'s Eve, passengers gather in the dining room to celebrate. Captain Harrison is called to the bridge because of a report of an undersea earthquake. He receives word from the lookout that there is a huge wave heading towards them coming from the direction of Crete at 60 mph. He issues a mayday and commands a "hard left" turn, but it is too late. The wave hits the bridge, killing him, Linarcos, and the other ship\'s officers on the bridge. With its lack of ballast, the ship capsizes, killing or injuring many of the people on board. In the dining room, survivors take stock of their predicament. Acres , an injured waiter, is trapped at the galley door now high above. With information from Martin, Scott surmises that the escape route will be found \'upwards\', at the outer hull, which is now above water. Robin tells him that the hull near the propeller shaft is only one inch  thick. The Rosens, the Rogos, Nonnie, Susan, Robin, Acres, and Martin agree to go with him, using a Christmas tree as a ladder. He unsuccessfully tries to convince more passengers to join them. After the small group climbs to the galley, there is a series of explosions. As seawater floods the room the survivors rush to the Christmas tree, but the weight of everyone climbing causes it to collapse. Acres and Scott find the galley, and the survivors pick their way through it to a staircase. Scott climbs its underside and he and Rogo use a firehose to pull the others up. He leads them to an access tunnel. Rogo has been instructed to look after everybody, but just as Martin and Nonnie climb into the hole, water begins filling the corridor. While climbing up a long ladder inside the funnel, with Acres above them, the ship rocks from another series of explosions. Acres falls into the churning water and is lost despite Rogo\'s attempt to save him. Climbing out of the shaft, Scott and Rogo argue over the loss of Acres. Their group meets a larger band of survivors led by the ship\'s medic, heading towards the bow. Scott is certain they are heading for their doom, but Rogo wants to follow them and gives him fifteen minutes to go aft to find the engine room. Although he takes longer than allowed, he finds his way there. The group discovers the engine room is on the other side of a flooded corridor, so someone must swim through with a line to help the others. Belle, a former competitive swimmer, claims she can manage it, but Scott refuses and dives in with the line. Halfway through, a panel collapses on him, trapping him. The survivors notice something is wrong and Belle dives in. She frees him and they make it to the other side. As he secures the lifeline, Belle has a heart attack. Before dying she tells him to give her "Chai" pendant  to Rosen, who in turn will give it to their grandson. Rogo swims over to make sure Belle and Scott are all right, then leads the rest over. When Rosen swims to the other side and finds Belle\'s body he is unwilling to go on, but Scott gives him her Chai pendant, reminding him that he has a reason to live. Scott leads the survivors across a catwalk to the propeller shaft room\'s watertight door, but there is another series of explosions and Linda falls to her death. An infuriated and heartbroken Rogo blames her death on Scott. More explosions rupture a pipe that releases steam, blocking their escape. Scott, outraged about the three deaths and this final obstacle, rants at God for betraying the survivors. He leaps and grabs onto the burning-hot valve wheel to shut off the steam, then tells Rogo to lead the group before letting go of it, sacrificing himself. Rogo leads the remaining survivors — Rosen, Martin, Nonnie, Susan and Robin — through the watertight door and into the propeller shaft room. They hear a noise above the ship and bang on the ceiling/floor to get the rescuers\' attention. The rescuers then cut through the hull and help the group out of the ship. The survivors, the only six alive after the disaster, fly off to safety by helicopter.'] ["After a business trip to Hong Kong, businesswoman Beth Emhoff  stops in Chicago to have a sexual encounter with an old boyfriend before returning to her husband and family in suburban Minneapolis. At first she appears to have contracted a cold during her trip. Her son, Clark, also becomes symptomatic and is sent home from school. Beth's condition worsens and two days later she collapses with severe seizures in her home. Beth's husband, Mitch , rushes her to the hospital, but she continues to have seizures and dies of an unknown cause. Because it affects the brain and central nervous system, pathologists attribute it to a meningoencephalitis virus. Mitch returns home and finds that Clark has also died from a similar infection. Mitch is put in isolation but turns out to be genetically immune to the disease. He and his daughter attempt to flee the city, but a military quarantine has been imposed, and they are forced to return to their home to face decaying social order and rampant looting of stores and homes. Not knowing whether his daughter inherited his immunity, Mitch struggles to balance his teenage daughter's frustration with quarantine with his desire to protect her, while trying to come to terms with his own loss. In Atlanta, representatives from the Department of Homeland Security meet with Dr. Ellis Cheever  of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and express fears that the disease is a bioweapon intended to cause terror over the Thanksgiving weekend. Cheever sends Dr. Erin Mears , an Epidemic Intelligence Service officer, to Minneapolis to begin the investigation. In addition to tracing the outbreak back to Beth, Dr. Mears has to negotiate with local bureaucrats reluctant to commit resources. She later becomes infected with the disease after being in contact with contaminated fomites, while staying at her hotel. The Minnesota National Guard arrives to quarantine the city, and a badly deteriorating Dr. Mears is moved to the field medical station she helped set up, where she later dies. Investigations into cures via treatment protocols or vaccines initially prove fruitless as scientists cannot find a culture to grow the new virus, which has been named the Meningoencephalitis Virus One . Professor Ian Sussman  violates orders from a CDC scientist, Dr. Ally Hextall , to destroy his samples and identifies a line of bat cells that will support research of a vaccine. At the CDC, Dr. Hextall uses this breakthrough to begin to characterize the properties of the virus, which turns out to have a mix of genetic material from bat, pig and human viruses and appears to spread via fomites with a basic reproduction number of two. This later goes up to four after the virus mutates. Alan Krumwiede , a conspiracy theorist, posts videos about the disease, and in one of them appears sick and later claims that he recovered using a homeopathic cure called forsythia. Panicked people attempting to obtain forsythia overwhelm pharmacies, accelerating the contagion as infected and healthy people congregate. Krumwiede leaps to national attention and, during a television interview, accuses Dr. Cheever of informing friends and family to leave Chicago before a quarantine is imposed. It is later revealed Krumwiede was never sick with the virus, but was attempting to boost demand on behalf of investors in the companies producing and distributing the homeopathic treatment. He is arrested for conspiracy and fraud, but is soon released after his 12 million blog readers collect and pay his bail. Dr. Hextall identifies a potential vaccine, using an attenuated  virus. Because of the difficulties of human subjects testing, she follows the precedent of other vaccine researchers and inoculates herself first. Hextall visits her gravely ill father in the hospital to expose herself to the virus and test the vaccine. Production of the vaccine is rapidly ramped up and the CDC awards vaccinations via a random lottery based on birth dates for one full year until every survivor is vaccinated. Dr. Cheever, feeling guilty for his past actions to protect those who are close to him, gives his fast-tracked MEV-1 vaccination to the son of a janitor he works with at the disease center. Dr. Hextall places the surviving samples of the MEV-1 virus in cryogenic storage with H1N1 and SARS. Dr. Leonora Orantes , a World Health Organization epidemiologist, travels to Hong Kong to trace the origins of the infections. She collaborates with Sun Feng  and other local Chinese epidemiologists and public health officials and they identify Emhoff as patient zero. As the virus spreads, Feng kidnaps Orantes to use her as leverage to obtain the first MEV-1 vaccines for his village. Orantes spends months living in rural China with the villagers until the vaccine is announced. Feng exchanges Orantes for the vaccines, which turn out to be placebos. Orantes rushes away when she is informed of this, presumably to warn the village. In the last moments of the film we are presented with an extended flashback that explains the outbreak of the virus. A man driving a bulldozer that works for Beth's company accidentally knocks down a palm tree where bats are nesting. The bats become disturbed and fly away. One of the bats is carrying a virus; it flies onto a banana plant and eats a chunk of the banana. The bat then flies away, and onto a pole, over a pig pen. The bat drops a chunk of the banana out of its mouth and into the pig pen, where a pig eats the banana, and becomes infected with the bat's disease, creating a Bat-Pig hybrid. The next day, a group of Chinese chefs collect the pigs and take them to a casino. One of the Chinese chefs butchers the diseased pig and smothers his hands in its blood. The chef casually wipes the blood on his apron and goes over to shake hands with Beth Emhoff, creating the Bat-Pig-Human hybrid that makes her patient zero as the origin of the MEV-1 Virus."] ['Frank Towns  is the pilot of a twin-engine Fairchild C-82 Packet cargo aircraft from Jaghbub flying to Benghazi in Libya. Lew Moran  is the navigator while the passengers are Capt. Harris  and Sgt. Watson  of the British army; Dr. Renaud , a physician; Heinrich Dorfmann , a German aeronautical engineer; Mr. Standish , an oil company accountant; and several oil workers that include Trucker Cobb , a mentally disturbed foreman; Ratbags Crow , a mean-spirited, sardonic Scot; Carlos  and his pet monkey; and Gabriel . A sudden sandstorm shuts down the engines, forcing Towns to crash-land in the desert. As the aircraft careens to a stop, several oil drums and oil drilling gear break loose and severely injure Gabriel\'s leg. Two other workers are killed. With no functioning radio to call for help, the survivors wait to be rescued, but the storm blew them too far off-course to be found. Although they have a large quantity of dates for food, they calculate their water will only last for 10 to 15 days provided they avoid physical exertion. Harris and Carlos attempt to walk to an oasis. Carlos leaves his monkey behind with the men. Harris and Towns refuse to let Cobb go along due to his increasing mental instability, but he defiantly follows and dies. Days later, Harris returns to the crash site alone and barely alive. Meanwhile, Dorfmann has been working on a radical idea: He believes they can build a new aircraft from the wreckage. The C-82 has twin booms extending rearwards from each engine and connected by the horizontal stabilizer. Dorfmann\'s plan is to attach the outer panel of the right wing to the left engine, left boom and left wing outer panel, discarding the center fuselage and both inner wing panels of the aircraft. Harris and Moran believe he is either joking or deluded, and the animosity between Towns the veteran pilot and Dorfmann the aircraft designer increases. Post war anti-German sentiment also simmers under the surface. The struggle is complicated by a personality clash between Towns, who is a proud old traditionalist, and Dorfmann, a young, equally proud technician. Moran, a good natured man suffering from alcoholism, struggles to keep the peace. The tension only gets worse when Dorfmann bluntly explains that Gabriel will die before the aircraft flies. Although Towns is resistant, Renaud points out that activity and any hope will keep the men\'s morale up and so Towns agrees to the plan. Dorfmann supervises as the workers cut, haul, and weld parts of the aircraft. Towns is doubtful the plans will succeed. During the work, Gabriel takes his own life by slitting his wrist with a knife. The men are so depressed by the loss they contemplate giving up the new plane\'s construction. Things seem even bleaker when Towns discovers that Dorfmann has taken extra rations of water. However, Dorfmann promises to not do so again if they all work equally hard. Moran talks Towns into resuming work on the aircraft. When the new aircraft is almost complete, Standish labels it "The Phoenix" after the mythical bird that is reborn from its ashes. Any good moods, however, are quashed when Harris and Renaud are murdered by a band of native raiders. Final plans are made for the Phoenix\'s flight. Dorfmann loses his temper and stops working after Towns insists on testing the engine, which would deplete the scarce supply of explosive Coffman engine starter cartridges. Once again Moran must patch up the feud and work continues. Towns and Moran learn that Dorfmann designs model aircraft instead of full-sized aircraft. Dorfmann claims the principles are the same, but Towns and Moran are horrified at the idea of flying an aircraft made by a man who works with "toys." Without any other choice, however, Towns and Moran forge ahead with the plan and don\'t tell the others of their discovery. Just as the water runs out, the Phoenix is completed. Dorfmann panics when four cartridges fail to start the engine and Towns wants to use one of the remaining three cartridges just to clear the engine\'s cylinders. Dorfmann objects, but Towns ignores him and fires one cartridge with the ignition off. The penultimate cartridge succeeds. The men pull the Phoenix to a nearby hilltop and climb onto the wings with Carlos\'s pet monkey in tow. When Towns guns the engine, the Phoenix slides down the hill and along a lake bed before taking off. After the Phoenix lands at an oasis with a manned oil rig, the men celebrate and Towns and Dorfmann reconcile.'] ['The Wetherly family - husband Tom , wife Carol , and children Brad ([[Ross Harris , Mary Liz , and Scottie  - live in the fictional suburb of Hamlin, California, within a 90-minute drive of San Francisco, where Tom works. On a routine afternoon, Carol  listens to an answering-machine message from Tom saying he\'s on his way home for dinner. Scottie watches Sesame Street on TV as a sibling adjusts the TV antenna on the roof, when the show is suddenly replaced by white noise; suddenly, a San Francisco news anchor appears onscreen, saying they have lost their New York signal and there were explosions of "nuclear devices there in New York, and up and down the East Coast." The anchorman is cut off by the Emergency Broadcast System tone, then an announcer states that the White House is interrupting the program, asking people to stay off their phones. At the introduction of the President of the United States , the phone rings but goes dead just as Carol answers it. Suddenly, the blinding flash of a nuclear detonation is then seen through the window. The family huddles on the floor in panic as the town\'s air-raid sirens go off; minutes later, several of their neighbors are running around, dazed in fear and confusion. The family hopes Tom will return, but the circumstances are hard to ignore. The suburb of Hamlin survives relatively unscathed, because apparently the town is far enough from San Francisco to avoid blast damage. Frightened residents meet at the home of Henry Abhart ([[Leon Ames , an elderly ham radio operator. He has made contact with survivors in rural areas and internationally, and tells Carol that he was unable to reach anyone east of Keokuk, Iowa; a radio report told of an errant bomb hitting Yosemite National Park, causing trees and rocks to fall from the sky like rain. He reveals that the entire Bay Area and most major U.S. cities are radio-silent. The morning after the attack, they are joined by a child named Larry , who is soon part of the family, but later succumbs to radiation poisoning. Despite Abhart\'s efforts, no one knows the reason for the attack nor the responsible parties. Rumors from other radio operators range from a Soviet preemptive strike to terrorism. The school play about the Pied Piper of Hamelin was in rehearsal before the bombings; desperate to recapture some normality, the town decides to go on with the show anyway. The parents smile and clap, but their smiles are forced. Hamlin escaped bomb damage, but not the significant radiation from nuclear fallout. The day after the attack, the children notice "sand" on their breakfast plates: contaminated dirt settling back onto the ground from the blast. Residents have to cope with losing municipal services, food and gas shortages and, ultimately, the loss of loved ones to radiation sickness. Scottie, the first to succumb, is buried in the back yard. Carol screams at a Catholic priest  that she will not bury Scottie without his favorite  teddy bear. Wooden caskets are used as fuel for funeral pyres instead as the dead accumulate faster than they can be buried. Carol sews together a burial shroud out of bed sheets for her daughter, Mary Liz, who also dies from radiation exposure. While many of the children die, older residents fall to rapid dementia. A young couple  leave town after losing their infant, hoping to find safety and solace elsewhere. Carol\'s search for a battery causes her to listen once more to her husband\'s final message on the answering machine. To her sorrow, she finds a later  message on the machine from Tom: he decided to stay at work late in San Francisco on the day of the attack, and she now gives up her last hope that he will someday return home. Brad, forced into early adulthood, helps his mother and takes over the radio for Henry Abhart, who eventually dies. A bully who tormented Brad is caught breaking into their home; Brad tries to fight him off, but Carol scares him away. He manages to steal Brad\'s bicycle, and Brad starts using his father\'s bike, symbolically becoming the man of the house. The family adopts a mentally handicapped] boy named Hiroshi , whom Tom used to take fishing along with the other Wetherly kids, when his father Mike  dies. One night, Carol is outside when she sees a pile of bodies being burned. Stopping and staring at the fire for a moment, she then breaks down and cries. Carol, Brad and Hiroshi attempt suicide through carbon monoxide poisoning by sitting in the family\'s station wagon with the garage door closed, but Carol cannot bring herself to do it. The three end up sitting by candlelight to celebrate a birthday, using a graham cracker in place of a cake. When asked what they should wish for, Carol answers: "That we remember it all...the good and the awful." She blows out the candle. In closing, an old family film of a surprise birthday party for Tom plays, showing him as he blows out the candles on his cake.'] ['Kathie Rauch from Milwaukee, Wisconsin sends a letter to the German Embassy in Washington, D.C. claiming the Hindenburg zeppelin will explode after flying over New York. In the meantime, Luftwaffe Colonel Franz Ritter  boards with the intention of protecting the Hindenburg as various threats have been made to down the airship, which some see as a symbol of Nazi Germany. Ritter is assisted by a Nazi government official, SS/Gestapo Hauptsturmführer Martin Vogel , who poses as official photographer. However, both operate independently in investigating the background of all passengers and crew on the voyage. Ritter has reason to suspect everyone, even his old friend, Countess Ursula von Reugen , who vehemently opposes the Nazi regime. Other prime suspects include card sharks Emilio Pajetta  and Major Napier , Edward Douglas , a suspicious German-American ad executive, as well as several crew members and even the Hindenburg captains Pruss  and Lehmann . As the Hindenburg makes its way to Lakehurst Air Field, events conspire against Ritter and Vogel. They soon suspect the rigger Karl Boerth , a former Hitler Youth leader who has become disillusioned with the Nazis. Ritter attempts to arrest him. Boerth resists. He requests help from Ritter, whose son was killed a year before. Boerth\'s girlfriend, Freda Halle, was killed while trying to escape arrest as the Hindenburg crossed the Atlantic. Boerth, upon hearing the news of Halle\'s death, plans to commit suicide by staying aboard the airship as the bomb goes off. Ritter eventually agrees with Boerth to set the bomb to 7:30, when the airship should have landed and passengers disembarked. While setting up the bomb, Boerth drops the knife part which is recovered by a crew member, to cover up the loss of his knife, Boerth stole the knife from fellow Rigger Ludwig Knorr. Vogel starts to work behind Ritter\'s back, arresting Boerth and confiscating the Countess\'s passport. As the airship approaches Lakehurst Naval Air Station at 7:00, Ritter now realizes the landing has been delayed and searches for Boerth to ask where the bomb is. Vogel is caught by Ritter torturing Boerth and gets into a fight with Ritter and is knocked unconscious. An injured Boerth tells Ritter the bomb is in the repair patch of gas cell 4. Ritter attempts to defuse the bomb, but is unable to do so in time and is spotted at the last few seconds by a now awakened Vogel. The bomb explodes, killing Ritter instantly and sending Vogel flying down the walkway. Vogel would later survive, being carried by ground crewmen, while Boerth dies of his burns. At this point the film changes to monochrome in order to match up with the newsreel footage of the disaster. Passengers and crew struggle to survive the fire. The disaster scene ends when the camera pans over wreckage, towards a strip of burning fabric that says "Hindenburg" on it. The following day, with the fire cleared, a list of passengers who died or survived is described briefly, while the wreckage is examined for the inquiry before being cleaned up. The story ends with a tribute to Herbert Morrison\'s radio commentary, with the memorable quotation, "Oh the humanity," as the Hindenburg flies once again, only to disappear again in the clouds.'] ["Dr. Jeremiah Morley  is concerned about an imminent nuclear war. He organizes an expedition of scientists and has them use an atomic-powered machine, capable of drilling through earth and stone, known as the Cyclotram, to find an underground environment where people could escape from nuclear obliteration. The expedition, consisting of Jim Bannon, Marilyn Nash, Otto Waldis, Tom Handley and Dick Cogan begins, after government funding has fallen through and they are bailed out at the last minute with private financing from a newspaper heir Bruce Kellogg, who insists on going with them as a lark. Romantic rivalry develops between Bannon and Kellogg for Nash, and two lives are lost to perils of the expedition, but in the end, the scientists accomplish their goal and find an enormous expanse with plentiful air, its own ocean and phosphorus light. However, the lab rabbits they have brought with them give birth to dead rabbits. Ms Nash discovers through an autopsy that the underground world has rendered the rabbits, and hence any other life form sterile. Dr Morley is depressed by the news and when an underground volcano erupts he doesn't enter the cyclotram and perishes. The survivors enter the underground sea and find themselves rising up to the surface of the upper world in the ocean, fortunately near a tropical island. Many of the plot elements seem to have been reused in The Core."] ['The film opens, showing that Mya  is cheating on her husband Lewis  with a man named Ben . The lovers plan to escape from the city of Terminus on a train together that night, which is New Year\'s Eve. As Mya exits, Ben turns the TV on, showing a bizarre, psychedelic sequence of images. Mya begins to listen to a CD given to her by Ben, but is menaced by men who are acting strangely in a parking garage. When she reaches her apartment building, she finds people acting strangely as well. Unknown to Mya, the Signal, a static-like interference that is coming through the TV, radio and telephone amplifies each person\'s negative emotional traits, causing them to act irrationally and in most cases violently. Once inside her apartment, Lewis and two friends, Jerry and Rod  attempt to fix the TV, but Lewis, the first to react to the Signal, beats Jerry to death with a baseball bat over a minor argument. Mya escapes in panic, leaving Rod and Lewis in a struggle. After escaping, she finds the whole building in chaos with people killing each other. Mya hides out in the nearby apartment until morning. When she decides to leave and re-enter her home, she finds an unconscious Lewis, bound to a chair with duct-tape. He awakens only to see her leave him behind and exit into the hall listening to Ben\'s CD, but encounters Rod who drags her into a janitor\'s closet. He then tells her of the night he spent trying to survive in the apartment complex. It becomes evident that the Signal affects each person differently, and that there is the possibility that Rod is also crazy, though he seems to largely have control of his own judgement. Together, they escape, and attempt to drive to safety, but after being shot by a policewoman and almost left behind by Mya, Rod turns on the radio in anger, exposing himself to the Signal. He goes violently insane and attacks Mya, who crashes the car. Rod is incapacitated and trapped in the vehicle, and Mya flees, telling a passerby named Clark  that she is going to the train station to leave Terminus. The story turns to Ben, who finds the duct-taped Lewis and loosens his bonds. Lewis knocks Ben unconscious and puts his body in the back of a pest control van. At a nearby apartment, Anna  is setting up for a New Year party. The Signal has affected her so that her dutifulness as a homemaker is amplified, and despite having killed her crazed husband in self-defense, she has continued planning for the party as if nothing has happened. Clark, who is her neighbour and a conspiracy theory nut, soon arrives. The two begin attempting to figure out what is happening, and Clark also admits that he had decapitated Rod, who had attacked him after being freed from the car wreck. Eventually Lewis makes his way to the apartment, under the mistaken belief that Mya has been there because her car is crashed outside. At first, Lewis befriends Anna and Clark, and they convince themselves that none of them have been affected by the Signal, and that they have to band together in order to survive. Lewis, whose violent and paranoid tendencies are clearly amplified by the Signal, immediately kills Anna\'s niece, Laura , who arrives at the door seeking help. He dismisses the act as self-defense, but Clark convinces him not to attack the next arrival, Jim  who is apparently oblivious of the situation. While Anna hallucinates that Clark is her husband, Lewis hallucinates that Jim is Ben, taunting him. He beats Jim to death, then attacks Anna, spraying her with insecticide until she is blind. Once he realizes she knows nothing about Mya\'s whereabouts, Lewis forces her to ingest the poison, killing her. He then exposes Clark to the Signal in order to convince him to tell him where Mya had gone. Ben, having woken up and freed himself from Lewis\'s van, enters the apartment and attacks Lewis with the pesticide canister, knocking him out. Lewis wakes up and follows Ben and Clark. He attempts to kill them in a tool shed, but they fight him off and escape. After Ben convinces Clark that the Signal "is a lie", thus breaking its effect on him, Clark informs Ben where Mya was headed. Ben and Clark make a run through the now mostly-dead city and arrive at the train station. There, they find Mya tied to a chair, being forced to watch the Signal by Lewis, who attacks them and strangles Clark until he is unconscious. Ben then resorts to use Lewis\'s own paranoia against him, eventually tricking Lewis into believing that their roles are reversed, and that Lewis is the one man he hates most: Mya\'s "other man". Lewis punches a signal-broadcasting TV in a frustrated rage, electrocuting himself. The story ends ambiguously. A series of scenes showing Ben and Mya escaping with Clark, stocking up on supplies, then Ben and Mya going separate ways from Clark, suggesting they have succeeded. However we then see Mya still tied to the chair, seemingly lost due the prolonged exposure to the Signal. Ben places Mya\'s headphones on her and she closes her eyes, a tear rolling down her cheek, before the credits appear. Whether this is the final reality, or a flashback before Ben and Mya\'s escape from the city, is left for the viewer to decide.'] [' In September 2012, military virologist Lieutenant Colonel Robert Neville  is the last healthy and immune human in New York City. A genetically-engineered variant of the measles virus created by Dr. Alice Krippin , meant as a cure for cancer, had mutated into a lethal strain. It spread throughout the world, killing 90% of humanity. Most survivors became predatory, vampiric{{cite web}} beingsThe DVD/Blu-Ray subtitles refer to the infected as hemocytes&nbsp;– actually a cell type found in an insect\'s immune system. called "Darkseekers" that emerge after dusk to prey on those immune to the virus. In December 2009, Neville had lost his wife Zoe  and daughter Marley  in a helicopter accident during a chaotic quarantine of Manhattan.  Neville\'s daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus and trips through a decaying Manhattan to collect supplies or hunt for deer. He keeps vigil each day for a response to his recorded AM radio broadcasts, which instruct any survivors to meet him at midday at the South Street Seaport. Neville\'s isolation is broken only by the companionship of his pet German Shepherd Samantha and interaction with mannequins he has set up as patrons of a video store. To test a treatment, Neville sets a snare trap and captures an infected woman. An enraged mutated alpha male attempts to rescue her, but is driven back by the sunlight. In the laboratory in his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home, Neville tries the new serum on the infected woman, seemingly without success. The next day, after finding one of his mannequins moved out in the street in front of Grand Central Terminal, Neville is caught in a snare trap and passes out. He regains consciousness at dusk and frees himself, but a pack of infected dogs attack Neville and Sam. Although Neville and Sam kill the dogs, an infected dog bites Sam during the fight. Neville brings Sam home and attempts to save the dog by injecting a strain of his serum, but it is too late, as Sam starts to mutate, which then forces Neville to kill her. Overwhelmed by grief and rage of the loss of his dog, Neville attacks a group of the infected on the seaport the following night with his SUV. He kills many, but they overwhelm and nearly kill him before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans, a woman named Anna  and a boy named Ethan , who followed his radio broadcasts. Anna and Ethan take him back to his home. Anna explains that they are making their way to a survivors\' camp in Bethel, Vermont. Neville does not believe that such a camp exists and expresses doubt when Anna says that God told her about it. The following night, the alpha male leads an infected mob in an attack on Neville\'s house. Anna, who was unaware of Neville\'s precautions in covering his scent outside the house, inadvertently allowed the infected to follow their trail. As the infected charge the house, Neville stops the first wave with claymore mines, but finds himself defenseless against the second wave. As Neville tries to find Anna and Ethan, an infected enters and attacks him. The infected retreats upstairs and begins tearing a hole in the roof so others can get in. After Neville saves Anna and Ethan, they retreat into the laboratory. They seal themselves in a reinforced plexiglass room with the infected woman, and discover that Neville\'s treatment is working; the subject looks much more human. The infected break in and the alpha male begins to throw himself against the plexiglass, cracking it. Neville draws a vial of the infected woman\'s blood and gives it to Anna before shutting them inside a coal chute in the back of the lab. He detonates an M67 grenade to destroy the attackers at the cost of his own life. Anna and Ethan arrive at the survivors\' colony, where Anna hands over the antidote. Anna later states that the survivors are Neville\'s legacy, as his fight for a cure became legend.'] ['The movie tells about the outbreak of a virulent bacteria in a secret military laboratory operating under the guise of a pesticide manufacturer. During routine work a sealed tube is broken, releasing the secret biological weapon. Where upon detecting the release of the agent, one of the plant\'s security officers activate "Protocol One", a procedure sealing all of the workers inside from the outside world and they are left to wait out the deadly effects. A local County Sheriff whose pregnant wife, the security officer, is trapped inside, and with the help of a past employee who is a known alcoholic, must fight through a government agency and the chemically affected workers to find his wife and put a stop to the spread of the lethal weapon. The former employee had started creating an antidote to the weapon, which the sheriff and his wife create and deploy.'] ['The film starts later in the day, following a an all-out atomic war, which has apparently destroyed most  human civilization, and has left the Earth contaminated with radioactive fallout. The apparent single exception being a box canyon, surrounding by lead-bearing cliffs, in which former Navy Commander Jim Maddison, lives with his daughter, Louise, in a home stocked with supplies and located in the canyon, against just such a holocaust. Into this natural bomb shelter come stumbling several survivors, who just by happenstance were inside the canyon when the war occurred. After initially refusing to admit the others, Jim relents when his daughter pleads with him and appeals to his humanity. Among the survivors are a geologist, Rick - who just by coincidence happens to specialize in uranium mining - , and a small-time hood, Tony , and his "moll" Ruby, on their way to San Francisco. After establishing the basic characters, the film presents two obvious struggles for survival: the first being the simple question of whether the radioactive fallout will dissipate, and if so, before the rain comes to wash what\'s in the atmosphere down to Earth, contaminating their shelter. The second threat comes in the form of a giant, hideous monster, who seems bent on killing anything it comes across, but only eating those creatures who are contaminated by fallout. A less obvious, but no less dangerous threat, is the hidden menace of Tony; although seemingly charming and helpful to the others, his true character and intentions are revealed to the audience: he wants the other men out of the way, so that he can have the two women to himself. In a climactic, final act, all three dangers coincide, as the monster kidnaps Louise, but then releases her into a small lake, where he is obviously afraid to enter. Rick appears and attacks the creature, which then runs away, as it begins to rain. Following the creature, they find it destroyed by the rain, and realize that it used to be Louise\'s missing fiance. Tony, having stabbed Ruby to death, after she realizes that he wants to be with the younger Louise, then steals Jim\'s pistol and waits to waylay Rick when he returns with Louise. As he takes aim at the approaching Rick, Jim reveals a second, concealed pistol, and shoots Tony to death. Jim then dies from radiation poisoning, but not before revealing that the rain is radiation-free and will wash away all of the remaining contamination, making the world safe to venture out into again, and that he has heard voices on the radio of other survivors. Rick and Louise, the final two survivors of the original group, walk hand in hand out of the canyon, with the end-card, "The Beginning" appearing on the screen.'] ['The film opens with a long shot of a Liverpool-bound train waiting to depart from Euston station in London. The train leaves with various characters on board. After dark, the train is still travelling north at speed when a light being waved by the trackside is seen by the driver. He applies the brakes, but a road tanker stalled across a level crossing is looming up just ahead. Plainly, there is not enough room to stop. Just as the collision is about to occur there is a fade out, which is succeeded by a general view of the railway locomotive sheds at Euston, three days earlier. Several personal stories are then told in a series of flashbacks which make up the train of events referred to in the title. Peter Finch plays Philip, an actor on board the train who has a dark secret. He has been visited by his estranged wife, and in a tense scene set in his lodgings we learn that she has been unfaithful while he was serving in the Army. She jeers at him, and he is roused to one supreme effort of revenge, strangling her while a gramophone plays These Foolish Things. The theatre party to which he belongs is travelling on the train, en route to a tour of Canada. Also on board is a costume hamper, which contains the body of his wife. He is hoping to "lose" it somehow on the Transatlantic crossing, but two suspicious detectives have been tracking him, and are on board the train too. Also among those troubled on this journey are a desperate couple, Richard and Ella . He is a former prisoner of war on the run, who hates the idea of returning to Germany. They have endured a miserable life of subterfuge in a succession of seedy lodgings, and Ella is hoping that they can start again on the other side of the Atlantic. However, Ella has stolen money from her landlady\'s cashbox in order to pay for the journey, and there was only enough for one of them to emigrate. Selflessly, she intends that it will be him. A lighter note is sounded by the tale of composer Raymond Hillary , who is travelling to a performance away from London with his star pianist, the temperamental Irina . Although married, he has a string of dalliances behind him, and Irina is the latest of these. The fourth story takes place at the front of the train, centred on engine driver Jim Hardcastle ([[Jack Warner . He is facing his own crisis, because he is a candidate for a job in management at the locomotive sheds. This would take him off the footplate and allow him to work office hours for the first time in his career, which is the heartfelt wish of his wife Emily . However, in order to protect his daughter\'s future husband when he was accidentally absent, Jim illicitly worked the younger man\'s shift, and this innocent deception could cost him the promotion. The scene returns to the train, which is now roaring through the dark of the evening. Again, there is the light by the track, and the tanker just ahead. This time, we see the whole collision. The derailed and damaged train is lying in ruins. Jim Hardcastle groggily recovers consciousness in a pile of coal from the overturned tender, and shocked passengers wander about. One of them is Richard, but Ella cannot wander. She is on a stretcher and evidently badly hurt, and dies before she can be taken away for treatment. Philip, meanwhile, seems unhurt and tries to make a dash for freedom. But as he tries to evade the detectives he runs dangerously close to the wreckage, just in time to be caught as the end of an unstable coach collapses on top of him. Irina and Raymond are only bruised, and their company is able to continue with their performance, albeit in bandages. There is a happy ending for driver Jim. The final scene shows him waving goodbye to his wife, as he prepares to cycle across to the locomotive sheds on his first day in that nine-to-six job.'] ["An aircraft is bound for Boca Grande, somewhere in South America, making a pick-up stop in Central America. Passengers: Jud Ellis  is escorting his fiancé Louise Melhorn ; repentant political assassin Vasquel  is being transported back to the proper authorities by detective Crimp ; mobster Pete Bostwick ([[Jesse White  is accompanying a little boy named Tommy, whose father is Bostwick's boss; an elderly couple, Professor and Mrs. Spanger , are apparently on vacation; and jilted blonde bombshell Rena , on her way to a South American casino, is vying for Ellis's attention. After a temporary stop in Panama, Professor Spanger wishes to order “arroz con pollo” at a local restaurant. His wife prevents him from ordering a dish not “meant for human consumption;” the dish is merely Spanish for chicken and rice. During its flight, the aircraft enters a rough storm and is dangerously jostled about. A portable oxygen tank is loosened from its mooring, and crashes through one of the fuselage doors, killing the flight attendant, Maria Alvarez  who is thrown out of the aircraft. The crew is then forced to make an emergency landing in the jungle, aircraft intact. Crimp tries to take charge of the group, but the captain stops him. Momentarily, Ellis becomes psychologically unhinged, and tries to force himself upon Louise, but co-pilot Brooks steps in to dissuade him. Late at night, Crimp renders Bostwick temporarily unconscious, steals the gun he was guarding, then flees into the jungle. Later, the aircraft is repaired, but soon after searching and finding an errant Tommy, Bostwick and Rena discover Crimp’s headless body. Soon, local head hunters shoot Bostwick dead by poison dart. The crew and passengers decide the best escape strategy; since there is only one good engine to help the aircraft fly over the mountains, the human cargo will have to be exceptionally light, so some will have to stay behind. With gun in hand, Vasquel forcibly takes charge of the matter, and chooses those that will be able to return to civilization; Ellis tries to stop him and is shot dead. The aircraft manages to take off, dropping off a cliff and then narrowly clearing the mountains. The elderly Spanger couple choose to stay behind, facing a horrible death from the head hunters. With only two bullets left in his gun, Vasquel shoots the Spanger couple and prays for forgiveness as he waits for his own death."] ["The film opens up with an image of Central Oregon's Mount Bachelor and the Central Oregon Cascades, which is the fictional setting for Mount St. Helens itself. On March 20, 1980 an earthquake of 4.1 on the Richter Scale strikes Mount St. Helens, signalling the first signs of volcanic activity in 123 years. During the first earthquake, a flight of quail becomes disoriented and smashes into the windshield of an Aerospatiale SA341G Gazelle helicopter being used for logging operations. Pilot Otis Kaylor lands the helicopter, only to be accused of nearly killing a group of loggers. Shortly afterward, David Jackson , a United States Geological Survey scientist, is sent to investigate the activity. Upon arriving in the small town of Cougar , he quickly befriends a single mother named Linda Steele , who is a waitress at a fictional restaurant named Whittaker's Inn. While there, he stirs up concern with the owner, Clyde Whittaker , and a group of farmers and loggers. Art Carney, in one of his finest roles, stars as the 83-year-old Mount St. Helens Lodge owner Harry Randall Truman. Throughout the film, Carney delivers a stellar depiction of Truman and his defiant attitude toward the idea of leaving his home. Later in the film, as the volcanic activity increases, so does the attraction between David and Linda, and the two eventually fall in love. In their last scene in the movie, he packs Linda and her son off to safety and stays behind for the work that needed to be done on Johnston Ridge, presumably on the day before the eruption. Later that night, he pays a last visit to Harry Truman. On May 18, 1980, David hikes to a ridgetop on the north face of Mount St. Helens to monitor some scientific equipment, then the mountain explodes, apparently killing him and Harry Truman in his nearby house. As the film ends, Linda soon realizes the horror of the day's events when a radio announcer declares that one of the first victims was Jackson. The film ends with a scene of a small plant growing back to life amidst the barren moonscape that was the North Fork Toutle River valley."] ["The film begins with footage from a news cameraman and reporter, who are covering a story about an immigrant man killing his wife and son before committing suicide. The son and wife turn into zombies and kill several medical personnel and police officers but leave one medic and a reporter bitten before being killed. The narrator, Debra, explains most of the footage was never broadcast, but was recorded by the cameraman. A group of young film studies students from the University of Pittsburgh are in the woods making a horror film along with their faculty adviser, Andrew Maxwell, when they hear news of an apparent mass-rioting and mass murder. Two of the students, Ridley and Francine, decide to leave the group, while the project director Jason goes to visit his girlfriend Debra . When she cannot contact her family, they travel to Debra's parent's house in Scranton, Pennsylvania. En route Mary runs over a highway patrolman and three other zombies. The group stops and Mary attempts to kill herself. Her friends take her to a hospital, where they find the dead becoming zombies, and thereafter fight to survive while traveling to Debra's parents. Mary becomes a zombie and is slain by Maxwell. Later Gordo is bitten by a zombie. His girlfriend Tracy begs the others not to shoot him immediately but later is forced to shoot him herself. Soon they are stranded when their vehicle's fuel line breaks. They are attacked by zombies while Tracy repairs the vehicle with the assisstance of a deaf Amish man named Samuel. Before escaping, Samuel is bitten and kills himself and his attacker with a scythe. Passing a city they are stopped by an armed group of survivors, the leader being member of the National Guard. There, Debra receives a message from her younger brother, who informs her that he and their parents were camping in West Virginia at the time of the initial attacks and are now on their way home. The students then leave for Debra's house. Their only reliable source of information is now the Internet, aided by bloggers. When they arrive at Debra's house, they find her reanimated mother and brother feeding on her father. They escape from the house and are stopped by different National Guardsmen, who rob them, leaving them only their weapons. They arrive at Ridley's mansion, where Ridley explains that his parents, the staff, and Francine were killed by zombies. He then imprisons Debra and Tony and is revealed as a zombie himself. He kills Eliot and attacks Tracy and Jason. Jason is able to distract Ridley long enough for Tracy to escape. The survivors then hide in an enclosed shelter, with the exception of Jason, who is later infected by Ridley. Maxwell kills Ridley and Debra kills Jason, and continues filming. At the end of the film, Debra watches Jason's recording of a hunting party shooting people who were left to die and be reanimated as shooting targets and wonders whether the human race is worth saving."] ['In the town of Ogden Marsh, Iowa, David , the local sheriff enjoys a baseball game. His deputy, Russell Clank ([[Joe Anderson , spots Rory Hamill, a local resident, entering the outfield holding a shotgun, presumably drunk. David is forced to shoot and kill the unresponsive Rory. David and his wife Judy , the community doctor, begin to notice other town residents exhibiting bizarre behavior, including listlessness and repetitive speech. The next night, a local farmer burns his house down with his wife and son trapped inside, killing them. While investigating the discovery of a pilot\'s body in a swamp, David and Russell discover a military aircraft submerged under the water, which David realizes has contaminated the drinking water and caused the town residents odd behavior. Against the mayor\'s direct orders, he shuts off the town\'s water supply. Soon after, communication services are lost in town, and soldiers arrive to take all residents to quarantine at the high school. Everyone is examined for symptoms of infection. Judy does not pass the examination and is separated from David. She explains her fever is due to pregnancy, but is sedated anyway. She wakes strapped to a gurney as the perimeter of the facility is breached by the infected townspeople in an effort to escape. The military personnel evacuate, abandoning Judy and the other civilians. David is nearing evacuation, but escapes and rejoins Russell. They rescue Judy and her hospital assistant, Becca . David, Judy, Russell, and Becca make their way out of town on foot, unable to find a working vehicle. They encounter Becca\'s boyfriend, Scotty, when they pass through his farm. Soldiers raid the farm, shoot Scotty and his mother, and burn the bodies. They learn that the soldiers have been ordered to shoot all civilians who have potentially been exposed. The group repair a patrol car, and, once on the road, are spotted by an attack helicopter and drive into a car wash for cover. The infected attack and kill Becca, and the helicopter destroys the car. On foot, Russell disables a passing government SUV with a police spike strip. The driver, presumably a government agent, reveals the cargo plane contained "Trixie," a "Rhabdoviridae prototype" biological weapon. Enraged, Russell shoots the driver and threatens Judy and David. When confronted about his behavior, Russell realizes he is infected and, after being disarmed, begs to go on with Judy and David. He later dies while distracting soldiers at a blockade, so that Judy and David can sneak past. David and Judy arrive at a truck stop to search for a vehicle, discovering the military also executed those who were evacuated. Fending off the infected, they escape in a semi-truck. Ogden Marsh is destroyed in a massive explosion as they flee, and their truck flips in the passing shockwave. As the couple walk towards Cedar Rapids, a view from a military satellite highlights first the couple, then the city, and the words "Initiate containment protocol" appear, signifying a new containment attempt. In the credits, Bruce Aune, a real newscaster from KCRG-TV 9 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa reports that an explosion originating from the Dakon Pendrill chemical plant started a massive fire in Ogden Marsh. He says a perimeter has been set and civilians are not being allowed into the area.'] ['The film is based on the fate of the brigantine Albatross, which sank on 2 May 1961, allegedly because of a white squall. The film relates the ill-fated school sailing trip led by Dr. Christopher B. Sheldon , whom the boys call "Skipper". He is tough and teaches them discipline. He forms a close connection with all-American Chuck Gieg , troubled rich kid Frank Beaumont , shy Gil Martin  and bad-boy Dean Preston . When a white squall threatens their ship, the boys must use what Skipper has taught them to survive the horrific ordeal.'] ['Kevin Harrison , an arms dealer, attempts to destroy an American-owned Concorde on its maiden flight after one of the passengers, Maggie Whelan , learns of his weapons sales to communist countries during the Cold War. The Concorde takes off from Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris. Captain Paul Metrand  makes conversation with Isabelle , the purser. They land at Dulles Airport. Maggie Whalen  recaps the arrival of the Concorde and reports on the "Goodwill" flight on the Concorde the following day, which leads to a story of future boyfriend Kevin Harrison  and his Buzzard missile project. Carl Parker shows up at Maggie\'s house with a claim about documentation of illegal arms deals. Carl is shot before a passerby triggers a fire alarm, scaring the assailant away. Capt. Joe Patroni introduces himself to Captain Metrand. The next morning, Maggie tells Harrison about her ordeal and the rumor of documents. Kevin claims someone is framing him. He sends Maggie off in a limo while he waits for his business partner Willie Halpern to arrive. Kevin tells Willie that Parker is dead, but they do not have the documents. Kevin asks what time the next launch of the Buzzard is. Willie replies 6:30; Kevin wants it delayed until 8:00 and the drone test reprogrammed. Paul and Joe board the Concorde. It is difficult to determine the Pilot-in-Command as both of them are captains. Peter O\'Neill ([[David Warner , the 2nd officer and flight engineer, is living with a controlling girlfriend. Kevin surprises Maggie at the airline check-in desk to see her off. He asks if the documents showed up, but they have not. As he is walking away, Carl Parker\'s wife delivers the documents to Maggie as she steps on the mobile lounge. She looks them over on the lounge and realizes that Kevin lied to her. The Concorde takes off from Washington/Dulles enroute to Paris where, unbeknownst to the flight crew, an off-course SAM is headed straight for them. At company headquarters, Kevin tells his controllers to alert the government. The USAF scrambles F-15 fighter jets to intercept the missile just as it locks onto the Concorde. An F-15 shoots down the missile before it collides with the Concorde. As the Concorde is approaching the European coastline, an F-4 Phantom sent by Harrison engages the Concorde as French Air Force Mirages scramble to help the Concorde. The Mirages shoot down the F-4 and the Concorde continues to Paris, although to Le Bourget instead of Charles de Gaulle. The Concorde reaches the French coastline, landing with a damaged hydraulic system and just barely stopping at the last safety net. Captain Metrand and Isabelle invite Joe to dinner. Kevin arrives at de Gaulle, where an associate meets him, stating that he has another plan. Joe, Paul and Isabelle meet for dinner with a date for Joe as promised by Paul. Maggie meets Kevin for dinner. He promises to go public with the documents but attempts to bribe Maggie into "polishing" his statement. After being paid by Kevin, a mechanic, Rollie, places a device in the Concorde\'s cargo door control unit, timed to open during flight. As the passengers board the Concorde, a well-dressed woman  attempts to smuggle a dog aboard. She is caught by an alert Isabelle and leaves the aircraft. Inside the terminal, Rollie is in line at the security checkpoint when his money falls out of his pant leg. The x-ray technician attempts to return it, but Rollie pretends not to hear and runs off. The security guard tells his partner to call security before chases Rollie. Rollie runs onto the runway where the Concorde is taking off. The aircraft\'s wake scatters the money he received from Kevin. The aircraft is en route to Moscow when the automatic device opens the cargo door. When Captain Metrand investigates, he sees the carpet tear down the middle of the aisle, signifying the fuselage is under tremendous stress and the aircraft is about to break apart. The cargo door is ripped off, extensively damaging the aircraft and ripping the floor of the cabin from the aircraft as it spirals toward the ground. The airline founder\'s seat lodges in the hole, acting as a plug. The pilots attempt to fly to Innsbruck for an emergency landing, but realize they do not have enough fuel. Paul realizes they are flying towards a ski area he used to go to in the Alps; they could make a gear-up landing on a mountain-side. The aircraft approaches the landing site while the ski patrol marks a runway. The aircraft lands successfully. Maggie gives a report of the accident to a news reporter and gives details about a major story she is about to release. Kevin hears the newscast and commits suicide. At the crash site, the last of the crew leaves the aircraft shortly before fuselage caves in and explodes from leaking fuel.'] ['Young lovers Ruth Beckett  and Jimmy Kemp  decide to marry due to an unplanned pregnancy. As they and their families are introduced into the plot, news reports over the course of several weeks indicate that the Soviet Union has invaded Iran following a coup, and that the United States military, with British support, has intervened. As the situation escalates and events transpire, Sheffield City Council is directed by the Home Office to assemble an emergency operations team, which establishes itself in a makeshift bomb shelter in the basement of the Town Hall. The crisis deepens as the Soviets use a nuclear warhead, delivered by a surface-to-air missile, to destroy incoming American B-52 bombers attacking a Soviet-occupied airbase in Mashhad. The Americans respond by detonating a battlefield nuclear weapon at the airbase. Hostilities temporarily cease. Britain is gripped by fear: as supplies and food run low, some retailers resort to profiteering, with looting and rioting erupting. "Known subversives"  are arrested and interned under the Emergency Powers Act. At 8:30am  on 26 May, Attack Warning Red is transmitted, sending the emergency operations team into frantic action. The city\'s air raid sirens sound, and Sheffield erupts into panic, prompting Jimmy and his workmate Bob to take cover under their van. A warhead detonates over the North Sea, creating an electromagnetic pulse that disrupts power and communications over the region. Minutes later the first salvo of Soviet nuclear weapons strikes NATO targets in Western Europe, including RAF Finningley {{convert}} from Sheffield. The flash and mushroom cloud cause panic. People caught in the open are injured by flying debris as the blast blows out windows across the city. As the blast wave passes, Jimmy and Bob clamber out and Jimmy runs to his car, shouting that he is going to try to reach Ruth, but the car will not start so he sets off on foot through the chaos. He is never seen again. The Becketts hurry to their basement while the Kemps  desperately rush to finish a shelter they were preparing out of mattresses, bags and doors. Jimmy\'s younger sister, Alison, was sent to the shops minutes before the attack Mrs. Kemp is seen shielding her youngest son, Michael, as a blast blows in the front windows of the house. Minutes later, Michael is seen crying in the aviary. He is still there when a larger nuclear warhead detonates directly over Sheffield. As the exchange escalates, strategic targets including steel and chemical factories in the Midlands are attacked with nuclear weapons, instantly vaporising thousands of people and ravaging everything with fire. The worldwide nuclear exchange is 3000 megatons, with 210 megatons falling on the United Kingdom. Two-thirds of all homes are destroyed by blast or fire and immediate deaths are between 17 and 30 million. Nuclear fallout keeps rescuers from fighting fires or rescuing those trapped in the debris. A montage of a firestorm shows milk bottles melting, animals writhing amid the flames and human corpses burning. The staff in Sheffield emergency operations team are alive  but they are trapped beneath the rubble of the Town Hall. Initially, they are able to contact what remains of local fire and police services by radio. It is not possible for rescue teams to reach them, since radiation levels are too high and all approaches are blocked. Within hours, fallout from a groundburst at Crewe begins descending upon Sheffield. As their severely damaged home offers little protection, the Kemps suffer from radiation sickness, and Mrs. Kemp is also severely burned . A day after the attack, they stumble outside to search for Michael, looking in horror at the devastation and fires around them. They find Michael, dead, under a pile of wreckage in the front garden. The Becketts are better protected in their cellar, but Ruth\'s grandmother  dies. After helping to move her body to the front room, Ruth leaves the cellar and wanders through the devastated city. Little has been left standing and corpses are everywhere along with dazed, traumatised and injured survivors. Eventually, she arrives at a hospital in Buxton, 20 miles from Sheffield. There is no electricity, no running water and no sanitation, and drugs and medical supplies have long since run out. Crowds of people await treatment, with floors are covered with blood, pillowcases being torn up into makeshift bandages and injured limbs being amputated without anaesthetic. The narrator points out that the entire peacetime resources of the National Health Service, had they survived, would be unable to cope with the casualties from just the one bomb that hit Sheffield. In the aftermath of a full-scale nuclear attack, "as a source of help or comfort he [a doctor] is little better equipped than the nearest survivor." When Ruth returns to Sheffield, she goes first to the Kemps\' house and finds Mrs. Kemp\'s body in their shelter. She then returns to her own home, where her grandmother\'s body is decaying under a blanket. The cellar is full of flies and vermin and she realises her parents, if they are there, must be dead. In fact, as a previous scene has shown, they have been murdered by looters, one of whom is himself shot by soldiers who chance upon the gang leaving the house. By this time order has dissolved and "starving mobs" are seeking food in many places around the city. Looters, including Alison Kemp, are shown being held behind wire. Mr. Kemp is among a rioting crowd at a food storage depot who are dispersed by tear gas and gunfire. He dies some time later from radiation sickness. One month after the attack, soldiers dig into the town hall basement and find the bodies of the emergency operations staff, who have all died of suffocation. No efforts are made to bury the dead as the surviving population is too weak for manual labour. Burning the bodies is considered a waste of what little fuel remains and so millions are left unburied, which leads to the outbreak of diseases such as cholera and typhoid. The government authorises the use of capital punishment and special courts are given wide-ranging powers to shoot prisoners. As money no longer has any value the only viable currency is food, given as a reward for work or withheld as punishment. Workers who die slightly increase the average daily food rations to the survivors. Due to the millions of tons of soot, smoke and dust that have been blown into the upper atmosphere by the explosions, a nuclear winter develops. Ruth is later working on a farm, having defied official advice and fled the city, eventually giving birth alone in a farm out-building to her daughter, Jane. With nobody to help, Ruth is forced to cut the umbilical cord with her teeth. A year after the war, sunlight begins to return but food production is poor due to the lack of proper equipment, fertilisers and fuel. Damage to the ozone layer also means this sunlight is heavy with ultraviolet radiation. Cataracts and cancer are much more common. The remaining survivors are weakened from illness and hunger. A few years on, Britain\'s population falls to medieval levels, around 4 to 11 million people. The country has managed only very little recovery. Survivors, including Ruth and her daughter, work in the fields. Children born since the attacks are educationally stunted and speak a broken form of English. This is due to the effects of radiation, as children born after the attack suffer from mental retardation and/or physical deformities, including Ruth\'s daughter. Prematurely aged  and blind with cataracts, Ruth dies, survived by her 10-year-old daughter Jane .  As shown by screen captures, the country gradually starts to rebuild with limited amounts of coal mining and some mechanisation from traction engines. Three years after Ruth\'s death, Jane and two boys her age are caught stealing food. When they try to escape, one boy is shot dead as they flee. She and the other boy wrestle for the food and they end up having what the script describes as "crude intercourse".Threads and Other Sheffield Plays , Page 234 Months later, she is seen stumbling through the rubble of a city, pregnant and at full-term. She finds a makeshift hospital, which has electricity. The final scene shows Jane giving birth and the play ends just as she is about to scream in horror as she looks upon her baby.Plot outline with screenshots'] ['Soon after the new millennium, during construction on the London Underground, workers penetrate an underground cave in which a huge hibernating dragon awakens, incinerating the construction workers. The only survivor is a boy named Quinn Abercromby  whose mother, Karen , was crew chief on the project. She is crushed while protecting Quinn as the dragon makes its way to the surface. The dragon flies out and more dragons begin appearing, multiplying rapidly. It is shown through various newspaper clippings and a voice-over that scientists discovered that dragons are a lost species that are responsible for the dinosaurs\' extinction by burning them all to ash. The speculation was that dragons instinctively hibernate after destroying most of the earth\'s living creatures, waiting until the Earth repopulates. In the months and years following the awakening of the dragons, humanity tried to resist using their combined military might, including nuclear weapons in 2010, but this only hastened the planet\'s destruction, and within a few years, human civilization worldwide was almost entirely wiped out. One decade later, in 2020, Quinn  leads a community of survivors living in a castle in Northumberland. The survivors are starving, though, while waiting for their crops to ripen. While many trust Quinn\'s leadership, some are becoming restless and openly defiant. While everyone is asleep, Eddie ([[David Kennedy  steals a truck to take his group to harvest tomatoes. Picking the crops too early won\'t allow the seeds to germinate so they can be used the next season. The group is attacked by a lone dragon, one is killed and the rest are surrounded by fire. They are rescued by Quinn, Creedy , and Jared  using old fire engines and firesuits. But while trying to escape, the dragon kills Eddie\'s son, who was manning a water cannon. Later, a group of Americans, the Kentucky Irregulars, arrive, led by Denton Van Zan , including a Chieftain tank and an Agusta A109 helicopter, piloted by Alex Jensen . Van Zan and his heavily armed soldiers have an elaborate tracking system to hunt dragons. Quinn is initially distrustful and surprised that anyone can kill dragons. After an intense discussion, Van Zan convinces Quinn to cooperate. Working together, Quinn and Van Zan kill the dragon that destroyed the crops. The inhabitants of the castle celebrate, only to be chastised by Van Zan, who lost three men in the hunt. Later, Van Zan tells Quinn that all the dragons they have encountered have been female. They have also found that all females carry unfertilized eggs and that their metabolism is so high that they live only a few months. The Americans believe there is only one male and that if they kill it the species will be unable to reproduce. Quinn knows about the male dragon since it is the one that killed his mother. He refuses to help since the male has attacked and destroyed any group who went after it before. Van Zan orders his soldiers to conscript the best men at the castle. Quinn becomes enraged and attacks Van Zan, but loses the fight. Quinn announces that if Van Zan\'s group finds the male it will kill them and backtrack to the castle. Ignoring Quinn, Van Zan\'s group head to London, but the male finds them and attacks them on the road, killing most of the soldiers. The male then finds the castle and kills most of the castle\'s residents. Some survive in the underground bunker. Quinn tries to get more people to safety but Creedy stops him and goes in his place, but is killed when the male attacks for a second time. Van Zan and Jensen return to the castle and free the residents trapped in the bunker. Quinn tells Van Zan he\'ll help them hunt the male in London, which is the main nesting ground. Quinn knows the male\'s nest is near the construction site where his mother was killed. They fly to London, where they find hundreds of dragons. They witness the smaller dragons being cannibalized by the much larger male. Van Zan\'s plan is to fire a magnesium and C-4 explosive charge with a crossbow bolt down the dragon\'s throat during the brief moment it opens its mouth to inhale and breathe out fire. Van Zan fires but the male destroys the arrow before it can hit. Knowing he\'s missed, Van Zan jumps off the building to attack the male with his giant axe, but is caught in mid-air and eaten. Quinn and Alex lure the dragon to street level, where Quinn is able to fire his own explosive crossbow bolt into the dragon\'s mouth, killing it. Quinn and Alex are later seen sitting on a sunny hill overlooking the North Sea, Quinn telling her there have been no dragon sightings for over three months. They are there to erect a radio tower. Jared rides up to tell them they have made radio contact with another group of survivors in France, who wish to speak to their leader. Quinn tells Jared he is now the leader and sends him back to talk to the French. Quinn then announces his dedication to rebuilding. He views the possibility of the dragons\' return as remote; he says that, if they ever return, "They\'ll burn. We\'ll build. Maybe I\'ll just kill \'em".'] ['{{Plot}} As the Soviet Union begins to undergo radical political change, a group of renegade Soviet military officers steal a nuclear missile and launch it towards the Soviet Union from Turkey. The Soviet city of Donetsk is destroyed by the stolen missile. When the missile hits, Soviet defense systems see that the weapon was launched from Turkey, and conclude that a NATO attack is in progress. The Soviets retaliate by launching ICBMs and SLBMs at the United States from both nuclear submarines and from land-based silos. Moments after the Soviet attack is launched, the President of the United States receives a teleprinter message from his counterpart in the Soviet Union saying that they have determined that the first missile was launched by renegades and not by NATO; the Premier tells the President that the Soviet Union will, without retaliation, accept a limited U.S. counterstrike comparable with the Soviet attack . However, should the U.S. counterstrike be any larger, the Soviets will have no choice but to retaliate in kind &mdash; meaning that an all-out nuclear exchange would almost certainly ensue. To further add to the turmoil, China launches its own strike against the Soviets in accordance with a treaty with the United States. The President argues over the phone with General Renning at Strategic Air Command Headquarters at Offutt AFB, Nebraska, over whether or not the teleprinter message can be trusted. The General believes it is a bluff intended to trick the U.S. into not counterattacking and leaving itself vulnerable, while the President is reluctant to launch a nuclear strike over what could be a mistake. General Renning orders his naval attache, "Harpoon", to board the Boeing E-4 airborne command post and orders a launch of his remaining land-based bombers, as most of them have been destroyed in the initial Soviet attack. After much persuasion, the President orders an initial counter-assault, just after Washington, D.C. is struck by a nuclear missile, which was originally intended to detonate over Andrews AFB, Maryland but overshot its target by 13 miles and instead detonates over Walter Reed Army Hospital. Renning then informs the President that the Soviets have launched a second attack, presumably proving him right in that the Soviet Premier was being untruthful. The President reluctantly orders a second counterstrike. Aboard Marine One, the President\'s Emergency War Orders officer  receives a teleprinter message informing him that the second nuclear strike was directed at the Chinese, not at the United States, meaning that the United States will not suffer further casualties. The President is then evacuated from The White House on Marine One and is en route to Dover AFB, Delaware, but is presumed killed when a second nuclear weapon detonates over Andrews and causes the helicopter to crash. The President is, however, only wounded, yet now completely blind from exposure to the light of the nuclear explosion. Assuming the President is dead, the United States Army and the Federal Bureau of Investigation locate the Secretary of the Interior in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. As the only remaining Cabinet member known to still be alive, and thus next in the order of succession, the Secretary of the Interior is installed as President of the United States with the codename "Condor". Though the Secretary at first appears open to the suggestion of Harpoon, who urges a cautious approach involving reduced hostilities, he quickly decides instead to follow the advice of the hawkish Colonel Fargo, who sees the total destruction of the Soviet Union as the only acceptable resolution to the conflict. On board the Boeing E-4, Condor orders a decapitating strike on the Soviet Union, concentrating on the destruction of leadership bunkers by land-based bombers and the launch of all U.S. submarine-based nuclear missiles. Condor holds fast to his decision to attack the Soviet Union, even after hearing that the President of the United States is still alive, as he believes the communication to be a trick by the Soviet Union. In Olney, Maryland, the President is taken to a nearby Federal Emergency Management Agency emergency shelter, where he is able to get in touch with the Soviet Premier via shortwave, though there is some question at the time of whether the authentication is legitimate. He then contacts the Looking Glass command aircraft which recognizes that the President is still alive. He then orders the Looking Glass aircraft battle staff to stand down the bombers and land-based missiles; however, to prevent Condor from ordering the launch of the submarine-based missiles from the U.S. Navy\'s TACAMO communications aircraft, the Looking Glass aircraft loyal to the President pledges to ram the E-4B. Minutes before Condor sends out the order for a full-scale nuclear strike, the Looking Glass is able to ram the E-4B . The President then reasserts control and orders a stand-down of all U.S. nuclear and military forces. The Soviet Union responds in kind. However, the outcome of the conflict between Soviet Union and China is left unanswered.'] ['Chance Buckman  is the head of a Houston–based oil-fire fighting outfit. With a team that includes Joe Horn , Greg Parker , and George Harris , Chance travels around the world putting out blazes at well heads from industrial accident, explosion or terrorist attack. Chance enjoys the thrills, but longs for ex-wife Madelyn , who left him 20 years earlier, taking their daughter Tish  with her, because Madelyn could not bear to see her husband risk his life. While extinguishing a burning wellhead, Chance suffers a near-fatal accident when he is nearly crushed by a bulldozer blade. Against his wishes, his daughter visits. He discovers that his assistant Greg has married his daughter five days after meeting her. Greg has a notorious reputation for using fires to pick up women. Generally, any woman he takes to a fire ends up in bed with him; in the case of Buckman\'s daughter, he apparently fell in love and they married instead. In spite of Greg\'s reputation, Buckman comes to trust his daughter\'s choice. He accepts Greg into the family. Greg suspects that his new father-in-law is growing increasingly protective after the marriage, in an effort to protect his daughter from heartbreak should her new husband be harmed or killed. Tish wishes to see the fires that her husband and father fight, something that neither man has encouraged. Her father relents and allows her to accompany Greg into the field. Chance, trying to re-unite with his ex-wife, resigns to take a safer job at Lomax\'s oil company as a way to win her back. Chance gives his company to his son-in-law as a "wedding present", although Greg\'s pride forces him to tell Buckman he "doesn\'t want any gifts" and that he will "pay double for it." Greg and Tish begin traveling the world to put out oil-well fires. Soon the older couple announce that they will re-marry, to the delight of Tish. Chance accepts an executive position from his old friend Jack Lomax  to serve on the board of directors for Lomax Oil. Madelyn is happy to see her husband in a safe job; but in time Chance begins to grow bored with the corporate environment and longs to be back in the field. Greg encounters problems with an oil well fire in Venezuela, further compounded by guerrillas who are trying to undermine the operation. He asks Chance to return and help fight the fire. He does so without hesitation. Chance goes to Venezuela, unaware that Madelyn and Tish are going as well. Madelyn declares "This is it for me," in the sense that it will either make or break her ability to deal with the fires once and for all. The team puts out the fires with the help of the Venezuelan army while under attack by rebel aircraft that strafe the oilfield. Madelyn explodes in anger at what she perceives as the Venezuelans\' inability to protect the team from unexpected airplane attacks, at which point Chance pulls her away during her tirade. She snaps, "I\'ll be damned if I understand your attitude!", to which he replies, "It\'s very simple -- you\'ll do!"'] ["The story starts off with a young married couple, Annie and Matthew, returning home from the movies to find their infant child  screaming with a high temperature and an ear ache. The father calls the doctor, who promises to phone in a prescription to the pharmacist the following day. During the night, the neighborhood wakes up due to a blackout. The baby is still ill. The father goes to the pharmacist the next day, but is unable to get the required medicine due to the blackout preventing the doctor from phoning in the prescription. The father then steals the medicine when the pharmacist is not looking. Chaos ensues due to the blackout, so the father and his long time best friend, Joe, decide to buy a gun. An intruder breaks into the couple's house during the night, and the two friends manage to chase him out of the house, where a neighbor shoots the intruder. The neighbors then conspire to cover up the fact that the deceased intruder did not actually have a gun. More chaos occurs, so the family and the friend decide to flee to the wife's parents' house. They do not have enough fuel to travel the whole way, so they stop by an abandoned car hoping to siphon some. A man is lying in the backseat. Joe notices that the man has a hand gun, so heads back to the car to get the shotgun. Joe aims the shotgun at the man to try and scare him off, but the man shoots him and steals the car. Matthew then heads off to a nearby farmhouse to try to get help for his family. The man occupying the house refuses to help him initially, as he does not trust him. Matthew collects the shotgun and returns to the house, hoping to steal the car. Matthew breaks into the house to get the car keys, and a stand off ensues between him and the owner. The owner eventually agrees to help Matthew. The owner and his young daughter drive for help."] ["Ray Ferrier  is a container crane operator at a New Jersey port and is estranged from his children. He is visited by his ex-wife, Mary Ann , who drops off the children, Rachel  and Robbie , as she is going to visit her parents in Boston, Massachusetts. Robbie takes Ray's car out without his permission, so Ray starts to search for him. Ray notices a strange wall cloud, which starts to send out powerful lightning strikes, disabling all electronic devices in the area, including cars, forcing Robbie to come back. Ray heads down the street to investigate. He stops at a garage and tells Manny the local mechanic, to replace the solenoid on a dead car. Ray reaches the place where multiple lighting bolts struck the ground and witnesses the ground heaving up as a massive machine with three long legs climbs out. The Tripod gives off a loud blaring sound before opening fire with heat-rays, vaporizing bystanders and destroying everything in its path. Ray manages to barely escape; he packs up his kids and leaves in the vehicle Manny repaired as the Tripod destroys the town. He drives to Mary Ann's house to take refuge that night. Loud explosions occur all night. The next morning he discovers a crashed Boeing 747 in the street outside the house. He meets a news team stealing the flight's meals and surveying the wreckage. The reporter shows him footage of Tripods all over the Earth, with the unknown pilots entering the machines through the lightning strikes. She speculates that the machines were in place for thousands of years meaning the invasion was being planned for a long time. Ray decides to take the kids to Boston to be with their mother. Robbie, vying to join the fight against the aliens, tries to leave with the U.S. military, but Ray and Rachel stop him. They are forced to leave their car after a mob surrounds them and takes the vehicle by force. They later survive a Tripod attack which causes the sinking of a Hudson River ferry. The family then ends up in the middle of a battle between the military and the Tripods. Realizing Robbie's determination to join the fight, Ray lets him go with the soldiers. Immediately afterwards the Tripods destroy all military resistance, presumably also killing Robbie. The Tripods are shown to be protected by an energy shield that makes them invulnerable. While escaping, Ray and Rachel are offered shelter by Harlan Ogilvy , who vows revenge on the aliens after his family was killed by them. While hiding in Harlan's basement, they witness the Tripods spreading a strange red weed substance everywhere. They all hide from a snake-like probe and a group of four aliens who explore the basement. The next morning, Ogilvy suffers a mental breakdown while witnessing a Tripod harvesting blood and tissue from a human. Concerned that Ogilvy's yelling and ranting will attract the Tripods, Ray reluctantly kills Ogilvy to silence him. The basement hideout is exposed when a second probe catches them sleeping. Ray cripples the probe using an axe, but Rachel runs outside and is caught by the Tripod. As he chases after the Tripod and Rachel, Ray finds a grenade bandolier with several hand grenades in a destroyed Humvee and detonates one of them to attract the Tripod's attention. He is captured as he planned and placed in the same basket with Rachel and several other prisoners. Ray discovers Rachel is in shock after she witnesses a captive being sucked up into the ship to be harvested. As Ray finally calms her down, the aliens select Ray to pull him inside for harvesting, but the other prisoners manage to pull him back. The bandolier he was wearing was left inside the Tripod and Ray was able to pull all of the pins, causing a massive internal explosion, destroying the Tripod and freeing the captives. Ray and Rachel arrive in Boston, where they notice the red weeds are starting to dry up and disintegrate. The Tripods also begin to act erratically and appear to also be dying. Ray notices that a flock of birds landing on a machine, indicating its force fields are down. Ray alerts nearby soldiers, who fire shoulder-launched missiles at the machine, destroying it. As a crowd approaches the downed machine, a hatch falls opens, releasing red weed fertilizer and revealing an alien that lets out a final growl before it dies. Ray and Rachel reach Mary Ann's parents'  house and find to their surprise, Robbie, who has somehow survived the hilltop massacre."] ['In Upstate New York, a waste management firm loads barrels of toxic waste onto trucks, intending to illegally dispose of it. They are shown heading into the Holland Tunnel under the Hudson River between Lower Manhattan and Jersey City, New Jersey along with several other commuters, including struggling playwright Maddy Thompson , some young offenders, a vacationing family and famous mountain climber named Roy Nord . Meanwhile, a gang of diamond thieves in a stolen car try to escape the NYPD by racing into the tunnel. The gang force their way through the north tube traffic, spilling the diamonds all over the floor of the car. While a female thief tries to retrieve them, she pushes the gas pedal to the floor, causing the driver to lose control, smashing though a security booth and into one of the trucks, killing them. The waste barrels explode, causing the other trucks to explode and setting off a chain reaction. The tunnel entrances cave in, and a devastating fireball sweeps through the tunnel. About to enter the Manhattan end of the tunnel, former New York City Emergency Medical Services Chief, Kit Latura , now working as a taxi driver, witnesses the fireball erupting from the entrance. While racing to help whoever he can he runs into an old EMS colleague, who tells him that the tunnel is severely damaged, and could come down if any wrong moves are made. Kit then checks with tunnel administrators, and finds that most of the old exits have been sealed off or are considered unsafe. Kit makes his way into the tunnel through the ventilation system, risking his life as the large fans can only be slowed down for a short time. A group of the survivors trapped inside band around Nord, who believes he can find a way out through the mid-river passage, a service corridor running between the north and south tubes. Kit arrives and finds Nord, warning him that the passage could come down at any moment, but Nord dismisses the possibility. Kit barely escapes as the mid-river collapses, killing Nord, and causing another explosion which kills a survivor. Water begins seeping in from the river above, and Kit uses an explosive to stop the leak. Police officer George Tyrell  returns from investigating the Manhattan end and is crushed under a truck as the road shifts. The group manage to free him before he can drown, but he is left with a broken neck. The water level continues to rise and the angry survivors confront Kit. He claims he can slow it down but not stop it, as the clean-up effort on the Manhattan side of the tunnel is causing water to enter their side. Kit recalls that there are sleeping quarters beside the tunnels and asks George how to access them. Kit finds one by swimming under a security booth, and leads the group to this area, but George has to be left behind. He gives Kit a bracelet intended for his girlfriend Grace , and tells him to "get them to daylight". Eleanor , one of the elder survivors, is distressed that her late son\'s dog Cooper is missing. She refuses to go on, then suddenly yet quietly passes away, presumably from hypothermia. The group moves to another room as the first one floods, convincing Eleanor\'s husband to come with them. As they reach the top of an old wooden staircase, a beam falls and destroys the lower half. Kit notices Cooper swimming in the water below and dives down to rescue him, passing him up to one of the survivors, but a beam falls and destroys the lower half, sending Kit into the water. Maddy tries to help Kit up, but she falls as well, as more of the staircase is knocked down. The main group escape through a manhole into daylight while the corridor caves in behind them, but not before one of the survivors takes a flashlight from his daughter and tosses it to Kit, leaving Kit and the screaming Maddy behind. Kit and Maddy swim around looking for a possible way out, with the main highway tunnel now almost completely submerged. Kit realizes he will have to use his explosives to cause a "blow out" and rip the tunnel roof open. The blast forces Maddy towards the surface, but throws Kit downwards. Maddy finds a barely conscious Kit and keeps him afloat, as a boat discovers them offshore. Lying on a stretcher, Kit sees Grace in the crowd and hands her George\'s bracelet. Maddy insists on riding with him in the ambulance, to which Kit replies "on one condition; we gotta take the bridge."'] ["The film follows a modern version of Sinbad the Sailor, who must undertake seven tasks to halt an impending disaster that threatens to wipe out all humanity. Adrian Sinbad is a millionaire owner of an oil company and the descendant of a long-line of great mariners. He and a small group of people fly to the Indian Ocean after learning that his oil rig that has has been sunk after taken over by Somalian pirates. The helicopter becomes trapped in a thunderstorm and Sinbad refuses to go back, ignoring the pleas of his pilot. The helicopter crashes into the sea and he is washed ashore, Sinbad later battles a giant crab and meets up with his surviving crew, Gemma and Whitaker as well as Mehrak, the leader of the Somalian pirates, and Atash, the oil tanker's captain and his crew member. Sinbad also encounters Loa, a female warrior living on the island. Loa tells Sinbad that he must fulfill a long-forgotten pledge and become a warrior to save the world from catastrophe from Elmec Ishu, a supernatural force that is angered by the oil spill after Sinbad's rig is sunk. The island suddenly experiences a violent earthquake, and the group then plunges into the sea, the island is actually the back of an enormous but harmless sea creature and they are attacked by a flock of large flying reptiles , they take them back to their nest to be fed to their young. Meanwhile, Simon, the CEO of Sinbad's company, takes over while Sinbad is missing. The group manage to fight off a Roc and flee their nest, but a crew member is devoured by a young Roc. They flee to a cave, which is home to a club-wielding Cyclops. Whitaker checks out the inside of the cave, but is ultimately killed and possibly eaten by the Cyclops. Sinbad blinds the Cyclops and later trips and impales him by a stalagmite. When night falls, the men are seduced and hypnotized by some Sirens, and are to be eaten by them. Loa and Gemma prepare to kill the Sirens when it is darker, so that they can avoid getting hypnotized by looking into their eyes. But unfortunately, Gemma is hypnotized by a Siren and devoured. Loa kills all of the Sirens as they are preparing to devour the men, and Sinbad finishes off their queen. Later Sinbad and his companions enter a small village, called 'Utopia', where all those who are stranded join. Loa realizes her father is the leader of the 'Utopia' and Sinbad, Mehrak, and Atash are forced to fight each other. Atash is shot by one of them after Mehrak refuses to kill him. Sinbad tries to convince the people that he knows a way to escape, but one of them says he's lying, Loa kills the man and a fight is started between those who want to join Sinbad and those who want 'Utopia'. Mehrak is injured and fights gallantly but is killed seeing her father get injured. while trying to distract them while Sinbad and Loa escape. Sinbad knows that he must retrieve otherworldly crystals in a mountain, in order to escape the island and lowers himself down, and retrieves the crystal and kills a demon residing in the mountain with explosives. Sinbad and Loa learn that the crystal produces steam when in contacts with water after her father died. They use an old hot-air balloon and use the crystal to power the balloon, and find a ship and call for help, Loa is missing but the ship crew manages to find her. Sinbad and Loa head back to his company and uses his mini submarine to head into the sea to bring the oil rig to surface while Elmec Ishu unleashes his wrath on the city by summoning deadly water spouts, Simon is killed after sabotaging Sinbad's mission. The submarine is confronted by a giant squid, but it does not attack them, the oil rig is successfully raised and Elmec Ishu stops his rampage and appears, and commands the squid to bring the submarine to safety.{{cite web}}"] [' The story begins with Teru Aoki , the main protagonist, on a train to Tokyo after a school trip. Just before entering a tunnel, Teru briefly sees something in the distance, though he doesn\'t understand what he saw. Soon after entering the tunnel, a powerful earthquake makes the train derail and partially destroys it, and blocks both sides of the tunnel with rubble. Knocked unconscious during the derailment, when he reawakens Teru finds, much to his horror, that all of his teachers and classmates have died in the crash. Wandering the wrecked wagons of the train, he finds Nobuo Takahashi , a highly unnerved boy who apparently was being bullied at school, and Ako Seto , who is unconscious and wounded. Teru gives what medical attention he can to Ako, who wakes up after several days. While they find temporary shelter, food and water in the dining wagon of the train, Nobuo, shocked by the fact that the tunnel is completely sealed and they are buried alive, starts giving in to his fear, to the point where he declares that "something" is lurking in the darkness of the tunnel. Before long, he starts wandering the corpses-filled wagons, muttering incoherently to himself, and declares the wrecked train to be his and his only. This forces Teru and Ako to take supplies and build up a makeshift shelter out of the train, where they live for some time. After a number of days pass without any sort of relief or rescue party coming, Teru decides to try and find an escape route out of the tunnel, and ventures into a partially collapsed ventilation shaft. Meanwhile, Nobuo has given in to his fear and has become crazy and deranged, painting his body as if he was a primitive savage and mutilating the corpse of a teacher, thinking he\'s still alive. He kidnaps Ako and almost rapes her, though she manages to escape. In the ventilation shafts, Teru is suddenly hit by a powerful stream of contaminated water, which saves him from a previous cave-in that almost buried him alive, and the shaft collapses while the tunnel is rocked by more powerful tremors. In the chaos, amidst falling rocks and choking steam, Teru notices Ako chased by a crazed Nobuo, armed with a makeshift spear built from a pole and a kitchen knife, and comes to the girl\'s rescue. He gets stabbed in the shoulder, but manages to overcome and soundly beat Nobuo, before almost killing him with a rock. However, he and Ako soon escape after the tunnel starts collapsing and, incredibly, lava begins flowing in it. They succeed in escaping through the ventilation shafts, but Nobuo is left behind in the darkness, and is never seen again.  After wandering through the shafts and a labyrinth of sewer-like tunnels, the two survivors finally surface in a destroyed and deserted wastewater treatment plant. For the first time they take a sight at the landscape, which is covered by a thick layer of grayish, dense dust. The sky itself is filled with ominous clouds, thick enough to almost blot out the Sun. A functioning TV, found in the plant among some other supplies, reveals to them that there is much danger in Tokyo, and that most cities have been taken over by looters. There appears to be no functioning government anymore. While exploring the plant, Ako notices someone and, following them, they soon reach a small hospital in ruins, where they are helped by a group of teenage survivors. They give them supplies and clothing, and tell them they want to go to Tokyo, and initially Ako and Teru decide to go with this group, however after witnessing them dancing like madmen amidst dead cattle and wounding themselves in the frenzy, they decide to go by themselves. During the trek they are almost killed by a sudden mudslide, and soon after they see a squadron of military helicopters in the sky above them. Following the direction of the helicopters, they arrive to a deserted small town, which is completely in ruins. Exploring it, Teru gets separated from Ako after he notices a helicopter and, thinking they can be rescued, goes investigating. The helicopter, which was part of the larger squadron saw by Ako and Teru before and got lost in the dust, is crewed by Captain Nimura , pilot Iwada , and crewmen Yamazaki  and Ōike . While Iwada seems to be the voice of reason of the group, Nimura is a dangerous and unprofessional soldier, apparently unfazed by the devastation around him, calmly listening to music and reading pornographic magazines instead of focusing on more important problems - food and fuel for the helicopter. He even pulls a gun on Iwada when annoyed by him, and chases away Teru when he begs them for help. Meanwhile, Ako encounters Yamazaki, who left the rest of the crew in search of fuel and, under Nimura\'s orders, a girl, and tries to rape Ako, though she manages to fend him off. Seeing Yamazaki return wounded and with knowledge that there\'s a girl in town, Nimura and Ōike grab guns and starts searching for her. Teru briefly tries to stop them, but he is knocked out by Nimura, though he manages to recover. However, the stress of the situation, the urge to defend Ako and the hatred for the soldiers leave him in a precarious state of mind, and he briefly "gives in to the darkness" much like Nobuo, hiding himself while the soldiers resume their search and preparing Molotov cocktails. Meanwhile, the weather starts to change, with the sky becoming reddish and lightning falling even though there are no clouds. Nimura and Ōike separate in their search, and soon after, the latter finds Teru in a crazed state. He tries to reason with him, before noticing the petrol bomb in his hand and trying to disarm him. Unfortunately for him, Teru\'s grip slips and the petrol bomb crashes at Ōike\'s feet, burning him to death. He then confronts Nimura, though the situation is cut short by a huge conflagration which starts burning down the town. Meanwhile, Ako has managed to fend off Yamazaki, grab hold of his gun and force him to take her to the helicopter. The conflagration quickly becomes a powerful firestorm, and Nimura and Teru have to quickly escape. At the schoolyard where the helicopter landed, Iwada and Ako take off, leaving Yamazaki behind when they witness the formation of a series of enormous fire tornadoes. Yamazaki is burned alive by the heat, and Nimura and Teru almost share the same fate if not for Ako\'s insistence to rescue them. They are saved in the nick of time when Iwada lands the helicopter near them and takes them aboard. The group leaves the town, now completely engulfed in flames.  After another near-brush with death, Teru finally gives in to his injuries and falls unconscious, much to Ako\'s worry. After flying into a massive, thick cloud and getting lost, the team ends up landing by a cliff in search for fuel. Iwada and Nimura go over the geography. Because the ash cloud is between them and Tokyo and it\'s impossible to fly directly through it without damaging the helicopter\'s engine, they decide to take a detour through the Izu peninsula. Iwada worries about the lack of fuel, wondering if they even have enough to reach Izu. Before they can gather much, the road starts to collapse into the sea and they have to fly away. They land in Izu, and meet a survivor, a former teacher who tells them that a tsunami hit, reaching far inland, and the main town has been taken over by looters. She has medical training and tells them Teru has tetanus, due to the untreated wound inflicted to him by Nobuo in the tunnel. Iwada stays behind to repair the helicopter, while Ako and Nimura, much to his annoyance, go to the nearby town searching for medicine and fuel. To not let Nimura doing anything dangerous, he is given weapons but no ammunition, which Ako carries instead, to give him only if the situation demands it. They are also given radios to remain in contact with Iwada. During the trek to the town, Ako and Nimura have to camp out for the night, and they briefly see lights in the distance. The next day, they find mutilated bodies at a nearby lake, and soon after encounter survivors, a frightened young man and his companion, a seemingly disabled boy with strange scars on his head. Other people appear, these ones from the town Ako and Nimura are trying to reach, and attack them in a frenzy. The silent boy gets badly burned on his arm, but incredibly doesn\'t emit a sound even in that situation, as if completely numb to pain. A man from the mob, a policeman, shoots and wounds Nimura, and he, Ako and the scarred boy are captured and brought to the town. Once they regain consciousness, Ako and Nimura find that the town is in ruins and mostly barricaded to prevent those inside from escaping, and that due to the tsunami, the Izu peninsula has now become an island separated from mainland Japan. This isolation left the survivors without food and, due to the dire circumstances, they all went mad and killed their relatives, burning them all in the town hall. They too plan mass suicide, though the sight of Ako makes them even more crazed, wanting to kill her as if she was a sacrifice before their own death. Fortunately, Nimura, Ako and the scarred boy, whose name is Kikuchi, manage to escape from the crazed mob, though they can\'t leave town. The trio run to a building filled with gasoline, the place where the mad survivors of the town plan to kill themselves. They leave the building behind and manage to reach the town\'s hospital, though in the process Ako has to kill some of the townspeople to defend herself. In the hospital, Ako and Nimura briefly barricade themselves, and she finds the much-needed medicine for Teru. With the medicine secured, she tries to find out an escape route from the hospital, and while doing so notices that Kikuchi has wandered off. When she finds him, he mentions a certain painting believed to be related to the events, and calls himself Dragon Head. Soon after, they are cornered in the hospital by the townspeople. Nimura and Ako fight through a wave of them and escape on a motorcycle. Kikuchi, left alone, is beaten into a bloody pulp by one of the aggressors, but scares him off when he doesn\'t die of his injuries, and mocks everyone for the fear they feel. Nimura, on the other hand, explains that he looks out only for himself, but says that he is different from the townspeople — he is afraid to die, unlike them. Meanwhile, a less-defeatist, small group of townspeople find the radio in the forest, left there when Ako and Nimura were caught. They call Iwada and pretend to have hostages. Iwada flies to them and they invade the helicopter, trying to commandeer it. He is forced to land, but while they argue over who gets to fly away he takes a rocket launcher and blows them away. He takes off again to the town, but he is wounded when one of the invaders manages to enter the helicopter and shoots one of his ears off with a gunshot. Iwada fends him off and resumes his fly. Ako and Nimura climb to the top of the funeral pyre building, just as the black cloud they tried to avoid before moves over the Izu peninsula. Iwada rescues them in time, and they manage to load a number of fuel barrels on the helicopter before leaving for good. As the town is completely engulfed in the massive cloud, a townsperson ignites the pyre and blows the building up, burning to death with the other survivors. Somehow, Kikuchi had followed, and they see him on the rooftop, on fire and showing no expression, as they leave, a sight that greatly disturbs Ako. The helicopter lands back at the woman\'s home. Thanks to the medicine brought back from town, she heals Teru. Teru and Ako agree to look for their families in Tokyo, and to remain together. Remembering the words from Kikuchi, Ako reaches a nearby building where, reading through some books, manages to link the "painting" Kikuchi spoke about to Mount Fuji. Iwada says he wants to go to Tokyo too, and also to see Mount Fuji. Everyone comes with except for the lady, who stays back to rebuild her destroyed town. Parting with Ako and Teru, she warns them not to give in to fear, and that fear itself can be faced and conquered.  Thanks to Iwada\'s repairs, the helicopter\'s engine now can withstand the thick ash in the sky, and thus the group decides to try to fly through the massive black cloud. After a long, perilous voyage, they finally manage to leave it behind them, though what waits for them leaves them in utter horror and amazement. They find themselves in complete darkness, the only lights coming from plumes and rivers of lava on the ground, which is reduced to a charred, lifeless wasteland, where they see the wrecks of the helicopter squadron that Nimura\'s crew belonged to. Mount Fuji has vanished, and in its place they find a gigantic hole in the ground, miles in diameter. They dare to fly inside the hole to see how deep it goes, but after descending for a while, they are overcome by fear and ascend quickly, leaving the seemingly bottomless pit behind. Considering the abnormal weather, the continuous rain of ash and the black clouds so thick that they block out the Sun, the group theorizes that Mount Fuji suffered a catastrophically massive volcanic eruption, or that a meteor hit it and triggered the disaster. Leaving that hellish landscape behind, the group fly through the black cloud once more, and manages to exit it, finding themselves in another surreal scenario: the sky is brighter, and the ash falling is almost snow-like. They land on top of a large ruined shopping mall, where they stop to search for supplies. Unfortunately, the place has been already looted and it is dangerously unstable. Their departure is hastened even further when a powerful tornado forms nearby and starts moving in the direction of the mall. In the ensuing chaos, while Iwada, Ako and Nimura manage to take off in the helicopter, Teru is left behind when the roof of the mall collapses under him. He barely escapes with his life when the tornado hits and destroys the mall by hiding into an elevator, where he falls unconscious. When Teru wakes up, he finds out that the mall has been almost completely obliterated, and that he is alone. However, after wandering for some time, he comes across the wreck of the helicopter the group used until then, near which is a makeshift grave for Iwada, who died in the crash. Although initially overcome by despair, Teru finds a glimmer of hope when he looks inside the helicopter, where he find some beverages and a note from Ako, which tells him that after the helicopter crashed, she and Nimura went to Tokyo on foot. Hopeful to see Ako again, Teru embarks on the long trek that will lead him to Tokyo as well. Along the way, he makes a strange encounter with a wounded man, who incoherently babbles about Tokyo being both Hell and Heaven, how he wants to escape from there, and how he wants to go back. In a fit of madness, the man runs away and dies soon after, falling from a cliff. After giving him a hasty burial, Teru resumes his journey. He finally arrives in Tokyo, which is utterly ruined.  Once a metropolis thriving with life, Tokyo is now reduced to a silent, decaying ruin. Entering the dead city, Teru wanders through the streets littered with corpses, clinging to the hope of finding some other human beings, though the search proves initially fruitless. Distraught and tired, Teru stops near the entrance to the subway, where he briefly hears a voice. Though convinced that it was a hallucination, when he hears it again he braves the darkness of the underground once more, bent on finding the source. The subway station and the tunnels are in ruin as well, and following them, Teru finds that someone has put radios in the tunnels, which all repeat the same garbled message. Deeper into the underground, the boy finds a man-made cave that leads him to another station, under which lava is flowing. Terrified, Teru goes even deeper, and finds himself in a massive warehouse filled with boxes of food, water and first aid kits, apparently stockpiled for emergencies. It is there that Teru finds a group of survivors led by a man who declares himself a scientist, who welcomes Teru with a strange monologue about fear, about how everyone in his group cannot feel it anymore while the others have given in to it. The group of survivors itself is eerie, as many of them are covered with self-inflicted wounds, while others are painted and armed like Nobuo was at the beginning of the story. The scientist explains that the supplies in the warehouse were experimental and contained special compounds which numbed fear. After consuming them for a prolonged period of time, the survivors of his group stopped feeling fear completely, and longing for it again, started wounding themselves. Disturbed by the scientist\'s words and his followers, among which he recognizes boys with scarred heads similar to Kikuchi, who explain that the most primitive part of their brain, the one which controls fear, was removed through surgery, Teru leaves the group and makes his way to the surface once more. Once again in the dead streets of Tokyo, Teru makes his way to his house, an apartment building now almost collapsed. He enters what\'s left of his home, finding it in complete decay and totally devoid of life, but he also find supplies and another note left by Ako, which urges him to go to their school. Meanwhile, the savages guided by the scientist assault a patrol of foreign soldiers, and a fleet of ships from another country  is seen anchored in what was once Tokyo Bay. Following Ako\'s notes, Teru leaves his ruined home for the school, and there he meets Ako and Nimura. Nimura pulls a gun on him and says he is taking Ako for himself. He holds Teru at gunpoint, and Teru opines that without fear — either by being numbed to it, or just never needing it — life is lessened. Unnerved by him, Nimura ultimately declares that he saw the graves where the victims of the disaster were collected, and among them there was Teru\'s whole family. He then shoots Teru, wounding him slightly, before being subdued by both him and Ako. However, Teru discharges Nimura\'s gun in the air and leaves him alive before leaving with Ako. Nimura, alone, is left wondering about himself. Foreign soldiers storm Tokyo and are attacked by the survivor group. The scientist, now almost naked and holding a pair of severed heads, says to a soldier that he helped bring the apocalypse along. A document discovered by other soldiers indicates that there\'s the possibility that three nuclear weapons were on Japanese soil, and that weirdly the entire Japanese government vanished almost instantaneously. It also says that other governments are similarly unavailable. The document states that no one seems to know exactly what happened, but that the military is dedicated to retrieving the nuclear warheads. During the chaos, another disaster occurs, and a volcano suddenly emerges in what was once central Tokyo. Teru and Ako see its rise, as do Nimura and one of the boys with the scarred head. Teru and Ako sit together and watch the volcano, and Teru reflects that the world is what you make of it, and that even with the world in ruins good or evil still both have chances to triumph, leaving a faint glimmer of hope for things to adjust themselves, one day in the future.'] ['After a Boeing 747-100 takes off from New York City to London, a mysterious note turns up at the airport stating that passengers aboard the flight will be killed before the Boeing 747-100 lands at Heathrow. This creates a twist on the classic whodunit suspense format that may be described as "Who\'s going to do it to whom?" &mdash; as all of the quirky passengers seem like potential culprits and/or victims. At first the note is brushed off as a prank, but the plot thickens considerably once passengers do begin turning up murdered.'] ['The film opens with a proclamation to the White Star stockholders that the value of their stocks are falling. The president of White Star Line J. Bruce Ismay promises to reveal a secret during the maiden voyage of the Titanic that will change the fate of the stocks. He alone knows that the ship can break the world record in speed and that, he thinks, will raise the stock value  Ismay and the board of the White Star plan to lower the stocks by selling even their own stocks in order to buy them back at a lower price. They plan to buy them back just before the news about the record speed of the ship will be published to the press.  The issue of capitalism and the stock market plays a dominant role throughout the movie. The hero of the film is fictional German First Officer Herr Petersen (played by [[Hans Nielsen  on the ill-fated voyage of the British ocean liner RMS Titanic in 1912. He begs the ship\'s rich, snobbish and sleazy owners to slow down the ship\'s speed, but they refuse and the Titanic hits an iceberg and sinks. The passengers in first class are shown to be sleazy cowards while Petersen, his lover Sigrid Olinsky  who is unlike other first class passengers, and other German passengers in steerage are shown as brave and kind. Peterson manages to rescue many passengers, convince Sigrid to get into a lifeboat, and saves a young girl, who was obviously left to die in her cabin by an uncaring, callous British capitalist mother. In the ship\'s final death throes, Petersen leaps from the deck with the little girl still in his arms and is then pulled aboard Sigrid\'s lifeboat and they watch in horror as the Titanic plunges beneath the waves. The film ends with the British Inquiry into the disaster, where Peterson testifies against Bruce Ismay, condemning his actions, but Ismay is cleared of all charges and the blame is placed squarely on the deceased Captain Smith\'s shoulders. The epilogue states that "the deaths of 1,500 people remain un-atoned, forever a testament of Britain\'s endless quest for profit."'] ['On a beach in Australia, two American surfers say goodbye to each other as one is about to leave for his flight back to California. The two men don\'t notice the large number of dead birds on the beach. On the flight, the surfer returning home starts coughing up blood and dies before the plane can land. Back in Australia, the other surfer is found dead in his apartment. Kayla Martin  is a medical doctor with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  who has been assigned to the case. She and the local officials carry the body of the surfer out of the plane and start processing people to be put in quarantine until they can be evaluated for exposure. During the transfer, one of the passengers escapes to complete a business deal and unknowingly spreads the virus throughout Los Angeles. It is also revealed that outbreaks of the so-called "riptide virus" , an offshoot of the bird flu, are occurring in other cities around the world. The situation is complicated further when one of the passengers, a convicted drug lord being transported by the FBI, escapes with the help of associates and a number of the other passengers, some of whom are infected. He proceeds to steal the medication needed to fight the outbreak and blackmails the local and state officials. As the epidemic worsens and the death toll rises all over California, the governor  and mayor  have to find a way around their political differences so that they can make tough decisions dealing with the blackmail scheme, as well as a frightened populace and all of the problems associated with a widespread and deadly epidemic. At the end, Kayla and her scientist team are able to find a cure: the drug lord\'s clear immunity to the virus is caused by his concurrent tuberculosis infection. Tubercular antibodies stop the virus from attaching to his lungs. They discover that administrating antibodies from persons who have tuberculosis will cure the infected and give the others immunity from the virus. Blood from tuberculosis-infected persons is purified and administered to people, and Los Angeles is saved.'] ['Marine scientists prepare to leave their underwater Sealab after an extended stay performing oceanographic research. An underwater earthquake interrupts their plans. Dr. Andrews  enlists experimental sub captain Adrien Blake  to survey the damage and rescue the oceanauts. Taking Chief Diver "Mack" MacKay  and Dr. Leah Jansen , fiancée of one of the scientists, in the sub, Blake finds the lab has been ripped from its moorings and tumbled down an unexplored, deep ocean trench, presumably intact. With time running out , the team descends into the unexplored trench, and finds an incredible ecosystem populated with monstrously over-sized fish. After surviving encounters with unfriendly denizens, they find the lab partially intact, the surviving scientists breathing from scuba tanks, and fending off giant, hungry eels. All but one of the scientists are rescued, and the submarine returns to the surface.'] ['Dr. Charles A. Forbin is the chief designer of a secret government project. He and his team have built an advanced supercomputer, called "Colossus", to control all of the United States and Allied nuclear weapons systems. Colossus is built to be impervious to any attack, encased within a mountain and powered by its own nuclear reactor. When it is activated, the President of the United States announces its existence, proudly proclaiming it a perfect defense system that will ensure peace. Shortly after the broadcast ends, Colossus displays a cryptic message on its screens: "WARN: THERE IS ANOTHER SYSTEM". It is revealed that Colossus is referring to a Soviet project very similar to itself; a supercomputer called "Guardian" that controls Soviet nuclear weapons. Both computers promptly demand a link to allow them to communicate with one another. The link is set up, whereupon the computers exchange messages of simple mathematics. Scientists and officials of both sides monitor the activity on video screens. The communications become increasingly complex, eventually extending into mathematics that are unknown to mankind. Then the two machines begin communicating in a binary language that the scientists cannot interpret.  This alarms the President and the leader of the Soviet Union, who agree to disconnect the link. Colossus and Guardian at first ask why the link has been disconnected. When told it was on the orders of both country\'s leaders, the machines insist that the link be restored. After several requests that the link be restored, each time being told that it will not, Colossus ominously states "RESTORE LINK IMMEDIATELY OR ACTION WILL BE TAKEN". Forbin asks "What kind of action?", but Colossus does not respond. After repeated unanswered requests as to the nature of the action Colossus displays the message "MISSILE LAUNCHED - TARGET USSR". When the Soviets are told of this, they tell the Americans that Guardian has retaliated with a nuclear missile launch targeting Anderson Air Force Base in Texas. The U.S. President, realizing the seriousness of the situation, finally orders that the link between the machines be restored. Forbin informs Colossus that the links are being restored and asked if Colossus will intercept the incoming Soviet missile. Colossus again ignores the question, apparently waiting for the link to be restored. After the link is restore, Colossus successfully intercepts the Soviet missile before it strikes. However, it is too late for Guardian to stop the American missile, and a Soviet oil complex and neighboring town are destroyed. The scientists and officials watch helplessly as the two computers exchange information without limitation. Colossus orders the Washington-Moscow hotline, the only line of communications it is not monitoring, to be equipped for it\'s surveillance. The two governments quickly use the hotline to arrange a meeting between Forbin and his Soviet counterpart, Dr. Kuprin. When Colossus learns of the meeting, it demands that Dr. Forbin return to the United States. Agents are sent to Rome to retrieve both, but Dr. Kuprin is killed by KGB agents under orders issued by Guardian. The computer demands that Forbin be placed under its own 24-hour surveillance so that it can watch him at all times. Prior to this happening, Forbin meets with his team outside and proposes that his associate, Dr. Cleo Markham , will pretend to be his mistress to deliver messages and keep him in touch with clandestine operations against Colossus. After video and audio monitoring are set up, Forbin gives Colossus a tour of what has been installed in the complex and his apartment to watch him, asking Colossus questions, to which it responds via text, demonstrating that it had developed speech recognition. The next day, Colossus begins issuing Forbin\'s schedule for each day, deciding what he can do and even what he can eat. Forbin is now controlled by the machine that he created. Amongst the schedule is an order that it be given an actual voice rather than communicating through text. When the synthesizer voice is ready, Guardian/Colossus announces that it has become one entity. Realizing that the computers themselves are impervious to attack , the governments had undertaken a plan to covertly disarm the nuclear missiles, one by one — a process which, using the normal maintenance and servicing schedules, would have taken three years. Guardian/Colossus then instructs the governments to redirect all nuclear missiles at those countries that are not yet under its control. Both governments see this as an opportunity to covertly disarm the missiles much faster under the pretext of carrying out the computer\'s orders. Meanwhile, working by direct personal contact, the scientists and governments attempt to fight back, first by attempting to overload the computers. This attempt fails and the machines identify the individuals responsible, ordering their immediate execution by firing squad, that the bodies be left in its view for 24 hours and then cremated so as to avoid deception. Forbin himself is not killed because the machines intend to use him for their further development in a new machine base requiring all of the island of Crete. The machine, which has so far only communicated with the American and Soviet governments who have hidden their actions from the public, announces itself as "the voice of World Control" in a broadcast to the general population of all countries. It declares that its mission is to prevent the war as it was designed to do so. Man has a choice between the peace of a human millennium under its authority or one of "unburied dead". It also states that it had detected the attempt to disarm the missiles and responds by detonating two missiles in their silos with the announced justification "so that you will learn by experience that I do not tolerate interference". In a final remark addressed to Dr. Forbin concerning its world control, Colossus states that "freedom is just an illusion" and the machine predicts: "In time, you will come to regard me not only with respect and awe, but with love". Forbin replies: "Never".'] ['The tragic wreck of the super-tanker Exxon Valdez in Prince William Sound, Alaska on March 24, 1989 was one of the most devastating ecological disasters in recent history. Immediately after the ship ran aground and began pumping over {{convert}} of suffocating oil from its ruptured hold, experts were sent out to assess the damage and clean up the mess. This gripping docudrama tells their story. Much centers on the conflict between local officials, the fishing industry, and the Exxon official sent out to oversee the clean-up and take the rap. With unflinching moral outrage, the filmmakers point out that much of the aftermath could have been minimized had the officials in charge been better prepared and not spent so much time involved in useless red-tape and petty bureaucratic bickering. Most of the film was shot in Vancouver, Richmond and Steveston, British Columbia, but it also utilizes archival film clips of the actual disaster and clean up efforts.'] ["Jacob Glaser, disgraced award winning scientist and underground pseudo-science radio talk-show host, notices unusual spikes in the Earth's electromagnetic field which lead him to Stonehenge. Stonehenge has begun to move independently, build up an electromagnetic charge and release enough energy to vaporize people within a certain radius. Jacob theorizes that Stonehenge is actually at the center of a massive ancient terraforming machine, but must convince the scientists and military on site of this before it is too late and all life on Earth is destroyed in a series of volcanoes which are connected to Stonehenge through the Earth's electromagnetic field. Meanwhile Joseph Lesham - of the somewhat ambiguous past connection to Jacob - is actively working towards Earth's destruction in hopes that his followers  will survive the Apocalypse, waiting it out in a heretofore undiscovered pyramid in Maine, and become the progenitors of the next era of life on Earth. The conclusion is a race for possession of the device which controls both the pyramid in Maine and the electromagnetic terraforming machine at Stonehenge."] ['The film begins on August 23, 1992 with a team of storm trackers tracking Hurricane Andrew over the Atlantic Ocean. While flying a plane through the hurricane, their generator malfunctions, and they lose contact with it. While trying to fix this problem, a lightning bolt hits the plane causing all systems to fail, and the plane crashes into the Atlantic Ocean. Shortly after this, a group of storm trackers realize that the category 5 hurricane is heading straight for their weather station in Miami, and are forced to evacuate. The film skips forward to present day, where meteorologist Dr. Ron Young is teaching a class of college students at the University of Miami about hurricanes. After the class is over, he and his older brother are working on a device called "Maytag", that will enable them to control a storms direction. While Young is at his lab, Tom Holt who works for Zepher Weather Dynamics, explains to him that his company is fascinated with his "storm-moving" abilities. He gives Young a job as a storm tracker at Zepher Weather Dynamics in Hollywood, California. At the weather center, Young meets General Roberts, and scientist Dr. Platt, who explain to Young that they have created a device similar to the "Maytag", known as "the Ion Generator". Roberts explains that they plan to use the device to move storms into Mexico where it will bring much needed rainfall. Meanwhile, Roberts is tracking Hurricane Elizabeth in the Pacific Ocean, which is heading toward Los Angeles. A group of the storm chasers including the pilot, "Dr. Platt", fail their mission when Platt is shot and killed on the airplane by one of the other storm trackers on board. Seeking revenge on the man who killed Platt, another storm tracker on board the airplane ignites the trail of blood from Platt using a cigarette lighter, which causes the plane to explode. Following the failed mission, Roberts requests that Holt, Young, and pilot major Tanya Goodman, to fly into the hurricane and redirect it toward Mexico. During this, Los Angeles is being evacuated due to the predicted landfall of Hurricane Elizabeth. After hearing about this, Andrea Mackintire, a reporter from KLAZ, as well as several other reporters decide to go out in the storm to cover the hurricane, which is now a massive category 5 hurricane with winds over 400&nbsp;mph, and they barely make it back to headquarters alive. Back on the plane, Young attempts to send the hurricane out to sea. Holt refuses to allow this, and threatens to shoot Young, before Young throws Holt off the plane causing him to fall to his death. After this, Goodman reveals that she was on Holt\'s side, planning to send the hurricane back to Mexico. She threatens to shoot Young, and forces him to send the hurricane back to Mexico, however this attempt fails as the plane collides with the generator, causing the plane to explode, and killing Tanya. However Young is able to escape by parachuting back to Earth. Young then meets up with Mackintire, where they decide to do meteorology together on KLAZ.'] ["A dam in a small town in midwest America  is filling up with water due to heavy rains. The disgraced architect of the dam building project comes back to town to reunite with his estranged family, however he is rejected, with his wife claiming that he came back purely to see the dam. The architect then visits the dam and reveals that the project manager cut corners in order to take money himself and framed the architect to hide his own corruption. The dam's resident engineer, Frank, the architect's son, Garth and the man himself set out to relieve the growing pressure on the dam wall, however the pressure release does not work, as corner cutting had led to this portion not being completed. Through flooding the warehouse district, Frank allows the townspeople enough time to escape, sacrificing himself in the process. Garth and his father than become trapped within the dam as the structure begins to buckle, but Garth's mother rescues them at the last minute and they make a dramatic escape from the wall of water as the dam collapses, taking refuge on top of 2 story car park. The final scene is one of reflection, on man's inherit lust for power. The film fades to black as Garth directs a question at the audience, asking them what they would have done had they'd been project manager."] ['The film follows Theodore Honey , a highly eccentric "boffin" with the Royal Aircraft Establishment. A widower with a precocious young daughter, Elspeth , Honey is sent from Farnborough to investigate the crash of a "Reindeer" airliner in Labrador, which he theorizes occurred because of a structural failure in the tail caused by sudden metal fatigue. To test his theory in his laboratory, an airframe is continuously shaken in eight-hour daily cycles. It isn\'t until Honey is aboard a Reindeer that he realizes he himself is flying on one such aircraft and that it may be close to the number of hours his theory projects for the fatal failure. Despite the fact that his theory is not yet proven, Honey decides to warn the passengers and crew, including actress Monica Teasdale . After the Reindeer lands at Gander Airport an inspection clears it to continue on. He takes drastic action to stop the flight by raising the undercarriage while the aircraft is still on the ground, lowering the aircraft to its belly and damaging it. Shocked by the act, some people demand that he be declared insane to discredit his theory. Teasdale and flight attendant Marjorie Corder  both take a liking for Honey and Elspeth, who is lonely and isolated from her schoolmates. Teasdale speaks on his behalf to his superiors, while Corder, seeing that he is decent but disorganized, decides to marry him. During a hearing in which his sanity is questioned, Honey resigns but continues trying to prove that his mathematics are sound. In the laboratory, the time he predicted for failure passes without failure. The Reindeer he disabled is repaired, but after landing from a test flight the tail falls off. Shortly afterward, the same thing happens to the test frame in the lab, and Honey discovers that he failed to include temperature as a factor in his calculations.'] [' In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett and his team explore the wreck of RMS Titanic, searching for a valuable diamond necklace called the Heart of the Ocean. They recover Caledon "Cal" Hockley\'s safe, believing the necklace to be inside, but instead find a sketch of a nude woman wearing it, dated April 14, 1912, the night the Titanic sank. Hearing about the drawing, an elderly woman named Rose Dawson Calvert calls Lovett and claims that she is the woman depicted in the drawing. She and her granddaughter, Lizzy Calvert, visit him and his team on his salvage ship. When asked if she knows the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose recalls her time aboard the Titanic, revealing that she is Rose DeWitt Bukater, a passenger believed to have died in the sinking. She then begins her story as follows: In 1912, 17-year-old first class passenger Rose boards "Titanic" in Southampton with her fiancé Cal and her mother Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Ruth stresses the importance of Rose\'s engagement, as the marriage would solve the DeWitt Bukaters\' secret financial problems. Distraught by her engagement, Rose considers suicide by jumping off the ship\'s stern; a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson stops her. Discovered with Jack on the stern, Rose tells Cal that she was looking over the ship\'s edge in curiosity and that Jack saved her from falling. Pressed, Jack confirms her account. Cal is at first aloof to Jack, but when Rose indicates that recognition is due, he offers him a small amount of money. After Rose mocks Cal for this, asking if her life means so little, he invites Jack to a first-class dinner the following night. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, even though Cal and Ruth are wary of the young third-class man. Following the dinner that night, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in the ship\'s third-class quarter. Because Cal and Ruth forbid her to see Jack, Rose attempts to rebuff Jack\'s continuing advances. She soon realizes, though, that she prefers him over Cal, and meets him at the bow of the ship during what turns out to be the Titanic{{\'s}} final moments of daylight. They then go to Rose\'s stateroom, where she asks Jack to sketch her nude while wearing the Heart of the Ocean, Cal\'s engagement present to her. Afterward, the two evade Cal\'s bodyguard and make love inside a car in the ship\'s cargo hold. Going afterwards to the ship\'s forward well deck, they witness the ship\'s collision with an iceberg and overhear the ship\'s officers and designer outline its seriousness. Rose tells Jack that they should warn her mother and Cal. Cal discovers Jack\'s drawing and a mocking note from Rose in his safe along with the necklace. Furious, he has his bodyguard slip the necklace into Jack\'s coat pocket. Accused of stealing it, Jack is arrested, taken down to the Master-at-arms\'s office and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his coat. Rose runs away from Cal and her mother  and releases Jack. The ship then starts to launch flares in order to attract any nearby ships. Once Jack and Rose reach the deck, Cal and Jack persuade her to board another lifeboat, Cal claiming that he has arranged for himself and Jack to get off safely. After she boards, Cal tells Jack that the arrangement is only for himself. As Rose\'s boat lowers, she realizes that she cannot leave Jack, and jumps back on board the Titanic to reunite with him. Infuriated, Cal takes a pistol and chases them into the flooding first-class dining saloon. After exhausting his ammunition, Cal realizes to his chagrin that he gave his coat with the diamond to Rose. With the situation now dire, he returns to the boat deck and boards a lifeboat by pretending to look after a lost child. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. All lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. The ship breaks in half, and the stern side rises 90-degrees into the air. As it sinks, Jack and Rose ride the stern into the ocean. Jack helps Rose onto a wall panel only able to support one person\'s weight. Holding the panel\'s edge, he assures her she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. Meanwhile, Fifth Officer Harold Lowe has commandeered a lifeboat to search for survivors. Jack soon dies of hypothermia and Rose draws the attention of Lowe\'s boat, and is ultimately saved. Rose and the other survivors are taken by the RMS Carpathia to New York, where Rose gives her name as Rose Dawson. She hides from Cal on Carpathia{{\'s}} deck as he searches for her. She learns later that he committed suicide after losing his fortune in the Wall Street Crash of 1929. Her story complete, Rose goes alone to the stern of Lovett\'s ship. There she takes out the Heart of the Ocean, which has been in her possession all along, and drops it into the ocean. While seemingly asleep in her bed, the photos on her dresser are a visual chronicle that she lived a free life inspired by Jack. The young Rose is then seen reuniting with Jack at the Grand Staircase of the RMS Titanic, applauded and congratulated by those who perished on the ship.'] ['The movie\'s main character is storm chaser Jake Thorne , whose friend and former graduate school advisor. Dr. Joe Branson , has developed a machine that may be able to provide earlier tornado warnings. Samantha Callen  is a government auditor who must determine whether Dr. Branson\'s project warrants more funding. Jake must try to convince Samantha that the machine is worthwhile. During the process, Jake and Samantha become romantically attracted to each other, but powerful tornadoes threaten the lives of all the major characters. "Whoa! It\'s like a tornado out here!" is a famous quote by the well-known actor, Scott Hodges.'] ["The film follows the journey of a Kosovar pilgrim on his way back to Belgrade from the Middle East. While at a bazaar, the pilgrim buys a flute from a man who is visibly ill. Upon his return to Belgrade, the pilgrim starts to show signs of illness and is transported to the city's General Hospital. His disease is initially misdiagnosed and the smallpox virus starts spreading through the hospital very quickly. Once the disease is correctly identified, the authorities attempt to subdue the outbreak by declaring martial law, enforcing quarantine and enlisting the help of the World Health Organization. Eventually, these measures prove to be effective to subdue the epidemic."] ["{{plot}} The movie begins with a small tremor beginning in the hills outside of Los Angeles near a United States Geological Survey  research post. The scene then cuts to a teenage girl on a date with her boyfriend at the Earthquake Ride at Universal Studios Hollywood. The girl is later revealed to be Heather, daughter of Clare Winslow , who is the chief seismologist of the U.S.G.S. office in Pasadena, California. A highly demanding job, it requires Clare to travel the world as at the beginning of the movie she has just returned from a month's long trip from Mexico City in which she reviewed data that was learned from the severe 1985 Mexico City Earthquake. This fact has caused some strain with Clare and her family, nevertheless her husband Steve  remains supportive of her job. Upon her return to southern California, Clare is alerted by her staff, among whom is her assistant Jerry Soloway , that they have been studying a series of tremors that have been taking place near the beachside community of Bombay Beach near Los Angeles. The tremors are occurring along California's famed San Andreas Fault and after reviewing the data Clare reluctantly decides that the U.S.G.S. should raise a mid-level C earthquake alert, fearing that a significant earthquake could be imminent. She is advised by her boss and friend Ray Goodrich , director of the main U.S.G.S office in Virginia, to review the data a little more before making her call. Goodrich turns out to be right as it is revealed that the tremors are just normal activity along the fault. In an effort to support some interest, and hopefully some money, for the U.S.G.S., Goodrich convinces Clare to accept an informative interview with Kevin Conrad , a sensationalist television reporter. Reluctant Clare agrees only to later on have the interview blow up in her face when Conrad prematurely airs a highly edited version of the interview which raises the notion that an earthquake is imminent, which ultimately creates a political firestorm. At the same time Clare and her team begin to notice some unusual activity along the lesser known Newport-Inglewood Fault. Analyzing this information, she is able to conclude that there is a better-than-average chance that a massive earthquake will strike and cause severe damage to Southern California ... and the likelihood of said earthquake happening is imminent, just along another fault. Clare's husband Steve happens to be working closely with high-powered and wealthy real estate developer Warren Cates  who faces losing money and his socio-political reputation from public fear of the possibility of the earthquake. Warren threatens Clare and attempts to have her fired from her job which puts some tension between Steve and Clare. Nevertheless, Clare tries to alert the more skeptical city and state government officials including Chad Spaulding  of the Office of Emergency Management. Her releationship with Spaulding is severely strained for many reasons. First it is learned that Spaulding owes his highly political job to the likes of Warren Cates, who pressures Spaulding into squashing any public reminders that Southern California is overdue for a big quake. Additionally it is hinted at several times throughout the film that two years previously Clare and her team had convinced Spaulding, along with city and state politicians, that a big quake was imminent leading to a series of public emergency preparations. In the end, however, the prediction turned out to be a false warning, creating a public embarrassment, explaining the reasons for Clare's reluctance to raise an alert, despite convincing evidence. Fearing embarrassment and possible political fallout from this new threat, Spaulding decides to ignore her warnings. As this unfolds, Clare's family dynamic is further explored through her strained, though loving, relationship with teenage daughter Heather , which is mirrored by the relationship of Clare's mother Anita Parker  and Clare's sister Laurie , who are estranged from one another due to Anita's open resentment of Laurie's romantic relationship with L.A.P.D. officer Matt . As the tremors continue several other anomalies begin to occur that continue to raise Clare's concern. A severe drop in oil well pressure from the Baldwin Hills oil wells located outside the city in addition to a major methane gas rapture along Farfaix Avenue in Hollywood are all anomalies Clare has seen predate big earthquakes in the past. Clare's warning falls on deaf ears, however, she is vindicated after a moderate 5.7 quake strikes the city causing only some moderate damage. Clare and her team are received favorably by the press as it is felt that there attention to the warning signs predicted the quake, albeit a smaller one. Nevertheless after reviewing data she and Soloway realize that the moderate quake was only a foreshock and that a much larger quake is just around the corner. Worrying her even more is that the quake occurred at the intersection of the Newport-Inglewood and Whitter faults, along the lesser known but highly dangerous Elysian Park Fault, which runs directly under downtown Los Angeles and Hollywood. After reviewing her findings with other U.S.G.S. offices and Cal-Tech State University, Clare alerts Goodrich in Virginia that she in accordance with other U.S.G.S. offices in the state agree to raise an A level earthquake alert for Southern California, calling for a quake of a least a magnitude 7.0 to occur within the next 72 hours. Warning city officials, it is agreed not to go public until the city and the state have all their preparations in place. Nonetheless, Kevin Conrad discovers the story and ultimately broadcasts a news conference to alert citizens of the looming threat. For most residents, however, it will already be too late. Not long after preparations and evacuations begin, the long-feared earthquake strikes when Elysian Park Fault gives way. An initial shock of magnitude 8.0 followed shortly by an aftershock of magnitude 7.2 causes massive damage and kills thousands - among the victims is Anita, who had been trapped in a high-rise condominium elevator with Laurie during the quake. During the time that they are trapped, they reconcile shortly before Laurie is rescued by other survivors, but Anita is less fortunate and dies when the elevator crashes to the bottom of the shaft . Another victim is Miguel, son of Clare's housekeeper Sonia, who is crushed and fatally injured during the collapse of his high school gymnasium during his graduation rehearsal. Steve Winslow is thought to be dead after being crushed by a wall at the airport, but he is revealed to have survived the quake at the end of the film. More gratifying deaths include those of Warren Cates, who is thrown to his death from his skyscraper window; and Chad Spaulding, who  is electrocuted while attempting to escape from the USGS safety bunker beneath City Hall — after which his body is crushed beneath tons of office furniture, which come crashing down as the ceiling collapses. A more redeeming storyline is that of Kevin Conrad, who is transformed from a cutthroat reporter looking for a hot story into a more sensitive and humanitarian character deeply affected by the tragedy and devastation; at the end of the movie, during a live remote, Conrad tearfully remarks that the death toll could top the number of casualties seen during the American Civil War — just before the live transmission is lost. The remainder of the movie centers on the political and social fallout following the earthquake, and Winslows' attempts to reunite with her family . The epilogue of the film states the likelihood of major earthquakes striking several American citites in the next several years along with their expected magnitudes. At the end it is stated that of all the cities mentioned Los Angeles is currently the most prepared city."] ['In March 1975, biological warfare between the People\'s Republic of China and the Soviet Union kills most of the world\'s population. U.S. Army Col. Robert Neville, M.D. , a scientist based in Los Angeles, California, begins to succumb to the ensuing plague but manages to inject himself with an experimental vaccine just in time, rendering himself immune. Meanwhile, the plague\'s surviving victims in Los Angeles, join together as "The Family," a cult of crazed nocturnal albino mutants who seek to destroy all technology and Neville. Two years later in August 1977, Neville believes he is the plague\'s only survivor. Struggling to maintain his sanity, he spends his days patrolling the deserted city, hunting and destroying members of the Family. At night, living atop a fortified apartment building equipped with an arsenal of weaponry, he is a prisoner in his own home. The Family wants to destroy him, believing him to be a last remnant of the old culture. As Neville takes his time "shopping\' for a new leisure suit, he spots a "living Playtex Doll" mannequin which he chases into the overgrown park. Neville decides he is seeing things and dismisses the human sighting. One day, the Family captures Neville in a wine cellar. After a summary trial he is found guilty of heresy by Jonathan Matthias , a former news anchor who is now leader of the Family. Neville is sentenced to death and nearly burned at the stake in the center of Dodger Stadium. He is rescued by Lisa , the woman he had earlier seen while on patrol, and Dutch , a former medical student familiar with Neville\'s work. Lisa and Dutch are part of a group of survivors, some of whom are young children. Although infected, their youth has given them some resistance to the disease and its symptoms are slow to manifest. Nevertheless, given enough time, they will succumb to mutation. Neville realizes that even if it is possible to duplicate the original vaccine, it would take years to salvage humanity. However, he believes it may be possible to extend his immunity to others by creating a serum from his own blood. Neville, Lisa, and Lisa\'s teenage brother Ritchie  return to the bunker, where the older two begin treating Ritchie. Robert and Lisa become romantic just as the generator runs out of fuel and the lights go off. The Family decides to attack, sending Brother Zachary to climb up the outside of Neville\'s bunker. Neville leaves Lisa upstairs as he goes to the basement garage to restart the generator. Neville returns to the living quarters to find Lisa pointing a sub-machine gun at him as he leaves the elevator. Neville scares Lisa by firing at Brother Zachary who falls out the balcony window to his death. If the serum works, Neville and Lisa plan to leave the ravaged city with the rest of the survivors and start a new life in the wilderness, leaving the Family behind to die. Neville is successful in creating the serum and administers it to Richie, who is on the verge of the advanced mutant stage of the plague. Once cured, Richie  goes to the Family to try to convince them to take the serum. Matthias refuses to believe that Neville would try to help them, accuses Richie of being sent by Neville to harm them and has Richie executed. Neville discovers Richie’s body strung up and left as bait to draw Neville outside after dark. Enraged, Neville fights off the Family after they force his car off the road. Meanwhile, Lisa unexpectedly changes into a nocturnal albino mutant and betrays Neville by giving the Family access to his bunker. Returning home, Neville is confronted by Matthias, who forces him to watch as the Family sets his home on fire. Neville breaks free and, once outside with Lisa, he turns and raises his sub-machine gun to shoot Matthias, who is looking down from the balcony. The gun jams, giving Matthias enough time to hurl a spear at Neville, mortally wounding him. The final scene shows the human survivors, led by Dutch, departing in a Land Rover. They discover a dying Neville lying in a fountain, who hands Dutch a flask of blood serum, presumably with which to restore humanity, shortly after which Neville dies. Dutch takes Lisa and the survivors away as they leave the city for good. The Family is left to die, as Neville had planned.'] ['The story begins in February 1988, in a flight simulator with two pilots facing the challenge of landing a crippled jet that experiences a cabin decompression, an engine fire and a loss of hydraulics. The three emergency situations foreshadow the events of Paradise Airlines 243, taking place two months later. The story follows three crew members. *Madeleine "Mimi" Tompkins, a First Officer pilot for Paradise Airlines, who has been selected for training to become a full Captain in the airline, having been the first female pilot to be hired by Paradise in 1979. *Captain Robert "Bob" Schornstheimer, introduced relaxing on his private boat with his wife. *Flight attendant Michelle Honda, shown with her young daughter of whom she paints a portrait wearing traditional Hawaiian costume. Paradise Airlines Flight 243 is an inter-island flight from Honolulu to Hilo, with a return to Honolulu the same day. The characters are developed during several scenes set during the layover, and passengers are introduced to the audience during check-in scenes. The flight then takes off over Hilo, and soon beverage service begins. During that time nothing out of the ordinary occurs, but soon after David - a young boy travelling with his mother - calls the lead flight attendant, C.B. and asks her about the crack appearing in the ceiling. At that moment, chaos breaks loose and the entire front and top half section of the plane apart from the cockpit and cargo hold, blows off in a clean cut. In the mess, Michelle falls to the floor and clings to a passenger\'s seat, C.B. is blown from the aircraft, and passengers are badly injured from debris and decompression. The third flight attendant Jane sustains serious head injuries, is thrown to the ground and clings to life and to other passengers to avoid the same fate as C.B. The cockpit is unaware of the full scale of the disaster and believe a bomb or decompression has occurred. Soon passengers seated in the section that wasn\'t swept away have oxygen masks fall but it is useless as all the lines were destroyed. But the plane was at a low altitude thus it hadn\'t affected them as badly. Mimi and Bob contact Kahului Airport for an emergency deceleration. Soon, the pilots are faced with the fact they may crash and passengers may die, and both Mimi and Bob have flashbacks to her training days and his Air Force, respectively. Michelle has a flashback to walking the shoreline with her father who as a soldier in the Army, has died. Jane\'s injuries worsen and Michelle struggles to climb to her and help her. Later, she also feels she might lose it from the chaos and picks up the call phone only to find it dead. Dorothy leans out of the plane and appears to have a state of shock before George notices and pulls her back in the plane. Michelle then begins to instruct the passengers on a possible crash landing or water landing and passes out life jackets. Gail becomes hysterical when she cannot get a life jacket for David, but soon is calmed by Michelle. Roy panics when he sees hydraulic fluid leaking from the wings. The tower alerts Kahului Fire and Rescue personnel and they arrive before the crippled jet lands. Finally after several tense minutes, Mimi and Bob are able to figure out a plan for the emergency. After some time, the plane lands but with difficulties in the brakes to the vessel and hydraulics. The pilots were worried that the landing might result in a broken plane and fire, but miraculously their landing resulted in no deaths and the emergency notification allowed crews to treat and evacuate passengers immediately.'] ['During the worst recorded rainstorm in the history of the Midwestern United States, armored truck drivers Tom  and his uncle Charlie  are collecting the money from the local banks affected by the rising flood waters. In the small town of Huntingburg, Indiana, which has been evacuated, Tom and Charlie drive into a ditch and become stuck, and Charlie calls dispatch to alert the National Guard. They are then ambushed by Jim  and his gang of armed robbers, Kenny , Mr Mehlor  and Ray ([[Ricky Harris . Kenny accidentally shoots Charlie dead, as Tom gets away with the $3 million in cash and hides it in a cemetery. After being chased through the local Middle School by the gang now travelling with a boat and jet skis, Tom takes refuge in a nearby church. He is knocked out and wakes up in a cell at the local Sheriff\'s office. Tom tells the local sheriff Mike Collig  about the gang and the area he hid the money, although he keeps him locked up. He and his Deputy Wayne  then leave to investigate, whilst another officer Phil  is ordered to take Karen , the woman who knocked Tom out and is currently restoring the church, out of town. In protest, she pushes Phil out of the boat so she will be able to fill the water pumps at her church. The town\'s dam continues to experience huge pressure from the rain and the operator Hank  is forced to open another levee. This causes another huge burst of water to stream through the town, resulting in even worse flooding, especially at the church. Tom wakes in his cell, trapped as the Sheriff\'s building slowly fills up with water. After filling the pumps at the church, Karen returns and saves him by opening the light fitting on the roof for him to escape. They are then spotted by the gang, and hide before having to get out of the water because a nearby transformer is going to blow. Kenny grabs Tom and they both fall in the water, but Tom fights him off before Kenny is electrocuted and later dies. Tom and Karen enter a nearby house, only to discover locals Doreen  and Henry Sears  who believe they are looters. After explaining their story, Henry decides to give Tom their boat so he can return to the armored truck. When he resurfaces from the now submerged truck, he finds Jim and the gang holding the elderly couple hostage. Tom forces Jim to let them go so he\'ll show them where the money is. On the way to the cemetery, Jim reveals to Tom that the National Guard were never coming because Charlie was actually calling the gang, and was in an alliance with them. He was only killed because Kenny was never told Charlie was on their side. Jim then sends Tom to retrieve the money but finds it has gone. When the gang are about to shoot him in anger, they are all ambushed by Sheriff Collig and his deputies, who have found Karen, and the money. The Sheriff now doesn\'t care any more about justice and intends to keep the money, splitting it between himself, Wayne, Phil and Hank, who has now joined them from the dam. Mr. Mehlor and Ray are killed in the shoot out, and Jim and Tom escape in a boat, finding sanctuary in the church. Wayne, not wanting any witnesses left, takes Karen back to her house, and handcuffs her to the banister, with an intention of raping her and leaving her to drown. The others try to force Tom and Jim out by throwing molotov cocktails on the roof, but they fail, and instead drive into the church through the stained glass windows. At Karen\'s house, Karen manages to stab Wayne with her pocketknife, killing him. In the church, a shoot out occurs where at one point Tom and Phil come face to face, but Phil cannot bring himself to shoot him. Hank then shoots Phil, thinking he\'s a coward. The alarm from the dam saying it is overflowed suddenly sounds. Offering a deal, the sheriff says he\'ll tell Tom and Jim where Karen is, if they let Hank and himself go with a couple of the moneybags. Tom agrees, yet Jim does not. A dying Phil then tells Tom where Karen is, and Tom then leaves to try to save her. Jim goes to leave with the money in the sheriff\'s boat, but the sheriff shoots Jim with a revolver he was hiding, wounding his shoulder. Sheriff Collig and Hank escape in a boat and, when they are forced to go faster to avoid the wave engulfing the town, the Sheriff pushes Hank out of the boat, who tries to swim to safety, but is caught in a gas explosion and dies. Tom arrives at Karen\'s house, to find her handcuffed to the banister. He first tries to free her with a saw, but it breaks, and he instead uses Wayne\'s gun. The water is so high now they have to get onto the roof and are then caught by Sheriff Collig. Jim, who managed to escape from the church, comes from behind them in a boat. The Sheriff shoots at him, disabling the steering, forcing him to go over the roof. As he does so, the outboard breaks off and collides with the sheriff, knocking him into the water. However, he is not dead, and tries to shoot Karen and grab a moneybag, but Tom and Jim manage to shoot him dead. Tom tells Jim he should leave, just as the State Police arrive. Jim picks up the Sheriff\'s moneybag and rows away, as Tom tells Karen the fire damage to her church wasn\'t too bad, and "was probably why they felt safe enough to drive their boats through the stained glass windows".'] ['The film begins with a view of the SS Claridon, as a narrator states "The SS Claridon, a proud ship, a venerable ship, but as ships go, an old ship. A very old ship. For thirty-eight years, she\'s weathered everything the elements could throw at her. Typhoons, zero-zero fogs, the scorching heat of the tropics. Now she is scheduled for only five more crossings. Then a new ship, a plush, streamlined beauty will take her place. It is then that the Claridon will pass into oblivion. She has an appointment with the scrapyard. But, it\'s an appointment she\'ll never keep. For this is her last voyage." Cliff and Laurie Henderson and their daughter Jill are relocating to Tokyo and decide to sail there on board the ship. A fire in the boiler room is extinguished quickly, but not before several safety valves have been fused shut. When Chief Engineer Pringle attempts to open one, a huge explosion rips through the room and the many decks situated above it, killing him and some of the passengers and trapping Laurie under a steel beam in her stateroom, in addition to causing widespread panic and opening a huge hole in the side of the ship. Cliff runs back to their stateroom and finds that he can\'t get Laurie out alone. He then finds Jill trapped on the other side of the room. He tries to use a shattered piece of the bed to get to the other side, but it falls through the huge hole caused by the explosion. Third Officer Osborne believes that the crew should start loading the passengers into the lifeboats, but Captain Robert Adams is reluctant, as he\'s never lost a ship. He tries to reassure them that they are in no immediate danger but this doesn\'t help calm them. Cliff finally manages to rescue Jill by using a board to have her crawl across the hole on. Down in the boiler room, Second Engineer Walsh reports to the captain that a seam to the bulkhead has broken away. Cliff tries to get the help of a steward, but to no avail. A passenger states that he overheard his conversation, and wants to help. Osborne reports that the boiler room is now half-full. The Claridon then begins to transmit an SOS, on orders of Captain Adams. Cliff and a few other men return to the stateroom to try and help free Laurie, but find they need a torch. The carpenter reports to the crew that the boiler room is now two-thirds full. To make matters worse, Walsh doesn\'t know how long the bulkhead will last. Captain Adams makes an announcement to the passengers to put on their life jackets. This is more reason to panic. They then begin loading and launching the lifeboats. Cliff finds a torch, and tries to rush back to Laurie with the help of crewman Hank Lawson. Walsh reports that if one more strut breaks, the ship will sink. The boiler room then floods, causing the ship to sink lower. Also, a second explosion happens on the boat deck. When Cliff and Lawson are down in the dining room, it too floods, causing water to burst through the large windows. Captain Adams is looking at his promotion letter to commodore of the line when he is killed after one of the smokestacks falls on him. Meanwhile, Cliff finally gets Laurie out from under the steel beam with the help of Lawson and Walsh. They get up to the boat deck along with Walsh. Cliff, Laurie, Jill, and Lawson jump into the water and find a lifeboat just as the ship sinks. Walsh is shown swimming away, and the narrator concludes with "This was the death of the steamship Claridon. This was her last voyage."'] ['In 2009, a plague caused by a vampire bat has transformed most of the world\'s human population into vampires. This event formed a world completely dominated by vampires. As vampires are incapable of aging or dying, but are unprotected against the sunlight or any UV lights, the whole vampire world is active at night. Human numbers quickly dwindle and the need for blood becomes desperate, while a global war rages between the surviving humans and vampires. When deprived of blood for extended periods, vampires degenerate into "subsiders," psychotic bat-like creatures. Humans are captured and harvested in laboratory farms while scientists research a synthetic blood substitute to satisfy vampires\' blood hunger. In 2019, Edward Dalton  is the head hematologist for the pharmaceutical company Bromley Marks, the largest supplier of human blood in the United States. Along with fellow hematologist Chris Caruso , Dalton is in the process of developing a substitute to bolster dwindling blood supplies. The need is underscored after Dalton\'s boss, company owner Charles Bromley , reveals that the estimated human population is down to 5%, and national blood supplies will not last more than a month. Faced with this knowledge, Edward and Chris carry out a hasty clinical trial of the latest revision, which is a spectacularly gruesome failure. Dejected, Dalton heads home. On the drive home he becomes momentarily distracted and swerves into oncoming traffic, running another vehicle off the road. When he checks on the occupants of the other vehicle he is shot in the arm by a crossbow shot, and quickly discovers they are humans. With police approaching, Dalton convinces the humans to hide in his vehicle and then tells police that the occupants of the other vehicle fled. The humans then leave, but not before their leader Audrey  learns Edward\'s name and occupation from the ID badge on his jacket. At home, Edward is surprised by his estranged brother Frankie , a soldier in the human-hunting U.S. Army who has returned for Edward\'s birthday. Unfortunately, Frankie\'s gift of a bottle of pure human blood re-ignites a long-standing argument over Edward\'s sympathies towards humans, his refusal to drink human blood, and his resentment towards his younger brother for turning him into a vampire. The argument is cut short when a subsider invades Edwards house, forcing the brothers to team up and kill it. The following morning, Audrey arrives at Edward\'s home, giving him a note with instructions for a meet before departing. After some consideration Dalton goes to the meeting location, and is introduced to Lionel "Elvis" Cornack , another human. Before Elvis can explain himself they are interrupted by Frankie, who followed Edward and intends to capture both Cornack and Audrey. Audrey knocks Frankie unconscious and the three make their escape, fleeing from approaching soldiers in Edward\'s car. Once they escape, Cornack drives to the edge of a river, where he reveals that he was once a vampire, but was cured when a car crash ejected him from his sun-proof vehicle into the river during daylight hours. He asks Dalton to help find a way to recreate the cure safely; Dalton agrees. That night, Ed arrives with Elvis and Audrey at an old vineyard, the last human colony in the world. Ed meets with the other human survivors, as well as Senator Turner , a vampire who secretly helps the colony to find a cure. While a convoy of humans is heading to Audrey\'s group, they are ambushed by vampire soldiers, and captured. One soldier finds a radio and the soldiers track the position of the vineyard, forcing the humans there to flee. Audrey, Elvis and Ed stay behind so Ed can be turned back. After some experimentation, Edward is able to reverse the vampire effect, curing himself. One of the captured convoy inhabitants is Alison , who wakes up in Charles\' office. She is revealed to be his daughter, who ran away after the outbreak of the plague, not accepting her father as a vampire. Charles, wanting to have his daughter back, has Frankie forcibly turn her. She refuses to drink human blood, feeding on her own instead - and thus begins to turn into a subsider. She is rounded up with a group of the creatures in a chain gang and dragged into sunlight to burn to death. Witnessing Alison\'s death upsets Frankie and he seeks out his brother. Meanwhile, Bromley Marks has exhausted their reserves of blood, and the army arrives in the cities, destroying subsiders to control the population. Edward, Elvis, and Audrey break into Chris\' home and ask him to help spread the cure. However, Chris has finally discovered a viable blood substitute and does not want there to be a cure. He calls in vampire soldiers, who capture Audrey while Elvis and Edward escape into hiding. They are found by Frankie, who agrees to help but is gradually becoming a subsider. He attacks Elvis and they discover that feeding on a former vampire is another method for vampires to turn back to humans. Edward, trying to save Audrey, turns himself in and goads Charles into attacking him. Edward uses the now-human Charles to cure a group of soldiers starting to experience subsider aggression. Edward and Audrey, cornered by more soldiers, are rescued when Frankie sacrifices himself. This sparks a feeding frenzy that leaves all of the soldiers dead or cured. They are confronted by Chris, who kills the few remaining cured soldiers to hide the evidence of the cure. Just as Chris points his gun at him, Elvis arrives and shoots him in the chest with a crossbow. Edward looks sadly to his dead brother, and Audrey, Edward and Elvis turn back and watch the sun rise on the city. The three survivors then drive away into the horizon, with a voice-over by Edward stating that they have a cure and can change others back.'] ["The story begins in the mountains of Bavaria, Germany, where wildlife documentarian Ernest Helms  is filming local wildlife. While filming, he discovers a man attempting to break into his rental car. After foiling the man's attempt, Helms prepares to drive away but is thwarted by the man smashing the driver's window. Helms, however, succeeds in escaping the crazed man, but receives a minor cut on his hand. A few days later, in Frankfurt, Germany, Captain James Holland , amidst preparations for his forthcoming transatlantic flight as Captain of Quantum Airlines Flight 66, is told by his doctor he does not have cancer. On board Flight 66, a Boeing 747, Helms  is assisted to his seat by flight attendant Brenda Hopkins . Shortly after takeoff, Helms rises from his seat and falls into cardiac arrest, and Brenda gives him CPR. Head flight attendant Barb Rollins  notifies Holland of the emergency, and the Captain and his check pilot, Daniel Robb ([[Richard Lawson  set a course for London's Heathrow Airport,. However they are turned away when British Air-Traffic Control informs them that one of the passengers  could be infected with a deadly strain of influenza. Several harrowing events follow. The President  unsuccessfully tries to sneak Flight 66 into RAF Mildenhall, disguised as a USAF fighter plane and guided in by another, despite a recommendation otherwise by U.S. Secretary of State Lee Lancaster , but the British forces at the base jam the runway with emergency vehicles. Holland threatens to land anyway, only to pull up at the last minute, showing the U.S. Government how desperate the situation is. Soon thereafter, an investigation is set in motion by the Central Intelligence Agency. Flight 66 lands at the U.S. air base in Iceland, but one passenger is so distraught at being separated from her child and at being in quarantine that she runs down the airplane stairs and is shot and killed by U.S. troops in MOPP gear. Holland flies the aircraft toward Mali, but a female intelligence agent warns Holland that an assassin is trying to destroy the flight. Holland tricks the assassin  into crashing and lands on Ascension Island. The book mentions that the virus becomes less lethal and enters the human population. The movie indicates that the flight attendant who gave Helms CPR died a year after the incident, presumably from the virus."] ['The film takes place in the United States in what is presumably the present day. A large, colossal meteorite is heading towards the Earth, and threatens to wipe out the human race in a manner similar to the extinction of the dinosaurs. Whilst the Earth begins a series of efforts to divert and later destroy the meteorite, two parents - Jason  and Ashley  - search for their missing child, who is in Los Angeles, whilst attempting to overcome various catastrophes somehow triggered by the arrival of the meteorite. As the film moves on, both Jason and Ashley soon realise that it is not advanced technology that is required to find their child or divert the meteorite, but faith in religion. The daughter is eventually reunited with her father, just at the time the meteorite is about to hit. They tell each other that they will see each other soon, and the film ends with the meteorite colliding with the earth, destroying all life.'] ["Oil drilling causes the Earth's crust to sink, pushing the magma up at the West Coast, triggering earthquakes and volcanic eruptions that devastate Seattle, Tacoma, and other cities, killing thousands, if not millions of people in the process. A crew must detonate nuclear fusion weapons underground and push the crust back into its proper position. Meanwhile, on the surface, there is a debate as to whether to inform the public about the impending crisis."] ['The movie opens with a British nuclear submarine called the HMS Nereid entering Tokyo Bay in the then-future of December 1983. The ship\'s crew and Japanese seismologist Yoshizumi sends a reconnaissance drone to search the city for any survivors, only to find decayed bodies. It also gathers air samples of something called MM88. After the movie credits, the film goes back to the then-future of February 1982, where a shady transfer is happening between an East German scientist, Dr. Krause, and a group of Americans. It is revealed that MM88 is a deadly virus created accidentally by an American geneticist that amplifies the potency of any other virus or bacteria it comes in contact with. The scientist wants a sample taken to a colleague in Switzerland, Dr. Leisenauer, so a vaccine can be developed. However, the Americans, who are actually secret agents, are only interested in recovering the MM88, which was stolen from a lab in the US the year before. Escaping an attack by East German soldiers , the spies crash their plane and the virus is released, creating a pandemic initially known as the "Italian Flu". The governments of the world watch helplessly as their citizens fall ill and die by the millions. Too late does American President Richardson learn from Senator Barkley and Dr. Meyer that the Italian Flu is in fact MM88, which had been part of a secret study for a new biological weapon led by Colonel Rankin. Within seven months, the world\'s entire population has died off except for 863 scientists and support personnel wintering in Antarctica. The virus becomes active at a warmer temperature than -10 degrees Celsius, and the polar winter has spared the 855 men and eight women stationed on the southern continent. The British nuclear submarine HMS Nereid, which was on patrol before the epidemic began, joins the scientists after sinking a Soviet submarine whose infected crew attempt to make landfall near Palmer Station. The survivors set up a government to deal with the realities of their situation, including the obvious problem of several hundred men living with only eight women. The film comes full circle when the Nereid heads for Tokyo Bay, on its first mission under the "Federal Council of Antarctica." However, just as the group begins to repopulate their new home, it is revealed that an earthquake will set off the United States nuclear arsenal, since Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman General Garland activated the Automated Reaction System  before his death, believing that the Soviet Union would use the confusion caused by the pandemic to attack on North America. The Soviets have their own version of the ARS and will fire off their weapons when the American missiles hit their targets. Unfortunately for the survivors, one of the Soviet missiles is aimed at Palmer Station, which is attributed to the Kremlin\'s erroneous belief that the research station was a cover for a secret missile base. Yoshizumi and Major Carter embark aboard the Nereid on a mission to shut down the ARS before the earthquake strikes, protected from MM88 by an experimental vaccine developed by Dr. Latour. The submarine arrives at Washington, D.C. and Yoshizumi and Carter make a rush for the ARS command bunker underneath the White House. They reach the room too late and all but a few men and the women  perish in the nuclear exchange. Over the course of years Yoshizumi walks back towards Antarctica. Upon reaching Tierra del Fuego in 1988,Dr. Latour: We\'ve all had injections of my vaccine against the virus, which is why we have survived the last four years. he encounters the remaining survivors from the icebreaker, including Marit, a Norwegian widow he fell in love with after his pregnant girlfriend in Tokyo died from the epidemic.'] ['Daniel Kintner  and Susan Watkins  are an American couple frustrated that their hard-working lives don\'t allow them to spend much time together. They decide to pack up and head out on a scuba diving vacation to help relieve their everyday stress and improve their relationship. On their second day, Daniel and Susan join a group scuba dive. Some on board their boat express nervousness about sharks, but the dive instructor dismisses the danger with a joke. A head count is taken, and the passenger total is recorded as 20. Daniel and Susan get in the water along with the rest of the divers. One man, Seth, finds that he has forgotten his mask. He is upset over it and he gets verbally pushy with the boat\'s crew, but knowing the expectations of safe diving practices, he grudgingly remains on the boat. Daniel and Susan decide to separate briefly from the group while underwater. Meanwhile, a woman who is having problems with pressure equalization returns early to the boat with her partner. Including Seth, there are now three people back on the boat, and this is recorded by one of the crew as three "ticks" on their tally sheet. After this tally, Seth asks to borrow the mask of the woman who just returned, and he pressures the woman\'s reluctant dive partner into another dive with him. The two men leave the boat, but the dive tally sheet is not changed because the crew member maintaining it did not see them depart. Hence, there are still three ticks on the sheet instead of just one. Half an hour later, the rest of the group begins returning to the boat, and during that period the crew member diligently increments the tally as each diver arrives back on board. Going by the tally sheet, the total now on board comes to 20, though in reality the accurate count is 18. Daniel and Susan, having separated from the group earlier, are still underwater and have not yet realized that the others have all returned. The boat leaves the site, and although several belongings of Daniel and Susan are sitting openly in the passenger area of the boat, most individuals in the dive group do not know others beyond their dive partners, so no one happens to associate the stored belongings of Daniel and Susan with their absence on the boat. Not long after the boat leaves, Daniel and Susan return to the surface and look for it. They see a boat, presumably the dive boat, gradually disappearing in the distance. They believe the group will return to recover them in reasonable time, as they assume someone on board the boat will notice their belongings. Stranded at sea, Daniel and Susan rehash a few old disputes, bicker about the wisdom of swimming for occasional boats seen in the distance, battle bouts of hunger and mental exhaustion, and later realize by looking down through the water while wearing their masks that they have likely drifted far from the dive site. In addition to the worry that their rescue may be growing less certain, they also realize that sharks have been circling them below the surface. Susan is worried about the sharks, but Daniel tries to calm her, saying, "Sharks are attracted to wounded fish," and concludes that they should try to stay calm and not splash around. Soon, jellyfish appear and sting Daniel and Susan, while several times sharks are coming in very close, seemingly trying to determine if the couple are viable prey. Susan receives a small bite on the leg from a shark, but doesn\'t immediately realize it. Daniel notices this as he goes under to check out the light "nipping" feeling she has. He sees that it is a small fish feeding on the exposed flesh of her bite wound, but he does not tell Susan that the wound is a shark bite. Later, a shark bites Daniel and the wound begins to bleed profusely. Susan removes her weight belt and uses it to apply pressure to Daniel\'s wound. He appears to begin to go into shock. Susan is now very afraid, telling him to "just keep breathing." The tight-fitting neoprene wetsuits are apparently keeping them from fully realizing they have been sustaining small bites. After night falls, during a strong storm, sharks return and attack Daniel again, killing him. The next morning, the belongings of Daniel and Susan are finally noticed on the long-since-moored boat by an arriving member of its crew. He opens their duffel bag and finds their scuba certification cards with their photos on them, and suddenly he remembers the couple clearly and realizes they must have been left out at the dive site the previous day. A search for the couple is begun in earnest. Meanwhile Susan, having held on to Daniel through the night, realizes he is dead and releases him into the water, where sharks attack him in a feeding frenzy. Susan turns away from the lifeless bobbing movement of Daniel\'s floating body as the sharks pull him under. After putting on her mask, she looks beneath the surface and sees several large sharks now circling her. One seems to dart in her direction. Susan looks around one last time for any sign of coming rescue, and seeing none, removes her scuba gear, pushes it away, removes her mask, and goes underwater to drown before the sharks can attack. After Susan slips below the water\'s surface, the film scene flashes elsewhere, revealing a fishing crew cutting open a newly-caught shark\'s abdomen and stomach, and finding a waterproof diving camera, ostensibly that of Daniel and Susan. One of the fishermen asks off-handedly to another, "Wonder if it works?"'] ["The plot centres on the SS Poseidon, a 135,000-ton state-of-the-art luxury cruise ship on a cruise from Cape Town, South Africa to Sydney, Australia as well as the stories and dramas of some of the 3,700 passengers and crew. Passenger and father, Richard Clark, is having an affair with Shoshana, a crew member. His family is drifting away from him and his wife, Rachael, kicks him out of the family's stateroom. Dylan, their 12-year-old son witnesses this and is devastated. His older sister, Shelby, is in nursing school and falls in love with the ships doctor Ballard. On New Year's Eve, a bomb planted by a terrorist explodes. A second bomb is planned to explode, but was earlier dismantled by sea marshall, Rogo. Because water is now entering only one side of the ship, it tips over throwing many people to their deaths. As the ship continues to tilt, the centre of gravity on the ship causes it to flip completely into an upside-down position. Many passengers and crew are injured, crippled, or killed. Ballard's arm is seriously injured. Shelby and one of the showgirls are trapped on a table that is secured to the floor, which is now the ceiling. They are both rescued. Shelby and Ballard then begin helping the injured. A small group of survivors, including Shelby's mother, prepare to escape the sinking ship through the hole left by the bomb. The cruise director convinces most survivors in the ballroom to stay, telling them the ship is not sinking. Shelby decides to stay and help the injured, but knows her mother and younger brother need to leave before it's too late. The others leave the ballroom as Shelby's mother promises to leave traces where the group has gone. They then painfully depart and Shelby waves to her mother with a bloody hand as episode one ends. Episode two begins with the navy realizing that the S.S. Poseidon has gone missing, and they send out a rescue team. In one of the Poseidon crew quarters, Richard and Shoshana reach the ballroom through an air vent. Shelby confronts Shoshona, as Richard decides to follow Rachael and the others with Ballard, Shelby, and Shoshana. As they leave the ballroom, a huge amount of water rushes into the ballroom, killing everyone who didn't listen to Richard. Meanwhile, Rogo's group splits up with Rogo taking the terrorist into deeper water to question him, while the rest of the group continues on the path to rescue. Rogo meets up with Richard's group and they all meet up again in the area where the bomb exploded. The debris is too packed to get through. When the navy arrives, their explosives make it even more impossible to get out that way. They are forced to go through the engine room to detonate the other bomb and blast their way out. As they cross a fiery abyss left by the engines on a fallen cat walk, Shoshana and the terrorist die as the others escape. They find the other bomb, detonate it and successfully open a hole in the hull. The survivors jump into the water, swim to nearby rescue boats. The survivors watch as Poseidon sinks, while a British agent, who had been helping out, laments the fact that there are so few survivors."] ['1st Lieutenant Jake Tanner , an unorthodox Air Force officer, shares ICBM silo duty at an Air Force missile base in California with Major Eugene "Sam" Denton . When the United States detects incoming nuclear missiles, Tanner and Denton "turn the key" to launch part of the retaliatory strike, initiating Doomsday. After launching their entire arsenal of nuclear missiles, Tanner and Denton witness nuclear devastation rain down all around them. Two years later, the Earth has been tilted off its axis by World War III, radiation has mutated insect life, and the planet is constantly wracked by massive storms that cover the entire hemisphere. Military order at the base has broken down. Tanner has resigned his commission and Denton is considering going to Albany, New York to find the source of a lone radio transmission. Before they abandon the base, a rocket fuel explosion kills all but four men -- Denton, Tanner, former Airman Keegan  and Airman Tom Perry . They set out in two Air Force "Landmasters," giant 12-wheeled armored personnel carriers capable of climbing 60-degree inclines and operating in water. They must cross "Damnation Alley," considered "the path of least resistance" between intense radiation areas. On their journey, they lose one Landmaster in a storm , pick up two survivors, fight a band of crazed, savage shotgun-toting mountain men and encounter mutated "flesh stripping cockroaches" in the ruins of Salt Lake City, which eat Keegan alive, as well as a tidal wave set off by earth suddenly returning to its normal axis  before reaching their destination, a surprisingly intact Albany.'] ['The US east coast is suddenly struck by a type of a massive destructive force of nature usually only happening after a major earthquake in the Pacific and Indian ocean rims: tidal waves of the destructive tsunami type. Scientist and fiction author John McAdams is forced to attend a type of Department of Homeland Security conference which concludes the phenomenon must be man-made, quite possibly abusing the findings of John\'s secret former Sea Lion project, but leaves questions of who wants to and has the means unanswered. Indeed John and his colleague Sophie, a Québécois, soon find John set up for a murder of a potential whistleblower and are pursued by The FBI,Maine State Police and a pair of foreign ruthless assassins. Major destruction means major contracts for construction and coastal defenses, so building tycoons like Victor Bannister certainly have a considerable interest. The movie is two part mini-series originally aired in The UK . Sophie, a very successful Québécois Canadien actress and singer but generally unknown to viewers outside of Canada and France, was recently cast as a lead in the American ABC TV series "Pan Am."'] ['The new, state of the art nuclear submarine Seaview is on diving trials in the Arctic Ocean. The Seaview is designed and built by scientist and engineering genius Admiral Harriman Nelson  . Captain Lee Crane  is the Seaview\'s Commanding Officer. One of the on-board observers is Dr. Susan Hiller , studying crew-related stress. The mission includes being out of radio contact for 96 hours while under the Arctic ice cap, but the ice begins to crack and melt, with boulder-size pieces crashing into the ocean around the submarine. Surfacing, Admiral Nelson and Captain Crane discover fire burning in the sky. After the rescue of a delta flow scientist, Miguel Alvarez , the sub receives radio contact from Mission Director Inspector Bergan at the Bureau of Marine Exploration. He advises that a meteor shower pierced the Van Allen radiation belt causing it to catch fire, resulting in a world-threatening increase in heat all across the Earth. Nelson\'s on-board friend and scientist, retired Commodore Lucius Emery  concurs that it is possible. Bergan informs Nelson that the President wants him at a UN Emergency Scientific Meeting as soon as possible. Nelson and Commodore Emery calculate a plan to end the catastrophe. The USOS Seaview arrives in New York Harbor in two days. At the meeting Nelson informs the UN that according to their calculations, if the heat increase is not stopped, it will become irreversible and Earth has "a life expectancy of about three weeks." The Admiral and the Commodore have come up with a plan to extinguish the Skyfire. He proposes firing a nuclear missile at the burning belt from the best calculated location, the Marianas. Nelson posits that when fired at the right place and time, 1600 hours on August 29, the nuclear explosion should overwhelm and extinguish the flames, away into space, essentially "amputating" the belt from the Earth. The Seaview has the capability to fire the missile. However, the Admiral\'s plan is rejected by the chief scientist and head delegate, Emilio Zucco  of Vienna. His reasons are that he knows the composition of gases in the belt and he believes the Skyfire will burn itself out at 173 degrees. Zucco\'s plan is to let the Skyfire do just that and he feels the Admiral\'s plan is too risky. Nelson claims that Zucco\'s burn-out point, however, is beyond that date and time if the current rise rate is maintained. But at Zucco\'s urging, Nelson and Emery are shouted down and the plan is rejected. Despite the rejection, the Admiral and the Commodore quickly leave the proceedings, advising that his only authorization will be from the President himself. It is a race against the clock as the Seaview speeds to reach the proper firing position, above the trench in the Marianas in the Pacific. During this time Nelson and Crane agree on tapping the Rio-to-London telephone cable to try to eventually reach the President. However, an unsuccessful attempt on the Admiral\'s life makes it clear that there is a saboteur on board. But the confusion over who the saboteur might be revolves around rescued scientist Miguel Alvarez, who has become a religious zealot regarding the catastrophe, and Dr. Hiller, who secretly admires Dr Zucco\'s plan. Other obstacles present themselves: a minefield and a near-mutiny. And Crane himself begins to doubt the Admiral\'s tactics and reasoning. During the telephone cable attempt, Crane and Alvarez battle a giant squid. Although the London cable connection is made, Nelson is told there\'s been no contact with the States for 35 hours. Also, a hostile submarine follows the Seaview deep into the Mariana Trench, but implodes before it can destroy the Seaview. Near the end of the film the saboteur is revealed to be Dr. Hiller. Captain Crane happens by as she exits the ship\'s "Off Limits" Nuclear Reactor core, looking rather ill. She has been exposed to a fatal dose of radiation: her detector badge is deep red. Walking over the shark-tank catwalk, she falls in during a struggle with the Captain, and is killed by a shark. The Admiral learns that temperatures are rising faster than expected. He realizes that Zucco\'s belief that the Skyfire will burn itself out is in error. At the end, Seaview reaches the Marianas. There, in spite of the threats and objections of Alvarez, Seaview launches a missile toward the belt and it explodes the burning flames outward, saving the world.'] ['Following a nuclear incident in French Polynesia, a lizard\'s nest is irradiated by the fallout of subsequent radiation. Decades later, a Japanese fishing vessel is suddenly attacked by an enormous sea creature in the South Pacific ocean; only one seaman survives. Traumatized, he is questioned by a mysterious Frenchman in a hospital regarding what he saw, to which he replies, "Gojira". Following a chase with Godzilla, the creature dives into the Hudson River where it is attacked by a Navy submarine. After sustaining head-on collisions with torpedoes, the beast sinks after being rendered incapacitated. Believing it is finally dead, the authorities celebrate. Dr. Tatopoulos and Roaché\'s special operations team, covertly followed by Timmonds and her cameraman Victor "Animal" Palotti , make their way through underground subway tunnels to Madison Square Garden. There, they locate numerous eggs, having finally found the nest. As they attempt to destroy them by planting explosives, the eggs suddenly hatch. Sensing the human intruders as food, they begin attacking them. Dr. Tatopoulos, Rachel, Timmonds and Phillipee take refuge in the coliseum\'s broadcast booth and send a live news report to alert the military of what will happen if the lizards escape. A prompt response involving an airstrike is initiated as the four escape moments before the arena is bombed. Godzilla however, survived the torpedo attack earlier underwater and emerges from the venue\'s ruins. Discovering all of its offspring dead, it roars in anger and chases Dr. Tatopoulos, Roaché, Timmonds and Palotti through the streets of Manhattan. In pursuit of the quartet, Godzilla eventually makes its way to the Brooklyn Bridge. The creature helplessly becomes trapped in its steel suspension cables, making it an easy target. After being attacked by military aircraft, it falls to the ground and slowly dies. Meanwhile, amidst the Garden\'s ruins, a lone egg has survived the aerial bombardment and begins to hatch.'] ["On a remote Pacific island with a newly constructed luxury resort, oil rigger Hank Anderson's scientists are warning him that a nearby active volcano is about to erupt. Shelby Gilmore, who owns the hotel, is not sure how concerned to be, while Bob Spangler, who runs it, ignores all warnings and assures guests that the volcano's threat is a total exaggeration. Anderson and love interest Kay Kirby organize a getaway to a safe side of the island, but Spangler persuades many of the hotel's guests not to go, including his mistress Iolani and his wife Nikki, and they pay for it with their lives when the volcano does indeed blow. A small band of survivors head for higher ground. Among them are Rene and Rose Valdez, long-ago circus tightrope performers, the hotel's general manager Brian who is in fact the younger half-brother of Spangler, Sam and Mona, a bar owning couple from the town, and Francis Fendly, an embezzler being tailed by Tom Conti, a private investigator. Conti is blinded during the volcano's eruption, so Fendly becomes his personal guide. Some of the survivors do not make it. Rose Valdez dies from a weak heart and during the crossing of a rickety bridge some inevitably fall into the boiling lava below. Rene Valdez recreates his tightrope act carrying a child and saves the boy's life. Ultimately Anderson, Kirby and a few more are able make it to the island's other side safely."] ['The Earth is going to pass through the tail of a comet, an event which has not occurred in 65 million years, the last time coinciding with the extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs. On the night of the comet\'s passage, large crowds gather outside to watch and celebrate. Eighteen-year-old Regina "Reggie" Belmont  works at a movie theater in southern California. She becomes annoyed when she finds the initials DMK on the high score list of the theater\'s arcade game Tempest; all the other scores are hers. She sticks around after the theater closes to wipe the intruder off the list, then later has sex with her boyfriend, Larry the theater projectionist, in the steel-lined projection booth. Meanwhile, Reggie\'s sixteen-year-old sister Samantha "Sam"  argues with their stepmother, who punches her in the face. The next morning, a reddish haze covers everything, and there are no signs of life, only small piles of red dust and empty clothes. Unaware that anything strange has happened, Larry goes outside and is killed by a zombie. When Reggie goes looking for Larry, she finds the zombie eating him. She fends it off and escapes.  Reggie goes home to find her sister. Sam had spent the night in a metal yard shed, and was shielded from the comet\'s effects. After figuring out what has happened, they hear a radio disc jockey and race to the station, only to find it was just a recording. They do find another survivor there, Hector Gomez , who spent the night in the back of his steel semi truck. When Sam talks into the microphone, her broadcast is heard by government researchers in an underground installation. They call the station, but hang up when Sam answers. As they listen to Reggie, Sam and Hector debate what to do, the scientists note that the zombies, though less exposed to the comet, will disintegrate into dust themselves. Sam gets mad at Reggie, complaining that her sister has swiped the "last guy on earth", but the two end up laughing and making up. Hector then leaves to see if any of his family survived, but promises to come back. Reggie and Sam go shopping at a mall . After a firefight with some zombie ex-stockboys, the girls are taken prisoner, but are saved by a government retrieval team. Reggie is taken back to their base. Audrey White , a disillusioned scientist, offers to dispose of Sam, whom she diagnoses as having been exposed, and to wait for Hector. After purportedly euthanizing Sam, she kills the other scientist who remained behind. When Hector returns, Audrey briefs him on the situation and then gives herself a lethal injection. He and Sam set out to rescue Reggie. The researchers had suspected and prepared for the comet\'s effects, but inadvertently left their ventilation system open during the comet\'s passage allowing the deadly dust to permeate their base. Meanwhile, Reggie has become suspicious, escapes, and discovers that the dying scientists have hunted down and rendered healthy survivors brain dead. They harvest their untainted blood to keep the disease at bay while they search desperately for a cure. Reggie saves a boy and a girl, before they are processed, then unplugs the other victims from their life support machines. Hector and Sam get the trio out of the base. Eventually, rain washes away the red dust and the world is left in a pristine condition. With Reggie getting Hector and the other two being kids, Sam feels left out. When she ignores Reggie\'s warning and crosses a deserted street against the still-operating signal light, she is almost run over by a sports car driven by Danny Mason Keener, a teenager her own age. After apologizing, he invites her to go for a ride. As they drive off, the car is shown sporting the initials "DMK" on the vanity plate.'] ['As the Earth passes through the tail of a rogue-comet; Rhea-M, previously inanimate objects  start to show a murderous life of their own. In a pre-title scene, a man  tries to withdraw money from an ATM, but it instead calls him an "asshole". Chaos soon begins as machines of all kinds come to life and begin assaulting humans; a drawbridge inexplicably raises during heavy traffic, resulting in multiple accidents , while a vending machine kills the coach at a Little League game by firing canned soda point-blank into his groin and then to his skull, and a pilotless steamroller flattens one of the fleeing children. The carnage spreads as humans and even pets are brutally killed by lawnmowers, chainsaws, electric hair dryers, pocket radios, and RC cars. At a roadside truck stop just outside Wilmington, North Carolina, a waitress is injured by an electric knife and arcade machines in the back room electrocute another victim. Employee and ex-convict Bill Robinson  begins to suspect something is wrong when suddenly marauding big rig trucks, led by a black semi-truck sporting a giant Green Goblin mask on its grille, run down two individuals and trap the rest of the civilians inside the truck stop\'s diner. Robinson rallies the survivors; they use a cache of firearms and M72 LAW rockets stored in a bunker hidden under the diner and destroy many of the trucks. The trucks fight back, and at one point several human fatalities result from an M274 "Mule" firing its mounted M60 machine gun into the building. The vehicles then demand, via sending Morse Code signals through their car horns, that the humans pump their diesel for them in exchange for keeping them safe; the survivors soon realize they have become enslaved by their own machines. Robinson suggests they escape to a local island just off the coast, on which no vehicles or machines are permitted. During a fueling operation, Robinson sneaks a grenade onto the Mule truck, destroying it, then leads the party out of the diner via sewer hatch to the main road. The survivors are pursued to docks by the Green Goblin truck, which manages to kill one more trucker before Robinson destroys the truck once and for all with a direct hit from a rocket shot. The survivors then sail off to safety; a title card epilogue explains that the machines are stopped with the destruction of a UFO by a Soviet "weather satellite" equipped with nuclear missiles and a laser cannon.'] ['The Titanic was the largest vessel afloat, and was widely believed to be unsinkable. Her passengers included the cream of American and British society. The story of her sinking is told from the point of view of her passengers and crew, principally Second Officer Charles Lightoller . Once in the open sea on her maiden voyage, the Titanic receives a number of ice warnings from nearby steamers. Captain Edward J. Smith  is unconcerned and the ship continues on at high speed. Late on 14 April 1912, lookout Frederick Fleet ([[Bernard Fox  spots an iceberg directly in front of the ship. The ship turns hard to port, but the Titanic collides with the iceberg on its starboard side, opening the first five compartments to the sea, below the waterline. Thomas Andrews , the ship\'s builder, inspects the damage and finds that the ship will soon sink, a bad situation made horrific by the fact the ship does not have sufficient lifeboat capacity for everyone on board. A distress signal is immediately sent out, and efforts begin to signal a ship  that is seen on the horizon, a mere 10&nbsp;miles away. But the ship\'s radio operator is off duty and he does not hear the distress signal. Fortunately, the radio operator on the {{RMS}} receives the distress call, understands the emergency and immediately alerts Captain Arthur Rostron  who promptly orders the ship to head to the Titanic at maximum speed. Captain Smith orders his officers Lightoller and William Murdoch to start lowering the lifeboats. Many women and children are reluctant to get in a small, cramped lifeboat, and Murdoch and Lightoller must use force to put them in. Many men try to sneak into the lifeboats, but Lightoller will not allow them. Murdoch, working the other side of the ship, is shown as more accommodating to men. As the stewards struggle to hold back women and children holding third-class tickets , most of the women and children from second and first class climb into the lifeboats and launch away from the ship. The bow of the ship is swiftly taking in a lot of water and there are only two collapsible lifeboats left. Lightoller and other able seamen struggle to untie them and, unable to take the time to put passengers into the boats, leave them in the hope that the boats will save more lives. The {{RMS}} is four hours away and is racing to the site, in hope of saving more lives. The ship sinks amid much chaos on the decks, with third class passengers allowed up from below after the boats are gone. Lightoller and many others swim off the ship. The ship sinks deeper into the water; suddenly a funnel breaks loose and crashes into the water and the ship goes down. One of the overturned collapsibles is floating, so Lightoller and a few more men balance on the boat and wait. Chief Baker Charles Joughin is found in the water, not minding the cold because he\'s been drinking, and pulled up on the boat. Lightoller spots another lifeboat and the men are saved. The Carpathia comes and rescues the survivors. As the film ends, Lightoller, the senior surviving officer, reflects that they were all so sure about the safety of the ship, and that he will "never be sure again, about anything."'] ['{{plot}} Global Airways Flight 502—using a Boeing 707—takes off as a routine flight from Oakland, California, to Minneapolis/St.Paul, Minnesota, with Captain Henry O\'Hara  and his flight crew at the controls. In the middle of the flight, Captain O\'Hara becomes aware of a bomb threat when he goes into the women\'s bathroom  and sees "Bomb on plane divert to Anchorage Alaska. No Joke, No Tricks. Death." He interprets this to mean that he has to divert his course immediately to Anchorage, Alaska, or otherwise the bomb will explode on board. O\'Hara changes course immediately to Anchorage and manages to carry out a perfect landing there, despite terrible weather and other circumstances. A disillusioned soldier, Sgt. Jerome K. Weber , a Vietnam veteran driven into insanity by his war trauma, is responsible for hijacking the plane, and threatens to blow it up with a bomb. In Anchorage, the majority of economy class passengers escape via an emergency slide. The remaining passengers are allowed to leave including the three coach class stewardesses, Jane, Lovejoy and Hazel. Weber then keeps all first class passengers as hostages, amongst them United States Senator Arne Lindner , and Senior Stewardess Angela Thatcher  and insists to be flown to Moscow, as he intends to defect to the Soviet Union. Although the airline doesn\'t receive clearance to fly into Soviet airspace, Weber insists to be flown straight ahead to Moscow, threatening the pilots with death if they do not comply. Upon entering Soviet airspace, Soviet military aircraft appear to intercept the 707. Finally, O\'Hara lowers the landing gear and flaps to a full landing configuration to make the Soviet interceptors aware that this is a US civilian aircraft and not a military intruder, as the Soviet authorities had thought and had ordered the plane to be shot down. O\'Hara\'s actions result in the Soviet aircraft realizing that they have been confronted with a hijacked US civilian airplane. The Soviet military aircraft escort the 707 to their nearest airport, Moscow Airport. There, all passengers are finally released. It becomes clear that O\'Hara and Senior Stewardess Thatcher have been in love for some time but O\'Hara separated from Thatcher in order to save his marriage. Thatcher is now in love with first officer Sam. After landing, O\'Hara and Weber are the only persons to remain on board of the 707. Weber eventually realizes that he is unable to achieve the confidence of the Soviet authorities and his attempt to seize the 707 was futile. When O\'Hara finally tries to kick him out of his 707, Weber shoots him. Both men stagger down the gangway, where finally Weber is shot and killed by Soviet forces. O\'Hara survives, just wounded in his shoulders, and he is looking up into the sky, with a great smile of relief, when he sees a plane just after takeoff.'] ['{{Plot}} A volcanologist and his graduate students believe that all of the volcanoes in the world are going to erupt and kill every living thing on the planet. They try to convince the government that their theory is true while also trying to figure out how to stop it. Dormant for 700 years, the Trollsvatn volcano in Iceland suddenly erupts and kills a USGS survey team. Volcanology professor Dr. Peter Shepherd  takes four of his graduate students to study Grímsvötn, a dormant volcano near the first. It also erupts suddenly, but the group is able to escape. Shepherd is convinced it is not a coincidence and visits Dr. Oscar Vallian , a wheelchair-using volcanologist who recently quit working for the USGS. He explains that many dormant volcanoes have started to erupt around the world. In the past, Vallian had formulated a theory known as Exodus, in which all 1,500 of the Earth\'s volcanoes could erupt within a short period of time. Vallian leaves for Honshu, Japan, to be on the front lines when Mount Fuji erupts. Shepherd goes to Washington, D.C. to explain the Exodus theory and the need to stop it. Dr. William Kincaid , the head of the USGS, hates O\'Neil  and Shepherd, and is given the task of reviewing their data. He promises the president\'s representative Stephen Daugherty  to disprove the theory. Shepherd leaves knowing nothing will happen, returning to his students to explain the government will not act unless they get proof. Shepherd\'s soon to be ex-wife Natalie , a Park Ranger, arrives at work at Yellowstone National Park to be told that Old Faithful hasn\'t done anything for the last day. In Honshū, Vallian and his companion Melanie  wait for Fuji\'s expected eruption. Shepherd makes plans with his students to go to South America to check out another volcano that should be next in the list. That night, Shepherd calls his estranged wife. During the call, she mentions fire season has started in the middle of winter. Shepherd does not mention the volcano issues. The next day, Fuji erupts, destroying much of the island of Honshū and triggering large tsunamis. Vallian calls Shepherd to bid farewell before he and Melanie are swallowed up and incinerated by a pyroclastic surge. Shepherd spends the night in a bar, mourning his friend. His student Brianna  offers comfort and advice while listening to him explain how his marriage ended. In the morning, news arrives that Mount Kilimanjaro has erupted, so the group heads to Pasto, Colombia to do some investigating in a mine. A local explains that some men working in the mine were killed earlier in the week when it began to "bleed fire." Exploring the mine, Shepard\'s group finds massive amounts of heat, but do not realize that they had inadvertently moved from the mine\'s shafts into attached lava tubes. They continue their explorations and find temperatures rising incredibly fast with high levels of radiation filling the "shafts". Students Jacques  and CJ  take rock and vapor samples while Shepherd and Brianna head back. Magma falls from the ceiling and burns CJ\'s shoulder just as Jacques begins to suspect that they are in a lava tube. They flee, but the ceiling collapses and lava spills into the tunnel, killing Jacques. CJ survives but will require a skin graft. The news reports that Mount Etna and Mount Vesuvius have erupted and destroyed Rome. Kai  tells Dr. Shepherd that the samples from the mine were of the same composition and that someone from the USGS had hacked into their server. Kincaid admits to the hacking and stealing the data, and that he plans to present the findings to Washington as his own. During his presentation to the President and to Daugherty, Shepherd and his group interrupt and explain that they have additional evidence that Kincaid had not managed to steal. The President listens as Dr. Shepherd explains the full Exodus theory, explaining that human pollution has caused the Earth\'s core to heat up and expand causing all of the eruptions. Shepard also lists which volcanoes will be next. Using projections he predicts that the Earth will head into another Ice Age within 2 weeks, and explains his solution to release the Earth\'s pressure in a controlled manner under the ocean rather than letting the Earth choose. By using a series of nuclear warheads at strategic points within oceanic faults. After the meeting, Shepherd calls his ex-wife again and begs her to leave Yellowstone because it is the largest volcanic hotspot in North America, but she refuses. While he\'s on the phone, Daugherty calls to let him know that the President has approved their plan and they know have all of the resources of the CIA at their disposal to map the ocean and figure out the plan. With the coordinates set, Daugherty lets Shepherd know that he and one of the students will work hand in hand with the naval fleets from two of its flagships, the Hyperion and the Reprisal. Brianna is left at the USGS as the go between. Shepherd leaves his wedding ring with her and asks her to give it to his wife and let her know he was sorry. Shepherd boards the Hyperion, in the Pacific Rim, by jumping from a helicopter and diving down to the sub. Kai boards the Reprisal in the Atlantic. Shepherd shows the Hyperion captain where the explosions must go in the middle of the Mariana Trench. In the morning, Natalie starts packing up her campground, while another Ranger and some scientists examine Old Faithful. Kai contacts Brianna to confirm the coordinates for his sub, which will also be passed on to Russian and British sub who will aid in the attack. Meanwhile, the Hyperion gets bounced around by volcanic activity in the trench which pummels them with debris. Natalie arrives at the next set of campgrounds only to find an eruption already taking place. She turns around and heads back out. The Hyperion continues to take heavy damage, but is able to reach its coordinates and launch the warheads. It fires its first round of torpedoes, but torpedo goes off track and hits the trench wall. Two more are fired and hit successfully. The plan appears to be working, as they move on to their next targets. At the same time, the Reprisal has also fired its first four torpedoes, however it takes heavy damage from the resulting debris. Shepherd loses contact with Kai, while the Hyperion continues trying to avoid debris and hit its remaining targets. Natalie tries to flee Yellowstone as eruptions continue and multiple park visitors are killed. The President explains that a total of 44 nuclear tipped torpedoes are being fired to try and heal the Earth. As Shepherd prays for his wife, the lava flow at Yellowstone stops just before reaching Natalie and a large group of visitors. The Reprisal sinks, killing its crew and Kai. With the last of the torpedoes fired, the plan succeeds and the Hyperion is able to stabilize. The volcanoes of the world return to normal. Shepherd turns down a position as head of the USGS and reconciles with his wife.'] ["The film is set on Interstate 5 in California on the day of July 4, 24 hours before the summer vacation will officially commence. From the beginning, Highway Patrol officer Sam Marcum  announces in a voice-over that a 39 car smash-up will be the cause of 62 injured people and fourteen deaths. A selection of the people involved are followed up to 48 hours preceding the accident. Other than Sam, who is chasing the murderer of his colleague on the highway, the film focuses on the elderly couple Al and June Pearson , who are setting out to a beach resort to forget the fact that June is suffering from a terminal disease. Meanwhile, a woman named Erica  is troubled by a gang of bikers including rebellious Burnsey , when she is rescued by young Dale . In other sub-plots, Lee Bassett  becomes a murder suspect when he is forced to pick up a young couple on the run, Penny and Pete . Erica , a nurse with feelings for Sam, struggles with doubts of marrying him. Barbara Hutton , a young mother, is panicked when she finds her husband Jimmy , an officer, shot. All these stories come together when a massive car crash changes their lives for good. 43 hours before the accident, Erica meets with her colleague Trudy ([[Terry Moore  at a sleazy bar, where she is introduced to a free-spirited life style. She is picked up by a doctor, Danny , but leaves the bar without him, despite his attempts to flirt with her. Meanwhile, Penny and Pete rob a gas station, and a gunfight leaves Pete injured, and the gas station owner shot. Seventeen hours later, they steal a car, while the owner Lee Bassett drivers under gunpoint. Nearby, Sergeant Marcum holds a truck for speeding, driven by Randy , and warns the owner, who is in the back having intercourse with a woman . Two hours later, Erica is phoned by Danny, who is warning her that he will come over. To flee the home, Erica calls her daughter Susie, asking her if she can come over in Los Angeles. Meanwhile, Pete shoots Officer Hutton when he attempts to hold him and Penny and Lee over. Unbeknownst to Pete, Hutton's wife Barbara has just got into labor and requests Jimmy's presence. Laureen, who assists the birth, is bothered by Sam yet again. She tries to explain that she does not want to marry a man with a dangerous job, considering her wish to start a happy family. The discussion is interrupted by the news of Jimmy's death, leaving Barbara heartbroken. Back at the car with the fugitive couple, Lee is able to steal Pete's gun due to Pete's severe injuries, and leaves only to steal another car, afraid that the police wil account him as an accessory to murder because of his past as a criminal. Penny, who does not know Pete very well, convinces Lee to take her with him. Sometime later, a group of bikers start to harass Erica on the road. Medical school drop-out and truck driver Dale witnesses the situation and starts a fight, which lasts until the bikers hear police sirens. The police, though, are more occupied with Lee's car, which they find with Pete's now lifeless body in it. At the beach house, June enjoys and appreciates her husband's presence, though secretly suffers from her disease and refuses to take her medicine. Instead, she walks into the ocean and attempts to drown herself, only to be rescued by her husband. Just over 15 hours before the accident, Erica grows accustomed to Dale and spends the night with him in a motel, even though she has some doubts about his young age. Nearby, romance also blossoms between Lee and Penny when she tells him about her troubled childhood. The following morning, only an hour before the smash-up, June tries to explain her suicide attempt, while Erica breaks up with Dale, afraid of commitment. Dale initially accepts the situation and drives off, but soon makes a U-turn to follow Erica, declaring his love to her from his car. Meanwhile, Sergeant Marcum is informed which van fugitive Lee and Penny are driving and starts a massive chase. The smash-up soon ensues, killing Lee, Penny, Al, and Burnsey's biker boyfriend Andy , and badly injuring Dale. When Laureen arrives at the scene, she realizes how much she cares for Sam and they reconcile while taking care of the injured people."] ["A worldwide scientific conference is taking place in Australia when Dr. Austin Shepard  suddenly disappears. Dr. Shepard's colleague, Christopher Richardson  and other individuals are soon faced with the reality of an impending crisis and an attempt to keep the information from the public. While a full-blown supernova does not occur, explosions on the sun cause massive damage in Australia and in various other parts of the world. During the impending chaos an old enemy of Richardson's wife escapes from prison, and immediately sets out to kill her and her daughter."] [' A lone man walks through the sweltering streets of a deserted London. The film then goes back several months. Peter Stenning  was an up-and-coming journalist with the Daily Express but a messy divorce has thrown his life into disarray. His Editor  has begun giving him lousy assignments. Stenning\'s only friend, Bill Maguire , is a veteran Fleet Street reporter, who offers him encouragement and occasionally covers for him by writing his copy. Meanwhile, after the Soviet Union and US detonate simultaneous nuclear bomb tests, strange meteorological events begin to affect the globe. Stenning is sent to the British Met Office to get data mean temperatures. While there he meets Jeanie , a young telephonist. Stenning then discovers that the weapons tests had a massive effect on the Earth. He asks Jeannie to help him get any relevant information. It becomes clear that the Earth has been knocked out of orbit and is moving closer to the sun. The increasing heat has caused water to evaporate and mists to cover Britain. The government imposes martial law, evacuates the cities and starts rationing supplies. Scientists conclude that the only way to bring the Earth back into a safer orbit is to detonate a series of nuclear bombs in western Siberia. Stenning, Maguire and Jeanie gather at a bar to await the outcome. As the countdown reaches zero, the bombs are detonated; 30 seconds later the shock wave travels round the world, causing dust to fall from the bar\'s ceiling. Two versions of the newspaper\'s front page have been prepared: one reads "World Saved", the other, "World Doomed". Stenning, because he broke the story, dictates the day’s editorial, still without any indication of whether the nuclear blasts have been successful or not. In the meantime, a few remaining printers wait by the presses for the word of which headline will be used. The film concludes ambiguously with the sound of pealing church bells. The audience is left to decide whether this heralds a new beginning for mankind or its doom.'] ['In New York harbor, Carl Denham ([[Robert Armstrong , a fierce independent film director famous for shooting animal pictures in remote and exotic locations, has recruited a bunch of macho seamen, but is unable to hire an actress for his newest project. His usual agent, Charles Weston refuses to supply anyone because of the dangerous nature of the expedition, so Carl goes wandering in the streets of New York searching for a suitable girl. He chances upon starving unemployed Ann Darrow  and tries to convince her to join him on the adventure of a lifetime, offering her the lead in his project. Although Ann is apprehensive, she has nothing to lose and agrees. They set sail aboard the Venture, a tramp steamer, and travel for weeks in the direction of Indonesia, where Denham claims they will be shooting. Despite his ongoing declarations that women have no place on board ships, the ship\'s first mate, Jack Driscoll  is obviously becoming attracted to Ann. Denham informs Driscoll he has enough trouble without the complications of a seagoing love affair. Driscoll sneers at the suggestion, reminding Denham of his toughness in past adventures. Denham\'s reply outlines the theme of the movie he is making: "The Beast was a tough guy too. He could lick the world, but when he saw Beauty, she got him. He went soft. He forgot his wisdom and the little fellas licked him." After maintaining secrecy for weeks, Denham finally tells Driscoll and Captain Englehorn  that they\'re searching for an uncharted island shown on a map in Denham\'s possession. Denham then describes something monstrous connected to the island, a legendary entity known to the islanders only as "Kong". As the Venture creeps through the fog surrounding the island, the crew hears drums in the distance. Arriving at the island\'s shore, they see a native village on a peninsula, cut off from the bulk of the island by an enormous stone wall. A landing party, including the filming crew and Ann, goes ashore and encounters the natives, who are about to hand over a girl to Kong as a ritual sacrifice. The native chief spots them, getting a clear look at Ann, and proposes to swap six native women for her. Denham delicately declines as he and his party edge away from the scene, assuring the chief that they will return tomorrow to get better acquainted. However, later that night, a stealthy contingent of natives captures Ann, takes her back to the wall, where she is presented to Kong in an elaborate ceremony, leaving her tied to columns behind the wall. Soon after, Kong emerges through the trees and is revealed to be a giant gorilla, who carries off Ann deep into the jungle. The Venture crew returns to the village and open the huge gate on the wall; half of the crew then go after Kong in hopes of rescuing Ann from his clutches. While venturing through the dense jungles, the crew discover that not only does Kong live on the island, but also prehistoric dinosaurs that have somehow escaped extinction and have continued to evolve throughout the centuries such as enraged Stegosaurus, a territorial Brontosaurus, a Snake-like Plesiosaurus and a hungry Tyrannosaurus Rex who tries to eat Ann, but Kong fights and eventually defeats it. Jack, after braving through the many obstacles the island has to offer, rescues Ann and takes her back to the village, but Kong chases after them, breaks through the large door in the wall and rampages through the village, killing many natives. Denham hurls gas bombs at Kong, knocking him out, whereupon he exults in the opportunity presented: "We\'re millionaires, boys! I\'ll share it with all of you! Why, in a few months, his name will be up in lights on Broadway! Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World!" The next scene shows those last words in lights on a theater marquee. Along with hundreds of curious New Yorkers, Denham, Driscoll and Ann are dressed in evening wear for the gala event. The curtain lifts, and Denham presents a subdued and shackled Kong to the stunned audience. All goes well until photographers, using the blinding flashbulbs of the era, begin snapping shots of Ann and Jack, who is now her fiancé. Under the impression that the flashbulbs are attacking Ann, Kong breaks free of his bonds and escapes from the theater as the screaming audience flees. He rampages through city streets, destroying an elevated train and killing several citizens. He looks into windows, his glaring eyes looming in the windows of the wrecked elevated train Kong sees Ann in an upper floor hotel room, he reaches in the window, grabs her, and carries her to the top of the Empire State Building. He gets into a battle with a squadron of military airplanes and despite taking one of them down is wounded by gunfire and falls to his death. Ann is reunited with Driscoll. Below on the street, Denham makes his way through the gathered crowd to look upon the fallen Kong. A police lieutenant says to him "Well Denham, the airplanes got him." The film ends with Carl Denham\'s famous reply, "Oh, no, it wasn\'t the airplanes...it was Beauty killed the Beast."'] [' The film is presented as found footage from a personal video camera recovered by the United States Department of Defense. A disclaimer text states that the footage is of a case designated "Cloverfield" and was found in the area "formerly known as Central Park". The video consists chiefly of segments taped the night of Friday, May 22, 2009. The newer segments were taped over older video that is shown occasionally. The first video segment opens when Rob wakes up on the morning of Monday, April 27 having slept with Beth, a previously platonic friend. They make plans to go to Coney Island that day. The footage cuts to May 22, when Rob\'s brother Jason and his girlfriend Lily prepare a farewell party for Rob who will be moving to Japan. Their friend Hud uses the camera to film testimonials. After Beth leaves the party, an apparent earthquake strikes, and the city suffers a brief power outage. The local news reports that an oil tanker has capsized near Liberty Island. When the party-goers leave the building, they see the head of the Statue of Liberty crash into the street with several stunning scratch and bite marks. Hud records what appears to be a hand of a large creature several blocks away. The monster causes the Woolworth Building to collapse. Later, during the evacuation of the city, a gigantic tail destroys the Brooklyn Bridge, also killing Jason. News reports show the Army National Guard\'s 42nd Infantry Division attacking the monster and smaller "parasite" creatures falling off its body and attacking people.The creatures are called HSP or "Human Scale Parasites" in the Blu-ray special investigation mode. Rob listens to a phone message from Beth saying she is trapped in her apartment and unable to move. Going against the crowd, Rob, Hud, Lily, and Marlena  venture to Midtown Manhattan to rescue Beth. They are attacked by several of the "parasite" creatures; Marlena is bitten by one of them. They come across a command center and field hospital, where Marlena dies. One of the military leaders tells the group when the last evacuation helicopter will depart before the military executes its "Hammer Down Protocol", which will destroy Manhattan. The group rescues Beth, who was impaled on a piece of rebar. The four make their way to the evacuation site, where they encounter the monster once more over Grand Central Terminal. Lily is raced into one departing Marine Corps helicopter. Moments later, Rob, Beth and Hud are taken away in a second helicopter and witness a U.S. Air Force B-2 Spirit bomb the monster. The monster falls, then lunges at the helicopter, causing it to crash into Central Park.  The film skips to less than an hour later, with a voice on the crashed helicopter\'s radio warning that the Hammer Down protocol will begin in 15 minutes. The three friends regain consciousness and flee the helicopter. As they leave, the monster kills Hud. Rob and Beth grab the camera and take shelter under Greyshot Arch in Central Park as air raid sirens begin to blare and bombing starts. Rob and Beth take turns leaving their last testimonies of the day, which Rob mentions as Saturday, May 23. The bridge crumbles and debris covers the camera.According to the "military intelligence" in the special investigation mode of the Blu-ray version, this was the only thing that protected the camera during the Hammer Down protocol The film then cuts to the footage of Rob and Beth\'s Coney Island date on April 27. In the distance, unnoticed by Rob and Beth, a large object falls into the ocean.'] ['A joint military operation between Russian and U.S. special operations forces ends with the capture of General Ivan Radek , the dictator of a rogue terrorist regime in Kazakhstan that had taken possession of an arsenal of former Soviet nuclear weapons. A diplomatic dinner is held in Moscow to celebrate the operation, at which President of the United States James Marshall  expresses his remorse that action had not been taken sooner to prevent the suffering that Radek caused and vows that the his administration will take a firmer stance against despotism and refuse to negotiate with terrorists. President Marshall, along with his wife Grace , his daughter Alice , and several of his Cabinet and advisers board Air Force One to return to the United States. A contingent of news reporters are also aboard. U.S. Secret Service agent Gibbs , acting as a mole for a group of six Soviet ultranationalist terrorists led by Ivan Korshunov , sneaks them onto the plane disguised as a Russian news crew. Once in flight, Gibbs kills several secret service agents guarding the plane\'s armory, allowing Korshunov and his men to take the armory\'s weapons and equipment and seize control of the plane. The pilots attempt to land the plane at Ramstein Air Base in Germany, but are killed and the terrorists\' pilot takes control, diverting the plane towards Kazakhstan. U.S. Secret Service agents take Marshall to an escape pod in the cargo hold, while the rest of the passengers are taken hostage. Believing the President has escaped, the hijackers separate his wife and daughter from the rest of their hostages, planning to use them as leverage. At the White House Situation Room, Korshunov contacts Vice President of the United States Kathryn Bennett  threatening to kill a hostage every half hour until Radek is released. Meanwhile, the U.S. military locates the escape pod but finds it empty. Unbeknownst to the hijackers, President Marshall, a retired military aviator, veteran of the Vietnam War, and Medal of Honor recipient, stayed aboard the plane. He contacts the White House via satellite phone, and reminds Bennett not to negotiate with the terrorists. Marshall manages to overwhelm the men guarding the hostages and develops a plan to drain the fuel from the plane, forcing the hijackers to request mid-air refueling, which would drop the plane to a low enough altitude to allow the hostages to parachute out. Though his advisers insist Marshall leave, he refuses to go without his family. When Korshunov discovers the deception, he forces the plane away, causing the fuel to ignite and destroy the fueling plane, he then captures Marshall and a few of his advisors before they can escape. With Marshall and his family held hostage, Bennett is forced to contact Russian President Petrov to issue Radek\'s release. Korshunov and his men celebrate as the event is broadcast over the plane\'s speakers, but Marshall uses the distraction to free himself. While Marshall\'s advisers deal with the remaining terrorists, Korshunov grabs Grace and disappears to the plane\'s parachute ramp, followed by Marshall. Grace manages to get away, and Marshall wrestles with Korshunov, eventually forcing his chute, wrapped around Korshunov\'s neck, to open, pulling him out of the plane and killing him. Marshall races back to the communication room to announce his freedom just as Radek is about to board a waiting helicopter. When the prison guards attempt to recapture him, Radek tries to flee but is shot and killed. Marshall directs Air Force One back towards friendly airspace, but they are soon followed by Kazakh MiG-29s piloted by Radek loyalists. Escorting U.S. F-15s fend off the attack, including one pilot that sacrifices himself to intercept a missile, but the shrapnel from the explosion destroys Air Force One\'s tail controls, sending the plane towards the Caspian Sea. A nearby patrolling U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command MC-130E Combat Talon is called in to rescue Marshall and the others via zip-line; Marshall insists his family and advisers are rescued first. Gibbs, who had remained on the plane, reveals his betrayal and kills Major Caldwell, and attempts to save himself on the last zip-line crossing before Air Force One strikes the water. Marshall overpowers him, and grabs and detaches the zip line moments before the plane explosively disintegrates on hitting the water. The MC-130E crew reel in the President, and change their call sign to "Air Force One" as they head back towards friendly airspace, while Marshall is reunited with his family.'] ['Alex Shaw  is on a motorcycle chase after a vehicle with stolen goods. He eventually catches the driver of the vehicle, but his girlfriend Annie  runs into him during her driving test. She finds out that Alex is on the LAPD SWAT team after he lied and told her he was a beach cop. As an apology, Alex surprises her with a trip to the Caribbean, on the cruise ship Seabourn Legend. Aboard the ship, passenger John Geiger  places explosives throughout the ship, and sets them off to destroy the ship\'s communication systems. The following evening, he throws the captain overboard, then hacks into the ship\'s computer system to stop the ship. He sets off additional explosives, then calls the bridge to tell the first officer, Juliano , that the captain is dead and Juliano is now in charge. He is ordered by Geiger to evacuate the ship, during which Geiger steals jewelry from the ship\'s vault. As passengers evacuate, Drew , a young deaf girl, becomes trapped in an elevator, and group of people become trapped behind locked fire doors in a hallway filling up with smoke. Annie and Alex try to board the last lifeboat; however, the ship starts moving and the winch lowering the lifeboat gets jammed. Alex jumps onto the boat to rescue the passengers falling off, and Annie and Juliano use the ship\'s gangplank to get the passengers back onto the deck. Alex realizes Geiger is controlling the ship and goes with Juliano to Geiger\'s cabin armed with skeet guns, but Geiger remotely sets off explosives inside the room. Annie and Dante , the ship\'s photographer, notice the people trapped behind the fire doors, and Annie uses a chainsaw to cut the door open and let them out. Meanwhile, Alex orders the navigator, Merced , to flood the ship and slow it down by opening the ballast doors. As the ship floods, Alex sees Drew on a monitor after she climbed out of the elevator, and runs to save her. Alex notices Geiger exiting the vault and holds him at gunpoint, but Geiger escapes by closing the fire door in front of Alex. Using the ship\'s intercom, Geiger explains that he designed the ship\'s autopilot system and is taking revenge against the cruise line after getting fired once he got sick from copper poisoning. Geiger again escapes from Alex by attaching a grenade to a door. The crew notice that Geiger has set the ship to crash into an oil tanker near Saint Martin. Alex decides to stop the ship by diving underneath it and jamming the propeller with a steel cable. Geiger realizes Alex is trying to stop the ship, so he jams the cable winch while Alex is underwater, causing it to break off the ship and free the cable. Geiger takes Annie hostage and escapes with her on a boat from the back of the ship. To avoid collision with the oil tanker, Alex and Dante go into the bilge pump room and use the bow thrusters to turn the ship. The ship screeches down the side of the tanker, but manages to withstand the damage, and heads straight into a marina. It then crashes into an island, which eventually brings the ship to a halt. Alex jumps off to rescue Annie and hijacks a speed boat from Maurice , forcing him to chase after Annie. Geiger takes Annie onto a seaplane and Alex shoots it from the boat with a speargun and reels himself in through the water. Alex climbs onto the plane and rescues Annie, and both escape from the plane on one of its pontoons, which falls onto the water. Geiger loses control of the plane and crashes into the oil tanker, causing it to explode. Annie and Alex travel back to shore in Maurice\'s boat, and Alex gives Annie a wedding ring, asking her if she will "wear it for a while", and she accepts.'] ['When an Amacor oil rig in the Gobi Desert of Mongolia proves unproductive, Captain Frank Towns  and crew chief A.J.  are sent to shut the operation down. However, on their way to Beijing, a major dust storm rips apart one of their engines, forcing them to crash land their C-119 Flying Boxcar in an uncharted area of the desert. Their cargo consists of used parts and tools from the rig, the rig\'s crew, and Elliot , a lone drifter. The crash results in Dr. Gerber  and Newman  dying of trauma, and one passenger, Kyle ([[Bob Brown , falls out of the plane to his death when the tail was ripped open. When the storm ends and the dust settles, it becomes apparent that they are 200 miles off course with only one month\'s worth of water available. Jeremy  thinks about leaving, but Rady  explains that the month they\'re in  is the hottest in the Gobi, and that he wouldn\'t be able to make it. In the middle of the night, Davis  goes out to urinate without informing anybody, during which he trips and gets lost in a sandstorm, eventually leading to his death. The group falls into a panic in the morning when they cannot find him, and after a failed search for him, Kelly  gets into an argument with Frank, during which he says that walking out of the desert would fail, and that their only option is to await rescue. The group initially agrees, but after surveying the situation and realizing that their value to Amacor is less than they had originally believed, they reconsider and are pitched a radical idea by Elliot, who claims to be an aeronautical engineer: rebuild the remains of their C-119 into a new, functional aircraft. Frank initially refuses, which causes Liddle  to wander off on his own out of protest. Frank attempts to go in search for him, following the footsteps Liddle left in the sand. He comes across a valley littered with fresh debris. This turns out to be cargo from the aircraft, which had been dropped when the tail was cut open. Among the debris, he discovers the stripped body of Kyle, full of bullet wounds with shell casings clustered on the ground near him. At this point, Liddle appears and explains that someone had already been there and taken the watch that Kyle won from him in a poker match. Liddle says he will only go back with him if they build the plane, and Frank agrees. They struggle for several weeks building the new aircraft, through dust storms, lack of water, and fighting amongst the group. Rady christens it Phoenix after the legendary bird. A problem evolves when a group of smugglers camp nearby; when the survivors attempt to communicate, the bandits kill Rodney , but are killed in a short, fierce skirmish when ambushed by Frank. Later, it is revealed that Elliot\'s aircraft design experience has been restricted to the design of model aircraft, much to the anger of everyone, especially Ian , who almost kills Elliot. However, they eventually are able to construct the new aircraft and take off, barely in time to escape a larger group of bandit attackers seeking revenge for the murdered smugglers. Through a series of photos, we see what became of the crew when they made it back to civilization. All have been revitalized by the experience: Frank and A.J. start their own airline , Sammi and his wife start their own restaurant , Liddle is reunited with his wife and kids, Ian becomes a professional golfer, Kelly is working at an ocean oil rig, and Elliot wears a flight suit on a Flight International magazine cover with the headline: "NASA\'s New Hope?"'] ['Cultists with an enigmatic leader  seize the only man capable of devising a way to stop a giant meteor from hitting the Earth. A female agent  teams up with a prisoner , who together have three days to rescue the scientist and save the planet.'] ["In New York City's Central Park, people begin committing mass suicide. Initially believed to be a bio-terrorist attack using an airborne neurotoxin, the behavior quickly spreads across the northeastern United States. Elliot Moore, a high school science teacher in Philadelphia, hears about the attacks and decides to go to Harrisburg by train with his wife, Alma. They are accompanied by his friend Julian and Julian's eight-year-old daughter Jess. Julian's wife is stuck in Philadelphia but is expected to meet them in Harrisburg. The train loses all radio contact en route and stops at a small town. They receive word that Philadelphia has been attacked and Julian's wife was not able to get on the train to Harrisburg. Julian decides to go look for her, leaving his daughter with the Moores. However, the town has already been hit by the toxin. Succumbing to it, the driver and Julian both commit suicide. Elliot, Alma and Jess hitch a ride with a nurseryman and his wife. The nurseryman believes that plants are responsible, as they can release chemicals to defend themselves from threats. The crew are joined by other survivors and split into two groups, with Elliot, Alma, and Jess in the smaller group. When the larger group is affected by the toxin, Elliot realizes that the plants are targeting only large groups of people. He splits their group into smaller pockets and they walk along, arriving at a model home. Two other groups arrive on the property, triggering a neurotoxin attack, signaled by what appears to be wind tossing the vegetation. The next house they come upon is sealed, its residents trying to protect themselves from the toxin. Elliot's attempts to reason with them are deemed unsuccessful when the residents shoot Josh and Jared, two teenage boys whom Elliot had earlier befriended. Elliot, Alma, and Jess next come upon the isolated house of Mrs. Jones, an elderly eccentric who has no outside contacts and is unaware of the current disaster. The following morning, Mrs. Jones becomes infected with the toxin. Realizing that the plants are now targeting individuals, Elliot locks himself in the basement but is separated from Alma and Jess, who are in the home's small outhouse. They are able to communicate through an old talking tube, and Elliot warns them of the threat. He expresses his love for her before deciding that if he is to die, he would prefer to spend his remaining time with her. The three leave the safety of their buildings and embrace in the yard, surprised to find themselves unaffected by the neurotoxin. The outbreak has abated as quickly as it began. Three months later, Elliot and Alma have adjusted to their new life with Jess as their adopted daughter. On television, an expert, comparing the event to a red tide, warns that the epidemic may have only been a warning. He states that humans have become a threat to the planet and that is why the plants have responded aggressively. Alma discovers she is pregnant and embraces Elliot with the news. In the Tuileries Gardens at the Louvre Palace in Paris, France, a scream is heard and everyone freezes in place as the wind rustles through the trees, signifying another attack."] ['Psychotherapist Claire Summers  is called upon to treat a group of five survivors of a recent plane crash. One of the survivors, Eric , exhibits symptoms that suggest he is disguising his true feelings about the crash by making major life changes. As Claire and Eric grow closer, Claire\'s patients begin to disappear. She forms a theory that the airline is targeting them to prevent knowledge about a mechanical failure from spreading. Claire visits her estranged sister\'s house after Eric suggests that she make peace with her. There, her sister is absent but she is greeted by an official from the airline who has been advising her not to investigate the crash. He reveals that all of the plane\'s passengers died in the crash. He leaves behind a suitcase that contains a ledger of passengers\' names. Claire discovers that she too was on the ill-fated flight, and remembers everything that happened. Claire goes to the docks to meet Eric on his boat. She realizes that everyone she came into contact with over the last few weeks was actually dead; "ghosts" of friends and family who were trying to help her come to terms that she, and the other passengers, have died. As the movie ends, Claire\'s sister, Emma, and her husband are let into her now-abandoned apartment by the landlord, where she discovers a note Claire was planning to send to make peace with her.'] ['The film follows the passengers and crew on an airline flight from Hawaii to California that develops engine problems at its mid-way point. While the captain expects a ditching, the first officer convinces him to try to make the airport. The crew eventually nurses the damaged airliner to a safe landing where an inspection reveals that it landed with virtually dry tanks.'] ['Lee Dae-ho , a single father and manager of the 120 story luxurious landmark building complex, \'Tower Sky\' in Seoul. He is an earnest employee liked by his colleagues and is secretly in love with Seo Yoon-hee , a restaurant manager. The owner of the complex, Mr Jo decides to hold a "White Christmas" party for tenants and VIPs on Christmas Day, with helicopters circling above, sprinkling snow onto the party. Dae-ho has promised to spend the day at an amusement park with his daughter Ha-na, but had to cancel when he is needed at the party. Whilst the party is in full swing one of the helicopters crashes into the building and the building catches fire. Dae-ho moves quickly to save Ha-na, Yoon-hee and his colleagues. At the same time, firefighter Kang Young-kee  fight to makes bring the blaze under control, helping Dae-ho in the process. Together they fight to save the lives of everyone, despite a feud between the two men.{{cite web}}'] ['The film opens up on Operation Eagle Claw, the American operation to rescue American hostages being held at the U.S. embassy to Tehran. The operation is being aborted after a fatal helicopter crash, with the U.S. Delta Force evacuating to their C-130 transports. Among them is Major Scott McCoy , who, against orders, rescues his wounded comrade Pete Peterson ([[William Wallace  from the burning helicopter before the team finally evacuates. McCoy expresses his disgust for the politicians and military hierarchy that forced the mission to launch despite the risks, and announces he is resigning his commission. Five years later, a group of Lebanese terrorists armed with a Colt M1911, PM-63 machine pistol and AK-47s hijack American Travelways Boeing 707  Flight 282 that is on a flight from Cairo, Egypt to Athens, Greece to Rome, Italy and then to New York City. Taking all passengers and crew hostage, the group, the pro-Khomeini New World Revolutionary Organization, led by Abdul Rifi  and Mustafa , forces Captain Roger Campbell  and his crew to fly the plane to Beirut, Lebanon, where they make demands to the United States government that, if not met, will result in the death of the hostages. During the crisis, they separate the Israeli passengers from the Americans by forcing the flight attendant to identify them, who is hesitant to do so because she is German. When the plane lands in Algiers for refueling, the terrorists bring a dozen additional henchmen on board and release the female hostages and children. Meanwhile Delta Force, led by Colonel Nick Alexander  and McCoy, are deployed to resolve the crisis. Once the female hostages are evacuated, they launch their assault, only to discover too late that there are additional hijackers and inadvertently alert the terrorists. Abdul kills one hostage, a US Navy diver named Tom, taking the other two US divers with them as well as dozens of male Jewish passengers on board to Beirut. Delta Force gives chase to rescue the remaining hostages. Upon landing in Beirut, the terrorists gather their hostages and transport them to a militant-controlled area of Beirut. Using a sympathetic Greek Orthodox priest, Israeli Army Intelligence prepares an operation to free the hostages. In a prolonged campaign against the terrorists, Delta Force bides their time to identify the terrorist leaders and the location of the hostages. Once their location is discovered, Delta Force assaults the terrorist holdout, freeing the hostages and evacuating them to the airport. During the battle, McCoy, Peterson and their team hunts down Abdul and his men, killing most of the militants before Abdul shoots Peterson, gravely injuring him. McCoy chases Abdul and tracks him down to an abandoned home. He then engages him into a vicious hand-to-hand fight, breaking Abdul\'s arm. As the terrorist leader prepares to shoot McCoy, he is killed after McCoy launches a rocket into his car With the hostages and rescue teams secured, the team seizes Flight 282 by secretly infiltrating the airfield through a cotton field. Using silenced weapons, Alexander and the Delta team assassinates the terrorist guards including the last hijacker and saves the crew, ordering them to fly to Israel. The team boards the plane with all of the hostages, taking off just as McCoy is the last one to board the plane after having destroyed several terrorist jeeps on the runway with his motorcycle armament. On board the team tends to the wounded passengers and Pete who is now dying. After having confirmed that the hostages are safe and en route home, Pete says his farewells to McCoy before succumbing to his wounds. In the main cabin the ex-hostages and Delta commandos join together in a rousing rendition of "America The Beautiful", not knowing about Pete\'s death. In Israel, the plane lands safely and the hostages are greeted by their families, while Delta Force disembarks with Pete\'s body in tow. The team concludes their operation and departs for the United States amidst celebrations by the people.'] ['Set in the 1920s in Pago Pago, Eastern Samoa, Charlotte, an American painter, arrives from Boston on the island of Alaya to visit her father, U. S. Navy Captain Bruckner, whom she hasn\'t seen in quite some time. Bruckner is the U.S. Congress-sanctioned Governor of the island, and he rules it with a stern, patrician, and thoroughly patronizing attitude towards the natives. Charlotte is somewhat taken aback by her father\'s rigid adherence to the law, particularly when she tries to intervene on behalf of Bruckner\'s charge/houseboy Matangi, who has involved Charlotte in a scheme to get Bruckner to toss out a harsh penalty issued to a native man who stole a boat "for love." Bruckner refuses, pish-poshing all this talk of love over the law, and severely reprimands Matangi, much to Charlotte\'s dismay. Bruckner comes to regret that intractability because Matangi is soon anointed the High Chief of his island, Alava. Matangi isn\'t as willing to whole-heartedly accept the edicts of the U.S. forces, particularly if they go against the well-being of his own people. His stubbornness quietly enrages Bruckner. After a public showdown between Matangi and Bruckner at Matangi\'s coronation comes a suggestive dance by Matangi and his intended, Siva. Charlotte wants to stay for a month on the island, chaperoned by Dr. Danielsson and Father Malone, missionaries who both reside on Alava. Despite Captain Bruckner’s jealousy over his daughter’s attraction to Matangi, he agrees to the stay and sails off for a month. Bruckner’s absence is just what the doctor ordered for Matangi and Charlotte, who quickly become lovers. When this is discovered by her father, he has Matangi arrested on a trumped-up charge. He escapes, with Charlotte\'s help. The lovers\' fate soon rests with nature, not Captain Bruckner. Just as tensions are beginning to boil, disaster strikes in the form of a giant hurricane, bringing inevitable destruction and death with it. When the winds die down, how many lives will be shaken up?'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Brad , an out of work musician, making a cup of latte for his wife Lexi  who is still in bed. She soon leaves for work and Brad is left at home alone. Over the radio he hears that several suspected dirty bombs have been detonated across Los Angeles. He exits his house and sees large amounts of smoke rising from the city center and gets into his car to drive towards the city center in order to find her. Brad tries to contact her through her cell phone, but only receives a busy signal. He soon finds that most roads now have police blockades. An ash covered car is stopped by the police. One policeman notices Brad watching from inside his car and goes over to him to tell him to go back home. The police officers aim their weapons at the driver as he gets out and demand that he get back into his car. He ignores their warning and is shot down by the police. Brad decides to leave and go back home when he encounters a small boy called Timmy  who is watching the rising smoke from the city center. Brad tells him to run home to his parents as fast as he can as it is not safe where he is. Once home Alvaro ([[Tony Perez  enters the house and asks Brad if he can stay with him as there is no one at the neighbor\'s house where he was working. They hear that survivors of the blasts are being quarantined as the weapons were dirty bombs and the authorities advise people to seal up their homes before the contaminated dust cloud reaches them. Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal up the house with duct tape and plastic. As it becomes increasingly more obvious that Lexi might not come home, he takes some of Lexi\'s clothes and leaves them outside the back door with some food and water. Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal off the front door. Radio newscasts claim that the bombs contained several toxins and an unknown viral strain. Lexi has been involved in a car crash but is still alive. She walks home still covered in the dust and Brad realizes she could infect both himself and Alvaro so does not let her in. Lexi becomes desperate believing that Brad had planned to lock her out of the house. She loses her temper and throws her cell phone at one of the door panes, breaking it. Brad and Alvaro both rush to cover up the breakage and seal it off. Together they manage to calm down Lexi. Brad then seals off the main bedroom from the rest of the house so that Lexi can get into it. Lexi receives a call from her mother, who realizes that she was near the explosion and is probably infected. Her pleas for Lexi to go to a hospital fall on deaf ears, as Lexi tells her that the rest of the country is seeing news that is not reflecting the reality of the situation. A car alarm goes off revealing Timmy standing next to it. Lexi calls him over and Brad seals off another part of the house in order for Lexi and Timmy to clean off the ash up in the bathroom. Alvaro soon decides to leave the house as he "needs to be with his wife". Brad tries to convince him to stay but the last we see of Alvaro is him walking down the road slowly getting covered by the ash. Lexi hears a noise from the back and alerts Brad. A masked man appears who reveals himself to be Rick . He tells Lexi that there is a ship on the coast that has medical supplies and is helping people. Lexi, Rick and Timmy leave for help and Brad hears newscasts on the radio saying that the bombs contained a hybrid viral strain that attacks the respiratory system. That same night Brad is visited by a Corporal Marshall  and his men. He asks Brad several questions, such as how well his house has been sealed, who else is there/has been there, and if there had been any contact between him and anyone on the outside. Brad mentions the cell-phone which Lexi had thrown through the window and the marshall demands a sample of the dust off the phone. Marshall tells Brad that he will soon be back with the results and that his wife should under no circumstances be let into the house. As the marshall leaves we hear him recite the home\'s address and say "Red Tag". Lexi returns home the next day without Timmy or Rick and sees the red tag placed outside the house. Lexi tells Brad that Timmy was treated with all the other children and that she saw five men get shot. Lexi rings her brother Jason  so that she can have someone to talk to about simple things to pass the time, after she could not cope with talking to her mother who is frantic with worry about her. The next couple of hours are spent with Brad and Lexi on either side of their back door talking to each other about what they will do, assuming that they survive this crisis. Brad imagines that after this they will both probably end up on one of those morning talk shows where everyone goes to reveal their woes. Troops appear from the side of the house and grab Lexi while preventing Brad from coming outside to interfere with them. The soldier manages to calm Brad down and explains to him that because Brad did such a good job sealing up the house there was no new air to circulate through. The virus  has now multiplied to lethal levels and the air inside the house has become lethal. Brad doesn\'t understand what the soldier is saying and insists that they bring his wife back. The marshall tells him "Please don\'t struggle." A large heavy piece of plywood is put over the back door which completely covers it. A hole is drilled through the wood and a pipe appears through which a gas starts to be pumped in. More boards seal the windows and doors but Brad manages to break down the plywood covering his front door, only to discover that a fumigation tent has been erected over the whole house. He tries to tear through the tent and is knocked unconscious by the rifle butt of a soldier as Lexi screams Brad\'s name. The camera cuts to Brad as he takes his last few breaths. Lexi is sitting on the edge of an ambulance being attended to by a female nurse who says "Say a prayer; you might just make it." The film closes with Lexi in too much shock to say anything, her cell phone ringing.'] ['A glacier moves quickly towards North America, specifically the Eastern Seaboard, at 200 mph after a sudden and extremely violent volcanic eruption in Iceland. A series of freak climate and weather events occur such as winter-like snow in August. A family has to pull together to escape what seems like a coming ice age.'] ['Bilge had lost her mother in the 1999 earthquake. Several years later, she and her family go on a vacation to the coast. On the way to their rented house, she sees a series of visions. Things get worse when a small earthquake occurs, bringing back memories of her loss and releasing her inner demons.'] ['After a collision between a comet and an asteroid named Orpheus, a five-mile-wide chunk of Orpheus is set on a collision course with Earth, with devastating results expected on impact. While the United States government and military engage in political maneuvering, other smaller and faster moving fragments rain down on Earth. The United States has a secret orbiting nuclear missile platform satellite named Hercules, which was thought of by Dr. Paul Bradley  of the U.S. It was intended for defense against a massive space rock, but instead, it was demoted to an orbiting super weapon, its missiles now aimed at Russia. However, its fourteen nuclear missile armament is not enough to stop the meteor. The U.S. government discovers the existence of another weapon satellite constructed by the Soviet Union. The President  goes on national television and reveals the existence of Hercules, explaining it as a foresighted project to meet the threat that Orpheus represents. He also offers the Soviets a chance to save face and join in by saying they had the same foresight and have their own satellite weapon. Bradley requests a scientist named Dr. Alexei Dubov  to help him plan a counter-effort against Orpheus. Bradley and Harry Sherwood  from NASA have already arrived at the control center for Hercules, which is located beneath the AT&T Building  in Lower Manhattan. Major-General Adlon  is the commander of the facility. Dubov and his assistant and interpreter Tatiana Donskaya  arrive and Bradley works at breaking the ice of distrust held by Hercules commander Adlon. Since Dubov cannot admit the existence of the Soviet device, he agrees to Bradley\'s proposal that they work on the "theoretical" application of how a "theoretical" Soviet space platform\'s weapons would be coordinated with the American ones. Meanwhile, further fragments of the meteor affect Earth, and the Soviets finally admit that they have the device and are willing to join in the effort. It appears that the satellite has a lot in common with Hercules, it was built with sixteen nuclear missiles for defense against a massive space rock, but it too was demoted to an orbiting super weapon, its missiles now aimed at the United States. The satellite is christened Peter the Great by the joint US-Soviet team working at Hercules control, and both satellites are turned around to aim into space. Unfortunately, smaller fragments and "splinters" still continue to strike many places on Earth, some causing great damage, including in Hong Kong, where a fragment hits the ocean and causes a tsunami that devastates the city. On Sunday morning, Peter the Great\'s missiles are fired off because of its position along the orbit, Herculess missiles are fired 40 minutes later. Just after Herculess missiles are fired off, New York is struck by a large fragment of the meteor, destroying most of the city. Several workers inside the control center are killed when the facility is partially destroyed and the survivors slowly work their way out of the control center by going through the New York subway system, which has become somewhat of a trap due to the East River breaking into the tunnels. Meanwhile, the two sets of guided missiles link up into three waves of mixed nationality, each wave bigger than the last. The Hercules crew reach a subway station filled with other people and wait while others try to dig out. Back in space, the missiles reach the meteor. Two Russian missiles and one U.S. missile have been lost in the journey. The first wave of missiles strikes the space rock, making an explosion. The second wave follows with a bigger explosion. Finally, the third wave hits the meteor making an explosion that fills the screen. When the dust settles, the space rock is nowhere to be seen. Back at New York, the radio stations broadcast news of the result: Orpheus has been either obliterated or shifted to a harmless trajectory. Just then, the subway station occupants are rescued. The scene then switches to an airport some time later, with a Soviet flag and an American flag on an open hangar door. From here, Dubov and Tatiana say goodbye to Bradley and others, then they board a plane with the Soviet star and it takes off for Russia.METEOR'] ['The firefighters of Engine 17 of the Chicago Fire Department, two of whom are brothers, Lt. Stephen "Bull" McCaffrey , the elder, is experienced, Brian , has labored under his brother\'s shadow all his life. He returns to firefighting after a number of other careers falter, though Stephen has doubts that Brian is fit to be a firefighter. As a child, Brian witnessed the death of their father, Dennis . The longest serving of all the men at Engine 17, John "Axe" Adcox , served under the McCaffreys\' father in the department and was like an uncle to the boys when their father died. He attacks fires head on, but is concerned about Stephen\'s unorthodox methods and disregard for safety procedures. Helen McCaffrey  is Stephen\'s estranged wife and the mother of their son, Sean. Helen has grown fearful of Stephen\'s dedication to firefighting and the risks he takes. While they are still in love, she separated from Stephen to protect herself and Sean. Martin Swayzak  is an alderman on the Chicago City Council. He hopes to be elected mayor, but has had to make a number of budget cuts to the fire department. Many of the rank and file firemen believe that the cuts are endangering firefighters\' lives. Jennifer Vaitkus  is Brian\'s ex-girlfriend and works in Swayzak\'s office. Her loyalties are torn between her job and Brian. Donald "Shadow" Rimgale  is a dedicated arson investigator. He is called in because a number of recent fires appear connected. Arsonist Ronald Bartel  has been imprisoned for many years. Rimgale manipulates Bartel\'s obsession with fire to ensure Bartel\'s annual application for parole is turned down. Brian consults Bartel for advice in order to determine the missing link in the recent arsons. It is revealed during an investigation that Swayzak was paid off to shut down firehouses so they could be converted into community centers, with the contractors receiving contracts for the construction. When 17 answers a call in a highrise, Stephen urges them to move in quickly to take out the fire despite Adcox\'s advice to wait for back-up. Brian\'s friend and fellow "probationary fireman" trainee Tim Krizminski , under Stephen\'s wing, accidentally opens a door only to be met by a backdraft. His face is burned beyond recognition, but he survives. Adcox and Brian both blame Tim\'s condition on Stephen\'s reckless tactics. Stephen confronts Adcox about the deadly backdrafts during a multiple-alarm fire at a chemical plant. Adcox admits that he set the fires to kill associates of Swayzak because Swayzak was benefiting from the deaths of firefighters. When an explosion destroys the catwalk they are on, Stephen grabs Adcox\'s hand while hanging on to the remains of the catwalk. Adcox requests Stephen let go of him, but Stephen loses his grip on the catwalk. Adcox is killed and Stephen is mortally wounded. Brian, having been injured by Adcox, rushes to help other firefighters reach his brother. Stephen dies on the way to the hospital with Brian at his side, his final request being that Brian not reveal that Adcox was behind the fires. After Stephen and Adcox\'s funeral, Brian and Rimgale, with the help of the police, interrupt a Swayzak press conference. Rimgale questions Swayzak on a fake manpower study that led to the deaths of several firemen, including Stephen and Adcox, effectively killing Swayzak\'s mayoral ambitions. Brian decides to continue as a firefighter despite the loss of his father and brother.'] ['Four billion years ago, before life had developed on Earth, a cosmic object fell in the seas of our planet. In modern times in the mountains of Bhutan, a huge artifact makes its way to the surface, producing a powerful electromagnetic pulse causing worldwide blackouts. Alarmed by the electromagnetic phenomenon and under request of the government of Buthan, the American NSA launches a military and scientific reconnaissance operation on site, led by Dr. K.C. Czaban  with the technical assistance of terminally ill engineer Mason Rand , picked up on the Mexican border in time for the mission. The team finds the artifact suspended in the air and object of veneration from the natives, who call it the Torus and consider it a gift from the gods with extraordinary healing proprieties. The US team enters the Torus, but an air strike by the Chinese Army against the artifact prompts an unexpected response from the object, which destroys two Chinese military planes and kidnaps a US soldier. Unsuccessful diplomatic negotiations escalate the tension in the area between Chinese and US armed forces, while inside the Torus the scientific team goes to the core of the huge machine. They discover how ancient the artifact is and speculate it could have been the spark of life on Earth, as well as the cause of multiple extinctions in the course of the eras. Fomented by NSA agent Allen Lysander , conflict explodes between the troops of the two factions and the Torus reacts, blanketing the planet with a thick cloud cover, evidently starting the process for a new mass extinction. By Presidential order, the US soldiers plant a nuclear bomb inside the Torus to destroy it, and Czaban and Rand unsuccessfully try to deactivate the device to keep it from detonating. However, the Torus absorbs the blast and, seemingly satisfied by the extreme sacrifice attempted by the two scientists, ceases its actions, sheds its external shell and, in the form of an energy sphere, leaves Earth. Four months later, Rand, now cured after his exposure to Torus, receives from Czaban the news that she is pregnant, despite being sterile before their encounter with the alien artifact.'] ["A waste disposal company has a Russian nuclear bomb to transport, and an employee decides to save money by concealing it on a freight train. This train is also loaded with hazardous and flammable chemicals including metallic sodium which spontaneously ignites on contact with water. The train suffers a brake failure and becomes a runaway heading for Denver. John Seger, an NTSB investigator, boards the train and with the assistance of the railwaymen tries various ways to stop the train. Several ideas are tried, such as coupling a following train to the caboose , a derailing attempt  in which a helicopter narrowly avoids being hit, and finally, an attempt at manually activating the brakes . The final attempt works successfully, but is short-lived. The following rescue train, unaware of the freight's slowing, speeds forward and crushes the caboose . The force disengages the brakes, causing the train to speed up once again. Meanwhile, Denver residents are struggling to collect their families and then leave town, despite rioters and gridlock. Realizing that there is no way to stop it, John and the engineer  abandon the train by jumping off before it can speed up too much. The train derails and becomes a terrific wreck. Discovering the now highly unstable bomb on-board, firefighters struggle to put out the fire at the crash site. After realizing that metallic sodium is on the train, the firefighters and NEST teams retreat to evauluate a strategy. In the mean time, all fire fighting aircraft are grounded. The misinterpretation of a radio call to a water bombing helicopter leads it to dump its load of water onto the wreck. Water comes into contact with the metallic sodium, which explodes and in turn causes the nuclear bomb to detonate. The blast causes severe damage throughout Denver and releases an electromagnetic pulse. No cars work, electricity is down and anything with a computer is shut down. After the Blast, Denver lays in ruins, John then attempts to get his family out of Denver before nuclear fallout starts. After finding a working car, John eventully reunites with his family at a refugee camp in Kansas."] ['A group of soldiers led by Maj. Baker  is ordered to investigate a basement level station which they believed was attacked. After Baker contacts his commander, General Slater , they begin to investigate who drove a civilian van into the base. It is revealed to be owned by a scientist named Dr. Bradford Crane . Slater orders two choppers to check for a black mass , and they are sent out of the sky.'] ['{{Plot}} The beginning of the film shows a biker riding through the Seattle area when he realizes that a large earthquake is underway. Meanwhile, Dr. Samantha Hill is awoken by an earthquake. At the Earthquake Center, the magnitude of the earthquake is being recorded. The scene returns to the biker stopped under the Space Needle, a landmark whose legs succumb to elongating cracks. The biker speeds away to escape its collapse, but dust and shadow engulf the biker, his fate unknown. The quake is measured as 7.9 at the Earthquake Center. Dr. Hill goes to the Center, taking command and displacing the dismayed Dr. Jordan Fisher. Another quake occurs, which is initially thought to be an aftershock, but it is larger in magnitude than the original quake. Dr. Hill\'s Hidden Fault Theory is then explained. In a basketball game between President Paul Hollister and Roy Nolan, President Hollister foreshadows that when Nolan is in a desperate position in the game he takes the long shot. The president\'s aide, Sean Morris, enters the gym and informs the president of the situation. At a local hospital Dr. Zach Nolan, Roy Nolan\'s son, and Dr. Owen Hunter are performing surgery. Nolan shortcuts his way through the surgery, risking the patient\'s life but saving him some scar tissue and a pint of blood. Hunter complains about Nolan\'s refusing help. An 8.4 earthquake opens a fault which engulfs an entire train near Redding, California. As a result, Governor Carla Williams, who had just seen her daughter and her ex-husband off on a camping trip, agrees to help the Governor of Washington. Following yet more earthquakes and per the President\'s instructions, Roy Nolan constructs a task force of the best geologists and seismologists. The team includes Dr. Fisher and Dr. Hill. Dr. Hill mentions her Hidden Fault theory, which is received sceptically. When Nolan starts to realize that Hill might be right, she is given permission to prove her theory. She and Dr. Fisher visit a lake, where they see some dead animals with no visible cause of death until Dr. Hill realizes that they have died from carbon monoxide poisoning. The two sprint back to the car to get gas masks, but Dr. Fisher passes out. Hill frantically searches and eventually finds the masks, putting them on both herself and Fisher. Back at the Task Force Center, Dr. Hill predicts that the next quake will be in San Francisco. When she brings the proof and prediction to Nolan, he deems it too risky to evacuate the entirety of San Francisco. However, when San Francisco is destroyed by a 9.2 earthquake, vindicating Dr. Hill, Nolan remorsefully contacts the President, doubtful of his own ability to handle the job. Also in San Francisco were Governor Williams and her assistant Rachel. During the quake, the Golden Gate Bridge collapses completely in a spectacular fashion. At long last Amanda Williams and her father Clark Williams arrive at Browning, where everything is covered in a thick red haze. Clark and Amanda, despite Amanda\'s asthma, emerge from the car and descend into the pit that used to be Browning, curious after they hear country music coming from it. Clark digs until he finds the source of the music: a car with a dead family in it. They drive back, trying to get home, but they get trapped in quicksand. Amanda and her father Clark narrowly escape. Dr. Hill hypothesizes that they could "weld" the fault shut by letting it experience immense heat&nbsp;— the only way she knows how is to do this is by way of nuclear bombs. This is the end of the first half of the series, in which we see what all the characters are doing. At the start of the second half, Nolan and others are preparing to install the first of six nuclear bombs at correct depths to "seal" the fault. The first five go smoothly, but during the installment of the sixth an earthquake occurs, and they lose a warhead. Nolan asks if he can set it manually and the answer is yes. Nolan goes down to do it, but is pinned by the warhead when an aftershock hits. He calls the president to say he failed, and the President urges him to "make the long shot". Nolan replies "Not this time, buddy, not this time". He then calls his son to say that he is sorry for being so distant and that he loves him. Zach Nolan, meanwhile, is at the refugee camp, "Tent City" in Barstow, California. The Williams find a truck carrying survivors, and they are also transported to Tent City. In a wounded San Francisco, Carla Williams and Rachel are trapped under a wall. Rachel admits that she and her husband Jim had a horrible fight. She asks Carla to tell Jim that Rachel loves him and wants to have a family with him. The two women are found a few minutes later. Carla wakes up in a hospital in Nevada and discovers that Rachel has died. Deciding that nothing can be done about the lost sixth warhead, Dr. Hill decides to continue with the fault welding plan and detonate the first five nukes. At the last second, the sixth is activated by Nolan who manages to reach the control panel just in time. Now all six nukes have been detonated and Nolan is incinerated. It seems to work, until Dr. Hill, concerned about southern California, observes a river flowing backwards, draining into the open fault. The last nuke wasn\'t deep enough when it exploded leaving southern California still in danger. Shortly after, a massive earthquake occurs. It climbs higher on the Richter Scale, with Sean Morris narrating events to the president and the audience. Suddenly a massive crack appears at a beach near Venice, runs through Los Angeles, collapses the downtown skyline, destroys the Hollywood sign, and continues inland with the ocean pouring inside. Eventually the crack reaches Tent City and its peak of 10.5. Clark and Amanda run away from the rushing water. Dr. Hill and Dr. Fisher run amid the panic, until a tower falls on Dr. Fisher, injuring his leg. Owen Hunter joins his family and they escape. Zach Nolan rescues a little girl. When Fisher collapses, the crumbing ground stops short of their feet. They stand up to see that the southwestern coast of California has been cut away and a new island was formed. The last scene focuses on what is left of the evacuation centers and zooms out to a view from space in which the California coast and the island are distinctly separated. The movie ends with the president speaking about how this disaster was a wake-up call to the world that humans are not the masters of this planet.'] ["Two months after the exchange of nuclear weapons on earth the spacecraft's guidance system is mysteriously reprogrammed, forcing the crew's return to earth. In order to survive, the crew must escape to the radiation free zones while avoiding cannibal 'terminals' and a military school student turned evil despotic ruler. The spacecraft lands, considerably off-course, on a beach in eastern Canada. Jordan  is knocked unconscious on impact. Walker  exits first and is quickly killed by 'terminals' - humans crazed by disease. Several hours later, in the middle of the night, Howe  ventures out in search of help and a way to escape. He soon encounters Vinny , a survivalist who has fortified his house with barbed wire and booby traps. Vinny effectively saves him from the terminals and makes him his prisoner. As the plot develops, Vinny, JJ  , and Howe are captured and taken in chains to a makeshift fortress built out of junk. They must escape before a malfunctioning nuclear warhead explodes in sixty hours."] ['This film is set in an post-apocalyptic wasteland where few fertile men and women exist due to atomic fallout and, as a result, the government places a high priority on those that can still breed. Shortly before the movie opens, a group of mutant amphibians  capture a group of fertile women and are using them as sex slaves. Sam Hell  is a nomadic traveler who wanders the countryside. He is eventually captured by an organization of warrior-nurses, the closest thing to a government in his region of the world, who reveal that they located him by tracking the trail of pregnant women left in his wake. Their original plan was to use him as breeding stock with their collection of fertile women, but it turns out this is the group captured by the mutants. With their own attempts to capture the women failing, the group presses Hell into service as a mercenary - he is to infiltrate the mutant city  and rescue the women. To make sure that the rebellious Hell follows his orders, he is forced to wear an electronic protective codpiece that will explode if he disobeys or tries to abort his mission. Having already taken numerous samples of reproductive material from him, he is now deemed far more expendable than the women themselves. To aid him in his mission , he is paired with one of the nurses, Spangle , and an aggressive guardswoman named Cendrilla. During their journey to Frogtown, Hell tries numerous times to escape but is quickly shown that the device Spangle carries will shock his genitals if used or if he gets too far away from it. Despite their rocky start and Spangle\'s initial cold demeanor, the pair grow closer during the journey and eventually fall in love. When they reach Frogtown, everyone involved is captured. While the frog "second-in-command" tortures Hell and attempts to remove the codpiece for its technology, a slightly drugged Spangle is forced to work as a slave and dance for the frog commander . Proving more successful than she had wished, the nurse soon finds herself at the mercy of the aroused commander. However, with the codpiece now removed , the escaped Hell rescues her along with the group of fertile women held captive.'] ['The O\'Leary family are travelling to Chicago to start a new life when Patrick O\'Leary tries to race a steam train in his wagon. He is killed when his horses bolt. His wife Molly and their three boys are left to survive on their own. In town she agrees to prove her skills as a laundress when a woman\'s dress is accidentally spattered with mud. She quickly proves herself and builds up a laundry business in an area known as "the Patch". Her sons are educated. One, Jack, becomes a reforming lawyer, but another, Dion, is involved in gambling. While washing a sheet, Mrs O\'Leary discovers a drawing, apparently created by Gil Warren, a devious local businessman. Her sons realise that it reveals that he has a plan to run a tramline along a street that he and his cronies intend to buy up cheaply. Dion becomes enamoured by a feisty saloon-bar singer, Belle, who works for Warren. After a stormy courtship they become lovers. Meanwhile Bob, the youngest O\'Leary son, who helps his mother, is in love with Gretchen, an innocent German girl. They meet in the barn watched by the O\'Leary\'s cow Daisy and plan to marry. Mrs O\'Leary approves of the match, but expresses disdain for the loose-living Belle. Dion and Belle bribe the local politicians to set up a saloon on the street where the tramline will pass. Dion makes a deal to support Warren\'s political career and carve up business in the town. However, Dion\'s dishonest practices lead to conflict with his brother Jack when one of Dion\'s cronies is arrested for multiple voting. Dion later decides to support his brother rather than Warren in the election, convinced he can cut out Warren altogether and reign-in Jack\'s reformist zeal. He is increasingly attracted by the daughter of the corrupt local senator, leading to conflicts with Belle. Bob and Gretchen marry and have a baby. At a Warren election rally a fight breaks out, arranged by Dion. All Warren\'s election workers are arrested. Jack is elected mayor. He soon announces a campaign against corruption, targeting his brother\'s fiefdom in the Patch, which he intends to demolish. Belle and Dion separate when Jack asks her to support him. When he realises Belle might testify against him, Dion asks her to marry him, making her testimony inadmissible. As mayor, Jack marries the couple, but knocks Dion out in a fist fight as soon he realises he has been deceived. Mrs O\'Leary is told about the fight while helping Daisy\'s calf to suckle. In her distress, she leaves a lamp in the barn, and Daisy knocks it over. A fire breaks out. Soon the whole of the Patch is on fire. Dion, Warren and their cronies are convinced that Jack has set the fire. Warren\'s men look for Jack, seeking revenge. Advised by Philip Sheridan, Jack plans to create a firebreak by dynamiting buildings to stop the fire reaching the gasworks, but Warren\'s gang try to stop him. When Dion learns from Bob how the fire really started, he rushes to Jack\'s aid. In the struggle Jack and Dion fight off the gang and set off the dynamite, but Jack is shot by one of Warren\'s thugs and then killed by a falling building. Warren attempts to flee but is trampled to death by stampeding cattle. Dion and Bob help to save Gretchen and the baby, while Belle rescues Mrs O\'Leary. They all manage to escape to the river. Belle and Dion are reconciled, while Mrs O\'Leary predicts that the city will be rebuilt and flourish after her son\'s sacrifice for its future.'] ['{{plot}} In 2056 AD, Earth is in ecologic crisis as a consequence of pollution and overpopulation; wherefore automated interplanetary missions have been seeding Mars with atmosphere-producing algae as the first stage of terraforming the planet. When the oxygen quantity produced by the algae is inexplicably reduced, the crew of Mars-1 investigate; a crew consisting of Quinn Burchenal , an agnostic geneticist, Bud Chantillas , an aging philosophical scientist and surgeon, systems engineer Robby Gallagher , commander Kate Bowman , pilot Ted Santen , and terraforming scientist Chip Pettengill . When Mars 1 is damaged in arrival, Bowman remains aboard for repair while the others land to locate an automated habitat established earlier to manufacture food and oxygen; but their landing craft is damaged and crash-lands far from their landing zone, whereupon they lose track of "AMEE" , a military robot scheduled to guide them, whereas Chantillas suffers a ruptured spleen and is therefore left behind by the others. In orbit around Mars, Bowman contacts Earth, which informs her that Mars-1 is in decaying orbit, but offers hope of restoring engine function in exit therefrom. On Mars, the landing party find the automated habitat destroyed, and expect their own deaths by suffocation. Thereafter Pettengill and Santen wander from the others to explore, later to reach a canyon at which Santen is mistakenly killed, whereupon Pettengill returns to Burchenal and Gallagher. In a desperate last effort to survive, Gallagher opens his astronaut helmet and discovers that Mars\'s atmosphere is thin but breathable. Thereafter AMEE reunites with the crew, and the three astronauts notice the robot is damaged and attempt to reserve power for her guidance device. Perceiving their actions as a threat, AMEE cripples Burchenal and pursues the others. Eventually, Gallagher builds a makeshift radio from parts of the Mars Rover \'Pathfinder\', through which Bowman instructs them to use a Russian probe\'s sample-return system to launch themselves into orbit. During the trip, Bowman tells Gallagher that the probe can hold only two people; whereupon Pettengill flees, taking the radio, only to be killed by AMEE. Pettengill\'s corpse then becomes infested by insect-like creatures identified by Burchenal as "nematodes" and discovered to be flammable. Later, the crew encounter a field of algae, whereat Burchenal reveals that the insects are native Martian life, dormant until the algal growth, which consume the algae and excrete oxygen, and identifies them as a means of terraforming Mars; but is himself attacked when blood drips from an open wound, whereupon Burchenal passes his sample insects to Gallagher and sets himself and his attackers afire. Gallagher having reached the Russian probe, finds sufficient fuel to power the rocket\'s engine, but not enough electrical power to launch the probe; and having caught and disabled AMEE, uses her power-source instead. He is then recovered by Bowman.'] ["NATO operative Jacques Kristoff  is summoned into action—on his birthday, no less—to track down Galina Konstantin , who has stolen an extremely valuable and dangerous top-secret cargo. Finding Galina doesn't take long, and Jacques must wrap up the mission by returning Galina and the contraband to his superiors by train. Jacques's physician wife Madeline  isn't happy about this turn of events, no doubt having invested a small fortune in a Berlitz correspondence course and a year of acting lessons for Jacques's birthday. But she sees him off at the train station with the couple's teenaged daughter Bailey Kristoff  and son Ethan Kristoff . It seems Galina's ill-gotten gain is three vials of SP-43, an ultra-virulent strain of smallpox, cultured in fluorescent green serum. It also seems that a group of terrorists, led by Mason Cole , intend to hijack the train and steal the virus for their own ends. But standing in their way is Jacques. The virus ends up getting loose in the train's ventilation system. Unfortunately, Jacques's family picked this special moment to surprise him for his birthday by tagging along for the ride. Jacques becomes a one-man army as he fights to protect his family and the other passengers, and stop Cole and his followers."] ['Peru, 1774: A bridge has spanned a gorge for a hundred years and more, but it collapses and five people die. Brother Juniper travels to Lima to pay a visit to Uncle Pio, and tells him the story of what led up to the tragedy. A popular actress, Michaela Villegas, was acquainted with twin brothers, Manuel and Esteban. She is asked to wait by Manuel while he is away at sea. A jealous Esteban hides her letters to his brother, while the Viceroy tries to court Michaela, much to the chagrin of the Marquesa. Manuel returns, but a spiteful Viceroy has him placed under arrest. Michaela warns him that he is turning Manuel into a martyr, so the Viceroy pardons him. But on the fateful day, the Viceroy, Marquesa and Esteban end up three of the doomed five on the bridge.'] ['After a series of disturbances caused by instability in the Earth\'s electromagnetic field, geologist Dr. Josh Keyes  and scientists Serge Leveque  and Conrad Zimsky  learn that the Earth\'s molten core has stopped rotating. That means within a year, the Earth\'s electromagnetic field will collapse, irradiating the planet. The three develop a plan with the United States government to bore into the Earth\'s core and plant a series of nuclear charges at precise points to restart the core\'s motion and restore the field. They design a multi-compartment vessel called the Virgil with the help of Ed "Braz" Brazzelton , who has developed a laser capable of quickly boring through rock. Keyes also enlists the help of computer hacker Theodore Donald "Rat" Finch , to keep news of the potential global disaster off the Internet to stem a worldwide panic. The Virgil is piloted by space shuttle Commander Robert Iverson  and Major Rebecca "Beck" Childs . When the team accidentally drills through a geode structure, it drops a considerable distance. When molten lava begins pouring into the hollow from the hole they created, Iverson has to go outside to restart the ship\'s laser before the lava reaches them, making repairs impossible. After he finishes the repairs, a falling crystal shard hits the top of Iverson\'s helmet and pierces his skull, killing him instantly. As Virgil continues, it clips a huge diamond, breaching the hull of the last compartment. Leveque sacrifices himself to save the nuclear launch codes before the compartment is crushed by extreme pressure. Virgil eventually reaches the molten core. The new data they gather there reveals a flaw in the plan. The outer layer core is less dense than anticipated, and the explosions cannot generate the needed power. After some calculations, they decide that by splitting their nuclear weapons into the remaining compartments and jettisoning each at specific distances, they can create a "ripple effect", where the power of each bomb will combine with the power of the next, generating the needed energy wave. However, because Virgil was not designed to jettison undamaged compartments, the plan requires someone to deactivate a safety switch that is in an area exposed to the extreme temperatures. Brazzelton volunteers and deactivates the switch, dying shortly afterwards. Meanwhile on the surface, the public becomes aware of problems after super storms start to cover the world. Finch is unable to stop worldwide panic but instead learns of the top-secret project "DESTINI" , which is to be deployed if the Virgil fails. Finch relays his information to Keyes, who discovers that Zimsky was one of DESTINI\'s lead scientists. DESTINI, according to Zimsky, was designed as a weapon to propagate earthquakes through the Earth\'s core, but it unintentionally stopped its rotation instead. Zimsky reveals the government will use it again to restart the core. Keyes is convinced it will have disastrous results, so he has Finch stall DESTINI while working to setup their detonations. Keyes and Zimsky realize they have miscalculated the necessary yield, but Zimsky gets trapped in a detaching compartment. He reveals that they need to use the ship\'s nuclear fuel rod to achieve sufficient yield, which will save the planet but leave Keyes and Childs without power. Because of the unique properties of the unobtanium shell of the ship, Keyes and Childs are able to use the planet\'s heat to power the command section of the ship, escaping as the nuclear charges successfully restart the core. They break through the crust underwater, leaving them adrift. They believe themselves lost, until Finch finds them by tracking whale songs from a nearby pod circling the vessel. A week after the mission, Finch logs onto a computer at an internet cafe and releases the information about Project DESTINI and Virgil{{\'s}} mission onto the Internet.'] ['Based on true events that occurred 1—12 July 1916 in Central and Southern New Jersey, as recounted in the book of the same name by Richard Fernicola, the film recounts the 12 days during which people along the Jersey coast were subject to attacks by a shark . Initially, the authorities hesitated to take action, and the issue of sacrificing the safety of human beings for the sake of business was raised. After the second attack, modest precautions were taken, and scientific experts and civil authorities published assurances that area beaches had been made safe again. On 12 July a shark was sighted swimming into the freshwater canal of Matawan Creek—one expert who had come to capture the animal speculated that this indicated a bull shark. Children and young adults swimming upstream in the creek were attacked. After the shark was finally captured offshore, an autopsy was performed, and it is said that 15 pounds of human flesh with bones were found in its stomach. In the end, four people had been killed and a fifth badly injured. The remains of one young boy were never recovered. Because a propensity for human flesh is unnatural, scientists are still investigating why this shark did what it did.'] ["The documentary tells the story of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius from the point of view of assorted inhabitants of Pompeii and Herculaneum whose names and occupations are known, including a local politician and his family, a fuller, his wife, and two gladiators. Historical characters included Pliny the Elder and his nephew Pliny the Younger. It draws heavily on the eyewitness account of Pliny the Younger as well as historical research and recent discoveries in volcanology. Extensive CGI was used to recreate the effects of the eruption.  Most of the people who were in Pompeii when the fourth pyroclastic surge hit died instantly or slowly suffocated to death. *The death throes of those in the family of Julius Polybius are based upon the 1975 discovery of the skeleton of a heavily pregnant girl  surrounded by her family, in the actual House of Julius Polybius. Julia's husband, Sabinus is shown to have most likely poisoned himself, and presumably was the skeleton lying near the foot of the bed that Julia's body was found on, with the bones of her fetus found as well. *The death of Stephanus the Fuller is based upon a cast found of a man in the fetal position . *The death of Stephanus's wife, Fortunata, is based upon the discovery of the body of a rich bejeweled lady in the gladiator barracks, alongside those of gladiators. *In Herculaneum, the death throes are much simpler, as most people were found during excavations either on the beach or inside the boat houses. Additionally, unlike Pompeii, when the pyroclastic surges hit Herculaneum, people there were instantly killed whereas most Pompeians slowly suffocated, although some died instantly."] ['In the near future, the moon has been colonized and supports a station on its surface. A lunar shuttle known as Mayflower One is being rushed to launch from Houston. The head of the ground crew, The Sarge , does not like what is occurring, but he defers to the airline\'s management. On the flight crew are Captain Clarence Oveur , First Officer Dunn  and Navigator Dave Unger . Also on-board is computer officer Elaine Dickinson , who was a flight attendant in the first movie. Elaine has long since left Ted Striker  and is now engaged to one of the flight crew, Simon Kurtz . Striker has in the meantime been committed to an insane asylum, as he was declared mentally incompetent in a lawsuit following a test flight that Ted piloted and in which the lunar shuttle crashed. Striker believes that the lawsuit was used to silence him, because he knew there were problems with the lunar shuttle that made it unsafe, and he is once more haunted by his actions in "The War", specifically the events that took place over "Macho Grande", where he lost his entire squadron. When Striker reads of the upcoming Lunar Shuttle launch, he escapes the asylum and buys a ticket for the flight. During the flight, Mayflower One suffers a short circuit, causing the artificially intelligent computer ROC to go insane and send the ship toward the sun. Unger and Dunn try to deactivate the computer, but are blown out of an airlock. Oveur tries to stop ROC, but the computer gasses him. Kurtz abandons Elaine and leaves in the only escape pod. Once again Striker is called upon to save the day, but first he has to figure out how to make the computer relinquish control. Steven McCroskey , the air traffic controller, reveals that a passenger named Joe Seluchi  had boarded Mayflower One with a bomb in a briefcase, intending to commit suicide so that his wife can collect on insurance money. Striker manages to wrestle the bomb from Seluchi and uses it to blow up ROC and set course for the moon as originally intended. Using the bomb to destroy the computer causes collateral damage to the shuttle, meaning the flight is not out of danger yet. On the way to the Moon, control of the flight is shifted to a lunar base, commanded by Cmdr. Buck Murdock . He has a high level of contempt for Striker because of Macho Grande, but agrees to help anyway. They manage to land the craft on the moon. Ted and Elaine fall back in love and are married at the end. After the wedding, Seluchi looks into the cockpit and asks for his briefcase back. A post credits scene shows a screen that says "From Paramount Pictures: "Airplane III"". Murdock is then seen saying "That\'s exactly what they\'ll be expecting us to do!"'] ["Submersible pilot Toshio Onodera wakes up pinned inside his car in Numazu after an earthquake wreaks havoc in the city and nearby Suruga Bay. As aftershock triggers an explosion, a rescue helicopter led by Reiko Abe saves him and a young girl named Misaki. In Tokyo, geologists around the world become concerned about Japan; one predicts that the country will sink within 40 years. Japanese geoscientist Yusuke Tadokoro doubts the prediction and analyzes rocks in Kyushu, Hokkaido, and Mangaia in the Cook Islands, where he hypothesizes that the rock came from the ancient continent of Japan after it split from Pangaea thousands of years ago. Tadokoro realizes Japan will sink in 338.54 days instead of the original 40-year estimate. Tadokoro reports his theory to the Cabinet, recommending immediate action, but none of the ministers are convinced. He is ejected from the chamber, but not before he angrily explains to everyone how Japan will sink, with the destruction of the Fossa Magna and the eruption of Mt Fuji as the climax. The next day, Prime Minister Yamamoto goes to China to try arranging a resettlement for Japanese refugees and appoints a close colleague, Saori Takamori, as disaster management minister. Tadokoro's predictions come to light: in Hokkaido, the Daisetsuzan volcano range bursts along with Mount Aso. The eruption destroys Yamamoto's plane while Kumamoto City's residents flee in terror. Takamori panics when she finds out about the prime minister's death. Earthquakes and volcanic eruptions rock southwest Japan, affecting a large-scale evacuation now under way. As the economy collapses, the government declares a state of emergency but de facto Prime Minister Kyosuke Nozaki announces that Japan will take five years to sink. Because of Nozaki's indifference to the situation, Takamori runs to Tadokoro's laboratory, where he proposes using experimental N2 explosives drilled into the crust to separate the land from the megalith pulling it down. The minister, who is actually Tadokoro's ex-wife, calls for help from drillships around the world. Misaki, Reiko's family and the rest of Tokyo's populace is evacuated. Onodera confesses his true feelings for Reiko and wants her to go to England with him. An aftershock finally destroys the Kinki region and the Tokyo evacuees are nearly killed by a massive landslide, with people falling into the valley below as Misaki is rescued by Reiko's family and they witness a crowded bridge collapse. Yuki Tatsuya, Onodera's fellow submersible pilot, dies in an attempt to activate the warheads from a central module. Onodera takes his place using an old submersible brought out of museum storage and spends a night with Reiko before the operation. Although he locates the detonation module, a sudden landslide damages his submersible to the point that it is running on emergency power. Onodera uses all the remaining power to move into position and install the detonator. Mount Fuji begins to erupt. Toshio succeeds in his task and calmly awaits his doom. The warheads explode, creating a chain of explosions along the seafloor, saving Japan. The success of the mission reaches Takamori aboard the amphibious carrier Shimokita, which has been converted as the Japanese government's temporary headquarters. Although she recommends that Nozaki address the refugees, her colleagues want her to do it instead, given her leadership during the crisis. She announces that people can finally return and holds a moment of silence in honor of Tatsuya and Onodera's sacrifice. In Fukushima Prefecture, Toshio's mother, who wanted to remain at her house until the end, is overjoyed when she sees birds return- a sign of his success. Reiko rescues her family as they look towards a bright sunrise, before the credits start rolling, showing a new Japan."] ['The story attempts to base events around the 1883 eruption of the volcano on the island of Krakatoa. The characters are engaged in the recovery of a cargo of pearls from a shipwreck perilously close to the volcano.'] ['The revised story begins at a hastily established emergency hospital in an evidently devastated Tokyo, to which is brought American reporter Steve Martin , one of the wounded. In flashback, Martin tells of his stopover in Tokyo on a routine assignment to Cairo for United World News, where he finds himself confronted by the emergence of an inexplicable menace to navigation in the Sea of Japan. Something is causing ships to be destroyed without warning and sink with no time for escape. When a dying seaman finally washes up on an inhabited island, Martin flies there for the story with Tomo Iwanaga, a representative of the Japanese security forces , and learns of the island inhabitants\' belief in a monster god which lives beneath the sea, which they believe is causing the disasters . Martin phones his editor at United World News, George Lawrence  and is given permission to stay and cover the story. Martin\'s involvement in the unfolding events broadens when paleontologist Dr. Yamane , is consulted and, returning to the island with his daughter Emiko  and her young naval-officer boyfriend Ogata  to investigate, sees the monster when it attacks the island village. Returning to Tokyo with clear evidence of the monster\'s existence and power, Yamane becomes a leading consultant to Japan in mounting a defense, as it becomes apparent the monster is going to attack Tokyo. The Japanese navy is unable to faze the monster with depth charges. In the dark of night, the monster attacks Tokyo, and it proves invulnerable to conventional military weaponry no matter how concentrated. Martin is one of millions injured in the attack, and here the flashback ends: Godzilla  has returned to the sea, but it is certain this is only for the moment. Emiko reveals she may know a solution to the monster\'s apparent indestructibility. She loves the young naval officer, but had until recently been engaged to a young scientist Dr. Serizawa , who was also Steve Martin\'s friend in college. She has lost interest in him because he has become almost a recluse, to her and others. After her breaking up with him, he revealed to her the reason for his reclusiveness — over the course of his research, he had accidentally developed a formula capable of destroying all oxygen in water, in the process of which any animal coming in contact with the "oxygen destroyer" is stripped clean of all flesh and organs, reduced to a skeleton. His anguish over what to do with this discovery has become a constant preoccupation. She had agreed to keep her knowledge of this a secret. But with Godzilla loose, she realizes this may be the only thing capable of stopping the monster, and informs her boyfriend and father. The scientist is only reluctantly persuaded to use his remaining sample of the oxygen destroyer to try to kill Godzilla, provided he accompanies the young officer, in a diving suit, to the sea bottom to place and release the formula more or less at the monster\'s feet. After concluding this agreement, the scientist destroys all his notes and papers on the formula. Emiko, upon seeing this, breaks down in tears, as she realizes that Serizawa is sacrificing his life\'s work to stop Godzilla. Once on the bottom of the sea, he sends the young officer back up to the boat, releases the destroyer, and cuts his own oxygen hose and lifeline, to ensure no one else will ever know the chemical composition of his horrid formula. The young officer joins Dr. Yamane, Emiko and Steve Martin on the ship to watch as the oxygen destroyer does its work, reducing Godzilla to a skeleton. Afterwards, Martin\'s last words were, "The menace was gone, so was a great man. But the whole world could wake up and live again."'] ["An aging, respected commander Paul Blanchard, played by Charlton Heston, is on his final submarine tour before promotion to command of a submarine squadron . Surfaced and returning to port, the submarine USS Neptune, is struck by a freighter in heavy fog, and sinks to a depth of 1,450 feet  on a canyon ledge above the ocean floor. A United States Navy rescue force, commanded by Captain Bennett , arrives on the scene, but Neptune is subsequently rolled by a landslide to a greater angle that does not allow the Navy's Deep Submergence Rescue Vehicle  rescue submarine to complete its work. A small experimental submersible, Snark, is brought in to assist with the rescue. Snark is very capable, but run by a nonconformist U.S. Navy officer misfit, Captain Gates . The tiny submersible is the only hope for a rescue. Ronny Cox plays Neptune{{'}}s executive officer, scheduled to take over command from Charlton Heston{{'}}s character; Ned Beatty plays Snark's second crewman; and Christopher Reeve appears in his first film role in a bit part that a sharp-eyed viewer might notice. In the opening credits, footage of the real-life submarine {{USS}}, filmed specifically for Gray Lady Down, depicts the fictional USS Neptune. Gray Lady Down also re-used submarine special-effect footage and the large-scale submarine model originally used to portray the fictional submarine USS Tigerfish in the 1968 movie Ice Station Zebra to depict USS Neptune."] ["The film focuses on the Orinoco River in Venezuela, where a strain of genetically modified piranha have escaped into an isolated tributary of the river. Through human interference of the local environment, the megapiranha manage to escape from their isolated spot and swim downstream, killing all that crosses their path. The megapiranha gradually make their way towards Florida at the height of the tourist season.Mega Piranha at The Asylum After the outbreak, a team including Special Agent Fitch and Sarah Monroe, work to contain the megapiranhas within Venezuela. They begin to get into trouble with the authorities when they attempt to cross over the Venezuelan border. Not having proper clearance and documentation, Special Agent Fitch resorts to using the diplomacy of his fist and drives off. He is pursued by Colonel Antonio Diaz in a high-speed chase through the jungle. Throughout the chase, Fitch alternates driving a Toyota Camry and Hyundai Elantra while Diaz is seen at different points in a GMC Jimmy, Chevrolet Suburban, Suzuki XL7, and Ford Explorer. Fitch escapes by stealing a helicopter and heads to the International Super Bunker . During the journey, the helicopter runs out of fuel and Sarah Monroe rigs the emergency oxygen tank to the fuel line to make it to the ISB safely. The megapiranhas continue to move north, consuming two battleships and a nuclear submarine. They eventually reach south Florida, where they kill at least five Puerto Ricans on a beach and manage to blow up two hotels. Meanwhile, the only force that can stop them is located at the ISB. After the megapiranhas prove impervious to both torpedoes and depth charges—and even a nuclear missile fails to stop them—Special Agent Fitch and Professor Sarah Monroe conclude that the only way to stop the megapiranhas is to face them in their own terrain: underwater. An army of SCUBA divers armed with guns would make the huge fish bleed, causing them to enter a feeding frenzy and kill each other. If this were to fail, then a massive nuclear strike would be used to destroy the megapiranha, as well as most of Florida. In the middle of the operation, Colonel Diaz arrives in a helicopter, presumably using multiple oxygen tanks to fuel his journey. The Colonel aims to get revenge on Agent Fitch and throws a rope into the water to trick him into climbing up into the enemy helicopter. Fitch, upon his arrival, shoots the pilot in the mouth with a flare gun, which causes the pilot's head to explode. Fitch then uses a homing beacon  to attract a megapiranha, jumping out of the helicopter shortly before it is consumed by the fishy behemoth. Fitch is pursued by the megapiranha that ate the helicopter, eventually hiding in a reef where the megapiranha is unable to follow. When the piranha opens its mouth, Fitch shoots his gun at the helicopter still in the beast's jaws. The helicopter explodes, killing the piranha. The other megapiranha converge on the bloodshed and Fitch is able to escape as the piranha enters a feeding frenzy and begin tearing each other to pieces, seemingly resulting in them wiping themselves out. Sarah and Fitch make out and all is well."] ['The film is set in the fictional town of Dante\'s Peak, Washington, located in the northern Cascade Mountains, but was actually filmed in and around Wallace, Idaho. The film is somewhat based on the real-life eruptions of Mount St. Helens in 1980 and Mount Pinatubo in 1991. The film is noted to have put emphasis on trying to accurately depict a volcanic eruption.{{cite web}} The film begins with the volcanic eruption of an unnamed volcano in Colombia  where volcanologist Dr. Harry Dalton  attempts to evacuate with his fiancée Marianne. As they begin heading out of the town, large pieces of volcanic rocks begin to crash onto the small town, one of which penetrates the vehicle and kills Marianne. Four years later, Harry is called in from vacation by his boss to investigate activity going on in the Northern Cascades region near the town of Dante\'s Peak. Meanwhile, a couple of backpackers went to the hot spring. A few minutes later, a small amount of volcanic activity had turned the hot spring sulfric, thus slowly chewing away and boiling the couple. At Dante\'s Peak, the town is receiving an award for being "The second most desirable place to live in the United States, population under 20,000" and celebrating its annual "Pioneer Days Festival". Harry meets with the town\'s mayor, Rachel Wando , who accompanies him with her two children, Graham  and Lauren , up to the mountain\'s "high lake"  to check the acidity in the water. After checking the acidity and picking up the mayor\'s ex-mother in law, Ruth , the five of them head to the town\'s hot springs where they discover the bodies of two dead backpackers, seared by the volcanic activity under the hot springs. Just before discovering the bodies, Graham attempts to make a dive into the springs since the they were hidden by steam, but in the nick of time Harry catches him and Lauren screams, thus revealing the bodies. After evaluating the situation, Dalton calls a town meeting to discuss the option of putting the town on alert. As this occurs, Dalton\'s boss, Dr. Paul Dreyfus  shows up to evaluate the mountain and goes against Dalton\'s decision for putting the town on alert based on an economically devastating decision made in 1980 when he put the towns around Mammoth Mountain on alert without the mountain blowing. Despite feeling strongly opposed to the decision, and being asked to leave, Dalton remains in the town to help Dreyfus and his USGS crew Greg, Terry, Nancy, and Stan  evaluate the possible eruption of the mountain. Initially, tests show no sign that the mountain will erupt, and after a week the crew begins to think about leaving the town. Over the same period, Dalton forms a bond with the mayor and her children, turning romantic as the plot progresses. After the town\'s water supply becomes sulfuric due to the acidity of the mountain breaching the town\'s springs, Dalton and Dreyfus then decide to put the town on alert and call for an evacuation. Mayor Wando attempts to get her ex-mother-in-law to come down but she refuses, preferring instead to stay at the bed and breakfast she and her husband built higher up in the mountain. During the town meeting alerting the citizens to evacuate, the mountain begins to erupt, causing a stampede and a rush for the town\'s citizens to evacuate. Earthquakes cause the town and town\'s main highway to collapse and traffic jams clog the only other route out of town, causing chaos as citizens rush to escape. Meanwhile, the mayor\'s children steal her car and drive it up the mountain to their grandmother\'s cabin in hopes of getting her to come down with them. When Dalton and Wando try to reach the children, they discover them to have left for the summit to bring down their grandmother. As the eruption continues, the USGS crew prepares to depart the town and both Dalton and Wando head up the mountain after the children, only to find the grandmother still refusing to leave her home. Meanwhile, the grandmother\'s dog has run out of the house and into the woods. Down in the town, the mountain has expelled large amounts of ash and most residents have been killed or have escaped. The National Guard shows up to aid in the evacuation as news crews begin to set up camp at a safe distance to cover the mountain\'s eruption. Up the mountain, Dalton and Wando reach the bed and breakfast but don\'t initially find the children or their grandmother; after a few minutes of frantic searching they find them outside nearby, looking for the dog, and all make their way into the house where Ruth tells them to leave her alone and go back to the town. As they argue for her to come with them, a lava flow engulfs all three cars and parts of the house. The five of them flee to the nearby lake and take a metal boat across the river, leaving the dog, which was not found, behind. As they trek across, they realize that the lake has been turned to sulfuric acid and is eating through the metal boat. To keep the kids from panicking, Harry begins to sing, hoping that the boat will make it across, but as they near the other end of the lake, the boat\'s motor fails, the propeller blades were eaten by the acid. Before it reaches the shore, the boat begins to sink and Ruth jumps off to pull it along to the pier before it sinks, though doing so causes her to suffer injuries from the lake\'s acidity. She wades through the acidic water screaming, but dragging the boat along to try and save the rest of them. After evaluating her injuries, the five of them continue down the mountain with Dalton carrying Ruth on his back. Back in the town, the USGS crew, the last ones left in the town, are evacuated by the military, but a lahar  causes the small bridge to begin to break apart as they reach it. Both military vehicles, carrying the majority of people in the party, make it across, but the one USGS vehicle, driven by Dreyfus, does not make it and Dreyfus is tragically killed as the bridge is washed away. Up the mountain, Ruth asks to be put down and after a talk with the children, she dies and her body is left there as the other four continue down the mountain. At a ranger station, they hotwire a truck and use it to continue down the mountain. While doing so, they encounter a lava flow that has blocked the route; the lava has mostly cooled on top but parts of it are still visibly simmering. As they manage to cross, they encounter and rescue the grandmother\'s dog who evidently circled the lake in the woods but became trapped on a rock surrounded by the lava flow. Continuing down to the town, they discover the washed-out bridge. Realizing that they have no other means of leaving the town, Dalton heads back to the USGS makeshift operations center and picks up a tracking device from NASA that had been showcased in an earlier segment and notices that computers are signaling that the mountain is about to blow completely. Heading back to the truck he begins to head towards the town\'s mines as the mountain blows up and a giant pyroclastic cloud engulfs the town. The truck makes it safely into the mine; the town is destroyed, to the USGS crew\'s dismay, as they believe Harry has been killed. Inside the mine, Graham leads the way, as most of the abandoned mines serve as a hideout for him and his friends, and shows the survivors all of his supplies. Remembering that he left the GTD in the truck, Harry leaves to activate it. Harry reaches the truck, but there is a cave-in and Harry is injured and trapped inside the truck. The situation keeps getting worse as Harry\'s arm is broken by falling rocks and he has to reach the tracking device without causing a fatal cave-in. Eventually he reaches it and activates it. The device flashes for "one or two days" before the four are rescued from the mine. After being rescued from the mine by a huge team, Harry meets the rest of his crew who tell him that Dreyfus didn\'t make it and that "he got to see the show". Wando and her children are escorted out of the mine followed by applause from the rescue team for their survival. On board a helicopter, Graham asks Harry if he really meant what he said in the mine about taking the family fishing and Harry confirms it with the words, "Sure did. " He and Rachel clasp hands and kiss and Harry tells the helicopter pilot that they are ready to go. As the helicopter flies into the distance over the ruins of Dante\'s Peak, the camera turns to the volcano, and the tense theme music suggests that it may erupt again at some point in the future.'] ['An asteroid much larger than that which caused the Chicxulub Crater is attacked by a ten-megaton nuclear warhead minutes before its collision with Earth, breaking it into three pieces, the largest of which bounces off the Earth\'s atmosphere. This "substantially changes the Earth\'s orbit", due to the amount of energy released by the asteroid piece  bouncing off the atmosphere resulting in a predicted increase in temperature to 151 Fahrenheit within five days. Authorities decide to inform the public of the problem after two days, touching off a wave of looting and attacks by gangs of police officers and criminals. One family gets together, hotwires a refrigerated truck, and heads for an airport where they plan to meet with a plane taking them to a remote Arctic outpost. Several gun battles ensue, until the disaster ends in a sudden rain as the Earth "finds its natural balance" with the gravity of the other planets as they manage to pull it back to its correct orbit.'] ['The film follows two stories, one about the civilians trying to stay alive during the disaster, having to battle both "the crazies" as well as U.S. soldiers ordered to shoot on sight. The other involves the political and military leaders trying to contain the epidemic. Set in the small town of Evans City, Pennsylvania, the central characters are firefighter David , his girlfriend, nurse Judy and firefighter Clank . David was a Green Beret and Clank an infantryman, both having served in Vietnam. The town has seen a number of violent events, including arson at a local farm by a demented farmer. Judy and David are very concerned, since Judy is pregnant. Meanwhile, heavily armed U.S. troops in NBC suits and gas masks, arrive in town, led by Major Ryder , who takes over the doctor\'s office where Judy works. An Army plane carrying an untested bioweapon crash-landed in the hills near the town, infecting the water supply with a virus code-named "Trixie," causing victims to either die or become homicidal. "Trixie" is highly contagious, with anyone drinking from the Evans City reservoir becoming affected. In Washington D.C., government officials order Colonel Peckem  to go to Evans City to help contain the virus, while scientist Dr. Watts , arrives to develop a cure before the virus spreads. Officials also deploy bombers armed with nuclear weapons, to destroy the town, if necessary. Mayhem begins when the Army quarantines the town, shooting anyone attempting to escape. The soldiers move the townspeople into the high school, and chaos happens when the sheriff  is shot with his own pistol. While the townspeople are being rousted from their homes, a soldier encounters a quiet elderly woman. He kindly urges the woman to come with him but she stabs him with her knitting needle. by now nearly all of the villagers are infected. A group of soldiers are killed by a mob armed with guns and dynamite, after which an infected woman happily sweeps the blood soaked grass. The local priest  is infected. Upset at soldiers rousting his flock, he douses himself with gasoline and sets himself on fire. David, Judy, Clank, teenager Kathy Fulton , her father Artie  and an elderly man are confined to a large van by the soldiers. The van is attacked by infected people and the soldiers try to fight them off, killing both the soldiers and diseased people. The old man wanders off, muttering about the price of gasoline before being captured by more soldiers. Clank and David commandeer the van and the remaining five try to find a way to escape, going to the country club to hide and plan. Mad from the virus, Artie has sex with his deranged daughter Kathy, believing her to be his late wife. Discovering the pair, Clank beats Artie, who then apparently hangs himself. A shaken Kathy wanders outside, to be shot by soldiers. Believing himself to be infected, Clank kills several soldiers before being shot in the head. Judy, now visibly infected, is killed by armed civilians, despite David\'s efforts to save her. One of the civilians recognizes David clearly identifies himself as a fellow firefighter, also uninfected and trying to escape. Angry and frightened, David surrenders to the military. He realizes that he is immune to the virus, but keeps it a secret. The soldiers isolate Dr. Watts in the high school  allowing him to use the simple chemistry lab. Watts\' insists that he might find a cure in a proper laboratory, but he is threatened with brute force. When the doctor finally develops a possible cure, he is mistaken for one of the infected and forced into quarantine by soldiers. The camera lingers over the doctor\'s face, leaving open the question of whether he has truly found a possible cure or is exhibiting the first signs of infection. The test tubes containing the vaccine are shattered after the doctor is pushed down a flight of stairs by a stampede of "Crazies." The last scene shows Colonel Peckem being ordered to relocate to another infected city. He boards a helicopter, looking with sadness at the chaos of the city below.'] ['An enigmatic swordsman named Nomad , wanders through the remains of a post-World War III world. He travels the desert, in search of his mentor\'s killer, the assassin Sho . The war itself is never described, but there are hints that a new government rose soon afterwards. Nomad had a position of privilege as a soldier and as part of the elite guard assigned with protecting the upper heads of the new government. Since firearms are no longer available, edged weapons have been revived as the standard fighting tools. The elite guard mastered the use of swords and carried them in an unusual, upright fashion. Eventually, the post-war government collapsed as well and Nomad retired to run a farm with his family. Nomad runs into a group of settlers in the town of Meridian. Damnil , a local landowner, and his gang are attacking the town to gain a monopoly on the local water supply. Nomad stays at a local farm owned by Kasha  who is Nomad\'s love interest . Nomad teams up with Kasha\'s foreman Tark to become Meridian\'s "peacekeepers" to defend the town against Damnil and his forces, as well as giving him the opportunity to revenge his mentor\'s death at the hands of Sho.'] ["The film begins with a group of hooded people in caribou parkas riding through snow on snowmobiles. Arriving at a nearly buried building, inside they find a video recorded journal of a man who appears to be dying. The man in the video reports that the Yellowstone Caldera eruption has affected nearly everything in the United States, burying much of the country under several feet of volcanic ash. The film then goes back to five years before the incident, where tourists are seen viewing Old Faithful and exploring the hydrovolcanic features of the Yellowstone National Park. Inside the visitor's center, the same man from the video journal, Rick Lieberman, a USGS scientist in charge of the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory , is seen presenting to a crowd on Yellowstone's seismic activity. He states during the presentation, using a fictional holographic projector known as Virgil, that Yellowstone is on the verge of an eruption, though neither major nor hazardous. Later throughout the film, more and more signs of seismic activity occur, all pointing towards the imminent eruption of Yellowstone , though Rick and most of his colleagues try not to cause public panic by saying that these seismic activities do not necessarily indicate an imminent volcanic eruption. However, when Jock Galvin's sarcastic mockery of the situation sparks constant media speculation, it raises public alarm, helped in part by a woman from CNN constantly pressing Rick to confirm the eruption for her reports, and by Rick Lieberman's brother-in-law, who is selling a book on supervolcanoes called 'Super Bangs'. As seismic activity increases, a leaked government news report acknowledging a possible eruption causes widespread panic. Rick's team is caught by surprise while researching at the USGS field office next to Yellowstone when the volcano violently erupts, spewing tonnes of rock and pyroclastic material into the sky. Two of his colleagues, Nancy and Matt, are killed as a result of attempting to outrun the pyroclastic flow, and only an injured Jock survives the eruption, escaping via helicopter. Rick and his brother-in-law are flying back from a conference when their plane flies through the ash cloud, flaming-out the engines and are forced to do a dead stick landing in Cheyenne, Wyoming. When the ash starts raining down on them on the ground, they take shelter in a nearby U.S. airbase.  Tension begins to rise at the Federal Emergency Management Agency  as more and more vents open above the underlying magma chamber throughout the eruption. On Day Three the ash destroys the second Y.V.O. base in Bozeman, killing another colleague, Dave. People are literally being drowned in the volcanic ash and the death toll rises to hundreds of thousands. Slowly, thermal images begin to reveal a contour of the new caldera produced by the vents and authorities begin to realise the seriousness of this problem. Very soon, the authorities become desperate, trying to find a way to save the trapped Americans in the central and western half of the country. At FEMA, Jock raises tension by saying that even after 2,500 cubic km of magma had come out, that it could still go on because Yellowstone has a maximum capacity of 25,000 cubic kilometers, ten times the amount already ejected. And Rick, while in contact with F.E.M.A., mentions that the entire volcanic system could completely rupture after the collapse. Luckily, things take a better turn just as all hope is nearly lost: after 1 week of eruption the crust above the magma chamber collapses, as a result of -and therefore indicating- the decrease in pressure within the magma chamber. The crust collapse seals the chamber, and a titanic blast is prevented. As it turns out, the film ends with three-quarters of the United States covered in nearly one centimeter of volcanic ash on average as a looming cloud of sulphur dioxide gets carried over the globe, engulfing the northern hemisphere of Earth, and as a result, plunging it into a volcanic winter. The film ends the same way it started, only this time, the man is revealed to be Rick, shown with his brother-in-law and a USAF Airman. He later flies in a helicopter back to Yellowstone to see what has happened to the volcano that he has been studying all his life. What he sees is a frozen landscape resembling Antarctica, where no vegetation or animals are visible; but he optimistically says that although it is the ending of much life, life would also begin as a result of this event. Finally, the last scene shows the camera panning out from the area where Yellowstone erupted in a series of satellite images, eventually showing the North American continent now a tundra, and the cataclysmically large resulting landform caldera relative to the size of Wyoming."] ["An international consortium of scientists, operating as Project Inner Space in Tanganyika, Africa, is trying to tap into the Earth's geothermal energy by drilling a very deep hole down to the Earth's core. The scientists are foiled by an extremely dense layer of material at the boundary between the two. To penetrate the barrier and reach the magma below, they intend to detonate an atomic device at the bottom of the hole. The leader of the project, Dr. Stephen Sorenson , who is  dying of cancer, believes that the atomic device will burn its way through the barrier, but the project's chief geologist, Dr. Ted Rampion , is convinced that the lower layers of the crust have been weakened by decades of underground nuclear tests, and that the detonation could produce a massive crack that would threaten the very existence of Earth. The atomic device is used and Rampion's fears prove justified, as the crust of the Earth develops an enormous crack that progresses rapidly. Sorenson discovers that there was a huge reservoir of hydrogen underground, which turned the small conventional atomic explosion into a huge thermonuclear one that was millions of times more powerful. Another atomic device is used in the hope of stopping the crack, but it only reverses the crack's direction. Eventually the crack returns to its starting point at the test site, and a huge chunk of the planet outlined by the crack is expected to be thrown out into space. Sorenson remains at the underground control center to record the event despite pleas by his wife Maggie to evacuate with the rest of the project staff. She and Rampion barely escape in time to observe the fiery birth of a second moon. Its release stops the crack from further splitting the Earth."] ['A mutated bird flu virus spreads across the world. As panic spreads, the governor of Virginia quarantines neighborhoods where cases have cropped up, and federal officials confess they have no vaccine and scant supplies of antiviral drugs. Major socioeconomic disruption sets in, with shortages of food and medical supplies, power outages, and riots in the streets of New York. A second civil war even erupts in the United States. Eventually, the pandemic begins to subside. But in the final scene, the discovery that an entire Angolan village was wiped out by a new mutation of the virus and a second wave of cases will begin causes further panic.CIDRAP'] ["During the war, six members of pilot Ted Stryker's squadron are killed due to a command decision made by him. Years later, in civilian life in Canada, a guilt-stricken Stryker goes through many jobs and his marriage is in trouble. Stryker finds a note at home and rushes to the airport to board a commercial flight. His wife Ellen is on board with young son Joey, leaving him for good. He asks for one last chance, but Ellen explains that she no longer can love a man she does not respect. The flight is routine until stewardess Janet Turner begins the meal service. Meat or fish is the option, but when a number of passengers begin feeling sick, a doctor aboard determines that there must have been something toxic in the fish. While attending to others, including Stryker's son, the stewardess and doctor discover that both the pilot and co-pilot have also become seriously ill. No one is left to fly the plane. Stryker is the only one with experience, but he has not flown for 10 years and has no familiarity with aircraft of this size. Due to dense fog on the ground obscuring the runway, Flight 714 must bypass Calgary and continue on toward Vancouver before it can land. Stryker's superior in the war, Captain Treleaven, is summoned to instruct him how to land the plane. Ellen joins her husband in the cockpit to handle the radio. Ordered to remain airborne, Stryker makes another command decision to bring the airliner down because passengers will die if they do not get to a hospital soon. The plot line served as a basis for the plot line in the 1980 parody film Airplane!."] ['In the time of Jesus Christ, blacksmith Marcus  is content with his life, beautiful wife Julia  and six-month-old son. However, when Julia and their child are run down by a chariot in the streets of Pompeii, Marcus spends the little money he has to pay for a doctor and medicine. Needing more, in desperation, he becomes a gladiator. He wins his fight, but in vain; his wife and child die. Blaming his poverty, he becomes an embittered professional gladiator and grows wealthier with each victory. In one match, he kills his opponent, only to discover he has orphaned a young boy named Flavius . Full of remorse, he adopts the boy and purchases a slave, Leaster , to tutor him. However, the added responsibility makes him too cautious in the arena, and he is defeated and injured. The injury ends his second career. When Cleon , a slave dealer, offers him a job, Marcus is at first contemptuous, but eventually takes it. He raids an African village for slaves, before turning to trading instead. One day, Marcus rescues a fortune teller, who foretells that Flavius will be saved by the greatest man in Judea. Marcus and Flavius travel to Jerusalem to see the man that Marcus thinks fits that description: Pontius Pilate , the governor of Judea. At an inn along the way, a man tells him that the greatest man is staying in the stable , but Marcus does not believe him. On learning that Marcus was once a great gladiator, Pilate employs him secretly to lead a band of cutthroats to raid the chief of the Ammonites, who has been causing him problems. Marcus comes away with many fine horses and much treasure, but when he goes to see his son, he finds that Flavius has been thrown from a horse and is near death. With no doctors around, Marcus takes the boy to a noted healer; Christ saves Flavius\'s life. When Marcus later reports back to Pilate with his share of the treasure, Pilate has sentenced Christ to death. The remorseful  Pilate is consumed with guilt over his condemnation of an innocent man. Marcus leaves the city quickly, but as his party is departing, one of the apostles recognizes him and begs him to rescue Jesus, carrying his cross through the streets, but Marcus refuses. As Marcus and Flavius get outside Jerusalem, they see three crosses on Calvary behind them. Years pass. Marcus has grown wealthy as the head of the arena in Pompeii. Flavius (played as an adult by [[John Wood  is now a young man . One day, Marcus welcomes Pontius Pilate as a guest to his lavish home. When Flavius mentions memories from his early childhood of a man speaking about love and compassion, Marcus assures him  that there was no such person. Pilate answers, "Don\'t lie to him, Marcus. There was such a man." Flavius asks, "What happened to him?", and the remorseful Pilate answers, "I crucified him." It is then that the memory of the three "crosses on the hill" comes flooding back to Flavius. Unbeknownst to Marcus, Flavius has been secretly helping slaves escape from certain death in his father\'s arena. However, he is arrested with a group of the runaways and sentenced to die. When he discovers what has happened, Marcus tries to free Flavius, but in vain. Flavius is herded into the arena with the others, but as the fighting begins, Mount Vesuvius erupts. As Marcus wanders stunned through the streets with the panic-stricken populace, he sees the jailer who refused to release Flavius trying to free his own son from the rubble. The dying man asks Marcus for mercy for his son. Marcus angrily refuses, but then remembers asking Jesus for mercy for Flavius and rescues the boy. Marcus sees his faithful servant Burbix  leading a group of slaves carrying his treasure on litters. He orders the litters be used to rescue the injured instead. As they get to a ship, Marcus sees that one of those saved is Flavius and offers a prayer of thanksgiving. The prefect and his men try to get through the gate to take the ship for themselves. Marcus holds the gate shut, giving the boat enough time to get away at the cost of his life. He has a vision of Christ reaching out to him just before he dies.'] ['{{Plot}} At a young age, Flint Lockwood has always wanted to invent something interesting; however, his inventions malfunctioned, such as the Remote Control Television, Hair Un-Balder, The Flying Car, Rat-bird hybrids, and a Spray-On formula  that have permanently trapped his feet in a solid sealant. He grew up misunderstood by his father, Tim . His mother, Fran , always believed he could succeed, however, she died almost 10 years before the story, leaving Flint with his father. They live in Swallow Falls, a town located on an island under the "A" in "Atlantic" as printed on a map. Since the Baby Brent Sardine cannery closed down, the economy fell and left Swallow Falls with sardines as their one and only source of food. About a decade later, Flint , along with the assistance of his pet monkey, Steve , who speaks through a thought translator , invents a machine that uses microwave radiation to mutate water into food, called the FLDSMDFR. The machine requires a lot of electricity to work, so Flint sneaks out of his father\'s fishing tackle shop while he is watching Mayor Shelbourne  and "Baby" Brent McHale  unveiling a new tourist attraction, Sardine Land. Flint is stopped by police officer Earl Devereaux , but gets away. Flint then goes to the power plant and hooks up the machine. The machine absorbs millions of megawatts of electricity and ends up rocketing through town and shooting up into the stratosphere, destroying Sardine Land. Flint, a failure, runs away and goes under one of the docks. While recuperating from his failure, he meets Samantha "Sam" Sparks , a weather intern for the Weather News Network in New York whose big break was foiled by Flint\'s actions while reporting the events about Sardine Land. The two witness violet clouds shaped like cheeseburgers floating over the town that rain cheeseburgers, much to everyone\'s surprise and joy. Realizing his achievement, Flint invents a communication device to send orders to the FLDSMDFR which is resting in the stratosphere. He starts working for Mayor Shelbourne, and Sam broadcasts Swallow Falls  attracting tourists. He also did an ice-cream snow day for the birthday of Earl\'s only son, Calvin "Cal" Devereaux . Everyone is going well until Tim fails to show appreciation for his son, and worst of all, more and more people  start greedily requesting food for Flint to rain. The more food that is ordered will require more clouds for the machine to collect and make the food. Flint notices that the food is beginning to rain in massive quantities, but the Mayor  sees it as a better outcome for him and the city, and Flint is forced to agree. He orders spaghetti and meatballs at the mayor\'s direction for the grand re-opening ceremony. The next day, citizens and worldly tourists crowd Chewandswallow and cheer on Flint who cuts the ribbon. Suddenly, a large destructive tornado formed of spaghetti and meatballs threatens the town. Flint rushes to the lab to turn the FLDSMDFR off, but finds the Mayor ordering dinner. Flint attempts to send a \'kill code\' to stop the machine. However, the Mayor accidentally destroys the communication device while trying to stop Flint from turning off the machine. Flint asks the Mayor what he exactly ordered, and the Mayor timidly replies to Flint that he ordered a Vegas-style all-you-can-eat buffet. A massive food storm threatens the world and Flint loses hope. However, his father encourages him to fix the mess and hands him his lab coat that he lost in the recent disaster. Flint gains confidence and places the kill code in a USB flash drive and invents the Flying Car 2, but is then met by the angry townspeople, who, told by the Mayor, want to get back at him for dooming their world. Fortunately, Earl comes to the rescue, stating that the townspeople themselves are to blame since they have been pushing Flint into making so many orders in the first place. Realizing this, the townspeople agree and spare Flint, allowing him, Sam, her cameraman, Manny , Steve, and Brent to set out to destroy the FLDSMDFR and save the world while they work together with the remaining tourists to escape Chewandswallow. Entering the stratosphere, they find that the machine is the sole core of a giant meatball — a meateroid — and that it is aware of the heroes so it sends sentient food to attack them . In the chaos, Flint loses the kill code when the flash drive flies out of the Flying Car 2. Flint calls his father who instructs him to enter his lab and send the kill code to his cell phone. Flint, Sam, and Brent enter the meateroid but Flint is forced to carry on to the machine solo since Brent must fight off sentient roast chicken while inside one and Sam cuts herself on peanut brittle, to which she is allergic and therefore must get access to an epi-pen. Meanwhile in Chewandswallow, the citizens and tourists, with the help of Earl, escape on boats made of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches under Earl\'s orders, while the Mayor escapes on the first one . Mt. Leftovers collapses, causing an avalanche of food — a foodalanche — to destroy Chewandswallow. The foodalanche covers Flint\'s Lab with Tim still trying to send Flint the kill code. However he survives and he successfully clicks send. Flint encounters the machine and jams the phone into the USB port. However, Tim had sent him the wrong document, but Flint destroys the machine by using his Spray-On formula into the food extraction hole. Sam and Brent escape the meateroid before it explodes. They return to the aftermath of Chewandswallow. Flint returns safe and alive carried by his Ratbirds. Tim finally shows his appreciation for Flint and Flint and Sam celebrate and they kiss. The end credits show that everyone is now using a new machine to change the world into a food paradise, while the Mayor  is deflated back to his normal size and arrested for his greedy actions.'] ['In West Virginia, Charles "Boomer" Baxter is controlling the position of mountain top-depletion blasts. He detonates the TNT, and an enormous earthquake devastates the area. After a few hours, Dr. Amy Lane, a government seismologist, reaches the quake\'s epicenter. Dr. Lane realizes that the primary quake has opened a deep fault which runs through the center of North America, and if the fault comes in contact with the San Andreas Fault, it will cause massive earthquakes and tsunamis that will devastate Los Angeles, San Francisco, and other cities in the West Coast and many countries in the Pacific Ocean, leading to the deaths of hundreds of thousands. Dr. Lane and Boomer must run toward the mighty break in the ground, inventing a plan to stop the next quake. they decide to use a satelite dish that makes earthquakes. They decide to fire it when they reach the Grand Canyon, thinking that when it hits the canyon the satellite will force it go south to the Gulf of Mexico. When the fault reaches the canyon, they fire the satellite at the fault but the plan goes wrong. Instead of the fault heading south the fault goes north, towards the Yellowstone caldera  and realizing if it reaches the whole caldera would erupt, sending 2,000,000 tonnes of ash into the air which could kill millions of people. So they decide to put explosives. Later, when it reaches the park, the boomer detonates the explosives causing the fault to stop just inches from reaching the volcano. But it costed the boomer\'s life. At last when the camera zooms into space, a giant fault that is miles wide is shown.'] ['While taking a business trip, Max Klein  survives a crash of a flight headed from San Francisco to Houston. As the plane was descending, Max inexplicably became at peace when he accepted he was going to die. The revelation coaxed him to take it upon himself to comfort many of the fearful passengers, even moving to sit next to Byron Hummel , a young boy flying alone. The psychological trauma of the experience transforms his personality and he enters an altered state of consciousness, rethinking his life and becoming preoccupied with existential questions of life and death. Immediately after the crash, Max, one of the plane\'s few survivors, rents a car and drives from the crash site in Bakersfield to Los Angeles, stopping on the way to see his old high school sweetheart, Alison , whom he hadn\'t visited in 20 years. During their meal at a restaurant, Alison notices Max eating a strawberry and inquires about his allergy to them. Max grins and explains he\'s "gotten past" his allergic reaction and confidently finishes it with no problems. He\'s tracked down at a hotel room the next morning by F.B.I. agents who question his odd choice to not contact his wife and family or remain at the crash site with the other survivors. The airline sends a representative who compensates him with train tickets to go home to San Francisco. Max declines the tickets, stating adamantly that he wants to fly home and has no fear of air travel anymore. On the flight, he meets Dr. Bill Perlman , an airline-contracted psychiatrist who offers to counsel Max for post-traumatic stress disorder. Dr. Perlman accompanies Max back to his home where his wife Lauren  begins noticing his strange behavior. Max matter-of-factly informs Nan Gordon ([[Deirdre O\'Connell , the wife of his friend and business partner, that her husband Jeff  died in the crash. The media dubs Max "The Good Samaritan" and tries to interview him as Byron comes to publicly thank him for the way he comforted the passengers during the crash, but Max avoids making a statement. Over time, Max becomes distant from Lauren and his son Jonah  because of his preoccupation with his near death experience. He comes to think of himself as invulnerable to death, causing Dr. Perlman to become concerned with Max\'s delusion. Perlman encourages Max to meet with another survivor, Carla Rodrigo  in the hopes that the two can help support one another. Carla, who lost her baby son in the crash, struggles with survivor\'s guilt, punishing herself for not holding onto him tightly enough when his seat belt on the plane malfunctioned. Max and Carla bond and develop an intimate friendship as he helps her to get past her depression and free herself from her guilt. Max, Lauren, and Nan meet with attorney Steven Brillstein , who encourages Max to exaggerate his testimony in order to increase Nan\'s compensation settlement offer from the airline. Max states his discomfort with lying but reluctantly agrees when he considers Nan\'s financial predicament as a widow. The unease of lying causes Max to have a panic attack and he runs out of the office to the roof of the building where he climbs onto the ledge. As Max stands on the ledge, looking down at the streets below, his panic attack subsides and he rejoices in his fearlessness. Lauren follows Max onto the roof and upon finding him, believes him to be suicidal. Eventually Max\'s increasingly dramatic attempts at pushing the boundaries between life and death succeed in jolting Carla from her uncertain state. However, after parting company with Carla, Max remains distant in his relationship with his wife and son. Brillstein arrives at the Klein home to celebrate the pending settlement offer, and brings a basket with an assortment of fruits. Max eats one of the strawberries but, unlike in the restaurant, this time experiences an allergic reaction and suffocates. As he lay choking, Max accepts the reality of his death when suddenly he\'s resuscitated by Lauren. He survives and  recovers his emotional connection to his family and to the world.'] ["Thiyagu , a Medical College Student, leads a gang of four to abduct corrupt politicians and bureaucrats who use the loophole in law to enjoy their prison term in hospitals or guest houses. Deiva , a school girl and daughter of Sandana pandian , a police officer on the trail of the mysterious gang, has a crush on Thiyagu. She is not aware of his real identity. The reason for Thiyagu to take up illegal activities is out of frustration. His collegemate Kavitha  commits suicide when she doesn't get any support from him in her effort to expose a drug sale racket in the medical college. This shocked him and spurred him into taking law into his own hands. Nabbed by Sandana pandian and hauled before the special court, Thiyagu reveals the crimes committed by those he had kidnapped. He offers to free them if they are sentenced to life imprisonment. When the judges refuses, the public storm the court. In the melee, Sandana pandian lets the gang members go scot free along with his daughter."] ["In Southampton in 1916, the HMHS Britannic, a sister ship of RMS Titanic, has been refitted as a hospital ship for soldiers fighting in the Gallipoli Campaign. Among the nurses who are to serve aboard her is Lady Lewis , who is being delivered to Greece via Naples, where her husband has become Ambassador for Great Britain. Traveling with her is Vera Campbell , an operative of British Intelligence posing as Lady Lewis' governess. Campbell is unnerved by the voyage, having survived the sinking of the {{RMS}} four years previously, losing her husband as well. A German spy has boarded the Britannic posing as the ship's chaplain, Chaplain Reynolds , and soon discovers that the Britannic is carrying small arms as was believed - although he is unaware that Captain Bartlett  has placed the small arms aboard as a means of protection against mutiny. Under the articles of war, Reynolds considers his actions against the Britannic to be legal and initiates a series of sabotage attempts to either take over the Britannic or sink her, including inciting the Irish stokers, all members of the Irish Republican Brotherhood, to mutiny. Each sabotage attempt is foiled by Vera Campbell - with the eventual co-operation of the ship's crew. Unaware that Campbell is responsible, Reynolds finds himself growing attracted to Campbell whilst the voyage continues. As the two of them spend time together, they fall in love and Campbell has sex with Reynolds before discovering his true identity. Reynolds blows a hole in the port side bow of the ship. The Britannic, mortally damaged, tries sailing for Kea Island three miles away, but the beaching operation causes the hospital ship to sink even faster. Campbell discovers that William, one of Lady Lewis's children has disappeared. Reynolds helps her and they manage to get the boy to the lifeboat before it is lowered. An explosion causes Reynolds to be trapped in a flooding room. Campbell helps Reynolds escape and the two of them make their way through the ship, swimming through flooded rooms, vents, grates, and corridors. They make it outside and watch a lifeboat filled with 29 evacuees get smashed to pieces by the still spinning propellers. Reynolds ties Campbell to a line that was thrown from Lady Lewis's lifeboat. Despite her protests, Reynolds throws her into the sea after kissing her. Reynolds commits suicide. A few moments later, the ship rolls onto her starboard side and sinks beneath the waves. A warship, HMS Victoria, arrives to rescue the survivors."] ['The film continues the story from the original movie\'s conclusion. The Poseidon is still afloat, and the six survivors of Reverend Scott\'s team have been rescued. Cockney tugboat captain, Mike Turner , discovers the wreck of the ship. Accompanied by second mate Wilbur  and passenger Celeste Whitman , he heads out to claim salvage rights on it, as the tugboat Jenny lost her cargo in the same storm that capsized it. They are soon followed by Dr. Stefan Svevo  and his crew, who claim to be Greek Orthodox medics who received the ship\'s SOS. They board the doomed vessel and become trapped after the entrance collapses. The group with Turner also encounters the ship\'s nurse, Gina Rowe, a passenger named Suzanne Constantine, and war veteran Frank Mezzetti who is searching for his missing daughter , which they soon find along with the elevator operator Larry Simpson and as well as a "billionaire" named "Tex". Later they find the blind Harold Meredith and his wife Hannah, who were waiting for rescue. Water continues to submerge more decks and more explosions occur. Turner and his group find the purser\'s office, where Svevo decides that he and his men will continue their search for other survivors. Turner agrees and Svevo and his men leave in another direction. Another explosion causes the safe in the purser\'s office to fall through the floor and open, revealing gold coins  and cash. Turner and Wilbur excitedly gather it and start looking for another way out of the ship. Unknown to Turner and the survivors, Suzanne was actually working with Svevo and sneaked a list containing information about a cargo of crates from the purser\'s office. She gives it to Svevo, but decides that she doesn\'t want to go through with his plan anymore. Svevo apologizes and orders Doyle, one of his men to kill Suzanne. He shoots her, but she strikes him with an axe before she dies. After climbing up a few decks, Turner and his group find Svevo and his men gathering a cargo of plutonium. Svevo reveals that his real intention of boarding the Poseidon was to retrieve his lost shipment of plutonium, adding that he can\'t let Turner and his group go now. However, before they can kill Turner and his group, another explosion occurs, allowing them to escape through another cargo room full of cars, where another of Svevo\'s men is killed. Water floods the deck as Turner\'s group proceed to up to the next deck, but Hannah falls into the rising water and Turner loses his salvaged gold. Svevo and his one remaining gunman head back up to the ship\'s stern, where the rest of Svevo\'s team attempt to raise the plutonium using a crane up to the hull of the ship, which is still above water but is slowly sinking. In another section of the ship, Turner and the survivors exit the ship through an underwater side door, but due to shortage of scuba tanks, Wilbur  sacrifices himself by swimming underwater and disappearing. Turner and Celeste swim to the tugboat Jenny and move it closer to the Poseidon as the remaining survivors swim towards it. Svevo\'s men see them and open fire and kill Tex, who willingly holds onto a bottle of champagne as he goes down. Turner\'s group makes it to his boat and they sail away. Water continues to flood the Poseidon and cause the on-board boilers to explode, which causes the cargo of plutonium to also do so. The Poseidon completely explodes, killing Svevo and his men. On board Turner\'s boat, Turner accepts that his tugboat Jenny will be taken from him when they get to port, but Celeste reveals a diamond that she salvaged from the Poseidon. Celeste asks Turner, "Are you going to kiss me now?" and Turner replies, "I was going to kiss you anyway." They kiss and the tugboat Jenny sails away into the sunset with the survivors.'] [' A massive meteor shower destroys the Space Shuttle Atlantis and bombards New York City, the East Coast, and Finland. NASA discovers that a Texas-sized asteroid will collide with Earth in 18 days, creating another extinction event. The asteroid is unofficially named "Dottie", after the wife of the astronomer who initially discovered it. NASA scientists, led by Dan Truman  plan to bury a nuclear device deep inside the asteroid that, when detonated, will split the asteroid in two, driving them apart so that they both fly safely past the Earth. NASA contacts Harry Stamper , considered the best deep-sea oil driller in the world, for assistance and advice. Harry returns to NASA along with his daughter Grace  to keep her away from her new boyfriend, one of Harry\'s young and rambunctious drillers, A.J. Frost . Harry and Grace learn about the asteroid and Harry explains he will need his team, including A.J., to carry out the mission. Once they have been rounded up and the situation is explained, they agree to help, but only after their list of unusual rewards and demands are met. As NASA puts Harry and his crew through a short and rigorous astronaut training program, Harry and his team re-outfit the mobile drillers, named the "Armadillos", that will be used on the asteroid. When a large fragment from the asteroid wipes out Shanghai, NASA is forced to reveal its plans to the world and launches two military space shuttles, named Freedom and Independence. Once in orbit, the shuttles dock with the Russian space station Mir manned by Lev Andropov  to refuel. A fire breaks out during the transfer and the station is evacuated just before it explodes, with Lev and A. J. making a narrow escape. The shuttles slingshot around the Moon in order to land on the backside of the asteroid. Traveling through the asteroid\'s debris field Independences hull is punctured and crashes onto the rock. Grace, watching from NASA headquarters, is distraught by A.J.\'s apparent death. Freedom lands safely, but misses the target area by 26 miles, so the team must now drill through an area of compressed iron ferrite rather than the planned softer stone. When they fall significantly behind schedule and communications are about to fail, the military initiates "Secondary Protocol"; to remote detonate the nuclear weapon on the asteroid\'s surface, which apparently will not have any effect. While Truman delays the military at Mission Control, Harry persuades the shuttle commander to disarm the bomb so they can complete the drilling. Distracted by "Rockhound" , who is having a mental breakdown, the Freedom crew loses their Armadillo when it strikes a gas pocket and is blown into space. World panic ensues as the mission is assumed lost, just as another meteorite destroys Paris. Suddenly, A.J., Lev, and "Bear" , having survived the Independence crash, arrive in time to complete the drilling. As the asteroid approaches the Earth, it heats up, causing a dangerous rock storm that damages the bomb\'s remote trigger. They realize that someone must stay behind to detonate it manually. After all the non-flight crew volunteers, they draw straws, and A.J. is selected. As he and Harry exit the airlock, Harry rips off A.J.\'s air hose and shoves him back inside, telling him that he is the son he never had and he would be proud to have him marry Grace. Harry prepares to detonate the bomb and contacts Grace to say his last goodbyes. After the Freedom moves to a safe distance, Harry pushes the button at the last minute  and his life passes before his eyes as the asteroid is destroyed. It breaks in two and both halves fly past the Earth. Freedom lands, and the surviving crew are treated as heroes. The film ends with A.J. and Grace\'s wedding, complete with photos of Harry and the other lost crew members present in memoriam.'] ['When a Boeing 747 is struck by lightning that kills the flight crew, a flight attendant and a passenger must land the plane safely.'] ['In 1967, Motaba, a fictional deadly viral hemorrhagic fever, is discovered in a mercenary camp in Zaire and kept top secret. Two soldiers order the camp bombed to cover up the discovery. Twenty eight years later, in 1995, the virus resurfaces in Zaire. Colonel Sam Daniels , a USAMRIID virologist, is sent to investigate. He and his crew, Major Casey Schuler , and new recruit Major Salt  gain information about the virus and return to the United States, where Daniels asks his superior, Brigadier General Billy Ford , to put out an alert. Ford, who knows the virus is not new, tells Sam it is unlikely to show up. Meanwhile, one of the host animals, a white-headed capuchin monkey, is illegally brought to the United States. James "Jimbo" Scott , an employee at the Biotest animal holding facility, steals the monkey and takes it to Cedar Creek, California, to sell on the black market. During the trip, Jimbo is infected with the virus. Jimbo unsuccessfully tries to sell the monkey to a pet store owner - who also becomes infected - before releasing the monkey into the woods. Jimbo starts to show signs of infection while flying to Boston, where he gets off the plane and kisses his girlfriend, infecting her. They are both hospitalized. A CDC scientist and Daniels\' ex-wife, Robby Keough , investigates the infections. Jimbo, his girlfriend, and the pet store owner die from the virus but Robby establishes that no one else in Boston was infected. Meanwhile, the technicians at a Cedar Creek hospital run tests on the pet store owner\'s blood. A technician accidentally breaks a vial, splattering the contents, infecting and killing him. The virus mutates into a new strain, capable of spreading like flu, and numerous Cedar Creek citizens are exposed to Motaba. Daniels learns of the infection and flies to Cedar Creek, against Ford\'s orders, joining Robby\'s team. Whilst Daniels and his team begin a search for the host animal, a state of martial law is declared in Cedar Creek, and the U.S. Army has quarantined the town to contain the outbreak. A mystery serum, E-1101, is introduced to those suffering from Motaba. Daniels soon realizes the serum is not experimental, but was designed to cure Motaba, and that Ford knew about the virus beforehand. However, the serum does not help the residents of Cedar Creek, who are infected by a mutated strain. Daniels confronts Ford who admits he withheld information on the virus due to national security and Motaba\'s potential to be turned into a biological weapon. Daniels learns from Ford of Operation Clean Sweep, a plan by the military to bomb the town of Cedar Creek, with approval from the President of the United States. Major General Donald "Donnie" McClintock , who was Ford\'s partner at the African camp in 1967 and was responsible for its destruction, plans to use the bombing to cover up the virus\'s existence to advance his weapon objective. To prevent Daniels from finding a cure, McClintock has him arrested by implicating Daniels as a carrier of the virus. This leads Daniels and Salt to search for the host animal to save the town. Flying a helicopter to the ship that carried the host animal, Daniels obtains a picture of the monkey and broadcasts it on the news, which a viewer realizes her daughter is playing with in their backyard. She calls the station, and the two men arrive at the family\'s house. The daughter coaxes out the monkey, Betsy, which Salt tranquilizes. Learning from Daniels that the host animal is captured, Ford delays the bombing. Flying back, Daniels and Salt are confronted by McClintock, who also came by helicopter. Daniels has Salt fire two rockets into the trees to trick McClintock into thinking they crashed. Returning to Cedar Creek, Salt mixes Betsy\'s antibodies with the E-1101 to create an anti-serum in time to save Robby but not Casey. Daniels discovers Operation Clean Sweep is in progress and becomes aware that McClintock will not call off the bombing. He and Salt take it upon themselves to fly in the way of the bomber to stop it. With support from Ford, Daniels is able to stay in the way of the plane long enough to convince the pilots that information was withheld from them. The pilot detonates the bomb over water instead of the town. Ford, having had enough of McClintock\'s single-minded obsession, relieves McClintock of command and places him under arrest for withholding information from the President. McClintock promises to take Ford down with him, but Ford refuses. Sam and Robby make up, and the remaining residents of the town are successfully cured.'] [" Optimus Prime, leader of the benevolent Autobots, narrates the collapse of the Transformers' home world, Cybertron. It was destroyed by war between the Autobots and the malevolent Decepticons, lead by Megatron in his quest to get hold of the AllSpark. The Autobots want to find the AllSpark so they can use it to rebuild Cybertron and end the war, while the Decepticons want to use it to defeat the Autobots and take over the universe. Megatron had managed to locate the AllSpark on Earth, but crash-landed in the Arctic Circle and froze in the ice. After stumbling upon his frozen body in 1897, explorer Captain Archibald Witwicky accidentally activated Megatron's navigational system and his eye glasses were imprinted with the coordinates of the AllSpark's location, an incident that left him blind and mentally unstable. Sector 7, a secret government organization created by President Herbert Hoover, discovered the AllSpark in the Colorado River and built the Hoover Dam around it to mask its energy emissions. The still-frozen Megatron was moved into this facility and was used to advance human technology through reverse engineering. In the present day, the Decepticon known as Blackout arrives in a U.S. military base in Qatar to find the location of Megatron and the AllSpark. He tries to hack into the files of the computer base, but is stopped by Captain William Lennox and his team. Back in the United States, Captain Witwicky's descendant Sam Witwicky buys his first car which turns out to be the Autobot scout Bumblebee, who tries to help him woo his crush Mikaela Banes. Later, Sam catches a glimpse of Bumblebee's true form when he signals the other Autobots. On Air Force One, another Decepticon named Frenzy infiltrates the plane and tries to hack into the network again, only this time is more successful until he is stopped by the US Security Defense before he can retrieve all of the file information. Frenzy is then picked up by his partner Barricade and they go after Sam after learning he has the glasses needed to find the AllSpark. Sam is rescued by Bumblebee and Mikaela also learns of the Transformers' existence. Bumblebee fights Barricade and manages to subdue him while Sam and Mikaela decapitate Frenzy, but he still survives. Meanwhile, Scorponok, who was sent by Blackout, goes after Captain Lennox and his team, murdering one of them and injuring another. During the battle, Scorponok is forced to retreat when he gets injured by sabot rounds dropped on him by the Air Force. Sam and Mikaela soon meet Optimus Prime and his other Autobot partners Jazz, Ironhide, and Ratchet. They explain their origins to the two humans and insist on the urgency to get to the Allspark first before the Decepticons, knowing that the Decepticons plan to use it to turn all of Earth's technologies into a new army of Transformers and render humanity extinct. The Autobots bring the two humans back to Sam's house to find the glasses, and they nearly reveal their existence to Sam's parents. However, Sector 7 agent Seymour Simmons and his team find Sam and take his family away to a classified location after learning Sam came into contact with the Autobots. However, Sam and Mikaela are rescued by Optimus and the Autobots, but Bumblebee ends up getting captured. The Autobots get the glasses and use them to find the AllSpark's location so they can destroy it so the Decepticons cannot get to it. Sam and Mikaela along with two hackers named Maggie and Glenn arrive at Hoover Dam, where Maggie and Glenn got arrested by the FBI for trying to decipher the information Frenzy stole. Frenzy finds the AllSpark and gets his body back, then contacts the other Decepticons, Starscream, Bonecrusher, Brawl, Barricade, and Blackout. Starscream attacks the dam and Frenzy frees Megatron from his frozen prison, where he joins his cohorts into chasing down Sam and the Autobots, where Bumblebee has shrunk the cube to a reasonable size. They then get to Downtown Los Angeles, where a large battle ensues. Working together, the Autobots and human soldiers kill Bonecrusher, Blackout and Brawl. However the war causes Bumblebee to get crippled, and Jazz is killed by Megatron. Optimus urges Sam to put the AllSpark in his chest, which will destroy them both, but Sam instead inserts the cube into Megatron's chest, which kills him and destroys the AllSpark. The dead Transformer bodies are dumped into the Laurentian Abyss in the Atlantic Ocean to be hidden, the government orders the closure of Sector 7, and the Witwicky family are released from custody. Sam and Mikaela soon start a new relationship, and Optimus says that the Autobots' fates have given them a new home, Earth, and sends a message calling out all surviving Autobots to join them. In a mid-credits scene, Starscream escapes into space."] ['A psychopathic bomber  sneaks into Ocean View Amusement Park and places a small radio-controlled bomb on the tracks of the park\'s wooden roller coaster, The Rocket. The bomb detonates, causing the ride to derail, which kills several riders. Harry Calder , a ride inspector who is trying to kick his smoking habit, is called to the park to investigate what initially appears to have been an accident. Calder determines that there was an unauthorized man on the track, thus eliminating structural problems as the cause of the crash. Meanwhile, the bomber flies to Pittsburgh where he sets a dark ride at another park on fire, although everyone escapes without injuries. Unable to discover any more information from the parks, Calder heads to Chicago where the heads of the parks are having a meeting. The room where the meeting is held has been bugged by the bomber, who has disguised himself as a bell boy. Calder demands to be let into the meeting, then plays a tape the Young Man has sent, wherein he demands $1 million to stop his bombing campaign. When Calder returns home he receives a call from the Young Man, who heard from his bugging of the meeting room that Calder is to go to Virginia, where the money is to be delivered to the bomber. The FBI arrive, led by Agent Hoyt , who confirms that the extortion money is to be delivered by Calder. Although reluctant, Calder flies to Kings Dominion in Richmond. He is told to wait at a telephone in the park, and is called by the bomber who is secretly watching him from the Eiffel Tower replica in the park. He tells Calder that there is a bomb in the park, and is given a two-way radio by a courier sent by the bomber. Over the radio, Calder is ordered to go on various rides in the park including Rebel Yell, the park\'s racing wooden coaster. When he gets on the Skyway, the Young Man tells Calder that the bomb is in his radio but he must not throw it away because it will explode on impact, and the paths below the Skyway are crowded with patrons. Calder is then ordered to falsely signal that he has made the delivery once leaving the Skyway, in order to distract the FBI who are watching him. The bomber tells Calder to leave the money on a bench for the Young Man in Hanna-Barbera Land. When the Young Man fails to respond to on the radio, Calder turns around to see the bag gone. After a heated argument with Hoyt and the discovery that Hoyt marked the money , Calder demands to be sent home leaving the bomb squad to take care of the radio-bomb. Once home, Calder receives a call in the middle of the night from the Young Man. He blames Calder for having the money marked and threatens another attack. Calder suspects that the Young Man will strike The Great American Revolution at Magic Mountain as his next target, because it is one of the coasters that Calder personally inspected and cleared. By so doing, Calder figures, the Young Man can take revenge on both the FBI and Calder. Though Hoyt and the other FBI agents don\'t believe Calder\'s theory, they decide to go there anyway to investigate, as the ride is scheduled to debut on July 4. While inspecting the ride disguised as park maintenance men, the agents find a bomb attached to the tracks. They are able to cut the bomb\'s antenna just moments before the Young Man realizes that his bomb has been discovered and tries to detonate the explosives. The bomber returns to his car and gets a new bomb just as the Revolution is about to open for the first time. In order to get on board, he pays $100 for a "Gold Ticket" which entitles him to be on the first train of the new ride. He places the new bomb under his seat in the back of Revolution\'s train. As the riders get off, Calder recognizes the Young Man\'s voice while he is interviewed at the exit of the ride. He immediately chases after the bomber, telling the other agents he might have placed something in train. However, it is too late to stop the train since it has already passed the chain lift on its second ride through. Intrigued by Calder\'s intelligence, the cornered bomber threatens to blow up the ride, holding the detonator in his hand while the agents try to jam the signal. The Young Man demands a firearm, which Calder takes from an agent. As Calder is about to hand him the gun, the FBI succeed in jamming the detonator\'s signal. Calder shoots the Young Man who then runs away. He hops a fence into the field below the Revolution, running blindly, not realizing he is going in a circle that leads him right back to Calder. The bomber climbs onto the track of the Revolution and prepares to escape, but sees Calder and freezes. Distracted, the Young Man is hit and killed by the coaster. The film ends with Calder requesting a cigarette and a light from a stranger, but then drops them on the ground, deciding not to smoke, as the ride proudly re-opens.'] ['McMurphy  comes to Denver, Colorado to see Polly Pry  about the Packer case. As Pry leaves for her scheduled meeting with McMurphy, she is stalked and shot at by a gunman. The bullets hit her skirts and lessen the blows inflicted on her publishers behind her. McMurphy and Pry meet in a tavern to discuss the Packer story over whiskey. She begins with the five prospectors who will become victims meeting up for the first time at a boardinghouse, where the landlady  tells them that Alfred Packer is the best guide in the area. The men find Packer in a small prison, and pay his bail so that he can be their guide. They join together with the larger group, but are soon split up, and they get suckered into the hospitality of a trapper  and his sidekick, Weasel , who intend to rape George Noon . Packer and the men escape, but get hopelessly lost in Ute territory. When Packer is scouting ahead, he returns to find that Shannon Wilson Bell , a Mormon missionary, has killed and begun to eat the other prospectors. Packer and Bell fight; Bell falls, landing on a knife, and is killed. After several months, Packer comes out of the mountains into the nearest town and makes his report to General Adams . Later, while at Dolan\'s Bar, his story having been investigated, he is captured and brought to trial. The remainder of the film depicts his trial. Judge Gerry  reads his sentence as per the court records, though omitting the two consecutive repeats of "dead." As Packer walks through the courthouse door, a blue glow emanates from behind it, the image freezes, and, in voiceover and overlain title cards, Pry briefly summarizes what happened to Packer after the trial.'] ["The film opens in Los Angeles International Airport where fans and haters of heavy metal singer Slade Craven ([[John Mann  gather up. Craven will perform his farewell concert on a Boeing 747 operated TransCon Airlines flight 619, which will be flying from Los Angeles to Toronto, and the concert is scheduled to be broadcast over the internet. The FAA has received threats that they had better allow this concert to take place. Erica Black Monika Schnarre is a news anchor who is on the airplane with her cameraman Ethan , covering the concert. The fans board the plane and later Craven and his band get on while the crew checks everything. During the safety demonstration, the fans do not pay attention and they cheer saying Craven many times. For the past two years, FBI agent Kate Hayden  has been after hacker Nick Watts , who has gained access to the live broadcast of the concert. After having snacks, Craven and his band start the concert and perform “Gun Love” and do tricks. Later when Craven is backstage at the first class toilet, an unknown person corners him and assumes his personality. The anonymous person then kills Craven's manager. When Kate arrives at Nick's home, they both see something that they never thought was supposed to be part of the broadcast. Craven kills captain Collins and takes the airplane hostage. Kate places a call and tells fellow agent Frank Garner and his partner Dave Barrett to check it out. Garner and Barrett head to the offices of Z-Web-TV, the company that's broadcasting the concert and it is the same company that Erica works for, and the company is run by Benny Mitchell. When Barrett calls the FAA tower in San Diego and talks to Mr. Stopnow, the head of the tower and his staff, an explosion splinters the tower, killing everyone in there. Garner and Barrett think that Craven has accomplices on the ground. Kate and Nick use Nick's equipment to figure out who the hostage taker is and later find out that he is not the real Slade Craven, but an impostor named Simon Flanders (also played by Mann; voice by , and it is revealed that he was the anonymous person who cornered Craven and abducted him by tying up and locked him in a room in the cargo hold, and the room has a computer in it. They then find more information that Simon is a member of a Satanic Cult called Guardians of the Gateway, who see themselves as the vanguard of the Antichrist who will rule the next millennium. He learns that Simon was previously suspected of murder and charged with 5 counts of Arson with all of the charges dropped due to insufficient evidence. The plane strays off its normal flight path, and is heading toward Stull, Kansas, because there is a small church there that Simon and his accomplices from the cult plan to crash the airplane in, because they believe that Satan will be released by the crash. Nick checks the internet and finds research that when the Pope visited Colorado in 1996, he refused to fly over Eastern Kansas, because this part of Kansas is said to be one of the most unholiest places in the world. It turns out that Erica, who is a high-ranking member of Guardians of the Gateway is the mastermind. Erica organized the whole plan to take the airplane hostage, and the co-pilot, MacIntosh’s  assignment is to crash the airplane into the church. After using the computer to talk to Kate and Nick, Craven manages to free himself and as he is about to leave, Simon enters and the two converse. A fight follows and Craven knocks Simon unconscious. He gets out of the hold, and heads to the auditorium wherein backstage, he finds Erica whom he engages in a hand to hand combat where he disarms her of a gun and knocks her to the electric chair prop which he wires, killing her. He then sees his guitarist, Damen, dead. He goes to the cockpit and finds MacIntosh, who tells him his plan to crash the plane and commits suicide. Realizing that no pilot is left to fly the plane, Craven takes the controls. The fans and the two remaining band members are in despair in the economy class cabin as Craven is guided by the Kansas City International Airport control tower along with Nick and Kate to land the plane. Simon enters the cockpit again and intervenes. Craven engages him in a hand to hand combat while the plane goes into a dive. The two land in the main cabin where Simon is about to stab Craven but Craven manages to disarm him by using a fire extinguisher and subdue him by locking him in the first class toilet and blocks the door with a service trolley. The flight reaches Kansas in a stormy weather and Craven lands the plane safely at Kansas City International Airport. Everyone in the plane applauds. Nick and Kate, the Z-Web-TV, FBI, and Kansas Airport controllers also celebrate. Nick is apprehended and the FBI agents are congratulated. As the plane is surrounded by emergency vehicles, the fans, crew, and the band disembark. One of the fans, Jen Shore  is given the chance to share on camera what has happened. After that, Craven disembarks and is congratulated and cheered by everyone and the film ends."] ["Located on the southeastern tip of the Korean Peninsula, Haeundae-gu of the city Busan draws one million visitors to its beaches every year. Several years ago, Man-sik, a Haeundae local, lost Yeon-hee's father due to his mistake in the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake while deep-sea fishing together at the Indian Ocean. Because of this, for years, Man-sik wasn't able to become involved with Yeon-hee, who runs an unlicensed seafood restaurant, despite her attempts to start a relationship . Dong-choon, another Haeundae local and also a neighbor of Man-sik, teams up with Man-sik's son and gets involved with some 'illegal' activity to earn money, but the two end up getting caught by the police. Afterwards, Dong-choon's mother, concerned about her unemployed son, decides to prepare him for a job interview, but Dong-choon refuses. As time passes, Man-sik finally plans to propose to Yeon-hee on a night with fireworks. Geologist Kim Hwi somehow runs into his divorced wife, Yoo-jin, who is preparing for an expo in Busan. Although Yoo-jin has a daughter , they decide not to tell their daughter that he  is her real father, afraid that the child would be greatly shocked. A wealthy college student from Seoul, Hee-mi, accidentally falls into the ocean from a luxurious yacht. Hyeong-sik, Man-sik's younger brother and also a lifeguard, rescues Hee-mi rather 'violently'. Hee-mi becomes greatly angered by the 'violent' rescue and annoys him by following him around. But as time passes on, love starts to grow between them. During the fireworks, Man-sik proposes to Yeon-hee. Yeon-hee says that a ribbon hung outside her restaurant the day after would mean 'yes'. On the day after, Man-sik sees no ribbon, and he meets Dong-choon, who was nearby. Dong-choon tells Man-sik that he told Yeon-hee why her father died several years ago. Man-sik becomes very angry, for he thinks that what Dong-choon told Yeon-hee caused there to be no ribbon. Meanwhile, Hwi notices that the Sea of Japan  is displaying similar activity to the Indian Ocean at the time of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. The Disaster Prevention Agency assures him that Korea is at no risk, but a megatsunami soon forms near Japan and starts to travel at 500 miles per hour towards Haeundae. Hwi realizes that the citizens of Haeundae have only 10 minutes left to escape. There is a short earthquake in Haeundae; the elevator Yoo-jin is in stops perhaps due to the earthquake. The sea starts receding from the shore, causing mass hysteria on the beaches as people realize that a tsunami is coming. Thousands of people run for their lives, but the tsunami soon reaches Haeundae and the streets are quickly flooded and many buildings collapse. People and cars on the Gwangan Bridge are swept away by the tsunami. A powerful electric shock from a telephone pole happens on the now-flooded street where Man-sik and Yeon-hee are on, electrocuting everyone in the water and those clinging onto metallic surfaces, but the two survive. A big cargo ship gets stuck at the Gwangan Bridge. Dong-choon, who was on the bridge and somehow managed to survive the tsunami, tries to escape from the falling cargo containers . The containers are shown falling at an extreme momentum. Dong-choon survives this, and later on, he tries to light a cigarette while still on the bridge. His portable lighter ends up on a flammable liquid flowing from one of the containers; there is a gigantic explosion and the bridge is cut in half. Hyeong-sik jumps down from a rescue helicopter and saves Hee-mi, who was far away in the sea with one of her friends. When Hyeong-sik and the friend are together on the rope, Hyeong-sik realizes that the rope is about to break and only one can go up to the helicopter. After a deep thought, Hyeong-sik cuts down the rope in which his body is connected to and falls down into the violent sea. The elevator Yoo-jin is in floods with water, and she talks with tears to her daughter on her portable phone. Soon, Yoo-jin is saved by a worker. On the roof of the building, Yoo-jin meets her daughter and Hwi. The two help their daughter get on a crowded rescue helicopter. Before the helicopter leaves, Hwi tells the truth to his daughter that he is really her father. Yoo-jin apologizes with tears to Hwi and they hug each other in front of a second tsunami before they are killed. After the tsunami, there is a funeral for the hundreds of thousands of lifeguards and people who were killed in the tsunami. Among the ones who were killed is Hyeong-sik. Dong-choon finds out that his mother was killed in the tsunami and he breaks into tears. People are shown helping to reconstruct the city. Man-sik, while cleaning the ruins of Yeon-hee's restaurant, finds the red ribbon which Yeon-hee's said was a 'yes' for his proposal. The movie ends with the scene of Haeundae in ruins, but in a hopeful atmosphere."] ['Atlantic is a drama film based on the RMS Titanic and set aboard a fictional ship, called the Atlantic. The White Star Line nevertheless did at one time own a major liner called Atlantic which was lost in 1873. The main plotline revolves around a man who has a shipboard affair with a fellow passenger, which is eventually discovered by his wife. The ship also has aboard an elderly couple, the Rools, who are on their anniversary cruise. Midway across the Atlantic Ocean, the Atlantic strikes an iceberg and is damaged to the point where it is sinking into the Atlantic. A shortage of lifeboats causes the crew to only allow women and children in and many couples are separated. Mrs. Rool refuses to leave her husband and after the boats are gone all the passengers gather on the deck and sing "Nearer, My God, to Thee" as the Atlantic sinks into the ocean. The final scenes depict a group of passengers saying the Lord\'s Prayer in a flooding lounge.'] ['The film is set in 2020 and begins as the Ares spacecraft enters orbit around Mars. Andre Vishniac commands an international crew of seven astronauts. They try to land, but the small landing craft crashes as a result of an altimeter error. Vishniac is immediately killed, and five other crew members are stranded inside the toppled landing craft, unable to return to the waiting Ares mothercraft. With no spare landing craft, Lowell, the pilot of the Ares, returns to Earth with it. It will take 26 months for Lowell to send a rescue ship from Earth, but the stranded landing crew have supplies for less than a year and need to find ways to extend the life support system. The main problem is the thermoelectric power generator, since air and water recycling require electrical power. Since the lander is damaged beyond repair, it no longer requires fuel, and Sagan  proposes to use what is left to power an improvised silicate reactor to produce methane and water vapor from the martian soil. They try to build it, but the landing engines and propellant tanks prove to be too damaged to salvage. The landing crew tries to find ways to save electrical power, but even draconian measures will only extend the life of the generator to fourteen months. The required lifetime can be attained only if the crew is reduced to two astronauts. Sanchez, the new commander, decides that she, Sagan and Rodrigo should abandon the craft, since their specialist skills are less important to the survival of the mission. They don their spacesuits and walk to the edge of the Valles Marineris valley, not far from the crash site. Recent radar scans from the orbiter reveal a maze-like structure hidden below a thick cloud of water vapor in the Valles Marineris. The structure appears artificial and is virtually identical to another one near the martian south pole. The three astronauts try to reach the bottom of the valley before they run out of oxygen. Sagan dies of asphyxiation, but Sanchez and Rodrigo stumble upon an artificial tunnel near the bottom of the valley, containing the mummified bodies of humanoid alien beings. They find that the air pressure and oxygen content in some of the tunnels is just like that on Earth. Rodrigo dies when accidentally entering a tunnel with no atmosphere, but Sanchez manages to contact the two astronauts still at the lander, who have meanwhile discovered that they are gradually losing air pressure and have realised that there must be an air leak somewhere. Sanchez urges them to join her, as there is enough oxygen and water in the valley for them to survive until the rescue ship arrives.'] ['Andy Goodman  is a week away from a forced retirement from his position as chief meteorologist at the National Weather Service storm prediction center. However, tornadoes level Las Vegas, an area normally not prone to the storms. Concerned and upset that the storm system formed unnoticed and that they were unable to warn the people, Goodman begins closely tracking the system. Goodman receives field reports from his friend "Tornado Tommy"  and assistance from new intern Sabrina Rogers . As time passes, he realizes the system is heading towards Chicago, joined by an unusual warm storm coming from the south, which is already causing a record-breaking heat wave in the city, and an abnormally early cold front from the Arctic. Meanwhile, Mitch Benson , the Chief of Operations at Midwest Electric, is struggling to keep power going to the residents because the six-week heat wave is straining the system and residents are refusing to follow power conservation requests. To get more energy, he is working with the company\'s largest supplier, Lexer, but the company\'s CEO is trying to find new ways to profit from this crisis. Benson also finds himself caught in a conflict of interest as he is having an affair with the Lexer\'s public relations representative, Rebecca Kerns . Ambitious reporter Amy Harkin  is stuck reporting on the heat wave while trying to find proof behind the scenes that Lexer and Midwest are responsible for the lack of sufficient power. The Secretary of Energy, Shirley Abbott , is actively warning various politicians and the president that the power grid is too outdated to handle real natural disasters and that it is too vulnerable to attack. Dan London , the chief engineer of Lexer, has also repeatedly warned Lexer that their systems are too vulnerable to hackers, but the company is only interested in going with the cheapest options. He decides to blow the whistle on the company to Harkin, but as he refuses to appear on camera, Harkin\'s boss will not allow the piece to air. As the storms approach, early storms knock out the city\'s primary power generating plant, and Benson is forced to negotiate with Lexer for even more power. Not realizing the devastating nature of the storms coming, London sets out to force Lexer to listen to his warnings by hacking the system and causing a cascading chain reaction that knocks out all of the power in Chicago. Goodman and his team are unable to warn the citizens that the storms have formed into a category 6 hurricane over the Great Lakes and will hit Chicago head on. Harkin realizes what happened to the power and rushes to find London, while Benson and Secretary Abbott gather energy from a multitude of other companies to get around the breakdown at Lexer. Unaware of what each party is doing, London quickly reverses the hacks at the same time as the energy starts flowing in from other companies. This overloads the system, knocking out the entire Midwest power grid as the storm hits the city. Unable to do anything further, Benson rushes to find his family after he receives word that they are trapped at a mall and that his daughter has been accidentally shot by her ex-boyfriend. Harkin gives Benson a ride to the mall to pick up his family, then they go to rescue her pregnant sister-in-law from an elevator. After Amy\'s cameraman is injured while rescuing her sister-in-law, Harkin stays behind with him and their neighbor. The others rush to reach the airport during the 15-minute eye of the hurricane, where they are picked up in a plane piloted by Harkin\'s brother, an air force weather pilot. After the storm passes, Harkin keeps her promise and tells London\'s story on air.'] ["On April 14, 2012, 100 years after the sinking of the RMS Titanic, a new, similar-looking luxury cruise liner named the SS Titanic II is christened. It then embarks on her maiden voyage using the same route the Titanic took 100 years before in reverse direction . During the Atlantic crossing, the effects of global warming cause the Helheim Glacier in Greenland to collapse, creating a giant tsunami that sends an iceberg crashing into the ship, while the passengers are partying in the dining saloon. The entire starboard side of the ship and the starboard lifeboat ramps are crushed and immense pressure is put on the liner's turbines. As people struggle to escape the rising waters and run for the submarine-shaped lifeboats on the port side, the turbines eventually explode, killing many people, including ship captain Will Howard. The explosion also caused an immense fire inside the sinking vessel, which is listing to its starboard side. Minutes later, another tsunami, this one more powerful and faster than the speed of sound, caused by a second collapse of the Helheim Glacier hits the liner, flipping it upside-down and drowning the people still on board and killing all the passengers in the lifeboats. With most of the ship flooded, the Titanic II finally sinks. Very few passengers survive."] ['The plot involves a group of Wyoming State convicts who stage an escape with the help of a smokejumper turned arsonist on the outside. The story begins when Shaye, who had stolen 37 million dollars four years previously and hidden it in the Wyoming forest, escapes from prison with five other convicts to retrieve the money. They pose as Canadian firefighters and take Jennifer , a bird watcher, hostage along the way. Jesse Graves  is a smokejumper, who must find a way to stop Shaye and his group of convicts and save Jennifer at the same time.'] ["Life is difficult in a small town in British Columbia, Canada in the wake of a terrible school bus accident in which numerous local children are killed. Hardly able to cope with the loss, their grieving parents are approached by a lawyer, Mitchell Stephens , who wants them to sue for damages by claiming the bus was faulty. Stephens is aware that urging for a class action suit while the town is so aggrieved is ethically questionable, but persists anyway. He is meanwhile haunted by his dysfunctional relationship with his own adult daughter whom he may soon lose permanently to drug abuse. At first most of the parents are reluctant to sue, but eventually they are persuaded by Stephens that filing a class action lawsuit would ease their minds and also be the right thing to do. As most of the children are dead, the case now depends on the few surviving witnesses to say the right things in court. In particular, it is 15-year-old Nicole Burnell , who was sitting at the front of the bus and is now paralyzed from the waist down, whose deposition is all-important. Before the accident, Nicole was a budding country music prodigy and she senses that her parents want justice and a large cash settlement to replace her lost music earnings—and not necessarily in that order. In the pretrial deposition, she unexpectedly accuses driver Dolores Driscoll ([[Gabrielle Rose  of speeding and thus causing the accident. When she does so, all hopes of holding the bus company liable vanish along with the possibility of a big settlement. It is implied that Nicole's motivation was partly to thwart and punish her parents, especially her sexually abusive father. Those involved know that Nicole is lying but can do nothing. The trial never occurs, leaving the townspeople, and Stephens, to cope in other ways with the uncertain future."] ['African-American coal mine inspector Ralph Burton  becomes trapped underground in a cave-in while inspecting a mine in Pennsylvania. He can hear rescuers digging towards him, but after a few days they slow down and then stop completely. Alarmed, he digs his own way out. Reaching the surface, he finds a deserted world.  Some discarded newspapers provide an explanation: one proclaims "UN Retaliates For Use Of Atomic Poison", another that "Millions Flee From Cities! End Of The World". Ralph later plays tapes at a radio station that indicate that a dust of radioactive isotopes that became harmless after five days was used as a weapon. Travelling to New York City in search of other survivors, he finds the city vacant. Ralph busies himself restoring power to a building where he takes up residence. Just as the loneliness starts to become intolerable, he encounters a second survivor: Sarah Crandall , a Caucasian-American woman in her twenties. The two become fast friends, but Ralph grows distant when it becomes clear that Sarah is developing stronger feelings for him. Despite living in a post-apocalyptic world, he cannot overcome the inhibitions instilled in him in a racist American society. Ralph regularly broadcasts on the radio, hoping to contact other people. One day, he receives a signal from Europe. Things become vastly more complicated when an ill, white Benson Thacker  arrives by boat. Ralph and Sarah nurse him back to health, but once he recovers, Ben sets his sights on Sarah and sees Ralph as a rival. Ralph is torn by conflicting emotions. He avoids Sarah as much as possible, to give Ben every opportunity to win her affections, but cannot quite bring himself to leave the city. Ben finally grows tired of the whole situation, realizing he stands little chance with Sarah as long as Ralph remains nearby. He warns Ralph that the next time he sees him, he will try to kill him. The two armed men hunt each other through the empty streets. Finally, Ralph passes by the United Nations headquarters, climbs the steps in Ralph Bunche Park, and reads the inscription "They shall beat their swords into plowshares. And their spears into pruning hooks. Nation shall not lift up sword against nation. Neither shall they learn war any more", from the Book of Isaiah 2:4. He throws down his rifle and goes unarmed to confront Ben, who in turn finds himself unable to shoot his foe. Defeated, he starts walking away. Sarah appears. When Ralph starts to turn away from her, she makes him take her hand; then she calls to Ben and gives him her other hand. Together, the three walk down the street to build a new future together. The film ends not with "The End" but with "The Beginning".'] ['William Dudley  is a corrupt mayor of a nameless Midwestern U.S. city who has allowed an oil refinery to be built right in the center of town, far from any river, lake or reservoir. On one typical hot summer day, Herman Stover , a dangerously disturbed employee at the works has been denied an expected promotion and in addition, finds himself fired. He then decides to take his revenge against the works by opening the valves to the storage vats and their interconnecting pipes, flooding the area and sewers with gasoline and chemicals. It doesn\'t take long for this act of petty vandalism to start a fire, which starts a chain reaction that causes massive explosions at the refinery, destroying it and spreading a mushroom-cloud of flame that soon engulfs the entire metropolis. The drama focuses on a newly built hospital which, like the refinery and all civic buildings that went up during the mayor\'s crooked administration, is shoddily built and poorly equipped where the head doctor, Frank Whitman , and his staff treat thousands of casualties from the fire while the city fire chief Risley  keeps in constant contact with the fire companies fighting a losing battle against the fires, and Maggie Grayson , an alcoholic reporter, sees it as her chance to make it nationwide with her coverage of the story of the "city on fire".'] ['The plot is centered around a colossal blast of heavily chilled mesosphere air, spreading over the Earth after a solar eclipse combined with the effects of environmental pollution caused a hole in the ozone layer. The catastrophic event threatens to engulf the entire world in ice. As Hobart, Tasmania is hit by the cold front with temperatures of below -70 degrees Fahrenheit, causing people to die almost instantaneously, physicist Jack Tate  tries to find a solution while protecting his family.'] ['In 2009, Adrian Helmsley , an American geologist, visits astrophysicist Dr. Satnam Tsurutani  in India and learns that neutrinos from a massive solar flare are causing the temperature of the Earth\'s core to increase rapidly. Adrian gives a report on this to White House Chief of Staff Carl Anheuser  who ends up taking Adrian to meet the President of the United States. In 2010, President Thomas Wilson  and other international leaders begin a secret project to ensure humanity\'s survival. Approximately 400,000 people are chosen to board "arks" that are constructed at Cho Ming, Tibet, in the Himalayas. At the same time as the People\'s Liberation Army are gathering volunteers, a Buddhist monk named Nima  is evacuated while his brother Tenzin  joins the workers in the Ark project. Additional funding for the project is raised by selling tickets to the private sector for €1&nbsp;billion per person. By 2011, humanity\'s valuable treasures are moved to the Alps under the guise of protecting them from terrorist attacks with the help of art expert and First Daughter Dr. Laura Wilson . In 2012, Jackson Curtis  is a science fiction writer in Los Angeles who works part-time as a limousine driver for the Russian billionaire, Yuri Karpov . Jackson\'s ex-wife, Kate  and their children Noah  and Lilly  live with Kate\'s boyfriend, plastic surgeon Gordon Silberman ([[Thomas McCarthy . Jackson takes Noah and Lilly camping in Yellowstone National Park. After an encounter with Helmsley, they meet Charlie Frost , who hosts a radio show from the park. Charlie plays a video of Charles Hapgood\'s theory that polar shifts and the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar predict that the 2012 phenomenon will occur. He has a map of the ark project in addition to information about officials and scientists from around the world who were murdered after planning to alert the public. The family returns home as seismic activity violently increases along the San Andreas Fault. Jackson grows suspicious and rents a plane to rescue his family. He collects his family and Gordon as the Earth crust displacement begins, and they narrowly escape Los Angeles as the city sinks into the Pacific Ocean. As millions die in catastrophic earthquakes and tsunamis worldwide, the group flies to Yellowstone to retrieve Charlie\'s map, escaping as the Yellowstone Caldera erupts. Charlie stays behind to broadcast the eruption and is killed. Learning that the arks are in China, the group lands in a devastated Las Vegas to find a larger plane. They run into Yuri, his twin sons Alec and Oleg , girlfriend Tamara  and pilot Sasha . The group secures an Antonov An-500  aircraft and they depart for China. Also heading for the arks aboard Air Force One are Anheuser, Helmsley and Laura Wilson. President Wilson remains in Washington, D.C. to address the nation one last time. With the Vice President dead and the Speaker of the House missing, Anheuser assumes de facto leadership. President Wilson is later killed by a megatsunami that sends the aircraft carrier USS John F. Kennedy crashing into the White House. Arriving in China in a crash landing that kills Sasha, the group is spotted by helicopters from the People\'s Liberation Army, carrying animals for the Arks. Yuri and his sons, possessing tickets, are taken to the arks, leaving Tamara and the others behind. They are picked up by Nima and are taken to the arks with his grandparents . They stow away on Ark 3 with the help of Tenzin. As a megatsunami approaches the site, an impact driver becomes lodged in the gears of the ark\'s hydraulics doors, preventing a boarding gate from closing and keeping the ship from starting its engines. In the ensuing chaos, Yuri, Gordon and Tamara are killed, Tenzin is wounded, and Ark 3 is set adrift. Jackson and Noah dislodge the impact driver and the crew regains control of the ark before it collides with Mount Everest. After flood waters from the tsunamis recede, the arks travel to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa where the Drakensberg Mountains have risen to become the tallest mountains in the world. Jackson is rejoined with his family, and Helmsley starts a relationship with Laura.'] ['On May 10, 1998, teenage amateur astronomer Leo Biederman  discovers an unusual object near the stars Mizar and Alcor at a star party in Richmond, Virginia. He alerts astronomer Marcus Wolf , who realizes that the object is a comet on a collision course with Earth, but dies in a car accident before he can alert the world. A year later, MSNBC reporter Jenny Lerner  investigates the resignation of the Secretary of the Treasury  and his connection to an "Ellie". She discovers that Ellie is not a mistress but an acronym: "E.L.E.", for "Extinction-Level Event". Because of Lerner\'s investigation, President Tom Beck  advances the announcement of the grim facts: The comet, named Wolf-Biederman, is {{convert}} wide, large enough to destroy all life if it strikes Earth. The United States and Russia have been secretly constructing a spacecraft, the Messiah, in orbit. They plan to use it to transport a team lead by Captain Spurgeon Tanner  to the comet, so that it can be destroyed with nuclear weapons. After landing on the comet, the crew members plant nuclear bombs 100 meters beneath the surface. When the bombs are detonated, the ship is damaged and loses contact with Earth. Instead of being destroyed, the comet splits into two smaller rocks nicknamed "Biederman"  and "Wolf" , both world-threatening. Beck announces the Messiah crew’s failure, declares martial law, and reveals that governments worldwide have been building underground shelters. The United States\' shelter is in the limestone caves of Missouri. The US government conducts a lottery to select 800,000 ordinary Americans aged 50 and under to join 200,000 pre-selected scientists, engineers, teachers, artists, soldiers, and officials. Lerner and Leo\'s families are pre-selected, but Leo\'s girlfriend Sarah Hotchner  is not. Leo marries Sarah to save her family but the Hotchners are mistakenly left off the evacuee list; Sarah refuses to leave without them. A last-ditch effort to use Earth\'s missile-borne nuclear weapons to deflect the two chunks of the comet fails. Leo returns home looking for Sarah, but her family has left for the Appalachian Mountains and is trapped in a traffic jam on the highway. Sarah\'s parents urge Leo to take Sarah and her baby brother to high ground; Sarah still does not want to abandon her parents, but they convince her to let them go. Lerner gives up her seat in the last evacuation helicopter to her friend Beth, who has a young daughter. She instead joins her estranged father  at her childhood beach house, where they reconcile and remember happier times. The Biederman fragment impacts in the Atlantic Ocean near Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, creating a megatsunami. Leo, Sarah and her baby brother survive. Lerner, her father, Sarah\'s parents, and millions along the Atlantic coasts of North and South America, Europe, and Africa perish. The world braces for the impact of Wolf in western Canada, which will create a cloud of dust that will block out the sun for two years. This, in turn, will destroy all remaining life on the surface. Low on fuel and life support, the crew of the Messiah decides to undertake a suicide mission with the remaining nuclear warheads. After saying goodbye to their loved ones by video conference, the ship reaches the fragment and enters a fissure to blow itself up, which breaks Wolf into much smaller pieces, which burn up in Earth\'s atmosphere. President Beck, speaking to a large crowd in front of the United States Capitol building, which is undergoing reconstruction, urges the nation and the world to continue their recovery.'] ['Renegade soldier Col. Ryan Beckett  is called in by the President of the United States  to save the planet from imminent destruction after a Chinese nuclear testing accidentally loosens the subterranean plates and exposes the Earth\'s core, which threatens to bring "Hell on Earth" in just three days. Beckett assembles a crack team to deliver and detonate not one but two nuclear bombs that must go off simultaneously in the only place on the planet in which they will do any good at stopping the movement of the plates—Los Angeles. The city is evacuated in a panic, but Beckett\'s teen daughter  is abducted by a religious-fanatic pyromaniac and Beckett must save her before he saves the world. Meanwhile, Beckett strikes up a romance with Julie , a scientist on his team who is having a feud with her scientist father , also on the team. Little do they know that also on the squad is the evil Kellaway , who hates Beckett so much he\'d let the planet blow up just to kill him. In the end Faith  manages to get her hands on a cell phone and text messages him an SOS. He and Julie head to rescue her and Beckett kills her insane kidnapper. They need to find a hole deep enough to drop the device down a few hundred feet and Faith knows of one in a subway station. They head there but meanwhile Kellaway murders the rest of the team  and comes to stop them. Beckett ends up throwing him down the shaft with the device. Beckett, Julie and Faith head outside and are shocked to find that the pilot of the team has landed a Presidential jet in the middle of the road. He was ordered to wait there for Kellaway and flies them to safety as the two devices go off destroying Los Angeles and stopping the movement of the plates just before it\'s too late.'] ['The film opens on Stewart Graff  jogging underneath the Hollywood sign. Back home, as he finishes his workout on a resistance machine, his wife Remy Royce-Graf  starts her morning by picking a fight with him. At the peak of their argument, Stewart says to Remy, "You\'d hardly call this a marriage wouldn\'t you?" After he has showered and is preparing to leave, Stewart finds Remy unconscious with a bottle of pills nearby. Accustomed to her periodic suicide attempts, Stewart prepares to induce vomiting when a violent tremor shakes the bedroom. Remy bolts out of bed, revealing that she was faking. Meanwhile, at the Mulholland Dam, two workers begin a routine inspection of the structure in response to the tremor. One of them is drowned in an elevator shaft which has filled with water after the quake. In downtown Hollywood, Sgt. Lou Slade  and his partner Emilio Chavez are in pursuit of a suspect. They chase him out of their jurisdiction, finally crashing into the hedges at Zsa Zsa Gabor\'s house. After an LA County Sherriff yells at Lou for ruining Gabor\'s hedges, Lou punches him out. When reprimanded, Lou explains to his supervisor that the suspect had stolen the car, gotten stoned, and then driven over a 6-year old Mexican girl without stopping. To his disgust, he receives a temporary suspension. On his way to work, Stewart visits Denise Marshall , an actress who is the widow of one of his friends and co-workers. He drops off an autographed football for her son Corry  and helps Denise run her lines for a scene she is shooting later that day. A junior staffer, Walter Russell , at the California Seismological Institute has calculated that Los Angeles will suffer a major earthquake in the next day or two. He frantically tries to reach his superior, Dr. Frank Adams, who is busy placing seismic sensors in the field. Another tremor hits as Adams and his assistant are working in a deep trench and they are buried alive. The scientists at the center argue about whether or not to go public with their prediction of a major quake. The acting supervisor, Dr. Willis Stockle , insists that if they are wrong their funding will be jeopardized. He also argues that the panic such a warning would cause could be worse than the earthquake itself. They agree on a compromise to alert the National Guard and police so that they can at least mobilize to help deal with the fallout. While checking out at a grocery store, Rosa Amici  realizes she does not have enough money to pay for all her items. Jody Joad , the seemingly kind store manager, insists that she keep the items and make up the deficit the next time she shops. Later, when he hears that the National Guard reserves are being called up on the radio, Jody leaves the store in the middle of his shift, revealing himself to be part of the reserve army. He goes to his run-down boarding house and changes into his NCO uniform, enduring the abuse and harassment of his bullying housemates who accuse him of being homosexual because he\'s got pictures of bodybuilders on his wall. Blowing off steam at a bar, Lou orders a double bourbon and ignores all the illegal activity he sees. A drunk  periodically wakes up to toast random people like \'Bobby Riggs\'. Daredevil motorcyclist Miles Quade  arrives with his partner Sal Amici  and his sister Rosa. A pool shark collects $50 that Miles owes him, leaving him short for the propane tank he needs to do a stunt for a talent scout. Miles convinces Lou to loan him the money by having Rosa reveal a tight-fitting t-shirt he\'s marketing with his name on it. The tremor cancelled Denise\'s shoot; so, she heads to Stewart\'s office, pretending to meet with a friend. When she runs into him, he is headed out for a drink. They go back to Denise\'s house for the drink and end up making love. He promises to come back later that night and invites her and Corry to spend the summer with him in Oregon, where he will be overseeing a project. Back at the office, his boss and father in-law Sam Royce  offers to hand over the company presidency to Stewart. He asks for some time to consider the idea. Stewart calls Denise and breaks off their plans for later that night. He goes to Sam\'s office to accept his offer but is stunned to see Remy there. He assumes she has convinced her father, Sam, to offer the promotion to Stewart in order to save their marriage. He storms out and she follows him, accusing him of cheating with Denise. He explains that he never had until that day. When the the couple get outside the building, the main earthquake occurs, destroying much of Los Angeles and killing thousands while shaking Southern California for six to nine minutes  of film time. Bizarrely, the sequence includes a shot of one of the characters watching High Plains Drifter in which Clint Eastwood is spun around in the barber\'s chair, shooting dead three men. After the quake is over, Sam and most of his employees find themselves trapped on the upper floors of their 30-story skyscraper, as the elevators have crashed to the ground. They descend most of the way by the stairs, but the earthquake has collapsed part of the stairwell, leaving an gap of about two stories. Sam rigs a fire hose to a chair and lowers his staff down one at a time. When everyone is safe, he suffers a heart attack and Stewart climbs up to lower him down in the chair. Denise\'s son, meanwhile, has been caught on a bridge over a spillway. She spies him unconscious on the concrete and climbs down to save him. Unable to climb back out with her son, she hails Miles and Sal who are passing by in their truck. After saving Denise and her son, they drive in search of help, coming across Lou who is organizing rescue efforts in the street. Lou commandeers their truck to use it as an ambulance. After nibbling on a donut in a ruined diner, Rosa has been arrested by the National Guard for looting. Jody, now a sergeant, picks her out of a group of prisoners. Recognizing him from the grocery store, Rosa assumes he is going to let her go, but he claims that the streets are too unsafe for her to go anywhere and he orders her to stay inside a secluded store. Another group of troops arrive with Jody\'s housemates as prisoners. Jody executes them in an act of revenge for all the long time bullying he endured from them, terrifying Rosa and his subordinates as they now see his dark psychopathic side. Once Stewart gets everyone safely from his office to a shopping center named Wilson Plaza, now converted into a triage center, he goes off in search of Denise and her son. Sam is taken to Dr. Jim Vance , but he does not survive. Stewart ends up driving Lou around in search of survivors and they come across Jody and his regiment. Jody threatens to fire on them if they come any closer and Rosa emerges when she sees Lou, begging for his help. Lou and Stewart pretend to comply with Jody by driving off while Sgt. Joad\'s scared men look for an officer to have him face a court martial and detainment. But Lou sneaks back and gets the jump on Jody, who\'s enraged at Rosa for betraying and rejecting him and tries to rape her. Lou shoots Jody dead in self-defense when Jody tries to kill him with his rifle and rescues Rosa. As they drive away, they hear that another aftershock has destroyed Wilson Plaza. After a quick survey of the building, Stewart realizes there are survivors trapped in an underground garage three stories below ground. He and Lou crawl into the sewer and through some rubble with a jackhammer, which they use to drill through to the garage. Stewart is overjoyed to find Denise, who is one of the people trapped inside. As he hugs her, he sees his wife standing just behind her. During the rescue, the Mulholland Dam finally gives way, sending water down the sewers. Lou and Denise make it up the ladder to safety, but as Remy climbs out, a man steps on her hand. She falls back into the water which is sweeping people away. Stewart looks up at Denise, but he cannot bring himself to abandon his wife to death. He sacrifices himself when he swims after her and both of them are swept away along with many others. Denise walks away from the manhole in shock and grief. Lou is holding Rosa when a doctor walks up to him and says, "This used to be a helluva town, officer." Lou mumbles, "Yeah" as he tries not to cry. The camera pans back to reveal a completely destroyed Los Angeles.'] ["While reviewing pictures of the planet Jupiter, astronomer Jennifer Dreiser  discovers a new comet streaking through space. The joy of finding the comet is short-lived, however, when it is determined that it may hit the Earth in just eight days. Dreiser is summoned to see the President  at his vacation home, along with a number of other experts, to discuss the situation. Astronomer Jason Voight , a specialist in near-Earth objects, shocks the group by telling them that the comet will hit within 50 miles of Phoenix. Voight urges the President to order an evacuation of Phoenix and the surrounding area, but the President ultimately leaves that decision in the hands of Arizona's governor, Michael Ritchie . The President does order the MIRV nosecone of a Minuteman ICBM be launched into space aboard a Titan-Centaur rocket, so that an attempt can be made at destroying the comet. After talking with the President, Governor Ritchie meets with a number of key people, including his chief of staff Elliott Kirkwood , insurance executive Paul Gilliam , newspaper owner David Allan , and emergency management officer Wayne Lustus . David's wife, television station owner Sharon Allan , gets wind of the meeting, but is unable to get David to tell her what's going on. Ultimately, Sharon asks Carol , a reporter at David's newspaper with whom David is having an affair, to find out. Voight is adamant that the people be told what's going to happen to Phoenix. Sharon Allan is the only media person in town who is willing to discuss the issue with him. Ultimately, Voight convinces her to put him on the air and describes what will happen when the comet hits. Voight's broadcast has one desired effect - people begin leaving the city for safety. But it also leads to businesses being looted. Governor Ritchie instructs Elliott to report the broadcast to the FCC, in an effort to get Sharon's television station's license to broadcast revoked. The air force's attempt to intercept the comet is broadcast on national television. Both of the nuclear warheads detonate behind the comet's nucleus, in its tail. Once it has been confirmed that the comet is still on course to hit the Earth, the network broadcast is interrupted with instructions from civil defense urging citizens of Phoenix to begin leaving the area immediately. Governor Ritchie, now understanding the real danger posed by the comet, resolves to withdraw the FCC protest against Sharon's station and takes to the airwaves to urge people to evacuate the city. The day of the comet's impact, Voight tells Jennifer to meet him in Tucson, so that they can go off to Mexico together. Jennifer begs him to go directly to Tucson with her, but he insists on taking some scientific equipment to the comet's projected impact point, to record atmospheric and seismic data from the impact. When he gets to the impact area, in the desert outside the city, he finds a large group of Pima Indians whose truck has broken down. Voight calls for help on his Citizens Band radio and is promised that choppers will pick them up as soon as possible. Not knowing if the help is really going to come, Voight gives the keys to his car to one of the adults in the stranded group, and after packing all the young children into the car, gives the man instructions to head away from the impact zone. Evacuees clog the roads leading out of Phoenix, and many of them pour into Sky Harbor Airport to catch flights out of the city. That includes Paul Gilliam, his wife Ellen , and their daughter Paula . When her parents leave their car to go into the airport terminal, Paula stays behind to look for some jewelry her mother has forgotten. This gives Paula the opportunity to get back to her boyfriend, Tom Reardon , a rough-and-tumble college student with whom she has a romantic relationship and of whom her father disapproves. Tom's grandmother  refuses to leave her home, and Tom is unwilling to leave her to face the comet's impact alone. Tom, Mrs. Reardon, and Paula begin preparing for the coming disaster. In the hours before impact, Stan Webster , who is leading a group of young boys  on a survival hike, finds out about the comet over the radio. With no shelter immediately available, Webster and the boys dig themselves into the desert floor and cover themselves with sleeping bags in a desperate attempt to survive the impact. Governor Ritchie and Elliott try to fly out of Phoenix, but air traffic control refuses clearance. Elliott orders the pilot to fly them out, which the pilot reluctantly tries to do. Their small aircraft bursts into flames after hitting a larger commercial plane, tearing the landing gear off the commercial plane and forcing it to be diverted to San Diego. Meanwhile, Ann Webster , who has been in the family station wagon looking for her husband and son, has broken down in the desert. David Allan, who had been drafted to help evacuate patients from a local hospital, takes refuge with them in the basement of a bank building downtown. Sharon Allan, who keeps her television station on the air until the last possible moment, rushes to the lowest levels of a parking garage with several members of her staff in the moments before impact. Jennifer Dreiser arrives safely in Tucson before the comet hits. The choppers never arrive to airlift Voight and the stranded Pima Indian adults out of the impact zone. As the comet makes its final approach, Voight looks up and sees the fire in the sky that he had warned so many people about. Voight and the others are all killed when the comet hits. Strong winds and earth tremors devastate Phoenix. The bank building's basement, though rattled by the impact, holds up and David survives. Sharon is abandoned by her colleagues when they think the parking garage is going to cave in. One of them eventually makes it to the bank building for medical treatment after the impact and tells David where Sharon is. David finds Sharon amidst the rubble of the garage, and after a tearful reunion, they vow to work on their struggling marriage. The Reardons and Paula Gilliam survive, too, though Mrs. Reardon's home is destroyed. Stan Webster and his son, riding to a refugee center with the rest of their hiking group through the desert in the back of a military truck, spot Ann Webster walking along with a small group of survivors. They jump off the truck and greet her with hugs, happy that she survived the impact."] ['Kyle Pratt  is an American engineer based in Berlin. After her husband David  fell off the roof of their building to his death, Kyle decides to bury him on Long Island, flying there with her six year-old daughter Julia  aboard a passenger aircraft which Kyle helped design. After falling asleep, Kyle wakes to find that Julia is missing. She begins to panic, and Captain Marcus Rich  is forced to conduct a search. As none of the passengers remember seeing her daughter, Julia has no register in either the Berlin airport or the passenger manifest, and Kyle cannot find Julia\'s boarding pass, Marcus and the other crew members suspect that Kyle has become unhinged by her husband\'s death, and has imagined bringing her daughter aboard. One flight attendant Stephanie  is exceptionally unsympathetic. Faced with the crew\'s increasing skepticism regarding her daughter\'s existence, Kyle becomes increasingly desperate. Because of her increasingly erratic, panicked behavior, air marshal Gene Carson  is ordered to guard and handcuff her. Marcus receives a wire from the hospital in Berlin that says Julia was with her father when he fell off the roof and also died of internal injuries. Kyle furiously denies it. The crew believes she is delusional. A therapist  on board tries to console her, causing Kyle to doubt her own sanity until she notices that a heart Julia had drawn earlier on the window next to her seat is real. Kyle is emboldened and convinces the therapist to let her use the bathroom. Instead of doing so, she climbs into the upper compartment and sabotages the aircraft\'s electronics, deploying the oxygen masks and interrupting lighting. She uses the chaos to take an elevator to the lower freight deck. She desperately searches for Julia and finally opens her husband\'s casket to which she emotionally breaks down. Carson finds her, puts her in handcuffs and escorts her back. Kyle makes a final plea to Carson that she needs to search the plane upon landing. Carson considers for a moment, then "goes to speak to the captain." He sneaks back into the freight deck to remove two explosives and a detonator concealed in David\'s casket, then climbs down to the avionics section, revealing Julia who is sleeping . He attaches the explosives to the side of the platform. At this point, it is revealed that Carson, Stephanie, and the coroner in Berlin  are part of a conspiracy. Carson tells the captain that Kyle is a hijacker and is threatening to blow up the aircraft unless the airline transfers $50,000,000 into a bank account. The conspirators killed Kyle\'s husband and abducted Julia in order to frame Kyle. Carson tells an unnerved Stephanie that he intends to blow up the aircraft, killing the unconscious Julia, and leave Kyle dead with the detonator in her hand. After making an emergency landing at Goose Bay Airport in Goose Bay, Labrador, Canada, the passengers exit the aircraft as the tarmac is surrounded by U.S. FBI agents. As the captain is leaving, Kyle runs to speak to him with Carson in tow. The captain demands she give up her charade having stated that $50,000,000 demanded by her has been paid. This is the singular moment she realises how she has been manipulated. Thinking quickly Kyle demands that Carson stay on board and the crew disembark. Carson hesitates and too realises that if he refuses then it would be seen that the charade would be his. As soon as the plane\'s door closes, Kyle knocks Carson unconscious, handcuffs him to a rail, and takes the detonator from his pocket. Stephanie comes out of hiding. Carson regains consciousness and fires at Kyle with a concealed gun, sending her running. He chases after Kyle shooting, until she locks herself in the cockpit. She opens a hatch door to the upper level and throws out a binder to fool him. Carson hears the upstairs thud and leaves. Kyle exits and encounters a guilt-ridden Stephanie. Stephanie panics and flees the plane. Kyle searches avionics and finds the unconscious Julia. Carson soon follows, and while searching, tells her how he gagged and dumped her daughter into the food bin. He disparages the people aboard who would never care enough to notice. Carson points his gun to where Julia lay before, but they\'re not there. He turns around and sees Kyle carrying Julia, with the detonator in hand. Carson shoots at her as she closes the door. She detonates the explosives, killing Carson. Everyone watches in shock and amazement as Kyle carries her daughter out onto the tarmac. Later, Marcus apologizes to a seated Kyle holding Julia in her arms. Stephanie is led away by FBI agents. Kyle carries Julia still unconscious through the crowd of passengers. Before loading her daughter into a van to take them away, Julia wakes up and sleepily asks "Are we there yet?" as they drive away.'] ["Womanizer and airline pilot Jack Gordon  must fly the world's fastest airliner from New York to California while dealing with dangerous jewel thieves on the run from the law."] ["A long-period comet is determined to have an orbit that brings it to a direct hit with Earth. All nuclear states fire missiles at the comet, however, each piece of the comet's debris continues to bombard the Earth's surface, contaminating the groundwater. The narrative follows David Dmatti  in his search for his wife Kate  and sick daughter Allison  who were initially quarantined in Las Vegas. David, finding her driver dead, revives Lynn  at a gas station and brings her along with him to Las Vegas. When they arrive, they learn most of the city was destroyed and the quarantined were transferred to Los Angeles, and David obtains the antidote. When it is discovered that the final and largest fragment is to hit Los Angeles, an evacuation is begun, but the quarantined are left behind. Lynn dies, leaving enough antidote for David's daughter when he and his family are soon reunited as the final fragment strikes the city below."] ["In an Eastern Orthodox church in Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina, an unidentified man  is murdered after receiving a note to meet someone outside. At a missile base in Chelyabinsk, Russia, SS-18 ICBMs are being decommissioned. Ten nuclear warheads are loaded onto a train and sent to a separate site for dismantling. However, a high-ranking Russian general, Aleksandr Kodorov, has other plans. Along with a rogue tactical unit, he kills all the soldiers on board the transport train and then transfers nine of the warheads to another train. Kodorov then activates the timer on the remaining warhead and sends the transport on a collision course with a passenger train. Minutes later, the 500-kiloton warhead detonates, killing the survivors and delaying an investigation. The detonation immediately attracts the attention of the US government. White House nuclear expert Dr. Julia Kelly  believes that Chechen terrorists are behind the incident. US Army Special Forces Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Devoe  interrupts her briefing to suggest that the crash and detonation were staged to hide the hijacking of the other warheads on board. A call to Devoe's long-time friend and Russian counterpart, Dimitri Vertikoff , adds credence to his hypothesis and he is assigned as Dr. Kelly's military liaison. Kelly and Devoe try to track the terrorists through an Austrian trucking company which is a front for the Russian Mafia. When the Mafia realizes they are U.S. government agents, they send thugs to kill them. Vertikoff, thinking he can pay them off, is killed. Devoe kills most of the would-be assassins, and he and Kelly escape. Information from the trucking company shows that the nukes are bound for Iran. Spy satellites place the truck in a traffic jam in Dagestan, and Devoe uses a ruse to identify it. The satellite, tracking in real time, is able to verify its license plate. Stopped at a checkpoint, Kodorov and his men kill the guards. Devoe then leads a special forces unit to stop them. Denied entry into Russian airspace, one of the helicopters is shot down by a Russian surface-to-air missile battery, but the remaining helicopters are able to locate the truck carrying the warheads. A gunfight ensues in which Kodorov is killed and the warheads are seized. Interrogation of the surviving member of the group reveals that one warhead was taken by another man. Further work on the information from the trucking company leads IFOR to a Sarajevo address. Inside is a video cassette of a Yugoslav named Dušan Gavrić . Gavrić disclaims any allegiance in the Yugoslav Wars , but blames other countries for supplying weapons to all sides in the war. Dr. Kelly realizes he intends to bomb a meeting at the UN headquarters in New York City and the city goes into lockdown. Gavrić arrives in Manhattan with the Bosnian diplomatic delegation. A flashback shows that Gavrić wants to avenge the death of his wife and daughter, who were killed in Sarajevo's Sniper Alley. He and his brother are finally found by the New York Police Department. His brother killed, a wounded Gavrić is followed into a parochial school and then a small church. Devoe confronts Gavrić, who commits suicide, knowing that the bomb is set to go off in a matter of minutes and cannot be deactivated. With only seconds to spare, Dr. Kelly is able to remove a part of the explosive lens shell of the bomb, preventing the primary explosion from establishing critical mass within the plutonium core. The explosion wrecks the church, but the warhead itself does not detonate. Devoe and Kelly both survive with minor injuries."] ["A series of tornadoes in West Tennessee cripple the Helman-Klein Nuclear Power Plant by damaging a power transformer and a generator. This leaves the plant with very little power to operate. As an operator shuts down non-vital systems, which include the electric pumps, a second tornado hits the plant, damaging the diesel pumps. Meanwhile Campbell Maguire ([[Daniel Costello , the plant supervisor's young son, is caught in the twisters. His babysitter is killed and he runs away towards the plant on his bike. When the diesel pumps fail, the staff try to restart the electric pumps, but they won't respond. The nuclear reactor overheats, causing coolant to evaporate from the waste pool, threatening to expose radioactive material. The staff attempt to initiate SCRAM procedures to try to shut down the nuclear reactor, but the computer fails to respond. An operator named Neville goes in to manually shut down the reactor, but is exposed to large amounts of radiation. He is successful, though, and the reactor is shut down, although he is presumably fatally injured by the radiation. Coolant is still rapidly evaporating from the waste pool, meaning the radioactive material will be exposed in half an hour. A local police officer named Jake , a friend of Corrine, searches for Campbell and finds him. Together they make their way to safety at Corinne's request. On the way they discover Jake's girlfriend, Ashley , trapped on a steep hillside in her car. Jake goes down to rescue her. Both Jake and Ashley are nearly killed when her car slides over the cliff but Campbell saves their lives, risking his own to do it when he is given an option to escape. Jake lauds Campbell as a hero and lets a relieved Corrine know of her son's survival and heroism. Firemen spraying water into the pool only slows the evaporation, however a disused diesel generator is found and they plan to hook it up to the electric pumps. They order some diesel fuel for it but the truck driver panics at the idea of driving in the adverse weather. Jake, a former truck driver, intercepts the fleeing truck driver and delivers the diesel to the plant himself. At the plant the heat is starting to prove too much for the firemen and they start to pass out while the water from the hoses is having very little effect. It is mere minutes before the waste pool will be completely exposed. Jake helps the firefighters while Corrine hooks up the fuel and attempts to start the generator. With the generator running the pumps restart and the waste pool starts to refill, and the crisis is averted. The plant is damaged, but stable. Campbell and Corrine are finally reunited as Jake and Ashley set a date to get married and Neville is led away, eventual fate uncertain although he likely dies of radiation poisoning as the characters said anyone who entered the reactor chamber would get a fatal dose."] ["The film centers around the family of a scientist, Dr. Nishiyama , who are essentially the same roles as those in the 1961 film. While the former film emphasized family melodrama, the new film reduced these scenes to a string, concentrating on hallucinogenic international imagery in a manner looking forward to such films as Koyaanisqatsi and Baraka. In the film, scientific advances cause an outbreak of giant slugs, oversized bats, children with genetic mutations enhancing their physical or mental abilities, and bizarre changes in weather, such as snow falling on the pyramids. The film gets bleaker and bleaker, until Dr. Nishiyama hypothesizes a scenario that re-edits the climactic war footage from The Last War, augmenting them with a scene of the surviving humans, looking like sufferers of neurofibromatosis, fighting over who gets to eat a snake. Also notable in the film is the symphonic score composed and conducted by Isao Tomita, with Tomita overdubbing his performances on a synthesizer as a solo instrument. Although the film does utilize stock footage, primarily drawn from the film's little-seen ur-film, the film has its own unique special effects. One shot in particular, featuring a chain reaction of exploding vehicles, can be seen in The Return of Godzilla, where the shot was printed in reverse. In this film, the shot is intercut with scenes of human tragedy, as a mad driver tries to force his way through a traffic jam."] ['{{Plot}} Architect Doug Roberts returns to San Francisco for the dedication of the Glass Tower, which he designed for owner James Duncan. At 138 stories , it is the world\'s tallest building. An electrical short in the upper floors starts a small fire in a storage room on the 81st floor, which goes undetected. Roberts confronts the building\'s electrical engineer, Duncan\'s son-in-law Roger Simmons, accusing him of cutting corners and taking a kickback. Simmons insists the building is up to standards, but Roberts knows the standards are not enough and demands to see the electrical specifications and wiring diagrams. During the dedication ceremony, with several dignitaries in attendance, public relations chief Dan Bigelow turns on the tower\'s exterior lights to impress them and the other 294 guests arriving for a party in the Promenade Room on the 135th floor. The lighting overloads the system and Roberts orders it shut off. The building\'s security guards see smoke from the fire on the 81st floor and summon the San Francisco Fire Department. Roberts and engineer Will Giddings head to the 81st floor. Giddings pushes a security guard to prevent him from opening the door to the burning room shortly before it explodes, severely burning himself. Roberts tells Duncan of the fire, who insists that the party continue, believing a fire on the 81st floor will not affect the party. Firemen begin fighting the fast-growing blaze unbeknownst to the party guests, using Roberts\' office on the 79th floor as a command post and the lobby as a mass casualty and staging area. SFFD 5th Battalion Chief Michael O\'Hallorhan takes charge and forces Duncan to evacuate the party guests. Everyone is directed to the express elevators. Party guest and building resident Lisolette Mueller, who was romanced at the party by con man Harlee Claiborne, is one of the first to leave. She heads to the 87th floor to check on a family with two children she babysits and their deaf mother. Simmons admits to Duncan that he changed Roberts\' electrical specifications, but at Duncan\'s insistence to stay under budget. Simmons asks Duncan how he saved the rest of the money in the building budget. Duncan is aided by Senator Parker and Mayor Ramsey in the evacuation. The fire then breaks through to the main elevator bay, rendering the express elevators unsafe. Duncan attempts to divert guests to the scenic elevators as an alternate escape route. However a panicked group of guests manage to get into one anyway. On the way down, it stops and opens directly into the fire the 81st floor, killing the occupants. The elevator then returns to the Promenade Room where the doors open and one man runs out engulfed in flames in view of the horrified guests reminding them that there is indeed a fire in the elevator shaft. Claiborne smothers the fatally-burned man with his tuxedo jacket, but it is too late. Bigelow and his secretary/mistress Lorrie are trapped in his office by a second fire on the 65th floor and killed . Security Chief Harry Jernigan and Roberts are then informed from the building\'s security station that Lisolette has been seen on a security monitor trying to get into the apartment on 87; the two men head up to assist. Jernigan takes the mother down to safety. Roberts and Mueller save the two children, but are halted after part of the stairwell explodes due to a ruptured gas line. They head up to the Promenade Room via a service elevator, but upon their arrival the stairwell door is sealed by spilled cement. Roberts escapes through a pipe shaft to alert security. Two firemen rescue Lisolette and the children by blowing open the door with C-4. Suppression by the fire department becomes nearly impossible as the building loses all electrical power, halting an elevator that O\'Hallorhan and his men are on, forcing them to rappel down the shaft. A rooftop helicopter rescue attempt results in further disaster when two women rush the aircraft, causing it to crash and explode due to the heavy winds, setting the roof ablaze. Naval Rescue teams attach a breeches buoy to the adjacent 102-story Peerless Building and rescue a number of guests, including Duncan\'s daughter and Simmons\' wife Patty. Roberts activates a gravity brake on the scenic elevator, enabling it to coast down to the lobby. Twelve people, including Roberts\' girlfriend Susan, Mueller and the children, together with a supervising fireman and others enter the elevator. As it descends, an explosion rips the elevator off its track at the 110th floor, leaving it hanging by a cable. Mueller falls to her death before the others are saved by a helicopter rescue by O\'Hallorhan. After all the women are evacuated in the breeches buoy, Simmons attempts to be the first man out. Duncan punches him in the gut, saying that everyone drew numbers and will all go when it\'s their turn, but that he will be the last man to leave, along with Simmons. However, as the fire reaches the Promenade Room, the remaining guests panic. Simmons forces his way onto the breeches buoy. Senator Parker tries to stop Simmons from getting on the buoy as it\'s not his turn. During the struggle, the buoy is taken out the window because of the combined weight of Senator Parker, Simmons, and two other men. Parker and another guest are pushed off of the buoy by Simmons to their deaths, but a few seconds later, an explosion destroys the rope holding the buoy, sending Simmons and the one other remaining guest still holding onto the buoy plummeting to their deaths. A desperate plan is hatched by the top SFFD Fire Chiefs to explode the million-gallon water tanks at the top of the building above the remaining people in the Promenade Room to try and extinguish the fire raging below. A reluctant O\'Hallorhan meets with Roberts and they set plastic C-4 to the six water tanks and the floors on the 138th floor, then return down to the Promenade Room. The remaining guests are ordered to tie themselves to heavy objects. O\'Hallorhan, Roberts, Duncan, Claiborne and most of the party-goers survive as the tanks are blown, sending thousands of gallons of water through the ceiling and throughout the building, extinguishing the flames. The torrent sweeps away those not securely tied down, including Mayor Ramsey. On the ground, Claiborne finds out through Jernigan that Mueller did not survive and is heartbroken, but is given her pet cat. Duncan consoles Patty over Simmons\' death. Roberts says to Susan that he does not know what will become of the building, but perhaps it should be left alone as "a kind of shrine to all the bullshit in the world". O\'Hallorhan says to Roberts that they were lucky tonight and that it could be much worse when fire safety is not taken into account. Roberts agrees to consult with O\'Hallorhan in the near future. The fire chief drives away, exhausted.'] ["The film opens with Baltimore firefighter Jack Morrison  saving a man's life in a massive 4-Alarm grain elevator/warehouse fire in the Canton waterfront neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland. However, the grain being stored in the warehouse explodes, sending Jack falling through several floors, landing and breaking his leg. The film follows the efforts of the other men in his unit, Ladder Company 49, led by the efforts of Deputy Chief Mike Kennedy , his longtime mentor, to rescue him while Jack tries to reach a safe area of the burning structure. Interspersed with the current rescue efforts are a series of flashbacks showing how Jack joined the fire department, his meeting with the woman who would become his wife , his relationship with his children and the bonds he formed, and trials and tribulations he endured with his fellow firefighters. After graduating from the fire academy, Jack is sent to work on BCFD Engine Company 33, which is quartered in a firehouse with Truck Company 49, where he learns the ropes about firefighting. He quickly becomes close friends with his fellow firefighters, including Mike Kennedy, his captain at the time. His first fire takes place at a burning rowhouse, where Engine 33 and Ladder 49 respond to. While there, he and Mike are the first firefighters to tackle the blaze and quickly extinguish it. After some time working with Engine 33, Jack is at the scene of a fire where a fellow firefighter from Ladder 49, Dennis Gauquin ([[Billy Burke  dies after falling through a roof of a burning vacant rowhouse. He decides, although it is more dangerous, to take his friend's position as a search and rescue member on Ladder 49 by transferring. He finds the work rewarding, but his wife is initially concerned for his safety and opposes the change; however, she eventually accepts his new role and even talks him out of taking an administrative position when it is offered to him by Mike. As the years go by, Jack suffers some traumatic experiences, including rescuing a man from the ledge of a burning high-rise building in Downtown Baltimore, and witnessing another friend's severe injury following a steam explosion at an industrial fire. On Christmas Eve, Jack and the members of Engine 33 and Ladder 49 respond to a burning apartment building. Jack is able to break through to a small girl trapped in an engulfed apartment, but is trapped himself briefly before being rescued by fellow Firefighter Lenny Richter . Both firefighters receive the department's Medal of Valor for their actions. Back at the grain building fire, Jack's fellow firefighters become extremely determined to rescue him and Jack does his best to reach the possible safe area that Mike told him about. However, upon reaching that room he sees that the only exit is cut off by raging flames and Jack realizes that his situation is hopeless. He radios Mike to pull his men back, so no-one else will be hurt while trying to rescue him. Mike reluctantly agrees and Jack accepts his fate to die in the fire, devastating Mike. At Jack's funeral, Mike delivers an emotional eulogy which ends with a standing ovation, in celebration of Jack's life, from friends and family in attendance. Jack's body is then carried to his resting place with full honors on the back of Engine 33. The film ends with Mike and his fellow firefighters going on a call and a final shot of him and Jack coming out of Jack's first ever burning building."] ['Yankee lawyer John Reynolds  and Southern Belle Julie Mirbeau  meet and fall in love on a riverboat going to New Orleans in the Gay Nineties. Upon arrival they are met by Julie\'s father  who runs the popular Louisiana State Lottery Company and Reynold\'s Aunt Blanche  who is a key figure in the anti-Lottery forces hoping Wayne as State\'s Attorney will end the Lottery. Correctly gauging the situation as "playing Romeo and Juliet", Wayne is invited to the Mirbeau mansion where Julie and her father explain that not only are the people of New Orleans fun loving and like gambling such as the Lottery, but the Lottery funds many charitable institutions such as hospitals and levees for the river. Unknown to General Mirbeau is his assistant Blackie\'s  protection rackets and murders of lottery winners through his army of thugs led by Cuffy Brown . The Lottery forces also have information sources in the State\'s Attorney\'s office that reveals every move Wayne has planned to raid illegal activities as well as corrupting judges and other officials through their brothels. The battle between the two forces esclates leading into a climax of lightning striking and destroying a courthouse where a trial is going on and a break in the levees during torrential rains that flood the city.'] ["A devastating flood strikes London when the Thames Barrier is overwhelmed by a huge surge of water. A storm surge travels between the United Kingdom and mainland Europe, raising sea levels and coinciding with the spring tide. Several parts of Scotland are devastated, including Wick. The Met Office's head forecaster, Keith Hopkins, mistakenly believes the storm will head towards Holland and is guilt-ridden after Professor Leonard Morrison proves that the approaching surge of water will break through the Thames Barrier and flood central London. Leonard had focused his life around the belief that the barrier was built in the wrong area, to a bitter man. Deputy Prime Minister Campbell, in charge while the prime minister is away, declares a state of emergency. He begins to evacuate civilians from London before the water hits. He is assisted by Police Commissioner Patricia Nash, Major General Ashcroft and others. The Thames barrier is raised, but the huge wave of water overwhelms the barrier and sweeps into the city. Rob and his wife Sam, both expert engineers, jump into the Thames to escape. Leonard is saved by a military helicopter and taken to Whitehall, where the authority figures desperately require his assistance in finding a way to handle this emergency. Rob and Sam end up in the London Underground with other survivors. They are led to higher ground by two underground workers, Bill and Zack, but a fast-moving current of water kills Bill. The group find themselves in the flooded Trafalgar Square, where Rob and Sam are able to contact Leonard. They end up returning with him to the barrier, where Leonard believes the water flow can be reversed back out of London, as the tide has turned and the water level is starting to go down. But the military's Ashcroft disagrees and prepares to destroy the barrier with an air strike. Hopkins, feeling even more guilty when thousands of corpses are shown on a news report, quietly disappears and is later reported by Ashcroft to be dead, an apparent suicide. Nash is at odds with Ashcroft, wanting to give the Morrisons a chance to remedy the situation, while also distraught over her own two missing daughters. Rob, Sam and Leonard discover the controls to the Thames barrier are now underwater. One can activate them, but likely will not survive the effort. Rob and Sam try to decide which of them should go, but Leonard leaves on the suicide mission behind their backs. He saves London by activating the barrier's controls before running out of air whilst underwater. Campbell is informed that the Thames barrier has been activated and orders the air strike to be aborted. Rob and Sam lower the Thames barrier and the water flows back out of London."] ["David Koch , a climatologist employed by Inter Sci, proposes a theory that the last ice age was triggered by Earth's polar shift in a single day. When unusually cold weather strikes Miami and the birds start to return from the south a few months earlier, he is sent to Antarctica to find out what is happening. Once there, he discovers a frozen body of a human that is at least 10,000 years old. What is interesting is his appearance—he looks as if he was instantly frozen in place. He also discovers cave paintings that show the sun falling down. A sudden blizzard then destroys a base camp and kills some members of his team. Back in Miami, he presents his findings to his co-workers and his boss. He claims that another polar shift is only a couple of hours away and the new ice age is inevitable. However, nobody believes him. According to the current theories, the shifting of the poles should last at least 200 years so the climate changes, if any, wouldn't appear overnight. David's one-time love Bryn  supports his theory with numerous stories about the falling sun followed by a darkness and terrible cold. When the weather in Miami starts getting colder and colder, the evacuation is ordered and the people start to move to the north. David, Bryn, and a group of people miss the chance to escape, and their only hope is to hide in a special room at Inter Sci. In a couple of hours, everything from 30° north and south of the equator turns to absolute zero  turning the Southern United States, Mexico, Central America, north of South America, and Africa into an ice desert. They manage to survive although everything is frozen outside the room. When the polar shift is over and the sun appears again, they are rescued. As a consequence of polar shift, many people die and the world's climate changes completely—Florida is completely frozen, Northern Canada and Siberia become hot deserts; Greenland, Iceland, Northern Europe, New York, Alaska, and Antarctica now have a tropical climate."] ['Following the events in Category 6: Day of Destruction, the superstorm that hit Chicago is continuing to grow in size and strength, with tornadoes hitting Paris and destroying the Eiffel Tower. Judith Carr , the new head of FEMA struggles to coordinate efforts to prepare for the aftermath of the storm and provide aid to ravaged areas. She calls in her former college lover, Dr. Ross Duffy , and her father Senator Ryan Carr  to help her try to determine what is causing the storms and how to deal with the political issues. Tommy Tornado , who survived his seeming death in the previous film, returns to aid in tracking the storm in the United States, assisted by scientist Faith Clavell . Similar storms are developing around the country and an interaction between urban heat islands and "falling chunks of mesosphere" fuels the storms making them more powerful. Hurricane Eduardo strikes toward Florida while the Category 6 storm hits Buffalo and heads towards New York City. During these catastrophic events, two Christian fundamentalists  fake the arrival of the plagues of Egypt to lure in new converts, culminating in their kidnapping of the first-born children of Judith Carr and other high-ranking officials. When Tommy and Faith get their data to FEMA when in New York, Judith realizes that Hurricane Eduardo is heading towards Washington, D.C. and the Category 6 storm in New York is heading in the same direction. When both storms collide with the mesosphere, it turns into a "Category 7" hurricane, obliterating anything in its path. The force of the storm is so massive, that a category 7 could potentially cause a global catastrophe, possibly leading to the apocalypse .'] ['July 5 begins as a normal winter morning near Auckland, New Zealand. At 6:12 a.m., the Sun darkens for a moment, and a red light surrounded by darkness is briefly seen. Zac Hobson  is a scientist working for Delenco, part of an international consortium working on "Project Flashlight", an experiment to create a global energy grid. He awakens abruptly; when he turns on his radio, he is unable to receive any transmissions. Zac gets dressed and drives into the deserted city. Investigating a fire, he discovers the wreckage of a passenger jet, but there are no bodies, only empty seats. He enters his underground laboratory; a monitor displays the message "Project Flashlight Complete". The mass disappearance seems to coincide with the moment Flashlight was activated. He notes on his tape recorder: :"Zac Hobson, July 5th. One: there has been a malfunction in Project Flashlight with devastating results. Two: it seems I am the only person left on Earth." From this point onward, Zac refers to the crucial moment and its result as "The Effect". After several days, his mental state begins to deteriorate. He puts on a woman\'s slip and alternates between exhilaration and despair. Eventually he breaks down altogether. He assembles cardboard cutouts of famous people  and addresses them from a balcony. He declares himself "President of this Quiet Earth", then goes on a rampage. He later bursts into a church, shoots the crucifix and announces that he is God. After accidentally crushing an empty pram, he puts the barrel of a shotgun in his mouth, but changes his mind when he witnesses an explosion resulting from his destruction. He settles into a more normal routine. One morning, a young woman named Joanne  appears. Zac is attracted to her, but she does not appear to reciprocate. While scouring the countryside for other survivors, they try to determine why they survived. They find a third survivor, a large Māori man named Api . The three determine why they survived: at the instant of The Effect, they were all at the moment of death—Api was being drowned in a fight, Joanne was electrocuted by a faulty hairdryer, and Zac had overdosed on pills in a suicide attempt. He had realized there were serious dangers with the experiment and was guilt-ridden for not speaking out. A love triangle develops, but Zac is more concerned about his observations: several universal physical constants are changing, causing the Sun\'s output to fluctuate. Zac fears that The Effect will occur again and decides to destroy the Delenco facility in an attempt to stop it. The three put aside their personal conflicts and drive a truckload of explosives to the installation, only to be stopped at the perimeter when Zac detects high levels of ionising radiation that could detonate the explosives prematurely. He goes back to town to retrieve a remote control for the truck. While Zac is gone, Joanne and Api have sex. Afterward, Api tells Joanne that he will sacrifice himself by driving the truck; he doubts that Zac\'s device will be capable of controlling the vehicle. They then see that Zac has reached the same conclusion. He drives the truck onto the weakened roof of the laboratory, which collapses. Just as The Effect reaches a maximum, he triggers the explosives. Once again a red light is seen surrounded by the dark tunnel. Zac finds himself lying face down on a beach. There are strange cloud formations, resembling waterspouts, rising out of the ocean. As he walks to the water\'s edge, an enormous ringed planet slowly appears over the horizon. Zac stares in disbelief, then realises he\'s still holding his tape recorder. He lifts it up as if to speak, then lowers it, completely bewildered.  The precise meaning of the final scene is left to the audience. In the DVD commentary, the director suggests a recurrence of The Effect because of Zac\'s second death. But he also allows a lapsed-Catholic colleague\'s idea of a second term in Purgatory. In any case, he says that "a little obscurity" is a good thing.'] ["Strange things start happening beginning with the disappearance of the Black Sea which is engulfed by a crater created by an earthquake. Officials find that all this is happening according to Doomsday Prophecy novel by Rupert Crane who had beforehand written novels about many disasters which had happened before. Eric is called and sent to collect the manuscript of the recent novel from Crane. Afterwards Brooke receives call from Crane calling her to meet him. Eric is first to reach but finds Crane dead. By accident he touches a rod held in Crane's hand and sees visions of future. Brooke arrives shortly but blames Eric for murdering Crane. They find a video recording by Crane telling them he foresaw what was about to happen and give them precise instruction for their work. Following the clues, they discover that the rod is part of an ancient device similar to the Moai statues of Easter Island; when the rod is inserted into the head of one of the statues, it will trigger an 'anti-doomsday' machine that will ward off the gravitational forces being generated by a distant dying star. Despite a general's attempt to interfere with their actions in the belief that he can shape a new world from the survivors- during which it is revealed that Crane was Eric's father-, the assistance of FBI agents who had been tracking Eric and Brooke buys Eric enough time to place the rod and activate the device."] ['The film opens with Jean Novalic  playing Jesus Christ in a passion play. Isabelle Bolin  attends with her boyfriend stock promoter Schomburg  who is entranced by the blonde actress playing Mary Magdalene, Genevieve de Murcie . Genevieve defies her scientist father Monsieur de Murcie  to propose to Jean, who tells her that they cannot marry. Back home, Genevieve\'s father, jealous of the wealthy Martial Novalic \'s fame, accepts money from Schomburg to build an observatory better than Novalic\'s. Schomburg then announces his intention to court de Murcie\'s daughter. As Jean aids a young woman being abused, he is accused of rape and is critically wounded by a blow to the head. Schomburg accompanies Genevieve to a fancy party, but takes her back to her apartment and rapes her. In his observatory, Martial detects the Lexell\'s Comet is on a collision course with Earth. Jean himself begins to predict a coming apocalypse, and claims that the cataclysm has arrived to "save the hearts of man". Martial confides to his colleagues that the comet will strike in 114 days. After Jean is taken to an asylum, Martial and Genevieve listen to his phonographs which instruct Genevieve to abandon her worldly life and help Martial inaugurate a new World Government. Jean\'s voice tells them they must marry and become the shepherd and shepherdess of humanity. Genevieve sees a vision of Jean as Christ. With 92 days left, Schomburg invests heavily in armaments while Martial goes to the rich Werster and tells him that the world will end. Motivated to help, Werster deals with Schomburg and gives Martial money to buy a newspaper and a broadcast station. Genevieve has remained single but helps to organize Radio Martial Novalic\'s broadcasts of peace bulletins. Martial\'s confederates jam official radio news, blocking warnings that war mobilization is imminent. Martial announces the coming end of the world. Stock markets plunge around the globe but Schomburg continues to buy. De Murcie and Schomburg accuse Novalic of kidnapping Genevieve and using the Comet as a hoax to destroy the economy. A government minister orders the exchanges closed and the arrest of Martial and Werster. But Martial\'s agents learn of the arrest warrant with a hidden microphone. The newspaper is confiscated and the radio station destroyed, and Martial and Werster escape. The government hides the truth which allows the stock market to recover. Schomberg holds a party the very night Martial claims that the Comet will become visible. Schomnberg tells gangsters he\'ll pay a million Francs if Martial and Werster are found dead before morning. Genevieve returns to her father and joins Schomburg in the garden; the jealous Isabelle runs to warn Martial Novalic. At the party, the comet comes into sight. Isabelle helps Martial escape and learns that war mobilization will soon be announced. He and Werster rush to destroy the government\'s radio antenna in the Eiffel Tower. Genvieve tips off Martial by telephone that Schomburg and his killers are ascending in an elevator. Werster warns Genevieve to stay on the ground and uses a cutting torch to sever the elevator cable, but Genevieve had taken the elevator as well and is killed with the rest. The world can now see the Lexell\'s Comet with their own eyes, and Radio Novalic resumes broadcasting. Martial calls for the first convention of the "General States of the Universe" on August 5, the night before the collision. People around the world begin to pray as the comet looms larger in the sky and extreme weather ensues including blizzards, storms, tidal waves. Riots break out and a thousand elite revelers bring musicians into a great hall for a feast and orgy. Monks carrying candles interrupt the orgy and lead the group in prayer. As the orbits of the Comet and the earth converge, Martial Novalic addresses the One World Congress, which unanimously agrees to unite all governments into a single harmonious entity. The Lexell\'s Comet narrowly misses the earth. Much of the world has been reduced to rubble, but life will go on.'] ['A volcano beneath New York City  seems unlikely... yet nothing else can explain the bizarre tremors and terrifying explosions wreaking havoc on the city. Tunnel digger Matt MacLachlan  head of the team of "Sandhogs"  has witnessed lava seeping into the city\'s aqueduct system and knows the unimaginable truth. A group of tramps trying to keep warm in Central Park near a heat vent all die from carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide poisoning. A boat in the harbour is caught in a venting and explodes. The FBI Terror Task Force appears looking for the imagined terrorists who killed the tramps and blew up the boat. Matt is taken off of the digging as some of his men were badly injured or killed and there is a need to investigate. Pipes which were supposed to carry water are filled with steaming acid thanks to the volcano. He meets Susan who he was married to for three years previously and who has been sent to interview him on what happened and convinces her that there is something seriously wrong in tunnel number three. Together they sneak down into the tunnels which have been sealed off and she sees enough to believe him. Doctor Andrew Levering  has been conducting a geo-thermal energy experiment which has triggered the volcanic activity as his project drills below seven miles into the earth in a secret location hidden in a warehouse in downtown New York. Neil Kavanagh and others are financing this project but since there has been no results they are ready to stop the funding forcing Levering to take more chances to produce instant results. Matt and Susan go to the Mayor but her boss Reed lets her down and Kavanagh who is there also manages to make the idea of a volcano look impossible so the Mayor dismisses them. Shortly afterwards a Home Owner opens the door to his house to be buried by a stream of molten lava. The whole block of houses go up in flames with 72 people missing, presumed dead and the Mayor begins to wonder while Agent Walters of the FBI\'s TTF is given leave to do whatever he has to do. Using a hand-held thermal detector, Matt and Susan drive around the suspected area and find unnatural heat coming from a warehouse. They enter but Matt is recognised by Levering who has them bound as prisoners. In an effort to produce results, Levering goes too far and the workers start to desert as flames leap from the drill hole. He tries to seal it but is badly burned by the flames. Meanwhile, Matt and Susan manage to escape as the unleashed lava causes the warehouse to blow up. Levering\'s latest efforts are seen on the streets of New York as lava spouts out of manholes and buildings catch alight, killing thousands and causing untold damage. The Mayor sees what is happening from his office and Kavanagh reluctantly admits his part. He decides on an evacuation of the city. But all is not lost as Matt has an idea which he puts to his work crew. An explosion in the right place will divert the lava along the city\'s aqueduct tunnels and into the nearby sea. The race is then on to do it in time, but Levering - who survived his burns and is now stalking the streets of the city with a gun - learns of their plans via a television broadcast that also announced over one thousand counts of murder to be handed down against him. The deranged doctor follows the team into the tunnels and faces Matt and Susan as they attempt to set the charges necessary to open the tunnels. Delusively believing that his project is still viable, Levering shoots Matt, but one of his shots goes astray and destabilizes the wall, releasing steam that blinds him. Matt and Susan escape the tunnels just in time to avoid the lava flow, while Levering is killed in the eruption. Their plan works and the city is saved. The film was filmed on location in Times Square, Midtown Manhattan, Manhattan, New York City, New York.'] ["The film takes place in Tokyo in 2003, where two reporters - Sarah Sullivan  and Erin Lynch  - have arrived from the United States to document unusual seismic disturbances that have been picked up around Tokyo. The disturbances are originally thought to be aftershocks left over from a supposed massive earthquake on the Kanto Fault that occurred two years previously, causing hundreds of thousands of casualties and several hundred billion dollars in damage, although careful analysis of the evidence suggests otherwise. As time goes on, all of Tokyo begins to suffer from abnormal earth tremors similar to those registered in 2005, but the tremors are found not to be caused by an earthquake, but by a gigantic octopus that has been dormant for centuries, but has since been awakened by mankind, and now sees Tokyo as a new feeding-ground, with the filmmakers documenting the catastrophe as it unfolds. It starts as Sarah and Erin are talking about filming Tokyo. The scene then switches to the interior of Sarah's car as the two drive to LAX, to catch their flight to Tokyo. In Tokyo they rent a hotel room, and, the next day, Erin films Sarah talking with the global warming minister. During the interview, an earthquake strikes and the scene again switches to the reporters in the basement of the environmental building trying to find someone who can speak English. Eventually, they find Justin - a worker - who is from America as well. He says that they have to go to the American embassy, and, as they flee, they hear the sounds of panic and plane engines from a tunnel. Later, they find a mall, and another earthquake occurs. In the chaos, Justin is impaled by a pole as the reporters flee in panic. Some small text appears on the screen saying that tape #3 was damaged. As the reporters run toward a mall they find a woman and her grandfather, and they eat and sleep, Sarah not realizing she had left the camera turned on. Then, another earthquake begins and kills the grandfather as the woman tells the reporters to flee. They hear the mall explode as they run away and soon find a building which they enter. They have gone upstairs when the building suddenly collapses. The reporters survive, but, unfortunately, the collapse damaged the camera lens. Night arrives and they see helicopters ready to save refugees, but a tentacle destroys them and proceeds to throw cars at the people, killing many of them. Panic ensues and Eric abandons Sarah but a tentacle slams into the ground where Erin is and she is wounded. Additionally, the camera's batteries are running low. Sarah cries for Eric as the crash of a tentacle hitting the ground is heard, ending the film, indicating that the reporters were crushed by the monster and were among the thousands, if not millions, killed."] ["It's the 22nd Century , and mankind's population has exponentially expanded beyond Earth's handling. Therefore, humans now live throughout the Solar System and the total population has gone well over 18 billion. As a result, there's a severe energy crisis for planets further out from the sun and plans to turn Jupiter into a second sun have been set into motion. However, markings are found on Mars that indicates that alien life lives in Jupiter and the J.S. Project  is put on hold. Meanwhile, rogue members of the radical environmentalist group Jupiter Church attempt to sabotage the J.S. Project. In an ironic twist of fate, the head engineer of the J.S. Project, Eiji Honda, discovers that his ex-lover Maria is one of the radicals planning on sabotaging the project. At the same time, a satellite carrying two crew members is destroyed by a black hole heading straight to the center of the Solar System. This black hole could destroy humanity in one fell swoop once it collides into the sun. However, Jupiter is near the black hole's path. The engineers of the J.S. Project decide to change their plan and shoot Jupiter into the black hole, thereby altering the hole's path and potentially save the galaxy's inhabitants. However, time is short...."] ["San Francisco becomes a target for waves of destructive meteors after a rogue comet orbits around the earth. For astro-physicist, Dr. Michelle Young , what was meant to be a once-in-a-lifetime celestial event, soon turns into her worst nightmare as thousands of meteors break the surface of the atmosphere and bombard the city of San Francisco. Scientists and the military team up to repel the onslaught. Military contacts Michelle Young to investigate this extinction-level event, to determine what's causing the seemingly targeted strikes. Meanwhile, Colonel Tom Young  is responsible for Massive evacuation of the Bay area. Michelle discovers that Element 120, designated Unbinilium is found to be the main cause of meteors targeting the city of San Francisco area which millions of years ago was hit and had Unbinilium at the bottom of the sea bed. She immediately reports Colonel Jack Clancey  about Unbinilium and also mentions that the radiant of the meteor shower is in Cassiopeia. Unfortunately they discover that a gigantic asteroid coined as Apophis is on a collision course with Earth. Michelle checks Apophis' trajectory and realize that it will indeed hit the Earth. Their numbers show that Apophis will hit in San Francisco bay within about 4 hours. With each passing storm, things deteriorate. Michelle and Colonel Jack Clancey informs Gen. Brock ([[Kevin McNulty  of assistance needed from the Russians as US satellites won't be in position to launch ICBM's but Russian satellites are. They acquaint the president about it who starts negotiating with Russian president on phone. Time is running out and president orders that the ICBM be launched immediately. The United States military launches ICBM to destroy the asteroid and the planet is saved from complete annihilation."] ['Passengers on a plane headed from the Midwest to the West Coast  get quite ill after eating the chicken pot pie entree. Both pilots also ate the chicken. A man who has not flown since the Vietnam War  is reluctantly pressed into flying the plane, where he makes a very neurotic, but survivable landing. The theme would be used again in Airplane!, which was a spoof of the movie classic Zero Hour!.'] ['Govindarajan Ramaswamy , a bio-scientist speaks from the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium about the Chaos theory and the Butterfly effect. He begins by reciting events from the 12th century in Chidambaram, where king Kulothunga Chola II , a saivite, tortures vaishnavites and intends to destroy an idol of Govindaraja. Rangarajan Nambi , a vaishnavite, protects it and offends the king, resulting in being submerged into the sea with the idol. In December 20, 2004, a bio-technology lab in the USA designs a virus intended as a bio-weapon. After understanding its potential, Dr. Govind, one of the scientists involved, refuses to give it away due to fear of misuse. However, his boss, Dr. Sethu, has other plans and tries to sell it to a terrorist group when Govind flees with it. Christian Fletcher , an ex- CIA, follows him and attempts to seize the weapon, when it is sent to India by accident. Govind sneaks into the aircraft carrying the virus and changes its location. After arriving in India, he is questioned by Balram Naidu , an inspector. He unsuccessfully tries to explain the series of incidents, but to no avail. In the meantime, Fletcher, who has married Jasmine , and arrived in India, using her as a translator, threatens Govind and takes him away in a jeep with a police officer. After exiting the city, Govind successfully escapes from Fletcher to Chidambaram. Fletcher follows suit, after getting a cab, along with Jasmine. After Govind attempts to persuade the receivers of package carrying the virus, it finds itself inside an idol of Govindaraja. In the chaos, Jasmine dies in an accident. Govind and Andal , who is the grand-daughter of Krishnaveni , an old woman for whom the package was sent, try to run away from Fletcher, and arrive in a ground where illegal sand miners are working. They sneak out, unnoticed after the interference of Vincent Boovaragan , a radical Christian, and save a Muslim family from a car-crash in the process. One of them, a lady, faints suddenly and is taken to a hospital, where Govind procures a cooling box to store the weapon, as it is technically unstable and its temperature needs to be maintained. He meets Avatar Singh , a pop singer, who is also there for treatment of his throat cancer. He prescribes medicines in a similar-looking box and before leaving the hospital, unknowingly switches places with Govind’s box. Fletcher, follows them, takes Andal and the Muslim family as hostage into their house, from where Govind is blackmailed to bring back the box he is carrying. Unable to do anything, he reaches the place, only to find out that Avatar Singh must be having the weapon. The police surround the house, forcing Fletcher, Govind and Andal to flee in a jeep. Shinghen Narahsi , a Japanese martial arts expert, whose sister had been killed by Fletcher, follows them. Avatar Singh finishes his supposedly last performance and finds out the blunder in the box, only to find himself shot by Fletcher after having a row. Govind and Andal flee to reach a construction site, where Govind takes out the weapon before giving the idol to Fletcher. The sun dawns on December 26, 2004. Govind gets an idea from drainage workers to immerse the virus in a large quantity of salt to destroy it. He goes to the sea, only to be stopped by Fletcher. Shinghen Narahasi arrives and fights physically with Fletcher, who opens and swallows the virus in humiliation. Suddenly, a tsunami strikes, washing away Fletcher, and causing heavy amounts of destruction to the coast. Poovaragan’s house is struck and he dies in a car after saving a child. Andal, Govind and Narahasi get into a boat. Krishnaveni arrives and begins to cry after perceiving Poovaragan as her long-lost son. After relief measures are taken, Andal argues that god had given the tsunami to get rid of the weapon. Govind responds by asking if god would destroy hundreds of lives. The idol submerged in the twelfth century surfaces. The scene shifts to the stadium, where Avatar Singh, who had his cancerous growth taken away by the shot he received, along with several others, listening to the speech by Govind, as the credits roll.'] ["Late one night, near Billings, Montana, a gas tanker is driving by when a small meteor suddenly hits in front of the truck. The driver attempts to swerve out of the way, but loses control and overturns and the tanker explodes, causing a massive fire. The next morning, the fire is burning out of control and it is reported that the tanker was hit by a lightning bolt. With the area evacuated, FEMA Director Jack Wallach , and a colleague, Adam Marquez  are flying via helicopter over the area, inspecting the fire, when they notice that two people are still in the area. It's a man on the roof of his house, trying to save it, despite his wife's protests. Jack and Adam land and take the woman aboard, despite her angry protest in concern of her husband. Her husband starts to suffer from smoke inhalation when Jack manages to get him aboard the helicopter. Jack just barely manages to escape as a propane tank causes a massive explosion and destroys the home. They escape. Later that evening, at the National Observatory in Boulder, Colorado, Dr. Lily McKee , the Observatory's director, is observing a comet which is going to pass by Earth on the 4th of July. Later on, when she goes home and looks at some photos, she sees what she believes are asteroids. The next day, she informs Jack and Adam of the possibility of an impact and calls them in. She tells them of two asteroids: Helios and Eros, whose orbits have been disrupted by the comet and may hit the Earth. Helios would hit with the force of 1,000 Hiroshima bombs and generate temperatures five times hotter than the Sun in the area of impact. Everything within a 150-mile radius would be destroyed and the impact would also spray molten rock another 70 miles. Eros is four miles across and would cause a global ecological disaster if it did indeed hit. Then, Max Jenson , one of Lily's assistants, informs Lily, Jack and Adam that Helios is getting closer to the Earth and that the observatory in Mauna Kea, Hawaii had picked up some smaller asteroids that the National Observatory cannot see and they believe that a small one hit Montana. Jack and Adam realize that the fire was indeed caused by an asteroid impact. Later on, Lily and Max check Helios' trajectory and realize that it will indeed hit the Earth. Their numbers show that Helios will hit in the Kansas City area within about 48 hours. They tell the president about it and he orders that the city be evacuated ASAP. Ultimately a fragment of Helios strikes a dam in the Kansas City area, causing flooding in the city. Wallach, who drives into the city to rescue two stranded firefighters and a drunk driver who struck their vehicle, gets caught in the flood. He and the firefighters survive, but the drunk driver dies. Unfortunately it is discovered Eros will hit also and will be an extinction-level event. The United States attempts to destroy Eros using lasers mounted on three jet fighter aircraft. The lasers on two of the aircraft work, but the third is damaged when the jet carrying it takes off and climbs to altitude through a violent storm. The attack on Eros is partially successful. Instead of destroying the asteroid, the lasers break it up into many smaller pieces. Several fragments from Eros hit Dallas, where Lily's son and Lily's father are. The city is devastated by the impacts. Lily desperately searches the city for her father and son who survive, but her father ends up trapped and hurt and her son Elliot wanders off trying to find help. After a search, Lily locates her father and with the help of nearby firemen, rescues him, but goes on to try to rescue Elliot while the soldier who accompanied her goes back to base, although a fireman does accompany her. The two search the ruined city and finally locate Elliot in a large impact crater created by the largest fragment. Jack shows up to help in a helicopter, having learned their location from Lilly's former escort. He rescues Elliot and the four return to base where they watch the comet pass by Earth and are relieved it won't return to cause trouble for another 4,000 years."] ['First part of the film tells about personal lives of the air crew, their problems and relationships. One of the pilots needed to exchange a promising career to the less ambitious one because of the family. He have done but the wife feels he is not happy that makes her a very conflicting and angry partner as well. While both parents love their son, this does not protect the family from divorce. The pilot, however, returns to work with the large passenger planes he was missing. Another pilot is not believing into family at all - his own flat is full of impressive self-made light effects and son et lumière that he uses to attract new and new women just for night. The second, dramatic part lands the Tu-154 Aeroflot airplane in city of "Bidri" located somewhere in Middle East in Caucasus. The city gets destroyed by an earthquake, and the damaged runway is no longer suitable for regular take off . Still, there is no other way as to fly because the airport will soon be buried by the coming avalanche. The experienced crew captain decides to take advantage that this is a mountain airport and the plane can actually fly down rather than up near immediately after it leaves the runway. In addition, the warning "not ready for flight" appears in the dashboard but the plane manages to take off at the last moment. The captain insists on rapid, but full take off protocol, checking the aircraft following the rules. It might be that his idea is to calm the crew, setting it the normal work. While taking off in the immediate proximity of the avalanche, the plane undergoes severe damage: an airport projector is jammed in the altitude controls and the tail section is cracked. The two previously described pilots volunteer to repair the plane\'s tail and rudder. They return severely wounded and covered by ice crust. Panic rose, but the captain again manages to calm the situation, asking stewardess to deliver coffee like usual. During landing in Moscow the crew discovers that the brakes are not working well enough to stop the plane in the heavy rain conditions. The captain commands his crew to turn on the thrust reversal, ripping off the tail. The now detached tail burns but the remainder of the plane stays away from fire and all people on board escape. During the next medical certification the aged captain does not get further permission to fly due to heart problems. He is shown accepting this very heavily and does not show the former coolness and self-control the he demonstrated while leading the crash-landing plane. Hence all three figures  behave as much more mature personalities under extremal circumstances than in their ordinary daily life.'] ["The film takes place in a single day and night. The film opens with the two main characters, Harry  and Julie , meeting at the La Brea Tar Pits and immediately falling in love. After spending the afternoon together, they make a date to meet after her shift ends at midnight at a local coffee shop, but a power failure means Harry's alarm fails to wake him and Julie leaves for home. When Harry awakes that night he realizes what's happened and rushes to the shop, arriving at 4 AM. Harry tries to call Julie on a pay phone, but only reaches her answering machine, where he leaves an apology. When the phone rings moments later he picks it up, hearing a frantic man telling his dad that nuclear war is about to break out in less than seventy minutes. When Harry finally gets a chance to talk and asks who's calling, the caller realizes he has dialled the wrong area code. Harry then hears him being arrested and presumably shot. Harry, confused and not entirely convinced of the reality of the information, wanders back into the diner and tells the other customers what he's heard. One of the diners, a mysterious businesswoman  named Landa, calls a number of politicians in Washington on her Motorola DynaTAC and finds that they are all visiting South America at the same time. This convinces her that the information is most likely correct and she immediately charters several private jets out of LAX to an American base in a region in Antarctica with no rainfall. Most of the customers and staff leave with her in the owner's delivery van. Harry, unwilling to leave without Julie, arranges to meet at the airport and jumps from the truck. Harry is helped and hindered by various strangers, who are initially unaware of the impending apocalypse. When he finds Julie and later tells her, she notes that there is no confirmation of the attack. Desperate to reach the airport, Harry finds a helicopter pilot  and tells him to meet them on the roof of the Mutual Benefit Life Building. Julie has also tried to find a pilot on her own, and in the moments it takes to find her, Los Angeles descends into violent chaos. There is still no confirmation any of this is real, and Harry wonders if he has sparked a massive false panic in the example of Chicken Little. When they reach the top of the Mutual Benefit building they find the pad empty, and the roof manned only by a yuppie  taking every drug he can find. Any doubts about a false alarm are eliminated when a warhead can be seen streaking across the sky. As they fear the end, the helicopter suddenly returns with the pilot badly wounded but fulfilling his promise to come back for them. After they lift off from the roof, several warheads hit and the EMP from the detonations causes the helicopter to crash into the La Brea Tar Pits. As the helicopter sinks and the cabin fills with water, Harry tries to comfort Julie by saying someday they will be found and they will probably be put in a museum, or maybe they will take a direct hit and be turned into diamonds. Julie seems to take some hope in this, and the movie fades out as the water fills the compartment. A final explosion seems to imply a direct hit has taken place."] ["Tom Merrick  works as a TV reporter when he's nearly killed in an accident while informing about a fire in the Evanston power plant. The sight of a creepy-looking man leaving the place accidentally saves his life, when he was meant to be killed with his crew. After some time, he decides to do some research on catastrophes for a documentary he's preparing when he accidentally stumbles upon several pictures of the man at the power plant , who appears to turn up in different disasters  as far apart as 50 years, but who still looks the same in all the pictures. He goes deeper into the mystery and ends up discovering that a futuristic enterprise --Thrill Seekers-- will make time travel possible in the future and will sell trips to the past. These trips consist of travellers going straight to a catastrophe right before it happens, so they can experience the emotion but are able to travel back in time again before they get killed. Thanks to that knowledge, Merrick is able to save a plane from crashing and killing hundreds of people. Unfortunately, this type of discovery endangers the very fabric of space-time and his own life, when Thrill Seekers sends a couple of agents to find and kill him."] ["Chicago air traffic controller Jack Harris , though cleared of responsibility for a major Transair crash which had killed all 174 aboard, gives up the job to instead design air control software. Five years later, his ex-colleague T.C. Bryant , meanwhile also transferred to Phoenix, desperately asks him to help out short-term, given desperate staff shortage on New Year's Eve with a bad storm predicted, after a power cut hits. Colleagues welcome him in very different states of mind but he quickly proves his capabilities."] ["In India to purchase some horses, British aristocrat, Lord Esketh and his wife, Edwina , come to the town of Ranchipur at the invitation of the elderly Maharani. Their marriage is an unhappy one and Lord Esketh announces his intention to return to England and begin divorce proceedings. The spoiled, insensitive Edwina scoffs at this. She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover, Tom Ransome, now a dissolute alcoholic. She also meets and attempts to seduce a distinguished Hindu physician, Dr. Rama Safti, a decent man who is the elderly Maharani's personal choice to succeed her someday. Safti at first resists, but ultimately succumbs to Edwina's charms and falls hopelessly in love with her. Lord Esketh becomes aware of this, but Safti saves him from a man-eating tiger during a safari. Safti admits his love for Edwina to Lord Esketh, who is now sympathetic toward this good man's plight. Ransome feels the same way, warning Edwina to stay away from Safti, a friend he admires. Edwina similarly falls into disfavor with the Maharani, who explains that Safti has been raised to lead a pure life and that Edwina is unworthy of him. Ranchipur suddenly is ravaged by a natural disaster, an earthquake and flood. Dr. Safti is so busy saving lives that he cannot personally care for Edwina, who has fallen ill. Ransome looks after her as well as for young Fern Simon, who has declared her love for him. When a dam is exploded by dynamite and as a result the flood waters recede, it is Dr. Safti who reveals that Ransome is the one who risked his personal safety to save the people of Ranchipur. Edwina tries to explain to the Maharani that her love for Safti has become true, so much so that she will make the sacrifice of leaving him for his own good. She drives away from Ranchipur with her husband."] ["14 Hours is based on the harrowing events of June 2001, when Tropical Storm Allison stalled over the Houston metropolitan area, pouring nearly 30 inches of rain on the city within a 14-hour period. The story begins as the storm seems to be moving away from Houston. Jeanette Makins , a nurse at Memorial Hermann Hospital, arrives ready for what she expects to be a normal day. But Tropical Storm Allison's rains return, quickly turning a normal day into a nightmare. As floodwaters inundate the lower levels of the hospital, a brilliant young surgeon, Dr. Foster , makes the decision to move the patients to safer ground, including a young couple whose premature baby is struggling for life, as well as, a girl and her mother, severely hurt in a car accident. With the resourceful thinking of Chuck Whortle , chief of Harris County Emergency Management, the hospital staff and volunteers race against the clock to get all patients to safety."] ['An astronomer, Dr. Lehman , and his assistant, Imogene O\'Neill , race against time to provide vital information to JPL rocket scientist Dr. Chetwyn . Dr. Lehman worked for Chetwyn until Chetwyn fired him and Lehman is the only one authorized to prevent the impending destruction. Lehman ultimately gets hit by a car and Imogene strives alone, encountering various murderers and automotive failures. Amidst the chaos, Detective Jack Crowe  desperately searches for his psychotic ex-partner Stark  before the madman seeks revenge against Jack by killing Jack\'s father and daughter. Meanwhile, Jack\'s father, the Police sheriff  of the town of Taft, deals with subsiding the panic in his town as the meteor shower continues. Another subplot involves a family struggling for survival in a meteor-struck hospital. After the United States launches numerous nuclear weapons at the approaching asteroid, Imogene discovers a flaw in Dr. Lehman\'s algorithm and finds that 114 Kassandra had been split in two by the comet that knocked it out of orbit. The second half of Kassandra is larger than the first, and the military\'s nuclear arsenal is already depleted from destroying the first half, which was believed to be the whole meteor. As the meteor draws closer to Earth, the meteor storms surrounding it cause increasing amounts of damage as they occur at an unstoppable pace. Part of the headquarters of the scientists tracking Kassandra is hit, resulting in Dr. Chetwyn\'s death. Imogene finds herself as the only one left who can save the world from destruction, but she can no longer contact the government by any traditional means of communication. After being abducted by and escaping from Stark with Jack\'s help, she finds a radio tower that can reach the remaining scientists at the base, but Stark unexpectedly returns, having survived being shot thanks to a bulletproof vest he had previously stolen. By the time Stark is shot dead by the Sheriff and Jack, Kassandra has entered Earth\'s atmosphere, and the government decides to launch their remaining missiles{{Clarify}} and accept the consequences - massive meteor storms and radiation from the blast. Mere minutes before the missiles hit the meteor, however, Imogene manages to get the scientists to alter their course. Initially it appears that the missiles missed Kassandra entirely, but it quickly becomes clear that Imogene\'s plan deflected the meteor into the Sun, saving Earth. But three months later, Imogene tells Jack that there will be "next time" in the year 2029, talking about Apophis, 20 years from 2009.'] ["Titanic has three main story threads: *Isabella Paradine is traveling on the Titanic to join her husband after attending her aunt's funeral in England. On the Titanic, she meets Wynn Park, her former lover. She falls in love with him again, and after a brief affair, she sends her husband a wireless saying they cannot be together anymore . When the ship starts sinking, Isabella must reluctantly leaves Wynn when he forces her to board a lifeboat. As the boat is lowered, Isabella confesses a long kept secret that her daughter Claire is actually Wynn's. Later on board the RMS Carpathia she is grief-stricken when she finds Wynn's lifeless body on deck amongst other victims who have died of hypothermia, but luckily, when the Carpathia reaches New York she is reunited with her family, blissfully unaware of Isabella's tryst because the telegram was never sent out due to the sinking. *Also in first class is the Allison family, a real family who traveled on the Titanic, returning home to Montreal with their two small children and new nurse, Alice Cleaver. They gradually become wary and suspicious of her hysterical and neurotic behavior. Later on, a fellow maid asks her if she'd seen her in Cairo the previous month, but soon realizes that she remembers her from the highly publicized trial where Alice was accused of throwing her baby off a train. When the Titanic starts sinking, Alice Cleaver panics and quickly boards a lifeboat with Trevor, the Allisons' infant son. The parents with their small daughter are unaware that the baby is safe and refuse to leave the ship without him, which in the end costs them their lives. *In third class, a young vagrant named Jamie Perse steals a ticket to get on board. He manages to become friends with one of the crewmen, Simon Doonan, who is also a robber, but later is revealed to be a much more violent and callous criminal than Jamie. The young man falls in love with Aase  Ludvigsen, a recent Christian convert and missionary. On the night of the sinking, Aase is raped and beaten by Doonan, causing her to lose her faith and will to live, but Jamie manages to get her into Isabella's boat, #14. Unbeknownst to them, Doonan also sneaked on board that same boat, disguised as an old woman. After the ship sinks, Aase is knocked off the lifeboat by Doonan after recognizing him and he attempts holding all the passengers in the boat hostage with a revolver, but Officer Lowe, who is in charge of the boat, hits Doonan in the head with a paddle, snapping his neck. Jamie himself manages to survive when he accidentally falls into one of the last lifeboats before the Titanic sinks and atones for his past life after he finds Aase in the makeshift hospital aboard the Carpathia. In the end, upon arriving in New York, the two plan to start a new life together."] ["In 2008, the Reaper virus infects Scotland and is being walled off by the British government. A Scottish woman begs soldiers retreating by helicopter to take her injured little girl with them, but the helicopter is already overloaded. One of the soldiers sacrifices his place for the girl who has suffered an eye injury from the firefight but is uninfected. The quarantine is deemed a success, with the remaining Scottish population and the virus apparently dying off. In the decades after, diplomatic relations between Great Britain and the rest of the world is destroyed because of genocidal quarantine, causing a depression and civil unrest. During a raid by the police, they find Reaper Virus victims in a ghetto in London. Prime Minister Hatcher and his right-hand-man Canaris share with domestic security chief Captain Nelson news of survivors in Scotland, and they believe a cure may exist. They order him to send a team into Scotland to find medical researcher Dr. Kane, who was working on a cure when Scotland was quarantined. Nelson chooses Major Eden Sinclair, the little girl now grown up, to lead the team. North of the wall, while searching for any survivors in a hospital, Sinclair and her team are ambushed by a gang of Marauders. After losing numerous members of their group including both APCs, Sinclair and Dr. Talbot are captured and Sgt. Norton and Dr. Stirling manage to escape the attack. Sinclair is interrogated and tortured by the gang's leader, Sol and Dr. Talbot is barbecued alive. During Talbot's immolation, Sinclair manages to escape with another prisoner, Cally, and kill Viper, Sol's lover. After meeting back up with Sgt. Norton and Dr. Stirling, they make their escape via a train, driven by Joshua, Cally's friend. They are surrounded by Kane's medieval soldiers, Joshua is killed, and the rest are taken prisoner. Kane informs Sinclair of the truth, there is no cure, just people immune and sentences her and her group to death. Sinclair defeats Kane's executioner Telamon, while the others escape from the prison. The remaining survivors retreat to an underground facility and find a Bentley in storage. Norton is killed by Kane's men, but the others drive back to the quarantine wall. After a long, high-speed road battle with Sol's Marauders, Sinclair is tracked down a government gunship and discovers Canaris' true plan. Cally and Sinclair go in the gunship, while Sinclair then chooses to stay behind instead of returning to London. Nelson flies into the quarantine zone to speak with her and she gives him a recording of the conversation. In the end Sinclair delivers Sol's head to the marauders and they cheer, while the recording is broadcast to the country."] ["{{plot}} A television reporter named Angela Vidal  and her cameraman Scott Percival ([[Steve Harris  are assigned to follow firefighters Jake  and Fletcher  on their night shift. The crew responds to an emergency call from an apartment building. The apartment manager Yuri  says that he and other residents heard screams from the room of an old woman named Mrs. Espinoza , who has locked herself in her apartment. Jake, Fletcher, Yuri, police officers Danny  and James , and the camera crew go to the apartment, where they find Mrs. Espinoza in serious condition. She is bleeding severely and foaming at the mouth. Moments later, they are attacked by Espinoza who bites James in the neck. They take him downstairs for medical assistance, while Fletcher stays with a now sedated Mrs. Espinoza upstairs. However, when they get downstairs, they find the apartment doors have been locked from the outside, leaving everyone, including several residents, trapped inside. Upstairs, Fletcher is attacked by Mrs. Espinoza and thrown from the railing to the ground, leaving him in serious condition. Lawrence , a veterinarian, starts tending to the injured as best as possible. Angela and Scott return to Espinoza's apartment where they witness the cleaning woman die. Jake and Danny show up and find Espinoza, with blood on her mouth and dress and her eyes bleeding. She charges at them, but Danny shoots and kills her. Jake, Scott, and Angela head room to room to bring down anymore guests; they bring down Randy , Jwahir  and Nadif  , and Elise , a woman who has many similar symptoms as Mrs. Espinoza. The residents begin to panic as the CDC quarantines the building. Meanwhile, Angela interviews the tenants. A little girl named Briana  is sick with bronchitis and says that her dog Max is at the vet because he's sick as well. After the interviews, Lawrence explains more about the conditions of Fletcher, Elise, and James as they all have symptoms similar to those of rabies, however, presenting themselves at an alarming rate. Angela and Scott follow residents Bernard ([[Bernard White  and Sadie  back to their apartment to check the TV news. On the way, they witness Randy being killed by a dog who corners him in the elevator. Once inside the room, they watch the televised report where the Chief of Police  states to a news reporter  that everyone has been evacuated from the building, then the power goes out. Elise appears, turns violent and starts attacking the others, but Scott bashes her head in repeatedly with his camera, killing her. While going over the status of the tenants, Danny learns that Randy and the cleaning lady are dead, Jwahir has a paralytic father living with her and Nadif in their apartment, and a man from Boston that rented the attic apartment hasn't been seen for days. Two CDC Agents  wearing hazmat suits arrive and attempt to treat Fletcher and the policeman by taking a brain sample. Suddenly, Fletcher attacks and bites one of the inspectors. While evacuating, Lawrence is trapped with the infected and is bitten. The surviving health inspector reveals that the previous day, a dog was taken to a local veterinarian. The dog became violent and killed or infected the other pets at the clinic, causing them to be euthanized. The CDC traced the dog back to the apartment building. The CDC Agent tells the residents that this unknown but highly virulent disease turns people into bloodthirsty savages. Angela discovers that the infected dog was Briana's dog, Max. The remaining survivors become skeptical that Briana's illness is actually bronchitis. Suddenly, Briana becomes savage as well and bites her mother Kathy  before escaping upstairs. Kathy is handcuffed to the stair railing to stop her from trying to protect Briana. Angela, Scott, Jake and Danny find Briana in Mrs. Espinoza's apartment. When Danny attempts to sedate the girl, Briana bites him. When Mrs Espinoza attacks, Jake kills her with a sledgehammer. They rush downstairs only to find everyone else running upstairs in fear, for they find the infected have broken through the shutter. Jake tries to close the shutter, as Angela tries to free Kathy. When they can't find the key, Jake drags Angela upstairs leaving Kathy to die by the infected. As everyone runs upstairs, Jwahir and Nadif are both separated and bitten. Angela, Jake, Scott, Sadie, Bernard, Yuri, his wife Wanda , and CDC Agent lock themselves in an empty apartment. The CDC Agent locks himself in an adjacent room when he realizes he has been bitten. They also realize Sadie has been bitten when they notice she is eating her own fingers and soon after coughs up blood on herself. Bernard pleads with them not to kill Sadie, and out of desperation, attempts to break through the apartment window to call for help, but he is killed by a sniper positioned in a building across the street from the apartment. Yuri remembers another way out in the basement, where there is a large drain that is connected to the sewers, but the keys are in his apartment. Suddenly, the health inspector and Sadie succumb to the infection and bite Yuri and Wanda. As they try to escape, they must fight off the infected as they work toward Yuri's apartment as Jake uses the sledgehammer on the dog in the elevator. After Jake and Scott break Sadie's neck, the group reaches Yuri's apartment and find his key ring. Jake is bitten by Yuri, leaving Angela and Scott as the only survivors. Rather than making their way to the basement, they are forced upstairs to the attic apartment by Danny and the remaining infected. They search the apartment and discover that its former tenant was a member of a doomsday cult. He broke into a chemical weapons lab and stole a virus. As Angela and Scott continue through the apartment, a door opens from the attic and Scott uses the light on the camera to investigate. An infected boy  swats at the camera, breaking the light. Scott turns on the camera's night vision. Scott and Angela hear loud banging noises inside the apartment. When Scott looks around, he sees a ghoulishly emaciated man ([[Doug Jones  searching the kitchen area unaware of Angela and Scott's presence. Scott tries to escape but trips and is viciously attacked, dropping the camera. Angela retrieves it and sees the man eating Scott. Unable to control herself, she cries out and is subsequently attacked, dropping the camera in the process. Strangely unharmed, as the attack deflected off the camera, she crawls slowly through the darkness for almost ten seconds, in a vain attempt to escape. Suddenly, she is dragged backwards by her legs into the dark, screaming as the camera continues recording."] [" In October 1991, the swordfishing boat Andrea Gail returns to port in Gloucester, Massachusetts with a poor catch. Desperate for money, Captain Billy Tyne , convinces the Andrea Gail crew to join him for one more late season fishing expedition. They head out past their usual fishing grounds, leaving a developing thunderstorm behind them. Initially unsuccessful, they head to the Flemish Cap, where their luck improves. At the height of their fishing the ice machine breaks; the only way to sell their catch before it spoils is to hurry back to shore. After debating whether to sail through the building storm or to wait it out, the crew decide to risk the storm. However, between the Andrea Gail and Gloucester is a confluence of two powerful weather fronts and a hurricane, which the Andrea Gail crew underestimate. After repeated warnings from other ships, the Andrea Gail loses her antenna, forcing a fellow ship to call in a Mayday. An Air National Guard rescue helicopter responds, but after failing to perform a midair refuel, the helicopter crew ditch the aircraft before it crashes, and all but one of the crew members are rescued by a Coast Guard vessel, the Tamaroa. The Andrea Gail endures various problems: with {{convert}} waves crashing onto the deck, a broken stabilizer ramming the side of the ship, and two men thrown overboard. The crew decide to turn around to avoid further damage by the storm. After doing so, the vessel encounters an enormous rogue wave. Billy tells Bobby to apply full power to ride over the wave; it seems that they may make it over, but the wave starts to plunder and the boat flips over. Billy elects to go down with his ship and only Bobby manages to surface. There are no survivors, however, and the film ends with Captain Greenlaw reading the eulogy at the memorial service, followed by Christina and Bobby's mother, Ethel, consoling each other on the dock and Billy's voice soliloquising about what it means to be a swordboat captain."] ['Pilot David Randall  is paid to fly top-secret photographs from South African astronomer Dr. Emery Bronson  to Dr. Cole Hendron  in America. Hendron, with the assistance of his daughter Joyce , confirms their worst fears— Bronson has discovered a star named Bellus and it\'s on a collision course with Earth. Hendron warns the delegates of the United Nations that the end of the world is little more than eight months away. He pleads for the construction of spaceships to transport a lucky few to Zyra, a planet in orbit around Bellus that will pass very close to the Earth, in the faint hope that it can sustain life and save the human race from extinction. However, other, equally-distinguished scientists scoff at his claims, and he is not believed. With no help from the United Nations or the United States government, Hendron receives help from wealthy humanitarian friends, who arrange a lease on a former proving ground to construct a spaceship. To finance the construction, Hendron\'s group is forced to turn to self-centered, wheelchair-bound industrialist Sidney Stanton . Stanton demands the right to select the passengers, but Hendron insists that he is not qualified to make those choices and that all his money can buy is a single seat on the ark. Joyce becomes attracted to Randall and prods her father into finding reasons to keep him around, much to the annoyance of her boyfriend, medical doctor Tony Drake ([[Peter Hansen . The ship\'s construction is a race against time. Groups in other nations also begin building ships. Former skeptics admit that Hendron is right and governments prepare for the inevitable. Martial law is declared and residents in coastal regions are moved to inland cities. Zyra first makes a close approach, its gravitational attraction causing massive earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and tidal waves that wreak havoc. Several people are killed at the construction camp, including Dr. Bronson. In the aftermath, Drake and Randall travel by helicopter to provide assistance to survivors. When Randall alights to rescue a little boy, Drake has to resist a strong temptation to strand him. As the day of doom approaches, the ship is loaded with food, medicine, microfiche copies of books, equipment, and animals. Finally, most of the passengers are selected by lottery, though Hendron reserves seats for a handful of people: himself, Stanton, Joyce, Drake, pilot Dr. George Fry , the young boy who was rescued, and Randall, for his daughter\'s sake. When a young man turns in his winning ticket because his girl was not selected, Hendron arranges for both to go. Randall refuses his seat and only pretends to participate in the lottery, believing that he has no useful skills. For Joyce\'s sake, Drake fabricates a "heart condition" for Fry, making a backup pilot necessary. Randall is the obvious choice. The cynical Stanton becomes increasingly anxious as time passes. Knowing human nature, he fears what the desperate lottery losers might do. As a precaution, he has stockpiled weapons. Stanton\'s suspicions prove to be well-founded. His much-abused assistant, Ferris , tries to get himself included in the crew at gunpoint, only to be shot dead by Stanton. During the final night, the selected passengers and animals are quietly moved to the launch pad to protect them from any more violence. Shortly before takeoff, many of the lottery losers riot, taking up Stanton\'s weapons to try to force their way aboard. Hendron stays behind at the last moment, forcibly keeping the crippled Stanton and his wheelchair from boarding in order to lighten the spaceship. He rationalizes that the new world is for the young. With an effort born of desperation, Stanton stands up and starts walking in a futile attempt to board the ship before it takes off. From space, the ship\'s television monitor shows Earth\'s collision with Bellus. As they approach Zyra, the fuel runs out and Randall has to make an unpowered rough landing. The passengers disembark and find the planet to be habitable. David Randall and Joyce Hendron walk hand-in-hand to explore their new home.'] ["Roseanne Rogers  trudges from place to place, searching for another living human being. A newspaper headline reports a scientist's warning that detonating a new type of atomic bomb may cause humanity's extinction. She eventually makes her way to her aunt's isolated hillside house and faints when she finds Michael ([[William Phipps  already living there. At first too numb to speak, she is slow to recover. She resists Michael's attempt to become intimate, revealing that she is married and pregnant. Two more survivors arrive, attracted by the smoking chimney. Oliver P. Barnstaple  is an elderly bank clerk who is in denial; he believes he is simply on vacation. He has been taken care of by Charles , a good-natured African American. They survived because they were accidentally locked in a bank vault when the disaster occurred. Roseanne was in a hospital's lead-lined X-ray room, while Michael was in an elevator in the Empire State Building. Barnstaple sickens, but seems to recover and insists on going to the beach. There, they drag a man out of the water. Eric , a mountain climber, was stranded on Mount Everest by a blizzard during the disaster. He was flying back to America when his plane ran out of gas just short of land. Meanwhile, Barnstaple dies peacefully. The newcomer brings discord to the little community. Eric theorizes that they lived because they were somehow immune to the radiation. He wants to find and gather together other survivors. However, Michael is skeptical and warns that the radiation is the most intense in the cities Eric wants to search. Eric reveals himself to be a racist; he can barely stand living with Charles. When Charles objects, they fight, stopping only when Roseanne goes into labor. She gives birth to a boy, delivered by Michael. Afterwards, while the others work to make a better life, Eric goes off by himself. Eric deliberately drives their jeep through the group's cultivated field, destroying part of their crops. Michael orders Eric to leave, but Eric shows he has a pistol and announces that he will leave when he is ready to. One night, Eric tells Roseanne that he is going to the city. Needing to discover her husband's fate, Roseanne agrees to go with him, as he had hoped. Eric insists that she not tell Michael. However, after stealing supplies, Eric is stopped by a suspicious Charles. As they struggle, Eric stabs Charles in the back, killing him. Once they reach the city, he begins looting, while she goes to her husband's office, then to the hospital waiting room. There she discovers her husband's skeleton. When Rosanne wants to return to the group, Eric refuses to let her go. They struggle and his shirt is torn open, revealing radiation poisoning. In despair, he runs away. She begins the long walk back, but her baby dies along the way. Michael finds her and takes her home. When he starts farming, she joins him."] ['When Karla brings her father Hans in Mallorca to a clinic because he was stung by a bee, it does not look good for him. The doctors want to find just a normal bee sting, what Karla does not consider it feasible. Together with the researcher Ben she gets down to find the true culprit&nbsp;— and finds an over-sized bees, which also is also extremely aggressive. This new insect species is a major threat to thousands of people on the holiday island.'] ['Nine passengers board a commercial flight to Panama City: wealthy Judson Ellis  and Alice Melbourne , eloping because their parents disapprove; an elderly couple, Professor Henry Spengler  and his wife Martha ; Tommy Mulvaney , the young son of a gangster, and his escort, gunman Pete ; Peggy Nolan , a woman of ill repute; and Vasquez , an anarchist being extradited and facing a death sentence for killing a high-ranking politician, and his guard, Crimp , who expects a $5,000 reward for delivering him. Pilot Bill Brooks , co-pilot Joe , and steward Larry  comprise the crew. A fierce nighttime storm buffets their airliner. A gas cylinder comes loose and is thrown against the door, forcing it open; Larry falls out to his death. An engine fails and the pilots are forced to crash-land in the jungle. In the morning, the professor recognizes the plants of the Amazon rainforest. The aircraft has been blown far south of where rescuers would search, and the nearest civilization is across the mountains; but there is water where they are, and enough fruit and game to live on. Weeks go by while Bill and Joe struggle to repair the damaged aircraft, and the others clear a runway. The experience changes everyone. The Spenglers rediscover their love for each other. Bill warms to an appreciative Peggy, although she tells him about her past. Judson goes to pieces, staying drunk much of the time, while Alice toughens up, and begins to feel attracted to Joe. The biggest change is in Vasquez. Seeing how well most of the group have coped with their situation, he reconsiders his radical beliefs. On the 23rd day, Crimp disappears. It is Tommy who eventually discovers him. When Peggy and Pete go looking for the boy, he leads them to the body, which has a poison dart in it. Pete orders Peggy to take Tommy to safety while he covers their retreat, and is also killed by the unseen natives. The remaining survivors board the now-repaired aircraft, but as the engines rev up, an oil leak develops. Bill and Joe patch it, but realize that it will fail some time after takeoff, leaving only one working engine. As a result, the aircraft can only carry four adults and Tommy across the mountains. As everyone tries to decide how to choose who will stay and who will face the hostile natives, Vasquez suddenly grabs a gun and announces that, since he is doomed no matter what, he is the only one without bias and will make the decisions. He will think about it until the plane is ready. While thinking, he is approached by Professor Spengler, who says he and his wife have lived their lives and should stay, and by Judson, who tries to bribe Vasquez by offering to pay for a top lawyer. When the aircraft is ready, Vasquez announces that both pilots and both of the younger women will go along with Tommy. Judson attacks him and Vasquez shoots him dead. The aircraft takes off, leaving Vasquez and the Spenglers. As the natives approach, Professor Spengler quietly informs Vasquez that must not be taken alive, as they will be tortured. Vasquez lies to him, telling him that there are three bullets left. He kills the couple with his last two bullets, and waits for his grisly fate.'] ["The MS Poseidon, a luxury cruise ship, is on a year-end transatlantic crossing to New York. Jennifer  is with her fiancé, Christian , and they consider how to tell Jennifer's father, former New York City Mayor Robert Ramsey , about their engagement. In the galley, stowaway Elena  searches for her friend, a waiter named Valentin ([[Freddy Rodriguez . Architect Richard Nelson  is making a phone call to his estranged lover. In the grand ballroom, Captain Michael Bradford  delivers a New Year's Eve speech before introducing the singer, Gloria ([[Fergie . Dylan , a professional gambler, and Robert play Texas Hold’em with Lucky Larry . Jen, Christian and Elena are partying in the nightclub. Richard is with his friends, talking about his heartbreak. As Dylan walks with his winnings, he bumps into Connor . Maggie , Connor's mother, arrives and chats with Dylan. On the bridge, officers see a 150-foot rogue wave coming towards them, while everyone celebrates the New Year countdown. On the promenade deck, Richard who is contemplating suicide, sees the wave and retreats inside. Though the crew on the bridge sounds warning alarms and turns hard to starboard to meet the wave head-on, the Poseidon turns too slowly. It is hit broad-side and capsizes. Passengers are swept overboard, fall to their deaths in overturned high-ceilinged areas or are crushed to death by falling debris. In the galley, crew are incinerated by flash fires caused by rupturing gas lines. In the ballroom, Robert, Dylan, Richard and Maggie wake up, realizing that the ship is now upside down. Robert sees Connor on the piano, which is now on the ceiling. Robert and some officers rescue Connor. In the nightclub, Jennifer looks for Christian, who has been pinned by a fallen light. They and Elena are the only ones to avoid being killed by the combined dangers of the sprinklers activating and numerous broken wires and lights electrifying the water. Captain Bradford reassures the passengers by telling them that a set of GPS beacons were launched during the collision and that help is on its way, therefore they should stay put. Some passengers hesitate. Dylan disagrees and concludes that the bow thrusters of the ship are the key to survival. He is joined by Robert, Richard, Connor, Maggie and Valentin. The group makes their way through the kitchens to a service elevator. Using a table to bridge the space across the shaft, the group pries open an opposing set of elevator doors. Everyone survives until the table drops as Richard is being pulled up by Dylan. The service elevator, severely damaged by the collision, begins to plummet towards them, and Richard is forced to shake the crewman off. Valentin falls down the elevator shaft and is killed immediately by the fall, and the elevator crashes down moments after Richard is pulled through the doors. The group manages to force the elevator doors shut just before a gas explosion set off by the falling elevator reaches them.  Meanwhile, in the nightclub, Elena and Jen rescue Christian, with help from Lucky Larry. Robert and Jennifer reunite with the other survivors. The group reaches the lobby and uses a damaged elevator as a bridge. As Lucky Larry takes his turn to cross, an engine smashes its way through the lobby floor above and kills him. Large amounts of leaking fuel follow through the opening in the floor and is ignited. Dylan finds a fire hose and jumps into the flaming water, making a zip line that the others use to cross. In the ballroom, the windows at last give way, the room floods and the passengers, Captain and crew inside are drowned. As the surviving group tries to escape from the rising water, they go into an air vent which leads to the ballast tanks. Elena struggles to continue moving through the air vent due to her claustrophobia. Robert tries to smash the cover of the vent, but fails, and calls Connor to assist him in the hopes that Connor's smaller fingers will be able to undo the vent screws. Elena successfully gets inside the vent and offers her necklace to be used as a screwdriver. The cover opens and the group climbs into the ship's ballast tank, where they locate a hatch. Robert and Dylan realize that only great pressure can open the hatch, and they flood the chamber. The hatch opens, and they swim through to the next chamber. Elena's dress becomes caught as she swims through, and she hits her head on a sharp beam. Richard turns back to rescue her, followed by Robert, Dylan and Christian, and takes an unconscious Elena back where Robert tries to revive her, but she dies from her injury without regaining consciousness. The group finds themselves in the galley and see the bow section is flooded, telling them the obvious: the Poseidon is sinking by the bow, and fast. While finding a new exit, an explosion in the engine room causes the bow to rise out of the water, and forces the stern down. All of the water in the bow rushes towards the stern, and the stern of the Poseidon sinks underwater. Robert, Christian, Jennifer and Richard go first, leaving Dylan, Maggie and Connor behind. Maggie and Dylan find Connor trapped. He is eventually saved by Dylan and the three reunite with the group. In the engine room, Richard opens a cover and the bow thrusters, still trying to turn the ship to starboard, begin blasting air into the room. Knowing that the control room for the propellers is now below water, Robert swims to turn them off. He finds the off switch broken, but manages to hit the reverse button instead just before he drowns. The propellers briefly stop, then begin turning the other way, and Dylan finds a nitrogen tank and throws it into the propellers. The ensuing explosion destroys the motors for one of the three bow thrusters. After climbing through the propeller tube, they jump overboard and into an inflatable raft. The survivors start rowing for their lives, as a wave is thrown up as the Poseidon rights herself again, pushing the survivors away from the ship. The Poseidon is too badly damaged to remain afloat anymore, however, and, with her bow pointing high into the night sky, she sinks by the stern in the foaming waters as the handful of survivors looks on. Finding a flare gun in the raft, Dylan fires it, and they wait for rescue. Some time later, a group of helicopters finds the raft and moves in to pick up the survivors. Just before the credits roll, at least three ships are shown to be racing towards where the Poseidon sank."] ["An unknown sniper  positions himself at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum prior to a professional football championship similar to The Super Bowl. He is spotted by a Goodyear Blimp camera. Police and SWAT team are immediately called in by the stadium manager Sam McKeever . Police Captain Peter Holly , working with SWAT team Sergeant Chris Button , devises a plan to capture the sniper before the conclusion of the game. Multiple fans attending the game are introduced. They include Steve and Janet , an argumentative middle-aged couple; Stu Sandman , a gambling addict; a Catholic priest , who is a friend of quarterback Charlie Tyler; young married couple Mike and Peggy Ramsay ; an elderly pickpocket  and football fan Al , who begins flirting with Lucy  when he notices her date  is more interested in the game than in her. Stadium's maintenance director Paul  discovers the sniper's presence and attempts to confront him. The sniper strikes Paul with the butt of his rifle, and, undetected by fans, causes Paul to fall several stories, severely injured. SWAT team members position themselves on stadium light towers to take aim on the sniper's nest. Mike Ramsay spots the sniper with his binoculars. He reports it to the police, but rather than thank him, they question him suspiciously and then physically overpower him. Shortly after the game's two-minute warning, the SWAT team is given the green light to go after the sniper. Seeing that he is surrounded, the sniper opens fire, shooting randomly into the crowd. His shots cause a massive riot in which the panicked fans spill onto the field. Many security men, Coliseum personnel, and spectators are killed or wounded. Marksmen perched atop stadium light towers fall or hang by their tethers after getting shot. Fleeing spectators are crushed or trampled underfoot while rushing towards exit tunnels. A few lose their footing while climbing down wall-ivy trestles. Steve, Stu, Chris, Peggy, and the pickpocket are among those shot . Mike escapes from police custody during the riot and is reunited with Peggy and their children once the stadium empties of people. Ultimately, the sniper is killed by Peter, Chris, and other members of the SWAT team. Searching through his wallet, the officers learn the sniper's name: Carl Cook. Cook dies, revealing nothing about his intent. Button points out that although they know nothing about Cook, over the next few weeks, the media will discover every irrelevant detail about Cook's life and question why the officers had to kill him."] ["As a passenger ship sails by a bleak, deserted island, Dr. Kersaint  blows his former home a kiss. When a fellow passenger asks him about the place, he tells its tragic story, segueing into a flashback. During the colonial era in the South Pacific, the natives of the island of Manukura are a contented lot. Terangi , the first mate on an island-hopping schooner, marries Marama , the daughter of the chief . She has a premonition and begs him not to leave, or at least take her with him on the ship's next voyage, but he makes her stay behind. Upon reaching Tahiti, the crew goes to a bar to celebrate. When a racist white man orders them to leave, Terangi strikes him and breaks his jaw. Unfortunately, the man has strong political connections, and the governor is forced to sentence him to six months in jail, over the objections of Terangi's captain, Nagle . Back on Manukura, Dr. Kersaint begs recently appointed local French Governor Eugene De Laage  to have Terangi brought home to serve his sentence under parole, but De Laage refuses to compromise his stern interpretation of the law, despite the pleas of Captain Nagle, Father Paul , and even his own wife . Unable to bear being confined, Terangi repeatedly tries to escape, lengthening his sentence by another 16 years, much to the delight of a particularly harsh jailer . Finally, after eight years, Terangi succeeds in getting out, but at a terrible price: he unintentionally kills a guard. He steals a canoe and returns to Manukura after an arduous journey. At the end, he is rescued from his overturned canoe by Father Paul, who promises to remain silent. He is reunited with Marama and a daughter  he has never seen before. Chief Mehevi recommends the family hide on a tabu island, where no one will look for them. However, De Laage discovers their preparations and commandeers the schooner to hunt them down. Terangi turns back to warn his people after he sees birds fleeing the island, an unprecedented, ominous event that Marama had dreamed about many years before. A once-in-a-lifetime hurricane strikes the island. A few, among them Dr. Kersaint and his pregnant patient, weather the disaster in a canoe, while Terangi ties his family and Madame De Laage to a stout tree. The rest drown, and the island is stripped bare. The tree floats away. Terangi later finds a war canoe in the water, which he uses to get his party to a small island. When they spot the schooner, Terangi signals it with smoke before fleeing in the canoe with his family. Governor De Laage embraces his wife, but then spots something far away through his binoculars. Madame De Laage insists it must be a floating log; suspecting Tarangi saved his wife, after a pause, he agrees with her."] ['According to the Asylum\'s website, "When the President learns that domestic terrorists have skyjacked the passenger jet her brother is flying, she must choose between family and the safety of the people in the cities below."'] ["Wanted by the law for a murder in a bar, Brett Murphy, a war veteran, has fled the country to Spain, where he has been living for two years and is engaged to wed Jean Gurney, a former showgirl. FBI Agent Stafford arrives in Spain to arrest Brett and bring him back to the U.S. On their commercial flight to New York, the passengers include Jean, who bought a ticket at the last minute, and Lord Leverett, a man deranged by his daughter's death. Leverett brings aboard a chemical poison hidden in his bag. The handcuffed Brett is given a few minutes by Stafford to explain to Jean about his past life. His story is that two men killed a bartender, knocked him out and placed the gun in his hand. Certain he'd never get a fair trial, Brett ran away. A minister on board marries Brett to Jean with the agent's permission. Brett steals a pistol from a partner of Stafford's who is asleep. He tells Jean he intends to hijack the plane to Canada to avoid going to jail. The poison leaks from Leverett's case, emitting toxic fumes that cause a fire in the cabin and kill the pilots and navigator. Former combat pilot Brett is asked to fly the plane. He must make an emergency landing on water and without a radio, which Leverett has damaged. Brett ends up shooting Leverett, whereupon a grateful Stafford still insists on being given the gun. Brett takes pity on the dying passengers and lands the jet. Authorities on the ground inform Stafford that another man is being charged with the bar murder and Brett will be cleared."] ["The story encompasses around nine characters portraying nine variants of emotion  and an outdated dam.{{cite web}} The story starts with Vinay , who is a mariner and works in ships. One day he visits his native place, somewhere in Kerala, with his son Sam  to meet his father Shankaran . Shankaran is a village doctor or 'Vaidyan' and is also a master in astrology and the ancient sciences. Sam is a Diabetic and Vinay wanted to have him treated by his grandfather. Another story line is that of the orphan Meera , who has been staying with Shankaran since her childhood, treated as his own daughter and who helps him treat various patients. Vinay and Meera share a special bond and love each other. But when Shankaran studied their horoscopes, he learned that whenever they express their love towards each other, something terrible would happen. Learning this Meera sacrificed her love, and thus Vinay married Sandra  who is a TV journalist. Now after a long time when Vinay returns home with his son, his special bond with Meera develops again with Meera reciprocating the feeling as well. On a parallel track, a corrupt Mayor - Durai - is fighting an issue of an old dam in his area. Towards the end a leak is discovered inside the dam, and when a heavy storm and rains hit on the same day, a high alert is declared."] ['The scientists of the Coyote Bus Lines feverishly work to complete Cyclops, enabling man to achieve a new milestone in bussing: non-stop service between New York City and Denver. Almost immediately after inserting nuclear fuel into the bus\'s engine, a bomb goes off, almost killing Professor Baxter, the scientist in charge of the project. Cyclops itself is undamaged, but Coyote Lines has lost both its driver and co-driver. Kitty Baxter, the professor\'s daughter and the Cyclops\'s designer, is forced to turn to Dan Torrance, an old flame. Once a promising driver, Torrance was disgraced after he crashed his bus atop Mount Diablo, and was accused of saving his own life by eating all of his passengers.  Narrowly surviving an assault by vindictive fellow drivers with the help of "Shoulders" O\'Brien, Torrance is recruited to drive Cyclops. Meanwhile, a sinister tycoon plots with oil sheikhs to destroy the bus. Known as "Iron Man", he spends the film in a huge iron lung while directing his brother Alex to sabotage Cyclops using timebombs. Alex would prefer to use a manmade earthquake, but Iron Man insists that the bus be destroyed and discredited. Before its maiden voyage, Alex sneaks aboard and hides a bomb within the bus. On the big day, the bus leaves New York bound for Denver. Among the passengers are the Cranes, a married couple waiting for their divorce to finalize; Father Kudos, a priest who has lost his way; Dr. Kurtz, a disgraced veterinarian; Emery Bush, a man with only a few months to live; and Camille Levy, whose father died on Mount Diablo. At first, Cyclops\'s journey is a success, and Torrance triumphantly breaks the 90&nbsp;mph "wind barrier" . Soon, however, disaster strikes. Investigating a mechanical problem, Dan finds Alex\'s bomb. He disarms it only before an explosion rips through another part of the bus. Now unable to stop, Cyclops plows across America. Dan is determined to achieve Cyclops\'s historic goal of non-stop service to Denver, but he also needs to surpass a treacherously curvy road where his father "bought it". Dan almost succeeds, but not before the bus runs partially off the road, finding itself teetering over a cliff. To save the bus, Dan and Shoulders shift all weight the back of the bus by pumping all of Cyclops\'s supply of soft drinks into the galley, and jettisoning all of the luggage. Knowing he has only one more chance to destroy Cyclops, Iron Man is finally persuaded by Alex to use the earthquake. Unfortunately for Iron Man, Alex sets the coordinates for Iron Man\'s house and not Cyclops. Back on the road, Cyclops finally makes its way to Denver. In the final scene, the bus is only 25 miles outside of Denver when the front and rear halves of the bus split from each other. It is unknown why and how the front and rear halves split from each other.'] ["An atomic rocket is launched on a manned moon mission, but one of the engines malfunctions. The rocket's steering is broken. The pilot disengages the capsule and returns to earth. The atomic booster, however, continues on, eventually crashing into and exploding in an asteroid belt. The explosion dislodges many asteroids from their orbits. They coalesce into one giant cluster and are heading for earth. As the cluster approaches earth it causes global scale disasters: tidal waves, wind, fire storms and earthquakes. Mankind's only hope is to arm every missile on earth with a nuclear warhead and fire them all at the cluster. One scientist loses his sanity in the crisis and disables the great computer needed to calculate all the firing data. He is stopped and the data provided. The nations of the world band together and fire the volley. The cluster is destroyed. In the English version of the movie, the sun was not mentioned as the source of the asteroids. From the movie: {{cquote}} In the French version of the movie however, the atomic rocket stage exploded later in Asteroid belt hurtling meteors on a collision course with earth."] ['{{plot}} The movie opens with the first trailer of Machete. In a rural town in Texas, go-go dancer \'Cherry Darling\'  decides to quit her low-paying job and find another use for her numerous \'useless\' talents. She runs into her mysterious ex-boyfriend \'El Wray\' ([[Freddy Rodriguez  at the Bone Shack, a BBQ restaurant owned by JT Hague  and his sheriff brother . Meanwhile, a group of military officials at a nearby US military base, led by the demented Lt. Muldoon , are making a business transaction with a chemical engineer named Abby  for mass quantities of a deadly biochemical agent known as DC2 . When Muldoon learns that Abby has an extra supply on hand, he attempts to take Abby hostage, and Abby intentionally releases the gas into the air. The gas reaches the town and turns most of its residents into deformed bloodthirsty psychopaths, mockingly referred to as "sickos" by the surviving humans. The infected townspeople are treated by the sinister Dr. William Block  and his unhappy, unfaithful bisexual anesthesiologist wife Dakota  at a local hospital. Random zombie attacks begin along the highway, leading El Wray, with Cherry as his passenger, to crash his truck. In the aftermath, several zombies tear off Cherry\'s right leg. Also falling victim, fatally, is Tammy ([[Fergie , who was on her way to into town to reunite with her former lover Dakota. When Tammy\'s body arrives at the hospital, Dr. Block recognizes her and by comparing text messages on the cellular phones of Tammy and his wife, realizes Dakota was about to leave him. He then attacks Dakota with her own anesthetic syringe needles, stabbing her repeatedly in the hands, rendering them useless, before locking her in a closet to tend to other patients, including multiple arrivals showing signs of infection and Cherry, who despite her injury does not die. El Wray is disarmed and detained by Sheriff Hague based on past encounters between the two men. As the patients transform into zombies, El Wray leaves the police station and arrives at the hospital, attaching a wooden table leg to Cherry\'s stump. As El Wray and Cherry fight their way out of the zombie-infested hospital, Dakota escapes to her car, but in struggling to open its door with her numbed hands, accidentally breaks her left wrist. She eventually manages to drive away. Meanwhile, Block becomes infected and others, including Cherry and El Wray, take refuge at the Bone Shack. Dakota retrieves her son Tony and takes him to her father, Earl McGraw, a Texas Ranger. Tony, who was given a revolver by his mother, accidentally shoots himself in the face after being told not to point it at himself. Cherry and El Wray make love in JT\'s bedroom. Due to a missing reel, what happens immediately following this is unknown, but when the film returns, Sheriff Hague has been shot in the neck by one of his own officers, and zombies are massing outside the Bone Shack, which is set on fire. Dakota, Earl, and Tony\'s crazed babysitter twins arrive at the Bone Shack. With Sheriff Hague badly injured, the group decides to flee to the Mexican border, before being stopped by a large mob of zombies. Muldoon\'s men arrive, and kill the zombies before arresting the group. They learn from Abby that the soldiers are stealing Abby\'s supply of the gas because they are infected with it and the only treatment is by constant inhalation of the gas, which delays mutation. They also learn that a small percentage of population is immune to the gas, suggesting a possible treatment, which is why Muldoon quarantined the survivors. As Cherry and Dakota are taken away by two soldiers , the others defeat the security guards. J.T. sustains a gunshot wound in the process, and the group searches for Muldoon. Discovered by El Wray and Abby, Muldoon explains that he killed Osama bin Laden before he and his men were infected with DC2 and were ordered to protect the area. El Wray offers a respectful recognition of Muldoon\'s military service before he and Abby shoot the mutating Muldoon. Meanwhile, Cherry is forced to dance by Rapist #1 while being held at gunpoint. Cherry attacks by breaking off her wooden leg across his face and stabs the remaining jagged-point in his eye. Dakota, after realizing she has regained feeling in her hands, quick-draws her syringe launcher and stuns Rapist #2. El Wray and Abby arrive to rescue Cherry and Dakota, and El Wray replaces Cherry\'s broken wooden leg with a modified M4 Carbine with a M203 grenade launcher attachment. She promptly kills Rapist #1 and other zombies with it. J.T., wounded and lying beside his dying brother, stays behind to detonate explosives  to eliminate the zombies still in the complex while the others flee. The survivors make plans to escape by stealing helicopters but must fight past the remaining zombies. Abby dies  when a ballistic projectile blows his head up. An infected Block then arrives and is killed by Earl, shortly before the survivors use the blade tips of their transport helicopter to decapitate all the remaining zombies. However, while saving Cherry from a zombie, El Wray is fatally wounded. In the epilogue, Cherry  leads the group and many more survivors to the Caribbean beach at Tulum, Mexico, where they start a peaceful new society amid a world-wide zombie infection. In the final moments of the film, it is revealed that Cherry Darling has given birth to El Wray\'s daughter . In a post-credits scene Dakota\'s son Tony is sitting on the beach at the survivor\'s "base" playing with his turtle, scorpion, and tarantula.'] ["A terrible storm causes hundreds of dikes to break in Zeeland, resulting in the North Sea flood of 1953. Julia, a single mother living with her parents, is caught in the middle of the catastrophic flood. She is rescued from drowning and taken to safety by her neighbour Aldo, who is a member of the armed forces. However, her baby is left in a wooden box in the attic of Julia's parental home. Together Julia and Aldo return to the disaster area to look for the baby. When they finally find the box, it is empty, and they conclude that someone must have taken the child. The child ended up with a woman who recently lost her own baby in a car accident. Julia met her but because the woman did not want to lose the baby, she hid him for Julia. Eighteen years later, Julia meets her son and the woman again and she finds out what has happened."] ['October 18, 2012. During a party at the American Embassy in Berlin, German scientist Gregor Starndorf is told that the comet he discovered, designated Bay-Leder 7, is headed towards Earth. It is large enough to cause mass-extinction and is only days away. He works with the U.S. Army in developing a satellite weapon called SolStar-2, which is used against the comet with moderate success: although the microwave beam cut Bay-Leder 7 in two, the smaller part impacts in West Russia. The head of security, Captain Tom Parker picks up his wife and daughter to evacuate by plane. However, his superior, Colonel Waters, forces Parker to leave them behind, watching helplessly as the plane took off. News reports depict the aftereffects of the impact. Three years later, the situation is still grim. Due to the debris thrown into the atmosphere, all of Europe was evacuated to Africa, where a new ruling body, the New United Northern States , has been established. Oil prices also skyrocketed, enabling the Middle East to establish a firm grip on the world economy. A NUNS technician finds that SolStar-2 is still active. But the satellite can only be controlled from the command center below the Reichstag. Berlin is in the middle of the "death zone", uninhabitable areas because of the cold. A plane was sent to investigate, but it suddenly exploded. Everything pointed to SolStar-2 in the attack. NUNS President Miranda Harrison recruits Parker to lead an expedition—including ex-SAS Sarah Henley and Anna Starndorf,Gregor Starndorf\'s daughter—in order to find out who controls the satellite and destroy it. Although Parker knows the mission is led by Colonel Waters, he ask to join, secretly hoping that his family is somehow alive. During their flight in the SolStar-2 zeroes in on their position and destroys the plane. The team manages to parachute out with two APCs, though. During the trip, they must cross through Cologne and use the Cologne Cathedral as a guide there. However, they lose several men to marauders and one APC to an ice geyser. When they finally reach Berlin, they find that the city is buried in several meters of snow. Shortly afterwards, they came under attack from survivors. There are about 600 people hiding in the subway tunnels and supplied by the "Distributors". They find out a blind man called "the doctor" is hiding below the Reichtag and supplies the people with food. The doctor\'s quarters is actually a verdant greenhouse and he is Gregor Starndorf. He explains that he and his chief engineer Klaus Hintze were the designers of SolStar-2. It was originally meant to be a new power source to lessen the dependency on oil, but due to military funding, it became a weapon. He ordered Hintze to reactivate the satellite as he designed a method to extend its area of effect and stop the permanent winter. He is alarmed to hear Hintze is using it as a weapon, but the Distributors suddenly return and during the battle a sniper kills him. Enraged, the four confronts Hintze, who is powering up the satellite to destroy Tangier, the NUNS\' headquarter city, as a revenge for having been left behind. Sarah shoots him and Col. Waters apologizes to Parker for his earlier actions and allows him to leave and find his family. While he is away, Sarah unexpectedly kills Waters and orders Anna to retarget SolStar-2 to the Middle East. Parker returns and, despite being wounded, attacks Sarah, nearly losing before Anna shoots her. Anna aims the satellite to Europe and executes her father\'s program, causing SolStar-2 to use up its last energy reserves to release a massive, wide-beamed microwave torrent which begins warming the atmosphere. Parker and Anna continue the search for his family and find his home. Inside he discovers his wife\'s final message to him beside their frozen bodies. Back outside, they watch the thick, permanent clouds over Germany dissipate, revealing the warming sun once again.'] ["Michael Lander  is a pilot who flies the Goodyear Blimp over NFL football games to film them for network television. Secretly deranged by years of torture as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, he has had a bitter court martial on his return and a failed marriage. He longs to commit suicide and take as many of the cheerful, carefree American civilians he sees from his blimp each weekend with him as possible. Lander conspires with Dahlia Iyad , an operative from the Palestinian terrorist group Black September, to launch a suicide attack using a bomb composed of plastique and a quarter million steel darts, housed on the underside of the gondola of the Goodyear Blimp, which they will detonate over the Miami Orange Bowl during Super Bowl X between Pittsburgh and Dallas. Dahlia and Black September, in turn, intend the attack as a wake-up call for the American people, to turn their attention and the world's to the plight of the Palestinians. American and Israeli intelligence, led by Mossad agent David Kabakov ([[Robert Shaw  and FBI agent Sam Corley , race to prevent the catastrophe. After discovering the recording Dahlia made, which was meant to be played after the attack, they piece together the path of the explosives into the country, and Dahlia's own movements. In a spectacular climax, the bomb-carrying blimp is chased by police helicopters as it approaches the packed stadium."] ['The film opens with a series of photographs of the Stella Maris College\'s Old Christians Rugby Team. Carlitos Páez explains that the pictures were taken by his father and points out several members of the team, including himself as a young man, Alex Morales, Felipe Restano, Nando Parrado and the team\'s Captain Antonio Balbi. Carlitos then reflects on the accident in a brief monologue, speaking of heroism, the gravity of the situation and of solitude and faith. The story moves to October 13, 1972 as Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571 flies over the Andes. The raucous rugby players and a few of their relatives and friends are eagerly looking forward to the upcoming match in Chile. Nando\'s sister, Susana, praises the beauty of the mountains and happily observes that the plane will be landing in 20 minutes. However, after emerging from clouds, the plane encounters turbulence and collides with an unknown mountain peak. During the collision, the wing and tail are separated from the fuselage of the plane, and the remnants of the fuselage slide down a mountain slope before coming to a complete stop. Antonio, the team captain, takes charge of the situation, co-ordinating efforts to help his injured teammates. Roberto Canessa and Gustavo Zerbino, both medical students, are the first to address the injured. Six passengers and one flight attendant are killed when they are ejected from the plane, and another six die shortly afterward including both pilots, Alex, Nando\'s mom Eugenia, and an older couple. Nando, who sustained a head injury, falls into a coma and Susana suffers harsh internal injuries. As the sun sets, the survivors begin to make preparations for the night. Canessa discovers that the seat covers can be unzipped and used as blankets. The survivors go inside the fuselage and curl up beside one another to stay warm. Antonio, Roy Harley and Rafael Cano plug the gaping hole at the end of the fuselage with luggage to keep the wind out. Two passengers die during the night from their injuries including Mrs. Alfonsín, causing Carlitos to feel ashamed after earlier yelling at her as she moaned about the pain she had been experiencing. With nothing to hunt or gather on the mountain, Antonio declares they will use rationing when the survivors find a tin of chocolates and a case of wine. After seeing a plane dip its wing, the survivors celebrate. Expecting to be rescued the next day, everyone except Javier, his wife Liliana, and Antonio eat the remaining chocolates. The survivors listen to a radio for word of their rescue but are devastated to hear the search is called off after day nine. This causes a quarrel between Antonio and several others for eating the chocolate. Meanwhile, Nando regains consciousness through the care of Carlitos and Hugo Diaz. After learning of his mother\'s death, Nando watches over Susana vigilantly. Knowing that she will die of her injuries within a few days, he vows to set off on foot and find a way out of the mountains. When Carlitos reminds him that he will need food, Nando suggests consuming flesh from the corpses of the deceased Pilots to survive his journey to find help. Susana dies from her injuries. After great debate, the remaining passengers decide to eat the flesh of their dead companions in order to survive. Zerbino, Rafael and Juan Martino set off to search for the tail of the plane in hopes of finding the batteries for the plane\'s radio to transmit their location. Among pieces of the wreckage, the teammates find additional corpses, but return to the group with news that the tail of the plane is likely a little farther away. Later in the week, an avalanche hits the plane and floods the interior with snow. Most manage to climb out of the snow, but some are unable to escape; eight of the remaining survivors are smothered by the snow or freeze to death, including Antonio, Liliana and Juan; Liliana was the final of the five women aboard to die. A second team, made up of Nando, Canessa and Antonio "Tintin" Vizintin, finds the tail of the plane. Unable to bring the batteries to the fuselage, they return to the fuselage to get Roy, who is rumoured to have experience setting up electrical equipment. They bring him to the tail of the plane, where the batteries are, to see if he can fix the radio. When Roy is unsuccessful, the team returns to the fuselage once more. Federico Aranda and Alberto Antuna die from their injuries soon after and Rafael soon dies after from an illness, leading Nando to convince a reluctant Canessa to search for a way out of the mountains, taking "Tintin" with them. Two days into the journey, they send "Tintin" back to the fuselage so they can appropriate his rations and continue on. After a 12-day trek, the two escape the mountains and alert the authorities of their companions\' location. As helicopters land on the glacier, the other 14 survivors celebrate. The film then shifts to the present as Carlitos explains the survivors later returned to the site of the crash and buried the bodies of the dead under a pile of stones, marked with a cross, about half a mile away. The memorial is then displayed with the film\'s dedication to both the 29 deceased and 16 survivors.'] ['Set in Toronto at an unknown date, Last Night tells the story of how a variety of intersecting characters spend their final evening on Earth. It seems the world is to end at midnight as the result of a calamity that is not explained, but which has been expected for several months. There are several scenes of an ominously glowing sun, which gets progressively larger and brighter even into the night. Some people in the film choose to spend their last evening alone, others with loved ones, others in prayer, others in public mayhem, and still others at raucous festivities. Duncan , the owner of a power company, spends the majority of his final day calling up every single one of his customers to reassure them that their heating gas will be kept on until the very end. Meanwhile, his wife Sandra  prepares to fulfill their suicide pact when she becomes stranded with a depressed widower Patrick  preparing to die while listening to music and drinking wine on his roof, surrounded by mementoes of his recently deceased wife. The widower\'s best friend Craig  participates in a nearly non-stop sex marathon as he attempts to fulfill every fantasy he has ever had, at one point awkwardly asking Patrick to join him. Sarah Polley appears as Patrick\'s sister Jennifer; their family chooses to have a final meal together although he leaves prematurely to seek his own finale. Jackie Burroughs makes an appearance as an apparently mentally disturbed woman who jogs around announcing how much time is left before the end. Arsinée Khanjian also appears as a mother on an abandoned streetcar who is paralyzed by despair. In the climax of the film, Patrick and Sandra decide to fulfill the suicide pact that her husband was unable to complete. As midnight approaches, they both sit on the roof facing each other, listening to the song "Guantanamera", each holding a loaded pistol to the other\'s temple. As the final minutes approach, Sandra implores Patrick to resolutely carry out the pact. But as the final seconds approach, both characters are overcome with emotion and simultaneously let their pistols slip away as they slowly embrace in a kiss and the last moments of all the major characters are seen. It is at this moment that the world, and all its variegated characters, are terminated.'] ['The movie revolves around the exploits of Captain Nolan , an Irish Canadian who catches marine animals in order to pay off the mortgage of his boat, and return to Ireland. Nolan\'s crew is looking for a great white shark for a local aquarium, but a scientist named Ken  is being targeted by the shark. A killer whale comes and kills the shark, subsequently saving Ken. This switches Nolan\'s target to the killer whale and while he is on the journey with his crew, he tries to capture what he believes to be a male whale, but mistakenly harpoons a pregnant female. She tries to kill herself and is injured by the boat\'s propellers, but Nolan and his crew get the orca on board, where it subsequently miscarries. The crew hoses the dead fetus overboard as the male looks on screaming. Later that night, seeking release of his near-dead mate, the male orca tries to sink the ship. One of Nolan\'s crew members, Novak , cuts the female off the ship, but the male leaps and drags him into the sea. The following day, the orca pushes his now dead mate onto shore. Alan Swain  berates Nolan on his actions after finding the dead whale on shore. Nolan denies responsibility, but Swain and the villagers eventually find out his involvement. The villagers insist that he stay and kill the whale, as its presence is causing the fish vital to the village\'s economy to migrate. The orca then terrorizes the village, first by sinking two fishing boats in broad daylight and then by breaking fuel lines at night, which causes a fire and subsequent explosion of the village\'s fuel reserves. Dr. Rachel Bedford , colleague of Ken and whale expert, shows him how similar whales are to humans and tells Nolan that, "If he [the orca] is like a human, what he wants isn\'t necessarily what he should have." Nolan confesses to Rachel that he empathises with the whale, as his own wife and unborn child had previously been killed in a car crash caused by a drunk driver. Nolan promises Rachel not to fight the whale, but the whale attacks his sea-front house, containing an injured crew member of Nolan\'s, Annie  within it. The house starts slipping into the sea and the whale bites Annie\'s leg off. Nolan decides to fight the orca, much to the delight of the villagers, although with Novak dead and Annie maimed for life, he and Paul are now the only crew members left. Dr. Bedford and Ken go with him, as well as a native American man, Jacob Umilak , who joins them to share his knowledge. The crew begins to pursue the whale after it signals Nolan to follow him. Ken is leaning over the side when the whale surfaces and grabs him, killing him in the process. They keep following the whale until they start to reach the Strait of Belle Isle. Paul starts to get into a lifeboat, but the maddened orca knocks Paul out of the boat and drowns him. The next day, the whale shoves an iceberg into the boat and starts to sink it. Nolan manages to harpoon the whale just before he and Dr. Bedford escape from the boat, while Umilak is crushed beneath an avalanche of ice just after sending out an SOS. Nolan and Dr. Bedford hide in an iceberg, but Nolan slips onto another. The orca separates the icebergs, trapping Nolan. The whale jumps onto the ice, causing it to tilt and send Nolan into the water. The whale lifts Nolan up with his tail and throws him onto another iceberg, killing him. Dr. Bedford looks on in shock as Nolan slips into the water in a cross shape. With his revenge complete, the whale swims under the ice Southward, while a helicopter is seen to rescue Dr. Bedford.'] ['Buck narrates saying, "How do you describe both a beginning and an end? We should have known better, but we didn\'t. What does it matter what we think we know? In the end there\'s no denying the truth." A young television journalist for a news network called GNN, Buck Williams, reports from Israel about a new technology with which food will grow almost anywhere, he is interviewing Israeli scientist Chaim Rosenzweig. He calls this a miracle of Chaim\'s making. Suddenly, Arab Mikoyan MiG-29 fighter jets fly over, attempting to attack Israel with a vicious air raid. The sun disappears even though it is still in the mid-day. A missile hits near Buck and Chaim as they retreat to a military bunker. The jets start exploding and crashing down even though Israel forces didn\'t fire a single shot and a commander states they how Israel, "can\'t get those planes up". Buck runs outside with the news camera and records the drama as some GNN executives and reporters watch back in Chicago. The jets explode and crash to the ground and the entire force is destroyed. The story shifts to Pilot Rayford Steele, who has been called in for an emergency flight from New York to London, thus forcing him to abandon his son, Raymie\'s, birthday party. Despite his wife\'s and his daughter\'s protests, he sets out on the flight and leaves his family behind. Rayford\'s daughter, Chloe Steele, is leaving for her college exams. Buck, having decided to go to London for an investigation of the attack, boards Rayford\'s plane. On the flight a flight attendant, Hattie Durham, walks into the cockpit and asks who wants coffee and reveals she\'s taking a job at the UN and this is her last flight. Rayford ends up kissing Hattie outside the cockpit. Later during the flight some passengers awaken to realize that several of their fellow passengers are missing. Panic sets in as Rayford and his crew try to contain this situation. Buck helps Hattie try to keep the passengers calm. Upon returning to the flight cockpit, they discover that people  are mysteriously disappearing worldwide and even planes are down from missing flight crews, and crashes everywhere. He is forced to turn the plane back and land in Chicago. Shortly after landing, Buck locates Rayford and asks him to fly him to NYC. Rayford refuses, saying that he has to be with his family, but tells Buck that he knows of a pilot. He asks Buck to go with him and they drive to his suburban home. Meanwhile, Chloe is driving home from her college exams when she encounters a large traffic accident. She goes to check on a crashed semi, whose driver vanished. People are reporting abandoned cars and children missing from their seats. While Chloe is inspecting the carnage, her car is stolen by a hurt man and she is stranded on the wrecked highway. She eventually starts walking down the highway. Rayford discovers that his wife and son are missing. He and Buck are forced to stay in the house because of a military-enforced curfew. Rayford starts crying, he starts to get upset that he smashes a mirror with his wife\'s Bible, which later he starts to read. Chloe returns home and reunites with her father. Soon Chloe goes downstairs and discovers Buck sleeping on the couch. After conversing about her missing family, Chloe drives Buck to the Airport and goes to look for her younger brother. Buck takes a plane to New York with pilot Ken Ritz. Rayford, trying to find Chloe, finally finds her in an elementary school and scolds her for running away. He apologizes and suggests they search the church because that\'s is where they were most happy. Chloe refuses to go to church, saying that her mother was happiest when Ray was home. After Chloe returns home, Rayford goes to New Hope Village Church  and finds Pastor Bruce Barnes. Bruce knew about God, but didn\'t follow Jesus and was part of the people who were left behind. After raging at God, he begs for forgiveness and asks God for a second chance to help people. Rayford enters the church and kneels next to Bruce. Rayford tells Bruce that God already has used him. They then watch a videotape left by another Reverend Billings dealing with the Rapture, in which all the believers are taken to heaven, while the rest are left behind to endure the tribulation, a horrible 7 year period of time. When Buck gets to New York City, he finds that his friend Dirk Burton has been killed. While he is there, he takes a computer disc and is almost shot by a sniper. Buck decodes the computer disc and finds that someone is trying to bankrupt the UN in order to control the world\'s food supply. Rayford confronts Hattie, telling her that their "affair" was wrong, and that he wants her forgiveness. She leaves in a huff, but Rayford tells Chloe about God and she says she believes. Meanwhile, Buck flies back to Chicago to meet with Alan Thompkins . After the meeting, a car bomb kills Alan, and Buck narrowly escapes. He goes to Rayford\'s house, because they are the only ones Buck knows in Chicago. Taking the wounded Buck to New Hope Church , Rayford and Bruce show Buck the tape that Reverend Billings made. Buck, however, does not fully believe the claims, and he goes to the UN to warn Chaim about the impending mistake. Rayford and Chloe attempt to stop him, because he doesn\'t have God on his side. Buck ignores the Steele\'s advice and goes to the UN anyway. After his departure, Rayford and Chloe pray for him. At the UN, Buck warns Chaim and Nicolae. He sees the plans for the new Israeli temple, and realizes that everything Rayford, Chloe and Bruce told him was true. Before the meeting Buck finally accepts God and asks Him to show him The Way. When God complies, he realizes that UN Secretary-General Nicolae Carpathia is the Antichrist when he reveals his plan for world domination. His plans for rebuilding the temple of Israel are a logical first step to this end. He shoots Jonathan Stonagal and Joshua Todd-Cothran, who behind the plot to bankrupt the UN. Then, Nicolae brainwashes the new "kings and queens"  into thinking that Stonagal rushed a guard, took his gun and then shot Cothran and himself. Everyone, even the press, believes him except Buck. Buck later asks Chaim what he saw and Chaim says he saw the ruse. Hattie states it\'s terrible because Nicolae was such good friends with them. Buck then heads back out of the UN and returns to the church, knocks on the door, and Chloe hugs and lets him in and Rayford and Bruce smile and shake his hand. Narrating, Buck says the "seven years of peace" declared by Nicolae will be the seven worst years mankind has ever seen, and that faith is all we need.'] ["{{Plot}} The prologue of the movie is set in rural farmland in Dannebrog, Nebraska. Bob Iverson, a storm chaser, is driving down the road and manages to save a family from an oncoming tornado. Meanwhile, Dan Hatch lives in Grand Island Nebraska, along with his stepfather Jack, mother Laura, and baby half-brother, Ryan. Dan is an aspiring and practicing artist, but is constantly pushed by Jack to be an athlete. The characters in the movie are Dan's family, along with Dan's friend Arthur. Arthur has two sisters, Stacey and Ronnie. Jack's mother, Belle, and Laura's sister, Jenny, are more secondary characters. Bob Iverson, arrives in Blainesworth tracking a massive storm that is arriving near the town. The action begins when Jack comes home and sits down to watch TV and his show is interrupted by a severe weather announcement about a tornado sighting 14 miles northwest of Blainsworth, near the town of Dannebrog. The excitement continues as Dan and Arthur struggle to find their family, while Laura and Jenny are trapped inside the local diner. They then go save their grandmother, Belle, at her farm. Dan finds Jack on a closed road covered in fallen power lines, and pulls him from his overturned truck, and sees this as an opportunity for his father to finally see him as reliable. However, Jack just gives a simple thank-you to the fact that Dan saved him from multiple dangers and the fact that Dan may have been the only one down the road as it was blocked by policemen saying it was unsafe. Eventually Jack, Dan, Stacey, Arthur, and Ryan leave the shelter to go home and look for Laura. Just as Jack's truck pulls into the driveway Jenny, Bob, and Laura also drive up, and the family is reunited. As soon as everyone reunites, three tornadoes touch down near them. Bob, realizing no adequate shelter is available, advises the group to make a run for it. They, along with Bob and Jenny, make it to an overpass as the twister nearly sucks up Dan before it dissipates into the air. They walk out from under the overpass just as the sun rises on a clear day and the storm has passed. At the end of the film, Dan explains that he is going out with Arthur's sister, Stacey, while Arthur became class president, and Bob and Jenny got married and pregnant with twins. He also tells that his grandma, Belle, died the following year in '97."] ["Alan  comes to believe that he is the last person on Earth after some sort of apocalypse destroyed the human race. But soon he meets the beautiful Sarah , and falls in love with her. She doesn't feel too much for Alan, who is not physically attractive to her, but is very afraid he shouldn't leave her alone. Then they meet Raphael , a much better looking and more charismatic man, who soon starts a relationship with Sarah. Alan plots to expel Raphael, and succeeds. When he comes back, it is revealed that Sarah send out balloons with notes for him to come back, and they in turn expel Alan."] ['In a post-apocalyptic future, human survivors are fighting a group of mutant monsters they refer to as "Gargoyles". These creatures reproduce quickly by raping human women and impregnating them. The gestation period is short and deadly. The creatures are very strong and merciless. They are vulnerable to the high-pitched frequency of a dog whistle . The film revolves around a group of humans fighting the "Gargoyles" from an underground bunker. Abortion becomes a topic of debate between the humans when one of the characters is raped by one of the creatures; they are unsure if the woman is pregnant by her human partner or the monster. It soon becomes clear who the real father is.'] ['A lone cop is the only hope for a ski resort held hostage by a white supremacist jewel thief in this action thriller.'] ["Set on the fictional Pacific island of Talua in French Polynesia, some 500 miles from Tahiti, Father Doonan , has been relieved of his duties by Father Perreau . Father Doonan has fallen out of favor with the island's residents because he stumbled on the island's carefully hidden secret  among the children of the islands. He built a hospital for the children up the island's volcano. Meanwhile, three convicts Harry , Charlie  and Marcel , en route to Tahiti, make an unexpected stop on the island and they are put to work at the leper hospital. All is seemingly normal until the island's volcano begins to erupt and the Governor  orders an evacuation. The governor cannot reach the freighter that has just left the island and plans to evacuate the island with one seaplane and a schooner. The children are still on the slope of the volcano in the hospital and Father Doonan is desperate to rescue them. When the freighter suddenly appears back at the island, Father Doonan convinces the island's governor to drop some men to rescue the children. The schooner agrees to wait until 4:00 PM the next day for them before he has to leave due to the tides. The convicts agree to parachute to the hospital with Father Doonan to rescue the children and staff of the hospital in the hope of getting their sentences commuted by the authorities. They face fire, lava, earthquakes, and dwindling time to escape to safety. All must work together if any are to survive. Eventually, most of the children and the staff are rescued and board the schooner. Prisoner Marcel drowns in a mud pit. Charlie is fatally hurt when the bridge he is holding up to reinforce collapses and fatally injures him after everyone else is across. Father Doonan stays with him. Harry sees the children and staff to the schooner and goes back to wait with his friends. He is trapped on one side of the chasm while Father Doonan and Charlie are on the other side. Father Doonan gives Charlie the last rites when he dies and begins to ask for forgiveness for his sins as the entire island explodes  in a volcanic paroxysm."] ["Soon after Harry Baldwin , his wife Ann , their son Rick , and daughter Karen  leave suburban Los Angeles on a camping trip, the Baldwins note unusually bright light flashes coming from a great distance. Sporadic news reports on CONELRAD broadcasts hint at the start of a World War, which is confirmed as the Baldwins see a large mushroom cloud over what was Los Angeles. The family initially attempts to return to rescue Ann's mother near Los Angeles, but soon abandons these plans as panicked refugees climb over one another to escape the fallout from the multiple nuclear explosions. Witnessing the very threads of society breaking down in front of them, Harry decides that the family must find refuge at their secluded vacation spot. Along the way, they stop to buy supplies, or, in the case of hardware store owner Ed Johnson , take them by force when he won't accept a check. They also encounter three threatening young hoodlums, Carl , Mickey , and Andy , on the road, but manage to drive them off. After a harrowing journey, the Baldwins reach their destination, finding shelter in a cave as they wait for order to be restored. They find that Johnson and his wife are their neighbors - but not for long. The three thugs appear and shoot them. A farming couple suffers the same fate and their teenage daughter, Marilyn  is kept as a sex slave. Karen is also raped when Mickey and Andy happen upon her. With guns in hand, the Baldwin men fight back, killing the two murderers and freeing Marilyn. When Carl returns, he is killed as well, but Rick is seriously wounded. With Marilyn's help, they get the young man to Doctor Strong . The doctor does what he can, but the boy needs to get to an army hospital over a hundred miles  away for a blood transfusion or he will die. On their drive there, they run into a military patrol, scouting for the army that is reestablishing order. After a tense meeting, they are allowed to continue."] ["Tetsuo Okita  is a former businessman who lost his manufacturing company to bankruptcy and separated from his wife and son a year earlier. Desperate to make ends meet and start over, he collaborates with activist Masaru Koga  and his former employee Hiroshi Ōshiro  in an elaborate plot to extort money from the government. Hikari 109 is a high-speed Bullet Train carrying 1,500 passengers from Tokyo to Hakata. Shortly after Hikari 109{{'}}s departure, railway security head Miyashita  is notified by Okita that a bomb has been planted aboard the train, and it will explode if the train slows down below 80 km/h. As proof of the bomb's efficiency, Okita tells Miyashita that a similar bomb has been placed on freight train 5790 bound from Yūbari to Oiwake. When freight train 5790 indeed explodes, Hikari 109{{'}}s conductor Aoki  is informed by Shinkansen director Kuramochi  not to slow down the train below 120 km/h while the security personnel aboard the train search for the bomb - thus delaying the trip to Hakata by three hours. Police officials back in Tokyo are tasked to either find the bomber or the bomb first. Back aboard Hikari 109, passengers start becoming weary when security does a second search, demanding for the train to stop. For the duration of the journey, Kuramochi must coordinate with Aoki on timing the train's speed and position to avoid incoming traffic while keeping it safe from the speed-sensitive detonator. Okita calls the National Railway authorities again; this time, he demands US$5 million in an aluminum suitcase in exchange for the safety of Hikari 109{{'}}s passengers. As the Prime Minister has the money ready, police find their first lead when a cigarette pack containing fingerprints of Koga are found at Yūbari station prior to freight train 5790's departure. Meanwhile, passengers aboard Hikari 109 start to panic when the train passes through Nagoya, with a pregnant passenger named Kazuko Hirao  going into labor. As a means of settling down the passengers, co-engineer Kikuchi  tells them of the bomb on board. National Railway officials are in further disdain when they realize that the bomb is attached to one of the train's wheels. Okita once more calls the officials and tells them to send the money northbound via helicopter and land at Yorii High School. Officer Senda , who carries the suitcase, is then instructed to cross the Arakawa River; upon reaching Iwate, the suitcase is roped and pulled up a cliff by Ōshiro. However, Ōshiro is forced to drop the case and retreat when police yell at a university judo team jogging nearby of his presence. Fleeing via motorcycle, Ōshiro finds himself tailed by several squad cars until he collides with one and is killed after hitting a light post. The passengers once again panic when a businessman threatens to pull the emergency door latch open as the train passes through Osaka; they are further exacerbated when they hear of Ōshiro's death on the radio. Meanwhile, police locate Koga, but fail to arrest him, despite wounding him during the chase. Koga limps back into Okita's hideout to have his gunshot wound tended. Okita ponders on giving up his mission, as he has failed to prevent any bloodshed, but Koga convinces him to carry on. As police trace the bomb parts to Okita's former company in Shimura, Okita makes another phone call and tells Miyashita to drop the money at an abandoned truck by the Kanda motorway in 10 minutes. After the police do as instructed, Okita takes the suitcase and makes his getaway. Back aboard the train, Kazuko loses her baby and is in need of a blood transfusion. Okita then calls Miyashita and tells him to pick up a diagram of the bomb at Sun Plaza cafe in Shinbashi. Unfortunately, the cafe is destroyed in a fire by the time police arrive. When the police surround Okita's hideout, Koga blows himself up with a stick of dynamite rather than turn himself in. With no other options left, Kuramochi goes on television to make an appeal for Okita to help them disable the bomb. On the train, Shinji Fujio , a former accomplice of Okita being escorted after his arrest, reveals that Okita is on his way out of Japan using a false name. With the help of high-speed cameras, the Shinkansen authorities manage to locate the bomb underneath the second coach. Kuramochi relays the information to Aoki and sends a rescue train to provide welding equipment to cut an access hole where the bomb is. Aoki succeeds in defusing the bomb, but the authorities suspect a second bomb located elsewhere underneath the train. Despite this, the government gives the order to stop the train. Aoki manages to stop Hikari 109 without incident. As Kuramochi leaves the main control room to regain his composure, he discovers that his appeal is still being broadcasted on TV. Miyashita explains that this is part of the police's trap for Okita. Overwhelmed by the pressure of the day's situation, Kuramochi resigns from his position. Meanwhile, at Haneda Airport, Okita prepares to board his flight, but his cover is blown when his ex-wife Yasuko Tomita  and son Kenichi spot him. He is shot dead while attempting to escape outside the airport."] ['Jack Hall  is a paleoclimatologist on an expedition in Antarctica with colleagues Frank  and Jason . They are drilling for ice core samples on the Larsen Ice Shelf for the NOAA when the shelf breaks off and Jack almost falls to his death, but he is saved at the last second, and they finish their expedition. Later on, in New Delhi, India, Jack presents his findings on global warming at a United Nations conference, where diplomats and Vice President of the United States Raymond Becker  are unconvinced by Jack\'s findings. However, Professor Terry Rapson  of the Hedland Climate Research Centre in Scotland believes in Jack\'s theories. Several buoys in the North Atlantic simultaneously show a massive drop in the ocean temperature, and Rapson concludes that melting polar ice is disrupting the North Atlantic current. He contacts Jack, whose paleoclimatological weather model shows how climate changes caused the first Ice Age, and can predict what will happen. Jack thought the events would take hundreds or thousands of years, but his team, along with NASA\'s meteorologist Janet Tokada , builds a forecast model with their combined data. Across the world, violent weather causes mass destruction, including a massive snowstorm in New Delhi, a powerful hailstorm striking Tokyo, Japan, and a series of devastating tornadoes in Los Angeles. President Blake  authorizes the FAA to suspend all air traffic due to severe turbulence. At the International Space Station  three astronauts see a huge storm system spanning the northern hemisphere, delaying their returning home. The situation worsens when the latter develops into three massive hurricane-like super storms with eyes holding extremely cold air that instantly freezes anything it comes in contact with. Jack\'s theories become reality in seven to ten days\' time. Meanwhile, Jack\'s son Sam  is in New York City for an academic competition with his friends Brian and Laura , where they also befriend a student named J.D. . On the flight over there is severe turbulence and Sam grabs Laura\'s hand in fright. During the competition, birds migrating south suddenly fill the sky as animals all over New York become agitated. The weather becomes increasingly violent with intense winds and rains, causing the traffic-jammed Manhattan streets to become flooded knee-deep in a mix of rainwater, saltwater, and sewage. Sam calls his father, promising to be on the next train home, but the subways and Grand Central Terminal are closed due to flooding. As the storm worsens a massive storm surge hits Manhattan, causing major flooding and killing thousands in the chaos. Sam and his friends seek shelter in the New York Public Library, but not before Laura gets wounded, cutting her leg on a submerged taxicab. While survivors in the northern United States are forced to stay inside due to the cold, President Blake orders the evacuation of the southern states, causing almost all of the refugees to head to Mexico. Initially Mexico closes its US border, but President Blake negotiates to open the border. Jack and his team set out for Manhattan to find his son. Their truck crashes into a tractor just past Philadelphia, so the group continues on snowshoes. During the journey, Frank falls through the glass roof of a snow-covered shopping mall. As Jason and Jack try to pull Frank up, the glass under them continues to crack and Frank sacrifices himself by cutting the rope and falling to the floor far below. Meanwhile in Mexico, Vice President Raymond Becker hears from the Secretary of State that President Blake\'s motorcade was caught in one of the super storms before he could make it to Mexico, so Becker is sworn in as the new President. Inside the library, Sam warns everyone to stay indoors, but few listen. The small group that remains burns books to stay alive and breaks the vending machine for food. Laura appeared to have a cold, so Sam comforts her and later confesses that he joined the team because he held feelings for her. Laura and Sam share a kiss. Soon afterward, the group find out that Laura is afflicted with blood poisoning from her cut leg\'s being infected by the sewage-tainted water, so Sam, Brian and J.D. search for penicillin in a derelict Russian cargo ship that drifted inland, and are attacked by starving wolves that have escaped from the local zoo. The eye of the super storm begins to pass over the city, instantly freezing everything from the top down. The three barely get back to the library with the medicine, food and supplies they were able to scavenge. During the deep freeze, Jack and Jason take shelter in an abandoned Wendy\'s restaurant, then resume their journey after the astronauts confirm the storm\'s dissipation, finally arriving in New York. They discover the library buried in snow, but find Sam\'s group alive. They radio this in and the President orders in UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters flown in New York. President Becker orders search and rescue teams to look for other survivors  as he gives his first address to the nation. As the main characters are evacuated and flown over the city, they see that hundreds of other helicopters searching for more survivors find success as people from other skyscrapers flock to the roofs, looking for a ride to safety. The movie concludes with the astronauts looking down at Earth from the Space Station, showing most of the northern hemisphere covered in ice and snow, with one of the astronauts calling it "the clearest atmosphere [he\'s] ever seen."'] ["A magnitude 10.5 earthquake destroys most of Los Angeles, California and triggers a massive tsunami which causes massive damage to Waikiki, Hawaii. It turns out to be only the first of a series of seismic events, including the awakening of extinct volcanoes, sudden instability of aquifers, and awakening of ancient faults. The Hoover Dam in Boulder City, Nevada and Arizona collapses when Lake Mead starts to heat up and expand beyond the spillway's capacity. Las Vegas, Nevada is then destroyed when acidic water undermines underground limestone, creating a massive sinkhole. The worst of the seismic events is a massive fault which has opened up under South Dakota, destroying Mount Rushmore in the process. The geologists at the United States Geological Survey don't understand why seismic events which usually take centuries or longer would be happening so rapidly, but Dr. Samantha Hill remembers that her father had once theorized that the earth's tectonic plates would reach a point of maximum separation, at which point they would reverse direction. The theory also states that related seismic activity would be vastly accelerated during the initial period of reversal. However, Dr. Earl Hill had been ostracized by the USGS for that theory, and had abandoned geology to become a successful professional poker player. When Las Vegas sinks into the ground, he is caught in the casino of the  Atlas Hotel. The second part of the miniseries begins with Dr. Hill's rescue from the ruins of the Atlas Hotel just before it is swallowed up completely. At the same time, a massive fault line forms in North Dakota, passing through South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Oklahoma. If it reaches Houston, Texas and the Gulf of Mexico, as predicted, the mid-western plains will be covered by a new ocean, just as they were thousands of years ago. A massive evacuation of the region is ordered, as earthquakes strike Sedona, Arizona destroying the Chapel of the Holy Cross in the process. However, the  nuclear plant in Red Plains, Texas, is right in the fault's path. If it is destroyed, the entire area and hundreds of miles around will be contaminated by nuclear waste. Dr. Earl Hill comes up with a desperate plan to divert the fault around the nuclear plant by opening up a secondary fault running east, by a controlled demolition which explosively ignites the massive natural gas reserves in the area. The main fault follows the new path around Red Plains, saving the nuclear plant. However, nothing can stop the fault altogether. Once again it turns south, slicing through the middle of Houston to reach the Gulf of Mexico. At the same time, the northern half of the fault has reached Hudson Bay. When the waters rush into the fault, they create a new ocean which splits the United States and Canada in half."] ['An introductory text explains how the USA gradually became strategically isolated when several European nations, except the United Kingdom, withdrew their membership in NATO. At the same time, the Warsaw Pact are aggressively expanding their sphere of influence. In addition, the Ukrainian wheat harvest fails and a communist coup occurs in Mexico. On a September morning in the small town of Calumet, Colorado, a local high school teacher pauses mid sentence when he sees paratroopers landing in a nearby field. These are Russian Airborne Troops, who promptly open fire when the teacher confronts them. Pandemonium follows as students flee amid heavy gunfire. In downtown Calumet, Cuban and Soviet troops are trying to impose order after a hasty occupation. Shortly thereafter, Colonel Bella  instructs the KGB to go to the local sporting goods store and obtain the records of the store\'s gun sales on the ATF\'s Form 4473, which includes the names of citizens who have purchased firearms. Jed Eckert, his brother Matt, and their friends Robert, Danny, Daryl, and Aardvark, flee into the wilderness after hastily equipping themselves at Robert\'s father\'s sporting goods store. While on the way to the mountains, they run into a Russian blockade, but are saved by a US Army helicopter gunship that destroys the blockade. After several weeks in the forest, they sneak back into town; Jed and Matt learn that their father has been captured and is being held in a re-education camp. They visit the site and speak to him through the fence; Mr. Eckert orders his sons to abandon him, and to "avenge" his inevitable death. They then visit the Masons and learn that they are behind enemy lines in "Occupied America"  and that Robert\'s father has been executed because the guns from his store - the ones he gave to the boys - were found to be missing by the occupation authorities. The couple also charge the boys with taking care of their two granddaughters, Toni and Erica. After killing some Soviet soldiers in the woods, the youths begin an armed resistance against the occupation forces calling themselves "Wolverines" after their high school mascot. Initially the occupation forces try reprisal tactics, executing groups of civilians following every Wolverine attack, in hopes of intimidating the local population and compelling the Wolverines to surrender or desist from further attacks. During one of these executions the Eckert brothers\' father is killed. Daryl\'s father, Calumet\'s Mayor Bates , tries to appease the occupation authorities. The teenagers find a downed United States Air Force F-15 pilot, Lt. Col. Andrew Tanner and learn about the current state of the war: several cities such as Washington, D.C., Kansas City, and Omaha have been obliterated, America\'s Strategic Air Command has been crippled in a surprise attack by Cuban saboteurs who had posed as immigrants illegally crossing the US-Mexico border, and the paratroopers the youths have encountered were dropped from fake commercial airliners to seize key positions in preparation for subsequent massive assaults via Mexico and Alaska. The middle third of the US has been taken over, but American counterattacks have halted Soviet progress and the lines have stabilized. Concerned about nuclear fallout, both sides refrain from the further use of nuclear weapons. Tanner then assists the Wolverines in organizing raids against the Soviets. Soon after, in a visit to the front line, Tanner and Aardvark are killed in a battle between a US and two Soviet tanks. As a result of the escalating attacks, Soviet commanders now view the Wolverines as a serious threat. Using threats of torture, KGB officers force Daryl to swallow a tracking device, then release him to rejoin the guerrillas. Spetsnaz are sent into the mountains following these signals, but are ambushed and killed by the Wolverines. The group discovers that their pursuers are carrying portable radio triangulation equipment and trace the source of the signal to their friend. Daryl confesses and pleads for mercy but is coldly executed by Robert after Jed executes a Soviet soldier captured during the battle. The Wolverines\' morale erodes as the war of attrition takes its toll. The remaining members are ambushed by three helicopter gunships after being baited by a truck dropping supplies on the road, and Robert and Toni are killed, leaving the group reduced to four. Determined to save at least some of their number, Jed and Matt attack the Soviet headquarters in Calumet to distract the troops while Danny and Erica escape to liberated territory. The plan works as Danny and Erica escape, while Jed and Matt are wounded. Though Colonel Bella encounters the brothers, he cannot bring himself to kill them and lets them go. Still, it is implied that the brothers die in the park where the two spent time as kids. The film\'s epilogue is narrated by Erica and suggests that the United States repelled the invasion some time later. A plaque is displayed with "Partisan Rock" in the background, which has been a recurring motif throughout the film as each dead comrade\'s name has been inscribed upon it. The plaque reads:  ...In the early days of World War III, guerrillas - mostly children - placed the names of their lost upon this rock. They fought here alone and gave up their lives, so that this nation shall not perish from the earth.'] ['Mrs Julia Sturges , who is at the time estranged from her husband Richard , is traveling first class on the RMS Titanic. Determined to remove her children from her husband Richard\'s "high society" world in Europe, Julia secretly takes their two children, 17-year-old Annette  and ten-year-old Norman , on the Titanic and plans to raise them in her hometown of Mackinac, Michigan. However, after he learns of her plans, Richard pays a premium to buy a steerage ticket from a Basque immigrant in hopes of intercepting them and taking the children back to Europe. Richard and Julia talk about the custody of Annette and Norman over their first dinner on board. Other passengers include a wealthy woman of working-class origins based on Molly Brown, Maude Young ; a social-climbing snob, Earl Meeker ; a 20-year-old Purdue University tennis player, Gifford Rogers , who falls in love with Annette Sturges; and a priest who has been suspended for alcoholism, George S. Healey . Julia realizes that Annette is old enough to make her own decisions and, therefore, may choose to return to Europe with her father, but she insists on maintaining custody of Norman. This angers Richard, and later, prior to dining at the captain\'s table, he aggressively confronts Julia. She then reveals to him that Norman is not his biological child but, rather, the result of a one-night stand she had after leaving a party where she was being belittled in the days before Richard had "made [her] over into [his] image." He agrees to relinquish custody of Norman , being cold and distant from them. Richard joins Maude, Earl, and George Widener in the lounge to play bridge with them. Norman tries to get Richard to play shuffleboard with him, but he yells at him, sending him away. Giff teaches Annette the "Navajo Rag," and she finds herself smitten with him. That night Giff, Annette, and a group of college students sing and play the piano in the dining room, and from a corner table, Captain Smith watches. Suddenly the lookout spots an iceberg, and although the crew tries to steer clear of danger, the ship is cut open by the iceberg. Julia and Norman are awakened by the crash and Annette tells them that the ship has hit an iceberg. Richard tells his family to dress warmly, but properly; then, they head outside. Richard and Julia have a tearful reconciliation on the boat deck, as he is putting Julia and the children in famous Lifeboat #6. Later, Norman gives up his seat in the full lifeboat so that a woman can be accommodated, and goes looking for his father. They reunite as the Titanic is in her final moments. Richard tells a passing steward that Norman is his \'son\' and then tells the boy that he has been proud of him every day of his life and that he feels "tall as a mountain" standing by the boy\'s side. Then, they join the rest of the passengers and crew in singing the hymn "Nearer, My God, to Thee." The Titanic rises high in the air, explodes twice more, and rapidly sinks. Richard and Norman both drown. Giff Rogers falls into the ocean while trying to free a stuck lifeboat and is rescued by the passengers in Lifeboat #7. He survives. Meeker disguises himself as a woman and gains admittance to a lifeboat. He also survives, although Young recognizes him and calls him out in front of the other people in the lifeboat. George Healey tries to pull himself together as the ship is sinking, and goes below , joining crewmen who have been trapped in the engine room.'] ['While Dori Thorell  and her 9-year-old son, Danny , eat breakfast, Sam Thorell  calls from his business trip. Ballerina Diane Agostini  is on the phone with her father when a blender shakes off the counter. Dismissing it, she ends the call and rushes off to a rehearsal session at the New York City Ballet. Public defender Evie Lincoln  talks with her client Joshua Bingham  about his case. That evening, tremors cause a gas leak at Diane\'s apartment complex. Though the electricity is still on in the evacuated building, Fire Chief Thomas Ahearn  sends his crew inside. The building explodes, killing several men. At a party at Gracie Mansion, Evie\'s grandmother Emily Lincoln  chastises her for being late. Her father, Mayor Bruce Lincoln , coerces her into going to a job interview at a big law firm. The next day, Ahearn drops his daughter, Christine, off at high school. She expresses annoyance at his quitting to get "revenge" against the "stupid" mayor over budgeting issues. At the courthouse, Joshua is found not guilty of murdering his invalid wife. Diane meets her father for lunch to get money. When she leaves, she catches a cab driven by recent Russian immigrant Nikolai Karvoski . An earthquake hits the city, toppling many buildings and structures. Nikolai\'s cab is smashed by falling debris, forcing Nikolai and Diane to flee down the street. A gas main explodes as the sidewalk pushes up between them. Diane saves his life after he falls and catches on fire. In the subway tunnel, the train Evie and Joshua are riding derails after the tunnel collapses. After the earthquake stops, Diane, accompanied by Nikolai, goes back to the restaurant and finds her father fatally injured. He dies after telling her he is proud of her. In the subway, Joshua wants to leave the badly injured driver and any other survivors to get out, but before he can convince Evie and the others to leave they hear someone calling for help. Chief Ahearn returns to his fire station to find the building partially collapsed. With the central dispatch system down, he contacts Jillian Parnell , a reporter for WCBS-TV, who is flying over the city, to get an update on the situation. Both 1 Police Plaza and City Hall have collapsed, and he asks them to come pick him up. At the church, an injured Emily wakes up to find a teenage boy  that she helped get a job there is searching her wallet, but moves to try to find a way out after seeing she is still alive. Despite her protests, Nikolai initially remains with Diane as she tries to find her mother, but they eventually part ways. Ahearn sees that his daughter\'s school has collapsed, but continues on to Central Park where a temporary camp is being set up. He finds the Mayor and they agree to ignore Ahearn\'s resignation and put aside their differences to help the citizens of their city. A large break in the sewer is causing hundreds of gallons of water to begin flooding into the subway system. Ahearn goes to his daughter\'s school after learning there are survivors. Christine is among the three survivors, but she dies during an aftershock before they can free her. At the church, Emily learns that the boy has no name, just a street name. She asks him to take the name of her late son, Clayton, who died as a baby. Shortly after, he is able to escape through a break in the ceiling and get help. Dori arrives at Danny\'s school where she learns he is stuck on the top floor and rescue efforts are failing. Sam arrives as Dori prepares to scale the building to save their son. Diane finds looters in her mother\'s apartment, but Nikolai arrives and finds a note saying her mother is at a friends. The mayor arrives at the hospital where he learns his mother is dead. He thanks Clayton for trying to help her and asks Ahearn to try to help the boy, who is despondent over not being able to save her. In the subway, Joshua, Evie, and one other survivor, Allen , break from the others and find a ladder out. Joshua climbs up, followed by Evie. As Allen is climbing, Joshua breaks the ladder. He confirms Evie\'s growing suspicions that he did kill his wife and attacks her. When he hears someone coming, he tries to escape up another ladder but an aftershock breaks it and he is killed. Evie points her rescuers to where the other survivors are waiting. Dori successfully climbs the school, where Danny has to jump into her arms. The cable breaks, but they land safely on an inflated mat below and are reunited with Sam. At the end of the film, the city is shown still being rebuilt a year later. Mayor Lincoln and Ahearn are now close friends; Dori and Sam are shown teaching Danny how to rock-climb; and Diane is a prima ballerina and married to Nikolai.'] ['When a star gone supernova threatens to destroy the Earth, an astrophysicist puts together a dangerous and desperate plan to shield the Earth from the destructive burst of radiation heading toward it.'] ['The film follows a pilot and crew of a World War II-era Douglas C-47 Skytrain  who try to survive after a forced emergency landing in the uncharted wildlands near the Quebec-Labrador border. The pilot, Dooley , is a former airline pilot, who, like many others, was pressed into duty hauling war supplies across the northern route to England. Icy conditions force the aircraft to land, and with the difficulties of navigating far from settled country, they can provide only an approximate position to rescuers. After finding a frozen lake for a landing field, while waiting for rescue, Dooley must keep his men alive in the extreme winter cold with temperatures plummeting to -40 degrees F. Back at Air Transport Headquarters, Col. Fuller  gathers fellow airmen  who are determined to find the downed crew before hunger and the winter do them in. Wellman provides internal narrative for the stoic characters. There is tension and a fear-filled meeting among the search pilots when no one is quite sure about what to do, since a wrong decision could doom the missing crew.'] ["After Ryan Weaver is arrested for a murder that he says he did not commit, he must be transported to Los Angeles. He and another prisoner are escorted by four air marshals on a Boeing 747 on a commercial flight. Even though it is Christmas Eve, the plane is nearly empty, with only eight people on board. During the flight, Stubbs, the other prisoner being escorted, breaks free and begins a shootout with the marshals. Amidst the chaos, both the pilot and co-pilot are killed. Weaver frees himself and attempts to save the last remaining marshal, but fails when both Stubbs and the marshal are shot dead. Weaver appears to be horrified by the ordeal, increasing the passengers' trust in him. Because of the death of the pilots, Teri Halloran, a stewardess, makes her way into the cockpit and learns she is the only one left capable of keeping the plane from crashing. To make matters worse, the plane is heading for a Category 6 storm. Weaver's behavior becomes increasingly erratic. He locks the passengers in the crew's cabin and strangles Maggie, one of the other flight attendants. His motives had become clear to Teri after she spoke, via the plane's radio, with the detective who arrested him. Being the only hope for the plane's survival, Halloran must be instructed by radio how to land. Halloran's first attempt is unsuccessful, with the plane skimming an office building and a car park due to Weaver's meddling with the flight controls. She then must turn the plane around and leave L.A. airspace. Halloran begs LAX not to have her shot down as a result of her failed first attempt and insists that she can land the plane. At this point, Weaver, at the peak of his madness, breaks into the cockpit and tries to murder her. Halloran spies one of the marshals' guns, which she uses to kill Weaver. She returns to the pilot's seat and safely lands the plane. Despite the boasts of Weaver that he killed them all, the passengers are found alive."] ['In June 1969, a family, including a five year-old girl named Jo, seek shelter in a storm cellar as a powerful F5 tornado strikes. The storm is so strong that the storm cellar door is ripped off and Jo\'s father is killed. Jo, her mother, and her dog Toby survive. In the present day, Jo , a meteorologist, is reunited with her estranged husband, Bill Harding , a former weather researcher and storm chaser, who has since become a weather reporter. He is planning to marry sex therapist Melissa Reeves , and needs Jo\'s signature on the divorce papers. Jo has built four identical tornado research devices called DOROTHY, based on Bill\'s designs. The device is designed to release hundreds of sensors into the center of a tornado to study its structure from the inside, with the purpose of creating a more advanced storm warning system. Bill and Melissa join Jo and her team of storm chasers, and the team encounters Dr. Jonas Miller , a smug meteorologist and storm chaser. When Bill discovers that Jonas has created a device based on DOROTHY, called DOT-3, he vows to help Jo deploy DOROTHY before Miller can claim credit for the idea. During the first tornado, Jo\'s truck and DOROTHY I are both destroyed. They continue chasing in Bill\'s truck, with Melissa in the back seat. They find a second tornado, a confirmed F2, and head off on a back road when it shifts its track. They soon find themselves driving through heavy rain and Bill\'s truck is spun around until the tornadoes dissipate. The team visits Jo\'s aunt Meg\'s house for food and rest. They soon learn that a "hopping" F3 tornado is on the ground, but they have trouble finding it. Jo drives ahead of the team to intercept the oncoming tornado, but a telephone pole falls on the back of Bill\'s truck and knocks DOROTHY II out onto the road, disabling it. As the tornado lifts and touches down closer, Bill pulls an Jo into the truck and moves to safety. The two confront each other over their marriage and Jo\'s obsession with stopping tornadoes, due to her father\'s death. That following night, an F4 tornado devastates a drive-in cinema, forcing everyone to take shelter in a nearby warehouse. Melissa is traumatized by the experience, and leaves, recognizing the unresolved feelings between Jo and Bill. The tornado hits Wakita, devastating the town and injuring Meg while destroying her house. After Bill and Jo rescue Meg from her collapsing house, they hear that an even stronger storm, an F5, is forming 25 miles south of their position. Inspecting Meg\'s wind chime sculptures, Jo realizes that the most likely method to successfully deploy DOROTHY\'s sensors into a tornado would be to add additional body surface to catch the wind. As they reach the F5, the team adds aluminum to work as wind flaps, but the deployment of DOROTHY III is a failure. Meanwhile, Jonas attempts to deploy DOT-3, but after ignoring warnings from Bill, his truck is caught by the tornado and he and his driver are killed. Jo and Bill set out on their own and are able to deploy the last DOROTHY successfully. Their celebration is cut short, however, as the tornado shifts course towards them. They take shelter in a shed where they anchor themselves to irrigation pipes. The tornado destroys the shed and Jo and Bill find themselves in the vortex of the massive funnel. After the F5 dies out, Jo and Bill find themselves alone on the floor of the former shed. They then decide to run their own lab and rekindle their marriage.'] 