['In the 1980s, video games were synonymous with arcades, and games were bringing in enough quarters to fill the Rose Bowl. This led Iowa entrepreneur Walter Day to declare himself the sole authority on high scores. In 1982, Day launched his Twin Galaxies International Scoreboard. Teenage superstars came from all over North America to join Walter in a Life magazine feature spread, which recognized them as video game world champions. This led to the nationally televised 1982 Video Game World Championships, a touring National Video Game Team, and the promise of fame, fortune and groupies. The film revisits Day and the Life players, now middle-aged men, as they reminisce on the arcade scene, its demise, and the dreams that crashed with it.'] ["Told through archival photos and footage, space historians, testimony from the chimps trainers, and through the people who fought for the space chimps peaceful retirement, the film explores the compelling journey of the United States Air Force space from their primate predecessors and early rocket tests to Ham and Enos as they made their ground breaking missions into space. The story reveals the space chimps’ triumphs and tragedies and brings to light the virtually unknown account of how the colony was rewarded for their long and challenging service to NASA, the Air Force, and the United States. Featured in the documentary are interviews with Dr. Carole Noon who heads up the Save the Chimps sanctuary, Dr. Jane Goodall and archival footage of President Kennedy's famous space exploration speech delivered at Rice University. The Film also recounts the stories of many early primate missions including those of Able and Baker, and Gordo."] ['The film is about the harsh period of Reconstruction after the American Civil War in rural southern states. The period was marked with a number of deadly race riots and angry insurgencies in the south. The movie focuses on the rise of the Ku Klux Klan from a six-member group of veterans of the Confederate Army into a terrorist organization. It tells of the battles between Ku Klux Klan First Grand Wizard Nathan Bedford Forrest and Governor of Tennessee William Gannaway Brownlow, the Memphis and New Orleans Massacres, the Lowry War in Robeson County, North Carolina, as well as Arkansas\' conflict with the clan. The footage consists of interviews with top historians, historical content, and recreated segments as told by narrator Mike Hodge. Director David Padrusch makes a cameo appearance as a \'Freedmen Bureau Agent\' who is executed by the Ku Klux Klan in the film. The DVD release of the program in 2007 contains bonus documentaries: "Images of the Civil War" and "Tales of the Gun: Guns of the Civil War".'] ["The film is a hybrid between narrative structure and documentary style set to interweave throughout the film's plot."] ["Computer experts around the world strive towards the development of intelligent robots. Pioneers like Raymond Kurzweil and Hiroshi Ishiguro dream of fashioning intelligent machines that will equal their human creators. In this potential reality, man and machine merge as a single unity. Rejecting evolution's biological shackles tantalisingly dangles the promise of eternal life for those bold enough to seize it. But others, like Joseph Weizenbaum, counter attack against society's limitless faith in the redemptive powers of technology. Eloquent and tactful, he questions the prevailing discourses on new technologies, and their ethical relationships to human life. The film delves into a world where computer technology, robotics, biology, neuroscience, and developmental psychology merge and features the world’s leading roboticists in their laboratories in Japan, the USA, Italy and Germany."] ['Contemporary New Orleans jazz musicians discuss their childhood introductions to music in Baptist churches and through local traditions like second line and Jazz Funerals, and the role of Danny Barker in keeping traditional New Orleans Jazz alive through the 70’s and 80’s. Asking the artists point blank, director Darren Hoffman explores the potential “death” of traditional jazz through modernization and marginalization and its preservation through mentorship and the continuation of traditions that intrigue and inspire young people to play the music of previous generations.'] ['"It is not a language that flows out of you", an immigrant writer says of Hebrew, which he first learned when he moved to Israel. "It\'s more like shoveling gravel out of your mouth." Hebrew might be Israel\'s national language, but the nation has always had a large number of immigrants who arrive speaking their own native tongues. According to Misafa Lesafa, these Israeli immigrants face a conflict between the reflexive language of their childhood and the new language that surrounds them, and no one feels this conflict more sharply than the artists whose passions rely on words. Misafa Lesafa explores the inner workings of writers’ mind to reveal how each one handles their craft differently, and responds differently to the common linguistic conflict they face: How do you find your voice when two languages pull you in different directions? One Russian poet says he felt that being bilingual would threaten his writing because instead of using one language perfectly, he would rely on two watered-down, imperfect languages. He speaks violently when explaining how he had to force Russian out of his mind once he learned Hebrew. Although Russian words were eventually lost, he grew to realize that his poems borrowed their musical rhythm from Pushkin and Lermontov—the great Russian writers who had first impressed him. Many of the poets share this intensity when they speak about language. One woman describes her relationship to her first language in terms of a primal, infantile love. Like a little girl crawling into her mother’s lap, she says, she sinks into her native tongue when she is emotionally strained. And when she hears it spoken, it feels like drinking motherly milk.'] ["According to Devil's Playground, at the age of 16, Amish youth are allowed to depart from many of the Amish rules.Note: Some scholarship on the subject does not support viewing this as a normative rumspringa.{{Citation needed}}"] ['The opening sequence is a 1943 black-and-white Cinesound newsreel Monarch of the Rails showing the locomotive being built. The film then changes to colour and shows the locomotive at the Enfield locomotive depot, then the home of the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum. The fireman lights the fire and the driver inspects the locomotive. When ready the locomotive is turned on the turntable. The main part of the film shows the train travelling through the New South Wales countryside through disparate locations including the Sydney suburbs, Hawkesbury River Railway Bridge and Picton loop line. These scenes are interspersed with vignettes of life the 1940s including a travelling salesman, a country wedding and soldiers in a pub, all linked to the train journey. Most of the audio is live sound of the train, with some overlayed with original music by George Dreyfus.'] ['Recovered: Journeys Through the Autism Spectrum and Back covers four children who the Autism Society says recovered from autism. Each child received services from the Center for Autism and Related Disorders Inc. , including assessments, supervision, parent/teacher training and one-on-one behavioral therapy. The film presents documentation of therapy sessions along with interviews of the children who are now teenagers, their parents, therapists and the founder/executive director of CARD.Plot Summary on IMDB'] ["Married in Canada follows seven American couples, 3 gay male and 4 lesbian couples, deciding to benefit from Canadian legalized marriage laws to get married in Toronto, while they are prohibited from doing so in the United States in their resident states. The couples and their families illustrate why overcoming the obstacles to legal nuptials is worthwhile, despite the reality that once back home south of the border, the newlyweds will remain merely 'married in Canada' as their marital status will be unrecognized. The marrying couples also candidly discuss differences in attitude between Americans and Canadians based on their experiences in Canada including human rights, homophobia, openness of society and acceptance of the other. The film also takes an inside view on a Canadian agency catering for cross-border same-sex marriage packages to the United States and other countries."] ['The film is a meditation on catastrophe, contextualised through the literary modes of religion and science fiction. The prologue of the quotation is followed by thirteen sections, denoted by numbered title cards: "A Capital City", "The War", "After the Battle", "Finds from Torture Chambers", "Satan\'s National Park", "Childhood", "And a Smoke Arose like a Smoke from a Furnace", "A Pilgrimage", "Dinosaurs on the Go", "Protuberances", "The Drying Up of the Source", "Life Without the Fire" and "I am so tired of sighing; Lord, let it be night". Herzog intended to alienate the audience from images to which they had become inured from saturated news coverage, and thereby to "penetrate deeper than CNN ever could". truck-mounted shots as in Fata Morgana, static shots of the workers near the oil fires, and many helicopter shots of the bleak landscape. Herzog remarked that "the film has not a single frame that can be recognised as our planet, and yet we know it must have been shot here". The narrative stance is detached, bemused; Herzog makes no effort to explain the actual causes of the catastrophic scenes, but interprets them in epic terms with, vaunting rhetoric to accompany the Wagnerian score. A climactic scene involves the workers, shortly after succeeding in stopping the fires, re-igniting the flow of oil. The narration asks, "Has life without fire become unbearable for them?"'] [" Frederick Douglass and the White Negro is a documentary telling the story of ex-slave, abolitionist, writer and politician Frederick Douglass and his escape to Ireland from America in the 1840s. The film follows Douglass' life from slavery as a young man through to his time in Ireland where he befriended Daniel O'Connell, toured the country spreading the message of abolition and was treated as a human being for the first time by white people. His arrival in Ireland coincided with the Great Famine and he witnessed white people in what he considered to be a worse state than his fellow African Americans back in the US. The film follows Douglass back to America where he buys his freedom with funds raised in Ireland and Britain. Fellow passengers on his return journey include the Irish escaping the famine who arrive in their millions and would go on to play a major role in the New York Draft Riot of 1863 which Douglass could only despair over. The film examines  the turbulent relationship between African Americans and Irish Americans during the American Civil War, what drew them together and what drove them apart and how this would shape the America of the twentieth century and beyond."] ['{{cleanup}} Hossain Sabzian is a film lover and huge fan of popular Iranian director Mohsen Makhmalbaf . Sabzian is riding the bus one day reading a copy of the novel The Cyclist when he meets Mrs. Ahankhah, a fan of the film. Sabzian tells her that he is Makhmalbaf, the author of the book and film. She\'s a bit surprised that a famous director is riding public transportation, but Sabzian explains that this is how he finds his subjects for film and that art must spring from life. Posing as Makhmalbaf, Sabzian visits the Ahankhah family several times over the next couple of weeks. He flatters them by saying he wants to use their house for his next film and their sons as his actors. He even obtains a substantial amount of money from them, ostensibly to prepare for the film. Mr. Ahankhah has his suspicions though, especially when a magazine photo shows a younger darker-haired Makhmalbaf. He invites an ambitious journalist friend  over, who confirms that Sabzian is indeed an impostor. The police come to arrest Sabzian, while Farazmand takes several pictures for his upcoming article: "Bogus Makhmalbaf Arrested." Kiarostami intersperses these scenes throughout the film, which does not progress chronologically. They are re-enactments.'] ["Sitting in a room that looks like a bunker, Ruppert briefly recounts his life including his parents' ties to U.S. intelligence agencies and Ruppert’s own career as an LAPD beat cop and detective. Ruppert then summarizes current energy and economic issues, focusing mainly around the core concepts of peak oil and sustainable development. He also criticizes fiat money, fractional reserves, leveraging, and discusses CIA drug trafficking. The bulk of the film presents Ruppert making an array of predictions including social unrest, violence, population dislocation and governmental collapses in the United States and throughout the world. He draws on the same news reports and data available to any Internet user, but he applies a unique interpretation -- “connecting the dots” as he calls it. Smith periodically stops Ruppert to question his assumptions and provide a note of skepticism."] ["The meerkat Flower is born in the Kalahari Desert on March 15, 2000, to Holly, the leader of a meerkat group called the Whiskers. After an attack by a rival group, the Lazuli, the Whiskers are forced to surrender their territory and move to a new home. A hawk kills Holly when Flower is a year old, and her father abandons the group to find a new mate. Flower's sister Viale becomes the group's matriarch and chooses Youssarian, a roving male from the Lazuli, as her mate. Flower mates with Yossarian's brother, Zaphod, but Viale kills the resulting pups and banishes Flower from the group, allowing her to return later. During a time of starvation and drought, Viale attempts to lead the group across a road to forage. As she crosses, she is struck and killed by a passing truck. As the Whiskers attempt to adjust to the loss of their leader, a snake approaches the group. Flower steps in to lead an attack to drive it off. In doing so, she becomes the new leader of the group. Zaphod returns to the group to be her mate, while Yossarian steps aside and leaves the group. Flower leads the Whiskers back to their original home, and after a brief battle, the Whiskers reclaim it from the Lazuli. At end of the film, an on-screen note describes Flower's death during the third season of Meerkat Manor and the children she left behind."] ['Martha & Ethel tells the stories of two women in their 80s: a German-Catholic woman named Martha and an African-American woman named Ethel, the former nannies of director/producer Jyll Johnstone and co-producer Barbara Ettinger. It examines each woman’s background and hiring into affluent New York families. The Johnstone and Ettinger children, now grown, reflect on how Martha and Ethel played formative—and often confusing—roles in their lives.'] ['With a little humorous approach, the film explores human advances in the field of sciences. Both Apted and Paul G. Allen, director and film financer respectively, deploy segments of interviews with several scientists and researchers about their views in science, in the same way they previously did with arts in the documentary Inspirations. People that are featured in the film are: *Gertrude Elion. *Ashok Gadgil. *Michio Kaku. *Maja Mataric. *Steven Pinker. *Karol Sikora. *Patricia Wright.'] ['Interviewing leaders of animal organizations and volunteers who went to New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, it is revealed that at the beginning, everyone had different ideas about how things should be done, but no one was willing to take charge because the problem was bigger than anyone could have imagined. The film champions the volunteers whose only concern was saving animals, unlike the animal organizations who were more concerned with the chain of command. After about a month, the state put the Louisiana Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in charge who told the volunteers to stop rescuing. Anyone not with the LA/SPCA was considered ‘rogue’ and operating outside the authority. Meanwhile, the police in St. Bernard Parish were shooting dogs in what they say was a form of mercy. Months after Katrina, many owners are still not reunited with their pets because they do not know where they are and do not have the means to find them. Some people have found that their animals have been adopted out and cannot get them back. The film ends with Barkus, a Louisiana pet parade, indicating New Orleans was not washed away with the hurricane.'] ['As well as charting the latest incarnation of the Alternative Miss World, the film studies the history of the show itself, which first took place in 1972 and has had a number of high profile celebrities both entering and judging it.'] ['In an edit added to the film before public release, a comment by Henry L. Stimson, the Secretary of War at the time, was quoted to create trust with the audience, “the purpose of these films is to give factual information as to the causes, the events leading up to our entry into the war and the principles for which we are fighting.” The purpose of the OWI was to use mass communication to sell the war and to define Americans\' perception of the reality of war; therefore, they released Prelude to War to further these goals.Kurash, J. "A Prelude to War" . Retrieved from http://www.army.mil The film commences with an explanation of how Americans were brought into the war through heroic motives to protect countries unable to protect themselves. America had this duty to righteousness and Christian values throughout history, according to the values and beliefs set forth by the founding fathers.Wilkins, J.N. America’s Christian FoundationGerman, Kathleen. “Frank Capra’s Why We Fight Series and the American Audience.” Western Journal of Speech Communication 54. : 237–248. The documentary makes use of compare and contrast methods throughout the film in order to transmit its heroic message. The primary images used within the film to portray the opponents of America are introduced by Henry Wallace as the “free world”&nbsp;— a brightly-illuminated planet of the Allies, and a “slave world” as a planet deep in shadow of the Axis Powers. It examines the differences between this free, democratic state and the slave, fascist state represented by Benito Mussolini, Adolf Hitler and Yamamoto working together as gangsters to conquer the world. In order to do this, Capra made use of footage from Triumph of the Will, but with different narration designed to support the Allied cause. It is brought to the audience’s attention that after the Nazis smashed the opposing political parties and labor unions they turned their attention to their last remaining obstacle&nbsp;— the church. In one scene a stained glass window is shattered by several bricks to reveal a “Heil Hitler!” poster behind. To emphasize this depiction of Hitler as an antichrist figure, a class of German schoolchildren is shown singing: Adolf Hitler is our Saviour, our heroHe is the noblest being in the whole wide world.For Hitler we live,For Hitler we die.Our Hitler is our LordWho rules a brave new world.'] ["The documentary painted a hopeless and pessimistic view of the violence in the city. At the time Little Rock was one of the most dangerous cities in the country. Sitting at the intersection of two major interstates from Los Angeles and New York, it had become a haven for drug trafficking. There were prominent gang presences of Bloods, Crips and Hoover's Folk Nation. The documentary brought much attention to the problems in the city; the Little Rock Police force was quadrupled. As a result, the street gang problem was nearly eradicated. While gang presence did decrease in the middle 90s, there is current evidence that local youth are once again beginning to identify with street gangs and drug dealers, such as BOSS, Bogard, and Hoe Hop gangs. Hoe Hop gang have been the most dangerous and has the most members . Steve Nawojczyk GangWar who was the county coroner during the Gang War years, and was featured in the documentary, continues to work in the intervention and prevention of youth gangs. While Gang War: Bangin' in Little Rock followed Nawojczyk while he did his grim work as the county's chief coroner, it also showed his attempts at reducing the record-high homicide rate in Arkansas' capital city. There was a follow up documentary released in 2004 called Gang War 2- Back in the Hood."] ["During the 12th and 15th centuries, in Muslim Spain, many science books were written. When Muslims left Spain, many took with them their manuscripts. Today, we can find them spread in particular libraries, all along the Caravans Route, in Morocco, Mauritania and Mali. From Toledo to Timbuktu, this documentary follows theirs traces. Its protagonist, Ismael Diadié Haidara, owner of the Andalus library of Timbuktu, has spend years trying to retrieve his family's manuscripts and with them, his own Al Andalus past.{{cite web}}"] ['Wild Combination begins with interviews of Russell\'s parents discussing their youngest son\'s childhood. The film describes how Russell as a young boy is obsessed with Timothy Leary and insecure about his acne.“Wild Combination”, Interview in Shook, Retrieved December 10, 2008 Leaving Iowa for San Francisco in the late sixties, he joins a Buddhist collective and befriends Allen Ginsburg. Russell decides to move to New York in the early seventies, where he starts working as the musical director of the Kitchen and becomes part of the downtown scene of artists, sharing an apartment building with Allen Ginsburg and Richard Hell. Russell engages in nearly every music scene the city has to offer: disco at David Mancuso\'s Loft, rock at CBGB, minimal composition at the Kitchen, and Allen Ginsberg\'s poetry recitations.“Wild Combination: A Portrait of Arthur Russell ”, Interview in New York Times, Retrieved December 10, 2008 In 1978, Russell begins dating Tom Lee, whom he stays with until his AIDS-related death in 1992. Other footage shows Russell later in life, ravaged by AIDS, but still able to play his cello and sing."Wild Combination: A Portrait of Arthur Russell ", Interview in Time Out, New York, Retrieved December 12, 2008 Russell eventually succumbs to dementia and throat cancer. The film ends with Emily Russell, Arthur\'s mother, speculating that had Arthur continued to live past forty, "He would have made it, he would have gone far".“Cello Gold”, Interview in Mojo, Retrieved December 11, 2008'] ["In 1994, between April and July, the massacre of Tutsis and moderate Hutus left one million dead. Instigated by Fest’Africa, a dozen African authors met four years after the events as writers in residence at Kigali, to try to break the silence of African intellectuals on this genocide. In May 2000, on the occasion of the publication of series of works based on this experience, writers and artists from Africa and elsewhere gathered in Rwanda. Facing up to the scars left by the genocide, Samba Felix N’Diaye manages to find just the right sense of distance to film the inexpressible while nevertheless communicating a message of hope. Writers in the film include Boubacar Boris Diop, Véronique Tadjo, Benjamin Sehene, Nocky Djedanoum, Koulsy Lamko and Yves Simon, who all participated in a writer in residence program organized in Rwanda in May 2000 by the Fest'Africa literature festival based in Lille, France.<ref nameBartlet|firstRwanda pour mémoire|accessdateAfricultures|url2824}}"] ['In Ottumwa, Iowa, Walter Day founded Twin Galaxies, an organization formed to keep track of high scores achieved on arcade games in the United States. Billy Mitchell, having achieved the highest ever recorded scores on Donkey Kong and Centipede in the 1980s, remains a video game legend in 2005. Twin Galaxies has now become a global organization. Mitchell is portrayed as unabashedly cocky and fond of self-promotion, proclaiming himself the "Sauce King" of Florida for his successful line of homemade hot sauces. Next to his family, Mitchell considers his arcade scores to be his greatest life achievements. On the other side of the country, in Redmond, Washington, Boeing employee Steve Wiebe has been laid off as a Boeing engineer, and now spends his time as a science teacher. His friends and his wife, Nicole, describe him as an unfortunate figure who always comes up short, despite being proficient at music, sports, art, and mathematics. He was a star baseball pitcher but was injured and unable to pitch in the state championship. He is a gifted drummer yet does not care to perform. Preparing to get back into the workforce, Wiebe begins going to night school to get a masters degree and obtains a Donkey Kong machine to play in his garage as a pastime. After reading about Mitchell\'s world record of 874,300 on the internet, Wiebe focuses on mastering Donkey Kong and successfully achieves a score of 1,006,600 points. Wiebe submits the tape to Twin Galaxies, which propels him to becoming a local celebrity and news topic as the new world record holder for a few weeks. However, Mitchell sends his self-styled protege, retired banker turned pro-gamer Brian Kuh, to investigate Wiebe\'s machine. Kuh finds that the machine\'s circuit board was provided by Roy Shildt, a self-styled fitness guru and pickup artist who claims to hold the high score for Missile Command. Unbeknownst to Wiebe, Shildt and Mitchell have been nemeses for years ever since Mitchell caused Shildt\'s high score to be brought under scrutiny, preventing him from receiving official recognition from Twin Galaxies. Since then, Shildt has been looking for a way to exact clandestine revenge on Mitchell. Based on Wiebe\'s association with Shildt, the staff of Twin Galaxies suspects that Wiebe\'s board might have been tampered with and that he may have achieved his score dishonestly. In order to prove his gaming skills, Wiebe travels to Funspot Arcade in Laconia, New Hampshire, to perform a high score live for Twin Galaxies founder Walter Day and other high-ranking members of Twin Galaxies, hoping to confront Mitchell and play head-to-head. Although Mitchell does not attend, he sends Kuh to observe Wiebe\'s play. Just prior to the kill screen, Kuh is seen gathering a large crowd to witness Wiebe\'s achievement. Wiebe reaches the kill screen and also achieves a new world record of 985,600 points. However, Mitchell immediately sends a low-quality VHS to Funspot, depicting himself achieving a higher score of 1,047,200 points, a move that proves to be a stark contrast to his own opinions throughout the film, in which he repeatedly asserts that live scores are the only credible ones. Despite Wiebe\'s protests that his own first score was disqualified for being submitted via unsupervised videotape, Twin Galaxies accepts Mitchell\'s score over Wiebe\'s and proclaims that Mitchell\'s new score makes Mitchell the record holder once again. Nine months later, Wiebe learns that Guinness World Records wants to publish several of Twin Galaxies\' records — including Mitchell\'s latest score. Wiebe and his family travel to Hollywood, Florida, near Mitchell\'s home, to challenge him in a public competition, but Mitchell refuses to accept the challenge, and Wiebe fails to surpass a million points. Nevertheless, Day, on behalf of Twin Galaxies, finally acknowledges Wiebe\'s integrity and credibility. In a coda to the film, Wiebe achieves the world record of 1,049,100 in his garage.According to the director, this happened while the film was already finished: http://www.thefilmlot.com/interviews/INTsgordon.php'] ["Michelle Yeoh visits her adopted orangutan in her home country Malaysia {{Cite web}} what is done to sustain long-term population of this endangered species. Michelle Yeoh introduces us to experts who are devoted beyond doubts and explains their diligent efforts from inside. Guided by Dr Cecilia Boklin, Malaysia's popular actress takes part in all activities. Together with Michelle Yeoh the watcher can learn about the life and the characteristics of orangutans.  Michelle Yeoh is filmed while she nurtures herself an orphaned suckling orangutan. For those who so far have known her from action films only, it is possibly surprising to watch her following maternal instincts. Her affection for her adopted orangutan is authentic. She testified it was impossible not to get very fond of these animals.{{Cite web}}"] ['My Run tells the true story of two journeys. The first, which began in 1984, opens the film when Terry Hitchcock\'s wife Sue dies of breast cancer. Only a few days later he loses his job. Suddenly, he finds himself alone with his three young children and no income.http://myrunmovie.com/ The film follows Terry as he learns to function as a single parent, and discovers how difficult it is to maintain and nourish a strong loving family and how faith can be instrumental in strengthening your will to keep moving forward. His experience also teaches him that single parents and their children are unsung everyday heroes.http://www.filmslatemagazine.com/filmmaking/documentary-filmmaking-my-run http://www.ocscreenwriters.com/?q=nbff-day-5-my-run-sicilian-girl The film jumps forward to 1996, when Terry takes the first step of his "Mega-Marathon" from Minneapolis to Atlanta. He runs every day, covering the equivalent of a marathon or more for 75 consecutive days to arrive just in time for the summer Olympic Games. He runs in honor of his wife and to bring attention and a voice to the everyday heroes; the single parents and their kids. Terry expresses in the film that he wants to let everyone know that nothing is impossible, that ordinary people can do extraordinary things and by doing so inspire others. "Every one of us can do something", Terry says, "that\'s what it’s all about".http://minnesota.publicradio.org/display/web/2010/04/16/my-run/'] ['Although they come from different ethnic groups, these three musicians from Mali come together to make people listen to the desert: Habib Koité, a Bambara whose roots are in the Khassonke culture of western Mali, Afel Bocoum, a Songhai, considered the heir to Ali Farka Touré, and Tartit, an all-female Tuareg group from Timbuktu, ethnically related to the Berber people, that lends its voice to the cause of a subsisting culture. The coming together of these three artists is an event with true political significance considering the tragic events that shook Mali between 1995 and 1996.'] ["Meeting People Is Easy takes place during the promotion of Radiohead's 1997 release OK Computer, containing a collage of video clips, sound bites, and dialogue going behind the scenes with the band on their world tour, showing the eventual burn-out of the group as the world tour progresses. The inaugural show of the OK Computer tour began on 22 May 1997 in Barcelona, Spain. Their final performance, 104 concerts later, was in New York's Radio City Music Hall.<ref name Sullivan| first  Radiohead's Un-`Easy' Life| publisher  1999-04-09| url /c/a/1999/04/09/DD62687.DTL| accessdate May 2009}} as a way of dissociating himself from everything around him, and was used as the central lyrics of How To Disappear Completely, released in their following album, Kid A. This would also form the background of Radiohead's recording sessions beginning in 1999 for their next albums Kid A and Amnesiac, inspiring a different songwriting and recording style and the band's changed sound after OK Computer."] ['Bulgaria being part of the Eastern bloc joined the race for freedom and democracy during the 1990s. Thousands flooded the streets speaking their minds with blistering hopes of developing new democratic forms of society. Within a few years the new systems of government transformed released criminals, prisoners and other sportsmen, mainly wrestlers into groups of street gangs, racketeers and security companies. With these gangs of thugs the newly appointed democrats privatized the country... 20 years later one man stood out to tell his and their story... A former wrestler himself – Georgi Stoev.'] ['The film opens with shots of the London streets in late afternoon, as people begin their commute home. The narrator reminds the audience that these people are part of the greatest civilian army the world has ever known, and are going to join their respective service before London\'s "nightly visitor" arrives. Listening posts are stationed as far away as the coastline and the "white fingers" of searchlights touch the sky. Soon the Nazi air force arrives and begins its nightly work, bombing churches, places of business and homes, the work of five centuries destroyed in five seconds. But as soon as it is morning the British people go back to work the way they usually do, demonstrating the British \'stiff upper lip\' attitude. Joseph Goebbels is quoted as saying that the bombings are having a great effect on British morale. He is right, the narrator says, the British people\'s morale is higher than ever.'] ["In Réunion, there's no need to introduce Danyel Waro, his rhythms and texts have left their mark on the cultural landscape of the past twenty years. Behind the public image, the singer, there’s a man with strong convictions, a poet, a craftsman. Unknown facets that Thierry Hoarau's film reveals. An intimate portrait of a strong, appealing personality."] ["One mother that is introduced early on in the film is Robi Damelin.http://www.justvision.org/profile/robi_damelin.php Damelin’s son David was a soldier in the Israeli army that had been shot by a sniper while working at a checkpoint. The soldiers had been sent to protect an Israeli settlement on Palestinian territory. After learning of her son's loss, Damelin joined the Bereaved Families Forum, where she was able to meet other Palestinian and Israeli families that had been through the same losses. There she worked closely with the families from different backgrounds and began to advocate peace between the two territories. She continues to work for an end to the conflict. Ali Abu Awwad is another individual in the film who is followed by the production team to see his stance on the non-violence attempts. After being shot in his lower body by an Israeli settler he was sent to Saudi Arabia for medical treatment. While healing in Saudi Arabia, Ali’s brother Yusef had been murdered by an Israeli militant. After the news of his brother's murder Ali Abu Awwad teamed up with the Bereaved Families Forum to work with Israelis and Palestinians who together campaigned for non-violence. By speaking with Palestinian militants and those who are threatened by Israeli settlers Ali was able to broaden his message of non-violence resistance throughout the Palestinian territories. Shlomo Zagman, who grew up in an Israeli settlement most of his life is another intriguing character in the documentary Encounter Point. Along with the settlers from his home town, Shlomo, and by and large all Israeli settlers, are extremists that believe that all the Palestinians should be deported to the neighboring Arab countries Israeli settlement. The movie illuminates this point as we see how Shlomo and his wife transform, despite the meandering resistance of his parents and home town, to become founding members of the Realistic Religious Zionism group http://www.tzionut.org/index.asp.This transformation is a huge step, and usually unheard of, for someone who grew up in the settlements. Subsequently, Shlomo tries to encourage the people of his hometown, as well as other settlements, to withdraw from these occupied territories and convince them that the persistence of these settlements will bring down the entire Jewish State of Israel. Encounter point follows this former Israeli settler who risks his life and public standing sequentially to promote a peaceful end to this clash. George then joined the Bereaved Families Forum, 3 months after her death, like many of the others in the film. There he met Israelis and Palestinians who had gone through the same losses and were ready to fight for peace on top of their pain. In an interview George has said that he received an apology from the soldiers that had begun the shooting. In the same interview he is quoted as saying “We also call for peace that is just and real where there will be no Palestinian or Israeli family that has to go through the same thing we did. Our goal now is to try as much as we can through our love and forgiveness to carry on with our lives and help others not to go through what we went through.” http://www.justvision.org/interview/george_saadeh.php#a006572 George was a principle of a high school in Bethlehem, but after the shooting he became the deputy mayor of Jerusalem."] ['The film begins in the year 2055 in a world ravaged by catastrophic climate change; London is flooded, Sydney is burning, Las Vegas has been swallowed up by desert, the Amazon rainforest has burnt up, snow has vanished from the Alps and nuclear war has laid waste to India. An unnamed archivist  is entrusted with the safekeeping of humanity\'s surviving store of art and knowledge. Alone in his vast repository off the coast of the largely ice-free Arctic, he reviews archive footage from back "when we could have saved ourselves", trying to discern where it all went wrong. Amid news reports of the gathering effects of climate change and global civilisation teetering towards destruction, he alights on six stories of individuals whose lives in the early years of the 21st century seem to illustrate aspects of the impending catastrophe. These six stories take the form of interweaving documentary segments that report on the lives of real people in the present, and switch the film\'s narrative form from fiction to fact. The people who feature are: * Al Duvernay, a resident of New Orleans who stayed behind and helped in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. He reflects on what it feels like to have had all his possessions washed away in the flood, and also on his job in the oil industry and how valuable resources are being wasted. * Jehangir Wadia, an Indian businessman who talks about his low cost airline GoAir startup company and his democratic vision of a world in which all people, rich and poor, are able to afford air travel. * Jamila and Adnan, two Iraqi children who fled with their family to Jordan during the Iraq War, who tell the story of their father\'s death and of their desire to be reunited with the older brother they left behind. * Fernand Pareau, an 82-year-old man who works as a guide on the Mont Blanc glacier in France - he takes an English family on a tour of the glacier and explains how he has seen the ice recede massively in his lifetime. The guide is also shown taking action against expanding road infrastructure in his area. * Piers Guy, a wind-farm developer who talks about his efforts to bring sustainable energy to an English village, and how he is being blocked by people who profess a commitment to fighting global warming but do not want wind turbines destroying their views. His family takes action in reducing their carbon footprint and contemplate the effects of air travel. * Layefa Malemi, a Nigerian woman who struggles with poverty despite the wealth of oil in her country. She talks about her ambition to study medicine and the everyday impact of the exploitation of oil by Shell Nigeria on health, security and the environment in Nigeria.'] ['The film follows six individuals including major league ball player Ben Petrick who report chronic symptoms, which they attribute to persistent Lyme infection. The majority of the film is devoted to the storyline of these patients and their reported recovery. At the same time, the film presents advocates of long-term therapies for chronic Lyme disease and briefly presents the position of the Infectious Diseases Society of America . The second half of the film focuses primarily on state medical board investigations of Joseph Jemsek and Ray Jones, two physicians who prescribe long-term antibiotics for "chronic" Lyme disease. Jemsek was investigated based on the complaints of 10 patients who described "nightmarish experiences" as a result of his treatment; he was supported by a number of patients and Lyme disease advocacy organizations.<ref name Forbes | first  Whelan | title  March 12, 2007 | accessdate  http://www.forbes.com/forbes/2007/0312/096.html}} The board found that Jemsek had departed from standard medical practice and had failed to inform patients that his treatments were unorthodox; his medical license was suspended with stay, allowing him to continue practicing medicine.<ref name News & Observer | title  June 16, 2006 | accessdate  Jean | last  http://www.accessmylibrary.com/article-1G1-147127297/lyme-doctor-ruled-guilty.html}} Facing a lawsuit from an insurance company, Jemsek declared bankruptcy and closed his medical practice.<ref name Salon.com | title  Andrew | last  June 20, 2009 | accessdate  http://www.salon.com/ent/movies/btm/feature/2009/06/20/roundup/index.html}} The final act of the film focuses on Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal\'s antitrust investigation of the IDSA Lyme disease guidelines. Blumenthal issued a press release in May 2008 stating that his investigation "uncovered serious flaws" in the development of the IDSA guidelines, although Blumenthal declined to file any charges.{{cite press release}} The case was described in Forbes as "intimidation" of the medical community by the Attorney General,{{cite journal |authorScience, politics, and values: the politicization of professional practice guidelines |journal301 |issue665–7 |yearFebruary |pmid10.1001/jama.301.6.665 |url"nyt"/>'] ["Private Practices focuses on sex surrogate Maureen Sullivan and two of her clients. Kipper, a 25-year-old college student, has had little sexual experience with women and seeks help overcoming his shyness. John, a 45-year-old divorcee, believes that his sexual inadequacies are preventing him from finding a new partner. Sullivan works with these men in an attempt to improve their body image, relationship skills, and sexual satisfaction. The film also shows how these patients interact with their friends, family members, and therapists. Many scenes focus on Sullivan, who discusses her history as a surrogate and describes her own relationship difficulties. In one scene, she and her brother confront their father about his abusive behavior and unwillingness to accept Maureen's career choice. The filmmakers paid for the patients' therapy in exchange for permission to record their sessions. In order to preserve the therapeutic atmosphere, Dick only allowed a single camera operator to be in the room during each session, and he and the rest of the crew monitored the filming from a remote station in a different roomPrivate Practices DVD commentary track. Furthermore, the film crew does not directly interact with the subjects during therapy, and the subjects rarely comment on the presence of the filmmakers. A postscript to the film states that John and Kipper have gone on to form more successful relationships, while Sullivan has started dating and reduced her number of patients."] ['The film talks about two individuals and their destiny. It shows the loss of utopia and the struggle of ideologies in Cuba: Ricardo Martínez is a former rebel of Fidel Castro. Together with Che Guevara he has founded the Pirate radio Radio Rebelde that became the main revolutionary voice of Cuba. The younger Cuban generation listens to Radio y Televisión Martí that broadcasts from Miami, Florida. Miriam represents this younger generation. By comparing this to radio stations, the film is as well about media history.'] ['At the beginning of the 19th century, a man called Gharsallah dies and is buried in a mausoleum in the village of Dhibet, in the center of Tunisia. The film tries to evoke how this Gharsallah affected other lives: Was he Saint? A madman? Possessed? Unjust? The story of a man that marked everything around him, even dreams.'] ['The film has no plot as such but is instead a stationary camera positioned on the Place des Cordeliers in Lyon. The camera observes the traffic passing along the street, including people walking and a number of horses pulling carriages.'] [' The film follows Jean Guy Comeau, an Acadian woodlot and Francis Wishart, the grandson of Sir James Dunn, as they agitate for responsible forestry on New Brunswick Crown lands.'] ['Fight for the Planet is documentary about the geological, social and economical impacts of global warming. The film stresses the need for a change in politics-- but also in behavior. It investigates both the science behind climate change, and technologies that will bring us into the new "green" future. Among those interviewed include politicians such as Stéphane Dion and Jack Layton, professors, journalists, field experts, and green technology companies.'] ['"More Than A Game" is a documentary that focuses in on 5 young basketball players - LeBron James, Dru Joyce III, Romeo Travis, Sian Cotton, Willie McGee - and their coach, Dru Joyce II, performing on an AAU team with the growing stardom of the future NBA superstar, LeBron James. Taking them through their pre-teens to high school, the film follows their incredible journey as the unknown Ohio team rises to the top of youth athletics. The moral really suggests that to win, a team has to fight until the end to achieve a goal, even if the challenge seems difficult.'] ['The area was originally considered worthless and was fenced off and abandoned. The town was established around the turn of the century, with German settlers. It then boomed with the soldier settler policies after the first and second World Wars. Rainbow and its people have struggled to eke out an existence for more than three generations, with global economics and government policy compounding the difficulties of marginal farming. The film uses home movies from the 1940s.'] ['American Harmony provides an in-depth look at the amazingly rich subculture of a true American art form. It follows the lives of some of the biggest names to emerge from international competition in the Society’s history, as well as providing interviews with many rank-and-file members, referred to as “Joe Barbershoppers.” The film features four prominent Barbershop Society quartets: OC Times, Max Q, Vocal Spectrum, and Reveille – over a span of years, on stage and at home, in their personal quests for international recognition. "The film is a mixture of obsession, singing, zany comedy and nail-biting competition", according to writer/director, Aengus James.  The film was theatrically released in April, 2009, and eventually made its way to 30 markets during 2009/2010. There is a Google pin map showing the markets where the film had a theatrical release.  The DVD was made available in June 2010 through Abramorama, and re-released in September 2011 through Breaking Glass Pictures.  See reviews below: * Variety * The Film Talk * Moving Pictures Magazine * and awards * Winner: Best Documentary at the 2009 [http://www.sdff.org/awardwinners.html San Diego Film Festival * Winner of the 2009 Honolulu Film Festival Silver Lei Award. * Nominated for the 2008 International Documentary Association Best Music Documentary Award. * Official selection for the Nashville Film Festival - Apr 16-23, 2009. * Official selection for the Boulder International Film Festival - Feb 12-15, 2009. * Official selection and Second Place Audience Choice award for the Sedona International Film Festival - Feb 24 - Mar 1, 2009. * Official selection for the Waterfront Film Festival - June, 2009. * Official selection for the Three Rivers Film Festival - Nov 6-21, 2009.'] ["The title is derived from the source material for Apocalypse Now, the Joseph Conrad novella Heart of Darkness. Using behind the scenes footage, and narrated by Eleanor Coppola, it chronicles how production problems including bad weather, actors' health and other issues delayed the film, increasing costs and nearly destroying the life and career of Francis Ford Coppola. In 1990, Eleanor Coppola turned her material over to two young filmmakers George Hickenlooper and Fax Bahr  who then shot new interviews with the original cast and crew and intercut them with her existing material. After a year of editing, Hickenlooper, Bahr, and Coppola debuted their film at the 1991 Cannes Film Festivalto universal critical acclaim."] ['Four dancers, nearing their eighties, take up the challenge of Heike Hennig to return to the stage in Leipzig’s opera house. Ursula Cain, Christa Franze, Siegfried Prölß and Horst Dittmann have been leading members of the Ballet of the Oper Leipzig. A performance of emotional richness combined with the stories of their lives, from Mary Wigman, Gret Palucca to Heike Hennig. Nothing about them is old, except their age. Dancing with Time was produced as film for TV  and movie-theaters, as DVD and as book by Marion Appelt, with a preface of Renate Schmidt.'] ["Devin Ratray is a musician and besotted admirer of Condoleezza Rice, 'Condi,' who travels across America, learning more about Rice from those who knew her.<ref namehttp://www.radaronline.com/exclusives/2008/10/radar-exclusive-move-over-w-condi-is-getting-her-own-movie.php |titleRadar Online |date2011-08-07}} He speaks to her childhood friends in Birmingham, Alabama. In Denver, Colorado, he performs at Red Rocks,{{cite web}} Ratray follows Rice's rise to Provost of Stanford University in California, where he also discovers that she reversed affirmative action programs. In Los Angeles, he is given courtship advice by Adrian Grenier,http://www.mammothtimes.com/content/view/99365/{{dead link}}"] ['« "The Elephant\'s Journey", in which Saramago narrates the adventures and antics of an elephant transported from the court of King John III of Portugal to that of the Austrian Archduke Maximillian, is the starting point of José and Pilar. It shows us their daily life in Lanzarote and their trips around the globe. It is a surprising portrayal of an author throughout the creative process of a couple decided to change the world, or at least to make it a better place. It shows us an hidden Saramago, unravels any preconceived ideas we may have about the man and proves that genius and simplicity are indeed compatible. José and Pilar is a glimpse into one of the greatest creators of the Twentieth Century and shows us that, as Saramago said, "everythin can be told in a different way".»'] [" The film documents the 25-year history of Eric Bana's first car, a 1974 Ford XB Falcon Hardtop that he purchased at the age of fifteen for A$1100. In this film, Eric explores the central role that fixing and racing this car has played in his life and the lives of his friends.{{cite web}} Celebrities Jay Leno, Dr. Phil and Jeremy Clarkson offer opinions on the emotional attachments that some people form with automobiles.{{cite web}}"] ['Romántico is a documentary about Mexican musician Carmelo Muñiz Sánchez, who returns home to his beloved daughters after years spent playing San Francisco’s taquerías and hipster joints. But once Carmelo arrives in his hometown, he finds himself immediately confronted with the struggles that led to his first border crossing. Despite working the mariachi circuit  and at bars that cater to prostitutes and their clients, Sánchez soon realizes he can’t adequately support his family and plots a return to the U.S. At the age of 60, another border crossing begins to seem absurd, but Carmelo has not given up...'] [' The film follows with the journey of the biggest Southeast Asian rock music band Junoon and regarding music in Islam. Salman Ahmad, lead guitarist, travel throughout the country in search for the answer of one question for the clerics: "Where in Islam does it say that music is forbidden?". His journey in search of an answer, taking in affectionate fans and fiery preachers. A public ban on music gradually takes an effect in Pakistan\'s North West Frontier Province, after a radical alliance of right-wing religious parties gain power in local elections the previous year. Several music and film stores are closed, musicians have been harassed and vigilantes routinely tear down posters and torch tapes, decrying them as "un-Islamic". But in the town of Peshawar, near the Afghan border, an encounter with a bus-load of Pashtuns showed Salman Ahmad how the masses are still in thrall to music. Salman Ahmad is mobbed by men who ask for his autograph and then start singing the tune with which his band hit the big time - "Jazba-e-Junoon". When Ahmad asks them why they think the provincial government has banned music, he is told "They want to listen to music themselves, they just don\'t want us to have it." At a religious ceremony in Peshawar, all the young mullahs are aware of Ahmad and his famous band. But they are unable to tell him why music has been banned and are distinctly displeased when he sings a few verses from the Holy Quran to the accompaniment of a guitar. As the film proceeds, Ahmad also meet the maverick preacher, Maulana Bijli, a critic of Western powers, weak Muslim governments and pop music. The Maulana is not convinced by Ahmad\'s argument that music should no more be banned in Pakistan than in 52 other Muslim countries. Ahmad then meets Gulzar Alam, a traditional Pashtun musician who has first-hand experience of the authorities\' crackdown on song. Ahmad sees the ban on music as part of his battle between Islamic extremists like those who rule the North West Frontier Province and "moderate modernists" such as himself. As Ahmad\'s meeting with Maulana Bijli draws to a close, the firebrand cleric pats him on the hand and expresses the hope that he hasn\'t caused offence and that the two men will, one day, meet again. And then, with the instruction to "play this for them in London," Maulana Bijli bursts into song - a song of religious devotion, but melodious nonetheless.'] ['In 1965, Ibrahim Kadir  is falsely arrested after being accused of being a communist or communist sympathizer. While imprisoned, he meets other inmates who have also been falsely imprisoned. Together, they sing the traditional poetic form didong, and attempt to band together. However, every day more prisoners are taken outside and executed. While alone, Kadir thinks of the crimes committed by the military that he has witnessed, including the killings of unarmed women and children, as well as the execution of the wrongfully incarcerated. He continues to hear the voices of the past as the number of prisoners dwindles done to a few; he is eventually released after spending 22 days in prison.'] ["On a trip to Cebu to document the Sinulog Festival Ryan Pastor meets Lito Caliso, an erring politician, who confesses all the crimes he committed while in office before Ryan's camera.{{cite web}}"] ['Every year, the United Nations Organization  publishes a Report on Human Development which establishes a worldwide ranking of countries based on a large correlation of social, economic, demographic and health indicators. For the fifth consecutive year, Norway appears as the most developed country on the planet, while Nigeria takes last place once again on this prestigious list, identifying it as the least developed country in the world. This documentary’s intent is to get to know the people who live in these countries, what they think, how they live and how they feel. But it also shows us that people\'s happiness is not necessarily linked to how "developed" a country is.'] ["On average, only one in two hundred asylum applicants is ever admitted as a refugee to the U.S. A refugee is defined as, someone afraid to return home for fear of persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, social group or political opinion. Any foreign citizen who is able to find a path into the U.S. is eligible to apply for refugee protection in the form of political asylum. At the time of filming, all requests for asylum were handled by the Immigration and Naturalization Service. Behind the doors of the asylum office lies a dramatic real-life stage where American ideals about human rights collide with the nearly impossible task of trying to know the truth. The film shows the closed corridors of the INS for an extraordinary close-up look at what has been called the Ellis Island of the 21st Century. It is an intimate world never before seen on screen—asylum officers, lawyers, translators, economic migrants, legitimate refugees looking for protection, all focused on the confidential interviews that are the heart of the asylum process. Cases examined within the film involve individuals originating from China, El Salvador, Albania, Nigeria, Romania, Algeria, France and Russia. The film reveals the challenges of determining the validity of claims made in the asylum interview process. The film closes with several onscreen statements about how the asylum application process has changed since filming. Congress passed legislation which reduces the number of people who are eligible to apply for asylum. The legislation also jails individuals arriving at U.S. borders requesting asylum. Additionally, the legislation limited an individual's right to appeal some of the decisions from asylum officers."] ['After years of violent and self-destructive behavior, a young Mary Roff from Watseka, Illinois was committed to an asylum in Peoria, Illinois, and on July 5, 1865, she died. Twelve years later, a Watseka girl named Lurancy Vennum began exhibiting the same behavior as had Mary. When Asa Roff heard of the incident, and believing that the spirit of his deceased daughter Mary has possessed Lurancy, he convinced the Vennum family to not commit their own daughter.'] ["59-year-old Bill Friedman is a competitive bodybuilder - a former world champ in the age 50-60 category, determined to win his title back. Documentary director Bryan Friedman is 26. Bill - Bryan's dad - hasn't been around since Bryan was a baby. In The Bodybuilder and I, Bryan chronicles his father's attempt to make it back to the top. In the process of making the film, the two men get to know one another and maybe begin to understand each other."] ["The film chronicles the history of The State Fair of Texas beginning in 1886. The film covers the banning of gambling at the fair, early Midway rides and some of Dallas' firsts such as electric lights, power stations and air planes. Old stock footage of the State Fair shows why it attracted people from all over the country. It includes scenes from the bake-offs and cook-offs held annually, plus a comical scene that has women singing a song about SPAM. The film also shows various foods that have been included at the fair. Stock footage of the State Fair and interviews of fair attendees provide a look into historical Dallas."] [" The filmmaker’s 200 year old ancestral house is dismantled, giving him an opportunity to undertake a journey into a past. It is a past that he shares not only with his extended family, but also with successive generations of India’s rural population. Armed with a cranky digital camera, he and his friend Ajay Raina sets out to document the dismantling process. They meet the four owners of the house – the uncles and aunt of the filmmaker - and gather from them what it means to undergo the process of change and migration. A sense of nostalgia and loss; as well as the excitement and the insecurity of the future accompany this process; the essence of which is transition. A realization of the inevitability of this transition marks this journey. It could well have been the journey of a country that has propelled itself into modernity. As plans are on for the house to get reconstructed elsewhere in an open air museum, out of its original context – for the filmmaker, the fossilization seems to be complete. The film ends with the tile that says that the filmmaker's father has expired in Mumbai in 2010."] ['The documentary tracks a joint National Geographic Society/Guatemalan Ministry of Culture funded expedition to discover whether there are any grave sites buried beneath the ruins of Cancuén, a city-state in the Petén Basin . The city rose to prominence during the forty year reign of King Taj Chan Ahk, and it is believed to have developed into an ancient trading centre linking the American continents. It is speculated there could be several mass graves in the temple district. The first twenty or so minutes of the documentary is vivid introductory footage showing the lay of the land, a re-enactment of a bartering market in Cancuén, the riches that would have been imported by the aristocrats of the city, and some of the finds already made. A further five minutes is spent covering the archaeologists searching for graves, before cutting to a site on the border of the city believed to contain a 12 m2 grave. Leading the dig is American anthropologist Arthur Demarest, who had discovered evidence of a mass grave after beginning the excavation of Cancuén in 1999. Within a year of beginning work on reconstructing the royal palace, when the size of the complex was realised, he had plans to employ local Maya villagers as guides to a site for eco-tourism; these new finds had far wider implications and the Ministry of Culture gave Demarest a team of archaeologists schooled in the history of the Petén. As Demarest\'s grave is gradually revealed to be a tiled pool, a type of tomb used for ritual killings, and the sheer number of victims becomes apparent—in all, the remains of 31 men, women and children are found—the archaeologists on site are given pause. The victims\' demise had none of the hallmarks of traditional human sacrifices, and when the bones are examined by physical anthropologists it is discovered that they were not captured slaves at all but nobility. The shape of the child victims\' skulls, with the foreheads compressed into the parietal to form a slender rise, is found exclusively in Maya children of noble birth. They are more surprised by the state in which the victims had been buried. The motive was not murder, as they died wearing jade jewellery. Instead, individuals may have been hunted down and slaughtered because the attackers left their weapons with the corpses and viciously stabbed the children, many of whom were under the age of twelve , in the back of the neck. One skeleton suggests that the blade entered under the andible, implying the victim had been grabbed by the head and pulled back upon it, execution style. After traces of a fetus are found, the narrator announces this can only be the extermination of a family. A grisly account is given of the decline of the Maya civilisaton. Within decades of a city-state collapsing displaced persons would sweep through the surrounding regions, preying upon merchants using largely unguarded trade routes, which led to the peasants turning traitor and causing widespread violence. There are several scenarios which could explain a revenge attack of this scale, but it seems most likely that the lower classes of Cancuén had revolted. Half-way through the programme a royal burial is found 80 yards away from the pool, in the jungle outside of the city limits. The skeleton is identified as the remains of Kan Maax, a wealthy and powerful ruler of Cancuén who died around 800 AD, the same time as the royal family went extinct and approximately fifty years before the city was abandoned. It is observed that Maax had been buried in a shallow, unmarked grave "like a beggar", clear cut evidence that the killings were more than murder.'] ["The film covers the beginnings of the era of nuclear warfare, created from a broad range of archival film from the 1940s, 1950s and early 1960s - including newsreel clips, television news footage, U.S. government-produced films , advertisements, television and radio programs. News footage reflected the prevailing understandings of the media and public. A quote which illustrates how the producers used archival footage to illustrate the absurdity of the government's public nuclear propaganda of the time: :Civil defense film: Be sure to include tranquilizers to ease the strain and monotony of life in a fallout shelter. A bottle of 100 should be sufficient for a family of four. Tranquilizers are not a narcotic, and are not habit-forming. Though the topic of atomic holocaust is a grave matter, the film approaches it with black humor. Much of the humor derives from the modern audience's reaction to the old training films, such as the Duck and Cover film shown in schools. A quote to illustrate what can be perceived as black humor culled from the archives: :Army information film: When not close enough to be killed, the atomic bomb is one of the most beautiful sights in the world."] ['Dutch documentary film director, Jan Holman, goes to the Czech Republic to make a film about curing alcoholism. At an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting he finds a man named Jaromir Nohavica who becomes his friend. Another friend of Nohavica, Karel Plihal, becomes mute, and Nohavica decides to start a tour with the band Čechomor to help cure him. When Jan Holman follows with his camera in tow, he finds many inexplicable events along the way.'] ['Gesar Mukpo begins by interviewing a fellow Canadian, Dylan Henderson, who was the first Caucasian tulku discovered in the West, recognized in 1975 by Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche as the incarnation of one of his teachers. The identification was confirmed by Rangjung Rigpe Dorje, the 16th Karmapa, who requested that Henderson come to the Rumtek Monastery in India for the rest of his life.Shambhala Sun, Volume 2, Issues 2–6. Nalanda Foundation and Vajradhatu International, 1993. p. 39. Chögyam Trungpa, however, recommended that he remain in the West. Henderson maintains his Buddhist studies and practices, but without the form and structure present in the East. He has a degree in anthropology and history. In New York City, Mukpo visits his younger half-brother Ashoka Mukpo,Trungpa, Chögyam and Carolyn Rose Gimian. Tulku – clip with Ashoka Mukpo Ashoka was enthroned as a tulku in Tibet, and found the experience, as well as the expectations of others, very intense and at times uncomfortable. He feels his path is not to be a teacher, wearing monk\'s robes, but rather to help others and give back in ways appropriate to his location and culture.  Mukpo visits the Tibetan refugee colony of Bir in Northern India, which since the 1950s has welcomed fleeing Tibetans after the Chinese occupation of Tibet. He interviews his mentor Dzongsar Khyentse Rinpoche, with whom he studied in India instead of attending college. Khyentse, who is an award-winning filmmaker ([[The Cup  as well as a renowned Buddhist master, speaks eloquently about the development of the tulku system, and also about its flaws and possible failings, especially as Buddhism spreads in the West. Mukpo describes his own internal conflict between his Buddhist side and his Western side, lamenting both the seeming incongruousness of the practice when he became a teen and wanted to fit in, and the pressure and obligation he has felt because he bears the designation of tulku. Mukpo meets a 20-year-old from San Francisco, Wyatt Arnold, who is has been studying Tibetan in India for the past year.Tulku – clip with Wyatt Arnold Arnold was identified as a tulku as a young child and enthroned at the age of five.Engler, Steven and Gregory Price Grieve. Lizzy. [http://www.thecoast.ca/halifax/two-worlds-for-tulku/Content?oid=1290706 "Two Worlds for Tulku." The Coast. September 24, 2009. and seeks advice and feedback from Mukpo, who is 14 years his senior. In Nepal, Mukpo visits the Shechen Monastery. This brings back fond memories: When Mukpo was 15, his father died, and his mother sent him there to study with Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche for a year. While in Nepal, Mukpo also interviews Reuben Derksen, who was born in Amsterdam in 1986, raised in Nepal and Bhutan, and recognized as a tulku at the age of 11.Tulku – clip with Reuben Derksen Derksen is the most cynical of all the young tulkus Mukpo interviews, having had a largely negative experience at the Tibetan Buddhist monastery in India he lived at for three years following high school. Although he no longer considers himself a Buddhist, he still goes back annually to emcee the weeklong Buddhist ceremony in Bhutan, mainly because his presence makes the people there so happy. Returning home to Halifax and his family, Mukpo reflects upon his life and upon the experiences of the tulkus and teachers he has interviewed. He admits that there are no easy answers to the complications and contradictions of being a Westerner identified as a Tibetan tulku in a modern, rapidly changing world. One compensation to the culture conflict is the meaningful connection formed to beloved teachers, communities, and heritages. Speaking about his fellow Western tulkus, he concludes, "There is no certain path for any of us, other than the path of self-discovery."'] ['In 1961, in a little village in the middle of the Guinean tropical forest, a music band is born. This band will soon become one of the biggest orchestras of modern Africa. It is Bembeya Jazz. This orchestra, symbolizing the Guinean revolution of Ségou Touré, managed to rock the whole African continent with their music. Forty years later, we go back to its roots. Besides the difficulties, the “Bembeya mystery” is still alive: the legend continues!'] ['Convinced that marriage is one subject that most people are poorly prepared for by most societies, a filmmaker couple set out around the world to try to obtain an honest look at marriage, beyond clichés such as the honeymoon and "...happily ever after". Considering that Golden Anniversaries must be in danger of extinction, they decide to dig deeper into the truths behind marriage by interviewing couples who have been together for 50 years or more. Only then will they decide whether or not to take that giant step themselves.'] ['The film depicts several prominent figures from the early hip hop culture, engaging in activities such as MCing, turntablism, graffiti and B-boying.'] ['Prince Hector  and his young brother Paris  negotiate peace between Troy and Sparta. Paris has fallen in love with Helen , the wife of king Menelaus , and smuggles her back to Troy with him. Infuriated, Menelaus vows revenge. Menelaus approaches his brother Agamemnon ([[Brian Cox , a king who has conquered every army of Greece, and now commands them. Agamemnon, who has wanted to conquer Troy for years , uses this as a justification to invade Troy. General Nestor  asks him to take the legendary warrior Achilles , to rally the troops to the cause. Odysseus , a king of Mycenae commanded by Agamemnon, visits Phtia to persuade Achilles to fight, and finds him training with Patroclus , his cousin. Achilles, pondering his decision, visits his mother Thetis  for advice. She tells him that, before he was even born, she knew this day would come. She also tells him that if he does not go to Troy, he will live a long, happy life and have children, but after he dies, his name will be forgotten and nobody will remember him. If he does go to Troy, he will find great glory in battle, his name will be written into history forever, but he will die there. Achilles, wanting his name to be remembered, chooses to go. The Greeks sail for Troy. Achilles and the Myrmidons are the fastest rowers and land before anyone else. They kill many Trojans and desecrate the temple of Apollo. Briseis , a member of the Trojan royal family, is captured and taken as a prize to the Greeks, despite Achilles claiming her as a war prize himself. Achilles and his Myrmidons do not fight the next day because of Agamemnon\'s unfair claim to Briseis. With Greeks surrounding Troy, Paris challenges Menelaus to a duel to settle things, using the Sword of Troy, his father claiming that the city\'s people have a future so long as the sword is in the hands of a Trojan. Menelaus agrees; however, Agamemnon plans on attacking the city regardless of the outcome. Paris is easily defeated, and wounded. Hector intervenes and kills Menelaus. The Greeks charge the Trojan lines but are forced to fall back when they are nearly wiped out by archers on Troy\'s walls. Ajax is slain in the battle at the hands of Hector. Agamemnon gives Briseis to his men to amuse them after their terrible loss, but Achilles rescues her after they try to rape her. He carries her back to his tent and tends to her wounds. Briseis then tries to kill Achilles but realizes that she has feelings for him and the two make love. The next day, Achilles readies his men to leave, much to Patroclus\' indignation. That night, the Trojans launch a surprise offensive against the Greek encampment, aiming to destroy their boats and prevent their escape. As the Greeks seem to be on the verge of defeat, Achilles appears with the Myrmidons and joins the battle, eventually fighting against Hector. The battle goes much better for the Greeks than before, but all are shocked when Hector cuts Achilles\' throat. Hector removes his foe\'s helmet, revealing the face of Patroclus. After Hector finishes the mortally wounded youth mercifully, both armies agree to end fighting for the day. Before he leaves, Odysseus informs Hector it was his cousin whom he had killed. Achilles, who had slept through the battle, is told by Eudorus of his cousin\'s death. The Greeks had also mistaken Patroclus for Achilles, since he had put on Achilles\' armour and moved like Achilles. Furious, Achilles attacks Eudorus and when Briseis tries to stop him, he throws her to the ground. Later that night, Achilles lights Patroclus\' funeral pyre. Meanwhile, in Troy, Hector realizes that Achilles will seek revenge for the death of his cousin, and begins making preparations to save his loved ones. He leads Andromache to a secret path out of the city, asking her to use it if the city falls. The next day Achilles approaches the gates of Troy alone and shouts for Hector to come out and face him. Hector knows he must face him alone, so he says his goodbyes to his family and friends and then confronts Achilles. The two fight an evenly matched duel at the start, but Hector begins to tire against the relentless assault of Achilles. Eventually, Achilles slays Hector by stabbing him in the chest with Hector\'s broken spear. He then ties Hector\'s body to the back of his chariot, dragging it to the ships, leaving all the Trojans shocked. That night, King Priam  visits the Greek army\'s camp to convince Achilles to let him retrieve Hector\'s body. Moved by the king\'s plea, Achilles acquiesces to his request and allows him to take his son to be buried. Achilles breaks down and cries while preparing Hector\'s body for transport back to Troy. He tells Priam that Hector was the best he had ever fought. He also gives Priam his word that no Greek will attack Troy for 12 days. Achilles lets Priam take Briseis back as well. He later apologises to Eudorus for harming him and gives him one last order: to take the Myrmidons home.  During the 12 day-truce, Troy mourns Hector\'s death while Agamemmnon fumes at the loss of an opportunity to end the war once and for all and the Trojans are in disarray at the loss of their top general even though his generals, including Odysseus, inform him that the death Hector makes no difference as the Greeks still can\'t breach the walls of Troy. Seeing that the mad king will sooner see every one of his own men slaughtered before he gives up his ambition, Odysseus plans to infiltrate the city by building a hollowed-out wooden horse. The Greeks leave the horse at their camp and then depart, hiding their ships in a nearby cove. Priam trusts his priests that the horse is an offering to Poseidon and a gift, despite the misgivings of Paris. Assuming victory, the Trojans take the horse into the city and celebrate. A Trojan scout finds the Greek ships hiding in the cove, but is killed by their archers before he can spread the news. A band of Greeks led by Achilles and Odysseus come out of the horse at night, opening the gates to the city allowing the main army to enter. The Greeks commence the Sack of Troy, massacring the inhabitants and looting buildings. The Trojan army attempts to defend the royal palace but fails and the Greeks storm in. While Troy is burned, Andromache helps Helen and many others escape from Troy through the secret passage Hector showed her. Paris hands Aeneas the Sword of Troy by repeating his father\'s words that the Trojans will have a future as long as the sword is in Trojan hands. After helping the survivors off, He heads back into the city, bow and arrows at the ready as he had been practicing archery to join the rest of the Trojan army, but abandons them after hearing Briseis\' voice calling him. Odysseus kills Glaucus and Agamemnon kills Priam. Achilles searches for Briseis, who is being threatened by Agamemnon. She kills Agamemnon with a concealed knife and is saved from his guards by Achilles. While Achilles is helping Briseis to her feet, Paris, seeking revenge for his brother\'s death, shoots Achilles several times before Briseis manages to stay his hand. Achilles urges Briseis to join Paris and escape from the city and then dies of the wound to the one spot on his body that was vulnerable, his heel. The soldiers arrive to see the fallen Achilles with only the single arrow through his heel, as he had removed all the others, in keeping with the myth that Achilles was killed by a single arrow to the heel. Funeral rituals are performed for him in the ruins of Troy the next day. The film ends with a speech from Odysseus, "If they ever tell my story, let them say I walked with giants. Men rise and fall like the winter wheat, but these names will never die. Let them say I lived in the time of Hector, tamer of horses. Let them say, I lived, in the time of Achilles."'] ["The documentary details the life and work of the artist Beatrice Wood, particularly her experiences as one of the members of the art movement known as Dada during the 1910s. It also recounts friendships with Marcel Duchamp and Henri-Pierre Roché whose book, and subsequent film Jules and Jim, was no doubt inspired by the relationship between the three of them, but actually based on a later relationship between Roché, Helen Grund and the German writer Franz Hessel. Various art consultants, artists, and owners of art galleries who have exhibited Wood's art consulted on the film and were interviewed."] ['Jake Austen for Time Out described the film as follows: :After the Beatles conquered the world, America responded with the Monkees, a friendlier version playing Brill Building hits. Inversely, in Germany, a pair of avant-garde geniuses  conceptualized the monks, a group of bizarre anti-Beatles who would write their own dark minimalist rock. The gifted band, a group of five Americans who had recently finished their U.S. military service at a German base, had honed its skills by playing up to 40 hours a week in the same beat clubs that provided the Beatles’ training. The musicians’ new managers dressed them in black, shaved their heads like monks, provided them with a series of manifestos, and coached them to reconfigure their band to feature tribal drumming, feedback and electric banjo. Somehow, this resulted in one of the greatest albums in rock history. Despite experimenting with minimalism, tension and antipop sensibilities , the record is danceable and joyous. :One of the most fascinating aspects of the film is seeing the five contemporary monks discussing the history they had all buried upon returning to America in 1967, after the band’s dissolution. Larry Clark, the Chicago-bred R&B keyboardist, won’t allow himself to attach any significance to his work with the monks. Absurdly, of the five articulate interviewees, only guitarist and lead singer Gary Burger is willing to attribute political significance to the Vietnam lyrics in their theme song. With this lack of singular vision, it’s not surprising that the filmmakers framed their story by focusing on the conceptualists’ vision.'] ["The film chronicles young Emily's two year struggle to get her feature-length zombie film, Pathogen made."] ['Death on a Factory Farm follows the undercover investigation of Wiles Hog Farm by the animal rights group: The Humane Farming Association , and the resulting court case against it. The organization received a tip from an employee at the farm that animals were being abused, including a claim that hogs were being hung by chains and strangled to death as a form of euthanasia. HFA then turned to an undercover investigator going by the name "Pete." The investigator wore a hidden camera while he worked undercover as a farmhand at Wiles. Over the course of six weeks, the investigator secretly filmed numerous incriminating scenes, including piglets being tossed into crates from across a room, impregnated sows held in pens impeded their ability to move, an unhealthy piglet being hit against a wall to euthanize it, and a sick sow being hung by a chain from a forklift until it choked to death. Having obtained this evidence, Pete concluded the investigation and quit the job at the farm. HFA brought Pete\'s footage to the Wayne County Sheriff\'s Department, which then raided the farm. Prosecutors filed ten criminal charges of animal cruelty against the farm\'s owners, and a farm employee who participated in hanging the sow. In the subsequent trial, the prosecutors and the defense fought about the legality and morality of these practices, described by the presiding judge as "distasteful and offensive". However, the Judge defended these practices as the reality of producing pork for consumption.'] ['The film is a depiction of various scenes, usually violent or bizarre, that somehow relate to hunting. Each scenario is presented one after the other with little regard for narrative continuity.Goodall p. 112 The opening scene introduces a Patagonian hunter who hunts stags to survive. The opening credits play over as he chases after a stag, which he ultimately shoots, kills, and beheads. Afterwards, one of the numerous scenes of anti-hunting gatherings is shown, this one in Cape Cod. The attention quickly shifts to wildlife hunting, where a monkey is killed by a leopard, and then a squirrel monkey by an anaconda. The theme changes again to the social hunt of wild game in Australia and Africa. Aborigines hunt kangaroos and other large marsupials with spears and giant bats with boomerangs. Indigenous tribes of Africa hunt large game, including antelope, buffalo, and elephants, in the savanna. Religious ceremonies are also shown, where the African hunters proceed to suck fresh blood from the entrails of an antelope, and the Australian aborigines symbolically bury their prey in dust to placate the spirits of the animals. Lastly, two brothers are arrested after partaking in a form of ritual post-mortem cannibalism of three of their relatives to acquire the hunting skills of the dead. Other hunting traditions then follow, again rooted in religion. The warriors of the Kuru tribe in Africa commit a sacred act in which they copulate with the ground in belief that it will make the Earth fertile and produce animals for the hunt, and a stag hunt in France, rooted in ancient pagan beliefs of the Gauls, is blessed by a mass before the hunt takes place, during which the hunters and dogs chase and ultimately kill a fleeing stag. In a fox hunt, the Wild Fox Association sabotages the hunting efforts by serving wine laced with a laxative to the hunters and distracting the dogs with an Afghan bitch in heat. Their efforts are then connected to species conservation, and to exemplify that hunters are truly concerned in wildlife conservation, Argentine hunters capture an Andean condor to sell to a zoo. A collage of other conservation efforts is shown, including the tagging of white rhinoceroses, grizzly bears and elephants, which are shot with morphine darts. Argentinian deer and elephant seals are physically subdued and marked. Tourists on Africans safaris then come to view the conservation efforts, which the narrator claims to have seemingly negated the animals\' violent instincts. This deception is demonstrated with the mauling of a tourist named Pit Dernitz by lions. Another anti-hunting demonstration becomes the film\'s focus, this time on the Isle of Wight. Nudity and intercourse are practiced freely amongst the demonstrators, and this is contrasted with ancient hunter-gathering groups, who had strict rules concerning nudity. The narrator argues that once hunting had left this group of people, so did their rules toward nudity. Also highlighted is the contradiction that though this people are against hunting, thousands of farm-raised animals had to die to support them. The focus changes to Humboldt Penguins, which cannot hunt because of polluted waters, and thus seem detached and without focus. This effect is compared to modern day Eskimos, who no longer hunt since the discovery of oil in their homeland and have fallen into depression and melancholy. To reverse the process, several groups of men go out and revive their hunting ways. Reflected in this is a montage of gun ownership, which the film relates to feelings of masculinity, followed by shots of illegal elephant poaching from Africa. To offset the dwindling number of game due to poaching, warriors from the Lobi tribe celebrate the "Ceremony of Life", in which they masturbate with ceremonial rods and pour the product into the river, hoping the animals will drink the semen and multiply. Attention shifts to large electronic probes in the Peruvian savanna used to measure the winds of El Niño for optimal fishing conditions. Fishing birds are also electronically tagged so the prime fishing areas can be located based on the birds\' fishing habits. This fish frenzy in South America is reflected in the salmon run in Alaska, where kodiak bears hunt and fight for prey. An examination of a hunting tradition in northern Europe follows, where falcons assist humans in hunting by catching wild game, such as rabbits and pheasants. Further collaboration with man and animal is highlighted, this time with cheetahs. To demonstrate the cheetah\'s speed and effectiveness, a chase between a group of cheetahs and ostriches is arranged, in which the birds are hunted down and killed. The next animal collaborators are dogs, which hunt wild boar in Patagonia and a puma which has attacked a herd of sheep and a shepherd. In cities, however, stray dogs are the ones hunted by dog catchers, which the narrator claims demonstrates that the hunt is still active, but the prey has changed. Indios also use dogs to hunt monkeys, but their efforts are compared to mercenaries hunting the Indios themselves to clear them from their native land for development. In one such instance, mercenaries retaliate against a death of a workman by hunting down a group of Indios, one of which they torture, castrate and murder. Various scenes of wildlife are then shown, after which orangutans are hunted to be sold to zoos. The film then ends with the coexistence of man and animal between Erik Zimen, an ecologist, and wolves, the group of animals he wishes to save.'] ['By means of five 5 minute films, About Sudan submerges us in some of the most deeply rooted activities in daily life. Based primordially on sound and images, we shall become acquainted with the coffee ceremony, see what happens around a 70 m deep well, meet the Nile, Sufism and travel in a peculiar public transport: the rackshaw. Stroke brushes filled with curious facts about a surprising country.'] ["Why We Fight describes the rise and maintenance of the United States military–industrial complex and its 50-year involvement with the wars led by the United States to date, especially its 2003 Invasion of Iraq. The documentary asserts that in every decade since World War II, the American public was misled so that the government  could take them to war and fuel the military-industrial economy maintaining American political dominance in the world. Interviewed about this matter, are politician John McCain, political scientist and former CIA analyst Chalmers Johnson, politician Richard Perle, neoconservative commentator William Kristol, writer Gore Vidal, and public policy expert Joseph Cirincione. Why We Fight documents the consequences of said foreign policy with the stories of a Vietnam War veteran whose son was killed in the September 11, 2001 attacks, and who then asked the military to write the name of his dead son on any bomb to be dropped in Iraq; and that of a 23-year-old New Yorker who enlists in the United States Army because he was poor and in debt, his decision impelled by his mother's death; and a female military explosives scientist  who arrived in the U.S. as a refugee child from Vietnam in 1975."] ['The film documents how Ry Cooder, long-time friend of Wenders, brought together legendary Cuban musicians to record an album (also called [[Buena Vista Social Club , and to perform a concert in the United States. Although they are geographically close, travel between Cuba and the United States is restricted due to the political tension between the two countries, so many of the artists were travelling there for the first time. The film shows their reactions to this experience, as well as including footage of the resultant sell-out concert. It also includes interviews with each of the main performers.'] ['Ambitious documentary chronicling the cultural life and religious customs of the Sinhalese and the effects of advanced industrialism on such customs.'] ["The film is centered on unionized meatpacking workers at Hormel Foods in Austin, Minnesota between 1985 and 1986. Hormel had cut the hourly wage from $10.69 to $8.25 and cut benefits by 30 percent despite posting a net profit of $30 million. The local union  opposed the cut, but the national union, the United Food and Commercial Workers, disagrees with their strategy. The local union is shown hiring a freelance strike consultant, Ray Rogers, who comes in with charts, graphs and promises of a corporate campaign to draw national press attention. Rogers delivers in the short term, but, it is not enough to defeat opposition from Hormel management and the UFCW international union. Soon, despite the efforts of a seasoned negotiator sent by the parent union, the company has locked out the workers and hired replacement workers, leading to a series of violent conflicts amongst members of the community. The workers' resolve progressively fades as the battle extends into months and years, and the financial hardships they and their families suffer leads some to doubt the value of their efforts. Kopple, who had previously covered an extended miner's strike in the acclaimed 1977 documentary Harlan County, USA, focuses on the personalities and emotions behind the strike, creating a highly charged portrait of labor that is sympathetic to the workers' distress without ignoring the strike's greater ambiguities. American Dream features footage of union meetings and press releases, Hormel press releases, news broadcasts, and in-depth interviews with people on both sides of the issue, including Jesse Jackson."] ['In the directors\' own words, Chang is a "melodrama with man, the jungle, and wild animals as its cast." Kru, the farmer depicted in the film, battles leopards, tigers, and even a herd of elephants, all of which pose a constant threat to his livelihood. As filmmakers, Cooper and Schoedsack attempted to capture real life with their cameras, though they often re-staged events that had not been captured adequately on film. The danger was real to all the people and animals involved. Tigers, leopards, and bears are slaughtered on camera, while the film\'s climax shows Kru\'s house being demolished by a stampeding elephant. Chang was nominated for the Academy Award for Unique and Artistic Production at the first Academy Awards in 1929, the only year when that award was presented. Chang was released by Famous Players-Lasky, a division of Paramount Pictures.'] ['The documentary  covers the birth and development of a professional style wrestling league from the mid 1980s that was produced by young teens aging from 12 to 16 years of age. The film covers the rise and fall of a unique wrestling experience for both the fans and kids that were involved. The film includes footage from the original NWF productions as well as current interviews with past NWF participants.'] ['This film explores the question of preparing the site so that it is not disturbed for 100,000 years, even though no structure in human history has stayed standing for such a long period of time. "Every day, the world over, large amounts of high-level radioactive waste created by nuclear power plants are placed in interim storage, which is vulnerable to natural disasters, man-made disasters, and societal changes. In Finland, the world’s first permanent repository is being hewn out of solid rock – a huge system of underground tunnels – that must last the entire period the waste remains hazardous: 100,000 years." Once the repository waste has been deposited and is full, the facility is to be sealed off and never opened again. Or so we hope, but can we ensure that? And how is it possible to warn our descendants of the deadly waste we left behind? How do we prevent them from thinking they have found the Giza pyramids of our time, mystical burial grounds, hidden treasures? Which languages and signs will they understand? And if they understand, will they respect our instructions? Experts above ground strive to find solutions to this crucially important radioactive waste issue to secure mankind and all species on planet Earth now and in the near and very distant future."'] ['Surfing Soweto is the story of a forgotten generation: Bitch Nigga, Lefa and Mzembe are three of the most notorious train surfers in Soweto. They represent a generation of alienated youth, born during the glowing promise after the demise of apartheid and yet without the skills or wherewithal to reap the benefits of their newly-won freedoms. Surfing Soweto shows them riding on the top of trains, ducking as they hurtle past lethal electrical cables, and also in the intimacy of their homes and families.{{cite news}}'] ['The documentary film looks at the political activities and activism of Americans who were members or supporters of the American Communist Party. It is one of the first non-fiction films to examine the role of a third political party in the United States.'] ['What Buelent, Murat, Fatos and Ciğdem share are memories of their childhood and youth in Germany. Now all of them live in Istanbul, three against their will. Fatos and Murat were forced to go to Turkey by their parents, Buelent was deported five years ago. Only Cigdem, the young manager with a German passport freely opted for a life in Istanbul. But even after decades in their parents country of origin, the other three have never really managed to make it their home. Insteas, they have constructed a surrogate Germany for themselves.'] ["Broke* begins two years in the past, at the beginnings of Gray’s independent journey, recording demos in the basement of his friend's home. The demos come to the attention of producer T Bone Burnett who asks to meet and listen to more of Gray’s music. Despite these auspicious beginnings, frustrating meetings with a New York record executive fail to produce an acceptable deal, so Gray decides to set out on his own as an independent artist. The film follows his struggles to establish a fanbase, manage bookings and cancellations, and all of the other exhilirations and frustrations of independent music making. Broke* features interviews with recording industry insiders about new paradigms for the music business."] ["In November 2009, filmmaker Cameron Crowe began filming a behind-the-scenes look at the creation of the album The Union, a collaboration between musicians Elton John and Leon Russell, who hadn't spoken to one another in 38 years prior to beginning work on the album. In addition, the documentary offers a rare glimpse into the process John goes through to create and compose his music. Featured in the film are musicians Neil Young, Brian Wilson, Booker T. Jones, steel guitarist Robert Randolph, Don Was and a 10-piece gospel choir who all contribute to the album, which is produced by award-winning producer T-Bone Burnett. Musician Stevie Nicks and John's long-time lyricist Bernie Taupin also appear. On March 2, 2011, the documentary was announced to open the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival.{{cite news}}"] ['Morocco has spent more than 30 years denying the Saharans the right to their own life and land. In exile, the women are the pillar of their struggle; they keep the society together and keep up the fight and resistance. Their struggle, from abroad, from refugee camps, from their occupied land, shows the strength and force of the Saharan women. The "Tebraa" is the Saharan women’s song, be it of love or sorrow, and they sing when they are alone. It’s an intimate song. That’s where we have tried to go, to that place that no army can take away, that place full of pain and hope, of weariness and love, of struggle and desire.'] ["Briski, a documentary photographer, went to Calcutta to photograph prostitutes. While there, she befriended their children and offered to teach the children photography to reciprocate being allowed to photograph their mothers. The children were given cameras so they could learn photography and possibly improve their lives. Much of their work was used in the film, and the filmmakers recorded the classes as well as daily life in the red light district. The children's work was exhibited, and one boy was even sent to a photography conference in Amsterdam. Briski also recorded her efforts to place the children in boarding schools."] ["Lothar Schramm is a polite, neighbourly cab driver who makes an honest living and invites callers in for cognac. Later on, he might slit their throats and assemble their bodies in suggestive poses. He lives next door to a young, beautiful prostitute named Marianne, whom he is smitten with. Schramm is lonely. His sex life is seriously deranged and his social life is nonexistent. He makes love to inflatable plastic dolls, fantasizes about vaginas with teeth, nails his foreskin to tables and dreams of a visit to the dentist who extracts him an eyeball. He has constant flashbacks and paranoid delusions of his knee getting amputated. He whitewashes bloodstains off the walls of his flat. When Marianne is invited by some affluent gentlemen clients to a villa outside of town, she asks Schramm to chauffeur her so she'll be safe. He accepts and he invites her to a friendly dinner, ignoring his desire for her. He takes her back to his flat, where he drugs her and strips her. He snaps photos and masturbates spitefully over her naked body. The next day Marianne rings at his door for a lift, but Schramm does not answer. He has fallen from a ladder while painting over the blood on his walls. His head has cracked on the floor. The next thing we see is Marianne in the villa outside of town, attired like a Hitler youth, bound and gagged on a chair, helpless victim to her eccentric clients. Papers declare the 'Lonesome Death of Lipstick Killer.'"] ['Unity is divided into four parts: Body, Mind, Heart and Soul. Part One focuses on food, emphasizing how the food consumed affects one\'s energy level and influences their mind. Part Two is devoted to an understanding of the human ego, which always perceives opposites in one another, . Part Three is centered on emotion and the human capacity to love, which actually enables us to go beyond these opposites. And Part Four is about a higher level of consciousness. The anthological film and audiobook present a hyperbolic reference to hominid taxonomic nomenclature that may serve as a microcosm of the Unity theme. Chapter two features the introduction of two hominid variants with their contrasting diets, Homo fructus  and the more aggressive Homo corpus , who branched from H. sapiens. Although H. fructus eat biochemically compatible food, inversely related to diseases of affluence, H. corpus consume ghoulish and self-injurious diets of animal tissue and ungulate liquefaction necrosis. Both psychological types naturally digest raw, whole fruit best and both degrade digestion with non-fibrous food intake.{{cite journal}}{{cite journal}} Psychosociological conditions  and decompensations  are attributed to the culturally-determined, cryptonecrophagous diets lacking phytochemicals. Hominidae also share the genetic capacity of empathic arousal, with further developed mirror neurons and abundant syntheses of oxytocin.{{cite journal |pages10.1073/pnas.0935845100 |title2003 |last1L. |journal100 |issuel7AWnfFRc7g>Decety, J., Ickes, W. "The Social Neuroscience of Empathy." Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 2009.  Esmeralda Mujanic commented that, Homo animalem corpem consumit means "man consumes dead animal" and Homo fructum consumit means "man consumes fruit."Esmeralda Mujanic, personal communication, April 16, 2009. But for simplicity, "H. corpus" and "H. fructus" are used, respectively. In actuality, there are relatively few genetic, metabolic or breast milk composition differences between hominids.{{cite journal}}McArdle, et al. . Human Energy Expenditure During Rest and Physical Activity. Exercise Physiology: Energy, Nutrition and Human Performance, third edition. Malvern, PA: Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. pp. 159-161.{{cite journal}} So, references to H. fructus and especially H. corpus reflect characteristics of psychological, not biological taxa. There are no distinct human biological typologies. Homo sapiens means wise  man . But if the abundance of available biochemical, comparative anatomical, psychological, epidemiological, sociological and anthropological research pertaining to aberrant behavior, acquired digestive disorders and rampant diseases associated with animal consumption is valid, then \'sapience\' is not a salient feature of humans taking meat or viscoelastic bovinae dairy, when food is available.{{cite journal}}{{cite journal}}{{cite journal}}Allen, M. W. Social Structure, Status Seeking And The Basic Food Groups. ANZMAC 2005 Conference: Consumer Behaviour. Pages 1-12. Retrieved online June 6, from http://smib.vuw.ac.nz:8081/www/anzmac20 … -Allen.pdf{{cite journal}}'] ['Chris & Don tells the story of a romance that began on the beaches of Santa Monica in the 1950s, when Christopher Isherwood at age 48 met Don Bachardy who then was eighteen years old. Isherwood, an established author with works such as The Berlin Stories, which helped inspire much of Cabaret, helped Bachardy discover and develop his affinity for drawing and painting as he became a renowned portrait painter during the second half of the 20th century to the present. The documentary includes insight from friends, including Liza Minnelli and John Boorman, who tell of the countless struggles the two faced as one of the first openly gay couples in Hollywood. Despite the age difference, the couple endured until Isherwood succumbed to prostate cancer in 1986.'] ['The film documents the varied playing and recording styles of guitarists Jimmy Page, The Edge, and Jack White. Page\'s history with guitar traces back to his childhood when he played in a skiffle band. After desiring to do more than play pop music, Page "retires" from guitar playing to attend art school. He later revives his music career as a session guitarist, only to be discouraged by the realization that he is playing others\' music and stifling his own creativity. At that point, Page begins to write and perform in the bands The Yardbirds and Led Zeppelin. Page discusses the skiffle and blues music that influenced him at the time. For many of Page\'s scenes, he is seen visiting Headley Grange, where several songs from Led Zeppelin IV were recorded, and in one scene, explains how the distinctive drum sound from "When the Levee Breaks" was achieved from the acoustics of the house it was recorded in. The Edge\'s history with guitar traces back to building a guitar with his brother Dik and learning to play. In the film, he visits Mount Temple Comprehensive School and recalls forming U2 in his childhood. He also demonstrates his playing technique, in how he eliminates certain strings from chords, as well as his use of echo and delay effects to "fill in notes that aren\'t there". He also discusses his purchase of his signature guitar, the Gibson Explorer, in New York City and the punk music that influenced him. In other scenes, he plays early demo tapes of "Where the Streets Have No Name", discusses his inspiration for "Sunday Bloody Sunday", and spends time experimenting with guitar effects for the riffs to "Get on Your Boots". Jack White traces his musical background to his childhood in a rundown neighborhood of Detroit. Living with two drum sets and a guitar occupying his room and sleeping on a piece of foam due to taking out his bed for more room for his music, White struggled to find a musical identity, as it was "uncool" to play an instrument and his nine siblings all shared a musical propensity. His strong interest in blues and roots music opposed the hip hop and house music popular in the predominantly Latino south Detroit neighbourhood at the time. White eventually finds a niche in a garage rock band called The Upholsterers while working as an upholsterer, which paves the way for his future bands The White Stripes and The Raconteurs. White\'s philosophy is to limit and challenge himself in various ways to force creative approaches to recording and playing. The touchstone of the film is a meeting of the three guitarists dubbed "The Summit". In these scenes, the three guitarists not only converse about their influences and techniques, but they also play each other\'s songs together, showing each other how to play "I Will Follow", "Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground", and "In My Time of Dying". The film concludes with the men playing an impromptu cover version of The Band\'s "The Weight" on acoustic guitars.'] ["Based upon documentation of forced confessions made during the Khmer Rouge era in Cambodia, and recovered during the 1980s, Bophana: A Cambodian Tragedy reconstructs the relationship of a young woman, Hout Bophana, and Ly Sitha, a former Buddhist monk turned Khmer Rouge cadre. Bophana and Sitha met before the fall of Phnom Penh. Sitha, disgusted by the corruption of the Lon Nol regime, joined the Communist Khmer Rouge resistance, and the couple was separated. After Phnom Penh's residents were forced to leave by the Khmer Rouge, Bophana and Sitha were reunited, only to both be caught up in the genocidal regime's purges, in which they were arrested and taken to S21 prison, where they were tortured and forced to make confessions before they were both executed in 1976."] ['On the coast of Androy, the southernmost point of Madagascar, the weather conditions don’t allow the fishermen to go fishing very often. The dunes build up, day by day, over fertile land. But that’s not the worst. The population is missing the most important element, water. To calm their thirst and hunger, many villages eat "raketa mena", a cactus whose scientific name is Opuntia stricta. But this cactus is an invader that dries out the land. What is the solution?'] ['How does one live as a white person in a dominantly black society? What does one feel being one of the most visible persons and, probably, one of the most ignored? Agnes, an albino woman in Kenya, feels it daily. Ever since she was born, she has had to deal with the prejudices that surround albinos. In My Genes bears witness to the lives of eight people who suffer discrimination due to a simple genetic anomaly.'] ['Not Quite Hollywood documents the revival of Australian cinema during the Australian New Wave of the 1970s and \'80s through B-movies including Alvin Purple, Barry McKenzie Holds His Own, Dead-End Drive In, Long Weekend, Mad Max, The Man from Hong Kong, Patrick, Razorback, Roadgames, Stork and Turkey Shoot. From 1971 through to the late 1980s, Australian directors began to take advantage of the newly introduced R-rating which allowed more on-screen nudity, sex and violence for audiences restricted to age 18 and over.<ref name http://www.news.com.au/couriermail/story/0,23739,24101258-7642,00.html| title  2008-09-30| date  The Courier-Mail| first  Partridge}} {{Dead link}} "Ozploitation"—writer-director Mark Hartley\'s own portmanteau of "Australian exploitation"—was a subgenre of the New Wave which accounted for the critically panned "gross-out comedies, sex romps, action and road movies, teen films, westerns, thrillers and horror films" of the era, commonly overlooked in Australia\'s "official film history".<ref name http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,24168396-15803,00.html| title  2008-09-30| date  The Australian| first  Moore}} The film addresses three main categories of "Ozploitation" films: sex, horror and action.{{cite web}}'] [' In the film, journalist crews are first seen trying to avoid being penned up in Kuwait City as the war is about to break. Other journalists repeatedly try to get through military zones to capture what\'s happening. Once these journalists make it into Iraq, they capture troops at their frazzled ends, cussing. A journalist described a Scud missile "whizzing" by is artfully juxtaposed with a shot of a string of photographers taking a "whiz". The reporters themselves wrestle with grisly images and the effect it may have on their humanity. One journalist admits she felt, "I\'m in over my head," but presses on. Later, she says of a tragic scene she has just witnessed, "If that doesn\'t affect you, you should find something else to do. That shit should always affect you." The U.S. later bombs the Baghdad hotel where these journalists are staying. After the gunfire stops, a Polish journalist files a radio report that says, "It doesn\'t look good," adding that a Marine has told him "too many people still have weapons."{{Cite journal | first Catlin | authorlink  | year July 6 | title Hartford Courant  | volume  | pages  | url  "watch">{{Cite journal}}'] ['The prospect of Earth being ruled from space is no longer science-fiction. The dream of the original Dr. Strangelove, Wernher von Braun  has survived every US administration since World War II and is coming to life. Today the technology exists to weaponize space, a massive American industry thrives, and nations are maneuvering for advantage.'] ['The film recounts six months in the 2005-06 life of five children with autism and their parents in Los Angeles, California as their children write and rehearse for an original stage production.Page, Janice.  Boston Globe Look at autism sings by playing it straight. Section: LivingArts; Page 5C. Among the children, Henry Stills is an expert on dinosaurs and a budding comedian; Adam Mandela Walden plays the cello and sings in the film. The other children featured in the film have one or more things they excel at doing if only given the training they need to communicate and develop those skills. Several of the parents appearing in the film are well known in his or her own right. For example, Rosanne Katon-Walden was Playboy magazine\'s Playmate of the Month for its September 1978 issue and her husband Richard Walden is the president and chief executive officer of Operation USA, an international organization that shared the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize for its work as part of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines. American guitarist and singer/songwriter Stephen Stills is "Stills" in the renowned rock band Crosby, Stills & Nash. They and the other parents round out a cast of real-life parents struggling with their strained marriages while dealing with the sometimes overwhelming needs of their child with autism.'] ["While the film begins with footage of Wal-Mart CEO Lee Scott praising the corporation at a large employee convention, the film spends a majority of its running time on personal interviews. A variety of criticisms of the corporation emerge from these interviews, demonstrating Wal-Mart's anti-union practices, detrimental impacts on small businesses, insufficient environmental protection policies, and poor record on workers' rights in the United States and internationally. The film ends with interviews of community leaders that have prevented Wal-Mart stores from being built in their communities and an exhortation for others to do the same."] ['Filmed over six years on three continents , The Hooping Life follows eight performers, entrepreneurs, teachers and healers as they use the hula-hoop and reinvent “hooping” into a dance and spiritual and fitness phenomenon.{{cite news}}'] ['If you search the words “moderate Muslim” today you will get more than 8 million hits on the internet. This interest is the result of apost-9/11 Western world trying to make sense of Islam and its followers. The need to identify “militant jihadists” by distinguishing them from moderate Muslims has cast suspicion on all Muslims in America. Stereotypes are becoming well-entrenched. The purpose of this documentary is to break those stereotypes by showcasing Pakistani Americans and asking them questions non-Muslim Americans have framed through vox pop interviews. A secondary goal is to educate people about the basic tenets of Islam in order to highlight similarities with the Judeo-Christian tradition.'] ['This documentary tells of how the Chagossians were torn from their islands in the northern Indian Ocean. In 1965, the Colonial British authorities declared the isle separate from Mauritius in exchange of its independence. Then, the United States rented Diego Garcia, the largest of the isles, to install a military base and the population was sent to Mauritius. The Chagossians have spent the past 36 years living in extreme poverty in Mauritius, dreaming of one day going home.'] ['The unnamed narrator, a serious Filipino-American immigrant, muses of his days in the Philippines and continues on to speculate on the mysterious disappearance of both of his grandfathers. His curiosity leads him to research his past and urges him to discover the whereabouts of his kin. He offers the audience an inside look to his internal conflict regarding his family history by narrating throughout the film. Much of the movie consists of snapshots and footage of the World\'s Fair and some of the "real" footage has been, in fact, just a reenactment of what is thought to be the past. The film begins with the narrator thinking of his children and subsequently thinking of his days as a child in the Philippines. He expresses his sadness of belonging to neither country  and his desire to gain a foundation for his personal history. With this said, the narrator recounts the story of both of his grandfathers\' lives. One of the grandfathers\'  had fought in the revolution against Spain in 1896 and the Philippine-American War in 1899, only to be killed in the trenches and never have his body found. The narrator speculates that his grandfather is probably buried in one of the several mass graves on the outskirts of Manila. While Emiliano had an interesting death by fighting in the war, the other\'s story was far more interesting. The other grandfather, named Markod, had been an Igarot warrior in the Philippines. When the Americans had first came to the village, the tribal members were afraid. But, they soon realized that the Americans wanted to become friends and take them to America to showcase their culture. Markod was, at first, hesitant since his wife was expecting a child. In 1904, Markod and several families of his village decided to go America as participants in the St. Louis World\'s Fair. At the time, Markod had been a young chief, known for his skills as a hunter and warrior. Markod was first taken to San Francisco on a boat and then taken to St. Louis on a train, where 2 of his companions froze to death in a boxcar. Once at St. Louis, the Igarots built an entire village out of the "traditional" elements of the Philippines. The St. Louis World\'s Fair was set to begin. At the World\'s Fair, many people came to see the men and women on display at the Philippine reservation. These people wanted to catch a glimpse of the Filipino in flesh and blood, in their "natural habitat". Over 1,000 "natives" of various heritages were on display simultaneously at the fair. Native tribes which had not known of each others existence were placed next to each other on the reservation. The aim of this was to show to the American people the various stages of social progress, from "barbaric" to "civilized" and Christian. Markod admired the skills of the different tribes and he marveled at the various animals on display at the fair. One day, a sick baby girl born to an African couple was taken away and never seen again. The father of the child talked about the incident and the authorities of the World\'s Fair became wary of an uprising. Extra scouts were posted in the village. Markod thought about how the Western people say that their God is strong, but their medicines are weak. The death of the child deeply disturbed Markod and he became fearful that evil things would begin to happen. Markod became homesick and missed his wife and home in the mountains. He became disturbed at the noise and brightness of the fair and longed for the quietness of his home. Two Igarot men also disappeared and the whole village mourned at their death. They mourned for days while the American public watched, unaware of their grief. Markod tried to escape after this incident. He escaped into the woods and relished the music of the sounds of nature he knew so well. He hoped to get by unnoticed and would be able to escape from the fair. When reaching the edge of the forest, he fell into a deep sleep, only to awaken surrounded by unknown American faces. He was then placed in a solitary confinement to keep him from escaping. When the World\'s Fair ended, Markod mysteriously disappeared. The narrator comes back into the plot here and he discovers through archives, that there had been an unusual incident just before the closing of the fair, which involved the death of an Igarot male. The remains had been mangled beyond recognition, but authorities had determined that he was Filipino by the color of his skin. This man could have been Markod, or he could have been put on display at other fairs around the country. Still, Markod\'s remains could currently be displayed at the Smithsonian Museum where the brains of two Filipinos had been removed immediately after their death. At the end of the film, the location of Markod\'s body was still unknown and the narrator still wonders on the whereabouts of his ancestor.'] ["According to the film, prisoners in the United States are incarcerated in men's or women's prisons depending on their biological sex , and not their gender identity. As a result, pre-operative trans women are incarcerated in men's prisons, and trans men in women's prisons.{{Cite web | title  Outcast Films | date  http://www.outcast-films.com/films/cu/background.html | accessdate off>{{Cite web}}"] ['This documentary traces the careers of cinematographers László Kovács and Vilmos Zsigmond. These lifelong friends are Hungarian expatriates who had been studying cinematography in Hungary and defected following the 1956 Soviet invasion. Coincidently, they also photographed many of the tumultuous events during the invasion. Michael Goldman, of the Los Angeles Times, described their introduction to America: :"After a harrowing journey secreting the footage out of the country so it can be seen by the rest of the world, they end up in Los Angeles, where they toil anonymously in B-level biker films, wandering into Roger Corman\'s orbit. Soon after, both men flash to prominence filming several classic movies, playing important roles in the New Hollywood movement of the late \'60s and \'70s."Goldman, Michael. The Los Angeles Times, Entertainment Section, "László Kovács, Vilmos Zsigmond: Fade in on a friendship," November 15, 2009. The documentary chronicles their careers with numerous clips and testimonials from Peter Bogdanovich, Peter Fonda, Dennis Hopper, Sandra Bullock, Tatum O\'Neal, Sharon Stone and Barbra Streisand and others.'] ['August 2, 1990, at dawn in Kuwait, a long succession of tanks and trucks drive toward and over the TV screen as opening credits roll, with contemporary radio news report playing. Guy Hunter, Jr., Steven Shaefer, Steve Tate, Beverly Clark, Phoebe Jeter, Jonathan Alston, Ben Pennington, Mary Rhoads, Devon Jones and Lawrence Slade are introduced to the viewer, mostly in the context of family and friends back home, while Iraq invades Kuwait, Kuwaitis resist the invasion, Saddam Hussein takes foreign nationals in Iraq prisoner as human shields, the United States progressively increases its forces in and around Saudi Arabia, Army Reserve units become activated for Desert Shield, the United Nations sets a deadline for Iraq to withdraw from Kuwait, and finally, Saddam Hussein ignores that deadline up to the first commercial break. The activations mean that Ben Pennington does not get to tell his father and brother, who are off in the woods, goodbye, Phoebe Jeter does not get to see her ill grandmother for one last time, Daniel Maldonado misses the birth of his daughter, and one bride, Linda Buckholz, has to show her wedding to the guests on video. The viewer is treated to displays of American and coalition military deployment as contemporary radio news reports inform the viewer that the United Nations coalition has started to attack Iraq and occupied Kuwait as a prelude to liberating Kuwait. As Ben Pennington is deployed aboard an Air Force rescue helicopter, a hidden cameraman interviews him, and Ben replies that they are deliberately attracting Iraqi radar so AH-64 Apache helicopters can target the radars with anti-radiation missiles to clear a corridor for the bombers and simultaneously providing rescue cover in case a pilot is shot down and needs to be rescued by Ben and the crew on board. The viewer gets to hear more news reports about infrared and night vision technology and laser-guided missiles fired from planes including the F-117 Nighthawk while a Nighthawk is displayed and gun camera footage shows various targets being destroyed in a sterile, precise fashion. Another news report mentions the role played by the Navy battleships Wisconsin and Missouri while they are shown firing their {{convert|16|in|mm|0|sing8AX3Nw9Ivos&feature=related 4:11 to 5:05, "I\'ve met Iraqi pilots, and they\'re good..." but attributed their weaknesses to Iraqi command and control, when, once it and the radars were defeated, made the Iraqis easier to shoot down. Back home in Pennsylvania, Beverly Clark is dismayed to be activated and deployed, and shares her doubts about coming home alive with her mother. Several starving and frightened Iraqi soldiers, waving white flags and approaching the border, surrender to Crumes\' and Ford\'s Marine squad, and cringe when the Marines fire a warning shot. The prisoners are given food and medical attention as required under the Geneva Convention. In contrast, Iraq\'s treatment of coalition prisoners such as British TornadoDiscovery Channel Video, On The Inside, episode, Inside the Kill Box, narrated by Michael Ironside, released January 15, 2001. Written by Kurt Sayenga, Web reference http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0309715/ pilot John Peters is shown as Iraq depicted to the news media, and new prisoner Guy Hunter is tortured under interrogation and also shown to the news media while his daughter and wife back home watch in anguish. The F-14 Devon Jones is flying is hit by a surface-to-air missile despite attempts to evade it, and both are forced to eject before the jet is engulfed in flame. Devon Jones lands in Iraq before dawn and activates his emergency transmitter. Soon Ben Pennington is out looking for him. But the Iraqis are also homing in on the rescue signal. Devon notices a truck, and then notices the Air Force helicopter. The helicopter notices the vehicle, and Devon indicates it might be a military vehicle. At least one AH-64 Apache is covering the rescue, and fires Hellfire missiles on the truck. Ben expertly disembarks from the helicopter, rifle drawn, and quickly finds Devon, does a "fireman\'s carry" for him, runs to the MH-53J helicopter, hands over his rifle, hands over Devon, and quickly secures Devon for liftoff while gunners watch for the enemy. Not a second after Devon is secured when the helicopter lifts off, "inbound" with "survivor on board". Devon demands to know about his backseater, Larry. Ben replies that they will know when they return to base. Indeed, Larry was captured. Crumes and Ford are enjoying some bottled water when the Battle of Khafji begins and a unit needs a Corpsman. Crumes is able to save one soldier\'s life, but reflects to Ford on the terror of war and asks if Vietnam was as bad. Ford replies that the all-volunteer U.S. military in Iraq is better trained than the U.S. military in Vietnam, but adds that the Marines will still go in first, this time like the last. After another news report and video of Scuds falling on Israel, which although attacked, must remain neutral for the sake of maintaining the international coalition including Egypt and Syria, the Patriot anti-missile system is introduced. Phoebe Jeter\'s battery saves Gary Buckholz\'s base. Meanwhile, Beverly Clark and Mary Rhoads are at a processing center for incoming U.S. soldiers, in Dhahran, which will later be hit by a Scud. Meanwhile, Private Steven Shaefer has volunteered for Desert Storm duty, and quickly upon arriving in Kuwait meets Specialist Jonathan Alston. When an explosion is heard in the distance, Alston knows that Shaefer is inexperienced in combat, and questions him about his training. Sure enough, Steven has not been prepped on chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear warfare or even on land mines, merely his basic training. When Jonathan demands to know how the Army messed up sending him into danger, Steven drops his bombshell. Alston is impressed and says they will win medals like Alston\'s uncles did in the Second World War. The ground war starts. Marine Captain Michael Shupp  instructs Ford and Crumes\' unit to fight professionally to keep one another safe, but to reserve compassion for Saddam\'s draftees deliberately sacrificed by Saddam to keep his Republican Guard in reserveDiscovery Channel Video, On The Inside, episode, Inside the Kill Box, narrated by Michael Ironside, released January 15, 2001. Written by Kurt Sayenga, Web reference http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0309715/, and promises them that they will all make it through and go home. Precision weapons save their unit when the enemy is "danger close". Shupp orders his men only to fire in self-defense after the enemy surrenders. Indeed, another news reporter voices over video of long lines of Iraqi prisoners of war who had been forced to fight with death squads and land mines to prevent desertion. Guy Hunter, Jr., gets tortured again after a coalition strike that scares him, and probably did more than scare his captors. Threatened with execution and blindfolded, Hunter shows no fear, and says "just do it." Meanwhile, Beverly Clark is winning at trivia, but pauses long enough to get a soda and chat with her best friend Mary Rhoads. Beverly tells Mary she has come to peace about being deployed in a danger zone, and Mary invites Beverly to join her for fresh air, though Beverly declines. Suddenly there is a Scud alarm. Mary starts putting on chemical warfare gear, and Beverly instructs others to do the same. However, the Patriot is not successful in annihilating the Scud, and Mary watches in horror as Beverly and her comrades are hit by the incoming warhead. Another news reporter voice-over with video of the aftermath. It is not long before the Clarks in Pennsylvania are summoned to Army Reserve headquarters, where a tactful notification of families is under way, but taking too long for the Clark parents. Beverly\'s mother found out what her husband, weeping in the senior officer\'s office, already heard from him, and despite her initial denial, she understands the truth. Alston and Shaefer get their medals when they volunteer to kill an Iraqi suicide squad ready to detonate an ammunition dump in the way of U.S. forces in Objective Utah, western Kuwait, and overcome various dangers including land mines and trip wires. Shaefer distracts the squad with his M-16 while Alston, above the trench, tosses in a hand grenade. The Basra-Kuwait "Highway of Death" is depicted next with more videos and voice-overs, indicating that the intent is not to destroy, but to disable the Iraqi retreat. Nevertheless, in contrast to the funeral of Beverly Clark in Pennsylvania, a significant amount of death exists on the Highway for a U.S. Army chaplain, announced by the newscaster as a rabbi, to provide appropriate Muslim rights for. By now, Hunter has been reunited with other American POWs, including Larry Slade: when one hugs Hunter, it is evident the Iraqis broke his ribs. When the Iraqis come back, they come back with cheap perfume. Hunter challenges the captors, and enraged, one threatens to shoot him, but Hunter is not going to give them the satisfaction of showing fear this time either. He replies, "God bless America." The U.S. troops return home to widespread jubilation, including one Linda Buckholz in her wedding gown. The celebration contrasts with Phoebe Jeter at the grave site of her grandmother. Finally, President George Herbert Walker Bush gives an address celebrating the defeat of aggression and the restoration of Kuwait to its people.'] ['Mariem Hassan is the voice of the Sahara, the voice of the desert. Worshipped by the Saharaui in exile, Mariem Hassan inspires hope to those who still live in the territories occupied by Morocco. An intelligent woman with an awe-inspiring voice, she has managed to take traditional Saharaui music to the 21st century.{{cite web}} The documentary records the many ups and downs of Mariem\'s life.{{cite web}} It reveals her as a "courageous and enduring character who has become one of the most charismatic and respected singers of the world music scene".{{cite web}} To make the documentary, director Manuel Dominguez accompanied Mariem Hassan on her travels with a camera, selecting from all of her concerts and recordings. His narrative captures the excitement of each "agarit" . We see her at the ETNOSOI Festival in Helsinki in 2004, in Les Escales, France, where the concert was transformed into a party with the Tuareg groups that joined the performance, in a theater in Liège singing "Do not abandon me," two days before enduring an operation for cancer, and in recordings made in the desert in Saharawi camps.{{cite web}}'] ['Jordana Horn in The Jewish Daily Forward states that: :Budrus [is] a documentary by Julia Bacha that examines one West Bank town’s reaction to Israel’s construction of the security barrier. The town, with a population of 1,500, was set to be divided and encircled by the barrier, losing 300 acres of land and 3,000 olive trees. These trees were not only critical for economic survival but also sacred to the town’s intergenerational history. The film tells the story of Ayed Morrar, a Palestinian whose work for Fatah had led to five detentions in Israeli jails, but whose momentous strategic decision that the barrier would be best opposed by nonviolent resistance had far-reaching ramifications.'] ['The film contains footage of an 1898 baseball game between Reading Phillies and the Newark Bears. The camera is situated twenty feet from the bag and a short extract of the game is then filmed.'] ["Louise Bourgeois: The Spider, the Mistress and the Tangerine chronicles the life and imagination of Paris-born artist Louise Bourgeois. Her process is on full display in this documentary, which features the artist in her studio and with her installations, shedding light on her intentions and inspirations. Throughout the documentary, Bourgeois reveals her life and work to be imbued with her ongoing obsession with the mysteries of childhood. Bourgeois has for six decades been an important and influential figure in the world of modern art. In 1982, at the age of 71, she became the first woman to be honored with a major retrospective at New York's Museum of Modern Art. She is perhaps best known for her series of massive spider structures that have been installed around the world. Filmed with unprecedented access to the artist between 1993 and 2007, Louise Bourgeois: The Spider, the Mistress and the Tangerine is a comprehensive examination of the creative process."] ['{{Expand section}} 24 Hours on Craigslist tells the story of the people posting to and reading Craiglist over the course of August 4, 2003.'] ["The dawn of the Space Age is amidst the crucible of World War II. Prompted by gaining pre-eminence in the high-ground of space, the world's triumphant superpowers race to dominate orbit, the Moon and beyond. To this end, the United States government under President Truman commits to founding the National Council of Astronautics  and the United States Space Force  in 1949. After a period of technological development and installation of infrastructure, Eagle One lands the first men on the Moon in July 1963. With continued lunar operations, the eyes of the NCA turn to Mars, landing there in 1968. The 1970s and beyond are devoted to technological expansion and the privatisation of space, leading to a very different modern day. The film is told through the eyes of those who witnessed and lived through these historical events."] ['Using first hand discussions with the primary proponents of the revitilazation of Pawtucket, the film shows a community coming together behind the arts.http://www.newenglandfilm.com/magazine/archives/2009/05/pawtucket The film shows new uses for historic mills, now being used as artists work and living spaces. An historic national guard armory is saved from decades of decay by a small theater company called the Sandra Feinstein Gamm Theater. Alongside the Gamm Theater, is a new arts centric high school called the Jacqueline Walsh High School for the Performing Arts. Pawtucket has also brought in other arts organizations from the Providence area, like the Foundry Artists Association. When the owners of the Foundry in Providence wanted to convert their building to living space, the working artists were displaced. They were invited to Pawtucket, and have been exhibiting once a year for two weeks near the holiday season. Pawtucket has also had success with a decade old Pawtucket Arts Festival, held annually at the Slater Mill. The month-long arts festival now has a film festival, musical performances, open studies, Philharmonic in the park, as well as many other events.http://www.pawtucketartsfestival.org Pawtucket Arts Festival The film has shown on PBShttp://rhodeislandpbs.blogspot.com/2009/01/pawtucket-rising-profiles-growth-of.html.'] ['In a Dream is a documentary about Philadelphia-based artist Isaiah Zagar that was filmed and directed by his son, Jeremiah. Isaiah Zagar is famous for his complex, highly-detailed mosaics, which cover {{convert}} of South Philly with elaborate designs made from tiles and mirror pieces. These mosaics chronicle his relationship with his wife, Julia, and make him a dominant figure in the city’s arts scene. Zagar reveals many personal details of his life during the film, including revelations about his childhood and the existence of an adulterous relationship that threatens to tear his family apart.'] ["Alongside the southernmost urban centre in Africa, separating city from ocean, lays a very special strip of land. Set against the beautiful backdrop of the Atlantic Ocean on one side and Signal Hill on the other, the Sea Point Promenade – and the public swimming pools in its centre – forms a space unlike any in Cape Town. Once a bastion of Apartheid exclusivity, it is nowadays unique in its apparently easy mix of age, race, gender, religion, wealth status and sexual orientation. Somehow this space has become one where all South Africans feel they have a right to exist, and where the possibility of happiness in a divided world doesn't seem unfeasible. But what is the reality of those coming here? How do people see their past, their present in this space and their future in this country?{{cite news}}"] ['The film focuses on the history of computer company Apple Inc., and its Macintosh line of computers specifically.<ref name2009-02-08 |urlThe history of the Mac, told by those who were there |work2009-01-07 |author=Griffiths, Rob }}'] ['Photographers leave the deck of a riverboat in large numbers. In the background a bridge can be seen spanning the river. The video covers a group who have assembled in Neuville for the Congress of Photographic Societies. The film was produced in the morning and then screened to the congress that afternoon.'] ['The film begins by studying the Zero Tolerance policies in public schools in the 1990s, which were designed to eradicate drugs and weapons at schools. By arbitrary application of this policy via unchecked authority, soon nail clippers, key chains, and aspirin were considered dangerous and violations of the rules. This policy, combined with Columbine-inspired fear, has resulted in kindergartners being suspended for using pointed fingers as guns in games of cops and robbers and students being suspended for having Midol and Alka-Seltzer. This policy has turned schools into Kafka-esque nightmares, absurd and demoralizing. Increasingly, issues once dealt with by the guidance counselor or a trip to the principal’s office are now handled by handcuffs and tasers in the hands of police.http://www.nhpr.org/node/29048{{dead link|date"huffingtonpost1">{{cite news|urlJonathan Kim: ReThink Interview: Cevin Soling, Director of the War On Kids |publisher 2010-03-29|accessdate"huffingtonpost1"/> Ritalin and other drugs are being over-prescribed. These strong drugs can have dire consequences, including suicide and murder. Some school shooters, including the Columbine killers, have used or been on these drugs. This film touches on an area almost completely ignored in any discussion of education - the genesis of compulsory education. Public schools are modeled after a Prussian system, one geared towards creating compliant soldiers.{{cite news|urlJonathan Kim: ReThink Review: The War On Kids - Education\'s Prisoners |publisher 2010-01-14|accessdate"cvillepodcast1">{{cite web|urlCharlottesville-Right Now: Cevin Soling » Charlottesville Podcasting Network |publisher2012-02-26 |accessdate"cvillepodcast1"/>'] ["This documentary focuses on the careers of influential partners in trash film, John Waters and Divine. The film includes interviews with Waters' parents and sister, actress Edith Massey sings two songs , as well as a live performance of Divine performing his song Born to be Cheap."] ['1978\'s Wilmington 10—USA 10,000 examined the impact of racism and the short-comings of the criminal justice system by examining the history of the nine black men and one white woman who became known as the "Wilmington Ten."'] ["Hollywood Outlaw is the true tale of the life-altering journey of New York City comic Maija DiGiorgio The film is a comedic documentary that tells the story of Di Giorgio as a mixed race female comic and her rapid rise to become a mainstay in the New York comedy world, mentored by people like Dave Chappelle, Russell Simmons and others with appearances on Showtime at the Apollo, Def Comedy Jam, co-host of a morning show on the number one station in the country, Hot 97, Sex & the City, TV pilots and featured at HBO’s Aspen Comedy Festival. In spite of this apparent direct path to success, Di Giorgio soon discovers that she does not fit the mold that Hollywood wants to place her in and she finds herself at a creative and personal cross road of being true to herself or being pigeon holed by an industry that tries to tell her who she is and who she should be. A major Hollywood executive tells her “I get you- you’re a young kid raised in the ghetto, you have a fire in your belly from all the hard times you have seen”, when in fact Maija went to boarding school in Greenwich Connecticut. The only ghetto Maija had ever seen was watching repeats of “GoodTimes”. Maija chooses to walk away from it all and start over. In a desperate attempt to salvage both career and sanity, Maija sets out to show the world just how twisted and masochistic her world of standup comedy really is. Maija who asks her soon to be boyfriend, Kenny Simmons who is determined to help Maija but also see himself back in a producer position, and he immediately begins to line up huge star talent and takes claim to the credits of producer, by his none stop attack on getting talent. Setting off this couple's tailspin journey, is a confrontation with Jerry Seinfeld on location of the star’s own project. This escapade results in a New York Post front-page headline and death threats forcing the camera toting couple to leave the city. Forging ahead with a dysfunctional crew, they crisscross the country, Maija in search of some answers and Kenny in search of fame and fortune. They convince a surprising birth of industry legends to sit down for the most revealing and awkward interviews of their careers. Maija and Kenny manage to record an eclectic borage of insightful, and yet sometimes absurd and irrelevant opinions. George Carlin, Chevy Chase, Phyllis Diller, Kevin James, Lewis Black, Rita Rudner, Ray Romano, Paul Mooney, and Richard Pryor are among a long list of celebrity comics harassed into being a part of this project. - When Kenny’s obsession with fame takes over Maija’s film and personal quest, she is forced to fight back or risk losing everything. Maija DiGiorgio’s is a familiar story of the tumultuous search for true identity. She shows us the emotional pain from which humor is born and the powerful role it plays in uplifting us and keeping us sane. In the wake of life’s greatest tragedies, the human spirit is transformed, and Maija has recorded the raw reality of its course."] ['A documentary that highlights conservative American reactions to the Democratic victory of the 2008 presidential election.Washington Post'] ["The filmmaker is a childhood friend of Bagby, and when he begins making home movies, Bagby frequently appears in them. As they become more professional in quality in later years, Bagby invests in them as well. Bagby is a 28-year-old medical student when he meets Shirley Jane Turner, a twice-divorced Canadian American general practitioner thirteen years his senior. Bagby's parents, friends, and associates are wary of the relationship, but initially Turner seems to keep Bagby grounded and relatively free of stress as he pursues his career. Turner lives and works in Council Bluffs, Iowa, while Bagby works as a resident in family practice in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Eventually, the relationship crumbles and they separate. Turner returns to her home but then drives almost 1,000 miles overnight to meet Bagby at a local park on November 5, 2001. Bagby's body is discovered there the following day, face down with five gunshot wounds.{{cite web}}"] ["In the remote northern town of Inukjuak, Nunavik, 8 Inuit teenagers are given cameras to document their final year of high school. The film chronicles their efforts to learn how to come of age in a rapidly-changing culture, while coping with issues like suicide and substance abuse. Hockey, hip hop, hunting and midnight Ski-Doo rides. Welcome to Inukjuak. It's the final year of high school for eight teens at Innalik school in this remote town in northern Quebec. These eight students, through the initiative of NFB, have been selected to document this pivotal year of their lives. To teach them some basics, the NFB has dispatched filmmakers Daniel Cross and Mila Aung-Thwin. The result of their collaboration is Inuuvunga, a vibrant and utterly contemporary view of life in Canada's North. The students use their new film skills to address a broad range of issues, from the widening communication gap with their elders to the loss of their peers to suicide. Throughout, they reveal an unusual and fascinating mix of southern and northern cultures. Seamless and startling, Inuuvunga paints a rich portrait of coming of age in an Inuit town and helps to dispel the myths of northern isolation and desolation. Instead, we discover a place where hope and strength overcome struggle."] ['Opening with a title card dedicating the film to about seven or eight of the drivers/loaders and market workers whom we’ll meet as the film progresses, Anderson establishes the rituals of the daily routine; the loading of the lorries, the post-midnight drive through the deserted country and city streets as, voice over, the BBC Light Programme\'s announcer says goodnight, signs off, and the national anthem, God Save the Queen plays. "All these roads leads to Covent Garden" says the narrator, dramatist Alun Owen, and then there follows a montage of the market workers slowly beginning their night\'s work, work which they do 364 days a year. As the "streets are stirring", the vegetables and flowers begin to arrive and stalls are gradually set up; the overall pace of the editing picks up as the activity increases and the rhythm of night establishes itself. Up to this point, the rhythm of the film parallels that of the activities it portrays; the steady pace of the loading and arrival at Covent Garden gives way to a faster pace of editing as Anderson carefully establishes mood and feeling by focusing on the activities of several of the individual workers who are introduced to us by name. There is some casual bantering, some jokes, some time for a cup of tea, but it\'s mostly steady work. A montage of shots follows and it establishes the routine: flower and vegetable boxes are being opened and set up, their contents exposed for the buyers, lorries are unloaded, deliveries are being made to the stallholders until, finally all is ready. So Every Day proceeds by respecting the dignity of the market workers and their roles in the rhythm of the market\'s operations. Then the pace slows again: it\'s time for a breather before the buyers arrive. This time Anderson allows his camera and the pace of his editing to focus on many of the individuals relaxing; these include not only the market workers, but the “night time habitués” of the market cafes where they can get a cup of tea, have a chat, snooze a bit, and prepare themselves for the next phase. By 4 a.m. the market is empty, the streets are empty; the camera pans across silent rows of flower and vegetable stalls. We wait. “Daylight brings traffic back to the market” says the narrator, and the mood quickly changes. It\'s suddenly busier, noisier, and the film\'s rhythms reflect this. The familiar sound of the BBC Home Service announcer\'s “good morning” at 6.30am is heard against the arrival of many of the corporate buyers, those from the large store chains. By 7am business is brisk, and this is reflected in the many voice-overs we hear with snippets of conversation, orders being taken, porters given instructions, all the natural sounds of market activity placed over a montage of constant movement. Then, as movement is "steadily outwards" there is a sequence of porters  with boxes of all sorts, many mounted on their heads, moving the produce and flowers out to waiting lorries and larger barrows. As the market activity slows by about 8am, once again the film\'s pacing reflects a quieter time in the workers’ day. Cafes are busy again and older female flower sellers, around since Queen Victoria was on the throne, we are told, look for bargains as we hear their chatter about the old days when every man wore a flower. "By 11am there\'s nothing left" and loading of big lorries going out into the country is well under way. In a montage of loaded lorries leaving the market  the activities have come full circle: the market\'s day ends where it began, and film comes to an end with a review of the faces of the market workers to whom the film is dedicated.'] ['Gambling, Gods and LSD is a "travel diary" that loosely documents director Peter Mettler\'s "introspective journey" through four countries: Canada, the United States, Switzerland and India. The film consists of four segments, each showing what people do to discover themselves and find happiness.<ref namep. 105}} Mettler also visits the Toronto Airport Christian Fellowship Church who chant, dance and roll on the floor of an airport hangar where they believe Jesus once visited. In the next segment petroglyphs and snakes are observed in Monument Valley in Southwestern United States,{{sfn}} In the third segment, Mettler interviews the Swiss scientist who discovered LSD, Albert Hofmann, who bemoans that fact that Timothy Leary\'s "flamboyant ... overly simplifi[cation]" of the drug made doing serious research on it "impossible".{{sfn}} visits "poodle racers" and a techno rave.<ref namep. 107}} and a visit to the Bombay Laughing Club where members find solace in laughing and making faces at one another.'] ['Four young Egyptians take different paths to find the place they can each call "Home". Due to economical, religious or educational reasons, they are faced with difficulties that will force them to look for a way out through emigration or trying to live with the people that surround them.'] ["Directed by Scottish journalist Ruaridh Arrow the film follows the use of Gene Sharp's work across revolutionary groups throughout the world. There is particular focus on Sharp's key text From Dictatorship to DemocracyGene Sharp , From Dictatorship to Democracy . East Boston, NA: Albert Einstein Institution. ISBN 978-1-880813-09-6, ISBN 1-880813-09-2, {{OCLC}} which has been translated by democracy activists into more than 30 languages and used in revolutions from Serbia and Ukraine to Egypt and Syria. The film describes how Sharp's 198 techniques of nonviolent regime change have inspired and informed uprisings across the globe."] ['900.000 people are trafficked through international borders every year with a single purpose: sexual exploitation. However, even with all the struggles and dangers, young Brazilian women still believe in the possibility of changing their lives and finding their enchanted prince as they are submerged into the work of sexual tourism. Only a tiny minority ever manages to find a soul mate and get married. The film journeys from the northeast of Brazil to Berlin seeking to understand the sexual, racial, and power imaginary of the young Cinderellas from the south and the wolves from the north.'] ['Thierry Guetta is a French immigrant living in Los Angeles, making a comfortable living with his vintage clothing shop. He also has a strange obsession with carrying a camera everywhere he goes, constantly filming his surroundings. On a holiday in France, he discovers his cousin is Invader, an internationally known street artist. Thierry finds this fascinating, and accompanies Invader and his friends, including the artists Monsieur André and Zevs on their nocturnal adventures, documenting their activities. A few months later, Invader visits Thierry in LA, and arranges a meeting with Shepard Fairey. Thierry continues filming Fairey\'s activities even after Invader has returned home to France. While Fairey is confused by Thierry\'s enthusiasm, Thierry states that he wishes to make a complete documentary about street art, and the two cross the nation, shooting other artists at work, including Seizer, Neck Face, Sweet Toof, Cyclops, Ron English, Dotmasters, Swoon, Azil, Borf and Buffmonster. What Guetta fails to tell Fairey is that he has no plan to compile his footage into an actual film, and indeed never looks at his footage. Guetta continues to hear more about Banksy – a prominent and particularly secretive artist. His attempts to contact Banksy meet with failure, until one day Banksy visits LA without his usual accomplice, who is refused entry to the US. Stuck in LA without a guide, Banksy contacts Fairey, who calls Guetta. Guetta becomes Banksy\'s guide in LA, later following him back to England, winning the privilege to film Banksy on his home turf – a feat that confuses Banksy\'s crew. Banksy, however, sees the opportunity to document street art, which he recognizes as having a "short life span", and after Guetta aids him in recording both production, deployment and crowd reactions to his "Murdered Phone-box" piece, asks him to film the preparations for his "Barely Legal" show. The two become friends, as Guetta provides Banksy with some relief from his anonymity. Returning to LA, Guetta becomes bored, and eventually ends up producing his own stickers and decals and putting them up in the city. Banksy\'s show is being prepared in Skid Row, Los Angeles, and while in LA, Banksy has the idea of deploying a Guantanamo Bay detainee doll in Disneyland. He visits the location and places the doll while Guetta films. A short while later, however, the rides stop, and the park\'s security catch Guetta, who is taken to an interrogation room, while Banksy switches clothes and blends into the crowd. During interrogation, Guetta refuses to admit any wrongdoing, and when allowed a phone call, covertly alerts Banksy to his situation. When confronted by security personnel, he destroys the evidence in his stills camera, but stashes the videotape in his sock and is eventually let go, much to the amazement of Banksy who then says he trusts him implicitly because of the incident. A few days later, "Barely Legal" opens, and becomes an overnight mainstream success. Street art prices begin to rocket in auction houses. Banksy is both surprised and disillusioned by the sudden hype surrounding street art, and urges Guetta to finish his supposed documentary. Guetta begins to edit together the several thousand hours of footage, and produces a film titled Life Remote Control. The result is 90&nbsp;minutes of distorted fast cutting about seemingly random themes. Banksy questions Guetta\'s ability as a filmmaker, deeming his product "unwatchable", but realizes the street art footage itself is valuable. Banksy decides to have a shot at producing a film himself. To make sure that Guetta remains occupied, Banksy suggests he make his own art show. {{Quote box}} Guetta happily accepts the assignment, adopting the name "Mr. Brainwash", putting up street art in the city and six months later, re-mortgaging his business to afford renting copious equipment and a complete production team to create pieces of art under his supervision. He rents a former CBS studio to prepare his first show, "Life Is Beautiful", and scales up his production to something much larger than Banksy suggested, but with little focus. When Guetta breaks his foot after falling off a ladder, Banksy realises that the show may well become a trainwreck, and sends a few professionals to help Guetta out. While the producers take care of the practical side of the show, Guetta spends his time on more publicity, asking support from both Fairey and Banksy, eventually taping up huge billboards with their quotes, and ultimately ending up on the cover of L. A. Weekly. Preparation is seriously behind schedule, and Guetta\'s production team insists that he must make decisions &mdash; yet Guetta spends his time hyping up and marketing his work for tens of thousands of dollars. Eight hours before the opening, paintings are still missing from the walls, and since Guetta is busy giving interviews, the eventual layout of the show is decided by the crew itself. Despite all this, however, the show becomes a raging success with the crowd, and after the first week of the show, Guetta sells almost a million dollars worth of art, with his pieces showing in galleries all around the world, to the utter confusion of both Fairey and Banksy. In an ending montage, Guetta insists that time will tell whether he is a real artist or not.'] ["Laughology tells the story of how Nerenberg became a Laughologist following a family tragedy and reveals new information about the nature of laughter. Nerenberg travels from Canada to the USA, India, London, and Tanzania in search of his laugh. Some of the elements of the film were chronicled in Nerenberg’s popular series in the Montreal Gazette on Positivity. The film also claims to have found the man with the world's most contagious laugh, Doug Collins. In the film, Collins travels with Nerenberg to London England where the science behind his laugh is tested by the neuroscientific team responsible for proving that laughter is contagious.MSNBC Laughology makes the case that the laughter fitness trend has scientific basis. The film features the development of Laughter Yoga and traces the development of laughter culture to the Inuit of the far north."] ['Portrecista  examines the life and work of Wilhelm Brasse, who had been trained as a portrait photographer at his aunt\'s studio prior to World War II and passionately loved taking photographs.{{cite web|urlThe Portraitist|workrekontrplan.pl|accessdateLucas/> which is "illustrated with archive stock and iconography."{{cite news}}'] ['Taking the expedition of a group of Frenchmen following in the tracks of their fellow countrymen as a starting point, Bougafer 33 is a journey through time and space that tells of the battle that took place in 1933 at the foot of the Bougafer Mountain during the war Morocco fought against the French-Spanish colonial conquest. Eyewitness accounts, stock footage, written tales and songs all contribute to reinstate the history of the last resistants of the Ait Atta. An epic ordeal of fierce and highly organized battles in which women and children took part in the name of freedom.'] ["In 1972, during Mao Zedong's Cultural Revolution, Michelangelo Antonioni was invited by the People's Republic of China to direct a documentary about New China. Only permitted to visit certain parts of the country,http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068375/plotsummary the director traveled with his crew for eight weeks in Beijing, Nanjing, Suzhou, Shanghai, and Henan. The result was a three and a half hour long film, divided into three parts. Mao and his wife Jiang Qing disliked it so much that Michelangelo Antonioni was consequently charged with being anti-Chinese as well as counterrevolutionary.http://www.marxists.org/subject/china/peking-review/1974/PR1974-08d.htm The movie was finally shown at Beijing's Cinema Institute 30 years later."] ['Volcanic Sprint is a documentary film about the Mount Cameroon Race of Hope, which is located in the Southwest Province of Cameroon, in the city of Buea. The film focuses on five main competitors: Sarah Etonge, Catherine Ngwang, Max Mwambo, Dominique Tedjojem, and Bart van Doorne. During the first half of the film, it cuts between footage of the athletes with their families, at work, and training. The second half of the film covers the race itself, starting at the Molyko Sport Complex, going up to the summit of Mount Cameroon, and back down again. Volcanic Sprint debuted at the 2007 Globians Film Festival in Berlin, Germany.'] ["Revenge follows four entrepreneurs from 2007 through the end of 2010 as they fight to bring the electric car back to the world market in the midst of a global recession. The protagonists are Bob Lutz from General Motors, Elon Musk from the American start-up Tesla Motors, Carlos Ghosn from Nissan, and Greg Abbott, an independent electric car converter from California. Whereas the 2006 film Who Killed the Electric Car? ended with the destruction of nearly 5,000 electric cars from California's clean air program, notably the GM EV1, the new film features the birth of a new generation of electric cars including the Chevrolet Volt, the Nissan Leaf and the Tesla Roadster."] ["How is it possible that children living in the remotest part of the Mongolian steppes know who Ronaldo is? This film tells the adventurous story of three heroes, none of whom have ever met, but who nevertheless have two things in common: firstly, they all live in the farthest-flung corners of the planet and, secondly, they are all three determined to see on TV the final in Japan of the 2002 World Cup between Germany and Brazil. The protagonists in this 'global' comedy are: a family of Mongolian nomads, a camel caravan of Tuaregs in the Sahara, and a group of Indians in the Amazon. They all live about 500 kilometres away from the next town – and the next television – making their task a particularly daunting one. Nevertheless, these inventive people possess the resourcefulness and the willpower to achieve their goal.<ref name11 Best Soccer Movies |url11 March 2012|newspaper9 June 2010}}{{cite news}}"] ['Namir is Egyptian, a Copt and now lives in France.The San Francisco Chronicle Namir realizes he has in his hands a very interesting subject for a documentary: he convinces his producer that it is a good idea and sets off on a journey that takes him back to his origins and puts his profession as a director to the test. However, he has not reckoned with his mother, the real protagonist of the story.{{RefFCAAAL}} Eventually, in her hometown, they recreate an apparition with the help of the other villagers.'] ['Entering the daily lives of "problem cases" at a Montreal high school that sits at the bottom of school performance rankings, Denys Desjardins sweeps away preconceptions about the quality of teaching in disadvantaged neighbourhoods and the alleged delinquency of the kids who live there. A subtle, captivating film that gives new impetus to the debate over public education. A far-reaching examination of student life that stimulates reflection on the role of school in our society and asks how willing we are to support and finance the school system so that it will not be merely a factory churning out parts for the social machine.'] ['Preparing to leave for Delhi, Purushan bids his mother goodbye, promising to write to her regularly. In the thinly populated forest area of Wayanad in the north-east of Kerala, the jeep in which he is travelling is stopped by the Police, who take possession of it to carry a dead body found hanging on the wayside tree. The dead man\'s face looks familiar to Purushan. He becomes restless and is seized with a pathological obsession to find out the identity of the deceased. Against the wishes of his girl friend, he abandons his trip to Delhi and sets out to seek his friends who may have some clue. Purushan meets journalist friends, doctors, and finally a veteran comrade, fondly addressed as Balettan who identifies the dead as the fellow musician who accompanied Satyajit, the guitarist. Satyajit confirms the deceased is his friend Hari, the tabla player. Together they decide to inform Hari\'s mother who stays in Cochin. They set out on a long eventful journey from the northern highlands of Wayanad to the Southern port city of Cochin. As they move from Calicut to, Beypore, Kodungalloor, Thrissur, Kottapuram, Vypin, and finally to Fort Kochi , the group swells as they meet many mothers and their sons and relatives who have known Hari; some had known him as a tabla player, some as Tony, the jazz drummer and others as a silent political activist, a victim of police brutality, and a loner. And for others he was a drug addict and one who used to drown his sorrow and pain in his music. Through their recollections, Hari\'s rather diffused identity unfolds. His classmates remember Hari as an introvert, weak and indecisive. His worker comrades identify him as a staunch revolutionary with a strong resistance and will power. But then what went wrong? The colonial past of the places, what they took from us and what they left behind as well as the peoples protests and uprisings, the region witnesses and their heroes and victims are integrated into the narrative, by way of information as well as critiquing. While reporting to his mother about Hari and his friends and their mothers on his southbound journey, John also reconstructs the history of the land through a series of class struggles, student protests, and workers union clashes that took place in the region where Purushan traversed. Starting with the medical students agitation against commercialization of medical education, to a short dialogue with Karuppuswamy, the unfortunate victim who had lost both his legs in a colliery workers struggle for better wages and human dignity, in Kottapuram, to Vypin island where several mazdoors  either died or lost their eyesight in the man-made hooch tragedy, to the Citizens group\'s forcible taking over of rice and sugar hoarded by unscrupulous black marketer traders and distributing to ordinary people at fair prices and giving back the money collected to the traders, to the manipulated fight between workers of two feuding unions in a Mattanchery street in Fort Kochi, where four fishermen had died, and also some targeted working class leaders in a fake Police encounter, an abortive factory workers strike extending solidarity to the retrenched women workers in Fort Kochi, are some of the long list of peoples protests and struggles reported with deep concern and feeling by Purushan in a long letter to his Mother. As Purushan and his group wait for Hari\'s mother to come out of the Baptism ceremony from the church, they analyse their own past, note the emerging debate focusing on the romantic evasions and tragic failures of the extremist movement. When Hari s mother finally turns up and faces the youth congregation, she asks "Suicide wasn\'t it?" The film ends with Purushan\'s mother watching Hari\'s mother wiping her tear.'] ['"Cosmic Voyage" takes on a similar format as the National Film Board of Canada\'s "Cosmic Zoom", and IBM\'s classic "Powers of Ten" educational video. The film takes viewers on a journey through forty-two orders of magnitude, beginning at a celebration in Italy to zoom to the edge of the observable universe. The view descends back to earth, and later zooms in upon a raindrop on a leaf, to the level of sub-atomic particles . In addition, the film offers some brief insight on the Big Bang Theory, black holes, and the development of our Solar System. It also simulates a journey through Fermilab\'s Tevatron particle accelerator in Chicago, where an atom collision is depicted.'] ["In Africa there are many children that dream of crossing the sea, leaving their families and homes behind, believing that they'll have a real chance on the other side. Those that manage to make the crossing soon discover that reality is far from what they had imagined when they find themselves in the internment centers. This documentary lends its voice to those under age immigrants that long for a better life."] ["The film begins in 1967 with extremely exotic and unusual scenes of a mast , followed by a scene of Baba washing the feet of lepers, and then an interview of Meher Baba by van Gasteren. The film ends with a much older van Gasteren returning to India three decades later in a reunion with Eruch Jessawala who originally interpreted Baba's gestures. Meher Baba has long died as the now more mature men exchange words and photos. Also in the final scenes, Louis van Gasteren dons a red turban that Meher Baba had given him during their meeting in 1967 and which he had not worn for 30 years."] ['After the 2004 Asian tsunami disaster strikes, four independent volunteers, with little money and no experience, race off to volunteer in tsunami ravaged Sri Lanka. They meet up by fate at Colombo airport and decide to form a volunteer team. They rent a van, fill it with supplies and start driving down the coast to see where they can help. They stumble into a tribal village called Peraliya, which has been destroyed by a forty foot wave. During the time the wave hit Peraliya, a train called "The Queen of the Sea" which happened to be passing by at the same time was derailed and washed away killing over 2500 passengers and villagers. No-one was there helping so the volunteer team set up a first aid station and find themselves in charge of looking after a refugee camp with over 3000 people. Their initial two week journey turns into a year long odyssey of heartbreak and hope as the villagers slowly begin to turn against them when the worlds donated tsunami money doesn\'t materialize. The volunteers concentrate on the bigger picture and push on through the death threats and break every rule in the \'Disaster Aid Books\'.'] ['Paul is a High School football hero, the quarter back, named "best looking," and the Valedictorian. Paul however, since Kindergarten, has felt that something is sexually wrong with him. Although Paul dates girls in High School, upon going to the University of California, Berkeley, he begins to think he might be a transgender woman. He dates both men and women and in his late 20s, he finally transitions into a female, through gender reassignment surgery, and becomes Kimberly Reed, a lesbian. Paul\'s younger brother Todd also announces something about his sexuality. Kimberly Reed becomes a film maker and returns home to Montana for her high school reunion and to reconcile her relationship with her adopted brother Marc. She discovers many revelations on her journey including Marc\'s shocking blood relationship as the secret grandson of Orson Welles and Rita Hayworth. In the movie, the intense sibling rivalry and unforeseeable twists of plot and gender forces them to face serious challenges. Kimberly Reed appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show "Transgender Transition," on February 11, 2010, to discuss her life and movie, along with her mother.  Marc McKerrow\'s biological mother, Rebecca Welles , secretly gave birth to a son on March 31, 1966, when she was 21. Orson Welles never knew about his grandson. Rita Hayworth also probably did not know about this boy. When Marc was 21, he was in a car accident that resulted in a serious, traumatic brain injury. This injury lead him to be mentally incapacitated, and require medical treatment to control violent outbursts. Rebecca Welles died at the age of 59 in 2004. It was only after Rebecca\'s death that 38-year-old Marc discovered his true lineage. Marc McKerrow died suddenly in his sleep on June 18, 2010, only four months after his sibling\'s appearance on "Oprah." His death was "...caused by complications from a nocturnal seizure" related to his car accident.http://helenair.com/news/local/obituaries/article_b2081642-7e92-11df-81a9-001cc4c03286.html'] ["The film emulates the 1968 trip made by Yvon Chouinard and Doug Tompkins to Patagonia, but rather than by land, Jeff Johnson travels by sea from Mexico and south along the west coast of Chile. The film opens with original home movie footage as taken by Chouinard and Tompkins, and then continues with Johnson's own footage, in which he includes surfing, sailing and climbing as the film follows Johnson signing on with a small boat heading for Chile, his being delayed for several weeks on Easter Island, his meeting travel partner Makohe, and in his reaching Patagonia, Johnson meeting with Chouinard and Tompkins. The film concludes with his attempt to climb Cerro Corcovado , an attempt that was halted 200 feet from the summit out of concerns for safety.{{cite news}}"] ['Congolese cinema came to light by means of propaganda and educational films during the colonial era. Nowadays, local productions have a hard time keeping their above water, and Congolese filmmakers wonder about the future of a cinema lacking any kind of support. The film is a documentary about Congolese three technicians  and Ferdinad Kanza, a director who made films in the years 1970-1980 and work at the National Radio Television of Congo.{{cite web}}'] ["The documentary is told from the eyes of Megumi's mother and father as they learned the grave truth of their daughter's abduction, and their thirty year search for the truth."] ['The film covers the 2005 edition of the Race Across America. It focuses on several riders, including Jure Robic, Bob Breedlove, Christopher MacDonald, and Patrick Autissier. From the starting line in San Diego, the film follows the riders across the country as they endure difficult weather, challenging terrain, and sleep deprivation.http://bicycling.about.com/od/professionalcycling/fr/bicycle_dreams_review.htm Several days into the race, Breedlove, a race veteran and endurance cycling legend, is killed in a head-on collision with a pickup truck. The other riders must deal with the aftermath of the accident and decide whether to continue the race.'] ['The film begins with an August 21, 2006 White House press conference from President George W. Bush in which he reiterates his commitment to help the city recover. Palast points out that over half a million people fled the flood and one year later only 170,000 have returned, almost none to their own homes, and sets out his plan to answer the questions; * Why did they have to leave? What really caused the flood? * Why can’t they come back now? Palast goes to the offices of IEM a private corporation which the Bush administration had contracted evacuation planning to for US$500,000. He contends that the company had no experience in the field, had failed to come up with a plan, and had only been awarded the contract because it was a major contributor to Republican Party funds. Dr. Ivor Van Heerden of LSU supports some of the claims. Palast visits the London Avenue Canal levee with former city councilman Brod Bagert to show the results of the levees breaking. Dr. Van Heerden reveals that the levees were deliberately constructed below standards and the Bush administration had been warned. Furthermore the Federal Emergency Management Agency  and the White House knew when the levees broke but they failed to warn anybody. Palast travels to the FEMA trailer park where 73,000 families that fled Hurricane Katrina continue to live locked behind a barbed wire fence. Back in New Orleans, he reveals that all public housing, even those unaffected by the hurricane, have been sealed and residents who try to return to their homes face official harassment as the storm is used as an excuse to reclaim valuable real estate. Palast’s final revelation is that the private consulting firm contracted by the government to analyse what went wrong with the response to Hurricane Katrina is IEM.'] ['A Walk to Beautiful tells the stories of five women in Ethiopia who are ostracized by their family and villages due to their suffering from obstetric fistula, a serious medical condition caused by failed childbirth under conditions of insurmountable poverty and inadequate health care. These women live in isolation with a sense of loneliness and shame due to rejection by their own. Each of these five women choose to reclaim their lives by taking the long and exhausting journey to the Addis Ababa Fistula Hospital so they could receive the medical treatment available only there. Upon arriving at the hospital, the women are treated free of charge, resulting in new beginnings. However, not every patient can be cured, but each woman takes her own journey toward becoming independent and productive members of their communities once again.'] ['The film follows four Boy Scouts and two Scout leaders from the streets of Harlem to the woods of Camp Keowa on Crystal Lake in the Catskills. The newest Scout, eleven-year-old Keith Dozier, spends his first week at camp facing the challenges of the woods: the dock test in the deep lake, creatures of the night, the climbing tower, the raucous dining hall, and the kitchen. With help from his fellow Scouts and Scoutmaster Sowah, young Keith faces the challenges and earns his place as a Scout.<ref name |urlFilming the Scouts of Harlem |publisher2009-12-04}}'] ["Director Michealene Cristini Risley traveled to Zimbabwe to explore the rape and AIDS crisis in the country. She had previously befriended Betty Makoni, a born and raised Zimbabwean, and got to know about Makoni's organization, The Girl Child Network, which aims to empower the girls in Zimbabwe to stand up for their rights and also to provide a network as protection for these girls. The stories were told by the girls of Zimbabwe and Makoni was the main cast for this film. Throughout the film, it was shown how Makoni has helped the girls in finding their voice and speaks out on the atrocities they have experienced. Risley and her crew were arrested and incarcerated shortly after shooting 22 hours of footage in Zimbabwe.http://savehope.blogspot.com/2007/08/this-past-week.html The film was also seized by the Zimbabwean Intelligence Office at one time. However, the team managed to retrieve the footage and left Zimbabwe shortly after."] ['God Grew Tired Of Us chronicles the arduous journey of three young Southern Sudanese men, John Bul Dau, Daniel Pach and Panther Bior, to the United States where they strive for a brighter future. As young boys in the 1980s, they had walked a thousand miles to escape their war-ridden homeland, and then had to make another arduous journey to escape Ethiopia. During the five years they walked in search of safety, thousands died from starvation, dehydration, bomb raids and genocidal murder. Finally, they found relative safety in Kenya’s Kakuma refugee camp. In 2001, 3,600 lost boys, including John, Daniel and Panther, were invited by the United States to live in America. Assisted by Catholic Charities International, the three boys uproot their lives and once again embark on a journey, leaving behind thousands of other refugees who, in the course of their traumatic odyssey, have become their adopted extended family. They must now learn to adapt to the shock of being thrust into the economically intense culture of the United States, learning new customs, adapting to new and strange foods, coping with the ordeal of getting, and keeping a job, or multiple jobs, while never forgetting the loved ones they left behind in Africa. They dedicate themselves to doing whatever they can to help those they left behind in Kakuma, and to discovering the fate of their parents and family. The title comes from a statement by John, in expressing that he thought the suffering and killings he saw during his countries civil war may have been the final judgment on the earth spoken of in the Bible, because "God was tired of us," "tired of the of bad things the people were doing." God Grew Tired Of Us was produced, written and directed by Christopher Dillon Quinn, executive produced by Brad Pitt and narrated by Nicole Kidman. The title of the documentary is a quote from John Dau discussing the despair he and other Sudanese felt during the civil war.<ref name http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/01/19/AR2007011901571.html |title  The Washington Post |date  2007-01-31| author English }}'] ['The film is about the differences between the United States and Mexico, with different opinions by people on the street, or sellers. It talks about drugs, money, the human body, the price of living, and how people see each other.'] ["An Inconvenient Tax examines the Federal Income Tax and how Congress uses the complex tax code to achieve political goals that are unrelated to raising revenue. The result of 95 years of additions, subtractions, deductions, and exclusions, the 62,000 page tax code is so complex that many are voicing their desire to greatly simplify it or to even completely remove it. Currently, tax revenue cannot even pay for government spending. The film follows the progression of taxation through wars, economic booms, and significant presidencies in U.S. history. An Inconvenient Tax includes commentary from the country's top economic experts, commentators, and political voices. Noam Chomsky, Ron Paul, Steve Forbes, Joseph Thorndike, Mike Huckabee, Charles Rossotti, David Walker, Neal Boortz, Herman Cain, Michael Graetz, Daniel Shaviro, Leonard Burman, and others discuss perceived problems in the American tax code, and also suggest possible changes. The possible solutions discussed include the FairTax, flat tax, and value added tax .<ref nameLong Synopsis|urlAn Inconvenient Tax}}"] ['The film is set in the Moqattam village, on the outskirts of Cairo, where Coptic Christians from rural Upper Egypt make their living as garbage collectors and recyclers. Moqattam is a toxic shantytown where mountains of trash stand in filthy contrast to the nearby Great Pyramids. Here, the impoverished but industrious locals earn their living by bundling and reselling paper, and raising pigs amidst the rotting refuse. Very few of the youngsters raised ever receive a proper education. The film transforms the gritty landfill Zabbaleen village , one of the very few Coptic Christian communities in a mostly Muslim-populated Cairo,Slant Magazine review into a beautiful, dreamlike portrait of family, childhood, and spirituality. The film introduces us to the intricate world of seven-year-old Marina, the middle child in a family of five, a girl who, despite the decaying ghetto she lives in, spends her days riding flying elephants and befriending mystical pigeons. She dreams of becoming a doctor.'] ['One of the few documentaries focusing on the hardcore music scene of one city , N.Y.H.C. featured seven bands prominent in the mid-90s scene. A diverse grouping was selected, from Long Island suburbanites to Bronx inner-city youth to Hare Krishna devotees.'] ["During Spring, a family of nomadic shepherds assists the births of their camel herd. The last camel to calve this season has a protracted labor that persists for two days. With the assistance and intervention of the family, a rare white calf is born. This is the mother camel's first calving. Despite the efforts of the shepherds, the mother rejects the newborn, refusing it her milk and failing to establish a care-bond with it. To restore harmony between the mother and calf, the nomadic family call upon the services of group of lamas who perform a ritual with bread or dough 'effigies'  of the mother, the calf and the individual members of the family. The rite opens with the sound of a sacred conchshell horn followed by bells in the hands of lamas, some of whom wield vajra. The rite takes place with members of the extended nomadic community and a number of lama at a sacred place that consists of one end of a log, or wooden pole, set in the earth, with the other end raised to the sky: a stylized 'victory banner'  with a piece of blue fabric entwined around it, functioning as a prayer flag . The log is supported by a cairn of rocks at its base as foundation. The ritual, however, does not re-establish harmony between the mother and calf. The family then resolve to secure the services of an indigenous 'violinist' to play the music for a Mongolian 'Hoos' ritual. They send their two young boys on a journey through the desert to the community marketplace to locate a musician. The 'violinist' —who plays more precisely a morin khuur — is summoned to the camp and a ritual of folk music and chanting is enacted. The musician first drapes the morin khuur on the first hump of the camel to establish a sympathetic magical linkage between the mother and the state of harmony represented by the instrument. Once this is done he removes the instrument and commences playing. As the musician sounds the Mongolian 'violin', the female family member who lulled her child to sleep with a lullaby earlier in the documentary, repeatedly intones the calming sounds and beautiful melody of the 'hoos'. At this point, the mother camel starts to weep, tears visibly streaming from her eyes. Immediately after the rite the mother and calf are reconciled and the calf draws milk from her teat."] ['As with any documentary film, this is the first structural scenario, which leads the film Taxi Beirut. Taxi Beirut focuses upon three generations of Beirut cab drivers, all quite unlike one another apart from their chosen profession. Show through the drivers and their news and their positions in Beirut image dimensions of social, historical, political and cultural rights. Movie reviews day in the life of the city alternating drivers on the submission and vary the role of each one of them and its importance as if each one sheds light on one side of life in Beirut film remains the most prominent city in which personal.They interact with the events, this combination on the ground so as to maintain the approach blends aspects of comic and popular with the touch of poetic and critical dimension and satirical cinema in the context of surveillance. It shows the history of Beirut, from pre-Arabization to the civil war era. The post-civil war Lebanon is depicted as a promising future hub for the Middle East as a tourist attraction that features high-end nightlife, historical sites and beautiful scenery. It shows the different areas of Beirut and how there are minorities are often segregated by ethnicity and religion. Drivers share their opinions about culture, the past and future of the country, jokes and anecdotes about the country. The three taxi drivers are of different respective backgrounds, showing how diverse Lebanon is. One driver is a former Christian militant, one is a Shiite Muslim from Dahia in southern Beirut, the other is a Palestinian refugee. Every aspect of Lebanon is shown, from the undertones of racial tension amongst the Lebanese and Palestinian and Armenian refugees. At the same time they give examples of unity amongst the people and the promising future of Beirut as a cultural center for the Middle East.'] ['The film chronicles Flanagan for several years leading up to his death in 1996. It explores various aspects of his life, artwork, and philosophy through interviews and other personal footage depicting Flanagan, his partner Sheree Rose, and the Flanagan family. SICK also features Flanagan\'s home movies, performance videos, and video diaries, as well as an excerpt of Flanagan\'s performance in the music video for "Happiness in Slavery" by Nine Inch Nails. In the film, Flanagan explains his use of BDSM for sexual gratification and also as a therapeutic device to regain control over his body from cystic fibrosis. He discusses his conceptual, performance, and video art, which often relates to pain, illness, medicine, and sexuality. Flanagan also serves as a camp counselor for children with cystic fibrosis and meets with a young woman who suffers from cystic fibrosis and who visits him under the auspices of the Make-A-Wish Foundation. SICK details Flanagan\'s lifelong struggle with cystic fibrosis, as well as his eventual death. Flanagan had agreed to participate in the film under the condition that his death be included in the final project.SICK DVD Commentary Track'] ['= The Weight Of Chains presents a new perspective on Western involvement in the division of the ethnic groups within Yugoslavia and claims that the war was forced from outside, while regular people wanted peace. However, according to the author of the film, extreme factions on all sides, fuelled by their foreign mentors, outvoiced the moderates and even ten years after the last conflict the hatred remains and people continue spreading myths about what really happened in the 1990s.Interview with Boris Malagurski on his new film Novine Toronto | 26 March 2010 The film starts off with a brief history of Yugoslavia, explaining the idea of Yugoslavia and how it came to exist. Narrated by Malagurski himself, the film explains what happened in Yugoslavia during World War II and how Josip Broz Tito\'s Yugoslavia was formed. The pace slows down as Tito\'s death is documented and the author moves on to explain what happened to the Yugoslav economy in the 1980s, with specific mention of Ronald Reagan\'s National Security Decisions Directive 133 from 1984, which presents U.S. interests in Yugoslavia as promoting the "trend towards a market-oriented Yugoslav economic structure".U.S. Policy Toward Yugoslavia National Security Decision Directives The role of the National Endowment for Democracy in Yugoslavia is then analyzed and connected to the formation of G17 Plus. Privatization through liquidation is explained in a plastic manner, and presented as a major cause for the rise of ethnic tensions in the late 80s and early 90s, further fueled by Foreign Operations Appropriations Act 101-513, enacted during the George H. W. Bush era. Slobodan Milošević, Franjo Tuđman and Alija Izetbegović then receive criticism, all of them described as being power-hungry and without much concern for their people. Domestic war-mongers are mentioned also. The local media are presented as having a major influence on mobilizing public opinion in favor of a conflict. The film then argues that the West - openly diplomatically and covertly militarily - supported separatist groups and encouraged conflict so that NATO could jump in as peacekeepers for their own interests. The film includes footage of a village in Bosnia where Serbs and Bosniaks lived together up to the end of the Bosnian war, but were separated in peace times - with Serbs saying goodbye to their Muslim neighbours, who decided to collectively leave to their own entity, in tears. The topic of Kosovo is covered most out of all the issues and the history of the region is carefully explained to show why the Kosovo war broke out. The film talks about the Battle of Kosovo, inclusion of Kosovo into Kingdom of Serbia in 1912, the persecution of Kosovo Serbs during World War II and Tito\'s Yugoslavia, as well as plans by Albanian nationalists to create an ethnically pure Greater Albania.Exodus of Serbians stirs province in Yugoslavia By Marvine Howe, The New York Times Foreign Desk, July 12, 1982 The film then discusses what interests the Western powers had in Kosovo and why they decided to intervene in a secessionist war in 1999. Questions such as why a cigarette factory was bombed by NATO  are tackled, with the conclusion that the purpose of the war was to economically colonize the country. This film also presents positive stories from the war – people helping each other regardless of their ethnic background, stories of bravery and self-sacrifice. For this purpose, the widow of Josip Kir  Jadranka Reihl-Kir was interviewed concerning her husband\'s attempts to resolve ethnic issues back in 1991 in a peaceful manner. The widow of Milan Levar, Vesna Levar, was also interviewed and spoke on her husband\'s fight to expose policies of ethnic cleansing in his hometown of Gospić, Croatia, where Croat forces killed dozens of Serb civilians. Another story of a local hero covered is that of a young Serbian man by the name of Srđan Aleksić, whose father talks how his son saved a Muslim man from certain death. After discussing the wars of the 1990s, the film deals with what happened afterwards and how policies of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank affected the newly created former Yugoslav states. Furthermore, the European Union is presented negatively and a theory is presented that Eastern European states were never meant to be colleagues and equals with the West, but rather markets for Western industrial goods and cheap labor. The way in which the debt of the former Yugoslav countries has changed from 1990 to 2010 is graphically depicted, with revelations on how much money each citizen of the former Yugoslavia would have to pay in order for their countries to be debt free.'] ['Beti is a dancer in the Raiz di Polon company in Cape Verde. She receives an offer from Lisbon to join a Cape Verde music show and start a new career there. The offer unchains the deep-set Cape Verde conflict in her: identity built on the Diaspora century after century. Doubts, nostalgia, uprooting, they all soar over her and accompany her decision. The same dilemma that surrounds all Cape Verdeans, the yearning to leave, the yearning to return... Expressed and brought together around music, hallmark of the people of Cape Verde.'] ['“The Gay Marriage Thing” follows Gayle and Lorre, thirtysomething college sweethearts who marked their 15th anniversary a year after the Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled a ban on same-sex marriage unconstitutional. The film includes footage of protests outside the Massachusetts State House, the churches of the Reverends Rich Wiesenbach and Carlton Smith, and the state legislature leading up to May 17, 2004, the first date same-sex couples could file for marriage licenses in Massachusetts.'] ['The film opens with a map of the German zones of occupation with the British zone highlighted. Voiceovers in a variety of English class accents offer a snapshot of what is being said about Germany in Britain . A series of images shows the country\'s shattered infrastructure, with destroyed roads, bridges, railway lines and factories. This is followed by shots of missing persons noticeboards and posters with the information that 30 million Germans &ndash; almost half the population &ndash; are still looking for lost relatives and friends. Destitute children are seen sitting aimlessly in the streets. A shot of a woman nursing a baby is accompanied with the statement "We can\'t wash our hands of the Germans, because we can\'t afford that new life to flow in any direction it wants". The military authorities are shown mobilising civilians to begin the task of cleaning up and rebuilding, and it is explained that the aim is to prevent not only starvation and epidemics, but also "diseases of the mind", i.e. "new brands of Fascism". People are shown living in the cellars of bombed buildings, without heat, light, water or sanitation. Coal is singled out as the single most vital resource, with the British "Coal Control" unit organising the output and distribution of the Ruhr coalfield production. A Catch-22 situation is detailed, whereby coal is needed for power and transport, but without the power and transport infrastructure already in place the coal cannot be moved to where it needs to be. There is no coal to spare for civilian use, so the populace have to forage for timber as a power source. Civilian railway travel on what survives of the network is only possible with a permit issued by the military authorities, but the volume of passengers still overwhelms the capacity. A train is seen leaving Hamburg for Kiel with dozens of people riding the buffers or hanging on the outside, ignoring loudhailer announcements that this is forbidden. The establishment of a new German police force is outlined, with the explanation that henceforth the policeman "must understand that he is the servant of the public, and not its master". Civilians receive food rations of between 1000 and 1200 calories per day. Survey teams from the Red Cross carry out tests on health to check whether the rations are adequate to keep people fit enough to work. Education is mentioned as a particular headache, as "you will never get Nazi ideas out of the heads of some of the adults". Children are seen playing among the ruins, but a new breed of teacher is being recruited to teach the next generation that "there are other things in life beyond Nazism and war". However schools and teachers are too few and children too many. The problem is that children are growing up "and getting more like their fathers". The Krupp family industrial dynasty is singled out for mention as "just as responsible for killing Allied soldiers as Hitler and Göring". Footage is shown of their destroyed ammunition and armaments factories. Surviving members of the Wehrmacht are seen being processed. These men must be reassimilated into society somehow, "not only their bodies, but also their minds". If so much as one man or woman is appointed to office while still believing in Nazi values and German supremacy, "you have the beginnings of another war". Therefore they are all put through a rigorous demobilisation screening process. Anyone who is on the wanted list, or otherwise suspect in any way. is rejected for demobilisation and sent "back to the cage". When the nightly curfew falls, the civilian population must get off the streets and fix for themselves as best they can. Air-raid sirens sound "to remind them that it is up to them to regain their self-respect as a nation". The film ends with images of children dancing in a ring accompanied by the statement that the Allies will remain until they can be sure that the next generation will represent "a Germany of light and life and freedom...truth, tolerance and justice".'] ['The film traces the reasons of the murder of Dayton, Ohio, native Dorothy Mae Stang, a 73-year-old nun of the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur order who fought for the preservation of the Amazon Rainforest in the Brazilian state of Pará. It also follows the trial of those convicted for murdering Stang.'] ['The documentary charts the life of Tretchikoff, featuring contributions with public figures and Tretchikoff himself. The documentary is titled Red Jacket, Tretchikoff memorably recalled his war-time lover and muse, Lenka wearing a red jacket when first meeting her. She would later pose as the model in his painting titled Red JacketLady in Green Sunday Times. 22 August 2002'] ['Georgi and the Butterflies tells the story of a man and his dream. This man is Dr Georgi Lulchev, a psychiatrist, neurologist, Chinese medicine man, administrator, amateur chef, entrepreneur and Director of the Home for Psychologically Disabled Men. His dream is to organise a farm in the yard of the home, where the patients can raise snails, ostriches and pheasants, produce silk fibres and soybean food. This is a story full of optimism, snails, ostriches, silk, charity, the Eastern Orthodox Church, soybean food, schizophrenics, oligophrenics, psychopaths, Western hunters, misery and compassion. Compassion, business, butterflies.'] ['Jackass Number Two is a compilation of various stunts, pranks and skits, and essentially has no plot. The film opens with an introduction of the nine cast members while they\'re being chased by bulls in a neighborhood. As the stampede chases them, Ryan Dunn jumps into a station wagon before a bull rips off the open door. Preston Lacy is pushed through a fence by a bull while trying to get over it. Dave England takes cover in a garbage can, which is knocked aside by a bull. Jason "Wee-Man" Acuña is knocked to the ground by a calf, and Chris Pontius is thrown into a kiddie pool by a bull\'s horns. Ehren McGhehey and Steve-O jump and break through a garden fence to avoid being hit. Johnny Knoxville and Bam Margera are left, and get chased into a house. Bam jumps through a window, and Johnny stops in his tracks to deliver his signature line, "Hi, I’m Johnny Knoxville, welcome to Jackass!", before being blasted through a window by several bulls, followed by the film\'s title appearing onscreen. The movie finishes with Johnny Knoxville in what appears to be a hotel room with a bear trap. The set then falls down to reveal a Busby Berkeley-style movie musical production number set to the La Cage aux Folles song "The Best of Times", where the cast sing and dance while getting battered by violent stunts. As in the first film, Rip Taylor is seen at the end of the sequence claiming that he is feeling not so good because of a drink called "The Piledriver".'] ['Mitch McDeere  is a young man with a promising future in law. About to graduate from Harvard Law School, he is approached by Bendini, Lambert & Locke, \'The Firm\', and made an offer he cannot refuse. He and his wife, Abigail "Abby" , move to Memphis, where The Firm is located. Avery Tolar  becomes his mentor at The Firm. Seduced by the money and gifts showered on him, including a house and car, he is at first totally oblivious to the more sinister side of his company. Then, two associates are murdered. The FBI contacts him, asking him for information and informing him that The Firm is connected to the mob, and that every associate who has ever tried to leave The Firm ends up murdered. His life as he knows it is forever changed. He has a choice: work with the FBI and risk being discovered by The Firm or losing his law license because he believes that attorney–client confidentiality prevents him from revealing the firm’s illegal activities to investigators, or stay with The Firm and both violate his personal code of ethics and go to jail when the FBI cracks The Firm. Either way he will lose his life as he knows it. Mitch devises a plan that allows him to cooperate with the FBI by finding proof that all partners from The Firm were guilty of overbilling, while at the same time reaching an agreement with the mob Morolto brothers. In addition he manages to do so without breaking any laws, thereby being able to keep his status as a lawyer. At the end of the film, the McDeeres leave their house in Memphis for Boston, driving the same car they arrived in.'] ['Young photographer Yaniv  Schulman lives with his brother Ariel and friend Henry Joost in New York City. Abby Pierce, an eight-year-old child prodigy artist in rural Ishpeming, Michigan, sends him a painting of one of his published photographs. They become Facebook friends in a network that broadens to Abby\'s family, including her mother, Angela ; Angela\'s husband Vince ; and Abby\'s attractive older half-sister, Megan, a veterinary technician, dancer, and songwriter who lives in Gladstone, Michigan.Willmore, Allison. ""Catfish," a virtual romance." IFC, 23 January 2010.{{r}}{{r}} For a documentary, Ariel and Henry film Nev as he begins a long-distance relationship with Megan, conducted over the Internet and phone calls, and they discuss meeting in person. She sends him MP3s of her songs, but Nev discovers that they are all taken from performances by other people on YouTube. He later finds evidence that Megan and Abby have made other false claims.{{r}}{{r}} Ariel urges his upset brother to continue the relationship for the documentary. The siblings and Henry eventually travel to Michigan to make an impromptu appearance at the Pierces\' house and confront Megan.{{r}}{{r}} When they travel to Angela\'s house, she takes a while to answer the door, but she appears very happy to see them. She casually announces that she will begin chemotherapy for uterine cancer soon. She drives them to see Abby, who says "you\'re confusing me" when Nev repeatedly asks her about her art. The next morning, Nev wakes up to a text message from Megan saying that she was checking in to rehab and that she would not be able to meet him. A Facebook message from one of Megan\'s friends confirms that she is checking in to rehab. Later that day, Nev suggests to Angela that they have a serious talk, and she breaks down, admitting to making everything up. She claims that the pictures of Megan she used were from a friend of a friend, and Angela worries that she betrayed her. In fact, the pictures are from a completely unrelated woman from Washington. Unable to stop lying, Angela claims that her real daughter Megan really is in rehab downstate, but it turns out that Megan has been estranged from the family for a long time. All of the artwork that Abby was supposed to have created was actually by Angela. Nev spends some time sitting for a portrait with Angela, and they talk more about her lies. She confesses that all the various personae were fragments of her personality, usually enacting some fantasy of what her life would have been like if she had not made the choices she had. Her husband Vince is under the illusion that Nev is a patron of Angela\'s, commissioning all the artwork that she sent to him. Vince has twin sons with severe disabilities from a previous marriage. Sitting on his front porch, Vince tells the story that gives the film its name. He claims that when live cod were shipped to Asia from North America, the fish\'s inactivity in their tanks resulted in mushy flesh in the Asian markets. Eventually, the fishermen discovered that putting catfish in the tanks with the cod kept them active. Vince feels that people like Angela are catfish, who keep other people active in life.'] ['People no longer know what medical assistants were: neither the Belgians, who created this medical category during the colonization of the Congo, nor the Congolese who have let this part of their history sink into oblivion. Tracing the steps of her grandfather - formerly a medical assistant, now a doctor - the Congolese filmmaker uses this family history to portray her country 37 years after Independence.'] ["The documentary begins with a group of German children playing football in a street bordering the Berlin Wall. In the course of the game, the ball is kicked over to the other side. Using raw footage, the film chronicles the erection of the wall, civilian efforts to communicate with and assist East German escapees, and efforts by GDR border guards to thwart them. Shot in the first year after the wall was built, the film was narrated by Alexander Scourby, speaking for a citizen of West Berlin whose mother and children were stranded on the east side of the wall. The man is shown communicating with his children through hand signals; a risky endeavor, as East German civilians who were caught waving or otherwise communicating with people on the western side of the wall risked being forcibly relocated. For a brief time after the wall was built, civilians were able to escape by jumping from the westward windows of buildings close to the wall. Several such escapes were captured in the film, including one where communist policemen tried to pull a woman back into the room before she fell to the waiting firefighters below. GDR guards are filmed throwing tear gas at civilians on the western side of the wall, who threw the grenades back. After a short time, the windows of those buildings were bricked up, and barbed wire was strung on the rooftops. Trees and houses are shown being razed, lest they be used as escape routes. In the surrounding countryside, more civilians escape, despite the deployment of minefields and barbed wire. Another escapee is seen being injured in the face when she runs into a barbed wire fence. Another incident captured in the film is the death of Peter Fechter, an 18-year-old bricklayer's apprentice, who was shot by GDR border guards while trying to scale the wall and left to bleed to death. A memorial is shown for others who died trying to escape to West Germany. Three minutes of silence are held on the western side to commemorate those lost and killed, and the film ends with a young boy walking alongside the wall. {{Cquote}}"] ['The main character is Carlo Cuteri, a calabrian boy, he comes back to Pazzano . By this fact, the documentary talk about the work thematic, the problems about the emigrants and about Pazzano, as symbol of problems of the South of Italy.'] ['The film follows with the journey of the Pakistani rock star Salman Ahmad, a US citizen of Pakistani origin, asks fellow Muslims what it’s like to be Muslim in post-9/11 America. In the run-up to Election Day, Salman Ahmad tours America, performing with his band Junoon and talking to America’s Muslims. More than half the world’s Muslim population lives in the western world which is a testimony to the fact that there is no “clash of civilisations”. In fact, Islam is more in tune with the Republican than the Democratic party as 55% of American Muslims vote Republican. But, since September 11th, Muslims have been victims of a constant barrage of media insinuation, and even outright attacks on Islam and its adherents. Will this change the way they vote? Under attack, Muslims have been forced into making choices. Previously apolitical Muslims have come to realise that they can no longer sit on the fence. Salman talks to wealthy, conservative Arabs and Pakistanis, who have donated huge sums to the Republican Campaign. He also sees victims of racial profiling and The Patriot Act, and those who abhor the war in Iraq, take to the streets on behalf of the Democrats. Salman concludes that the perceived clash of cultures between the Western world and Islam is in fact a split deep in the American psyche. While the Muslim community is finding its identity, America is fighting for its very soul.'] ['Darwin is a documentary film about an isolated community at the end of a weathered road in Death Valley, California. Propelled from society by tragic turns, the people of Darwin  must now find ways to coexist in a place without a government, a church, jobs, or children. The near-ghost town\'s survival depends on a fragile, gravity-fed waterline that descends from the mountains where top secret weapons are being tested. One "accidental" drop of a bomb, they half-joke, could wipe out their entire town. The film tells the story of a uniquely American place and yet a place that is unique even within America.'] [' Animals featured: *Coelophysis *Rutiodon *Desmatosuchus *Icarosaurus *Traversodon *Mammal  *Locust  The program starts in the Late Triassic, near modern-day New York City. The narrator explains how the Permian mass extinction led to new forms of life, including, eventually, the most extraordinary creatures ever to walk the planet, the dinosaurs. The camera tracks a Coelophysis through the woods. The program depicts Coelophysis as preying mainly on small animals, such as insects and Icarosaurus. It encounters other, larger non-dinosaurian archosaurs such as Rutiodon and Desmatosuchus. The quick Coelophysis is portrayed as a very successful inhabitant of this world.  Animals featured: *Megapnosaurus  *Anchisaurus *Dilophosaurus The program moves on to the Early Jurassic of Pennsylvania, showing a pack of Syntarsus.These animals are based on an as yet undescribed basal coelurosaur from the Moreno Hill Formation.http://www.arizonamuseumofnaturalhistory.org/exhibits/dinohall/theropods.aspx The program then shows a New Mexico forest of the Middle Cretaceous. Small predatory coelurosaurs scamper through the forest among larger herbivorous dinosaurs. One lone dromaeosaur tries to attack a Nothronychus, only to be slashed by its long claws. An old male Zuniceratops is attacked by the pack of dromaeosaurs and is fatally wounded. Just as it is time to finish off the old Zuniceratops, a forest fire springs up, and most of the dinosaurs escape in all directions. However, the feasting dromaeosaurs are too distracted and become trapped in the fire.  *Tyrannosaurus rex *Triceratops *Edmontosaurus  *Quetzalcoatlus *Ornithomimus  *Purgatorius  *Turtle  *Bird  *Spider  The program explains that dinosaurs similar to Zuniceratops evolved into the famous Triceratops. In the Late Cretaceous, Anatotitan  and Triceratops browse, while Ornithomimus peck at roots and other plants in the area. Quetzalcoatlus soar overhead, looking for carcasses. A young Tyrannosaurus arrives on the scene, and the Triceratops form a defensive circle. Unable to get past the horns of the Triceratops, the Tyrannosaurus attacks a Quetzalcoatlus, which flies away from the potential danger. The next day, the young Tyrannosaurus and its siblings are taught by their mother to hunt. They target an Anatotitan, with the young scaring it into the mother\'s trap. The T-Rex kills the Anatotitan. Before they can eat, an asteroid smashes into the Gulf of Mexico, engulfing the family of T-Rex in a wall of swirling wood, soil, ash, water, and other debris. Soon, the T-Rex family dies. Despite the depressing and traumatic event, life is described as being resilient, and a turtle is shown emerging from the ground and a bird flies overhead, explained by the narrator as the only dinosaurs left. Out of the ashes, several small possumlike mammals emerge, and the narrator explains that small mammals such as these will eventually evolve into humans and think back in awe to a time "when dinosaurs roamed America".'] ['Super High Me documents Benson avoiding cannabis for a cleansing period and then smoking and otherwise consuming cannabis every day for 30 days in a row.<ref namehttp://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/film/article4020963.ece|titleMay 29, 2008|accessdateThe Times|publisherSteve|last"wikitable" border="1" |- ! ! Sober ! High |- | Psychic ESP Test | 1/25 | 7/25 |- | The S.A.T. | 980/1600 | 1030/1600 |- | Mini-mental Status Review  | 27/29 | 24/29 |- | Lung Capacity | 92% | 89% |- | Sperm Count  | 21 Millions/mL | 32 Millions/mL |- | Weight Change | -2 lbs. | +8 lbs. |}'] ["A year after 17-year-old Yuval leaves home in Israel to attend the United World College in Mostar, Bosnia-Herzegovina, filmmaker David Fisher, his father, follows. During three Round-Trips to Mostar, Yuval’s relationships unfold: between him and his father, his Israeli peers and his Spanish girlfriend, Neus. These stories are set against the backdrop of this college, situated on what used to be the frontline between the Croatians and the Bosniaks, during the civil war that ended in 1995. Although Yuval is far from home, this actually brings father and son closer together. Their talks reveal great honesty, maturity and openness towards one another. Yuval’s roommate is Salam, an Israeli Arab, with whom he holds passionate political debates. Salam is a “playboy” and a charmer, so it’s no wonder Yuval brings him a sugar cube to bed, one morning after a bitter fight they had over Middle Eastern politics. With them are also Niv, who talks very honestly about his encounter with Arab peers, stating that back home the word “Arab” is used in a derogative way amongst his friends, a fact he is now ashamed of; and Niva – she just wants to be an actress and doesn’t know what to expect from her army service. The film is filled with John Hughes-like scenes of the life of these youngsters at the college, but with the ironic setting of a city that a lot of the time reminds them of home. Yuval’s affair with Neus is heart-warming but doomed - because of Yuval’s impending army service. This is during the Gaza War back home and Yuval voices his apprehension about the way the Israeli army is operating. At the end of this journey, David, as well as the viewers, will understand that Yuval and his peers' intense two years in Mostar have actually prepared them for a mature and challenging life as grownups."] ['In the film, Donald Duck is portrayed as an everyman who has just received his weekly pay. He is met by two physical manifestations of his personality — the classic "good angel on one shoulder, bad devil on the other shoulder" dilemma common to cartoons of the time — identified as the "thrifty saver" and the "spendthrift." The "good duck" appears as a slightly elderly duck with a Scottish accent who wears a kilt and Scottish cap and urges Donald to be thrifty with his money so he can be sure to pay his taxes for the war effort. The "bad duck" appears as a zoot suit-wearing hipster who urges Donald to spend his duly earned money on idle pleasures such as "good dates". The good angel reminds of other "dates" - the dates when his taxes are due.  The narrator explains that Americans should "gladly and proudly" pay their income taxes which are higher that year "thanks to Hitler and Hirohito."  A tug-of-war ensues between "spend" and "save" with Donald caught in the middle. Eventually the two sides give way and crash on opposite ends of Donald to reveal the "true" selves: the doors of the bad duck\'s club are revealed to be swastikas and the bad duck himself turns out to bear a resemblance to Hitler , while the wall the good duck has crashed up against resembles the flag of the United States. The narrator then asks the audience if they are going to "spend for the Axis" or "save for taxes". Having made the seemingly obvious choice, Donald is assumed to shake hands with the bad duck, but it is revealed that he heads over to the bad duck to punch him out at the last second. He then goes to proudly pay his taxes with the good duck. The second part of the film is a montage showing how the taxes are being used to make planes, bombs, ships, and other war materials. It then shows them being used against Axis forces, along with the repeated slogan "Taxes...to  the Axis", accompanied by the opening bars of Beethoven\'s Fifth Symphony .'] ["Film opens with a shot of a five-year-old using a typewriter to describe in great detail how he became blind at birth. The next scene is Antoine receiving a phone call from Madame Rouski, who dissolved into the water while taking a shower. Antoine's mission is to find Madame Rouski. Equipped with his two best friends and a mini boom microphone to help him find clues, Antoine spends two years of his life locating her. Is she in the yellow daffodils, in the air, in Vietnam, or has she turned into a monster?"] ["This documentary connects two artistic trajectories belonging to two different eras. The former was done by Paul Klee, whose work was considerably influenced by his journey to Tunis, Tunisia, in 1914. The latter is done by the Tunisian filmmaker and painter Nacer Khemir, inspired by Klee's paintings. This film shows the connection between the possibilities offered by images and reveals the links between both artists. Nearly a hundred years after Paul Klee, Nacer Khemir retraces Paul Klee's footsteps in Tunisia, guiding the spectator into the rich history and culture of Tunisia"] ["The film begins at Gesualdo's castle, where a worker gives a tour. Several people are encountered at the ruined castle, including a man who plays music into the cracks in the walls in order to deal with the demons which haunt the place, and a woman who claims to be the ghost of Donna Maria d'Avalos, Gesualdo's wife whom he murdered. Two cooks discuss and reconstruct an extravagant wedding feast which Gesualdo had ordered. Herzog also visits some workers from a local mental health clinic, who claim that they once treated the woman who claimed to be a ghost, and that they in fact have two patients currently who believe themselves to be Carlo Gesualdo. Herzog also interviews workers at the Palazzo San Severo in Naples, where Gesualdo committed the murders. A gate worker is interviewed, as well as the heir of d'Avalos, who shows Herzog the very bed in which the murders took place. Herzog then visits a nearby chapel which displays the preserved bodies of Maria d'Avalos and her lover. These scenes are intercut with performances of Gesualdo's madrigals, as well as some historical and musical commentary by Gesualdo scholars."] ['Based on a feature article written by Sewell, Mad Hot Ballroom looks inside the lives of eleven-year-old New York City public school kids who journey into the world of ballroom dancing and reveal pieces of themselves along the way. Told from the students\' perspectives, the film highlights the cultural diversity that is the soul of New York City as the children strive toward the final citywide competition. The film chronicles the experiences of students at three schools in the neighborhoods of Tribeca, Bensonhurst and Washington Heights. The students are united by a zeal for the ballroom dancing lessons, which builds over a 10-week period and culminates in a competition to find the school that has produced the best dancers in the city. As the teachers cajole their students to learn the intricacies of the various disciplines, Agrelo intersperses classroom footage with the students\' musings on life; many of these reveal an underlying maturity. Gender and race boundaries disappear as focus on the competition consumes the students\' energy, and the teachers are brought to tears as they see their prodigies turning into what one teacher touchingly terms "little ladies and gentlemen."Mad Hot Ballroom Movie Reviews, Pictures - Rotten Tomatoes Mad Hot Ballroom celebrates the intricate lives of these students and reminds audiences of their own childhoods when anything was possible. Living with the complexities of big city life, these kids take on something unfamiliar and rise to the occasion. Filled with emotion and triumph, this documentary feature captures the essence of growing up in America.'] ["From 1957 to 1978, scientists secretly removed bone samples from over 21,000 dead Australians as they searched for evidence of the deadly poison, Strontium 90 - a by-product of nuclear testing. Silent Storm reveals the story behind this astonishing case of officially sanctioned 'body-snatching'. Set against a backdrop of the Cold War, the saga follows celebrated scientist, Hedley Marston, as he attempts to blow the whistle on radioactive contamination and challenge official claims that British atomic tests posed no threat to the Australian people. Marston's findings are not only disputed, he is targeted as 'a scientist of counter-espionage interest'."] ["Putin's Kiss presents, through interviews and archival footage, Masha Drokova's experiences in Russian youth organisation Nashi, which declares itself to be a democratic, anti-fascist, anti-'oligarchic-capitalist' movement. From the age of 15 through to 19 she is heavily involved in the organisation, working her way up into a position of influence and authority, eventually becoming the host of a youth oriented, state funded television program. She idolises Russian President Vladimir Putin, and the film's title refers in an incident in which, while receiving a medal from him, Drokova spontaneously hugged and kissed him. As the film goes on, Drokova becomes friends with several other journalists, many of whom are critical of the Russian ruling party. Her views are called into question and she becomes increasingly torn between the two. The situation reaches a head when her friend and fellow journalist Oleg Kashin is violently beaten; though his attackers are never identified, it is speculated by many that they were working for the Kremlin in some capacity. By the end of the film, though Drokova remains an ardent supporter of Putin, she is no longer a member of Nashi, and she is shown discussing her views freely with Kashin."] ['Tierra Madre is based on Aidee Gonzalez’s true life, a woman living on the Mexican border towns of Tecate and Tijuana, determined to raise her children with her female partner. This narrative feature makes the strong case of the strength, the independence and the solidarity that exits among women of all ages.'] ['In Dialogues with Madwomen, filmmakers Allie Light and Irving Saraf have seven "madwomen" — including Light herself — into telling their stories. Using a mixture of home movies, archival footage of psychiatric wards, re-enactments, and interviews with their subjects, Light and Saraf have created a complex, moving portrait of women in whom depression, schizophrenia, and multiple personalities coexist with powerful, sometimes inspired levels of creativity.'] ['The film\'s title is borrowed from a Dani fable that Gardner recounts in voice-over. The Dani people, whom Gardner identifies mysteriously as "a mountain people," believe that there was once a great race between a bird and a snake, which was to determine the lives of human beings. Should men shed their skins and live forever like snakes, or die like birds? The bird won the race, dictating that man must die. The film\'s plot revolves around two characters, Weyak and Pua. Weyak is a warrior who guards the frontier between the land of his tribe and that of the neighboring tribe. Pua is a young boy whom Gardner depicts as weak and inept.'] ["In 1961 Mississippi was a virtual South African enclave within the United States. Everything is segregated. There are virtually no black voters. Bob Moses, enters the state and the Voter Registration Project begins. The first black farmer who attempts to register is fatally shot by a Mississippi State Representative. But four years later, the registration is open. By 1990, Mississippi has more elected black officials than any other state in the union. Freedom on My Mind vividly chronicles this complex and compelling history of the Mississippi voter registration struggles of 1961 to 1964: the interracial nature of the campaign, the tensions and conflicts, the fears and hopes. It is the story of youthful idealism and shared vision, of a generation who believed in and fought for the principles of democracy. Freedom on My Mind dramatically interweaves powerful personal interviews, rare archival film and television footage, authentic Mississippi Delta blues, and vibrant Movement gospel songs. It emphasizes the strategic brilliance of Mississippi's young, black organizers. Barred from political participation, they create their own integrated party - the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party . They recruit a thousand mostly white students from around the country to come to Mississippi, bringing the eyes and conscience of the nation with them. The students and the MFDP organizers put together a delegation of sharecroppers, maids, and day-laborers to challenge the all-white delegates in the 1964 Democratic National Convention. They demand equality and justice from the highest official in the land - the President confronting the country's leading politicians to live up to the democratic values they profess to hold. Freedom on My Mind provides a sweeping panorama of a turbulent time: a time that tested America's purpose and its commitment to democracy. The legacy of that time, the achievements and failures, remain with us today. Freedom on My Mind will enable viewers of all backgrounds to better understand and appreciate this uniquely American legacy."] ['The film features many interviews with French communist leaders, students, and sociologists. The Prague Spring of 1968 is featured, with footage of a Fidel Castro speech in which he expresses political support for the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia while questioning the legality of the action. Other sections deal with the rise of Salvador Allende and the Watergate Scandal in the United States. There are many subtle references to cats throughout the film, as well as brief shots of raccoons.'] ['According to Reggio, the film has no screenplay per se, but three movements (like [[movement  with different themes:Rotten Tomatoes website: Reviews and long article on Naqoyqatsi, with input and quotations from Godfrey Reggio and Philip Glass: # Numerica.com: Language and place gives way to numerical code and virtual reality. # Circus maximus: Competition, winning, records, fame, “fair play” and the love of money are elevated to the prime values of life. Life becomes a game. # Rocketship twentieth century: A world that language can no longer describe. The resulting explosive tempo of technology is war, civilized violence.'] ['Daily life in Baghdad, in a home like many others, that of the director’s brother. The preparations waiting for the outbreak of war, the comments in front of the images on TV, stocking up on food, the difficulty of the children to go to school... After the fall of Saddam Hussein’s regime, the director returned to Baghdad and meets the people. “I came to film death, but life got the upper hand”.'] [' Who is a homeless? What is homelessness? Today in all societies the problem of homelessness can be observed. In modern countries like Britain, homeless people can be seen in big cities such as London. Despite the British government’s efforts to tackle this problem, there are about 250,000 homeless people in this country. This documentary film is emphasizing from one side, on the homelessness as an odd element in the modern society, and from another side to the homeless person himself, who represents the sufferings of mankind of our time. Many reasons contribute to becoming homeless, these include unavailability of employment opportunities, which becomes a vicious circle due to the initial problem of being homeless, domestic violence, poverty, caused by many factors including unemployment and underemployment. Increased wealth disparity and income inequality causes distortions in the housing market that push rent burdens higher, making housing unaffordable. This documentary film analyses many of these issues and problems.'] ['The documentary generally portrays the band by uncommon insight into their double-tracked lifestyle in an ironical and satirical way, not to discredit them but to reveal the common issues of a rock band and the often-stereotyped musical genre they are attributed to . Some scenes are visibly based on the artwork of the Truckfighters Mania record, which was also designed by the filmmakers Joerg Steineck and Christian Macijewski. The film has a total runtime of 83 minutes and is subdivided into 9 chapters: # Common # How To Get Things Done # Road # Home # Issues # The Body Burden # Family Fights # Big # The Drummer Dilemma'] ["A glimpse into Ismaël Lô's musical universe. Shot during one of his tours, this peregrination into Africa's heart directed by Mansour Sora Wade will take us to the sources of his music."] [" 10&nbsp;MPH follows the progress of Caldwell as he rides a Segway scooter across the United States from Seattle to Boston, stopping at many places along the way to interact with people. The film focuses on showing the dynamic nature of the US countryside as well as documenting the stories of people Caldwell and Weeks encounter along the way. 10&nbsp;MPH shows Caldwell, Weeks, and other members of the crew but also provides footage of the people they meet, both helpful and rude. For example, Caldwell and the crew are stopped by an Illinois police officer who admonishes them for traveling at {{Convert}} on a road with a {{Convert}} speed limit. The filmmakers also document their struggles, from the technical challenges of maintaining the Segway's batteries to the production challenge of losing a producer part way through the filming process."] [' The film begins with glimpses of Raymond, a Linux IPO, Torvalds, the idea of Open Source, Perens, Stallman, then sets the historical stage in the early days of hackers and computer hobbyists when code was shared freely. It discusses how change came in 1978 as Bill Gates, in his Open Letter to Hobbyists, pointedly prodded hobbyists to pay up. Stallman relates his struggles with proprietary software vendors at the MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab, leading to his departure to focus on the development of free software, and the GNU project. Torvalds describes the development of the Linux kernel, the GNU/Linux naming controversy, Linux\'s further evolution, and its commercialization. Raymond and Stallman clarify the philosophy of free software versus communism and capitalism, as well as the development stages of Linux. Michael Tiemann discusses meeting Stallman in 1987, getting an early version of Stallman\'s GCC, and founding Cygnus Solutions. Larry Augustin describes combining GNU software with a normal PC to create a Unix-like workstation at one third the price and twice the power of a Sun workstation. He relates his early dealings with venture capitalists, the eventual capitalization and commodification of Linux for his own company, VA Linux, and its IPO. Brian Behlendorf, one of the original developers of the Apache HTTP Server, explains that he started to exchange patches for the NCSA web server daemon with other developers, which led to the release of "a patchy" webserver, dubbed Apache. Frank Hecker of Netscape discusses the events leading up to Netscape\'s executives releasing the source code for Netscape\'s browser, one of the signal events which made open source a force to be reckoned with by business executives, the mainstream media, and the public at large.Community Articles: Interview: Frank Hecker Openoffice.org. Louis Suárez-Potts, May 1, 2001. Retrieved 2007-04-22. This point was validated further after the film\'s release as the Netscape source code eventually became the Firefox web browser, reclaiming a large percentage of market share from Microsoft\'s Internet Explorer. The film also documents the scope of the first full-scale LinuxWorld Summit conference, with appearances by Linus Torvalds and Larry Augustin on the keynote stage. Much of the footage for the film was shot in Silicon Valley.'] ["Flunked looks at the fact that there has been a decline in our education system: Results of national and international educational aptitude tests show that the average American student is unable to compete academically. Success rates have fallen, and remediation and dropout rates are skyrocketing. In short, public education has problems and this film attempts to focus on some success in the education system. The film starts with 20 minutes covering the many of the problems in our public education system. Then it focuses on some of today's schools nationwide that are attaining great results in college preparation, high test scores, and graduating competent workers for tomorrow's economy. The documentary shows education alternatives including charter schools and reform options for fixing troubled public schools."] ['Strawberry Fields points out that strawberries grown in Gaza are the only agricultural product marketed internationally as being of Palestinian origin.[http://www.eyeforfilm.co.uk/reviews.php?film_idFT />'] ["Filmed in roughly one month between the end of October and the beginning of December 2005, Mr. Sell's film is an honest portrayal of 'Defend New Orleans' creator Jac Currie’s life after Hurricane Katrina and one of his first trips back to the Gulf Coast after being stranded in New York. It shows Defend New Orleans’ transition to a valid social aid project and features some of the earliest produced footage of post-Katrina Mississippi Gulf Coast and New Orleans. 'No Place Like Home' features a moving soundtrack made by musicians personally connected with the subjects and interviews with friends who survived Katrina in New Orleans. All proceeds from DVD sales go directly towards Gulf Coast restoration funds."] ['{{Plot}} Forbidden Lie$ tells the story of Norma Khouri, author of the book Forbidden Love, purportedly the true story of "Dalia", a young Muslim woman in Jordan murdered by her family in an honor killing because of her affair with a Christian soldier. The documentary first depicts Khouri as a woman bravely exposing a brutal and true story. Eventually, her account is challenged, first by Jordanians, then by Malcolm Knox, an Australian journalist. Ironically, Khouri\'s first critics are Jordanian women: feminists who, when interviewed, take issue with her western perspectives of Muslim women as victims with no control over their lives. Khouri\'s descriptions of geography and certain locales in Jordan are wrong. Her statements of restrictions requiring women to wear the hijab and having male escorts when they travel outside the home clash with urban scenes of women walking unescorted and uncovered. Nobody living on the street where Dalia was said to reside remembers such a crime ever happening. Dalia\'s father could not have remained out on bail pending his prosecution because murderers in Jordan are not given bail, nor are they tried in Shariah court. While parts of the Palestine hospital where Khouri says Dalia\'s body had been taken are found to match writeups in the book, others are inaccurate, including her description of the morgue. As the film progresses, it begins to reveal other inconsistencies in Khouri\'s biography, as well as allegations against her unrelated to Forbidden Love, including the theft of hundreds of thousands of dollars in bonds from an elderly woman neighbor in Chicago. Khouri is also found to have lied about her real name, having children and about living in the United States for much of her life, including during the periods of time covered in the book when she claimed to be in Jordan. Stubbornly maintaining her writing to be factual , Khouri journeys with the filmmakers to Jordan to prove Dalia and her murder were real. With Khouri unwilling to disclose specific information about Dalia on camera, the documentary\'s director lets her do so off camera. When Khouri\'s allegations fail to find support in official Jordanian records, she counters with the charge they were altered to protect innocent people from reprisal. Then, after initially saying Dalia was slain in Amman, Khouri is forced to "reveal" that it actually was in Irbid. Khouri also changes when the murder occurred, shifting the events from the 1990s to 2001. This timing proves to be critical because that would mean the killing of Dalia took place after Khouri had already written most of her manuscript. Once Khouri returns from Jordan, not having found any concrete evidence to back up her claims, the focus of the documentary shifts to the allegations against Khouri, especially the ones involving fraud. Khouri shifts blame for stealing from the neighbor to her Greek mother in law and her husband, John Toliopoulos, even as he constantly champions for her throughout the film.  Khouri also claims to have been sexually molested as a child by her father. The film draws to a close with Khouri having admitted no wrongdoing and still living apart from her husband. Closing titles indicate that the FBI continues to investigate allegations against Khouri, and she hopes to become a human rights attorney. The tone of the documentary is largely a skeptical one. Certain events are reenacted while the respective parties weigh their truthfulness, with the event being altered on screen to reflect the differences between Khouri\'s own words and reality.'] ['In 1962, René Vautier, together with some Algerian friends, organized an audiovisual formation center to encourage a "dialogue in images" between the two factions. A film was edited from that experience, but the French police partially destroyed it. The images that were saved represent an unprecedented historical document: They tell of the Algerian War and the history of the ALN , as well as showing life after the war and, particularly, the reconstruction of the cities and the countryside after the war of Independence.'] ['Cries of Bo Kata are chanted when kites are eliminated during torrid sky battles which see duellists pit their best crafted kites and kite string to the ultimate test of skill and endurance. Bo Kata when translated into English roughly means hacked! Bo Kata was filmed during the Basant Kite festival in Lahore, Pakistan, over three continuous days. The documentary depicts the unique rooftop kite duellists of the city.Bo Kata synopsis filmedup.com The annual celebration of the coming of Spring, known as Basant in Pakistan, has been a tradition and cultural heritage of Pakistan for over 400 years. A series of tragic accidents resulting in decapitations and dismemberment from illegal chemically coated strings used to fly the kites has seen the age old tradition come under attack from politicians, the authorities and the non kite-flying public. The Bo Kata documentary provides an insight into the fanatical kite flying population and the lucrative industry surrounding it amidst the political backdrop of an impending ban.'] ['In the Shadow of the Moon follows the manned missions to the Moon made by the United States in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The documentary reviews both the footage and media available to the public at the time of the missions, as well as NASA films and materials which had not been opened in over 30 years. All of this has been sourced and remastered in HD by the stock footage company Footagevault. Augmenting the archival audio and video are contemporary interviews with some surviving Apollo era astronauts, including Al Bean, Michael Collins, Buzz Aldrin, John Young, David Scott, Charlie Duke, Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt. The former astronauts have the only speaking roles in the movie, although occasional supplementary information is presented on screen with text and archival television footage presents the words of journalists such as Jules Bergman and Walter Cronkite. Neil Armstrong, the first person to set foot on the Moon, declined to participate, the only surviving moon walker at the time to do so. The documentary shares its name with a book by space historians Colin Burgess and Francis French, and both include many original interviews with Apollo lunar astronauts. The documentary offers a view of the Apollo program that is complementary to the book and is neither a source nor a tie-in.'] ['In 1993, after Pablo Escobar is gunned down by the police, his then sixteen-year-old son Juan Pablo flees to Argentina together with his mother and sister. To avoid being identified and in fear of his life he changes his name to Sebastián Marroquín. "My life was worth $4 million ... That’s the price they put on my head", he said. After a decade of silence, he and his mother publicly speak about the life of their family member for the first time. In an attempt to end the cycle of violence and to ask for forgiveness Marroquín travels to Colombia to meet the sons of two of his father\'s two most prominent murder victims: presidential candidate Luis Carlos Galán and Minister of Justice Rodrigo Lara Bonilla as well as the son of the former Colombian president César Gaviria. In connection to telling the story of Pablo Escobar, the film also explores the recent violent history of Colombia as a "narco-state" and the country\'s illegal drug trade.'] ['The most impoverished communities across the United States have seen an unexpected revival. Shale gas, produced through a controversial method of hydraulic fracturing has created an economic boom, touching everyone, from farmers to small business owners to workers to ordinary residents. But when several of the landowners who leased their land for drilling sue{{fact}} a gas company for making their water flammable, a movement of anti-fracking activists creates a political pressure that results in a series of bans and moratoriums on fracking that put the development on hold. In the film farmers point out without being able to lease a portion of their land for fracking, they would be forced to sell off the land to housing developers. NY Post, Frack Nation, March 2, 2012'] ['Dom Giotti, founder of the Staten Island Catapult Development Committee  maintains that the commuting needs of Staten Islanders have long been underserved by a cost-prohibitive dichotomy of bridge or boat. In his opinion the outermost New York borough is a trove of history and culture that remains largely untapped due to a lack of mass transit alternatives. To that end, Dom proposes a “seminal transit alternative” for the Staten Island community. Under the rallying cry “Where mass transit has failed…physics shall prevail!”, Dom spearheads an initiative to build a large-scale catapult that launches commuters back and forth from Staten Island to downtown Manhattan in 5 minutes. Although his vision is initially met with bemusement and doubt, Dom soldiers on and eventually develops a prototype.'] ["Set in Rwanda, Anne Aghion, the director, interviews a genocide offender who has been released back into his community, and the victims of the genocide. The film follows how at first, the coexistence between the people who instigated the genocide and the victimized people is unbearable. Many of the victims feel rage toward their former oppressors. But gradually, the victims and oppressors start talking to the camera, and then to each other as they start the difficult task of living with each other. The documentary portrays how the people's spirits cannot be crushed by the Rwandan Genocide, the 1994 mass killing of hundreds of thousands of Rwanda's minority Tutsis and the moderates of its Hutu majority by the Interahamwe and the Impuzamugambi."] ['Riding the notoriety of winning the weekly Freestyle Friday rap battle on BET’s 106 and Park for seven consecutive weeks, Jin shattered seemingly insurmountable boundaries and stereotypes by becoming the first Asian American rapper to sign a recording deal with a major label when he signed with Virgin Records . The film follows Jin and his crew as they tour Asia to promote Jin’s debut album, The Rest is History. Along the way, we are treated to a fascinating glimpse into the life of a rapper, as well as the rapidly growing hip hop communities in Asian cities such as Hong Kong, Shanghai, Taipei, and Tokyo. The film gained wide acclaim and some shock from screening audiences at the Atlanta Film Festival as they reacted to the startling visage of Jamaican-American promoter Andrew Ballen speaking fluent Chinese on the Shanghai leg of the tour.'] ['When Pope John Paul II is visiting Canada in 2002, Kenny\'s Kenny Hotz friend Sebastian  bets him $1000 that Kenny  can\'t meet him. Over the course of six days, Kenny wears various disguises and makes multiple efforts to meet the pope in order to win the bet. Kenny\'s attempts include becoming a "Pope-arazzi", fighting his way through millions of pilgrims and onlookers, thousands of cops, security guards, Vatican Special Forces, and precision snipers. Along the way, Kenny crosses paths with various members of The Rolling Stones.'] ["The film is a tribute to Bruce Vilanch, who writes material for celebrities who make public appearances, from Oscar hosts and award recipients to Presidents. We meet his mom and see photos of his childhood; in Chicago, he writes for the Tribune and then heads West. Whoopi Goldberg, Billy Crystal, Robin Williams, and Bette Midler talk with him and to the camera about working with Bruce, and we also watch Bruce help others prepare for Liz Taylor's 60th birthday, Bill Clinton's 50th birthday, and an AIDS awards banquet where Vilanch lets his emotions show."] ['In the Shadow of the Palms documents how life was for the society and people living under the Saddam regime after 12 years of United States sanctions. It follows a number of individuals as they prepare for the coalition war against them, continuing to tell their stories during the bombings. The film observed first hand the devastating effects of the extensive bombing campaign on the lives of civilians. The documentary gives the viewer an intimate, character-based insight into Iraqi society. The director Coles-Janess spent months in Baghdad during his filming. <gallery>     </gallery>'] ['Pickett presided over 95 executions in his 15 year career, including the very first by lethal injection. He kept his feelings about his work from his family, instead audiotaping an account of each one. Initially pro-execution, he became an anti-death penalty activist. Pickett was most affected by the execution of Carlos DeLuna in 1989. He firmly believed in De Luna\'s innocence. In 2006, Chicago Tribune reporters Maurice Possley and Steve Mills published a detailed investigation suggesting that another man had committed the crime for which De Luna was executed,"\'I didn\'t do it. But I know who did.\'" and the film recounts the evidence brought forth in that investigation.'] ['Next to a fast-spinning windmill, a young boy enters a large toy aeroplane and says he will fly to China. An old man, Joris Ivens, sits on a chair in the Gobi Desert. On the sand dunes around him a group of men are raising poles with microphones. An old Chinese man practices martial arts with several younger men in front of a traditional Chinese building. Ivens, who is 90 years old, has been asthmatic since childhood, and asks the man how he manages to breathe so well. The literary character Sun Wukong, in a Peking opera appearance, watches from a tree. The man answers that "the secret of breathing lies in the rhythm of the autumn wind". The man begins to dance. Sun Wukong then throws a banana peel before the man, who slips and falls. Ivens helps him up. Ivens visits the Golden Hands Buddha at the Dazu Rock Carvings. Intercut are Chinese landscapes seen from the air and footage of stormy weather. The Leshan Giant Buddha is seen. In the Gobi Desert, the team of technicians set up a camp. Ivens uses an inhaler and is swiftly examined by a doctor. A member of the group says that the wind will not appear for several days. The following day, Ivens falls from his chair in the desert and is brought to a hospital. Sun Wukong visits him in the hospital bed. In an extended dream sequence, the spaceship from the film A Trip to the Moon brings Ivens to the Moon. There he encounters the goddess Chang\'e who tells him there is no wind on the Moon. Ivens finds that remarkable. In a stylised village where a wedding is taking place, a communist representative holds a speech about how fortunate the villagers are. Sun Wukong turns up and pulls the plug to the representative\'s microphone, and makes the loudspeakers play Western pop music instead. Ivens is briefly seen in Sun Wukong\'s make-up. Ivens enters a cavern, where men greet him and say that he is expected. At the end of the cavern there is a mask from which a strong wind blows from the mouth. Ivens says that he wants to meet the man who made the mask, which is arranged. The man explains the mask\'s mythological symbology and gives it to Ivens, who in return gives the man a print of his 1930 film Breakers. Ivens is carried to the top of a mountain to record the sound of wind. Footage is seen from the Japanese invasion of China, which Ivens filmed in 1938. Footage from the air is seen of the Great Wall of China, partially covered in desert sand. Trying to film the Terracotta Army, Ivens and Marceline Loridan only obtain permission to film for ten minutes, which would not be enough. Ivens therefore buys a large number of replicas from local tourist shops to create his own army, which he arranges and films, together with choreographed men dressed up in terracotta warrior costumes. At Ivens\' camp in the Gobi Desert, and old woman approaches and says she can summon the wind by drawing a magic figure. To do this she demands two mechanical fans, which Ivens agrees to give her. Ivens explain how he for his entire career has tried to tame the wind by capturing it with the camera. The woman draws in the sand, and heavy wind begins to blow in the previously calm desert.'] ['Manda Bala profiles such subjects as a businessman who bullet-proofs his cars, a plastic surgeon who reconstructs the ears of kidnap victims, former Governor and Senator Jáder Barbalho, a powerful Brazilian politician from the state of Pará who used a frog farm for money laundering, and the owner of the frog farm himself . The film details many of the reasons for Brazil\'s corruption including the fact that politicians in office there are exempt from civilian court proceedings, with the consequence that they will never be punished for crimes they commit in office. Another factor — and the other driving point of the film — is the ubiquity of kidnapping in Brazil, which ensures that the likelihood of redressing these crimes is fairly low and that someone\'s enemies  are apt to disappear fairly easily.  ; Frog Farmer: a frog farmer who genuinely enjoys his trade. His wife asked him to make a choice, keep her or keep the frogs. The frog farmer chose the frogs. The frog farms were used by Jader Barbalho to illegally launder money. ; Businessman: after telling a story about how he was robbed while sitting in traffic, he discusses how unsafe he feels driving in São Paulo and decided to start bulletproofing cars because being without a bulletproof car "would be crazy". ; Head of Kidnapping Unit: talks about how commonplace kidnappings are and how difficult they are to resolve successfully and his belief that the government should be involved in solving and preventing kidnappings. Also shows off some of his bullet scars from his dangerous line of work. ; Victim: a victim of a kidnapping who had her ears cut off goes into detail about how her captors made her sleep in cramped quarters with only a bucket to use the bathroom, a TV blaring Hitchcock films, and how they sent pieces of her ear to her family. ; Federal Police Marshal: discusses the details of his investigation into the frog farm\'s money laundering and corruption and how the initial evidence was gathered against Jader Barbahlo. ; Kidnapper: Discusses how a kidnapping is planned and what happens when a person cannot pay their ransom and also about how he and his organization take care of the poor when they need it, paving streets, giving out food, and other various projects. He then compares himself to a politician that gives to the poor instead of the ones that are in place that have forgotten the poor. Not shown in the film, the kidnapper was later shot by the police in late 2006.{{cite web}} ; Jader Barbalho: Discusses the Amazon region , why SUDAM failed, and when the subject of the Frog Farm comes up, he responds that "I would need more time to talk to you about that, but this is....this is no" and promptly ends the interview.'] ["{{Expand section}} Children with Tourette's Syndrome discuss the challenges of living with Tourette's, a misunderstood and often stigmatizing condition. They demonstrate some of their tics, and talk about their lives with tics including embarrassing and isolating situations at school and among friends. Professionals and experts offer further information about Tourette's on the DVD."] ['During a two-day period before and after the University of Alabama integration crisis, the film uses five camera crews to follow President John F. Kennedy, attorney general Robert F. Kennedy, Alabama governor George Wallace, deputy attorney general Nicholas Katzenbach and the students Vivian Malone and James Hood. As Wallace has promised to personally block the two black students from enrolling in the university, the JFK administration discusses the best way to react to it, without rousing the crowd or making Wallace a martyr for the segregationist cause. They come up with a plan to quickly federalize the Alabama National Guard and return later the same day, if Wallace indeed refuses to step out of the way despite the court order. The plan works; Wallace steps aside under orders from General Henry V. Graham, but is given the chance to save face and leave before the students enter the building. President Kennedy later gives a speech on equality on national television, and a third black student, Dave McGlathery, enrolls without incident.'] ["The Hole, as it is referred to by local residents, is a five-block neighborhood on the Brooklyn-Queens border surrounded by rumors and mystery. Also known as the 'Jewel Streets', the area is partially flooded and linked to an extensive amount of controversy due to apparent mafia related murders and trash-filled landscape. Nearly cut off completely from the rest of New York City, the neighborhood does not have a sewer system but instead utilizes cesspools. The film features interviews with many residents of The Hole, explores the history of the Federation of Black Cowboys and their relationship with the neighborhood, and documents the landscape of the area.http://courtneysell.com/index2.html"] ["The film includes interviews with several recovering alcoholics who are photographed in dark shadows to obscure their identity, and also makes use of dramatic reenactments to visualize key events in Wilson's life. Blake J. Evans portrays Wilson in the film.{{cite news}}"] ['The setting of the film is a riverboat cruise ship floating up the Yangtze river. Two young people are the focus of the film as they work aboard the ship. One is a sixteen-year old girl from a particularly poor family living on the banks of the Yangtze near Fengdu, named "Cindy" Yu Shui. She is followed as she leaves her family to work on one of the cruise ships serving wealthy western tourists at the same time as her family is being forced from their home due to the flooding that accompanied the building of the dam. The film shows her acclimatization to the consumer economy of tourism as well as modern technology of the cruise ships, juxtaposed with her family and other older citizens who are displaced from a rural lifestyle to cities where they must pay for the vegetables they used to grow on their own. The other main subject is a nineteen year old boy from a more prosperous family named "Jerry" Chen Bo Yu. Chen Bo Yu shows a different perspective as Yu Shui as he tries to earn cash on the ship as a porter and singer. The film is rich in detail about ways of life, dreams, and aspirations and is a great view into the reality of Chinese life.'] ['In Saint Louis, a city built in the center of the Senegal River’s delta, it’s common to make an offering to the water genies when a child is born; a sign of the importance of water as a symbol to people whose daily lives are marked by rituals. Since the eighties, the infrastructures built to control the delta’s volume endanger its ecosystem, while the villages grow more and more desperate in the face of total indifference.<ref nameBarlet|first"Cinéma d\'afrique" 2007 : nouveaux documentaires sénégalais|urlarticle&no12 March 2012|newspaper27 October 2007}}'] ["The film is divided into 16 days in which the director discusses a different issue with the Afghan people. Day 1 : He arrives in Kabul Airport and meets the family. A short introduction of the history of Afghanistan. Day 2: He visits the Blue Mosque of Mazar-e Sharif and discusses the situation with the caretakers, guards, and the ulemas who are there. An inside look into the historical artifacts of the mosque. An interview with a westerner who visited Afghanistan in the 1970s and discusses Islam and the Taliban. Day 3 : Interview with the colonel of the Afghan National Army about the status of women in Afghanistan. Interview with a businesswoman who sells mantu on the street. Interview with street children testing their education and questioning them about school. Interview with a traffic police on how the economy has effected the number of cars and drivers. Day 4 : Interviews with a kebab seller and an electronic seller about their business. Interview with a street woman and her view about the government and president Hamid Karzai. Interview with a blind street singer. He has his fortune read by a woman fortune teller. Day 5 : Interview with a doctor and pharmacist about medicine and foreign medical aid in Afghanistan. Interview with a sickle-maker about his business and what he thinks of life. Day 6 : Interview with a former representative of Iranian Cinema about her perception of the people. Interview with a street photographer, comparing standard film to digital photography. Interview with a butcher and his customer about business and health. Day 7: On the way to Kabul, he eats and introduces Afghan cuisine. Interview with a UN representative and employee about UN activities in Afghanistan. The representative discusses land mines and how they affect people's lives. Hajher recalls his last days in Afghanistan during the Cold War. Day 8: Interviews with many day laborers and how the current political and economic system affects their lives. Day 9:Interview with the founder of Afghan Human Rights Committee about the involvement of United States and western powers in Afghanistan and terrorism. Day 10: Hajher visits an illegal local bar to interview heroin sellers, users and addicts. People discuss why they smoke, how it affects their lives and why they don't drink alcohol. Day 11: Visiting the businesses in the popular Chicken Street and how it has changed or remain the same over the years. Interview with the sellers and western visitors who speak about the culture of Afghanistan. Day 12: Hajher visits his village to meet his extended family. Greetings and interviews with the family about religion, politics and the way of life in the United States. Day 13: Hajher faces death for a moment when he thinks that his village barber is going to cut his neck. The head of the village, the religious figure and other known figures come to meet and question him. Day 14: He visits his dad's enemy to make peace and visit his old house which was taken over by the enemies of his father. Day 15: Leaving Afghanistan, farewell to family and friends. Day 16: Landing in the United States Augusta, Georgia airport. A montage of his recollections of the people he met and the places he visited."] ['The movie centers around efforts by German intelligence to find the target of an upcoming raid by the mythical "B-99 bomber." To achieve this end, they interrogate a recently shot-down air crew. The German officers use various methods to discover this information, some of them quite subtle. Though no physical brutality is used, the Germans at one point stage a mock execution. Each airman eventually provides useful information because of their own stupidity or naivete. Some of what they say, which the enemy finds useful, seems innocuous but is used by the Germans as pieces of a larger puzzle. In the end, the Germans are able to find the target of the raid and there are heavy casualties. The message of the movie, delivered by an intelligence officer played by Lloyd Nolan, is to not talk under any circumstances, that even innocuous conversation can help the enemy, not to let down one\'s guard, and to not try to outwit the enemy.'] ['Plagued by the stress of Paris, a young woman from Congo-Kinshasa takes shelter in a hair salon in the Strasbourg-Saint-Denis neighborhood in Paris, where numerous African hairdressers have opened up for business. She spends a very enjoyable day watching the clients being taken care of, eating, singing and even dancing. She recovers memories from her childhood and a certain amount of serenity.'] ['Hope in Heaven, by filmmaker Meredith Ralston, examines the Philippines brutal sex trade and the young women and children it enslaves. Seen through the eyes of two idealistic female students and a male university professor, the film captures two years of Mila’s life and the people who befriend her, the poverty and squalor she lives of Angeles City she lives in. The documentary depicts the social hygiene clinic in Angeles where hundreds of young women and children line up daily for health checks in primitive conditions. Interviews with prostitutes, mama-sans, community workers, academics and clients expose the complexity of prostitution in two very different cultures. The documentary also shows live footage of seventeen children  are rescued from a local brothel in Angeles and caught disturbingly on film.CBC News: The Lens: Selling Sex in Heaven'] ['The documentary goes behind the scenes in the recording studio with Arif Mardin. It shows him working with artists such as Norah Jones and Jewel. The documentary also features artists such as Aretha Franklin and producers such as George Martin reflecting on his life and career. It also explores his personality and humorous nature.'] ['The credits roll over a stylised music shop. The names of cast and crew and title of the feature are superimposed over the various instruments and instrument cases. The scene then cuts to an owl, who rushes to a schoolhouse full of bird children as a drumroll is played on a snare. A brief musical section introduces us to "the subject for today": the study of musical instruments. The owl explains to the class  that all music originates from four core sounds: toot , whistle , plunk  and boom .  The film then jumps to a group of cavemen, each of whom have discovered the nuclear form of one of the above sounds. We begin with a portly caveman who has discovered that blowing through a cow\'s horn produces a pleasing "toot". We advance to ancient Egypt in 2000 BC, where the caveman discovers that metal horns produce even better sounds. He celebrates by breaking into a two-note jazz solo as Egyptian characters painted on the walls boogie down. We return to the owl, who explains that making a trumpet longer made its tone lower. We then visit a Roman trumpeter who crashes into a column and bends his horn into a grotesque shape... however, he soon discovers that despite this change in form, the trumpet does not sound any different: it is possible to change the horn\'s shape without changing the pitch. However, as the owl explains, this horn can only produce certain notes; in order to get all of the notes required for even a simple tune, you would need four horns of different lengths. But if we create a horn with valves, we can effectively have four horns in one, and this fact is celebrated with another jazz solo.  We return to the cavemen, where the next one is trying to impress his "cavegirl" by blowing on a tube of grass; he further discovers that adding holes to the tube allows him to modify the sound in interesting ways . The cavegirl is impressed, but then a rival caveman appears, bonks the cavegirl on the head with his club, and drags her off by the hair . The owl explains that this system of holes is the basis for every woodwind instrument, including the clarinet and the saxophone.  The next caveman has discovered that plucking on his bow produces a pleasant sound. An offscreen choir explains  how to create a simple harp by adding a resonator, some extra strings and tuning pegs, and rearranging it all . The owl mentions that you can either pluck the harp, or play it with a bow. We then briefly visit several periods in history, where we see several string instruments being played in similar fashion, and finish with a string quartet.  The final caveman beats on his chest to produce a "boom", and hits other parts of his body and his club for other sounds. The owl escorts us through history and explains how a variety of percussion instruments emerged from this basic theory, ranging from rattles to complex drum kits and even the bass drums of marching bands.  The chorus recaps that all music, from the banjo to Latin percussion to "music oriental" to a grand symphony, emerges from the four nuclear sounds.'] ['The film focuses on the life of several Argentine persons after the December 2001 riots in Argentina. It highlights the aims and wishes of the outcasts and their hopes.{{fact}}'] ['Last Days Here follows Bobby Liebling, lead singer of Pentagram, an Alexandria, Virginia-based heavy metal group founded in 1971 and active sporadically throughout the following four decades. At the film\'s outset, Liebling is in his 50s, living in his parents\' basement, and addicted to drugs. After Pentagram\'s music is rediscovered by the heavy metal underground scene, Liebling begins to recover from his lifestyle. His friend and manager Sean "Pellet" Pelletier attempts to help Liebling overcome his drug addiction and escape his old life.'] ["The film opens up with some commentary from the vice-president of MGM, Daniel Melnick. After the commentary the viewers are treated to tours of a film set. The film set that was toured was the set used for Logan's Run and viewers are even treated to a show about the dress design used in the film . Next, Gene Kelly and Fred Astaire honor That's Entertainment, Part II, which was to be released the following year in 1976. Then a press conference with Stockard Channing for the upcoming film Sweet Revenge , is hosted. The end of day one brings a dinner that hosts and honors the cast of The Sunshine Boys with a birthday cake presented to the host, Richard Benjamin. Walter Matthau and George Burns also address the members of the audience during this dinner. The second day of the film begins with a conference for the movie Hearts of the West, released later that year. A premiere is then held for a new film titled The Wind and the Lion. After the film, the second day and the conclave is ended with a dinner and an elegant ball. The star-studded event is hosted on a sound stage that was fixed to resemble the Moroccan Desert, the same desert that was depicted in the latter film."] ['During June 1941, Nazi forces occupied Estonia. By 1944, when the Soviet-Nazi frontline was drawing towards the Estonian border from the East, Alfred Käärmann was conscripted into the German military. By September 1944 the Red Army had again occupied Estonia. Alfred was forced to make a decision: whether to stay in Estonia or retreat with the Germans. He chose the former, However he risked arrest and deportation by the Soviets. In order to survive, he, like many other Estonian men, took refuge in the forests. They were known as the Forest brothers. Alfred Käärmann discusses his experience with the Forest brothers.'] ['Filmmakers Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios have accompanied the Reverend and his troupe over the period of an entire year. The film follows the Reverend\'s "shopping interventions/actions" into cultural dead zones within the island of Manhattan such as Starbucks, Disney and the New York University construction site at the Edgar Allan Poe House. Reverend Billy, a.k.a. Bill Talen, is an actor/performance artist and a leading figure in the anti-globalization movement. His work combines the forces of social and political change with the means of theater arts to counteract our media culture. His artistic and political work is influenced by various concepts of "street theater." His disruptions or "shopping interventions" in public spaces are in the tradition of the Living Theater, José Bové, Lenny Bruce, The Yippies. New York Times theater critic Jonathan Kalb calls his work "the most hilarious and pointed political theater in New York, something that has to be done in the risky environment of the street." The actions/performances inside and outside of Starbucks coffee shops and Disney stores often end with the Reverend being arrested. He calls it stepping into somebody\'s imagined box. The police call it illegal trespassing. The Reverend claims that social change always begins with civil disobedience and includes as his heroes the civil rights, peace and labor movements. Americans, according to Reverend Billy, lead fake lives: we gobble up the mono-culture peddled by transnational conglomerates; we buy whatever stores sell us; and, consequently, we live consumerist fictions. We become, in his words, “tourists in our own lives.” Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios’s REVEREND BILLY AND THE CHURCH OF STOP SHOPPING focuses on Reverend Billy  and his devout group of disciples as they crusade against the synthetic and corruptive aspects of today’s hyper-consumerist culture. Talen tirelessly labors to organize “actions”—ranging from choir-singing protests to rooftop speeches—that urge people to stop shopping and to realize the threat lurking beneath the veneer of commodification. Working to create real change through his activism, Talen leads his followers to the streets to recite “The Raven” in protest of NYU’s planned demolition of the Edgar Allan Poe House. Concerned with how transnational corporations “colonize” our mental-scapes and destroy local neighborhoods, the charismatic “preacher” thrives on staging infiltrations of the Disney Store or boycotts of Starbucks, even if it means frequent run-ins with the NYPD. In the style of Direct Cinema, filmmakers Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios expertly observe—without interruption—Reverend Billy in action and confrontation. As a result, the most rewarding aspect of REVEREND BILLY AND THE CHURCH OF STOP SHOPPING is its proficiency in accessing Talen’s truly human side—his humor, self-deprecation, and intelligence—which in turn reveals what is genuinely empowering and inspiring about the man and his mission.'] ['The film addresses the issues many soldiers face upon their return from the War in Iraq, including problems with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and an inability to meld back into "normal" society. The film includes footage of soldiers in Iraq and personal interviews with about two dozen people directly affected by the war . The veterans, both men and women, speak of their experiences before, during, and after the war. The veterans speak about recruitment and training, combat, their returns home, facing their families, and their difficulties in making the necessary changes needed to fit back into society. The Ground Truth was released in theatres on September 15th of 2006 and released on DVD on September 26th of the same year. People can sign up to host screenings of the film online at The Ground Truth or view a low-resolution copy online, see bottom.'] ["In the 1960s and 70s, British governments, conspiring with American officials, tricked into leaving, then expelled the entire population of the Chagos islands in the Indian Ocean. The aim was to give the principal island of this Crown Colony, Diego Garcia, to the Americans who wanted it as a major military base. Indeed, from Diego Garcia US planes have since bombed Afghanistan and Iraq. The story is told by islanders who were dumped in the slums of Mauritius and in the words of the British officials who left a 'paper trail' of what the International Criminal Court now describes as 'a crime against humanity'."] ['The film is the equivalent of a walk through a cinema museum. The doc interviews many modern-day directors of photography and they illustrate via examples their best work and the scenes from films that influenced them to pursue their art. Many known cinematographers are interviewed, including: Néstor Almendros, John Bailey, Conrad Hall, Michael Chapman, László Kovács, and others. They discuss their craft and pay homage to the cinema pioneers like Gregg Toland, Billy Bitzer, James Wong Howe and John Alton. The practitioners also explain the origins behind many of their most indelible images in cinema history.'] ['Wolfgang Weber is a bit unworldly archivist of the city of Castrop-Rauxel. He makes an astonishing discovery while receiving treatment at Thomas Vallomtharayil’s Ayurvedic clinic. 150 years earlier, another Thomas was at work where the clinic stands today: the Irish mining pioneer and Ruhr legend Thomas Mulvany. This film accompanies the archivist in a documentary style through his research into the astounding parallels between the lives of the two Thomas’, which leads Wolfgang Weber to a striking conclusion: Thomas Vallomtharayil is the reincarnation of Thomas Mulvany.'] ['51 Birch Street is the first-person account of a family\'s unpredictable journey through dramatic life-changing events. Having observed most of his parents\' 54-year marriage, Doug Block believed it to be quite a good one. A few months after his mother\'s sudden death from pneumonia, Doug Block\'s 83-year old father, Mike, calls him to announce that he’s moving to Florida to live with "Kitty", his secretary from 40 years before. Always close to his mother and equally distant from his father, Doug and his two older sisters were shocked and suspicious. How long had Kitty been an intimate part of their father’s life, they wondered. When Mike and Kitty marry and sell the longtime family home, Doug returns to suburban Long Island with camera in hand for one last visit. Among the lifetime of memories being packed away forever, Doug discovers three large boxes filled with his mother\'s daily diaries going back 35 years, in which she recorded her unhappiness, her rage against her husband, her sexual fantasies about her therapist, a brief affair with an unnamed friend of her husband — and her suspicions about Kitty. The marriage, Mike told Doug on film, "was not loving, it was a functioning association". Realizing he has only a few short weeks before the movers come and his father will be gone for good, Doug is determined to explore the mystery of his parents\' marriage. Through conversations with family members and friends, and surprising diary revelations, Doug finally comes to peace with his parents who are more complex and troubled than he ever imagined. However, unlike other notable documentaries on family from the years around 2000, such as Capturing the Friedmans and Tarnation, 51 Birch Street doesn\'t reveal terrible secrets or extreme dysfunction of an ordinary family. Instead, the documentary explores more subtle forms of repression, secrecy and denial within a family, and confirms the complexity of marriage. {{cquote}}'] [' A camera tracks crosswise alongside a wide, brightly appointed beach, in what appears to be the dead of winter. No bathers are in sight, only a rolling parade of empty cabanas, with a tranquil blue seascape in the distance beyond. The wistful, melancholy music of Nino Rota lends these vistas a dreamy familiarity. We then jump from color to luminous black & white, and a quick glimpse of Federico Fellini’s 1963 masterpiece, 8½, in which the monumentally buxom harlot, La Saraghina, is preparing to perform her rumba on the beach for a flock of fugitive schoolboys. It’s the very same beach we were just staring at, but magically denuded of 40 years of succeeding development, and made mythic through the eyes of a master. From this point of departure, Pettigrew juxtaposes archival footage and fresh interviews with Fellini’s collaborators, interspersed with classic clips and the fruits of his own present-day visits to the haunting locales where I Vitelloni , Nights of Cabiria , La Dolce Vita , Satyricon  and other cinematic wonders first came to life. The goal is to fuse these ingredients thematically, to a degree that may better illuminate Fellini’s conscience and philosophies. "I am a born liar," the maestro tells us. "For me, the things that are the most real are the ones I invented." In one way or another, Fellini’s playful habit of honestly admitting falsehood is presented, and tested, as the key to his art, and even his spirituality. The maestro’s boyhood in the Adriatic coastal town of Rimini is conjured through a combination of an unpublished baby picture of Fellini, contemporary footage, and his own spoken reminiscence. Fellini remembers being fascinated, when still a small boy, by the town’s artistic types - bohemian outcasts who were, by turns, dirty, flashy, and inner directed. "A small boy is naturally rebellious," he tells us, of himself. "He’s reacting to the laws, the taboos, the rules laid down by his family, his school. And my generation was faced with so many taboos, those of the Catholic Church, of Fascism." This reflection is intercut with a behind-the-scenes of Amarcord , Fellini’s intimate epic about small-town life in the Benito Mussolini era. The focus is on the scene, both nightmarish and comedic, in which the hero’s father is obliged by the police to drink castor oil, for no reason other than as a clownish, sadistic exercise of small-time power. Fellini circles the action, prompting the actors, crooning to them, snarling, sometimes obliging them to act directly towards him, as he crouches off-camera. Emphasised in this context is Fellini’s intense discomfort at causing such a scene to be re-enacted, however satiric the energy. He scowls, grits his teeth, and admonishes one actor playing a Blackshirt bully to be more precise, for pity’s sake: "Your partner has been suffering for days because of you. Get it right!" Fellini’s early manhood and lifelong collaboration with his actress wife, Giulietta Masina, are evoked through a combination of interviews  and clips from 8½ and Juliet of the Spirits.F. X. Feeney observes that "scenes of boyhood lust, grownup sexual mischief and the intimate, truthfully observed emotional life of a longtime married couple reoccur with a passionate regularity in Fellini’s films". Quoted in press notes released by First Look Media in 2003. While it is an understandable temptation to think of such scenes as "autobiography", they are counterbalanced by Fellini’s own warnings: "Memory is a most mysterious element, almost indefinable, that links us to things we don’t even remember having lived. It constantly incites us to stay in contact with dimensions, events, and sensations, that we can’t define, but that we know actually happened." After a close look at the overtly fake plastic seascapes of And the Ship Sails On , Italian novelist Italo Calvino observes: "To a psychoanalyst, whether you tell the truth or whether you lie, isn’t very important. Because even lies are interesting, eloquent, revealing, just as much as what is considered truth. I distrust a writer who claims to tell the whole truth about himself, about life, or about the world." Some of the contradictions in Fellini’s accounts of himself are just plain funny. "I adore actors," he tells us. Cut to Donald Sutherland, star of Fellini\'s Casanova , who quietly seethes that "in his relations with actors, Federico was dreadful, a martinet, a tyrant". Yet Sutherland is close to a smile as he recalls and then offers an insight that deepens the film’s argument: "Fellini is constantly threatened by his own superficiality, and is constantly running away from it, in the same sense as Orson Welles. Orson Welles created a lie about himself that was in fact the truth, but he knew that it was a lie he’d created - and once everybody believed it, he found it insupportable." Rocking the stability of these persuasive remarks is Roberto Benigni, star of La voce della luna , extolling Fellini’s charm with actors in bright, broad strokes: "He treated me, for the first time in my life, like I was a real actor. Or better - actress! I was in the center, and to everybody he say, \'This is-a my Kim-a Novak.\'" Terence Stamp, who played Toby Dammit in Histoires extraordinaires , remembers that when he asked for a bit of directorial instruction, Fellini glared at him at first as if witnessing something unnatural - a puppet who dared to question its puppeteer. Then, off the top of his head, he offered Stamp a lulu of an "actor’s motivation" for Toby, telling him: "Last-a night you play Macbeth. Then you go to a party. Big-a party. Whiskey. Hashish. Cocaine. A whore-gy! And at this-a whore-gy, you fuck some woman while some black-a man fuck you. Then you are on your way to the airport and someone put big tab LSD under your tongue. Now you\'re here!" Stamp needed no further preparation. Nevertheless, he was constantly intrigued by Fellini’s love of extreme artifice. When he asked the director why the makeup people had been told to place Toby’s eyebrows at such an unnaturally high angle on his forehead, Fellini replied, "They are question marks. It makes you look like you’re asking a question." Tullio Pinelli, screenwriter of La strada and La Dolce Vita, and cameraman Giuseppe Rotunno outline the varied, often complex approaches to scripting a Fellini film and lighting it. Noted French producer Toscan du Plantier details the frustration of working with a temperamental director who "needs an enemy" for inspiration. "An artist is a medium," insists Fellini, "a vessel to be filled by fantasy" as painter and long-time intimate, Rinaldo Geleng, evokes the maestro\'s wild mental states during La dolce vita, 8½ and Casanova. Featured during these interviews are extremely rare behind-the-scenes of La Dolce Vita, Juliet of the Spirits, Fellini\'s Casanova, and City of Women that are, in turn, punctuated by mysterious uncredited appearances by Ennio Flaiano, Alain Cuny, and Nanni Moretti. As the film moves through its final third, we tour the stagier sets and sample the less formally scripted scenes which characterize Fellini’s later work. These scenes are balanced against the filmmaker’s own latter-day musings in such a way that, even if one tends to resist Fellini’s later films, one is better able to see and understand them on his terms as part of an inevitable, continuous growth on his part. "Faking things, constantly faking!" says Fellini as we observe in detail his skillfully crafted, openly false, studio-built seascapes. "Making a fake sea, a fake meadow, a fake storm. All this faking, this representation - probably unconsciously - is merely a repetition of a kind of magic ritual." After a clip from 8½ in which a sleepless Guido  worries that his latest film will capsize, owing to his own shortcomings - "What if it’s the end," he asks himself, "of a big fat liar without talent or genius?"- Fellini reflects that "doubt" is also a vital part of the creative process. "Fear is a feeling you have to cultivate. A man cannot do without being afraid. A fearless man is, I think, a fool. Fear is inseparable from being human." Fear of death motivated Fellini to abandon, sometime around 1966, a poetic film about the afterlife called The Voyage of G. Mastorna. Terence Stamp encouraged Fellini to make the film anyway: "\'You think if you make this film, you will die,\'" he recalls telling the maestro. "\'And you will! But not in the way you think. You’ll be reborn.\'" Fellini resisted the advice. And yet, Mastorna itself was reborn, again and again as he saw it, in all his later work. "The most intimate and secret part of that film has nourished and found its way into every film I made later," he reflects. "Like the wreck of a ship that from the floor of the ocean continues to send radioactive signals." We are then shown footage of Mastroianni with Giulietta Masina on the set of City of Women and Mastroianni during a screen test for the ill-fated  Mastorna. Such ruminations set the tone for the film’s close in which Fellini reflects  on the fleeting properties of life in general and the unforeseen, dream-like career which became his life. "I think it is a necessity," he says of the creative process, alluding not just to filmmaking but to the imaginative ways in which we each navigate our lives. "An interpretation... Which protects, consoles and reassures. I believe that art is the most successful attempt to instill in mankind the need to have a religious feeling. That’s what any kind of art expresses." The film ends full circle at the seascape where it began except that, now, the remnant of an abandoned camera-track is aimed straight into the sea. On the ambiguity of this final image, critic F. X. Feeney wrote: "Is this substitution of a real sea for the imaginary ones we’ve been sailing for the past hour and forty minutes a critique, a refutation of Fellini’s beloved fakery? Or is it a validation - an invitation to enter the reality at which those fancies were ultimately aimed? In keeping with the maestro\'s elusive art, the image is a deliberate paradox."Quoted in Feeney, Press Notes .'] ['Through the trials and tribulations of a location film shot in the streets of Algiers, Chouïa cinema examines the deep desire of Algerians for films, in a country which was deprived of images of itself for almost two decades. Shot as a making of, the film introduces the viewer to passionate people&nbsp;— filmmakers, producers, actors&nbsp;— who voice their anger at the decline of culture in Algeria.'] [" The film opens with a short segment explaining the events which transpired to culminate in Conan's launch of the Legally Prohibited Tour. It focuses on the rift with NBC and the outpouring of support shown by his fans while the fiasco played out. The documentary continues with Conan explaining that the idea for the tour came to them while thinking of things they could do in the 6 months they were legally prohibited from appearing on television. The following segments show glimpses of the thought process for the tour, and then an extremely nervous Conan and team members as they wait in realtime to see the results of whether or not their show would sell. All the venues begin to sell out at a fast pace and the stage is set for them to proceed with the planning of the tour. The rest of the documentary details the creative process behind various jokes/musical acts by Conan's team. In between segments of the live show a lot of fan interactions, attendance of functions, hosting at Bonnaroo and encounters with celebrities  are shown - not all of them are pleasant for an exceedingly exhausted and tired Conan as the tour progresses. Conan held a secret show for his fans at the studio of Jack White, with White participating in the show itself. During the film there is little interviewing between Conan and the director himself, though the few questions that are captured are answered in great detail. A constant during the entire documentary is Conan O'Brien's personal assistant with whom he shares humorous  banter till the close of the film. The documentary ends with a title card displaying the end date of the tour and that Conan had a few weeks off before starting his next assignment as the host of his cable talk show at TBS, a shot of Conan walking out onto the studio stage after the Conan theme has been played by the band is shown after the title card. A recorded performance at Jack White's studio is played while the credits roll."] ['In the city, some lead a privileged life, whilst others are mere labour. In between it all, there are those, who live a wretched existence, but at least they are free. A dog’s life in the Egyptian capital…{{RefFCAAAL}}'] ["Outrage argues that several American political figures have led closeted gay lives while supporting and endorsing legislation that is harmful to the gay community. The film examines mass media's reluctance to discuss issues involving gay politicians despite many comparable news stories about heterosexual politicians and scandals. Outrage describes this behavior as a form of institutionalized homophobia that has resulted in a tacit policy of self-censorship when reporting on these issues."] ["In this documentary, the filmmaker Rehad Desai takes us on an intimate journey mapped out by the scars etched into his family's life from having a father who was intensely involved in politics. Barney Desai was a political hero during South Africa's struggle for freedom, yet as a father he was damagingly absent emotionally. Rehad spent most of his young life in exile and became politically active himself. On this intensely personal journey into his past, Rehad realizes he is following in his fathers footsteps as he reviews his relationship with his own estranged teenage son."] [' This documentary about the 70s porn legend attempts to verify his existence as there are practically no Asian male porn stars in the history of American adult cinema. A controversial mystery akin to Bigfoot and alien abduction, Dick Ho was so well endowed that rumors arose of a conspiracy within the porn industry to eliminate any knowledge of his existence. Includes alleged film footage and testimonials from porn veterans.'] ["The film centers on three children - Nancy, a 13-year-old choir singer; Rose, a 14-year-old dancer; and Dominic, a 14-year-old xylophone player. They are members of the Acholi ethnic group, living in the remote northern Uganda refugee camp of Patongo, which is under military protection from the Lord's Resistance Army, a terrorist group that has been rebelling against the government for the past two decades. In 2005, the camp's primary school won its regional music competition and headed to Kampala to participate in the annual National Music Competition. War/Dance focuses on three of the eight categories: Western choral performance, instrumental music, and traditional dance, where the students perform the Bwola, the dance of the Acholi. Over the course of three months, the film's creative team observes the three youngsters as they prepare for the event and gain their confidence enough to have them discuss the horrors they have experienced and express their individual fears, hopes, and dreams."] ['Beginning with the 2005 violence at the Melilla and Ceuta border fences, Bab Sebta interviews people in four North African cities to explore why some people are willing to risk all to emigrate to Europe. Interviews took place in Tangier and Oujda in Morocco, and Nouadhibou and Nouakchott in Mauritania.{{cite web}}'] ['The film follows two wayward characters, Chen Sihan  and his girlfriend, Xiaoping . On the verge of entering university, both characters are looking for a way to make their fortune. The two travel to the city of Wuhan from their home in Anhui province, in the hope that they can purchase rare mushrooms to sell back home. When they return home, they discover they have been cheated and return to Wuhan in hopes of getting a refund. Returning unsuccessfully, Chen Sihan and Xiaoping are forced to decide whether to continue their journey or enter a school life.'] ['{{cquote}} My Dinner with Jimi received the best screenplay award at the 2003 Slamdunk Film Festival in Park City, Utah, and was well received when it was shown as part of the Santa Monica Film Festival.'] ['This documentary investigates the secrets of tourism in Gambia, showing both its positive and its negative points. The tourism industry is an essential source of income for this country situated to the West of Africa, but it has several things against it: Begging, sexual tourism, finding the means to emigrate. A poisonous business that only benefits a few and that leads to poverty tourism.'] ['A film about a boy, barely in secondary school, Sidi and his father Adman, who both unknowingly cope with the sudden absence of a key female figure in their life. In a probable separate story, a boyish young woman returns to photograph the backdrop of her past. Set in the border town of Johor Bahru, Malaysia. The literal meaning of the title is a Malay saying like "the owl misses the moon" a reflection of unrequited  longing.{{cite news}}'] ['Eschewing the traditional rockumentary methods of archival performance and interviews, director Gorman Bechard instead relies on fans to tell the story of The Replacements, one of the most underrated bands in rock and roll history. Some of these fans are more well known than others, as members of Husker Du, The Goo Goo Dolls, The Hold Steady, The Decemberists, The Gaslight Anthem, Babes in Toyland, and many other famous musicians retrace the band\'s story from their humble beginnings in Minneapolis to their legendary onstage breakup on July 4, 1991. The heart of the story, though, comes from "ordinary" fans. Some saw the band hundreds of times during their tenure; others only saw a show or two. Bechard not only covers the highs of their early shows and recordings, he also honestly discusses the controversial firing of guitarist Bob Stinson and the gradual softening of their sound. According to The Village Voice it\'s the "rock version of Rashomon."'] ["The film follows a Cambodian family as they work to dig a trench across Cambodia to lay the country's first optical fiber cable, depicting their hardships. At one point during their excavation, the workers uncover a killing field, a remnant of the genocidal purges of the Khmer Rouge."] ["About a dozen people, both Men and Women can be seen having a snowball fight in the middle of a tree lined street in Lyon. A cyclist rides along the street and becomes a target for those throwing snowballs. As a result he falls from his bike. He is not hurt, however and picks himself up, riding off to 'escape' back in the direction from which he came, but leaving his hat in the snow."] ["The film begins with Donald Duck, flush with the contemporary patriotic spirit present with the United States' full entry into World War II, dancing to a patriotic song. A radio announcer tells about the new patriotic spirit and asks Donald if he is willing to do his part. Donald fervently asserts his loyalty and begs to know how best to show it. His enthusiasm fades when the radio announcer advises he pay his income tax promptly. However, the announcer changes Donald's mind by stressing the country's need for resources to aid the war effort. Now that Donald is motivated once again, the announcer, along with the help of a talking dip pen, inkwell, blotter, and note pad, show Donald how to properly fill out his simplified Form 1040 A.Donald files as Head of family as he is single and able to claim Huey, Dewey, and Louie as dependants, making his payment of $13 authentic according to the tax bracket. Donald has often been associated with the number 13, a reference to his often predictable bad luck. This is also seen in his fictional address of 1313 Hollywood Boulevard given on the form as well as his bank and check number. After this the announcer urges Donald to mail his payment to the Federal government at once, and Donald enthusiastically races across the nation to Washington DC to deliver it in person. The film concludes with a montage of images to illustrate to the audience the wartime necessities the money is needed for such as munitions and combat vehicles to defeat the Axis powers. With a final images framed in a sky lined with red, white and blue, the announcer repeats The Four Freedoms and reminds the audience that taxes are essential for victory and will keep democracy on the march."] [" The first segment of Piece by Piece lays out the fundamentals of San Francisco graffiti by documenting topics that laid the groundwork for artists today. Items covered are “Cholo” writing, the impact of PBS's Style Wars , and the development of San Francisco's defined style. This segment includes not only San Francisco's graffiti originals, but also commentary from noted New York writers such as Seen, Cope2, and Case2. It also covers the life and death of Dream One, an SF graffiti pioneer and a vocal figurehead in Bay Area urban welfare activism.   The second segment elaborates on what it takes to establish credibility among the graffiti community, documents a shift from words to images, and tetcreats of how San Francisco developed graffiti styles yet to be seen in other parts of the world. This segment features works from writers such as KR and the horses of Reminisce, following writers and documenting their creative expression. Also featured here are Grey, Buter, Joro, Norm, and Barry McGee .  The final segment of Piece by Piece explores the wide range of public opinion towards graffiti by giving voice to citizens of San Francisco and to representatives of law enforcement on the subject. It also details the artists’ confessions of their love and addiction to graffiti art and typographic lettering, instances of their social activism, and the short life span of their work."] ['Filmed in Portland, Oregon, What the Bleep Do We Know presents a viewpoint of the physical universe and human life within it, with connections to neuroscience and quantum physics. Some ideas discussed in the film are: * The universe is best seen as constructed from thought  rather than from substance. * "Empty space" is not empty. * Matter is not solid. Electrons pop in and out of existence and it is unknown where they disappear to. * Beliefs about who one is and what is real are a direct cause of oneself and of one\'s own realities. * Peptides manufactured in the brain can cause a bodily reaction to emotion. In the narrative segments of the movie, Marlee Matlin portrays Amanda, a photographer who plays the role of everywoman as she experiences her life from startlingly new and different perspectives. In the documentary segments of the film, interviewees discuss the roots and meaning of Amanda\'s experiences. The comments focus primarily on a single theme: We create our own reality. The director, William Arntz, has described What the Bleep as a movie for the "metaphysical left".'] ["The feature length documentary highlights the painter's complex creative process with rare footage of the artist at work in his studio in the Swiss mountain village of Rossinière. Conversations with Balthus and his wife Setsuko, his daughter Harumi, his sons Stanislaus and Thadée, interviews with art critics Jean Leymarie, Jean Clair, Pierre Rosenberg, and James Lord, and with French painter François Rouan , contribute to form a rich psychological portrait of a secretive and controversial artist. Also featured are photographs by Henri Cartier-Bresson and Irving Penn, and much unpublished material. The film was shot in Super 16 over a 12-month period in Switzerland, Italy, France, and the Moors of England."] ["This documentary is a self-discovery of a matured Mike Tyson, who reflects on his highly controversial and publicly viewed life. It begins with clips of 20-year-old Tyson's convincing World Boxing Council Heavyweight Championship win over Trevor Berbick, then explores the fighter's upbringing and motivation. It is revealed that he had a fractured family life and difficult childhood in Brownsville, Brooklyn, where his crimes led him to Tryon School for Boys in Johnstown, New York. A father-son relationship with his first professional trainer and only father figure in his life, Cus D'Amato, is expressed as Tyson chokes back tears. He reveals his vulnerability when he relates the fear that he felt when D'Amato died in 1985. Tyson was only 19 years old when he lost the one real parental figure in his life. Tyson eventually unified the WBC, WBA and IBF title championship belts, becoming the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world. This turned into a traumatic event that was the root cause of Tyson's many personal issues. Tyson makes it apparent that his great stardom at only the age of 20 was a blessing for him but also a curse. From his great achievements at such a young age to the eventual tangled web of his existence, Tyson is able to expose his contrasting flaws of mental instability, immaturity, lust for women and fear, all of which explain his downfall as a boxer and his controversial life. In the end, having fought a battle with fear in order to fight for his respect, Tyson is shocked by the outcome: a renewed respect for life and family."] [" Albert Fish tells the horrific true story of a sadomasochistic cannibal, child molester, and serial killer, who lured children to their deaths in Depression-era New York City. Elderly but still deadly, Fish was inspired by biblical tales as he took the stories of pain, punishment, atonement, and suffering literally as he preyed on victims to torture and sacrifice. From John Borowski, award-winning director of H. H. Holmes: America's First Serial Killer, comes the first docudrama and definitive chronicle of the life and times of cannibal Albert Fish. Adding insight to the account are interviews with artist and Odditorium owner Joe Coleman and renowned true-crime author Katherine Ramsland, Ph.D."] ['The film identifies what were the markers of Toots\' career as a celebrity restaurateur: Prohibition, the growth of the Mafia, the golden age of baseball, and the death of the saloon scene at in the "serious" atmosphere created by the tumult of the 60s. Throughout the film, there is a feel of romantic nostalgia as all those who are interviewed recall Toots fondly as a lover of New York, at a moment when the city was awash in wealth and celebrity as never before, and that the city’s sizzle was once embodied by a sports bar in Midtown: a place of glamour and egalitarianism, where Joe DiMaggio and Frank Sinatra and Ernest Hemingway rubbed elbows with working stiffs. After deciding to pursue the project, she sent a fax to Walter Cronkite requesting an interview. Two days later Ms. Jacobson got a message: “Kristi, it’s Walter Cronkite. I knew and loved Toots. What can I do to help you?” Soon more friends and admirers of Shor were sitting in front of Ms. Jacobson’s camera, recounting tales of boozy bonhomie: journalists , broadcasters ([[Mike Wallace , athletes . Tom Brokaw signed on as a consulting producer. It turned out that the most difficult interviewee to nail down was her own mother, Kerry Jacobson, one of Shor’s four children with his wife, the former Ziegfeld Follies dancer Marion Shor, known as Baby. In fact, her daughter\'s was the first interview Kerry Jacobson ever consented to oblige. “[Toots\'] children were raised to keep their lives private, not to brag. It just wasn’t [my mother\'s] instinct to talk about, you know, how her dad had turned up at her confirmation with John Wayne.”'] ['The film follows several women from small villages in India who come out of seclusion to serve their communities by teaching, particularly to other women, about family planning resources. The women are trained through Janani which is a non-profit health organization founded in the state of Bihar, India by way of DKT International. The women become rural medical practitioners and counselors.<ref namehttp://www.almanacnews.com/morgue/2001/2001_03_21.film.html|workFadiman film on women of India premieres March 29| dateApril 30, 2012}}<ref namehttp://www.rediff.com/news/2001/mar/31usspec.htm|workThe Harsh Days of Their Lives |dateApril 30, 2012}}'] ['142 minutes of the film speak of events and athletes that have characterized the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. From the absolute protagonist Wilma Rudolph, called the black gazelle, to Livio Berruti, the first white to win the 200 meters, to the deeds of Ethiopian marathon runner Abebe Bikila, who won the marathon racing barefoot.'] ['The film follows Manchester City in the wake of the club\'s takeover by Sheikh Mansour through the 2009-2010 season, capturing their emotions in victory and defeat. Whilst the documentary will also give an "access all areas" view into Manchester City Football Club including footage from the dressing room, boardroom and players\' homes such as Carlos Tevez<ref nameManc magazine |accessdate |editionAugust 2010 |origyearManchester City FC |pageBlue Moon Rising}} with exclusive in-depth interviews from chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak and manager Roberto Mancini.'] ['Morning Light is a documentary that follows the youngest crew <ref name Roberts | first  Jeremy Wilmot chosen as Morning Light skipper | publisher  April 26, 2007 | url 33026&RequestTimeOut 2008-08-06}}'] ['American Luthier focuses on Randy Parsons’ transformation from aspiring musician to guitar-maker. The guitar had been Parsons’ identity since he was a child, but after studying classical and jazz guitar in college, he realized that he would never make a living as a musician. So he gave it up — he didn’t even own a guitar in his mid-twenties — and then one day he had a vision of how the guitar would come back into his life. Now Parsons is creating instruments that are highly sought after works of art for clients like Jack White, Jimmy Page and Joe Perry. This is a film is about someone who gave up their passion for playing guitars and discovered that they had a passion for making guitars. Parsons’ success is a testament to doing what we love in life and work, even if it requires taking a second look at your dreams, and finding a different way to be a rockstar.'] ["At sunset in the streets of the old town, the musical clubs of Zanzibar buzz with the joyful sounds of Taarab, the music of Zanzibar, whose style reflects two millenniums of cultural exchange and the island's location at the crossroads of the spice route. Vehicle of cultural identity and living tradition, the performance of Taarab is intrinsically linked to both the ceremonial and everyday life of the island. Its gentle rhythms accompany the listener on every step of his road, from the most solemn to the most blissful moments."] ["The documentary captures the story of blind blues musician Paul Pena. After a brush with fame and success in the 1970s, Pena's fortunes faded as he dealt with career and health problems. While listening to shortwave radio, Pena heard a broadcast of throatsinging, the Tuvan art of manipulating overtones while singing to make higher frequencies more distinguishable, essentially making it possible to sing two notes at once. Pena, over the course of several years, taught himself to throatsing to a very impressive degree. He eventually attended a concert of throatsinging and after the concert impressed one of the throatsingers, Kongar-ool Ondar, who invited him to visit Tuva, a province of Russia, a formerly independent country and the home of throatsinging to sing in the triennial throatsinging festival held there. The entire journey is captured in the documentary, as well as the extraordinary mix of cultures and music."] ['Drawing upon the thinking and analyses of renowned intellectuals, the documentary sketches a portrait of neo-liberal ideology and examines the various mechanisms used to impose its dictates throughout the world.'] ['The Us Now website describes the project as an examination of the role of the internet, and more specifically Web 2.0 in facilitating direct public governance without the need for politicians. The film tells the stories of the online mass collaboration projects such as Mumsnet, CouchSurfing, Slice the Pie and My Football Club whose self-organising structures may "threaten to change the fabric of government."{{Cite web}}'] ["Hineini  chronicles the story of Izen's attempt to establish a gay-straight alliance at a Jewish high school in the Boston. The student, Shulamit Izen, enters 9th grade at The New Jewish High School  in Waltham, Massachusetts openly identifying as a lesbian. Set in an interview format, the Hineini documents Izen, her family, teachers, and other students who both support her campaign and those who oppose it. Among themes examined in the documentary is the Jewish community wrestling with the issues of pluralism and diversity."] ['Moustapha Alassane is a living legend in African cinema. His adventures take us to the era of “pre-cinema”, to the times of magical lantern and Chinese shadows. He is the first director of Nigerien cinema and animation films in Africa. He tells very old stories with current technology, but he also narrates the most current events with the most archaic means. This documentary not only tells the adventure of a human being and an extraordinary professional, but the memories of a generation, the history of a country, Niger, in its golden age of cinema.'] ["Kafka au Congo is a tragicomic journey behind the scenes of Congo law and politics. Gorette's lands have been unfairly expropriated, and she has spent the last 15 years going from one office to another trying to have her case heard. But whenever she is given an appointment, something gets in the way, she has to grease another bureaucrat and she loses confidence. At the other end of the justice system is the parliamentary administrator, Bahati, in charge of Congo's national parliament’s finances, happily making a packet working the corrupt system."] ["The film tells the story of both sides claiming the same land as their own. The Ndolilas family’s land was taken by the apartheid government in the 1970s without compensation, and ever since then they have been on a quest to get it back. Standing in their way are working class black homeowners who purchased portions of the Ndolila's land during apartheid. For the homeowners, the land and houses they have legally purchased are a reward for their hard work and the fulfillment of their hopes and dreams for a better life in the new democracy. For the Ndolilas, the land is part of their family legacy and hence deeply intertwined with their identity. Both sides have a legitimate right to the land, and the film encourages viewers to think about whose rights should prevail.{{cite web}}"] ["The documentary takes Skreslet and fellow summiter Pat Morrow back to Base Camp, where they recall the traumatic and triumphant events of 1982. Pat Morrow has contracted a mystery illness that might prevent his return to the mountain. As part of the climbing party, Laurie Skreslet has brought his estranged nineteen-year-old daughter, Natasha. She has hardly seen her father in ten years. The Climb follows the events leading up to the 1982 Canadian climb of Everest. It examines the drama of the journey up the mountain as Skreslet and Morrow piece together using their emotional recollections of the events that happened twenty-five years ago, while on the trip back to Nepal and Everest's famous base camp. The film shows events as they unfolded on the mountain by using archival footage shot in 1982 while being narrated by Skreslet and Morrow."] ["Jørgen Laursen Vig owns a Danish estate, with a ramshackle castle, on the island of Fyn. He dreams of turning his castle into a Russian orthodox monastery. After a visit to Russia negotiating with the Russian patriarchate, a delegation of nuns headed by Sister Amvrosija come to Denmark in order to assess whether Vig's castle is fit to serve as a monastery. The nuns approve the castle, but at the same time they demand extensive repairs to it. When the nuns leave again for Russia, Vig sets out to do the repairs all by himself. The following summer sister Amvrosija and the other nuns return and Vig's dream seems about to come true. The nuns move into the castle, and slowly they take over the daily work and introduce new routines. Vig's life changes: all his life he has lived by himself with no women around, now he has to share his home with the strong-willed Sister Amvrosija and her sister nuns. And they demand more and more necessary repairs. As a solution to the problem, the Russian patriarchate offers to pay for all future repairs to the castle, but on the condition that Vig leaves his castle to them by will. Vig has serious doubts: should he leave his castle to the Russian church by will and thus carry out his dream of a monastery? Or should he keep his castle to himself and continue his lonely life as a bachelor? Vig, who has never known love, is facing many conflicts with the apparently difficult Sister Amvrosija, but she does strangely enough not want to leave him and his castle, even if she will be the last and only nun left. Today the monastery is run by Nun Amvrosija. The Russian Orthodox priest Hegumen Theofan, Dean of the St. Alexander Nevsky Parish in Copenhagen, often comes to carry out the services. The Russian Patriarchate and the Hesbjerg Foundation are now negotiating the future plans for the monastery, and an agreement is well on its way."] ['The film opens during the Dixie Chicks\' 2003 Top of the World Tour, discussing the Dixie Chicks\' super-star status prior the incident at their London show. They had sold more albums in the United States than any other female band in history. With the release of their 2002 album Home, they were again at the top of the Billboard Charts. The new single from that album "Travelin\' Soldier", a sensitive depiction of a soldier\'s life during the Vietnam War era, and the young woman who waited for him, finding he was killed in battle, had peaked at #1 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs Chart. The film then cuts to a scene from the Dixie Chicks\' March 10, 2003 concert at the Shepherd\'s Bush Empire Theatre in London, England. The atmosphere in the European audience is of dramatic opposition to the announcement from United States President George W. Bush\'s authorization of the invasion of Iraq. Approximately 1 million people had recently demonstrated in London against the impending war."Thousands more take stand against conflict in demonstrations throughout Britain" The Guardian, 10 March 2003. Access date 15 May 2010. During the introduction to their song "Travelin\' Soldier", Natalie Maines, a Texas native, says: {{cquote}} The Guardian, a major English Newspaper, published Maines\' statement as simply "Just so you know, we\'re ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas.".Campbell, Duncan . "\'Dixie sluts\' fight on with naked defiance" Guardian Unlimited Conservative groups in the U.S. rallied against the Dixie Chicks and a firestorm of anger and criticism followed. The film shows the band\'s reaction to the open hostility, political and corporate backlash, and physical threats directed at the group. The band did not expect such a strong reaction, and they are unsure if they should "shut up and sing", apologize, or stand by their convictions and let more sparks fly. The film follows the day-to-day life of the Chicks. It shows them with their husbands and their children, at home in Texas and in the recording studio in Los Angeles, getting their hair and makeup done before appearances, exchanging ribald remarks with each other, writing song lyrics and working on musical arrangements. Simon Renshaw, the group\'s longtime manager, is the focus of many scenes as he attempts to guide the Chicks through the vicissitudes of the music industry. The title of the film is a lyric from the Dixie Chicks\' 2006 post-controversial single "Not Ready to Make Nice" from the album Taking the Long Way. It was the criticism and hate mail that they received because of their political statements, one of which drew such concern from both the FBI and the Texas Rangers that they advised the Chicks to cancel a concert in Dallas, Texas, and they were shown the original letter that specified a date, time, and location at which lead singer Natalie Maines would be shot dead, unless she "shut up and sang". However, the show took place without incident. Living in a constant state of fear took an emotional toll on the Chicks, in particular because they toured with their children.Cohn, Angel TV Guide Shut Up and Sing Review Retrieved 12 June, 2008 The song, "Not Ready to Make Nice" includes a reference to that very real death threat:  And how in the world can the words that I said  Send somebody so over the edge  That they\'d write me a letter  Saying that I better  shut up and sing or my life will be over?!  Commentator Laura Ingraham coined the phrase &#34;shut up and sing&#34;; it was the title of her 2003 book Shut Up & Sing: How Elites from Hollywood, Politics, and the UN Are Subverting America. The tagline of the film, "freedom of speech is fine as long as you don\'t do it in public", is a reference to a scene in which an interviewed protester says &#34;freedom of speech is fine but by God you don&#39;t do it outside of the country and you don&#39;t do it in mass publicly&#34;.'] ["The film presents extracts from some of the most noted dance pieces by Pina Bausch in the Tanztheater  style of which Bausch was a leading exponent. The extracts are from four pieces: Le sacre du printemps , Café Müller, Kontakthof, and Vollmond. These are complemented with interviews and further dance choreographies, which were shot in and around Wuppertal, Germany; the film includes scenes showing the Wuppertal Schwebebahn, an elevated railway, and some dances sequences take place inside its carriages. In the first piece, Le sacre du printemps, (Frühlingsopfer, The Rite of Spring , the dancers of the Tanztheater Wuppertal, separated into male and female groups, move about a stage covered by a thick layer of peat. The following section, Café Müller , portrays a café Pina often visited when she was a child.{{fact}} In a simple setting consisting of some tables and chairs and doors, a small woman dressed in white is entering the café. Two more women, one of whom is obviously blind, appear. They hesitate to step further, as the tables and chairs are obstructing their way. Two men come around and try to remove these barriers. Eventually the blind woman and one of the men stand face to face. The second woman wraps her arms around the other men, but she slips. This part repeats and seems to remain in a loop. The next piece, Kontakthof,  was performed multiple times for Wenders' cameras, with groups of different generations: teenagers, middle-aged dancers, and dancers over 65 (Bausch had choreographed these three variants, as Kontakthof – Mit Teenagern ab 14 , Kontakthof , and Kontakthof – Mit Damen und Herren ab 65 . The film edits these performances into one, cutting between different performers to highlight their different abilities. In the final piece, Vollmond,   the stage is flooded. The scenery consists of one large rock and some chairs. At the end of the film, the actors face the audience on a small path with a brown coal mining region in the background to an open end."] ['The film concerns the November 29, 1976 murder of Dallas police officer Robert W. Wood during a traffic stop. The Dallas Police Department was unable to make an arrest until they learned of information given by a 16-year-old resident of Vidor, Texas who had told friends that he was responsible for the crime.{{cite news}} The juvenile, David Ray Harris, led police to the car driven from the scene of the crime, as well as a .22 Short caliber revolver he identified as the murder weapon. He subsequently identified 28-year-old Ohio resident Randall Dale Adams as the murderer. Adams had been living in a motel in Dallas with his brother. The film presents a series of interviews about the investigation and reenactments of the shooting, based on the testimony and recollections of Adams, Harris, and various witnesses and detectives. Two attorneys who represented Adams at the trial where he was convicted of capital murder also appear: they suggest that Adams was charged with the crime despite the better evidence against Harris because, as Harris was a juvenile, Adams alone of the two could be sentenced to death under Texas law. The film\'s title comes from the prosecutor\'s comment during his closing argument that the police are the "thin blue line" separating society from "anarchy". This is a re-working of a line from Rudyard Kipling\'s poem "Tommy" in which he describes British soldiers  as the "thin red line", from the color of their uniforms and their formation.'] ['The film begins by listing the headlining acts of the Super Rock festival held in Japan in 1984: Scorpions, Whitesnake, and Bon Jovi, all of whom have gone on to sell millions of records, except one: Anvil. Despite their ambition, the Canadian band was unable to achieve the same level of success. Instead, singer and guitarist Steve "Lips" Kudlow drives trucks for Children\'s Choice Catering, delivering food to schools and institutions. Drummer Robb Reiner works in construction. But both would rather be playing on stage at the local sports bar to their small but dedicated group of fans, as shown during a show for Steve\'s 50th birthday party. Steve gets an email from a European fan named Tiziana Arrigoni, who offers to set up a European tour for the band, estimating 1500 Euros per show. The tour has a promising start at the Sweden Rock festival, where the group interacts with Michael Schenker and Carmine Appice, but it quickly goes downhill. Trains are full before the band can buy tickets, they miss travel connections altogether, they get lost in Prague due to language barriers and scuffle with the bar owner who refuses to pay since the band was 2 hours late, they play to mostly empty rooms and complain about the lack of promotion, eventually running out of money and sleeping in a train station. At one point, Robb refuses to perform and announces he\'s quitting from the band, only to be persuaded by Steve to stick it out. The final concert of the tour is the Monsters of Transylvania rock concert, held in a 10,000 seat arena and promising a crowd of 5,000. But only 174 people show up. The band returns to Canada having taken 5 weeks off of work and making no money. Steve describes the financial difficulties that have befallen the band, including his own second mortgage, and bassist Glenn Five\'s homelessness. Guitarist Ivan Hurd ends up marrying Tiziana, and Anvil plays at the wedding reception as a handful of family members watch politely. Robb describes his other passion, painting, focusing on themes of solitude. Steve notes that recent Anvil albums have not been as well written or produced as earlier efforts, such as Metal on Metal, and sends a rough demo tape to the producer of that record, Chris "CT" Tsangarides. CT replies to Steve that he feels the songs have potential, and after a face to face meeting they decide to record their 13th album, This Is Thirteen. The band still needs to raise the £13,000 to finance the recording. He returns to Canada and tries to raise the money as a telemarketer selling sunglasses, but does not make a single sale. Eventually, he borrows the money from his sister Rhonda. The band spends over a month recording in Dover, England. After several stressful weeks of recording, an argument ensues between Steve and Robb over the quality of each other\'s recording takes. The argument turns heated and Robb threatens to quit again, but they are able to reconcile and finish recording the album. Steve and Robb try unsuccessfully to market it to several record labels , but decide to sell the album themselves through internet and concert sales. Despite the lack of major label distribution, Steve considers the recording process and finished album a success, stating that the band was able to stay true to their roots and form/maintain strong relationships with family and friends. Steve receives a phone call asking Anvil to play a concert in Japan. Excitedly, the group returns to the site that marked the highlight of their career. Their spirits are dampened when they realize they are the very first act at a 3-day festival, taking the stage at 11:35 am. Fearing disaster, the group however takes the stage to a large, receptive crowd.'] ["Fixing America is a journey across the byways of America interviewing seemingly ordinary, yet truly exceptional folks who bare all and offer solutions to fix America's problems. In a time of unprecedented global financial disaster, Fixing America regards the “ordinary” American People most suited to disentangle problems and crucial issues.{{cite web}}"] ['The film follows survivors of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami as they prepare for the beginning of cherry blossom season.A world of heartbreak — and hope — in Oscar short docs Washington Examiner'] ["The film examines the current and past relationships between the media, the U.S. government and corporations, analyzing the possible consequences of the concentration of media ownership. Making references to George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four, the film argues that reality has met and in some ways exceeded Orwell's expectations about a society dominated by thought control, which is made possible by the media. According to the film, the mass media no longer report news, but manage it, deciding what makes the headlines and what is conveniently ignored, thus ultimately defining the framework upon which most other issues are discussed by the society. As an example, it is claimed that since the late 1980s there's been an agenda pursued by the major media corporations regarding the deregulation of the media market, by which news reports sell all its benefits while neglecting its disastrous results. This documentary is a critical examination of the Fourth Estate, once the bastion of American democracy. Asking whether America has entered an Orwellian world of doublespeak where outright lies can pass for the truth, director Robert Kane Pappas explores what the media doesn't like to talk about: itself. Meticulously tracing the process by which media has distorted and often dismissed actual news events, Pappas presents a riveting and eloquent mix of media professionals and leading intellectual voices on the media. From the very size of the media monopolies and how they got that way to who decides what gets broadcasted and what doesn't, Orwell Rolls in His Grave moves through a troubling list of questions and news stories that go unanswered and unreported in the mainstream media.{{Citation needed}}"] ['The overall plot of the film focuses on the interviews of former Secretary of defense, Robert McNamara, who has been interviewed for about 20 hours by the director of the documentary, Errol Morris, through a special device called "Interrotron" which allows the interviewee to look directly in the camera which is believed to bring more life into the abstract idea of the interview. Robert McNamara talks about different aspects of international security and how and by what means it can be influenced due to certain circumstances. The documentary not only explores the events of the American history that occurred in the past several years, but it also focuses on the life of McNamara and how he arose from the humble American family to the significant politician who has achieved enormous power and who later became one of the most influential people in the world of politics. Robert McNamara has worked with presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson, general Curtis LeMay, and had a direct access to many governmental documents; Therefore, his opinion and his personal experiences and lessons that he has learned while serving as a Secretary of Defense can provide the audience with a very enlightening philosophy and an overall outlook on American politics. The documentary covers such important events as World War II, Vietnam War, Cuban Missile Crisis, and many others that McNamara witnessed himself. McNamara is believed to be the "architect" of the Vietnam war; a war that cost an enormous number of lives against a foe whose resolve he seriously underestimated. McNamara\'s interview, along with archival footage, offers a close look at international security and the international relations of the US, and an insight into why certain conflicts occur and lessons that can be learned from these conflicts.'] ['The documentary follows the experience of Faraz Anwar, founder, lead guitarist and vocalist of the first Pakistani progressive rock band Mizraab, in the music industry. Faraz Anwar is interviewed by director and producer, Haroon Sheikh, about his musical journey in the music industry and experiences with his band, Mizraab. Faraz also discusses about his compositions in music and song writing skills.Jam, Retrieved on March 27, 2011Jam, Retrieved on March 27, 2011'] ["The Boy Mir reveals this day-to-day life of Mir and his family from a very close-up perspective. The narrative is driven by Mir’s journey into his early teens, when he will be expected to put his childish ways behind him and begin the difficult process of becoming a man. This is hard enough for any child, but Mir has to face this challenge in modern Afghanistan. In sum, this is a unique portrayal of life, full of humour, full of poignancy, in today’s Afghanistan. The film tracks the life ten years life of Mir, from a naive 9-year-old to fully grown adult in one of the toughest places on earth Afghanistan. The film begins in the year 2002, just after the fall of Taliban when Mir, at that time, was living in a care by the recently destroyed Buddhas of Bamyan. After a year in Bamyan, Mir's family moves back to their home in a small and remote village up north. The film covers the day-to-day lives of Mir and his family. As days pass, Mir changes, like any boy growing up. He starts understanding the world and thus a little less happy. He begins the real life by working hard at the village school and intends to become a teacher. After school, he give a hand to family members and grows wheat in the mountains. He and his father always talk about how good should he be doing in school and how much time should he spend working. As the only son of an ailing father, it becomes clear that there is increasing call for the young boy to help support what is an extremely poor family. As the film progresses, Mir turns his attention, however, from horses and donkeys and helping the family to bikes, motorbikes and having fun. His ambition to one day be a teacher or indeed president of Afghanistan changes; now he simply hopes not be killed in the fighting. The film also shows how is the new Afghanistan changes after the fall of Taliban."] ["In the film, director Ross McElwee gets married, finally putting an end to his family's worrying; his grandmother dies; his wife Marilyn has a miscarriage; and his father, a medical doctor, dies suddenly within a week of McElwee's wife's miscarriage. His mother had died of cancer ten years earlier and so McElwee returns to his father's house, where his father's housekeeper ministers to him about Christianity and faith. McElwee goes to visit his friend Charleen, who is now living alone in a new apartment. She had lived on an island in an old two-story house abandoned by the U.S. Army; she and her husband worked to restore it and lived together there for years before becoming estranged. Charleen then lived there alone, but on returning home from a trip she finds that her husband has set fire to the house and died downstairs at the grand piano in an arson/suicide. Charleen has her husband's cremated remains in a bag inside a box and tries to get rid of them but can't bring herself to do it. McElwee's brother is a successful doctor; on a visit to his brother's practice, Ross talks with his brother about their father's death, which took them both by surprise. Ross's brother receives a patient who has a large malignant tumor on her breast; the woman has had the tumor for years without seeking medical help. Ross's brother takes a slide of the tumor for his files; it has spread across much of her chest and is both multifaceted and multicolored. Ross incorporates his brother's interview with the woman--and the slide his brother takes--into his film, musing in voiceover about motivation and fatality and marvelling at the power of denial. Eventually Ross abandons the film, only to continue it later: his wife is pregnant. The pregnancy comes to term and Ross and Marilyn go with their baby son to visit Charleen, who criticizes them for bringing children into such a hostile and unpredictable world but speaks to the passion that drives life and procreation. Ross and Marilyn dote on their son and seem largely unbothered by the criticism."] ['Heavy Metal Parking Lot documents heavy metal music fans tailgating in the parking lot outside the Capital Centre  in Landover, Maryland, on May 31, 1986, before a Judas Priest concert .'] ['To the North of the country, the Island of Ibo was used as the jail where the Portuguese political police tortured without remorse the Mozambique nationalists. This documentary reflects that jail, the consequences of colonization and the Resistance.'] ['Only When I Dance tells the story of two teenagers, Irlan and Isabela, who pursue their dreams of becoming professional ballet dancers as a way to escape the violent slums of Rio de Janeiro.'] ['Race to Nowhere is a film containing stories of young people across the country who have been pushed to the brink, educators who are burned out and worried that students aren’t developing the skills they need, and parents who are trying to do what’s best for their children.'] ['Young musicians from Mozambique, who usually play Jazz, Funk and Hip Hop, join a group of old men who are stars of the Marrabenta, the traditional Mozambique folk music. Together they form a band called Mabulu and mix their different music styles. The “Old Glories”, as they are affectionately called by their fans, still live in Maputo and survive, as they have for the last fifty years, by singing songs that describe the sad and funny details of their everyday lives.'] ['The documentary follows the heavy metal scene in Los Angeles, with particular emphasis on the glam metal sub-genre. Spheeris explores the more famous musicians, including Alice Cooper, Aerosmith, Ozzy Osbourne, Dave Mustaine and Paul Stanley. She then explores unknown bands, such as London, Odin and Seduce. The film also features interviews with members of Poison, Tuff, Vixen, Faster Pussycat, W.A.S.P., and more. Serious issues such as drug usage, alcohol abuse, and censorship are tackled, as well as vanity issues like celebrity and sales. The film is well known for its many scenes featuring rock star excess. The scenes include: *Chris Holmes of W.A.S.P. is interviewed in a swimming pool beside his mother while extremely intoxicated. He stumbles through the interview, and pours a bottle of vodka both in his mouth and on his head. It was later claimed the bottle of vodka that Holmes poured onto himself was actually water. *The unsigned band Odin explains how they want to be more famous than The Doors and expects to become millionaires (Odin\'s guitarist, [[Jeff Duncan . *An interview with club owner Bill Gazzarri, who at the time organised a \'sexy rock and roll\' dance contest, which was presented as being sleazy and sexist. *Discussions with various musicians about the way women in general, and groupies in particular, are treated badly in the metal scene. *Riki Rachtman and Taime Downe, then owners of the Cathouse club in L.A., discuss how girls get entry to the club faster if they dress \'sleazy\'. *Paul Stanley of Kiss is interviewed in a bed while surrounded from head to toe with girls. *Steven Tyler of Aerosmith talks about spending millions of dollars on drugs. *As Ozzy Osbourne cooks eggs in a kitchen he spills orange juice all over the table, apparently due to uncontrollable shakes. This was later claimed to have been faked. Spheeris also interviews him about sobriety, to which Ozzy replies, "It fucking sucks." *An interview with Lemmy from Motörhead. In his autobiography, he claims that Spheeris interviewed him from a distance, possibly in an attempt to make him look stupid.<ref name Kilmister | first  2002 | title  0-671-03331-X | publisher  London u.a. | page = 210 }} * Candid and sobering interviews from various artists about drug use, abuse and dying  from overdoses. *Lastly, Spheeris takes her cameras to Sunset Strip to film the nightlife in 1980s Los Angeles.'] ["In the morning Jack Brodie, a judo brown belt who just moved to London from Cleethorpes, learns London has won the bid to host the 2012 Olympics. Unfortunately, his mood and his first day at his new school are quickly ruined when he learns the London Underground has been bombed. His new-found friend Ben leaves school property in search of his father who may be at one of the attacked stations. Jack follows him. As soon as the school staff learn about the attacks through a phone call from a concerned parent, the trip to a music competition is immediately cancelled and the music teacher convinces the students to practice in the music room until they can leave. Muslim Bass Guitar player Ayesha has been the focus of bully Kelly Davies since the start of the day when she accidentally bumped into her and made her drop her mobile phone. Kelly and her friend Marie start to taunt Ayesha and her friend Mike, saying that they're an item. This culminates in Kelly stealing Ayesha's brand new mobile phone. She warns her not to tell anyone or she'll be 'sorrier than she can dream'. However, Mike tells their teacher and gets Kelly punished. Ayesha is angry with him for the rest of the day and only forgives him when they're on their way home. Kelly turns on Marie when she shows remorse for joining her in bullying Ayesha and throws her book out of the window. Jack and Ben are still intent on finding Liverpool Street station where Ben's dad works. When they enter a shop to ask for directions, a man agrees to take them there. When he attempts to mug Ben, Jack uses his judo skills to trip him up and the two boys run for their lives. The entire class is waiting for the bus, but upon seeing Ayesha and her sister Jamilia, the driver makes a comment about not having their jihad on his bus , closes the doors and drives off, leaving most of the kids out on the street. Kelly starts picking on Ayesha again, until Marie finally snaps at her telling her how stupid she is. Kelly turns away and walks home angrily. Ayesha, Mike and Jamilia walk the other way, discussing the mad and bitter bus driver. Ben eventually finds his dad, who's covered in patches of soot and blood stains; he was travelling on one of the bombed underground trains and was one carriage down from the explosion. He's still in shock from what he's observed and most of his clothes are damaged by fire and shrapnel. He stops at a café and tells them he had to make a statement due to being so close to bomb. The carnage and devastation he's been made to see of those dying, dead and mutilated prove too much and he breaks down in tears as Ben and Jack look on taken aback of seeing Ben's dad crying. Eventually Ben, his dad and Jack go back to their homes. Jack's mum walks into her son's room to see him tearing up a newspaper with the Olympic rings on them and says that London won't always be like this. Jack sticks the picture on the wall and says that he thinks he's going to like it here."] ["Bakti quarrels with his wife. He uses holy water for his fighting fish, she takes revenge by cooking them. He is upset after his mother has taught his little nephew a Christian prayer, since the boy is raised as a moslim. Bakti's stepdaughter passes her final examination. With a mortgage on the home they finance her university study."] ["The film begins two years before the African-American Darnellia Russell attends the predominantly white and upper-class Roosevelt High School. Bill Resler, a tax law professor at the University of Washington, becomes their new girls basketball coach. Resler, a coach who uses animal and nature themes to motivate his team, believes they can win the Washington State championship but they fall short in the first game of the state tournament. A couple of years later, Darnellia attends Roosevelt High School where she makes the junior-varsity team. Learning of her natural talent, Resler recruits her for the varsity squad. In the following years, the talented Roosevelt team falls short of winning the state championship in close games. Darnellia receives letters of interest from several major universities. However, after her junior year, Darnellia becomes pregnant by her longtime boyfriend and drops out of school. After giving birth to a daughter, Darnellia returns to Roosevelt for her fifth year. The WIAA  bans Russell from playing basketball due to a rule that states that high school students can only play on their teams for four years, unless a hardship is involved. Darnellia, believing that having an unplanned child constitutes a hardship, appeals the decision. Attorney Ken Luce represents Darnellia in court and a judge rules in Darnellia's favor. The WIAA takes the matter to court again, and for the second time the judge grants Darnellia the right to continue playing. However, the WIAA files a lawsuit against Darnellia and Roosevelt High School. In defiance of the WIAA, the Roughriders continue to play with Darnellia on the team. Darnellia and her team return to the Washington State high school basketball championship tournament and play their rivals, the Garfield Bulldogs in the finals. Darnellia leads the team to the school's first state championship. Two days later, the WIAA dropped their case. Darnellia graduates from high school with honors and is named the Northwest Player of the Year. Although Darnellia didn't receive any college scholarships, she attended North Seattle Community College."] ['Music by Prudence tells a self-empowering story of one young woman\'s struggle who, together with her band, overcomes seemingly insurmountable odds and, in her own voice, conveys to the world that "disability does not mean inability." Zimbabwean singer-songwriter Prudence Mabhena was born severely disabled. The society she was born into considers disabilities to carry the taint of witchcraft.<ref namehttp://www.sfbayview.com/2010/oscar-nomination-for-%E2%80%98music-by-prudence%E2%80%99-about-disabled-zimbabwean-singer-prudence-mabhena/|title5 March 2010|publisher21 March 2010}} Because of this, many disabled children are abandoned. But Prudence and the seven young members of the band she has formed called Liyana, all disabled, have managed to overcome stereotypes and inspire the same people that once saw them as a curse. The main subjects of Music by Prudence, and members of the band "Liyana", are: *Prudence Mabhena - singer and composer  *Tapiwa Nyengera - back-up singer, keyboard, front man  *Energy Maburutse - first marimba player, back-up vocalist  *Honest Mupatse - tenor marimba player  *Marvelous Mbulo - back-up singer  *Vusani Vuma - bass marimba player  *Goodwell Nzou - traditional drums and percussion, back-up singer  *Farai Mabhande - lead keyboardist'] ["Narrated by Carl Colby, son of the late Director of Central Intelligence William E. Colby, The Man Nobody Knew traces the elder Colby's career in the U.S. intelligence community, along with and in contrast to his home life, including the secrets he kept from his family.{{cite video}}<ref nameThe Man Nobody Knew: In Search of My Father, CIA Spymaster William Colby |authorhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/carl-colby/william-colby_b_970620.html |work19 September 2011 |accessdate=21 September 2011}}"] ['This documentary looks deep into the life and works of Mr. Nripen Ganguly who had won the National Award for his film Bhombal Sardar .Article in a Bengali NewspaperNational Award Archive Also very interesting facts about Satyajit Ray, Ritwik Ghatak & Mrinal Sen are revealed.'] ["After some comical animations involving Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, the film shows Spurlock visiting various countries associated with or affected by Bin Laden. The film contains short interviews with many people about Bin Laden and Islamic fundamentalism, and about the US and its war on terror. Supposedly Spurlock searches for Bin Laden, and he even asks people at random in the street where he is. The film is intercut with images of Spurlock's wife in the late stages of her pregnancy. Much of Spurlock's commentary is based on the concerns of a new father. Spurlock visits Morocco, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Israel, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. In Afghanistan, guarded by about 21 Afghan soldiers he visits Tora Bora. A local government official is shown who wants to change it into an amusement park. Spurlock is also shown on a US Army patrol as an embedded journalist. Spurlock is shown hesitating to enter the area of Pakistan near the Afghan border where Bin Laden was, which is closed to foreigners, and deciding not to go there, arguing that it is not worth the risk. He concludes that the people in the countries he visited are ordinary people just like himself and the audience."] ['The film focuses on the way in which the judicial cause of Fernando Carrera was hatched. It shows the alteration of the evidence at the crime scene, the manipulation by the police taking the testimony of the few witnesses called to testify and the handling of the national media by Ruben Maugeri.'] ['Reading a newspaper article about the search for the remains of the Struma, which sunk carrying Jewish refugees from Axis-allied Romania to Palestine, Goldman is shocked when his grandmother reveals that his great-great-grandfather Luzer was one of the more than 700 passengers who perished that day in the waters of the Black Sea. This once-unspoken family history leads Goldman to dig deeper and further, until he has revealed a narrative that is deeply complex, and says more about his legacy than his ancestors ever hoped to share. At the center of this narrative is Goldman’s great-grandfather, Luger’s son Grisha, a man whose tenacity earned him the professional nickname, Le Grand Akshan, or “the truly stubborn one.” Goldman once considered his great-grandfather a source of embarrassment because of the corny middle name he inherited from the mysterious “man with the sharp, piercing look” whose picture hung in his grandmother’s study. He is shocked to learn the central role that Grisha played in helping his family escape the Holocaust. His heroics involved a harrowing series of moves that took him to Romania, Iraq, India and, eventually, the young state of Israel, where Grisha entered the nascent cinema industry. Goldman becomes fascinated with his great-grandfather, and the drive to learn more about him fuels Goldman to complete the film.'] ["The film follows four families from Harlem and the Bronx in the months leading up to the lottery for one of the Success Academy Charter Schools , one of the most successful charter schools in New York City. The film explores the debate surrounding the education reform movement. The film highlights the opposition from the teachers' unions to charter schools , and the contest between charter and public schools for building space."] ['No Way to Heaven begins on a remote island in Southeast Asia. There, Fritz Joss, a young man from the Swiss mountains has decided to stop eating – once and for all. He plans to find sustenance in pure light by applying what is known as the "21 day process". Fritz sets off on his endeavour, but the planned conversion to "breatharianism" is much more difficult than anticipated.'] [' The first portion, "Rust" follows a group of factory workers in three state-run factories: a smelting plant, an electric cable factory and a sheet metal factory. Workers at all three face sub-standard equipment, hazardous waste, and lack of safety precautions. Perhaps even worse, with the declining need for such heavy industry, the factories also face a constant lack of raw materials, leaving the workers idle and concerned for their future.  The second part, "Remnants" follows the families of many of the workers in an old state-run housing block, "Rainbow Row." In particular, Wang focuses on the teenage children who concern themselves with their own lives but must also cope with their inevitable displacement as Tie Xi\'s factories continue to close down.  The third part, "Rails" narrows its focus to a single father and son who scavenge the rail yards in order to sell raw parts to the factories. With the factories closing however, their future suddenly becomes uncertain.'] ['The film provides an insight into and incident at the 1968 Summer Olympics which saw two United States athletes, Tommie Smith and John Carlos, give the black power salute from the victory dais after the 200 metres final. The film focuses on the third man on the dias, silver medal winner Peter Norman, who showed his support for Smith and Carlos by donning an "Olympic Project for Human Rights"  badge on his way to the podium. It was also Norman who suggested to Smith and Carlos that they share the black gloves used in their salute, after Carlos had left his gloves in the Olympic Village. This is the reason for Smith raising his right fist, while Carlos raised his left. Asked later about his support of Smith and Carlos\' cause by the world\'s press, Norman said he opposed his country\'s government\'s White Australia policy. The film documents the subsequent reprimand of Norman by the Australian Olympic authorities, and his ostracism by the Australian media. Despite Norman running qualifying times for both the 100m and 200m during 1971/72, the Australian Olympic track team did not send him to the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. It also documents Norman\'s reunion with Smith and Carlos, shortly before his death in 2006. The film debuted at the Sydney Film Festival on 8 June 2008. It was released Australia-wide on 17 July 2008.'] ['There is no real plot to these documentaries. Much like its three predecessors, Faces of Death IV provides over 50 gory scenes of dying, murder, accidents, police brutality, execution, cult rituals, and other macabre events. Some of these include a bungee jumping trip gone awry, a magician\'s fatal mishap with a Houdini trick, a mechanic who has his left leg severed by a falling Corvette, a Satanic ritual that ends in the death of several, a cocaine dealer\'s fatal wedding, and more. John Alan Schwartz cameos yet again as an ambulance driver. The earlier films in the series were of a more serious nature and tone, whereas this installment leans more toward camp: "Dr. Louis Flellis" sits at his desk in front of a glowing red lava lamp, with a plastic skeletal foot on the desk in front of him during introductions to most sequences. Flellis is also shown eating a plate of barbecue ribs immediately before showing slaughterhouse footage.'] ['The film stars Lewis H. Lapham, who plays himself as editor of Harper\'s Magazine. Lapham opens the film with the question of whether or not America has a "ruling class," a circle of wealthy and powerful families that run the banks, businesses, and government, essentially controlling everything in America. To answer this question, Lapham devises a fictional scenario following the post-graduation paths of two young Yale graduates, themselves from opposite economic beginnings. The paths they take gradually clue them, and the audience, into the reality posed by the question. Caton Burwell plays "Jack Bellami," a recent Yale graduate who comes from a rich family. Unlike his family or his friends, Jack seems unsure of what he wants to do with his life and wonders how he could make a difference in the world. Jack ultimately decides to become a banker, working at Goldman Sachs. He chooses the job after coming to the conclusion that the banking industry controls the world and that it would be easier and more effective to become a part of the system in order to change it from within. Paul Cantagallo plays "Mike Vanzetti," another recent Yale graduate who is best friends with Jack Bellami. Unlike his friend, Mike is from a middle-class background, meaning he isn\'t wealthy like his friend Jack. Mike wants to change the world from outside the system. He decides to become a writer and goes headfirst into the character, renting a studio apartment and getting a job as a waiter. He refuses to "sell out" by way of writing for a major newspaper or by pandering to the masses by writing lowest-common-denominator material. Mike\'s story takes center stage in the second half of the film, after Jack\'s decision to join Goldman and his subsequent success there. A run-in with Mike leads Jack to offer him a job at the company, an offer Mike initially rejects. As his student-loan bills start piling up, however, Mike begins to resent his lack of money and low-paying job, as well as the inability of his writing to enact change. Mike\'s girlfriend, Taylor, invites him to a wealthy friend\'s party, at which she encourages him to continue his work. A short time after the party, Lapham invites Mike to take a trip to a "space that used to be called, in another age of man, Mexico." This land was Texas. In Texas, Lapham shows Mike how the powerful control the government, and how money, in the end, trumps any effort by the non-wealthy to alter society. Ultimately, Mike decides to abandon his writerly dream and takes up Jack\'s job offer. During a visit to Taylor\'s mansion home, Mike plays a game of tennis with his girlfriend and they discuss his decision. Taylor is horrified with his new defeatist attitude. Mike lectures his girlfriend on his new worldview: that money is all that matters, and that, as society goes to hell, wealth is one\'s only defense against the routine abuses and corruption of the ruling class. The film then splits with two endings. The first shows Mike during his first day as a banker, zooming in on him at an initiation program: His panic and displeasure are evident as he immediately regrets what he has done. The second ending  has Mike sidetracked when he agrees to watch a stage show. It is being rehearsed by the lead singer of "THE WHATS?" and a group of children. The song they play discusses the themes of the film. The film ends with Mike in the woods, leaving the viewer in the dark on the question of whether Mike makes it to work or has his mind changed by the song.'] ['A detailed look the life of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Mozart Decoded starts with Mozart’s upbringing and follows his life through his success and affiliations. A priority of this documentary is finding out what motivated Mozart’s work and how organizations like the Freemasons impacted his most popular operas.'] ['The film features Joan Baez, Donovan and Alan Price , Dylan\'s manager Albert Grossman and his road manager Bob Neuwirth; Marianne Faithfull, John Mayall, Ginger Baker, and Allen Ginsberg may also be glimpsed in the background. The film shows a young Dylan: confident if not arrogant, confrontational and contrary, but also charismatic and charming. Notable scenes include: *Dylan\'s extended taunting of Time Magazines London arts and science correspondent Horace Freeland Judson who was subjected to what he believes to be a contrived tirade of abuse from Dylan. *Dylan\'s interrupting Alan Price\'s backstage performance of "Little Things" to ask Price why he left The Animals. *Dylan and Baez singing Hank Williams songs in a hotel room, as well as Baez singing the first few verses of "Percy\'s Song" and "Love Is Just a Four-Letter Word"  *Dylan\'s pre-concert philosophical jousting with a "science student" ([[Terry Ellis . *Grossman negotiating with former Bebop Dance band leader and music agent, Tito Burns. *Dylan singing "Only a Pawn in Their Game" on July 6, 1963 at a Voters\' Registration Rally in Greenwood, Mississippi .Dylan: Don\'t look back *A selection of songs from Dylan\'s Royal Albert Hall performance. *Dylan regaling the room with "It\'s All Over Now, Baby Blue" after proclaiming "Hey, that\'s pretty GOOD, man!" in the middle of Donovan\'s performance of "To Sing for You". Dylan\'s romance with Baez had pretty much run its course by the time of the tour, and the film candidly captures what amounts to their breakup. The opening scene of the film also served as a kind of music video for Dylan\'s song "Subterranean Homesick Blues", in which the singer displays and discards a series of cue cards bearing selected words and phrases from the lyrics . Allen Ginsberg makes a cameo appearance during this episode.'] ["Trouble the Water opens the day the filmmakers meet 24-year-old aspiring rap artist and ex-drug dealer Kimberly Rivers Roberts and her husband Scott at a Red Cross shelter in central Louisiana, then flashes back two weeks, with Kimberly turning her new video camera on herself and her neighbors trapped in their Ninth Ward attic as the storm rages, the levees fail and the flood waters rise. Weaving 15 minutes of Roberts' ground zero footage shot the day before and the morning of the storm, with archival news segments, other home video, and verité footage they filmed over two years, director/producers Tia Lessin and Carl Deal document the journey of a young couple living on the margins who survive the storm and seize a chance for a new beginning. Trouble the Water explores issues of race, class, and the relationship of government to its citizens, issues that continue to haunt America, years after the levees failed in New Orleans."] ['The film details the experiences of "the greatest Internet pioneer you\'ve never heard of,"<ref namehttp://www.weliveinpublicthemovie.com |titleWeliveinpublicthemovie.com |date2009-10-20}} Josh Harris. The dot.com millionaire founded Pseudo.com, the first Internet television network during the infamous tech boom of the late \'90s. After achieving prominence amongst the Silicon Valley set, Harris became interested in controversial human experiments which tested the effects of media and technology on the development of personal identity. Ondi Timoner documented the major business-related moments of Harris\'s life for more than a decade, setting the tone for her documentary of the virtual world and its supposed control of human lives.<ref namehttp://blog.wired.com/underwire/2009/01/enduring-a-tota.html |titleBlog.wired.com |date2009-10-20 |firstWallace}} The pièce de résistance was a Japanese-style capsule hotel outfitted with cameras in every pod, and screens that allowed each occupant to monitor the other podshttp://www.radaronline.com/from-the-magazine/2008/01/josh_harris_we_live_in_public_operator_11_01-print.php{{dead link}} The film\'s website describes how, "With Quiet, Harris proved how, in the not-so-distant future of life online, we will willingly trade our privacy for the connection and recognition we all deeply desire. Through his experiments, including another six-month stint living under 24-hour live surveillance online which led him to mental collapse, he demonstrated the price we will all pay for living in public." "He climbs into the TV set and he becomes the rat in his own experiment at this point, and the results don\'t turn out very well for him{{cite web}}.," says Timoner of the six month period Harris broadcast his life in his NYC loft live online. "He really takes the only relationship that he\'s ever had that was close and intimate and beaches it on 30 motion-controlled surveillance cameras and 66 invasive microphones. I mean his girlfriend who signed on to it thinking it would be fun and cool, and that they were living a fast and crazy Internet life, she ended up leaving him. She just couldn\'t be intimate in public. And I think that\'s an important lesson; the Internet, as wonderful as it is, is not an intimate medium. It\'s just not. If you want to keep something intimate and if you want to keep something sacred, you probably shouldn\'t post it." The film includes commentary from internet personalities Chris DeWolfe, Jason Calacanis, Douglas Rushkoff, and venture capitalist Fred Wilson as well as artists and producers involved in the "Quiet: We Live in Public" event V. Owen Bush, Jeff Gompertz, Leo Fernekes, Feedbuck, Leo Koenig, Gabriella Latessa, Alex Arcadia, Zeroboy, Alfredo Martinez, and others.'] ['The film features John Huston as Jake Hannaford, an aging Hollywood director modeled on Ernest Hemingway. The film opens with narration over the wreckage of Hannaford\'s crashed car, casting doubt as to whether the crash which killed him on his 70th birthday was really an accident. The narrator sets the tone for the film by telling us "This [film] was put together from many sources — from all that footage shot by the TV and documentary film-makers — and also the students, critics and young directors who happened to bring sixteen and eight millimeter cameras to his birthday party..." Just before his death, Hannaford was trying to revive his flagging career by making a "hip, with-it" film in the style of Antonioni, laden with gratuitous sex scenes and violence, with mixed results. At the time of Hannaford\'s party, this film  has been left unfinished after its star stormed off the set, for reasons not immediately apparent to the audience. The film includes extensive excerpts of this film-within-a-film, as well as excerpts of a documentary on Hannaford\'s life. After the titles, we see a screening of some incomprehensible parts of Hannaford\'s unfinished experimental film. The screening is being held to attract "end money" from clearly-unimpressed studio boss Max David . Hannaford himself is absent, and a loyal member of his entourage, the aging former child star Billy Boyle ([[Norman Foster  makes an inept attempt to describe what the film is about. David asks, "Jake is just making this up as he goes along, isn\'t he?" After an awkward pause, Boyle can only reply, "He\'s done it before." Intercut with this scene, we see various groups setting out for Hannaford\'s 70th birthday party at his Arizona ranch, including Hannaford and his young protégé Brooks Otterlake , a young, commercially successful director who has a talent for mimicking well-known celebrities.  One of the people they share their car with is the obnoxious cineaste reporter Mr. Pister , whose flurry of intrusive questions culminates in, "Mr. Hannaford, in the body of your film work, how significantly would you relate the trauma of your father\'s suicide?" and he is thrown out of Hannaford\'s car. Stranded in the desert, Pister hitches a lift on a bus that is taking crew and reporters to Hannaford\'s birthday party. Although there are many journalists in the bus, they are also carrying several dozen life-size clay dolls of Hannaford\'s leading man, taken from the set of the unfinished film. The scene is indicative of the experimental nature of the picture, and includes much overlapping dialogue: a tape recorder belonging to reporter Juliette Riche  playing back Hannaford\'s voice, while a member of Hannaford\'s entourage Pat  reads out an authoritarian anti-hippy diatribe of Hannaford\'s, fellow reporter Pister struggles to thread the tape back onto his reel-to-reel tape recorder, and at the same time, film footage of the scene is rapidly intercut with footage from Hannaford\'s film. Further scenes depict the festivities at Hannaford\'s party, including fireworks, assorted midgets, and a musical number with John Carroll leading a rendition of "The Glow-Worm." Many of the journalists attending are all brandishing cameras, and the film follows the perspectives of individual journalists as they follow Hannaford everywhere, even to the toilet, asking personal questions. In the second half of the film they begin querying Hannaford\'s sexuality and whether he has long been a closet homosexual, in spite of his macho public persona. Each camera\'s footage is displayed in a distinctive style, representing the perspectives of different directors and cameramen. Throughout the film, there is rapid inter-cutting between simultaneous conversations at Hannaford\'s party, so that the viewer hears a few lines of dialogue from one conversation, switches to another conversation, then another, before returning to more of the original conversation.  Several party guests comment on the conspicuous absence of John Dale , Hannaford\'s androgynous-looking, leather-clad leading man in his last film, whom Hannaford first discovered when Dale was attempting suicide by jumping into the Pacific Ocean off the Mexican coast. Meanwhile, guests are shown more scenes from the film in the private cinema Hannaford has at the ranch. The scenes of the film-within-the-film intercut throughout the film include: *A scene set in a Turkish bath, which plays over the opening titles. *John Dale\'s onscreen character pursuing "The red, red Indian"  on his motorcycle, with increasing ambiguity as to which of them is pursuing the other. These scenes involve extensive use of flat landscapes and plains; and tall, high-rise glass skyscrapers, the mirrors and windows of which form various optical illusions reminiscent of the \'hall of mirrors\' scene in Welles\' earlier The Lady from Shanghai.  *A graphic sex scene between Random and Kodar in a station wagon being driven through heavy rain, culminating in the driver of the car  throwing Kodar out. *A sexual dream sequence involving Kodar walking at least partially nude in front of a giant black phallus.  This short scene was directed by Kodar. *The violent death of John Dale\'s character in the film-within-the-film. *A graphic sex scene between Random and Kodar, filmed from below, looking through the bedsprings in the style of Russ Meyer. The scene takes place on a rusting bed in a deserted movie lot. Throughout this scene, Hannaford provides increasingly voyeuristic and intrusive/abusive off-screen direction, prompting an enraged and humiliated John Dale to storm off the set. As the party continues, Hannaford gets progressively drunker. He is washing his face in the bathroom when he tearfully breaks down in front of Otterlake, asking for the young director\'s help to revive his flagging career, and desperately trying to sober up before returning to the screening of his still-unfinished film. A power cut in the middle of Hannaford\'s party interrupts the screening mid-way. The party continues by lantern-light, and eventually reconvenes to an empty drive-in cinema, where the last portion of Hannaford\'s film is screened. Later in the film, Dale arrives at the party. At one point, a drunken Hannaford makes a pass at Dale, and is rebuffed. Hannaford has a history of seducing the wife or girlfriend of each of his leading men, but maintains a strong attraction to the leading men themselves. Hannaford then uses a rifle from his Indian trophy room to shoot several life-sized clay dolls of Dale. This is paralleled by a subplot about the unnamed actress playing "The red red Indian" seducing Dale at Hannaford\'s party and being rebuffed, leading to her shooting at him towards the end of the film. Dale is no longer alive by the end of the film. Having relocated to the drive-in cinema, intrusive journalist Juliette Riche asked Hannaford the most explicit questions of all about his sexuality. At this moment, Billy Boyle stops the film cameras, although with the soundtrack still running, and through a montage of still photos, we gather that Hannaford violently assaults Riche. The film\'s final scene features Hannaford\'s sports car - which he had originally bought as a present for Dale - crashing into the screen of the drive-in cinema, killing him. At the time, the screen had been projecting the end of Hannaford\'s new film, and the sun sets behind it. It is left ambiguous whether his death was the result of drunk driving or suicide. A monologue from Hannaford is heard in voice-over during the final scene: {{quote}} The film concludes as Hannaford\'s voice says, "Cut!"'] ['In December of 2001, Novelist Michael Peterson called to report that his wife Kathleen had fallen down a set of stairs and died. The authorities disbelieved Peterson\'s story that Kathleen had fallen while drunk and concluded instead that Peterson had bludgeoned her to death, most likely with a fireplace poker which was discovered missing from the house. Peterson was soon charged with murder and the film details the ensuing case from the point of view of Peterson and his defense team. During the trial it is discovered that while Peterson was living in Germany a family friend of his died from an intra-cerebral haemorrhage followed by the body falling down stairs after collapsing which resulted in similar head injuries. An investigation by German police and US military authorities concluded that the death was accidental and Peterson ended up adopting the woman\'s two daughters. The prosecution introduced this death into the trial as an incident giving Peterson the idea of how to "fake" Kathleen\'s accident.'] ['The Grandchildren’s Mother is one of the countless stories about AIDS in Mozambique and how it inexorably tears families apart, causing the parents’ death and leaving the elderly to care for the children. A combination of animation and documentary, this film narrates the story of Granny Elisa, whose son and eight wives died, leaving her to care for 14 children.'] ['An opening narration explaining that the film\'s purpose is to examine the "world strategy of food", in terms of its production, distribution and consumption. The film is then divided into three parts: "Food - As It Was", "Food - As It Is" and "Food - As It Might Be".'] ["Three college students drive to the Bluff, an Atlanta neighborhood, intending to buy some drugs from a dealer. One of the students holds a camera with the hope of filming the encounter. They find a dealer named Curtis Snow, who asks them to drive him to his house in order to fulfill their order. Once they arrive, Curtis pulls out a gun, robs them of their purses and camera, and makes a hasty escape. Recognizing the quality of the camera, he hands it to one of his friends, telling him to continue filming in order to capture their day-to-day life in the “hood”. Curtis soon learns that another group of people have encroached on his territory, selling drugs not far from his street. He recruits his friends and robs the rivals of their drug supply. When a friend tips him off to another gang selling drugs nearby, he invades their house with the help of his friend and robs them of their supply as well. While playing at a pool hall, Curtis recognizes one of the rival gang members by his familiar white hat, who likewise takes note of Curtis. The man in the white hat follows Curtis into his territory, asking the locals about him, but the surface threat doesn't faze Curtis and he continues to hustle. On his way back home after cutting the latest stolen product with his crew, Curtis is ambushed in a backyard alleyway by the rival gang members. Luckily the bullet wounds are not fatal and the ambusher's gun jams, allowing Curtis to flee. He collapses in the street nearby, where he is found by a police patrol and subsequently arrested in connection with a prior robbery. After his release from jail, Curtis is anxious to get right back into the drug dealing game. He attempts to get revenge by ambushing the rival gang, but in retaliation, they target his girlfriend and mother of his child. Her death causes Curtis to sink into depression, as he now has to take care of his young son while continuing to deal drugs. Soon after, however, Curtis meets a friend to discuss up-to-date information on a mark. En route to shakedown this dealer, the car that they're in is once again ambushed by rival gang members. Curtis and his crew return fire then give chase only to be intercepted by cops, causing everyone to bail on foot. Returning home after losing the police, Curtis is enraged by the turn of events and ransacks a room, then quietly watches his son play in the debris. The movie ends with Curtis calling a local video editing studio and asking them if they can edit together all the footage he has collected."] ['The film follows 8 of the top high school basketball players in the US at the time of filming, in 2006. The plot centers around the first annual Boost Mobile Elite 24 Hoops Classic at the legendary Rucker Park in Harlem. By 2009, six of the eight players had joined NBA teams. By 2011, all eight players were on NBA teams, with Kyle Singler being the last one drafted and the only one to win an NCAA Championship, which he won while playing for Duke University in 2010.'] ['The documentary asserts that for nearly fifty years, airline passengers and crews have been supplied with unfiltered air to breathe<ref nameSeptember 2010}} taken directly from the engines, and shares how certain political advocacy groups have alleged that this air supply sometimes becomes contaminated with neurotoxins, carcinogens and other hazardous chemicals. The film investigates the supposed cover-up as well as alleged consequences for any passengers and crew that might have been exposed to such contaminates.'] ['This documentary of Frederic Remington reviews how the artist popularized the myths, legends, and images we now call the "Old West." The film was filmed on location where Remington spent time, uses archival film and photographs, and has interviews with art scholars that create a framework to understand his artwork.'] ['A toolmaker wishes to prepare the religious tools of different shapes and patterns in the next four days and make them ready for Ashoora, spending much time and effort. During the film, the process of making religious tools of the mourning ceremonies is shown.'] ["The film focuses on the plight of young poverty-stricken children working in Sivakasi in the late 1980s, and the Government's neglect of them. The children worked in factories famed for producing fireworks and matches. The film takes its name from the nickname of Sivakasi, , a name given to the town for its high technology and business standards."] ['“I’ve come back… I miss my friends, the air in Italy… Here it’s like a prison.” The short sentences of the prologue summarize all the suffering of six migrants who have returned home to the provinces of Khouribga, Beni Mellal and Fkih Ben Salah, the so-called “Triangle of Death”, the main area of emigration from Morocco to South Europe. Often forced to return against their will, they experience the humiliation and frustration of returning to poverty, they are reabsorbed by their families and regret the freedom they won in Europe as women.{{RefFCAAAL}}'] ['The province of Katanga in the south east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo  has huge mineral riches including uranium, zinc, copper and cobalt. These were exploited in colonial times by the Union Minière du Haut Katanga, which was nationalized in 1966 by President Mobutu Sese Seko. Mobutu lavished wealth on his clan, but the mines were soon abandoned, forcing the miners into illegal artisanal workings. More recently new investors have bought into the industry including Indians and Chinese.{{sfn}} Katanga Business highlights the charismatic governor of the province, the populist Moses Katumbi.{{sfn}} It shows the great wealth of the province and the abject poverty of the miners.{{sfn}}'] ['The proceedings of a Paris courtroom are the grist for this documentary. Drawn from over 200\xa0appearances before the same female judge, the director chooses a dozen or so varied misdemeanor and civil hearings to highlight the subtle details of human behaviour. In the process he draws attention to issues of guilt, innocence, policing and ethnicity in France.'] ['Budo: The Art of Killing is a compilation of various gendai budō each demonstrated by famous Japanese martial artists from the late 1970s. The film treats its subject matter with deep respect and demonstrates a great reverence for both Budō and Japanese culture in general. The film begins with Hayashi Kunishiro reenacting seppuku, the ritualistic form of suicide practiced by Japanese samurai during Feudal Japan. This is followed by a demonstration of yabusame and footage of a samurai cavalry battle. The narrator then explains the connection between Budō and its universal symbol—the nihonto. After a demonstration of the effectiveness of the Japanese sword, the audience is shown the techniques developed by Okinawan farmers to combat the sword. Karate-do master Teruo Hayashi then demonstrates Okinawan weapon techniques. The film moves along with further footage of karate-do including makiwara training by Fujimoto  and a demonstration of the nunchaku by Satoru Suzuki, a weapon made famous by Bruce Lee. The film moves to footage of traditional Judo training such as mat rolls, pole-hopping, bunny-hops, and practice of hip throws using rubber bands tied around trees. The film moves on to discuss naginata-do, a budō popular with female martial art practitioners in Japan. Aikido is then demonstrated by Gozo Shioda, the founder of Yoshinkan aikido interspersed with shots of leaves falling into a brook. To emphasize the film\'s theme of "mind and body are one in Budo" the viewer is shown Shinto practitioners fire walking. The film then shows training in a sumo stable with rikishi Takamiyama, where the training shown is both tough and cruel. Scenes of young people practicing kobudo on the beach follow the sumo demonstration as the narrator discusses the succession of Budō to younger generations. The film explains the importance of kata with Teruo Hayashi demonstrating more karate-do kumite. The narrator explains, "... karate training can be both severe and cruel, yet a sword can take away a life with one swing." The film shifts its focus to sword arts with demonstrations of iaido, tameshigiri and kendo by Shuji Matsushita and Tomoo Koide as the narrator discusses the fear instilled by the Japanese sword. The "limitless" connection between Zen Buddhism and Budō is discussed with Shuji Matsushita on the receiving end of a strike from an abbot\'s kyosaku while in zazen. This is followed by a highlight of the film in which Taizaburo Nakamura demonstrating various sword cuts including a shot filmed in slo-motion showing the shocking speed in which a Japanese sword can behead a man . Continuing with a focus on the sword, the film shows the art of traditional nihonto forging by swordsmith Amada Akitsugu, considered a national living treasure in Japan. Budo: The Art of Killing concludes with scenes of Noh as the narrator explains, "As long as the universal truths of heaven, the earth and man remain, the spirit of Budo shall endure."'] ["Today, the formerly-desertic region of Almeria in southern Spain produces one third of Europe's winter consumption of fruits and vegetables and reaps two thirds of the country’s farm profits. This 'economic miracle' in a greenhouse relies on the labour of nearly 80.000 immigrants, half of whom do not have working papers. In a destroyed environment where the air is vitiated by pesticides and ground water is running out, the village of El Ejido illustrates, almost to the point of caricature, this industrial exploitation of men and the land encouraged by globalisation. Driss, Moussaid and Djibril are day-labourers there, working for a pittance and, as is the case with most of their peers, without a working contract. They stay in chabolas, small constructions made of cardboard and plastic, without water or electricity. It is a near-slavery that fills our tables..."] ["The film describes the organization and its history. The film attempts to provide context by discussing Ancient Greek pederasty. It presents a series of interviews with NAMBLA members. They describe their feelings regarding young boys and justifications for these relationships. A camera follows a group of NAMBLA members as they participate in the 1993 March on Washington for Lesbian, Gay and Bi Equal Rights and Liberation. They give reasons why NAMBLA should be included in the gay rights movement, to the disapproval of other attendees. According to a 2002  Intermountain Jewish News article, the July 8, 1994 edition of Newsday reported poet and free speech advocate Allen Ginsberg, NAMBLA's most famous member and defender,"] ["It's the maiden voyage of R Family Vacations, the travel company founded by Rosie and Kelli O'Donnell which specializes in gay family vacations. The cruise starts in New York, New York on July 11, 2004, and sailed along the American east coast, stopping in Key West, Florida and then Nassau, Bahamas. Five hundred families attended the cruise, including LGBT parents as well as non-LGBT people. In the film, Rosie and Kelli's family, along with several other families on the cruise are interviewed, including former Hawaiian NFL star Esera Tuaolo along with his partner and their children. Comedian Judy Gold also makes appearances. When the ship stops in the Bahamas, the cruise members are met with protests from some local Christians, though interviews show that there were many locals who didn't have a problem with LGBT people and did not agree with the action of the protesters. Despite this, the trip continued as normal to the end."] ['The Island of Bougainville is located in the Solomon Islands, but is politically considered a territory of Papua New Guinea. For the last ten years the people of this Island have fought a guerrilla war with salvaged and recovered World War II weaponry against government forces supplied with more modern equipment. The government has instituted a complete economic blockade of the island in addition to an extended campaign of aerial bombardment and violence against its civilian population. Bougainville - Our Island, Our Fight depicts the world of Bougainville residents as they leave their traditional coastal society to take refuge from a dangerous military conflict. An explanation of the conflict\'s causes reveals that the installation of an open cut copper mine at Panguna had initially offered promise of economic prosperity for the region. Bougainville residents eventually determined that the mine project entailed significant ecological damage and social exploitation. Through interviews staged above the now-derelict mine, "Bougainvillians" speak about their initial recognition of the consequences of this mine, the poisoning of their water supply and the degradation of farmlands and jungle habitat. Later scenes show the difficulties which Bougainville residents face due to the naval blockade of their island. The blockade prevents them from receiving medical and humanitarian aid, leading to declining health and appearance of leprosy . The film violated the Papua New Guinea government blockade. It was made at great personal risk to its director, Wayne Coles-Janess who had to be smuggled onto and off the island.{{Citation needed}} It includes the first and only television interview with the BRA President Francis Ona and the defecting Papua New Guinea officer, BRA General Sam Kouna. In the many international film festivals in which it has featured, it has provoked a strong response amongst audiences as diverse as Turkey, the United States, Brazil, and Tunisia It has also been used as a resource by Amnesty International, the United Nations, the Australian Army and the Australian Parliament.'] ["Pilger returns to the Occupied Territories of the West Bank and Gaza where he filmed a documentary with the same title in 1974. He believes the basic problems are unchanged: a desperate, destitute people whose homeland is illegally occupied by the world's fourth biggest military power. He hears extraordinary stories from Palestinians, though most of his interviews are with Israelis whose voices are seldom heard, including the remarkable witness of a man who lost his daughter in a suicide bombing."] ['The film states the War on Drugs has become one of the longestBandow, Doug . "The Longest-Running War". The Future of Freedom Foundation. and most costlyWallace-Wells, Ben . "How America Lost the War on Drugs". Rolling Stone. wars in American history. Texas filmmaker Kevin Booth sets out to prove his claim that the Drug War has failed."What\'s Wrong With the Drug War?". Drug Policy Alliance. Three and a half years in the making, the film follows gang members, former DEA agents, CIA officers, narcotics officers, judges, politicians, prisoners and celebrities. There is also extensive treatment of CIA and Contras cocaine trafficking in the US. The film analyzes imprisoned drug trafficker Ricky Ross, described by a Los Angeles Times reporter as the "Wal-Mart of crack dealing."Chalmers, Robert . "Susan Bell: a shameful secret history". The Independent. After being arrested, Ross discovered through the work of journalist Gary Webb that his cocaine source had been working for the CIA.Gary Webb . Dark Alliance: The CIA, the Contras, and the Crack Cocaine Explosion . Seven Stories Press.'] ['A series of intertwining tales involve "pleasure seekers and pleasure providers" during the course of one night in Geylang, Singapore\'s red-light district. There are three distinct stories, united only by the presence of characters from all the stories in a streetside eatery: *Jonathan, who has yet to lose his virginity, is escorted around Geylang by his army buddy, Kiat, who wants to help his friend make his passage into manhood. The two men visit various brothels, where the touts bestow the various qualities and nationalities of their women, who hail from China, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, India and elsewhere. Jonathan eventually settles on a young Chinese woman whom he envisions being wrapped in a towel. *A teenage girl is called to meet an older prostitute in a hotel room, where the older woman, Linda, is servicing a heavyset older man, who wants to take the younger girl\'s virginity. The girl is followed to the hotel by a young man named Chris. When she goes in the hotel room, Chris sits outside and waits. *A woman in a red dress gets in a convertible with a man. She later shows up at the streetside restaurant and pays a young busker for his "special song", which he doesn\'t end up singing, and instead is taken back to the woman\'s room.'] ['A group of refugees from the Congo are stuck in Rabat, Morocco. The Spanish borderline stops them from entering Europe. In a room on the outskirts of the city they rehearse a theatrical piece based on their own experiences. An imperfect, unfinished staging. Real life and the stage are all mixed together. Apollinaire tells us, face to face, about the never-ending journey with an uncertain ending. Television images show us how many emigrants are expelled into the desert, forced to start their journey once more. Faces whose names are lost. Behind them, the empty spaces of what has already happened. Silent tracks that tell a story the same as ours.'] ["The director uses a wide range of interviews to delve into a very complicated conflict. The story is told in three parts, a brief history, the crimes against humanity and the quest for independence. The history aspect of the story is told by author of Kosovo: A Short History, Noel Malcolm.Noel Malcolm The crimes against humanity aspect is told through Dr. Luljeta Selimi, who created a women's foundation that provides help to women and children who were raped during the conflict.http://www.vajzat.com/ The quest for independence is channeled through Albin Kurti and the VETËVENDOSJE! movement. http://www.vetevendosje.org/"] ['This film focuses on the interrelationships between Deaf culture and language in France. Its overview encompasses a broad range of perspectives, costrasting the stories of a family who has been deaf and thriving for five generations with the story of a woman whose deafness was misunderstood, causing her to be confined for a time in an asylum for the insane. The documentary features hearing-impaired people of all ages and from all walks of life. With their profound deafness in common, the children and adults featured in this film communicate their dreams and thoughts through sign language. In one segment, Philibert focuses his camera on group of schoolchildren who are learning how to communicate in a world where they must read lips and speak words.Nickel, Mark. "Brown to offer French Film Festival at Cable Car Cinema Feb. 10-20," Brown University News Service. February 7, 2000. The personal lives of some of the pupils and various adults are explored, including an actor, a sign-language teacher, and an engaged couple.Harvard Film Archive Cinematheque: In the Land of the Deaf.'] ["The film chronicles the 2000 US Presidential Election aftermath, centering on the contested ballots of the state of Florida. Many Democratic and leftist supporters, campaign workers, and citizens were interviewed regarding the possible exclusion of many valid ballots. According to the film, Secretary of the State of Florida Katherine Harris and her associates used a wide ranging data collection system to prevent ineligible voters  from casting a ballot; the controversy stems from the claims that the data system excluded many people who were eligible to vote. The film offers evidence that many people who share a name and nothing else with an ex-con in a state were denied their right to vote. The cases of mistaken identity were not discovered until citizens reached the polls, when it was too late to prove their identity and correct the mistake. The film then attempts to draw connections among Governor Jeb Bush, Katherine Harris, and the Republican Party , to make the case that they conspired ahead of the election to deny African Americans their right to vote, by exploiting the flawed data system that excludes ex-cons and ineligible voters. Reasoning that African Americans typically vote heavily in favor of Democratic candidates, the Republicans worked to exclude these votes to capture the state's electoral votes, the film argues. Another area of contention brought up by the film is that recounts were only taken in certain counties, not statewide; again, this is suggested to be a Republican tactic due to the evidence presented by the film which claims that the recounts in those counties were vastly different from the original count."] ['{{Magazine}} With the background of Middle Eastern music, the film offers shots of century-old architecture and travels through Tehran, Isfahan and Shiraz. A broad range of Jewish Iranians are interviewed, from an old woman in a hospital to a bright computer science student. Although Jews have lived in Iran for 2,700 years, the 1979 Iranian Revolution pressured most Jews to leave the country. In modern Iran, rampant antisemitism continues to threaten the remaining citizens.  "They’re very open with their insults," says a young Jewish girl exposed to prejudice in Iran. Regarding her treatment by Iranians: "They say we\'re impure — we\'re filthy." Deep-rooted antisemitism is revealed when a beautiful Muslim art student is asked if she has any Jewish friends: she couples her negative response with a coy giggle, claiming that it is "because of the atmosphere Israel has created" that she is not fond of the Jews. When confronted with the point that the Jews in Iran are not Israelis, she simplifies her argument, offering a big smile and saying, "I don\'t know...They don\'t mix with us either. Never." Religious tolerance is also portrayed. In one scene, two mothers, one Jewish and the other Muslim, have been friends since college. Both have raised sons that are now equally as close. The woman laugh about religious prejudice, and the Muslim boy explains his friend\'s Kosher diet by saying, "It\'s his choice. He eats what he wants." When asked, the boys admit that they don\'t really talk about religion; they listen to the same music, attend the same parties, and lazily lounge around each other\'s homes. The two cultures also overlap and feed off each other. In Isfahan, Jewish artist Soleiman Sassoon\'s work is strongly influenced by Iranian art and Islamic architecture. Pointing to his paintings, he explains how he naturally blends religious motifs, such as the Ten Commandments and David\'s prayer, with a traditional Iranian art style. Finally, Farahani travels to Shiraz, where thirteen Jews have been accused of espionage. The evidence against them is circumstantial and built on extorted confessions, leading to the belief that the initial accusations were concocted. Nonetheless, they face death sentences, receiving 2-9 year prison terms.'] ['The film explores the illegal growth, sale and trafficking of marijuana. The film follows host Adam Scorgie as he examines the underground market, interviewing growers, police officers, criminologists, psychologists, economists, doctors, politicians and pop culture icons, revealing how the trade is booming despite being a criminal enterprise. The history of marijuana and the reasons for its present prohibition are discussed, often comparing it to the prohibition of alcohol in the United States in the 1920s, suggesting that gang drug warfare and other negative aspects associated with marijuana are a result of prohibition, not the drug itself. The gangs that grow and traffic the drugs are likened to those that appeared in major U.S. cities during Prohibition, with the intention of profiting from the sale of illegal alcohol. The film answers many questions about marijuana, including the purported health effects of marijuana use, the Gateway drug theory, and what could happen if marijuana was legalized. The film also discusses the medicinal value of the marijuana plant and what the pharmaceutical industry stands to lose from marijuana legalization.'] ['Ditsi Carolino received the Best Director award for the documentary film Bunso  at the OneWorld 2005 documentary films festival held in Prague, Czech Republic. Bunso is about three boys named Tony , Diosel , and Bunso  who are detained in a city jail. There, they share dingy spaces with adult criminals convicted of rape, murder and drug dealing. OneWorld is an international human rights film festival. The Grand Jury honored Ditsi Carolino along with Pirjo Honkasalo for the film Three Rooms of Melancholia, an entry from Finland. In a statement by the Grand Jury, Carolino was noted for achieving "empathy and closeness to her characters who are children held in atrocious conditions in a jail." "Filmed from not above or below their level, the film intermingles humor and despair as the children are allowed to speak for themselves as equals." "It\'s a miracle that we won," Carolino wrote in an e-mail to UNICEF. The film competed against other works with bigger production budgets. "What is also amazing is the very strong responses from the audience. People would stay after a screening and ask how they can help." Directed by Carolino and photographed by Nana Buxani, Bunso was shown in December 2004 on a limited screening. In November 2004, it had its offshore world premiere at the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam in the Netherlands where it was shown as part of the non-competition Reflecting Images section. Carolino and Buxani teamed up for the third time following their critically acclaimed documentary films, Minsan Lang Sila Bata  in 1996 and Riles  in 2002. Supported by the Consuelo Foundation and UNICEF, Bunso is an advocacy tool that child rights advocates are using to generate support for the passage of the Juvenile Justice Bill. Bunso is making the rounds of international film festival. It had sold-out screenings at the HotDocs Canadian International Film Festival in Toronto in April and at the DokFest International Documentary Film Festival in Munich, Germany in May.'] ['The first film in this award-winning trilogy ventures into the rural heart of the African nation of Rwanda. Follow the first steps in one of the world’s boldest experiments in reconciliation: the Gacaca  Tribunals. These are a new form of citizen-based justice aimed at unifying this country of 8 million people after the 1994 genocide which claimed over 800,000 lives in 100 days. While world attention is focused on the unfolding procedures, award-winning documentarian Anne Aghion bypasses the usual interviews with politicians and international aid workers, skips the statistics, and goes directly to the emotional core of the story, talking one-on-one with survivors and accused killers alike. In this powerful, compassionate and insightful film, with almost no narration, and using only original footage, she captures first-hand how ordinary people struggle to find a future after cataclysm.'] ['The film traces the confluence of factors that made the 1979 Peace Treaty between Israel and Egypt possible.http://tvfestival.net/Pressreleaseuk.pdf It reveals that while some, such as Carter, Begin and Sadat, were driven by deeply held ideas of faith and conviction, others were military hawks who in their later years came to see peace as the only viable option; still others saw peace and stability in business terms. Regardless of their motives, these heroes found a way to come together and drive the peace process.http://www.sateliteinfos.com/actu/tp.asp/tp/16735/el-proximo-festival-de-tv-de-monte-carlo-abrira-con-un-documental.html The term "back door channels" has been in use since the early 1950s by government and foreign policy officials and intelligence operatives to refer to alternative methods for communicating across borders by using lines of communication not available to traditional official governmental and diplomatic entities or to covert international intelligence agents. The film contains songs by Moby and his album Wait For Me.'] ['The fifty-minute movie was described as a "point-by-point PowerPoint rebuttal"{{cite news|urlIn a Filmdom Premiere, a Foe for Gore|lastJesse|dateNew York Times|accessdatenyt/>'] ['The documentary reports many controversies surrounding the use and promotion of genetically modified seeds, polychlorinated biphenyls , Agent Orange, and bovine growth hormone. Cases in the United States , Canada, India, Mexico, Paraguay, the United Kingdom and France, are explored, pointing out along the way how the corporation\'s collusion with governments, pressure tactics, suppression and manipulation of scientific data, and extra-legal practices aided the company\'s attempts at dominating global agriculture, according to the documentary. Scientists, representatives of the United States Food and Drug Administration and the United States Environmental Protection Agency, civil society representatives, victims of the company’s activities, lawyers, and politicians are interviewed.The World According to Monsanto National Film Board of Canada In March 2008, French journalist Marie-Monique Robin released the results of her three years of worldwide research into Monsanto. A book was published by La Découverte, a French editor, and a video documentary, Le Monde selon Monsanto , was released on DVD and shown on Arte, the Franco-German culture TV channel.Le monde selon Monsanto from Arte TVThe World according to Monsanto from Google Video It describes numerous controversial facts and allegations about Monsanto. Marie-Monique Robin travelled the world to meet scientists and political figures in order to investigate Monsanto\'s actions, controversy over GM crops, and the effects of the globalization of industrial agriculture on farmers in the developing world. Those interviewed include Shiv Chopra, a Canadian researcher who was fired by Health Canada for revealing an attempted bribe by Monsanto regarding the attempted introduction of bovine growth hormone into Canada. The author of the research met several independent scientists around the world who tried to warn the political authorities about the use of genetically modified seeds. According to Robin, most of these scientists actually lost their jobs as a consequence of their speaking out. The "revolving door syndrome" is also pointed out in the research as a threat to the quality and independence of the scientific conclusions about the effects of Monsanto products, especially those reached by the Food and Drug Administration. Robin travels to India, Mexico, Argentina, and Paraguay to see how Monsanto\'s genetically modified organisms  have affected local farmers using it for their crops. The claim is that suicide rates of farmers in India have increased as farmers are finding it harder to earn a living using more expensive Monsanto seeds that, despite claims, still require specific pesticide and fertilizer . Mexico, having banned GMOs, is trying to limit contamination and crossbreeding from subsidized U.S. GMO corn imported through the North American Free Trade Agreement  for eating. Argentinian farmers are giving up farming and moving to urban slums because they cannot compete with GM crops and are finding their farms, livestock, and children being negatively affected by pesticide runoff. Paraguay was forced to accept GMO crops as it was being imported anonymously and grown en masse, so prohibiting its export would have damaged the economy. In all cases genetic variation is reduced as a result of monocropping and ownership is increasingly concentrated. Monsanto declined to participate in the documentary.  Topics addressed include PCB chemical pollution in Anniston, Alabama, the suppression of scientific studies over the adoption of genetically modified organisms  in Scotland, and the bovine growth hormone controversy. The film makes the case for environmental degradation and declining global food security through the colonization of indigenous land races by transgenic seeds produced by Monsanto.'] ['The Black Candle uses Kwanzaa as a vehicle to explore and celebrate the African-American experience. Narrated by the poet Maya Angelou and directed by author/filmmaker M. K. Asante, The Black Candle is about the struggle and triumph of African-American family, community, and culture. The documentary traces the holiday’s growth out of the Black Power Movement in the 1960s to its present-day reality. The movie won the Africa World Documentary Film Festival 2009 award for best full length documentary.http://www.africaworldfilmfestival.com/awards'] ['This documentary offers the reflections of filmmakers shot at FESPACO 1991. Djibril Diop Mambéty, David Achkar, Moussa Sene Absa, Mambaye Coulibaly, Idrissa Ouedraogo, Mansour Sora Wade... express their faith in the eternity of African cinema.'] ['In the film, South African musicians, playwrights, poets and activists recall the struggle against apartheid from the 1940s to the 1990s that stripped black citizens of South Africa of basic human rights, and the important role that music played in that struggle. The documentary uses a mixture of interviews, musical performances and historical film footage. Among the South Africans who take part are Miriam Makeba, Abdullah Ibrahim, Hugh Masekela, Vusi Mahlasela and others. The freedom songs heard in the film have an important historical context. Particularly in the United States, freedom songs have referred to protest songs of the abolitionist, civil rights, and labor movements. Yet, in South Africa, the songs take on a different meaning, referring to a unique collection of songs tied to the struggle for racial equality during the twentieth century. Stylistically, freedom songs originated in choir as a unifying and prevalent genre that combined southern African signing traditions with Christian hymns. Most of the songs have simple melodies and are sung a cappella. More importantly, they are composed and sung in groups, and often reflect changing political circumstances and attitudes.Olwage, Grant. Composing Apartheid: Music For And Against Apartheid. , 160-161.'] ['The program featured the people behind the strips and animated adaptations, a very brief animated short made in 1980  by Bill Meléndez and Lee Mendelson  featuring jokes from the strips of June 21 and August 2, 1978 and July 7, 1979, a recording session for the upcoming Garfield and Friends series , apart from some footage from it and from Garfield\'s 9 Lives. Also Spanish- and German-dubbed clips of Here Comes Garfield and Garfield Goes Hollywood respectively were shown, apart from an sneak peek for the unproduced feature film Garfield\'s Judgment Day, a rehearsal for the theme song of Garfield\'s Babes and Bullets, and a chat Davis has with Dik Browne , Mike Peters  and Lynn Johnston ([[For Better or For Worse . The last part of the program features the celebrations held for the strip\'s anniversary, most notably the one where fellow cartoonists drew their characters as their "presents", followed by man-in-the-street interviews about Garfield, before the camera shows him and Odie  living the "good life" in Hollywood . Finally, Davis acknowledges the audience before getting off on a Garfield-shaped hot air balloon.'] ['Audience members are given a lesson on how 3-Dimensional movies are made. After being taught about 3-D, patrons are then instructed to put on their 3-D glasses. They are then given a demonstration of 3-D with various objects moving towards the camera, including a ladder, a baseball being thrown and a woman on a swing. Smith narrates each short clip, most being 20 seconds or less.'] ['Herzog and cinematographer Peter Zeitlinger go to Antarctica to meet people who live and work there, and to capture footage of the continent\'s unique locations. Herzog\'s voiceover narration explains that his film will not be a typical Antarctica film about "fluffy penguins," but will explore the dreams of the people and the landscape. They begin at McMurdo Station and interview some maintenance and support workers, as well as iceberg geologist Douglas MacAyeal. They travel next to a nearby seal camp supervised by zoologist Olav Oftedal. Next they join the film\'s composer/producer, research diver Henry Kaiser at his diving camp, and interview cell biologist Samuel Bowser and zoologist Jan Pawlowski. Kaiser and Bowser stage a rooftop guitar concert. Herzog and Zeitlinger return to McMurdo for some more interviews, and visit the preserved original base of Ernest Shackleton. After some brief footage at the South Pole, Herzog interviews penguin scientist David Ainley. This footage includes a shot of a penguin marching in the wrong direction, walking to a certain death in the barren interior of the continent. Herzog and Zeitlinger next visit Mount Erebus, and interview volcanologists. A strange sequence follows which was shot in tunnels deep below the station carved from snow and ice. Various trinkets and mementos, including a can of Russian caviar and a whole frozen sturgeon, are placed in carved-out shelves in the ice walls, and preserved by the extremely cold and dry air. On the slope of the volcano, Herzog and Zeitlinger explore inside ice caves formed by fumaroles. The film next visits the launch of a giant helium balloon used in a neutrino detection project  and features an interview with physicist Peter Gorham. The film concludes with some philosophical words from a maintenance worker, and more footage from the fumarole ice caves and Kaiser\'s dives.'] ["Speaking in Code is an account of people who are lost in music. Director Amy Grill follows a series of characters  over a number of years as some struggle to make it while others thrive in the world of electronic music. The film reveals six intertwined character studies and raw vérité views of new music. It's a window into a world filled with warehouse parties, endless gigs, international travel, risks, inventions, triumphs and breakdowns. The characters are: Modeselektor, a producer duo, jettisoned from playing a tiny room in the US to playing to 20,000 people at the Sónar festival in Barcelona; journalist Philip Sherburne, who leaves America to find a more complete techno lifestyle in Europe; The Wighnomy Brothers, catapulted from their idyllic world in Jena, Germany to face their breaking point on camera; Tobias Thomas of Kompakt, who contemplates the near-end of his career; and Monolake, an inventor of the Ableton software that nearly all electronic musicians use to create their music, who continues his steady yet quirky approach to a life in music. While back in the US, David Day  tries tirelessly to turn Boston from a rock-centric town to a techno city. Day's wanton attempts to make electronic music popular put strain on his marriage to the director."] ["Over the course of a year, film follows Vancouver Pride Society president Ken Coolen to various international Pride events, including Poland, Hungary, Russia, Sri Lanka and others where there is great opposition to pride parades. In North America, Pride is complicated by commercialization and a sense that the festivals are turning away from their political roots toward tourism, party promotion and entertainment. Christie documents the ways larger, more mainstream Pride events have supported the global Pride movement and how human rights components are being added to more established events. In the New York sequence, leaders organize an alternative Pride parade, the Drag March, set up to protest the corporatization of New York Pride. A parade in São Paulo, the world's largest Pride festival, itself includes a completely empty float, meant to symbolize all those lost to HIV and to anti-gay violence.Xtra: Documentary examines Pride, from protest movement to business concern"] ["The 90 minute film uses historical footage and animation. It uses the concerts to tell a broader story of Shea Stadium's history and how that related to changes that occurred in American suburban life and how they affected Long Island and Billy Joel. The film reveals several previously unknown facts."] ["In the late 1980s a few kids in the small, sleepy Southern town of Little Rock, discovered punk rock and the DIY ethic that drove it. Unlike other towns, Little Rock's punk scene was composed almost entirely of junior high and High School kids. Over the next decade, they would book their own shows, start record labels, open record stores, play with national acts and formulate a collective set of ideals. In 1992, they released Towncraft, a compilation album and zine that documented their scene. Towncraft focuses on the roots of the Little Rock scene, how it changed the lives of those involved, the DIY ethos that has shaped the scene for the past 20 years and how the scene continues to thrive outside of the mainstream."] ["The Times of Harvey Milk documents the political career of Harvey Milk, who was San Francisco's first openly gay supervisor. The film documents Milk's rise from a neighborhood activist to a symbol of gay political achievement, through to his assassination in November 1978 at San Francisco's city hall, and the Dan White trial and aftermath."] ["Kareem Samar, Saeed Jaffrey, and Zohra Segal are professional actors who interact with actual inhabitants of the area. Samar portrays a rent collector representing a landlord who was a friend of Merchant and approved the project.<ref name9A0DEED61431F93AA25750C0A960948260 New York Times review] Jaffrey's role is that of an actor whose infatuation with one of the dancers becomes an obsession, and Segal is a retired courtesan who recalls her earlier life when her aunt arranged for her care by a wealthy benefactor."] ["Re-tracing the footsteps of the early Spanish Padres along the historic El Camino Real, the film captures and beauty and essence of these legendary landmarks from the inside out. The film also features many of California's most important events such as the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake and the great California Gold Rush of the mid-19th century as well many of the state's most famous personalties."] ['William Nessen, an American freelance journalist, travels to Aceh, Indonesia to cover the conflict which was taking place there at the time. Shot over a period of four years, The Black Road follows Nessen as he transforms from being an objective journalist to a supporter of the Free Aceh Movement . Nessen, as his collection of footage grew, thought of making a film. This idea would later evolve into The Black Road. Nessen and Marhaban were married in Aceh. Only a few days after the wedding Nessen’s best man, a human rights activist, was kidnapped and murdered by Indonesian security forces.<ref name7417 Reporters sans frontières - Indonesia]{{cite news| urlBBC News | title3 August 2003 | accessdate17277 Reporters sans frontières - Indonesia: Officials deny entry to US journalist who covered war in Aceh from rebels’ side]'] ['In 1846, a large wagon train left Springfield, Illinois for California. In July of that year, following the advice of "The Emigrants\' Guide to Oregon and California" written by a pro-emigration promoter named Lansford Hastings, the Donner party left the main body of emigrants to take a never before tried “shortcut” across the Great Basin. The Donner Party arrived at the foot of the Sierra Nevada, the last mountain pass before California weeks behind schedule and short of food. The first blizzard of the season started only one day before they planned to head up and over the Sierra Nevada. With 95% of their journey already completed, they would be forced to wait months to make the final push, enduring the Sierra Nevada\'s most unfavorable winter in history. The group was trapped on the eastern side of the Sierra for five months, culminating in death and cannibalism. Of the 87 men, women and children in the Donner Party only 46 survived to reach California.'] ['The albatross smiled from the sky/ These were the last souls sacrificed to the sea / Years later, their bodies reached the shore. A young illegal immigrant writes to his mother. He tells her of the torments he and his friends endured during weeks after they attacked the great blue. They departed from Senegal towards Spain in an open boat with 54 souls aboard, but the boat started to drift towards the American continent. It reached Barbados with only eleven passengers, all dead.'] ['The Teamsters\' strike against Overnite began on October 24, 1999. James P. Hoffa had been elected president of the Teamsters in the fall of 1998, and had campaigned on a promise to unionize Overnite and securing a contract for its 13,000 workers. The Teamsters represented only a fraction of Overnite\'s workers, but believed they could use other means to win company recognition of the union. Initially, about 2,000 workers walked the picket line in 12 states. The strike turned violent, however, and both sides accused the other of bribery, spying, intimidation and more. By August 2002, only 300 to 600 workers remained on strike. The Teamsters called the strike off without securing a contract or union recognition.Greenhouse, "Teamsters End 3-Year Strike Against Trucker Without Contract," New York Times, October 26, 2002. American Standoff focuses primarily on two Teamster members and a staff organizer and how they are affected by the strike. However, the film roves over the entire United States, visiting Memphis, Atlanta, Chicago, Boston, and Las Vegas. The strike is placed in the context of Hoffa\'s struggle to secure his political base within the Teamsters\' union. Hoffa not only faced political attacks from union reformers but also from other union leaders who believed they could unseat the newly-elected president in the 2002 election.Greenhouse, "Bitter 6-Month Strike at Overnite Poses a Test for Teamsters\' Chief," New York Times, May 7, 2000. The internecine struggle for power in the Teamsters limits the effectiveness of the union\'s response, although Hoffa appears to emerge stengthened.Ross, "INTERVIEW: Behind The Strike Lines: \'American Standoff\' Director Kristi Jacobson Chronicles the Teamsters," IndieWire, June 7, 2002. The film concludes in mid-2001, with the strike still lingering, workers increasingly disenchanted, and the union struggling to find an acceptable exit strategy.'] ['Flock of Dodos examines the disagreements that proponents of intelligent design have with the scientific consensus position of evolution.{{cite news}} Olson also unsuccessfully tries to interview school board member Connie Morris and members of the Discovery Institute.'] ['Through audio interviews and montage sequences, LSD 25 is the travelogue of a young Nova Scotian woman\'s trip to Montreal in 1995, and the pyschotronic meltdown which she underwent there. Stephanie Preyde herself eloquently and unflinchingly narrates the film, describing the cumulative effects of the copious amounts of acid she took during that summer, the ongoing and Byzantine delusions which she suffered , the repudiation of her physical self, her eventual institutilization and journey to "normalcy." In this experimental documentary—set to a trippy acid jazz score—Preyde faces the ongoing repercussion of her trips: a possible misdiagnosis of bipolar disorder instead of temporary acid psychosis, and ironically, lifelong reliance on prescription meds.'] ["What began with an accidental glance over a written piece on the pheasantry’s eventual replacement took shape into a full-length documentary film. Dhodial Pheasantry, beyond everything else that it has done for conservation, and pheasant conservation in particular, put Pakistan on the map. The documentary aims at one thing alone - to leave its viewers with facts that allow them to decide for themselves whether it is Hazara University or Dhodial Pheasantry that is faced with an unjust inevitability. Adding a spiritual element to this film that investigates the nature of conservation is the story of Welsh ecologist Robert Whale. Robert Whale's decision to get married and stay back in Pakistan is an important element of the story being told. He made a deal with God, that if he caught a glimpse of the infamous Western Tragopan on film, he would embrace Islam. Now known as Rab Nawaz, he converted to Islam in 1998. Furthermore, the documentary unravels the on-going conflict of the pheasantry’s re-location to alternate land such as the Jaba Sheep Farmhttp://nwfp.gov.pk/Agriculture/AttDept/Dairy.php, in order to accommodate Hazara University’s eventual expansion. The farm’s director, Dr. Ghufranullah, has made clear that their livestock exceeds 600. The land that they have is enough only to cater to their own needs, as opposed to accommodating the needs of Dhodial Pheasantry as well. Hazara University wants to give preference to humans over birds. It is aiming for an eventual student count of 20,000 along the course of the expansion. Chief Conservatorhttp://nwfp.gov.pk/GoServices/NewsDetails.php?NewsId=110 of the Wildlife Department, Dr. Mumtaz Malikhttp://www.mardan.com/id105.html is concerned with the process of shifting habitats. Sometimes, birds can die as a result of tremendous stress level, which is incomparable to human stress level. Another huge issue is reports that the poultry farm that used to exist at the Jaba location earlier experienced bird flu and other diseases. As a result, entire flocks of poultry were wiped out. This is reinforced by the Zareef Khan Foundationhttp://www.zkf.org.pk/’s president, Abid Zareef, whose NGO works for education empowerment. He maintains that there is the risk of transmission of both sheep and pheasant diseases. There is more danger in the spreading of diseases as there are no crosswinds because the location is surrounded by hills. The film exposes all sides of the issue with a variety of stakeholder perspectives that sheds light on both the advantages and disadvantages of this inevitable relocation."] ["The six-hour, multi-part film series, examines the evolution one of America's popular and enduring music forms from its origin in Appalachia to its current status across the United States and the world. The film is a comprehensive journey through the history of American country music as told by the performing legends of the past and the performing stars of today. Included are record producers, song writers, country radio DJ's, and others who laid the foundations of country music and those who stand at its apex today.  * The Birth of Sound * Singing Cowboys and Western Swing * Honky-Tonk Kings and Queens * The Nashville Sound * Folk Revival * From Rockabilly to Rockin' the Country"] ['At the outset of the movie, Nanu emerges from the cave where she was born along with her brother, just born as well, and their mother. The two polar bear cubs play in the snow for a while until returning to their snow cave. The next day, the cubs start learning from their mother how to survive in the wild. One of the first things they find out by watching their mother is to stay away from grown male polar bears who are apt to kill them. Seela is shown in the water just after birth with her mother and "Auntie" who helps protect the walrus calf during her early life. For her first life lesson, Seela is taught how to hoist herself onto an ice floe from the water without any help except watching her mother do the same. During this time, Auntie watches for predators. When a male polar bear comes along and starts swimming towards the walruses, Seela and her mother try to get away from him, but must rely on Auntie\'s help to stave off the polar bear\'s attack. Next for the polar bear cubs is learning how to hunt for food. Their mother teaches them how to hunt for a fur seal by stamping down on the ice where she can smell the seal in a small cave underneath. After one failed attempt diving into the water, the mother gets the seal by this stamping method, so her cubs and a fox trailing them can eat the meat. Meanwhile, the young walrus feasts on clams for three days with the rest of its herd on a clam bed they might revisit in another five years. The two animals then take similar paths. They have to travel because shorter winters mean ice that freezes later and melts sooner, making it harder to survive and eat as the water of Arctic Ocean expands. Interestingly, male polar bears pose a threat to both of the main creatures, as the cubs have to navigate around him and the walruses try to get away from being prey. After Nanu\'s brother dies, Nanu has to leave her mother earlier than is customary because of the changing climate conditions, but she still has trouble finding food on her own. Eventually, she finds a male bear who has killed a walrus, identified as Auntie, and aggressively persuades the male to let her share on the feast. Finally being attracted to animals of the opposite sex, Nanu finds a mate whom she is seen playing with on screen. Seela waits until a particular male walrus\'s song appeals to her before diving into the water to meet him. Arctic Tale closes with the cycle being complete, as Nanu gives birth to two cubs of her own and Seela gives birth to a female calf.'] ['Maija DiGiorgio is a naive New York comic whose therapist recommends a video diary as a means of examining her self. Maija\'s borderline psychotic ex-boxer boyfriend, Kenny Simmons and director of photography, Jody Del Giorno sees a means to instant stardom. Maija, searching to find answers to the meaning of life and art, the answers for art and artific, allows Kenny to impose his "vision" onto her film. Before long, the three  are criss-crossing the country, interviewing celebrities under a parade of false pretenses. In one famous incident, Kenny makes the cover of The New York Post after a confrontation with Jerry Seinfeld.'] ['The film begins with an interview with Tompa, a friend of Kenta and Stoffe. He tells how he grew up in orphanages and juvenile prisons. He says that freedom hardly exists for him. But one thing is he sure of, the time he spent with Kenta and Stoffe and the other mods were the most enjoyable time of his life. The interview cuts to Kenta and Stoffe running through the streets of Stockholm filmed with a fisheye lens. Later we see them walking around at the subway station T-Centralen in Stockholm. They meet friends and go around begging people for food, beer and cigarettes. The workers who are passing by get ridiculed by Kenta and Stoffe. Another friend of the guys, Jojje, talks about how alcohol will destroy them in time. But that he doesn\'t worry much about it right now. The filmmakers have fixed a small apartment for Kenta and Stoffe which is a big difference for the guys who previously slept outdoors or at others. Kenta and Stoffe talk about their childhood. Stoffe\'s father drank himself broke and died in hospital. Kenta\'s father tried to strangle him with a tie. But Stoffe also remembers that he thought it was fun to play at home when he was little. We see the two guys go to "4:an", a club for young people. Stoffe likes to be with many girls, but tells Eva, who he sleeps with, that he wants her for himself. Kenta and Stoffe make a musical performance, where they play a song by The Zombies. It is now winter and a trip to Hedemora in Dalarna undertaken in the company of Hasse. They plan to visit Stoffe\'s childhood friend Ingmar. On the train they drink beer, smoke pot and make jokes. The mood is high. But they can\'t stay in Hedemora, the difference from Stockholm is too big, because Stoffe thinks nothing happens in Hedemora. In Stockholm there is Peter, who earns 400 kronor a day by selling drugs, and Lunkan who got hepatitis from an infected hypodermic syringe. It\'s summer and Kenta and Stoffe are not working and have nowhere to live. Their friendship is being worn down. Kenta doesn\'t think Stoffe is a good friend anymore. Not since he started seeing Eva. One night the guys goes searching for empty stairwells to stay in, but they start arguing and Stoffe leaves. Kenta finds an empty stairwell and lays himself down, opens up a beer and starts reading a cartoon magazine. The same night Stoffe gets taken care of by the police.'] ['During the dive the aquanaut examines various fish species, plays with dolphins and explores an old wreck. Thereby he also gets into dangerous situations.'] ['American Job is a narrative film about Randy Scott , a youth caught in the dismal confusion of living and working in the world of minimum wage. The film follows Randy through a number of low-paying, menial jobs including fast food dishwasher, custodian, telemarketer, and factory worker. It highlights the sheer boredom of minimum wage work and is a slightly comical and occasionally depressing look at what life is like in the US minimum wage arena.http://web.archive.org/web/20080501133521/www.americanmovie.com/amjob/index.html'] ["Kasparov had beaten Deep Blue, a computer designed specifically to beat him, in a match played in 1996. In the second game, Kasparov was struggling with the black pieces, but set a trap that most computers fall for. The next three matches ended in draws, with Kasparov appearing to weaken psychologically. Deep Blue went on to win the decisive sixth game, marking the first time in history that a computer defeated the World Champion in a match of several games. From this experience, particularly the second game of the match, Kasparov accused the IBM team of cheating. He suspected that a human player was used during the games to improve the strategic strength of the computer. As a metaphor for this suspicion, the film weaves in the story of the Turk, a hoax involving a chess-playing automaton built in the eighteenth century, but secretly operated by human beings. The film also implies that Deep Blue's heavily promoted victory was a ploy by IBM to boost its market value."] ['A group of American Tourists go to India in search of enlightenment. The main character in the film is group leader Laurie Handlers, a larger-than-life guru from New York City who practices and teaches tantra and leads a small group of travelers on their first trip to India. The film is a classic mythical journey with the characters learning from their travels. Although superficially the film may appear to be a mockumentary, all participants are real people and nothing was staged in the filming. As such the film can be termed a fly-on-the-wall film and has been compared to This Is Spinal Tap for its outrageous and hilarious characters.'] ["Episodes of violence and hardship have made travel to the region both hazardous and difficult in the years since Turnbull's departure. On their way north from Kampala, Soling's crew encountered both friendly tribesman and armed militia, eventually reaching the Ik after many experiences."] ['Starting in 2003 Spike Jonze and his frequent collaborator Lance Bangs began to film a series of interview with author Maurice Sendak. Sendak spoke about his youth, family, thoughts on death, and his career and some of the controversies that came from his books Where the Wild Things Are and In the Night Kitchen.http://www.avclub.com/articles/tell-them-anything-you-want-a-portrait-of-maurice,34257/'] ['Crime, drugs, HIV/AIDS, poor education, inferiority complex, low expectation, poverty, corruption, poor health, and underdevelopment plagues people of African descent globally. 500 years later from the onset of slavery and subsequent colonialism, Africans are still struggling for basic freedom. Filmed in five continents, and over twenty countries, 500 Years Later engages the retrospective voice, told from the African vantage-point.'] ['The documentary chronicles General William Tecumseh Sherman\'s historic "March to the Sea" through Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina during the fall of 1864. It shows Sherman marching 62,000 Union troops over 650 miles in less than 100 days, and losing only 600 men along the way. The march introduces a new concept to the already brutal Civil War: total war, where the distinctions between combatants and civilians is blurred. While hated by white Southerners as a destroyer, Sherman is hailed by black Southerners as a liberator. It ends with Union victory and closes with Sherman as an old man living in New York and fondly remembering how his "nephews" and their "uncle Billy" would make ten miles a day. The documentary utilizes state of the art production techniques including CGI, special effects and historical re-creations. It relies on historical reenactors to play Sherman\'s soldiers and all dialogue is in fact quotes from historical sources: letters, Sherman\'s memoirs, diaries, etc. The documentary features a psychological profile on Sherman, stating that in the months leading up to the Civil War he was accused of being insane and that he contemplated suicide. Bill Oberst, the actor playing Sherman, states in a behind-the-scenes featurette that while the general will always be a controversial figure, he hopes that the documentary will shed light on why the man did what he did. It emphasizes that Sherman was loved by the enslaved blacks whom he freed and that while he did not see himself as fighting to destroy slavery, he nevertheless made a point of treating blacks whom he meet with courtesy and respect.  The documentary also mentions that Sherman killed far fewer Confederate soldiers and civilians than did Ulysses S. Grant, his friend and fellow general, yet Sherman was the one vilified. The scholars interviewed postulate that the South had need for a scapegoat in the wake of the Civil War and that Sherman was the easiest target. For his part, Sherman is stated to have seen himself as only doing his duty and that he did not care what people said about him one way or the other.'] ['Terry Jones first journeys to Africa, where bones have been discovered with notches in them. However, there is no actual way of knowing if they were used for counting. Jones then discusses the Ishango Bone, which must have been used for counting, because there are 60 scratches on each side of the bone. Jones declares this "the birth of one"; a defining moment in history of mathematics. He then journeys to Sumer. Shortly after farming had been invented and humans were starting to build houses, they started to represent 1 with a token. With this, it was possible for the first time in history to do arithmetic. They would enclose a certain number of tokens in a clay envelope and imprint the number of tokens on the outside. However, it was realized that you could simply write the number on a clay tablet. To explore why the development of numbers occurred here and not some other place, Jones travels to Australia and meets a tribe called the Walpri. In their language, there are no words for numbers. When an individual is asked how many grandchildren he has, he simply replies he has "many", while he in fact has four. In Egypt, the numeral system provides a fascinating glimpse of Egyptian society, and it went something like this. One was a line, ten was a rope, a hundred a coil of rope, a thousand a lotus, a symbol of pleasure, ten thousand was a commanding finger, and a hundred thousand, a number that the Sumerians would never dreamed of, was a million{{Clarify}}; the first ever million. The symbol for it was a prisoner begging for forgiveness. The Egyptians had a standard unit, the cubit, which was instrumental for building wonders such as the pyramids. Terry Jones then journeys to Greece to cover the time of Pythagoras. Jones discusses with mathematician Marcus de Sautoy Pythagoras\' obsession with numbers, his secret society, his dedication to numbers, the Pythagorean theorem, and his flawed belief that all things could be measured in units. Archimedes was also in love with numbers. He tried to see what would happen if you took a sphere and turned it into a cylinder. This concept would later be applied to map making. Archimedes lived in Syracuse which at the time was at war with Rome. Archimedes was killed by a Roman soldier while working on a mathematical problem. The Romans were not interested in maths, and as a result mathematics declined. The Roman numeral system was clumsy and inefficient. One reason that Terry Jones theorizes might be the reason, was the fact that the numerals that the Romans used were basically the old-fashioned lines of the Ishango bone. Jones discusses India\'s invention of a more efficient numeral system, including the invention of the concept of zero. He explains how the concept traveled West to the Caliphate. Then it arrived in Italy where it met fierce resistance. The reason for this was because most people were familiar only with the Roman numerals and not the superior Indian numerals. Eventually, the Hindu-Arabic numerals displaced the Roman ones. Jones discusses finally how Gottfried Leibniz invented the binary system, which is the foundation for modern digital computers. He planned on building a mechanical computer to use this system, but never followed through with the plan. Leibniz was convinced that 1 and 0 were the only numbers anyone really needed. In 1944, a computer called Colossus was used to crack enemy codes during World War II. Computers like Colossus evolved into modern computers, which are used for every type of number calculation.'] ["Lyngstad began her musical career as a big band jazz-oriented vocalist. Frida performed as a solo artist both before and after her time with ABBA. This DVD was released on November 15, 2005, the same day as Lyngstad's 60th birthday.Reference from Universal Records and Frida the DVD"] ['In Canada, George is a statistician. But in China, George is Elvis... Chairman George is a documentary feature about a Greek-Canadian troubadour who refuses to live anything but an extraordinary life. ln Ottawa, Ontario, George is a statistician who lives with his mother. But every few months, he takes an extended leave from his job and heads to China where he metamorphoses into an international man of culture. Armed only with his bouzouki, guitar and cellular phone, he becomes a star in China  singing Greek songs in Chinese. He concludes that since he is "the only Greek in the world who can sing in Chinese," it is his duty to perform at the closing ceremonies of the Athens 2004 Summer Olympics, as the torch is passed from Athens to Beijing organizer of the 2008 Summer Olympics.Eye-SteelFilm official synopsis'] ['In 1994, the small town in Holtville, California near the Mexican border was rocked by the brutal murder of 14-year-old Andrea Hines at the hands of 13-year-old childhood friend Adan. Over the course of three years, Los Angeles documentary filmmaker Constance Jackson went to Holtville to interview dozens of people including family members of the teenagers involved - in an attempt to somehow make sense of this act. Through extensive use of interviews, re-enactments, dramatizations, animation, media coverage, and family archives, Blitz Attack: The Andrea Hines Story Parts I and II are compelling and detailed in the account and history leading up to Andrea’s tragedy and its enduring legacy.'] ['It starts with their initial deployment from Port Moresby on board a US plane called the Honeymoon Express, then covers their flight over the Owen Stanley Range and Kokoda Trail to an airstrip at Dampu in the Ramu Valley ten miles from the frontline. The eight troops them march through the Ramu Valley to Shaggy Ridge in the Finisterre Range – which the foreword claims was the nearest point to Tokyo reached by Allied troops. Some of the film was shot under fire. En route the patrol encounters enemy fire from a Japanese machine gun crew in a bunker and enemy sniper, which the Australians kill. Then they take part in a battle to take Shaggy Ridge.Program listing at National Film and Sound Archive'] ["The story begins in the mind of Cashril Plus,http://www.cashrilplus.co.za/ a twelve-year-old animator and son of graffiti artist Faith47. Through Cashril's eyes, we see his mother paint the streets and forgotten townships haloing Cape Town. Weaving through the lives of Faith47, Warongx ,http://www.myspace.com/warongx Emile Jansen ,http://www.tarahenley.com/2005/11/emile-jansen-and-black-noise.html Sweat.X ,http://sweatx.bandcamp.com// Blaq Pearl http://www.blaqpearl.co.za/ and Mthetho ,http://independentmediachannel.tv/video/36/mthetho-mapoyi-and-siviwe-sije the film culminates in an intertwined story. Born into separate areas of a formerly-segregated South Africa, the artists recraft history -- and the impacts of apartheid -- in their own artistic languages. The lens reveals the impulse behind the artists’ social consciousness, the individuals’ eccentricities, and each creator’s unique form of expression. Diving into the current of subversive art which fuels South Africa’s many clashing and merging cultures, The Creators brings into focus the invisible connections among strangers' disparate lives -- and the creative expression used to traverse the divide. The result is an intimate, refreshing, and deeply revealing portrait of those remolding the legacy of apartheid.http://www.thecreatorsdocumentary.com"] ['Doug Hitzel, a young man, reveals that after a year of unsuccessful dating he gave in to unprotected sex in an attempt to fit in; he is then seen crying. Kenboy, another young man, explains he moved to an LA sex house with sex parties and was relieved to finally catch HIV; from then on he would not have to worry about getting it or not, or using a condom . He now runs a barebacking website, and is physically ill. A group of older men, who did not get HIV on their own volition, explain how they lost a lot of their friends and lovers to HIV, and how they do not want a relationship because they do not want their boyfriend having to bury them too. They also talk about the medication they take, and about the side-effects - namely cardiac attacks, which seem to have replaced direct death from the virus. Advertising for prevention is also exposed for being too positive and showing images of attractive men with AIDS.'] ["The Eyes of Thailand tells the true story of Soraida Salwala's 10-year quest to help two elephant landmine survivors, Motala and Baby Mosha, walk again after losing their legs in landmine accidents. Along with Soraida's efforts to care for the injured elephants and ultimately help them to walk again, the film also highlights the dangers posed by landmines.http://eyesofthailand.com/"] ['"Of all the human passions, the appetite for domination is the most inebriating"  The ultimate "African King, Joseph Désiré Mobutu was one of the most enduring and tenacious dictators to rise to power as a result of the Cold War and the decolonisation. November 1965. With the help of the CIA, Mobutu launched a coup d\'état and seized power in the former Belgian Congo. He renamed the country Zaïre and imposed on his people a peace based upon fear, violence and repression. In less than 25 years, this young sergeant of the colonial army became one of the richest and most feared men in the world. He sided with the West and built a pyramid of autocratic, predatory power, underpinned by money. He handed out favours and disgrace, and wielded absolute rule over the ruins of a country ravaged by corruption,. Mobutu, King of Zaïre is the story of one man\'s exceptional destiny, founded on ambition and grandeur, betrayal and cowardice, a character worthy of the great Shakespearean tragedies.'] [' Our Disappeared / Nuestros Desaparecidos is director Juan Mandelbaum’s personal search for the souls of friends and loved ones who were caught in the vise of the military and “disappeared” in his native Argentina during the 1976-1983 military dictatorship. The film is a personal journey into the past to reflect on the political and personal contexts that led so many young people to fight for a more just Argentina. After finding out that Patricia, a long lost girlfriend, is among the “desaparecidos” Mandelbaum returns to Argentina to find out what happened to her and others he knew who also disappeared. As he revisits the dreams they shared for a revolution that would transform Argentina he grieves the tragic losses and examines his own choices: not signing up with any of the radical groups at his university and leaving Argentina in 1977 at the height of the repression, to escape the pervasive climate of fear. Using extraordinary archival footage, Mandelbaum brings the energy and tension of the time and place to life. In this return voyage to Argentina’s past Mandelbaum learns much about his friends’ tragic stories, and about his own. Now we can hear from three generations affected by the state of terror, and the passage of time allows for deeper reflections. Thirty years after the military coup Mandelbaum explores what happens when brutal regimes attack the fabric of a country with great impunity, causing enormous suffering that lasts for generations. The pain that seemed so distant is still very much present.'] ["This film shows how Allende managed to be elected in Chile and brings hope to a part of the population by enforcing socialist measures. It also explores Richard Nixon's policies and his orders to the CIA  concerning Allende during his election campaign."] ["Besides a long glittering river some men raise a pole. A tent balloons up. Where there was wide sand and the sound of water lapping, there is now a truck, chairs, hoops, stools, ropes, goats, a lioness, a pair of fat girls, some bicycles, and an old man with a philosopher's dignity, putting on white paste. Across a dirt road, the circus truck comes to a village. The tent goes up. Schoolboys run to the ten. Village women come and watch an acrobat roll a hoop across a tightrope. A lion leaps from the edge of one stool - across darkness - on to another stool. A gap-toothed old woman gazes at a goat on a tight rope; her eyes are wide with curiosity. For three days the cicrus makes small ripples in the life of this village. Municipal permits are required. At a toddy shop, a soldier befriends the circus strongman; a pump attendant sits on a rock each day watching a village girl bathe and dry her hair. The dwarf brings back to the circus a watermelon larger than his head. In the film's three days, we, the viewers, learn the geography of the village: the banyan treewith leaves like transparent film, the shining water, the light on the sand at sunset. When the circus leaves the village, it leaves us. The narrative says: The circus comes and leaves; life goes on."] ["The film shows Christmas 1940, in the middle of the Blitz. Christmas traditions are depicted in juxtaposition with a wartime backdrop: Christmas trees are dug up for air raid shelters; housewives buy food for the Christmas dinner; theatres stage pantomime productions; schoolchildren produce handmade Christmas cards. People are shown celebrating Christmas while sheltering in the London Underground, accompanied by a carol sung by the choir of King's College, Cambridge.{{cite web}}"] ["This documentary from Robin Shou -- who also hosts and participates in the film -- takes a behind-the-scenes glance inside the stunt industry of Hong Kong, which is known for being riskier and less trick-oriented than its American counterpart. In addition to archival and interview footage featuring some of the industry's most prominent stuntmen, Red Trousers - The Life of Hong Kong Stuntmen incorporates scenes from Lost Time  in an effort to illustrate how stuntmen prepare for and ultimately perform in modern martial arts films."] ['The film centers around the Sex Pistols 1978 tour of the United States which ended with the group breaking up. The tour was the only one the group played in the U.S. Film director Lech Kowalski followed them with handheld cameras through the clubs and bars of their seven-city Southern tour. Mixing this with footage of other contemporary bands, trends in the fashion capitals, and punks of all shapes and colors, Kowalski created a grainy, stained snapshot of a movement at its peak,<ref name http://www.tvguide.com/movies/doa/review/132669 | title  2008-02-22 | work  TVGuide.com }} showing how certain authority figures saw the movement as a threat.{{cite web |urlavg&sqlD.O.A.: A Right of Passage |accessdateUnterberger |firstReview |publisher"dvdmaniacs.net-doa" /> This indie film was shot mostly in bars and clubs on 16mm film, and documented early years of punk from both in front of and behind the stage.'] ['Shot in and around Willis\' native Chicago area, the documentary simply shows footage of Willis\' daily life with his songs serving as the soundtrack. Willis appears unkempt, morbidly obese and mentally unstable. His songwriting technique is shown as he visits a local Kinko\'s dressed sloppily and barefoot, and types expletives and repetitive bestiality references on a computer as lyrics and prints the document. His songs deal with subjects such as praise for celebrities that he had met or admired, reports on bands that he had seen, stories about violent confrontations with superheroes, and expletive-packed rants at his mental "demons". Willis says music helps him silence the discouraging mental voices, but his fan following comes from people who find his songs humorous.{{Who}} Many of his compositions are very similar, a fact that is highlighted by scenes of him recording songs such as "I Whipped Superman\'s Ass", "I Whipped Spider-Man\'s Ass" and "I Whupped Batman\'s Ass", which are overlaid to highlight their similarities. Willis also visits a zoo, overdubbed with one of his many songs about bestiality. Towards the end Willis is shown playing with his band, the Wesley Willis Fiasco. Several of Willis\' friends are interviewed, among them recording engineer Steve Albini. They reminisce over how they met Wesley and how they feel about him. Generally they are all sympathetic of his plight and it is stated he would likely be deceased if he had not cultivated such a network. One friend describes Willis\' poor upbringing , and touchingly, Willis\' own despair at his condition: "I\'m already doomed. I can\'t find a girlfriend, I can\'t do a goddamned thing."'] ["In the spring of 2003, the filmmakers Jason Russell, Bobby Bailey, and Laren Poole traveled to Africa to document the War in Darfur. Instead, they changed their focus to the conflict in northern Uganda, Africa's second longest-running conflict after the Eritrean War of Independence. The documentary depicts the abduction of children who are used as child soldiers by Joseph Kony and his Lord's Resistance Army . This film centers around a group of Ugandan children who walk miles every night to places of refuge in order to avoid abduction by the LRA."] ["A Summer in the Cage is filmmaker Ben Selkow's feature length documentary chronicling his friend Sam's battle with manic-depressive illness. The film follows Sam for seven years as he suffers delusional manic episodes, battles paralyzing depressions, and tries to escape the legacy of his bipolar father who committed suicide when Sam was eight years old. By showing the difficult emotional impact of being bipolar on Sam, his family, and the filmmaker, A Summer in the Cage puts a human face on an illness that affects millions of American families. But as this dramatic story unfolds and finally reaches an explosive standoff, it also becomes a unique tale about friendship and the ethical responsibilities of a documentary filmmaker."] ["In Fat Head Tom Naughton questions the claims and ideas expressed by Morgan Spurlock in the film Super Size Me, in which Spurlock ate nothing but food from McDonald's for 30 days. Naughton, who examines the nutritional information in McDonald's menu, is skeptical of Spurlock's doctor's statement that Spurlock was consuming 5,000 calories a day, and is unable to obtain Spurlock's food log from Spurlock's representatives.  Naughton also criticizes his inference from Super Size Me that consumers are unaware that fast food is high in calories, and argues that no one is forced to eat fast food, as fast food restaurants merely cater to consumer demand, and that if fast food restaurants did not exist, people would satisfy that demand by eating the same food at other restaurants or at home. Naughton also questions Spurlock's claim that his 30-day diet resulted in signs of addiction, in light of the fact that Spurlock apparently had no difficulty in ceasing eating fast food at the end of his experiment. Naughton addresses Spurlock's argument that the current prevalence of obesity cannot have been caused by home cooking or by non-corporate, family-owned restaurants, since they have been around longer than corporate fast food chains. Naughton says that the food people eat at family-owned restaurants is the same unhealthy food eaten at fast food chains, and that the reason the former did not make people obese is because during his generation's youth, families would only eat at them a handful of times a year, and not frequently, as some people do at fast food restaurants. Naughton and his interviewees says that anti-McDonald's sentiment is motivated by anticonsumerism, the desire by lawyers to sue rich corporations rather than family restaurants of comparatively modest means and paternalism by advocacy groups like the Center for Science in the Public Interest. Naughton challenges the notion that the United States is experiencing an obesity epidemic by pointing out that the Centers for Disease Control, which made that assertion in 2004, recanted it the following year. Naughton also questions the use of the body mass index to calculate whether someone is overweight, pointing out that according to the BMI, he himself is considered obese. The documentary also focuses on the science and politics behind the nutrition recommendations given by the U.S. government, largely based on the lipid hypothesis, which Fat Head claims is in error on all three of its main propositions. The film claims that the lipid hypothesis has no basis in scientific fact. According to the film there has never been a single scientific study that has linked a high fat diet to increased rates of heart disease. During the film several doctors and dietitians were interviewed and they all stated that according to the latest research in heart disease it is inflammation and not a diet high in saturated fat that causes heart disease and heart attacks, some of whom say the inflammation is caused by high blood sugar. During the film, Naughton goes on an all-fast-food diet, mainly eating food from McDonald's. For his daily dietary intake, he aims to keep his calories to around 2,000 and his carbohydrates to around 100&nbsp;grams per day, but he does not restrict fat at all. He ends up eating about 100&nbsp;grams of fat per day, of which about 50&nbsp;grams are saturated. He also decides to walk six nights a week, instead of his usual three. After a month eating that way, he loses 12 pounds and his total cholesterol goes down. At the end of his experiment, Naughton details an additional experiment inspired by his research into the lipid hypothesis. In this second experiment, he cut out all sugars and starches from his diet for a month, and ate things like cheeseburgers without buns, eggs and bacon fried in butter, steaks, Polish sausage, Egg McMuffins without the muffins when he traveled, fruit in heavy cream and green vegetables covered in butter. He used coconut oil to fry onions for his cheeseburgers and shredded cheese as his favorite snack. As a result, Naughton says his energy level and mood suffered no deleterious effects, despite often working until 2am on a large programming project with a tight deadline. At the end of that month, his overall cholesterol dropped from 222 to 209, and his LDL dropped from 156 to 130, and his HDL increased from 49 to 64."] ["Filmed at the 2004 Cat Fanciers' Association International Cat Show, in Houston, Texas and in other locations in Houston, Wolf Blitzer, Monica Lewinsky , and Spider-Man. There were others by other names that were owned by other people featured in the documentary, but they were not focused on as much as the celebrity-named ones listed here."] ["On February 22, 1882, the S.S. Illinois docked at the foot of Federal Street on the Delaware River in South Philadelphia. Among the passengers on board were 225 European Jewish refugees, most of whom settled nearby. By the close of World War I, a little over 40 years later, South Philadelphia was home to over 100,000 Jewish immigrants, making it the second largest Jewish neighborhood in the United States. However, the thriving community didn't last long. Soon after World War II, the Jews began moving to other parts of the city and surrounding suburbs. By the beginning of the 21st century, the Jewish community of South Philadelphia had almost completely vanished. Using a mix of interviews, archival photographs, home movies and present day footage, Echoes from a Ghost Minyan documents a once thriving neighborhood by illuminating the lives and perceptions of those who once lived, worked and worshipped there, including the filmmakers themselves."] ['  The documentary follows the lives of an Inuit, Nanook, and his family as they travel, search for food, and trade in northern Quebec, Canada. Nanook, his wife, Nyla, and their baby, Cunayou, are introduced as fearless heroes who endure rigors "no other race" could survive.'] ["In 1996, Mark Borchardt, a blue-collar suburbanite, dreams of being a filmmaker. However, he is also an unemployed, deeply-indebted, borderline-alcoholic who still lives with his parents and is estranged from his ex-girlfriend, who is threatening to revoke custody of their three children. He acknowledges his various failures but aspires to one day make more of his life. In an attempt to jump-start his amateur film making career, Mark restarts production on Northwestern, a feature-length film Mark has been planning for most of his adult life. Initially, the project attracts some interest from the group of amateur actors with whom Mark produces radio plays, but by the fourth production meeting, almost no one shows up and Mark is forced to acknowledge that he currently lacks the resources to ever move Northwestern past the pre-production phase. In an attempt to drum up the attention and financial resources needed to film Northwestern, Mark decides to finally complete Coven, a horror short that he began shooting on 16mm film in 1994 but ultimately abandoned. Mark receives financing from his uncle Bill, a wise but increasingly senile eighty-two-year-old retiree who lives in a dilapidated trailer despite having nearly $300,000 in his bank account. Bill hesitantly agrees to invest in Coven with the goal of selling three thousand VHS tapes, which he hopes will raise enough capital to finance Northwestern. Mark re-starts production on Coven but suffers numerous mishaps. Although he is hard-working and knowledgeable about film making, he is also poor at planning ahead and inarticulate as a director. Additionally, Mark builds his production crew out of friends and neighbors, many of whom are incompetent at the tasks to which Mark assigns them. Particular attention is given to his best friend  Mike Schank, a recovering alcoholic and drug addict who is in charge of scoring Coven. Although the two bonded over their shared alcoholism, Mike has coped with his own addictions by joining Alcoholics Anonymous and by becoming a compulsive gambler; in between work on Coven, Mike goes to the gas station to buy lottery tickets, sometimes accompanied by his AA sponsor, who then drives them both to Gamblers' Anonymous meetings. As production goes forward, Mark faces the skepticism of his family and his own burgeoning alcoholism. At Thanksgiving dinner and, later, a family party to watch Super Bowl Sunday, Mark gets drunk and becomes aggressive to his family and friends, and his girlfriend briefly leaves him. Later, a wistful Mark watches amateur footage he shot of Northwestern in 1990 and contemplates whether or not he is a failure. Mark finally wraps production of Coven and it premieres at a local theater in 1997. Mark's family and friends are happy that the project has finally been completed. In the final scene, Mark goes to visit Uncle Bill and discusses the prospects of future fame and wealth. Bill responds by advising Mark to focus on spiritual matters and bringing happiness into other people's lives. Closing text reveals that Bill died later in 1997, and left Mark $50,000 in his will to help finance Northwestern."] ["The women all candidly speak about the hardships they have been through, about their present and what they expect for the future. Gladys Gutiérrez fought against the Joaquín Balaguer regime along with her husband Henry Segarra. After her spouse mysteriously disappeared, she was exiled and was relocated to Paris, France; and there she kept being vocal about her disapproval of the Dominican government. Because of this, she was subjected to many death threats after her fellow militants were murdered. Josefina Padilla was the first woman candidate for Dominican Vice presidency. Before that she was one of the most notable opponents in Rafael Trujillo's dictatorship, which resulted in her harassment from government officials, and the murder of her husband 'Papito' Sánchez. Tomasina Cabral was brutally tortured during Trujillo's regime, she was the only known woman to have been subjected to that treatment at that time. She was also the friend who accompanied the Mirabal Sisters trough their time in jail. Sina discloses how she copes with the past, and how she still stands for human rights after what was done to her. Dedé Mirabal is the second and only surviving sister. Many describe her as 'The one that lived to tell the story'. She does not only speak about her sisters and the grief of losing them, she also expresses herself, and her own life. She fills in about what happened before and after her sisters' death, being joyful and also moving. Mary Marranzini accounts for the difficult moments when her son fell ill from polio, and she had to fly to the United States for him to get the treatment he required. After that, she decided to look for people who would help her build what is now The Dominican Rehabilitation Association which she has been running since 1959. Ivelisse Prats was the first woman in Latin America to be elected president of a political party. She is a proud member of the Dominican Revolutionary Party , nonetheless, she still harshly criticizes the corruption that some of the members enable and permit. She describes, as they all do, her family life. The loss of her mother at 17, and her marriage shortly after; how she fell ill from depression, tuberculosis and anorexia after a long period of work excess and fasting so she could be able to feed her children."] ['Jamal and Enayatullah are Afghan refugees in a camp in Peshawar, Pakistan. They travel to Quetta, and thence to Taftan on the Iranian border. They pay people smugglers to assist them over the border; on their first attempt they are stopped by Iranian police and returned to Pakistan, but their second attempt is successful. They travel to Tehran and then to Maku, in the Kurdish part of Iran, from where they cross a mountain range on foot to Turkey. In Istanbul they meet a group of other migrants, and they are taken to Italy inside a shipping container. The container is not ventilated, and most of the refugees, including Enayatullah, are suffocated to death. Jamal survives and lives in Italy for a time. He then steals a woman\'s purse and buys a rail ticket to Paris. From there, he goes to the Sangatte asylum seekers camp and with a new friend, Yusef, he crosses the channel by stowing away on a lorry. Finally, he arrives in London, where he calls his uncle to say he has arrived but that Enyatullah is "not in this world". The film ends with images of the Peshawar refugees.'] ['Jean-Michel is narrating about the ocean. As he starts talking about coral reefs, Dory starts bothering him by entering the frame. The scene then cuts to an anemone that Nemo and Marlin come out of and Jean-Michel sighs for not being able to do his documentary. The scene cuts to real Cuttlefishes, which Dory tries to speak to. When Jean-Michel tells Dory to stop it, the scene cuts to a live Spanish dancer. This makes Marlin think of dancing, and soon all three animated fish are dancing to some music. This infuriates Jean-Michel so much that he yells "Stop!" and proceeds to make a quick rant about the water cycle, concluding that "Everyone, everywhere, affects the ocean!". Dory expresses amazement, and at first Jean-Michel is satisfied, but when it is revealed that she was listening to the Echo inside a Conch shell, Jean-Michel loses his temper and starts ranting in French. For a few seconds, a cartoon still image of Cousteau appears while Musak-style music plays, on a title card which reads "Please Stand By." When Jean-Michel comes back, he has calmed down. He talks with the three fish about coral that have suffered from coral bleaching, while the whitened coral appears on screen. The next topic is coral reproduction. Dory frantically swims to each new egg to say "Happy Birthday", Marlin paternally covers Nemo\'s eyes, and Jean-Michel talks about how there are so many eggs that even the hungriest fish cannot possibly eat all of them. He concludes by talking about how we must all work to preserve the beauty of the coral reef. Suddenly, Nemo and the other two fish interrupt him, inadvertently summarizing the message of the entire film during their arguing. Jean-Michel gets mad again, and the camera cuts to him aboard his boat at night. Jean-Michel mutters that "this would have never happened to Papa." He then bids the viewer farewell. Before the credits, Nemo tells the viewer about Jean-Michel Cousteau\'s website: oceanfutures.org.'] ['From the Sundance Program Description: "With the Internet surpassing print as our main news source, and newspapers going bankrupt, ... Page One chronicles the media industry’s transformation and assesses the high stakes for democracy ... The film deftly makes a beeline for the eye of the storm or, depending on how you look at it, the inner sanctum of the media, gaining unprecedented access to the New York Times newsroom for a year. At the media desk, a dialectical play-within-a-play transpires as writers like salty David Carr track print journalism’s metamorphosis even as their own paper struggles to stay vital and solvent, publishing material from WikiLeaks and encouraging writers to connect more directly with their audience. Meanwhile, rigorous journalism—including vibrant cross-cubicle debate and collaboration, tenacious jockeying for on-record quotes, and skillful page-one pitching—is alive and well. The resources, intellectual capital, stamina, and self-awareness mobilized when it counts attest there are no shortcuts when analyzing and reporting complex truths."{{cite web|urlwhat  to doc, 2011 Sundance Docs in Focus: PAGE ONE: A Year Inside the New York Times | authorStories and issues * Publication of Afghan war logs by WikiLeaks * Release of the iPad * Bankruptcy of the Tribune Company * NBC Universal merger with Comcast * The Jayson Blair scandal * Judith Miller * Gawker and its "Big Board" * Pro Publica and new models for investigative reporting * Charging for news online * Watergate and the Pentagon Papers * Staff cuts in Network News and coverage of the White House * The end of U.S. combat operations in Iraq'] ['The book chronicles Evans\' rise from childhood to radio star to film star to production chief of Paramount Pictures to independent producer, his marriage to Ali MacGraw, his downfall including his 1980 cocaine bust and implication in the murder of Roy Radin, aka "The Cotton Club Murder", his banishment from Paramount Pictures, and his return to the studio in the early 1990s. A revised edition of the book, published in 1995, adds several chapters of new material, including material on his projects after his return to Paramount Pictures. The film version, released in 2002, utilizes Evans\' narration interspersed with film footage from films such as Love Story, The Sun Also Rises, Rosemary\'s Baby, Chinatown, and The Godfather, along with interviews and photographs from Evans\' life, to tell the story from his discovery by Norma Shearer for Man of a Thousand Faces, to his return to Paramount Pictures. Many elements from the book, according to the commentary by directors Burstein and Morgen on the DVD, such as Evans\' childhood and his other marriages  were dropped because they felt that it did not move the story along. The title comes from a line attributed to studio head Darryl F. Zanuck, who was defending Evans after some of the actors involved in The Sun Also Rises had recommended he be removed from the cast.'] ['Movie business is a powerful magnet for the inhabitants of Ouarzazate, Morocco. Many are those who dream of making it and getting rich thanks to the film industry, but it is just a decoy. Their salaries are still meager, and they make just enough to survive, even when they get real roles in major budget productions. The documentary follows in the footsteps of a young man who worked with Brad Pitt on Babel. Even so, he still lives modestly in the hills near Ouarzazate. The majority of people around the world look at the films as a way of entertainment or as a means to enrich one’s culture. For others, the film actors are very lucky and rich just because they are famous. Whereas, there are a kind of people who look at the films in a different way because they consider them like manifactories that provide work and therefore insufficient money to the poor workers – actors... Behind the Tichka mountains, especially in the city of Ouarzazate and around, many professional actors, who didn’t went for courses in acting schools, give the impression while whatching them in famous films that they have wonderful palaces like those where they act… Yet, the reality is something different .. This documentary follows the life of Maher, a child who waits for film productions to arrive to work as an actor. When he gains his modest salary, he goes for paying the room rent and gives the rest to his mother… He, of course, denies what he needs for himself as a child and that for the sake of his small family… The documentary, also, presents a woman who successfully performs her roles ; but, she is not lucky because though she plays important roles, they pay her as an extra… Another example is an old man who has started building his modest house since 1962 when he played a role with the famous Italian director Pier Paolo Pasolini. After each film in which he works, he adds a wall or a door to his house which hasn’t been finished up to now… The documentary, moreover, looks for Boubker, who performed an important role with Brad Pitt in the famous film Babel and tries to shed light on the paradox in which this young actor lives. People think that Boubker lives like the famous Hollywoodian actors since he was invited to the international festival of Cannes as a great actor ; however, the reality is that he is still living among mountains and needs help to achieve his dream to speak good English and to be a great actor in future… The Silence’s Echo therefore, re-shoots these actors’ roles in the international films for which they work in a way that turns the positions upside down to give a voice to the muffled and to create an image to the obscured faces. it sheds light on the psychological, social, and financial state of the poor actors and extras to widen their space in the existence…'] ["Documentary filmmaker Ben Mittleman turns the camera on himself when confronted with the same open-heart surgery that derailed his father's life. A quest for truth, Dying to Live gives public exposure to his own fears about mortality. In the same year Mittleman's wife Valerie and mother Anne each struggle with their own life-threatening illnesses. And, it's these affairs of his heart that contain the soul of Dying to Live. A love letter to Valerie, Dying to Live reveals the raw realities of Mittleman's fight to survive and heal the women who love him. With a rare humor and spirit, an ordinary man struggles deeper into adulthood.http://www.dyingtolivethemovie.com"] ["Since the age of nine, Sebastian Telfair has been a well known player on the basketball courts in his hometown of Brooklyn. Now entering his senior year of high school, Sebastian is determined to get his team, the Lincoln Railsplitters, to their third straight PSAL championship title. He is also faced with the decision to either attend The University of Louisville or make the jump from high school to the NBA in order to provide for his family and get them out of the projects of New York City. Telfair's environment also plays a big part in his life. He deals with a death and having the entire neighborhood depending on him to be next in the line of great New York point guards."] ['Can madness be described? Is it possible to express the pain that it entails? In 1994, when she was about to fall prey to her illness, Khady Sylla met Aminta Ngom, who exhibited her madness freely, without fear of provocation. During her years of suffering, Aminta was her window to the world.'] ['From the official website : FESTED: A Journey To Fest 7 is a documentary film about the yearly punk music festival held in Gainesville, Florida simply called The Fest. It was filmed over two weeks spent in Gainesville around Fest 7 in 2008. The film follows Gainesville\'s SPANISH GAMBLE  and friends on their quest to play and experience the epic weekend-long festival that has been called things like "punk rock christmas", "a big, drunk, punk rock, bearded, tattooed family reunion", and "the last true home of punk rock". In the spirit of Penelope Spheeris\' Decline Of Western Civilization series, FESTED features interviews, performances, and who-knows-what from over 20 bands... The artwork for the DVD was designed by Craig Horky, who also designed similar artwork for Spanish Gamble&#39;s debut album, &#34;It&#39;s All Coming Down&#34;. There are about 20 bands in the film either performing, being interviewed, or having a recorded track included: 10-4 Eleanor, American Steel, The Anchor, Dear Landlord, The Falcon, The Flatliners, Fleshies, Grabass Charlestons, Hour Of The Wolf, Lagrecia, LaSalle, The Lawrence Arms, New Mexican Disaster Squad, None More Black, Off With Their HEads, OK Pilot, Paint It Black, Spanish Gamble, Static Radio NJ, Tiltwheel, and Umoja Orchestra. Throughout the film the band Spanish Gamble plays a leading role, though at the time they were known as Dirty Money. The film was principally shot by Reese Lester and Tyler Neil, with National Underground also contributing some of their concert footage from The Fest.AMP Magazine interview with director Reese Lester'] ['According to Sicko, almost fifty million Americans are uninsured while the remainder, who are covered, are often victims of insurance company fraud and red tape. Interviews are conducted with people who thought they had adequate coverage but were denied care. Former employees of insurance companies describe cost-cutting initiatives that give bonuses to insurance company physicians and others to find reasons for the company to avoid meeting the cost of medically necessary treatments for policy holders, and thus increase company profitability. In Canada, Moore describes the case of Tommy Douglas, who was voted the greatest Canadian in 2004 for his contributions to the Canadian health system. Moore also interviews a microsurgeon and people waiting in the emergency room of a Canadian public hospital. Against the backdrop of the history of the American health care debate, opponents of universal health care are set in the context of 1950s-style anti-communist propaganda. A 1960s record distributed by the American Medical Association, narrated by Ronald Reagan, warns that universal health care could lead to lost freedoms and socialism. In response, Moore shows that socialized public services like police, fire service, the United States Postal Service, public education and community libraries have not led to communism in the United States. The origins of the Health Maintenance Organization Act of 1973 are presented using a taped conversation between John Ehrlichman and President Richard Nixon on February 17, 1971; Ehrlichman is heard telling Nixon that "...the less care they give them, the more money they make", a plan that Nixon remarked "fine" and "not bad". This led to the expansion of the modern health maintenance organization-based health care system. Connections are highlighted between Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , the lobbying arm of the largest drug companies in the United States, lobbying groups in Washington D.C., and the Congress. Hillary Clinton, a champion of the Clinton health care plan, is shown as a crusader for change, appointed to reform the health care system in the United States by her husband, newly elected President Bill Clinton. Her efforts are met with heavy-handed criticisms by Republicans on Capitol Hill, and right-wing media throughout the country, who characterize her plan as the harbinger of socialism. When she is defeated, her punishment is to "never speak of it again while in the White House." Seven years later, her silence is rewarded, as she becomes a Senator for the State of New York, a victory made possible in part by money from the health care industry; she is second only to Rick Santorum as the Senate\'s highest recipient of health care industry campaign donations. In the United Kingdom, a country whose National Health Service is a comprehensive publicly funded health care system, Moore interviews patients and inquires about in-hospital expenses incurred by patients, only to be told that there are no out-of-pocket payments. Moore visits a typical UK pharmacy, where pharmaceuticals are free of charge for persons under 16 or over 60, and subsidized in most cases for everyone else; only a fixed amount of £6.65  per item on a prescription was charged, irrespective of cost to the NHS. Further, NHS hospitals employ a cashier, part of whose job is to reimburse low-income patients for their out-of-pocket travel costs to the hospital. Interviews include an NHS general practitioner, an American woman residing in London, and Tony Benn. In France, Moore visits a hospital and interviews the head of obstetrics and gynaecology and a group of American expatriates. Moore rides with the "SOS Médecins", a 24-hour French medical service that provides house calls by physicians.{{cite news}} Providing only their names and birth dates, the volunteers are hospitalized and receive medical attention. Before they leave, the 9/11 rescue workers are honored by a local Havana fire station. Finally, Moore addresses the audience, emphasizing that people should be "taking care of each other, no matter the differences". To demonstrate his personal commitment to this theme, Moore decides to help one of his biggest critics, Jim Kenefick. According to a blog posting, Kenefick feared he would have to shut down his anti-Moore website because he needed US $12,000 to cover the costs of medical treatment for his sick wife. Not wanting the U.S. health care system to trump Kenefick\'s ability to express his opinion, Moore sends Kenefick the money "anonymously". This film ends with Moore walking towards the United States Capitol with a basket full of his clothes, sarcastically saying he will get the government to do his laundry until a better day comes for the sick and hopeless who are unable to receive health care.'] ['In an exploration of the abstract and the extreme, Second Nature is an examination of the natural boundaries of the human body. Noah Sakamoto, Patrick Rizzo and J.M. Duran star as the test subjects as they wield skateboards and blue suits to race down the roads of the High Sierras in California.'] ["The film documents the 1957 San Francisco Actor's Workshop production of the Samuel Beckett's play Waiting For Godot which was performed live before inmates at San Quentin Prison. The film also examines a 1953 performance of Godot by inmates at the Luttringhausen Prison in Germany, providing new scholarship material on those performances."] ["The film stars Bryant “HairKutt” Johnson, director Elliott, Maurice Bradley, and Anthony Dorsey as four friends from St. Louis, Missouri, who travel to a remote cabin in the Smokey Mountains of Tennessee. Their plan is to spend a week together to help Hairkutt kick his 15-year addiction to heroin. Hairkutt longs to kick his heroin addiction in order to finally care for his daughter and to realize his dream of running his own hair-cutting business. His friends, particularly Curtis Elliott, want to help him, so they travel to a cabin in Tennessee, cover its carpeting with plastic sheeting, and prepare restraining ropes on one of the beds. Hairkutt will attempt to kick the habit cold turkey. It is stated that 99% of attempts to quite heroin cold turkey are unsuccessful. The first night unfolds, and the tough love of Hairkutt's friends quickly reaches new depths. He writhes in agony, night after night, and as his friends care for him and joust with him verbally, the question is whether this will be Hairkutt's deathbed or a springboard to a new life."] ['A stationary camera looks diagonally across a racetrack toward the infield showing the horses as they pass. Once the horses have passed the camera it is clear that the race has come to an end and there is a close finish between three horses. Once the race is over police officers run onto the field. The camera also displays various members of the audience moving around.'] ["The Panero is an illustrious traditional family from Astorga with literary links extending for generations. The patriarch, Leopoldo Panero, was the best regarded poet in Spain during his time. He died suddenly of a heart condition in 1962. Twelve years later, his widow, the still beautiful and elegant Felicidad Blanc, in the company of two of her sons Juan Luis and Michi, is shown in a outdoor homage to the late poet. Felicidad Blanc, with a calm and cultured voice, tells about the memories of her youth during the Spanish civil war and her courtship with the famous poet. A medical's doctor daughter from Madrid's upper middle class, she became upon her marriage a traditional Spanish wife completed overshadow by her dominating famous husband. She dedicated her life to her husband, their three sons and the family home in Astorga. The death of her husband brought the family's economical decline and she was forced to sell family properties while raising her sons alone. The three brothers, all cultured and well spoken had literary ambitions. The two eldest Juan Luis and Leopoldo Maria became distinguished poets in their own right. Juan Luis and his younger brother Michi discuss the family's troubles, but as a rivalry exist between Juan Luis and Leopoldo Maria they do not share screen time. Juan Luis, ironic and scathing, talks about his travels, his friends in literary circles including Jorge Luis Borges, reserving his resentment for his family. His relationship with his father was distant. Michi, the youngest sibling, began many careers without finishing any. He seems unable to find his place in life. Ultimately was the middle brother, Leopoldo Maria, who achieved literary recognition as a poet following in the footsteps of his father. His success only cemented the rivalry with his resentful older brother. However Leopoldo Maria is also the most troubled of the three brothers. The siblings, like their father and many relatives, have problems with alcoholism to which Leopoldo Maria added drug addiction, periods in jail for his leftist activities, any many stays in psychiatric clinics. He is featured in the documentary as talkative young man brooding because of his early convalescence and psychotic episodes. However, he displays a clear insight and black humor about his destructive own life and his dysfunctional family. Leopoldo reserves his resentment towards his mother who interned him in a mad house after a failed suicide attempt. Felicidad Blanc recounts multiple visits to her troubled son in jail, her efforts and failures raising her sons among the economic family decline. With a more romantic view of the past, but admitting her failures, Felicidad defends herself from the attacks of her two youngest sons."] ['The film follows three aspiring screenwriters as they struggle to turn their scripts into movies.{{cite news}} {{Dead link}} David is a hip talent agent\'s assistant with three scripts circulating around town. He\'s plugged into "young Hollywood" - and when he\'s not working or writing, he\'s usually hanging out at the beach. Joe is a middle-aged family man who has split time over the last three years between caring for his autistic daughter and writing what he believes could be the great American screenplay. And Deborah is trying to become one of the few African-American women to ever write and direct a feature film, though she\'s struggling just to pay her bills while she searches for money to produce her script. Between these stories, the film intercuts critical insight from such Hollywood screenwriters as James L. Brooks, Nora Ephron, Carrie Fisher, Gary Ross, Steven E. de Souza, Ed Solomon, Paul Guay, Larry Karaszewski and Scott Alexander.Creative Screenwriting magazine, January-February 2006, "Daniel Snyder Documents the Dream," p. 16.'] ['Details on the film’s plot are sketchy. A 1959 review of the film that appeared in the British trade journal Kinematography Weekly claimed that Lugosi played a "vampiric doctor who experiments on young women in order to bring back to life his lovely wife." The review states the film incorporates clips from films made earlier in Lugosi’s career, with footage featuring the Bowery Boys and "some of the great favourites of yesteryear."'] ["A group of ordinary women in Liberia, led by Leymah Gbowee, came together to pray for peace. Armed only with white T-shirts and the courage of their convictions, they demanded a resolution to the country’s civil war.African Women Development Fund Under Leymah Gbowee's leadership, the women managed to force a meeting with President Charles Taylor and extract a promise from him to attend peace talks in Ghana. Gbowee then led a delegation of Liberian women to Ghana to continue to apply pressure on the warring factions during the peace process.Center for American Progress They staged a silent protest outside of the Presidential Palace, Accra, bringing about an agreement during the stalled peace talks. Asatu Bah Kenneth is featured in the film. She is currently Assistant Minister for Administration and Public Safety of the Liberian Ministry of Justice.http://unmil.org/1article.asp?id1 At the time, she was president of the Liberia Female Law Enforcement Association, and inspired by the work of the Christian women's peace initiative, she formed the Liberian Muslim Women's Organization to work for peace.United Nations Radio Working together, over 3,000 Christian and Muslim women mobilized their efforts, and as a result, the women were able to achieve peace in Liberia after a 14-year civil war and helped bring to power the country's first female head of state."] ['The film is the story of Alassane’s mother, who has been waiting for her husband for 20 years. It is also the story of his sister, who also waits for her husband who left five years ago, and his niece, who does not know her father. After a two-year absence, Alassane Diago returns to Agnam Lidoubé, a Senegalese village in the Fouta region, to try and understand why and how his mother has spent all these years waiting.<ref nameCissokho|first‘’Les Larmes de l’émigration’’ en compétition officielle au Festival du film francophone de Namur|url11 March 2012|dateAgence de Presse Sénégalaise|locationFrench}} His camera technique captures the inner beauty and strength of the characters.{{cite web}}'] ["This documentary was filmed over the course of a yearhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0496301/ and shows 5 of Dolly's most avid fans as they follow her career. Dolly Parton's upbeat attitude, sense of humor, and great talent allow her to inspire fans across the country. The film is made up of interviews, footage of daily life, trips to Dolly concerts, and pilgrimages to Dollywood, the Dolly Parton theme park. The film documents the ways that Dolly's fans exhibit not only their adoration for Dolly, but also their need to be close to her, literally following her career as they travel to as many venues where she makes appearances as possible. For the Love of Dolly shows that fandom can give meaning to some people's lives, but it can also overwhelm the lives of others."] ['The film theorizes a conspiracy upheld by big government through money control by citing books as Tragedy and Hope by Carroll Quigley, Philip Dru: Administrator by Edward M. House, The Strawberry Statement by James Simon Kunen and The Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels. The film is summarized in seven conclusions: # There is a conspiracy among some of the richest people in the non-communist nations and that its power is protected by their respective governments. That it is perpetuating its wealth by creating money out of nothing. # In the USA it is perpetuated through the Federal Reserve system. That although it appears that the executive branch controls them it is in fact the other way around. # The capitalist conspiracy in the USA surfaces in the Council on Foreign Relations that influence on the public through television, education and press. # The capitalist conspiracy opposes communism only on the surface because it needs the illusion of a foe. And because the chaos byproduct of the managed conflict advances its own goal of totalitarian world government. A tactic called "pressure from above and below" laid down in Edward M. House\'s novel Philip Dru: Administrator deliberately create problems and frightful domestic and foreign conditions and provide solutions that result in publicly accepted government expansion at the expense of personal liberties and national sovereignty. # There is "much evidence indicating" that both the capitalist and communist conspiracy is directed by a single master conspiracy that may have continuity with The Illuminati, but that this historical question is not as important as what can be done about it. # The reaction to the conspiracies should be to dismantle the big government and localizing schools and police. # That the root of the evil is that money is created out of nothing. The solution is to reduce the power of the Federal Reserve and returning to the gold and silver standards and thus preventing anyone, in or out of government, to manipulate the money supply. Exposing the conspiracy to public view, by circumventing the establishment\'s channels of mass communication, would cause it to collapse.'] ["There are mainly two kinds of rock festivals: the usual ones and the adventurous-creative ones. The former present music, which everyone already knows. The others got their finger at the pulse of time and put their ear into niches and near boundary zones. They point out up-to-date trends, present upcoming musicians and bands, make new musical experiences and discoveries possible. The Klangbad festival at Scheer near Sigmaringen, South Germany, certainly belongs to this category and is the real festival insider's tip for open ears. The sleepy, pittoresque appearing village invites you to a musical provocative, avantgardistic-innovative journey, packed with surprises, crossing various genres. Far away from the nowadays usual chart monotony and the artistic mainstreams, international artists meet local bands, which indeed differ in style, popularity and stage experience, but comply anyhow in one concise criterion: The love to authentic, expressive music. Filmmakers Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios in their film portrait the festival in the style of other Direct Cinema films, such as, Monterey Pop."] ["Dad Made Dirty Movies chronicles Stephen C. Apostolof's rise from Eastern-European fugitive to producer and director of sexploitation films in the 1960s and 1970s, his turbulent relationship with infamous Ed Wood and his downfall in the late 1970s with advent of hardcore pornography."] ['Shark and Yuto are on a road trip around Australia, surfing, smoking and drinking. They meet up with Kimiko and the mysterious Gunja Man before driving to many Australian landmarks.Bondi Tsunami'] ['Praised by critics as one of the best films of the year, The Elephant in the Living Room takes viewers on a journey deep inside the controversial American subculture of raising the most dangerous animals in the world, as common household pets. Set against the backdrop of a heated national debate, director Michael Webber chronicles the extraordinary story of two men at the heart of the issue – Tim Harrison, an Ohio police officer whose friend was killed by an exotic pet; and Terry Brumfield, a big-hearted man who struggles to raise two African lions that he loves like his own family. In the first of many unexpected twists, the lives of these two men collide when Terry’s male lion escapes its pen and is found attacking cars on a nearby highway.'] ['A child of the Beat Generation, Gérald Leblanc conjoined urban-ness and American-ness, wandering and belonging, far beyond the boundaries of taboo. In so doing, he helped propel Acadia into the modern era.Desription section on documentary by NFB site'] ['The documentary chronicles the artist Chuck Connelly as he struggles with his temperament, alcoholism, and disillusionment with reality. These factors culminate in the alienation of gallery owners, collectors, and his wife; serving to depress Connelly further. The documentary details the tragedy of the fallen artist as he fights to maintain his dignity and integrity in the face of a world that refuses to accept him.'] ['Townes Van Zandt was a well regarded and influential musician and songwriter. The film covers some of Van Zandt\'s time spent in Houston, Texas, where he began his musical development,Lamble, David . "Downwardly mobile" East Bay Area Reporter. Retrieved 2010-05-31. though according to the film\'s DVD commentary, much was excluded from the early years, when he met many of his early influences and life long friends , and developed his musical skills in the city\'s folk and country scene in the late 60s and early 70s.{{cite video}}'] ['{{unreferencedsection}} and then back to the beach where she was born. But her chance of survival is low. Each season, two million loggerhead turtles are hatched but just one in ten thousand turtles will return safely to lay their eggs. {{Citation Needed}}'] ['"A hospital room, a drip... At his sick father\'s bedside, in a final, silent showdown, Rachid B. recalls his strongest memories, those which, in the course of his life constructed him or drove him to the worst. From his childhood in Morocco to recollections of his homosexuality and rejection of Christianity, right up to his recent conversion to Islam, he gives an honest account of his life, his wanderings, and the splits that have marked it." {{imdb title}} The film tells the story of his life, that he was never able to share with his father, and is "A powerful exploration of desire and of ones own identity."Programme Visions du réel 2011, page 28 http://www.visionsdureel.ch/fileadmin/presskits/2011/seances_speciales/VDR_Programme_2011_web_web.pdf'] ['The film follows Stephanopoulos and Carville at first during the New Hampshire Primary and then mostly in Little Rock, Arkansas at Clinton Campaign Headquarters. The film follows several key 1992 Campaign events such as the Clinton Campaign\'s attack on "Read my lips: no new taxes", the Gennifer Flowers scandal, the New Hampshire primary upset and others as they played out inside of the Clinton 1992 Campaign. The documentary uses many media headlines from the day, including media coverage of the election and other news stories such as Ross Perot\'s presidential exit and re-entrance, among other topics.'] ['The documentary follows the life of 11 male prostututes over the course of a year, recounting their struggles to survive alcohol and drug-related addictions, abuse and stigmatization – and, their troubled pasts. Trapped in a vicious circle of prostitution and drugs, they pursue their lives, realizing their prospects for the future are dim.'] ["With contributions from over 50 politicians, scientists, and environmental activists, including former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, physicist Stephen Hawking, Nobel Prize winner Wangari Maathai, and journalist Paul Hawken, the film documents the grave problems facing the planet's life systems. Global warming, deforestation, mass species extinction, and depletion of the oceans' habitats are all addressed. The film's premise is that the future of humanity is in jeopardy. The film proposes potential solutions to these problems by calling for restorative action by the reshaping and rethinking of global human activity through technology, social responsibility and conservation."] ["The film is about the work of Save the Children, a British-based charity working for children around the world. This film looks at examples of the charity's work in England and Africa - the Starehe Boys Centre and School in Kenya. The account is critical of what it sees as attempts to keep conditions that lead to poverty in place. It places emphasis on methods used by ex-colonial powers continue to keep Africa in a position of debt and dependence.{{citation needed}}"] ['When the half-naked bodies of brilliant physicist, Dr Gilbert Bogle, and his lover, Mrs Margaret Chandler, were found in bizarre circumstances on a Sydney riverbank in 1963, it set into play an unprecedented forensic investigation. Autopsies offered little clue as to how the couple died, only that there were signs of a rapidly acting poison. Despite assistance from the FBI and Scotland Yard, the poison was never identified. At the end of a long and controversial coronial inquest, no cause of death, killer or motive could be identified. In the ensuing years, scores of tabloid theories have been put forward, from LSD to Cold War assassinations. But in the minds of many, including the police, Margaret Chandler’s husband, Geoffrey, was the likely culprit. Four decades later, this explosive documentary reveals startling new scientific evidence - evidence so powerful the police gave filmmaker Peter Butt unprecedented access to their forensic records.'] ['The special was hosted by C-3PO  and R2-D2.{{cite news}} A voiceover narration was additionally supplied by William Conrad. It features behind-the-scenes footage from Star Wars, and interviews with writer/director George Lucas, producer Gary Kurtz, and castmembers Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Harrison Ford, and Alec Guinness.{{cite news}}  Premiering four months after the release of the film, the special was the first Star Wars documentary ever made. It is also notable for showing footage not seen in the film, particularly the scene between Han Solo and Jabba the Hutt in its original form in which Jabba was played by Irish actor Declan Mulholland .A brief glimpse of another deleted scene between Luke Skywalker and Biggs Darklighter on Tatooine is also included.'] ['In a film bursting with lyrics, pictures, and music the director shows us a way into the peculiar universe of Tóroddur, and the otherwise not very talkative artist gives us a glimpse of his thoughts on art, God, life and death.'] ['Cameras follow the day-to-day life of model/actress/businesswoman/heiress/icon Paris Hilton. Hilton reveals the truth about her scandalous lifestyle and comes clean about many tabloid speculations and rumors.'] ['U2 3D depicts a U2 concert in Buenos Aires during the band\'s Vertigo Tour. In the beginning of the film, a voice is heard chanting "everyone" in a crowd-filled stadium, followed by fans running through the venue.{{cite news}} U2 begin the concert with "Vertigo", followed by ten more songs in the main set. Images are shown throughout the concert on the stage\'s LED display. Political and social statements are made during some songs, including "Sunday Bloody Sunday"—during which the word "coexista" is spelled out on-screen through various religious symbols—and "Miss Sarajevo", during which an excerpt from the Universal Declaration of Human Rights is read aloud by a narrator.{{cite web}} The main set ends with "One", after which the group leave the stage. They return for an encore and perform "The Fly", during which a succession of words and phrases appear on the stage\'s LED display and are superimposed into the film.{{cite web|url{{-\'}}U2 3D\' immerses you in the band\'s music|lastChristy|dateAssociated Press|accessdate"RNR"/>'] ["It is just after 1973 democracy movement and university students from Bangkok are going to rural Thailand to talk to farmers about their cause. Among the farmers the students meet is Tongpan, a father of two children with a wife, eaking out a living on rented farmland. Years before, Tongpan had his own farm, but lost it when a dam was built. Now, a bigger dam is to be built on the Mekong. The students urge Tongpan to attend a seminar about the dam proposal and share his experience. The seminar is attended by government officials, foreign experts, young intellectuals and local farmers. Various opinions are shared, both for and against the massive Pa-Mong Dam. Tongpan, meanwhile, is struggling to earn a living on his small, rented patch of land. There is not enough water to grow a decent rice crop and fishstocks are dwindling. Tongpan and his wife have two boys, one still an infant. Food is so scarce, that Tongpan's wife falls ill with tuberculosis and cannot breastfeed the boy. He is paid a total of US$100 for a year of watching his landlord's chickens, and cannot hope to borrow more money to buy food for his family. Tongpan attends the seminar, but the hardships at home weigh heavily on him, and when it comes time for him to speak, he has already gone home."] ['* It shows Lebanese gays and lesbians passing through the conflict of sexual, religious and social identity, the war against Israel and the "Article 534" of the Lebanese Penal Code that forbids "indecent acts". Main characters featured are Youssef, dancer, Maha, a psychotherapist, Rachid, a shopworker and Faisal, a Palestinian origin Reike healer.Detailed description of main characters interviewed for the documentary The Beirut Apt'] ["The film features people from Berlin's electronic dance music scenes . The majority of the film consists of footage of individual interviews, cut and interpolated together to create narratives around certain themes, such as music, drugs, love, addiction, friendship, and sexuality. Among the interviewees were DJs, bouncers, bartenders, and partygoers. The material for the film included 19 interviews, 56 nights , and 13 musical tracks."] ['The film follows William Gates and Arthur Agee, two African-American teenagers who are recruited by a scout from St. Joseph High School in Westchester, Illinois, a predominantly white high school with an outstanding basketball program, whose alumni include NBA great Isiah Thomas. Taking 90-minute commutes to school, enduring long and difficult workouts and practices, and acclimatising to a foreign social environment, Gates and Agee struggle to improve their athletic skills in a job market with heavy competition. Along the way, their families celebrate their successes and support each other during times of economic hardship caused from the school change. The film raises a number of issues concerning race, class, economic division, education and values in contemporary America. It also offers one of the most intimate views of inner-city life to be captured on film. Yet it is also the human story of two young men, their two families and their community, and the joys and struggles they live from their recruitment in 1987 through their college freshman year .'] ['The film begins on August 6, 1990, the day after the final show of the Blond Ambition Tour in Nice. Madonna cleans up her hotel room while, in a voice-over, she explains that she is not as emotional as the rest of her group over the end of the tour. She has already grieved, she says, but it will hit her later and she hopes she will be in a safe place when it happens. In a flashback to April 1990, the tour is about to kick off in Japan. Everything is a mess; there are sound problems and Madonna did not realize that the tour is during the rainy season in Japan. Because it is cold and wet, Madonna and the dancers scrap their costumes for warmer attire. In a voice-over, Madonna confesses that the only thing keeping her from "slashing my wrists" is the thought of returning to North America and performing the show as it is meant to be. In America, Madonna meets the families of her dancers. One dancer, Oliver, sees his father for the first time in several years, while Madonna talks with her father, Silvio "Tony" Ciccone, on the phone. Though she insists that she can get him tickets, he is reluctant to impose. The Blond Ambition tour stops in Los Angeles, where sound problems abound. Despite reassurances, Madonna focuses on the technical problems and yells at her manager, Freddy DeMann, for allowing so many people from the music industry, who appeared bored by her performance, in the front rows. Though then-boyfriend Warren Beatty tries to console her, he is distracted by the cameras and walks away laughing. Madonna parties with several celebrities, including Dick Tracy co-stars Al Pacino and Mandy Patinkin, and Olivia Newton-John. Kevin Costner offends Madonna by calling her show "neat". Madonna pretends to gag after he leaves. Despite the lively atmosphere, Beatty still seems bothered by the cameras\' presence. During her stay in Washington, D.C., Madonna attends the premiere of Dick Tracy with Beatty, with whom she co-starred. In another voice-over, she describes a dream that she had the night before: Mikhail Gorbachev came to her show and she thought about how jealous Beatty would be that she met him first. She declares it "a good dream". On the final night of the show in Toronto, Madonna is informed that plainclothes officers are prepared to arrest her if she performs the simulated masturbation scene at the end of "Like a Virgin". Madonna refuses to change her show, stating, "Last time I was on tour, Sean [Penn] was in jail. I guess it\'s my turn." Freddy DeMann bets that the threat of arrest will only make Madonna go further and no one takes his bet. According to a news report, Toronto police decide not to arrest the singer, claiming that no threats were made. The Blond Ambition tour goes to Madonna\'s hometown of Detroit. In a voice-over, Madonna expresses the difficulty she has going back home, especially since fame seems to change one\'s loved ones. At the end of "Holiday", Madonna calls her father on stage and sings "Happy Birthday to You". Backstage, Tony and his wife, Joan, compliment Madonna  on the show, though Tony expresses his displeasure at some of the more "burlesque" aspects. Madonna and Christopher wait for their older brother, Martin, to show up while they discuss his substance abuse problems. By the time Martin arrives, Christopher has left and Madonna has gone to bed. Madonna reunites with her "childhood idol", Moira McFarland-Messana. Moira gives Madonna a painting she made entitled "Madonna and Child", and asks Madonna to be the godmother to her unborn child. Before leaving Detroit, Madonna visits her mother\'s grave as "Promise to Try" plays in the background. It is the first time she has visited her mother\'s grave since she was a little girl. Madonna lies down beside her mother\'s grave as Christopher watches and Madonna whispers that, "I\'m going to fit in right here. They\'re going to bury me sideways." As the tour continues, Madonna\'s throat problems worsen while Beatty becomes more fed up with the cameras. During a throat examination in Madonna\'s hotel room, Beatty chastises her for the documentary, telling her the atmosphere is driving everyone insane. Madonna ignores Beatty, and when she declines to have the rest of her examination done off camera, Beatty starts laughing, saying, "She doesn\'t want to live off-camera, much less talk... What point is there of existing off-camera?" Due to Madonna\'s throat problems she cancels some of her shows. In New York, Madonna\'s doctor instructs her not to talk and she finds herself isolated in her apartment with only her assistant, Melissa, as contact to the outside world. Everything seems to fall apart and she loses contact with the dancers. Star reports that Madonna dumped Beatty for one of her dancers, Oliver Crumes. The other dancers torment him and Madonna chastises them. Sharon, a make-up artist, is drugged and sodomized while partying. In a prayer circle before the final show in New York, Madonna attempts to pull everyone back together. The third leg of the tour kicks off in Europe with everyone in better spirits. Madonna and the dancers visit Chanel in Paris, fool around at Melissa\'s birthday party and imitate Madonna\'s 1984 "Like a Virgin" music video. As the tour nears Italy, the Pope attempts to have it banned, forcing Madonna to cancel one show. Sandra Bernhard appears to cheer up Madonna. Sandra asks who would really blow her away if she could meet them and Madonna replies, "That guy who\'s in all of Pedro Almodóvar\'s films - Antonio Banderas." When Almodóvar throws a party in Madrid and invites the future Evita co-stars, Madonna spends a week thinking up ways to seduce Banderas. It turns out that he is married, ending Madonna\'s two-year crush. While Madonna works in her hotel room, voice-overs from her family, friends, and co-workers describe the star. Though she is happier now than she was on her last tour, Sandra Bernhard does not think that she takes enough time to enjoy her successes. Others describe her in unflattering terms. Luis Camacho says, "I just feel like she\'s a little girl lost in the storm sometimes. You know, there\'s just a whole whirlwind of things going on around her, and sometimes she gets caught up in it." As the tour winds down, the group plays a game of Truth or Dare?. Madonna is asked, "Who has been the love of your life for your whole life? Your biggest love?" Madonna replies without hesitation, "Sean. Sean." Madonna invites her dancers, one-by-one, to join her in bed, where she imparts words of wisdom to each. While the show\'s closing act, "Keep It Together", plays, a montage of Madonna saying good-bye to her dancers is shown. The film ends with a clip of Madonna telling director Alek Keshishian to go away and, "Cut it, Alek! Cut it, Goddamnit!"'] ['The veline phenomenon is explained. We meet young mechanic Ricky who tries to become a TV star, but complains that it is more difficult for a man. TV agent Lele Mora admiringly says that Berlusconi resembles Benito Mussolini. Paparazzo Fabrizio Corona takes embarrassing photographs of celebrities, and asks them for money to not publicize them. He explains that he is a new version of Robin Hood: he steals from the rich, but keeps the money to himself. When he was convicted for extortion, it made him a greater celebrity, and he is now cashing in on this. He is shown full-frontally naked taking a shower.'] ['RoachTrip starts by waving the black flag in the House of Commons and ends wandering lost in the desert. In between is a hardcore odyssey down Canada\'s invisible punk highway in search of something pure and clean. Roach and Smash, two inseparable street buddies from Montreal introduced in 2002 documentary "S.P.I.T." earlier, ping-pong across the country. The same couple are now set loose with RoachCam and the loose mandate of filming the annual Punk migration across Canada. Camping, fishing, and fruit-picking their way through summer, these two punks are never quite able to leave the city behind. Just beyond the paradise of the Okanagan lies the lure of the streets of Vancouver.Synopsis from EyeSteelFilm website'] ["The protagonists are teenagers who undertake a very dangerous journey on their own, fleeing from various crisis regions of the world to Europe. Nina Kusturica conveys a complex picture of the hopes and dreams of adolescent refugees who after their getaway have to face the partly absurd and inhuman bureaucratic system of the European countries. The teenagers Juma, Hishame, Ahmed, Nura, Achmad, Asha, Jawid, and Alem deliver bit by bit insight into their situation and why leaving their home country and their families ultimately was their last resort. Beyond that, the director gives the audience a look behind the scenes, i.e. through the lenses of thermographic cameras belonging to the border police keeping track of clueless refugees, and she accompanies the teenagers to appointments with government agencies. After their arrival in Europe, the teenagers only wish for an orderly life. However, the dehumanized bureaucracy does not allow for an immediate integration. Even language courses can only be attended after having a valid asylum approval notice. That is why they are forced to do nothing but wait. Also that way making contact with locals is nearly impossible. One of the key scenes shows an encounter between a drunk Austrian and the teenage girls Nura and Asha at the train station of Traiskirchen - Austria's most important reception camp. The stranger confronts the girls with mostly all current prejudices against immigrants, whereas the girls have never even heard of the concept of xenophobia before. During the whole film, it is astonishing and refreshing to see that despite all the uncertainty these teenagers laugh and act like other people their age and keep their optimism. Nina Kusturica magnificently succeeded in presenting her protagonists on a very personal level – and that is what makes this documentary so important, particularly these days when immigration is discussed by politicians and the corresponding media only in a populist way."] ["After failing to be the first to reach the South pole by only 97 miles in 1909, Shackleton set out to be the first to cross the Antarctic continent via the pole. The expedition met disastrous results when its ship became trapped and ultimately crushed in the ice pack. Shackleton and his 26-man crew endured the long polar winter before ultimately finding rescue following an 800-mile open boat voyage on the Weddell sea. Against all odds, the entire crew of The Endurance survived. Frank Hurley's original film footage was used by Butler along with interviews of surviving relatives to present the story of Shackleton's expedition."] [' The first part of the series explains the origin of Islamism and Neo-Conservatism. It shows Egyptian civil servant Sayyid Qutb, depicted as the founder of modern Islamist thought, visiting the U.S. to learn about the education system, but becoming disgusted with what he saw as a corruption of morals and virtues in western society through individualism. When he returns to Egypt, he is disturbed by westernisation under Gamal Abdel Nasser and becomes convinced that in order to save society it must be completely restructured along the lines of Islamic law while still using western technology. He also becomes convinced that this can only be accomplished through the use of an elite "vanguard" to lead a revolution against the established order. Qutb becomes a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood and, after being tortured in one of Nasser\'s jails, comes to believe that western-influenced leaders can justly be killed for the sake of removing their corruption. Qutb is executed in 1966, but he influences the future mentor of Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, to start his own secret Islamist group. Inspired by the 1979 Iranian revolution, Zawahiri and his allies assassinate Egyptian president Anwar Al Sadat, in 1981, in hopes of starting their own revolution. The revolution does not materialise, and Zawahiri comes to believe that the majority of Muslims have been corrupted not only by their western-inspired leaders, but Muslims themselves have been affected by jahilliyah and thus both may be legitimate targets of violence if they do not join him. They continued to have the belief that a vanguard was necessary to rise up and overthrow the corrupt regime and replace with a pure Islamist state. At the same time in the United States, a group of disillusioned liberals, including Irving Kristol and Paul Wolfowitz, look to the political thinking of Leo Strauss after the perceived failure of President Johnson\'s "Great Society". They come to the conclusion that the emphasis on individual liberty was the undoing of the plan. They envisioned restructuring America by uniting the American people against a common evil, and set about creating a mythical enemy. These factions, the Neo-Conservatives, came to power under the Reagan administration, with their allies Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld, and work to unite the United States in fear of the Soviet Union. The Neo-Conservatives allege the Soviet Union is not following the terms of disarmament between the two countries, and, with the investigation of "Team B", they accumulate a case to prove this with dubious evidence and methods. President Reagan is convinced nonetheless.  In the second episode, Islamist factions, rapidly falling under the more radical influence of Zawahiri and his rich Saudi acolyte Osama bin Laden, join the Neo-Conservative-influenced Reagan Administration to combat the Soviet Union\'s invasion of Afghanistan. When the Soviets eventually pull out and when the Eastern Bloc begins to collapse in the late 1980s, both groups believe they are the primary architects of the "Evil Empire\'s" defeat. Curtis argues that the Soviets were on their last legs anyway, and were doomed to collapse without intervention. However, the Islamists see it quite differently, and in their triumph believe that they had the power to create \'pure\' Islamic states in Egypt and Algeria. However, attempts to create perpetual Islamic states are blocked by force. The Islamists then try to create revolutions in Egypt and Algeria by the use of terrorism to scare the people into rising up. However, the people were terrified by the violence and the Algerian government uses their fear as a way to maintain power. In the end, the Islamists declare the entire populations of the countries as inherently contaminated by western values, and finally in Algeria turn on each other, each believing that other terrorist groups are not pure enough Muslims either. In America, the Neo-Conservatives\' aspirations to use the United States military power for further destruction of evil are thrown off track by the ascent of George H. W. Bush to the presidency, followed by the 1992 election of Bill Clinton leaving them out of power. The Neo-Conservatives, with their conservative Christian allies, attempt to demonise Clinton throughout his presidency with various real and fabricated stories of corruption and immorality. To their disappointment, however, the American people do not turn against Clinton. The Islamist attempts at revolution end in massive bloodshed, leaving the Islamists without popular support. Zawahiri and bin Laden flee to the sufficiently safe Afghanistan and declare a new strategy; to fight Western-inspired moral decay they must deal a blow to its source: the United States.   The final episode addresses the actual rise of al-Qaeda. Curtis argues that, after their failed revolutions, bin Laden and Zawahiri had little or no popular support, let alone a serious complex organisation of terrorists, and were dependent upon independent operatives to carry out their new call for jihad. However, the film argues that in order to prosecute bin Laden in absentia for the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings, US prosecutors had to prove he was the head of a criminal organisation responsible for the bombings. They find a former associate of bin Laden, Jamal al-Fadl, and pay him to testify that bin Laden was the head of a massive terrorist organisation called "al-Qaeda". With the September 11th attacks, Neo-Conservatives in the new Republican government of George W. Bush use this created concept of an organisation to justify another crusade against a new evil enemy, leading to the launch of the War on Terrorism. After the American invasion of Afghanistan fails to uproot the alleged terrorist network, the Neo-Conservatives focus inwards, searching unsuccessfully for terrorist sleeper cells in America. They then extend the war on "terror" to a war against general perceived evils with the invasion of Iraq in 2003. The ideas and tactics also spread to the United Kingdom where Tony Blair uses the threat of terrorism to give him a new moral authority. The repercussions of the Neo-Conservative strategy are also explored with an investigation of indefinitely-detained terrorist suspects in Guantanamo Bay, many allegedly taken on the word of the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance without actual investigation on the part of the United States military, and other forms of "preemption" against non-existent and unlikely threats made simply on the grounds that the parties involved could later become a threat. Curtis also makes a specific attempt to allay fears of a dirty bomb attack, and concludes by reassuring viewers that politicians will eventually have to concede that some threats are exaggerated and others altogether devoid of reality. "In an age when all the grand ideas have lost credibility, fear of a phantom enemy is all the politicians have left to maintain their power."'] ['The film begins in the summer of 1914. At 75 years old, King Carol I, the founder of modern Romania, is living a quiet life at the Peleş Castle. He has by his side Queen Elisabeth, his devoted wife and friend. The King faces the pains of age with sobriety, although these do not compare to his morale kneadings.{{clarify}} Carol I is in a tough position; his family roots dictate that he should enter World War I alongside Germany and the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, but public opinion calls for Romania to remain neutral. The king plays his last card in the Crown Council. He tries to persuade the representatives of the people to enter the war alongside the Central Powers.'] ["The documentary starts with describing of the technology that they claim has been 'buried and hidden, despite of its ability of gas mileage improvement in cars and also reducing oil consumption'.http://gasholemovie.com/synopsis.html"] ['At the beginning of 2009, French filmmaker Jérémie Carboni followed French writer Daniel Pennac during rehearsals of Bartleby the scrivener\'s reading in Pépinière Opéra theatre in Paris.http://zerkalo.fr/zerkalo+production+photos+bartleby.html Photos of rehearsals "Bartleby the scrivener" is a short story of Herman Melville. Initially, the footage was dedicated at François Duval\'s work directing, but after the premiere of the show, Jérémie Carboni decided to edit footage and make a documentary with other interviews.'] ['The film traces the events of 2007 when local radio station KLSD in San Diego, California, owned by radio giant Clear Channel Communications, decided to alter the programming from progressive talk radio to sports talk. Local activists hold protest rallies and try to persuade the owners to keep the liberal format, the only outlet for liberal talk in the San Diego market. At the time the station was being considered for the change, it ranked #1 in time spent listeningDaily Kos article about station ratings and TSL and had a growing market share. It also explores the history of media and broadcast regulation, the move to deregulate, and the impact from deregulation that allowed for what the filmmakers consider to be unprecedented consolidation, to the point where a majority of all media  are controlled by just five major corporationsMedia Reform Center.'] ['The film runs in colour for only 21 minutes, containing footage of the 8th and 9th Nuremberg Rallies. Particularly notable scenes of both the rally and the film are images of Albert Speer\'s lighting techniques during the 9th Nuremberg rally on 10 September 1937, in which he positioned 134 spotlights circling the Zeppelin field on which the rally was taking place. The beams of these spotlights, forming the "Cathedral of Light," merged into the general glow at an estimated height of 20,000 feet.'] ["Franju's film contrasts peaceful scenes of Parisian suburbia with scenes from a slaughterhouse. The film documents the slaughtering and butchering of horses, cattle, and sheep. The film is narrated without emotive language."] ['Between 1960 and 1966, France carried out four atmospheric nuclear tests and another thirteen underground ones to the south of Reggane . The first was called Blue Jerboa and was four times as powerful as the bomb dropped on Hiroshima. For the first time, French and Tuareg survivors speak of their fight to have their illnesses recognized as such, and reveal in what the conditions the tests were carried out. Fifty years later, the French Army still refuses to acknowledge its responsibility towards the populations exposed to the radiation.'] ['Three older men, wearing hats and smoking cigars, are sitting at a patio. Two of the men are playing cards  at a table while the third man sits watching. As the game continues a  waiter walks across carrying a tray with a bottle of wine and glasses on it. The man sitting at the table then proceeds to pour the drinks while the waiter observes the card game.'] ['Documentary about U.S. soldiers returning from Iraq who had been exposed to radioactive dust from dirty bombs when artillery shells coated with depleted uranium or DU are fired. Many suffer mysterious illnesses and have children with birth defects such as death. {{clear}}'] ['It chronicles the immediate aftermath of the fall, in 1990, of the Meech Lake Accord, and its effects on the Quebec society and Quebec nationalism. It is set during the Bélanger-Campeau commission , before the Parti Libéral du Québec  formally closed the door to independence in the light of the death of Meech Lake and the departure of some Liberal nationalists to create the ADQ. The title means The Black Sheep, referring to Quebec and its difference coupled with a perceived ostracism by Canada, notably through its rejection of the Accord that would have recognized this difference.'] ["It is about the story of the development of SpongeBob SquarePants. It features interviews and commentaries from crew members, including series' creator Stephen Hillenburg, as well as celebrity fans, such as LeBron James, Ricky Gervais, and Rosario Dawson."] ['The griotte Yandé Codou Sène, who is now around 80 years old, is one of the last representatives of the Serer polyphonic poetry. This documentary, shot over four years, is an intimate portrait of the diva that traveled through the history of Senegal by the side of one of the country’s legendary figures, poet President, Léopold Sédar Senghor. A sweet and bitter story about greatness, glory and the passage of time.'] ['When Namkhai Norbu Rinpoche escaped Tibet in 1959, he settled in Italy, where he married and had two children, of which Yeshi was the first. Yeshi was recognized as the reincarnation of Rinpoche’s uncle, a renowned Dzogchen master, who had died after the Chinese invaded Tibet. Yeshi grew up in Italy and wanted nothing to do with this legacy. He had no interest in being a teacher like his father. Nor did he want to return to Tibet and the monastery of Rinpoche’s uncle to meet the students waiting for him since his birth – something that his father continually admonished him to do. Instead, he dreamed of a normal life, away from the hoards of devoted students that always surrounded his father. Through intimate scenes Yeshi is shown growing from 18 years old to 39 years old and maturity, and his father who begins the story in his 50-year-old prime ages to 70 years and his senior years. As the story unravels, what is at stake for Namkhai Norbu Rinpoche is his spiritual tradition, for Yeshi it is his own identity. Will Yeshi’s Western lifestyle replace his family tradition and his spiritual roots? Will his father succeed at transplanting the vanishing Tibetan heritage to the Western world? As time moves forward, both father and son begin to change. The image of water and swimming, Namkhai Norbu’s beloved pastime, is used as a repetitive thematic pillar through the film as a representation of his teachings of integration and emptiness. The natural sounds of chanting and song, combined with added effects and carefully scored music, is used to express a non-verbal sense of the spiritual world Norbu Rinpoche seeks to transmit to his son, and to the West.'] ['The film documents the personal accounts of Ruhal Ahmed, Asif Iqbal and Shafiq Rasul ;Channel 4: Observer]: Using terror to fight terror, 26 February 2006'] ["The cartoon states that, annually, 118,481 babies out of 2 million will die before reaching their first birthday. Thus, the cartoon shows John E. Jones, a baby that may add to this statistic if not given proper healthcare. The cartoon proceeds to show most of John's life, including his school years, marriage, later life , and his golden years, providing other helpful health information along the way. Before the cartoon ends, however, it returns to John as a baby, reminding the audience that John needs proper healthcare to survive. The cartoon then states that if every American paid just three cents a week, sufficient healthcare could be provided for John and babies everywhere."] ['In October 1994, film students Heather Donahue, Michael C. Williams and Joshua Leonard set out to produce a documentary about the fabled Blair Witch. They travel to Burkittsville, Maryland, formerly Blair, and interview locals about the legend of the Blair Witch. The locals tell them of Rustin Parr, a hermit who kidnapped seven children in the 1940s and brought them to his house in the woods, where he tortured and murdered them. Parr brought the children into his home\'s basement in pairs, forcing the first child to face the corner and listen to their companion\'s screams as he murdered the second child. Parr would then murder the first child. Eventually turning himself in to the police, Parr later pleaded insanity, saying that the spirit of Elly Kedward, a witch hanged in the 18th century, had been terrorizing him for some time and promised to leave him alone if he murdered the children. The second day, the students begin to explore the woods in north Burkittsville to look for evidence to prove it is real and the Blair Witch exists. Along the way, a fisherman warns them that the woods are haunted, and recalls a time that he had seen strange mist rising from the water. The students hike to Coffin Rock, where five men were found ritualistically murdered in the 19th century, and then camp for the night. The next day they move deeper into the woods, despite being uncertain of their exact location on the map. They eventually locate what appears to be an old cemetery with seven small cairns. They set up camp nearby and then return to the cemetery after dark. Josh accidentally disturbs a cairn, and Heather hastily repairs it. Later, they hear crackling sounds in the darkness that seem to be coming from all directions and assume the noises are from animals or locals following them. The following day they attempt to return to their vehicle, but can\'t find their way. They try until nightfall, when they are forced to set camp. That night, they again hear crackling noises, but can\'t see anything. The next morning they find three cairns have been built around their tent during the night. As they continue trying to find their way out of the woods, Heather realizes that her map is missing, and Mike later reveals that he kicked it into a creek out of frustration the previous day. Josh and Heather attack Mike in a fit of intense rage. They then realize they are now hopelessly lost, and decide to simply "head south". Soon, they discover a multitude of humanoid stick figures suspended from trees. That night, they hear more strange noises, including the sounds of children and bizarre "morphing" sounds. When an unknown force shakes the tent, they flee in a panic and hide in the woods until dawn. Upon returning to their tent, they find that their possessions have been rifled through, and Josh\'s equipment is covered with slime, causing them to question why only his belongings were affected. As the day wears on, they pass a log over a stream that was identical to the one they had passed earlier, despite having traveled directly south all day, and again set camp, completely demoralized at having wasted the entire day seemingly going in circles. The next morning, Josh has disappeared. After trying in vain to find him, Mike and Heather eventually break camp and slowly move on. That night, they hear Josh screaming in the darkness, but are not able to find him. The next morning, Heather finds a bundle of sticks and fabric outside their tent. Later inspection reveals it contains blood-soaked scraps of Josh\'s shirt, as well as teeth and hair, but she does not mention this to Mike. That day, Heather films herself apologizing to the co-producers of her project as well as her family, and breaks down crying and hyperventilating, believing that something terrible is hunting her and her friends. Later, they again hear Josh\'s agonized cries for help, but this time they follow them and discover a derelict abandoned house in the woods. Mike races upstairs, following the voice, while Heather tries to follow. Mike then claims he hears Josh in the basement. He follows the sound and, after what seems to be a struggle, goes silent and drops to the floor. Heather screams for Mike, but gets no answer. She then enters the basement looking for both men, and her camera catches a glimpse of Mike facing the wall. Heather then screams as she and her camera drop to the floor. There is only silence as the footage ends.'] ['The documentary details the lives of six Montreal Arab men, all with the first name "Osama": * Osama  Shalabi, of Egyptian origin, a music composer who grew up in Atlantic Canada. He is a leading member of the Montreal-based instrumental band, Shalabi Effect. He composed the soundtrack for Being Osama.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm2042145/ * Ossama al-Sarraf, a Palestinian-Canadian aspiring rockstar who wears dreadlocks * Ossama el-Naggar, an Egyptian-Canadian musical expert and importer of opera and classical music CDs living in Canada for over 20 years * Osama el-Demerdash, an Egyptian, who is very politically active regarding issues surrounding immigrant rights and deportation of refugees * Oussama al-Jundi, a Lebanese-Canadian who runs a Muslim school in Montreal * Osama Dorias, an Iraqi-Canadian and devout Muslim whose family fled Saddam Hussein\'s regime while he will still a young child. His father has recently returned to Iraq and portrayed as a university graduate and a basketball player involved in organizing a Muslim basketball league in a Montreal suburb. They all recount their experiences in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.'] ["Real life drama, humor, death-defying waves, rivalries, parties, heart-break, romance, injuries, and humanity all collide during the nearly two month competition on Hawaii's 7 Mile Miracle. The film follows multiple story lines over the course of the entire competition, taking the real-life events to construct a moving story."] ['He traveled to another land, another sea, certain that he would find a better city, he was not aware that his city traveled with him. He sought other beings in this new city, but he found the same outskirt neighborhoods in which he was born. The poem by Constantine Kavafis, "The City", serves as the backdrop to the downhearted return of a Moroccan immigrant who lived in Spain from 2001 to 2010.'] ['The film begins with aerial shots and soon shows closer footage of palm trees and waves crashing ashore. The camera concentrates on people; workers performing their daily chores and wealthy persons walking in the boulevards, sailing, playing games and relaxing at the Promenade des Anglais, as well as race car drivers competing in Grand Prix motor racing. After that, the film shows the poorer neighbourhood and poverty; women doing laundry and children playing their simple games in the streets. This is followed by a carnival; processions, masks and tourists dancing and celebrating. The film ends with images of statues and men working in a factory.'] ['The film starts with a brief pre-title clip from presenter Greg Palast’s aborted interview with Florida Director of Elections Clayton Roberts, who walks out.  Palast introduces George W. Bush with particular reference to his popular image as a war hero cemented in the public mind by his landing on the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln for the 2003 Mission Accomplished Speech. However Palast alleges that Bush used his father’s influence to gain a draft-dodging placement with the Texas Air National Guard which he subsequently failed to serve.  Palast picks up the story with Bush’s 2000 US Presidential Election campaign where he claims Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris used their influence to purge and discount the ballots of predominantly Gore-supporting black voters through the “fake felons list” compiled by private company DBT/ChoicePoint for US$4 million.  Palast goes on to examine the corporate donors to Bush’s election campaign, such as Enron CEO Ken Lay, who as members of Bush’s pioneer network contributed huge sums through family and friends, and who he claims subsequently profited from the Bush presidency with senior government appointments, no-bid contracts, executive orders and deregulation.  Palast outlines what he refers to as the Bush-cycle, where Bush family members use money to gain political office and then use the office to gain even more money, dating back to Senator Prescott Bush who funded the family’s entry into the oil business, citing the example of Bush’s Harken Energy winning a contract to drill in the Persian Gulf thanks he alleges to Bush Snr’s presidency.  Palast alleges that both prior to and since the September 11 attacks Bush has blocked investigations into members of the Bin Laden family and other rich Saudis, who are alleged to have provided funding to Al Qaeda and which have long been funnelling money into Bush family business ventures via businessman James R. Bath, who was a part owner of Bush’s failed Arbusto Energy.  Palast concludes with Bush’s declaration of the Iraq War, which he claims was made to fulfil a long planned strategy, drawn up at the beginning of Bush’s presidency, to divide and sell up all of Iraq’s assets, especially the oil, to the Bush family’s corporate donors against the interests of the Iraqi people and their democratic ambitions.'] ["There is no real plot that runs throughout this documentary. Instead, each skater was placed into their segment to showcase their skills. Some of the skaters also incorporated a short story into their segments. Some of these story lines include McCrank looking for a job, Berra being killed by an unknown attacker, Reynolds hanging out with a monkey, Kirchart and Klein's rampaging mayhem in the city and Lasek taking down Hawk so that Lasek can become the number one skateboarder."] ['The film opens with the a title card and the sound of Carlos Santana\'s guitar solo from the song Black Magic Woman. Paul Green, the primary subject of the film introduces the evening\'s concert. The camera pans to reveals that the guitarist is twelve year old C.J. Tywoniak. The School is then introduced, with Green re-enacting a scene from the film The Silence of the Lambs as Jame Gumb for a group of students. This is followed by the first of a number of interview segments with Green throughout the film. He explains why he started a performance-based program. 9 year old twin boys Asa and Tucker Collins are interviewed, followed by an interview with Tywoniak and his parents about his future in music, teenage girl Madi Diaz-Svalgard, a Quaker singer/songwriter who frequently clashes with Green and finally Will O\'Conner a less-successful student who credits the School with saving his life. These students are followed closely through the rest of the film. Green talks about various students and then introduces the All-Star program, which is concentrating on the music of Frank Zappa, and including concert footage of the students playing a Zappa song. He then leads the camera on a tour of the School, dropping in on various classroom lessons including Asa trying to learn Black Sabbath\'s "The Wizard". The film moves to the Tucker home and introduces the twins\' mother Andrea Tucker, followed by O\'Conner at home with his mother Lisa. There is a montage of scenes of the students rehearsing for a beginner\'s Black Sabbath show, and an 80\'s show by the intermediate students, and interviews with other students including Eric and Julie Slick, and keyboard teacher Eric Svalgard, father of Madi Diaz. Green confesses that, if the school is successful, the students will become better musicians than himself, followed by his personal history and introduces his wife Lisa. A clip of Zappa musician Napoleon Murphy Brock is played for the students, and Green talks about getting the students to play Zappa\'s notoriously difficult music. The All-Stars have been invited to play the annual Zappa music festival Zappanale. Green and various students are interviewed about the upcoming event. Diaz is interviewed about a side project with her Quaker friends, the Friendly Gangstaz who rap traditional Quaker hymns, which Green mocks. Tywoniak\'s parents discuss their son\'s focus and drive. Andrea Tucker applies make-up to her son Tucker and dresses Asa\'s hair into the Mohawk hairstyle seen on the film poster in preparation for the twins\' Black Sabbath show while singing the song "Sweet Leaf". Several Black Sabbath songs are performed at at the concert including "Sweet Leaf", "Paranoid" and "Iron Man". Green delivers a ranting, profanity-laden halftime speech during the intermission of the show. On the commentary track, the directors reveal that the MPAA informed them that the film was rated R, and had 38 usages of the word "fuck". The location switches to Green\'s home and a scene with his infant son, who dances enthusiastically to a Zappa song. A title card reveals that Tywoniak had to undergo emergency orthopedic surgery two days before a concert. Green introduces him at the concert, revealing that Tywoniak would not undergo the operation unless he could play the concert. Back at the school, Green tells the students that Melissa Dribben, a reporter from the Philadelphia Inquirer newspaper, is to do a feature story on the school. The article is critical of Green and his methods and O\'Conner says that it "was written with the composition of a fourth grader". Dribben had called O\'Conner "the sad Eeyore of Rock School", and revealed a Green joke about the "Will O\'Conner Award for the Student Most Likely To Kill Himself". This caused considerable friction at O\'Conner\'s home, resulting in him leaving the school. There is another montage of rehearsals for the 80s tribute show which was not going well, a situation exacerbated by a broken air conditioner on a very hot day. Diaz and Green are interviewed about their relationship, Green stating that he believes she is "an extraordinary talent". Green is interviewed in his car in a calmer, more reflective mood, revealing that he created Rock School so that he "had something that he could be the best at". Tywoniak is shown at the Guitar Gods show playing Eddie Van Halen\'s cover of the Kinks song "You Really Got Me", followed by more interview footage of Green in the backyard of his home and O\'Conner after he had left the school. Another montage of the fraught 80s show rehearsals with Green ranting and slamming doors, screaming "Don\'t fucking make mistakes! Not on \'Rebel Yell\'!" Green is interviewed about his relationship with the students, and motivation. O\'Conner is interviewed at an art space screen-printing t-shirts, reflecting on his time at the school. The All-Stars are shown rehearsing Zappa songs for their trip to Germany and the Zappanale festival, aboard the flight, arriving at the Berlin airport and traveling to Bad Doberan. Green gives a long pep talk about the upcoming concert at the youth hostel at which the kids are staying, followed by a trip to the festival. The next day, Green wakes the kids, followed by interviews with each of the All-Stars about the upcoming show, performing technically difficult music before an audience very familiar with that music. The All-Stars rehearse "Inca Roads" with Napoleon Murphy Brock, who is interviewed about his experience, recalling being incredulous when first informed of the school and the material the students were playing. Green gives a last-minute set of performance notes before they take the stage. They perform Zappa\'s "Zomby Woof", followed by an original solo by Tywoniak, intercut with shots of audience members with incredulous looks on their faces. Brock then takes the stage, dropping to his knees, genuflecting to Tywoniak before going to the front of the stage and leading the audience in a mass genuflection before leading the band on "Inca Roads". As the All-Stars leave the stage, they are greeted by a collection of other festival performers including Jimmy Carl Black of the Mothers of Invention who thanks Green for his work and describes the All-Stars as "phenomenal". The All-Stars are jamming with other festival performers in final concert scene, and Green hugs his performers. The end of the film features interviews with O\'Conner, Tywoniak, Diaz, Green and the Tucker twins trying to sum up their Rock School experience. The credit sequence features the students playing "School\'s Out" with Alice Cooper at the film\'s premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, intercut with additional scenes of Green and the students of the school.'] ['The film takes us from the mouth to the source of the second largest river basin in the world, that of the Congo River . All along its 4371 km, we discover places that have seen the turbulent history of this country, while archives remind us of the mythological figures that created its destiny: explorers such as Livingstone and Stanley, the colonial kings Léopold II and Baudouin I and leaders such as Lumumba, Mobutu and Kabila.'] [' Most of Salt for Svanetia describes and explores the daily life of the Svan people, who are living isolated from civilisation in a harsh natural environment in the mountainous region of Svanetia. The film starts with the Lenin quotation "Even now there are far reaches of the Soviet Union where the patriarchal way of life persists along with remnants of the clan system." Svanetia and the mountain village of Ushguli are then located on two slowly dissolving maps of the region and are described as "cut off from civilization by mountains and glaciers". The location of the village is further introduced by several expository shots showing the Svanetian landscape. The film then concentrates on the daily routine of the villagers. One sequence shows how sheep are raised, and how wool and yarn are produced. Another scene shows a suspension bridge and a man trying to cross it. A harvest during an early snowstorm is shown. Other scenes show how the Svan people tailor their clothes, make hats, cut their hair and bury their dead. The film then concentrates on the lack of salt supplies. Cut off from the outside world for most of the year, the village suffers from a shortage of salt. It is shown how this forces the animals to lick human sweat and urine. The solution to the salt shortage is presented in the climax of the film where the young Soviet power builds a road that connects the isolated region to the outside world. The film shows how teams of construction workers with their steamrollers arrive, cutting down a forest that is the last obstacle for the road that will connect the Svan people with Soviet civilisation.'] ["In Al Franken: God Spoke, the makers of The War Room capture the emergence of Al Franken as a political commentator. The film is shot over the course of two years and follows Franken from his highly publicized feud with Fox News Channel anchor Bill O'Reilly to his fierce campaign against President George W. Bush during the 2004 election.  The film goes to several different places to catch Franken in real settings. The film crew went with him to Iraq during a USO tour in that country, followed him during his airing on Air America Radio, and during his various campaigns. The film crew is given behind the scenes access as the noted liberal goes up against his rivals. The film features many of those allied with Franken and many of his opponents. Some of his allies in this film include Michael Moore, Al Gore, and Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Some of his featured opponents include Ann Coulter and Bill O'Reilly."] ["This film tells the story of the trajectory of Perry's career as gospel singer Katheryn Hudson until the present day as pop singer and global superstar Katy Perry, bearing testimony from Katy about her childhood, talking about the Teenage Dream era, with scenes from backstage of her last world tour while trying to take time to resolve personal problems, including her divorce from English comedian Russell Brand. The interim scenes document her last world tour, the California Dreams Tour, and were recorded on November 23, 2011 at Staples Center, Los Angeles."] ['Joanes sets out to profile people who are breaking away from conventional models of agriculture and food production. In the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia, Joel Salatin explains how he keeps his cows, chickens, pigs and natural grasses flourishing without using artificial fertilizers by closing the nutrient cycle. At Growing Power farm in Milwaukee, we meet Will Allen, who is turning three acres of industrial wasteland into nourishing farmland for his neighborhood. In Kansas City, David Ball breaks away from the standard concept of a supermarket by stocking his stores with produce from a cooperative of local farmers.'] [' Nilkanth walked 12,000 kilometers around the Indian subcontinent over a span of 7 years. His journey took him through the "dense jungles, fertile plains, majestic mountains, mighty rivers, and peaceful coastlines" of India.  On 29 June 29, 1792 at the age of 11, Nilkanth left home "to begin his life work of establishing ekantik dharma."Dave, H.T. Life and Philosophy of Shree Swaminarayan. 2nd edition. London: George Allen and Unwin, 1974. Nilkanth took very few possessions with him on his journey. Known articles include a loin cloth, "a rosary, a kerchief, a piece of cloth for filtering water and a small manuscript."Parekh, Manilal C. Shri Svaminarayan. 3rd edition. Bombay: Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, 1980'] ["In the middle of a Luanda slum , DJ Buda owns a recording studio, giving the opportunity to young singers to express themselves. Rhyming at Buda’s beats, kids shout out all their worries and everyday experiences to his old micro with an incredible energyhttp://www.publico.pt/Cultura/doclisboa-exibe-filme-angolano-sobre-kuduro-1405122. In the end they dance joyfully, laugh and listen to their own work with the inhabitants of the neighbourhood. A new music and parties' market is exploding with the new generation."] ["In 2002, filmmakers/musicians Haylar Garcia and Scott Baxendale began work on a screenplay, which takes place over 30 years in Rock & Roll history, and chronicles the true-life events of Scott Baxendale's life as a guitar maker. Baxendale and Garcia began the search for an actor to play the film's lead, eventually settling on Johnny Depp. As the fourth draft of the script became finalized in late 2004, Garcia and Baxendale decided to show Depp Baxendale's craftmenship by giving the actor one of his guitars. Over the course of the next few months, Baxendale built a custom design, solid-body electric guitar for Depp. In the rear of the instrument he built a special chamber, meant to house and display the film script. But then arose another problem—how to deliver the guitar to Depp. With the help of their indie production team and Johnny Depp fans around the world, Garcia and Baxendale set out on a quest to hand deliver the guitar and script to Johnny Depp, all the while filming their journey.Do It For Johnny"] ['"To Touch the Soul" follows California State University, Long Beach Professor Carlos Silveira, a Brazilian-born artist educator and social activist who recruits 27 American university students to join him in a pilot program that uses art to help impoverished Cambodian children affected by HIV/AIDS express their wishes and desires for their futures. As Carlos and the students grapple with the realities of a culture much different from their own, a language they don\'t understand, art projects that don\'t go as planned and a three-week deadline, they form a bond with the children. Through these young Cambodian mentors—all of them abandoned by society—the Americans empower their own social activism and learn the true meaning of kindness, selflessness, courage and community.'] ["The film focuses on the coffee growers of the Oromia Region of southern and western Ethiopia, the birthplace of coffee. It follows Tadesse Meskela, the General Manager of the Oromia Coffee Farmers Cooperative Union, as he visits coffee-growing regions in Sidamo and Oromia (including the Kilenso Mokonisa Cooperative in the [[Bore , as well as a coffee processing center, a coffee auction house, and his union's headquarters in Addis Ababa. He also travels to England and the United States in an effort to promote Ethiopian coffee by eliminating the numerous middlemen. There is also a scene where coffee farmers pray to God for a higher price, which was filmed at the Negele Gorbitu Cooperative, located near Irgachefe in the Abaya woreda of the Borena Zone. The Ethiopian footage was filmed on two occasions , for six weeks each time.{{cite web}}"] ['This documentary explores the emigration myth. The main character’s curiosity takes him to London, a cosmopolitan city where one must fight to survive, before he joins other communities with different horizons. Why do people from so many nationalities end up on that piece of land? Were they looking for something better? A fifth island?'] ['Director Andrew J. Kuehn has excerpted brief segments of terror and suspense in a wide variety of horror films and strung them together with added commentary, as well as some enacted narrative, to create a compilation of fright-inducing effects. Halloween actor Donald Pleasence and Dressed to Kill star Nancy Allen provide the commentary on topics such as "sex and terror" (Dressed to Kill, Klute, Ms. 45, The Seduction, [[When a Stranger Calls , loathsome villains (Marathon Man, Nighthawks, Touch of Evil, Vice Squad, [[Wait Until Dark , and the occult (Rosemary\'s Baby, The Exorcist, The Omen, Carrie, [[The Shining . In one segment of the anthology, legendary filmmaker Alfred Hitchcock presents his concepts of how to create suspense in a clip from Alfred Hitchcock: Men Who Made The Movies.'] ['{{unreferenced section}} The title comes from the Swahili term "Maafa", which means "tragedy" or "disaster", and is used to describe the centuries of oppression of African people, globally, during slavery, apartheid and colonial rule. "21" refers to the maafa of the 21st century, which the film says is abortion by black women. It states that abortion has reduced the Black population in the United States by 25 percent. The film discusses some of Planned Parenthood\'s origins , attributing to it a "150-year-old goal of exterminating the black population." It attacks Margaret Sanger, along with other birth control advocates, as a racist eugenicist. The film features Alveda King, who claims that Sanger targeted Blacks.'] ["Between April and June 1994, an estimated 800,000 Rwandans were killed in 100 days. Most of the dead were Tutsis by the hands of the Hutus. The genocide began when Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana's plane was shot down above Kigali airport on April 6, 1994. Canadian Armed Forces General Roméo Dallaire was put in charge of a United Nations peacekeeping force during this 1994 genocide. His proposal called for 5,000 soldiers to permit orderly elections and the return of the refugees. The soldiers were never supplied and the killing began. The documentary tells the story of the now-retired Lieutenant-General Dallaire, and shows his return to Rwanda after ten years. It features interviews with Stephen Lewis and BBC reporter Mark Doyle, among others."] ['Art historians and scientists have joined forces, enabling new details about paintings to be exposed. Using cutting edge x-ray techniques, art historians are now able to see beneath the surface on famous pieces of art. The combination of new data and expert knowledge of artists’ methods allow the Rembrandt Research Project to make startling new discoveries.'] ["The film features live stand-up performances filmed at Phoenix's Dodge Theater in July 2002 as well as behind-the-scenes sequences highlighting the individual comedians."] ['In 1975, bodybuilders are preparing for the upcoming Mr. Universe amateur competition and Mr. Olympia professional competition in Pretoria, South Africa. The first part of the film documents the life of Mike Katz, a hopeful for the title of Mr. Universe. Katz\'s being bullied in his youth for being Jewish and wearing glasses spurred him to become a pro football player; when his career with the New York Jets was ended by a leg injury, Katz became a bodybuilder. His psychological balance is thrown off by a prank by fellow contender Ken Waller, who steals Katz\'s lucky shirt before the competition. Waller wins Mr. Universe, and Katz comes in fourth. Fighting back tears, he cheerfully appraises the situation before deciding to call home and check up on his wife and children. Katz then goes to congratulate Waller. The film then switches focus to the rivalry between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Lou Ferrigno, professional bodybuilders competing for the title of Mr. Olympia. Schwarzenegger, a ten-year veteran of bodybuilding, has won Mr. Olympia for five consecutive years, and intends to retire after a final competition. Ferrigno is determined to be the man to finally beat Schwarzenegger. The film contrasts each man\'s personality, home environment, and training style: Schwarzenegger is extroverted, aggressive, and works out with other bodybuilders at Gold\'s Gym and Muscle Beach, whereas the quiet, reserved Ferrigno - who went partially deaf after a childhood ear infection - trains with his father in a dimly lit, private basement gym. While Ferrigno surrounds himself with his family, Schwarzenegger is accompanied wherever he goes by other bodybuilders, reporters, and beautiful women. In between interviews and workout demonstrations with Ferrigno and Schwarzenegger, Schwarzenegger explains the basic concepts behind bodybuilding. Although he emphasizes the importance of physique in bodybuilding, Schwarzenegger also stresses the psychological aspects of competition, crediting meticulously crafted strategies of psychological warfare against his opponents for his numerous victories. The film briefly looks at Schwarzenegger\'s training partner, Franco Columbu, a favorite to win first in the under-200 pound division at Mr. Olympia. A former boxer from a tiny village in Sardinia, Columbu returns home to celebrate a traditional dinner with his family, who still ascribe to old world values and are skeptical of the overt aggression of boxing and bodybuilding. Nevertheless, Columbu impresses his family with a display of strength by lifting the back end of a car and moving it down a street. In South Africa, Schwarzenegger wages his psychological warfare on Ferrigno, befriending Ferrigno and then subtly insulting him over breakfast with his family. The strategy appears to work and Ferrigno becomes troubled. Meanwhile, Schwarzenegger attends the judging for the under 200 pound class in order to scope out who his competition will be for the overall Mr. Olympia title, jokingly disparaging Columbu. The appearance of Ed Corney stuns Schwarzenegger, who for the only time in the film praises another bodybuilder, openly admiring Corney\'s physique and posing prowess. Columbu places first and he moves on to compete against the winner of the over 200 pound category. Schwarzenegger, Ferrigno, and Serge Nubret prepare to go onstage and compete for the over 200 pound category. In the locker room, Schwarzenegger engages in some last-minute intimidation of Ferrigno and succeeds in weakening Ferrigno\'s confidence. Ferrigno is visibly shaken onstage, and as a result, ends up placing third behind Nubret and Schwarzenegger, who is declared the winner. Schwarzenegger and Columbu engage in a posedown for the title of Mr. Olympia. Schwarzenegger uses his stage presence and intimidating looks to unnerve Columbu, who falters. Schwarzenegger is declared Mr. Olympia, and in a post-victory speech announces his official retirement from professional bodybuilding. Later, at an after party for the competitors, Schwarzenegger celebrates his victory by smoking marijuana and eating fried chicken. The competition over, he wishes Ferrigno happy birthday and leads the other competitors in singing "Happy Birthday to You" as a cake is revealed. The film ends with Schwarzenegger, Ferrigno and Ferrigno\'s parents riding together to the airport.'] ['In 1896, Ethiopia, largely armed with spears and knives, defeats a well-equipped and organized Italian military bent on colonization. On March 2, 1896, the Italians embarked on the final European conquest of an African nation, Ethiopia. With brilliant military intelligence and gallant generals at the helm, united and willed, the Ethiopian people rose their way to triumph over the Italians at the Battle of Adwa. The event ignited a lasting flame of hope, of freedom and independence in the hearts of African people. Haile Gerima, the director and producer of this important historic landmark, joins the voices of Ethiopian historians, elders, priests, poets and singers, capturing on film the powerful education and experience that shaped his consciousness. In a collage of Ethiopian landscapes, paintings, photographs and faces, the film illuminates one of the hidden sources of African empowerment.'] ["The film has a very thin plot which is no more than a vehicle to link together the concert footage. It concerns the adventures of Ashley Wallace ([[Robert Hughes , a naïve DJ on Radio 2TW, who normally presents a through-the-night country and western-themed show. In spite of this, he is sent by the station's boss  to get an in-depth interview  with the group, whose fame and stature neither he nor Ashley have the first clue about, which is to be aired on the day ABBA leave Australia. Needless to say, Ashley, who has never done an interview before, singularly fails, mainly because he has forgotten to pack his press card, although the fact that he is unable to buy a ticket doesn't help matters either. Armed with his trusty reel-to-reel tape recorder, Ashley is forced to follow the group all over Australia, beginning in Sydney, and then travelling, in order, to Perth, Adelaide, and Melbourne, experiencing repeated run-ins with the group's very protective bodyguard , as well as his increasingly exasperated boss. Throughout the movie, we see Ashley interviewing members of the public, asking them if and why they like ABBA- most comments are positive. Eventually, Ashley has an unbelievably lucky chance encounter with Stig Anderson, the group's manager, who agrees to arrange an interview, and gives him tickets to that evening's concert. But Ashley sleeps in and misses the appointed interview time. Just as Ashley is about to give up , he steps into an elevator and finds himself face-to-face with ABBA. They agree to give him an interview, and he leaves Melbourne just in time to meet the deadline for the radio show to go out on-air. He puts together the final edit in the back of a taxi on the way back from the airport, as ABBA depart Australia for Europe. With only minutes to go, Ashley makes it back to the radio station where, having set the tape up on the studio's playback machine, he relaxes at his control desk to listen as the interview—which he worked so long and hard to obtain—is broadcast over the airwaves Down Under."] ['Bouncing Cats is the story of one man\'s attempt to create a better life for the children of Uganda using the unlikely tool of hip-hop with a focus on b-boy culture and breakdance. Abraham "Abramz" Tekya, a Ugandan b-boy and an AIDS orphan creates a free workshop teaching youth b-boy culture to 300 disenfranchised kids living in precarious conditions in Kampala in 2006, and in Gulu in North Uganda. Uganda is often referred to as one of the worst places on earth to be a child. War Child: Uganda Profile Crazy Legs receives an invitation from Abramz to teach b-boy classes in Uganda. He accepts to join the program and is inspired by the passion for hip-hop by the kids enrolled in it. Bouncing Cats follows Abramz, Crazy Legs, and Breakdance Project Uganda on a journey to use hip-hop culture for positive social change. In terms of the title, Bouncing Cats "is the sound made by the kids in Uganda when they have no access to a boombox,” according to the film\'s director, Nabil Elderkin, “Using \'bouncing cats, baboons and cats\' in repetition, they create their own beat.” Kotori Magazine: Nabil Elderkin\'s Bouncing Cats'] ["This film documents the November 1984 death of Wilson, who was regarded as the best basketball player in the country, but was shot the day before his senior season of high school basketball. The film documents the cultural ripple effects of his life and death. It documents the contemporaneous impact of the death on those closest to Wilson, such as Anderson, and the long-run influence of his death on Chicago's youth, such as Parker."] ['If I Should Fall eloquently portrays the story of one martyred soldier, and in doing so, tells the story of many others. The original idea by Joint Media Group Inc. of London, Ontario was to try to make a pilot for TV called Afghan Diaries two years prior and wanted to do an episode on what happens when a soldier dies.Ubiquitous magazine: Documentary of Fallen Soldier Helping Others Understand War and Loss Culliton conducted many interviews, but his meeting with the Diabs and suggestion of his father and producer Paul Culliton, he decided to focus on Marc Diab, a 22-year old trooper of The Royal Canadian Dragoons and of Lebanese origin who on March 8, 2009, was killed in Afghanistan when his vehicle struck an Improvised Explosive Device . The film uses some footage videotaped by Marc Diab himself and many other soldiers narrating process when IEDs were found. The film furthermore includes hand-held footage taken by another warrior of the scene after his own armoured personal carrier was hit by an IED.The Toronto Sun: YouTube brings home reality of war It also uses a montage prepared by Diab himself, called "See You Tomorrow" for his loved ones in case he didn\'t come home alive.National Post: Movie focuses on the death of one of Afghan war\'s \'regular guys\' In the wake of his death, countless lives were changed forever. The documentary tells the story of Marc Diab\'s life through the accounts of those who loved him: his family , his comrades of D Squadron, Royal Canadian Dragoons, based in Petawawa, Ont., and his beloved girlfriend. Viewers see the human face behind the honor and sacrifice of soldiers and the heavy price they and their families pay for their nation. Supported by an ensemble of renowned Canadian military experts, including retired Major General Lewis MacKenzie, Esprit de Corps magazine\'s Scott Taylor, and author Captain Ray Wiss M.D., the film explores the conflict in Afghanistan and the timeless tragedy of what it means to lose a loved one to war.'] ["This film explores the reactions and response of New York City's artistic community to the ravages of the AIDS epidemic and other issues of homosexuality. Activist interview include representatives from the many arts organizations that have alerted the public to the crisis through performance art, music, theater and literature. Even with the gentler voices, the film’s undercurrent is an angry demand for action and recognition. Artist David Wajnarowicz appears shaking with anger as he confronts the diseased society that has turned its back on him and all other AIDS victims. He reads several angry tirades and provides experimental film material and paintings. Painter Rafael Gamba provides a vengeful indictment of homophobic bigotry. Other segments include Keith Haring. He is seen working on a complicated erotic mural, commenting that: This painting is about nostalgia. It's not about anything that could happen now. Haring shares his nostalgic longing for the days of carefree sex. Allen Ginsberg's muses on sexual experimentation and attitudes and declares that the planet itself has AIDS."] ["The film starts with a brief look at cotton being picked on a plantation in the southern USA, before cutting to the Kodak plant in Rochester, New York where the raw cotton is processed into cellulose which is treated with silver and other materials to make film stock. Behind the scenes at the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios in Culver City, California, where sets are being constructed, we see make-up artist Jack Dawn demonstrating his Abraham Lincoln make-up, costume designer Adrian sketching a dress for Jeanette MacDonald in The Firefly , composer Herbert Stothart conducting the music for Conquest , Virginia Grey doing her first screen test with Clark Gable, and candid footage of Robert Montgomery, Cliff Edwards, Rosalind Russell, Gladys George, Jessie Ralph, Maureen O'Sullivan and studio trainer Don Loomis. The film concludes with a montage from trailers for coming MGM pictures featuring the studio's parade of stars."] ["At age 73, writer and melancholy master of the bon mot, Quentin Crisp , became an Englishman in New York. Rossiter's camera follows Crisp about the streets of Manhattan, where Crisp seems very much at home, wearing eye shadow, appearing on a makeshift stage, making and repeating wry observations, talking to John Hurt , and dining with friends. Others who know Crisp comment on him, on his life as an openly gay man with an effeminate manner, and on his place in the history of gays' social struggle. The portrait that emerges is one of wit and of suffering."] ['Crazy Sexy Cancer is the personal video diary of Kris Carr, a young actress, photographer, and filmmaker. Carr\'s struggle with cancer begins after a visit to the doctor, following a particularly difficult yoga class. Initially thinking it was a yoga-related injury, Carr is devastated to learn she has a rare form of cancer, epithelioid hemangioendothelioma . Despite its rarity, Carr is told that her tumors are not behaving aggressively, and so her doctor advises that she "watch and wait" for two months before having more tests to determine whether the tumors change, grow, or remain the same.Carr, Kris. Crazy Sexy Cancer Tips. Skirt Publications, 2007. Her first stop out of the doctor\'s office is a shopping trip to the organic grocer Whole Foods. Her careful and precise monitoring of her food intake allows her a sense of control which she finds comforting.'] ['The film tells the story of Victoria, Mariana and Vasco, three physically disabled young Mozambicans that live on the outskirts of Maputo. On a daily basis, they must face an endless list of physical, physiological and emotional obstacles that they each find a solution to in their own way by means of work, other activities and their attitude. The film explores the way they see other people and themselves. It poses such universal questions such as accepting oneself and how to find one’s place in society.'] ['Pierre Schoendoerffer revisits his life and career, with a strong focus on the impact that his experience as a war cinematographer for the French army during the Indochina War had on him.'] ['The film explores the true origins of creativity in arts through interviews to several figures of the artistic media: *Musician David Bowie. *Pop artist Roy Lichtenstein. *Glass sculptor Dale Chihuly. *Dance choreographer Édouard Lock. *Dancer Louise LeCavalier. *Potter/poet Nora Naranjo-Morse. *Architect Tadao Ando.'] ['A blind violinist called Sibi has been singing and playing in cabarets in the most popular neighborhoods of Koudougou, Burkina Faso, for more than 30 years. He knows the origins of the ethnic groups and the most important family lines in the region. The film goes to the encounter of this extraordinary man who holds, despite himself and surrounded by general indifference, the living history of the region, and its oral traditions, now threatened with extinction. A message in a bottle before it is too late and these memories disappear forever.'] ['The film tells the story of a poverty stricken boy in one of the poorest parts of Kenya who looks up towards the heavens and dreams of being an airline pilot, of being able to fly. {{quotation}}'] ['The film follows Pearl Jam on the 2004 Vote for Change tour, a politically motivated American popular music concert tour that took place in October 2004.{{cite web | urlVoices for Change | accessdateRolling Stone | date"voteforchange?">{{cite web}} The film\'s timespan runs from just prior to the start of the tour to Election Day 2004.'] ['{{cquote2}} The Heart of Texas is the story of Grover Norwood and Ulice Parker. When tragedy pierces the heart of a small community on the quiet Texas plains, its townspeople witness what can happen when grace and forgiveness triumph over angiush and outrage. Against the traffic of our crowded lives, a story of such forgiveness can seem more of a work of fiction...yet every moment of this story is true.http://www.heartoftexasthemovie.com/index.html'] ['The story of community in the Deep South that is forced to deal with the struggles of ignorance, hypocrisy and oppression,{{citation}}'] ['The film follows the pop star Justin Bieber during 10 days counting down to what is considered his biggest performance, that of August 31, 2010 in Madison Square Garden, which sold out in 22 minutes. It shows footage of the performances during this period from his My World Tour. It shows excited female fans, and several instances of the "One Less Lonely Girl" routine of inviting a girl on stage for him to serenade and give flowers to, and of surprising random girls with free tickets to his concerts. The main people around Bieber, being like family and good friends to him, are interviewed, but Bieber himself is not. Various instances of praying together before a show are shown. The film also includes a visit Bieber made to his hometown while being in Canada for the tour. He is scolded for having damaged his voice while having fun with his old friends. Reluctantly he accepts the postponement of a performance in Syracuse. He is not allowed to speak for some days, and thus recovers enough to do the next performance, at MSG. Also included are some of the story and old videos of Bieber\'s childhood. He was raised by his mother but also had a very special bond with his maternal grandfather. The latter still gets emotional about the time that Bieber and his mother moved to Atlanta.'] ['In September 2004, UVSC student council leaders, Jim Bassi and Joseph Vogel, invited liberal filmmaker Michael Moore to come speak on campus. The predominately conservative community of Orem surrounding the school erupted in an uproar. A pandemonium of protests, petitions, and demonstrations escalated into hate mail, threatening phone calls, threatened lawsuits, and countless incendiary editorials.{{cite web |lastRichard |titlehttp://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp-dyn/A4247-2005Mar27 |work7 November 2011 |datehttp://www.newsnet.byu.edu/story.cfm/52917/1121|accessdateHannity\'s bill totals $49,850|publisher"slc1"> {{cite web |lastMark |titlehttp://archive.sltrib.com/article.php?idNGPSID&keyword |work15 November 2011 |date"deseret2> {{cite web}}'] ['The Judge and the General tells a story of personal transformation, as a Chilean judge descends into what he calls the "abyss" of investigating crimes committed by Augusto Pinochet\'s dictatorship during the 1970s and 1980s in Chile. Appeals Court Judge Juan Guzmán opposed the democratically elected Salvador Allende and supported General Pinochet until being assigned in 1998—by judicial lottery—the first criminal cases against him.  Filmmakers Elizabeth Farnsworth and Patricio Lanfranco follow Guzmán\'s investigations as he solves cases of murder and kidnapping and considers whether to indict Pinochet. Viewers watch as Guzmán confronts his past collusion with the military government and faces his own doubts about whether Pinochet should be indicted or not. The documentary begins with Judge Guzmán’s expressions of anguish, as he watches supporters of Pinochet taunt opponents during the general’s funeral in Santiago in December 2006. The taunts – which laud the killings of the Pinochet years—take Guzmán back to the hatred and chaos of the Allende period, the 1973 Pinochet coup, and ensuing terror. The film flashes back briefly to those years, as Guzmán and others recall that time. The film then follows two investigations which take viewers deeply into the story. Manuel Donoso was a young sociology professor killed just after the coup. The documentary cuts back and forth between a disinterment of Donoso’s remains and his wife’s story, as she recounts his arrest, torture and death. The case widens out as the documentary moves between past and present, and other characters place the crime in context. The other key case features Cecilia  Castro, whose mother, Edita, faced a ghastly “Sophie’s Choice.” She led Pinochet’s secret police to her daughter’s hiding place in order to save a granddaughter’s life. Judge Guzmán and detectives investigate this case from, among other locations, a boat off the Chilean coast, where underwater cameras capture the shocking images of divers bringing up rails that had been tied to bodies of political prisoners thrown into the sea. Guzmán is, perhaps, “the good German,” a citizen blind to the crimes around him until chance forces him into an investigation he never sought and didn’t want. As a young man he had served briefly as a clerk in the Court of Appeals during the worst years of repression under Pinochet. Judges of that court had to decide on thousands of habeas corpus petitions filed on behalf of victims, many of whom had disappeared into secret detention centers. Nearly all the petitions were denied, and Juan Guzmán wrote some of those denials. Had they been granted, many lives would have been saved. Viewers watch as he struggles with this memory and describes how his investigation made him realize how “blind” he had been. “ I would say it opened the eyes of my soul,” he says. Guzman’s colleagues–-attorneys and judges—had doubted Guzman’s competence and his willingness to pursue Pinochet. By the end of the film, viewers will know whether they were right or wrong.'] ['The film examines a number of residents and their lives in the Mesa. One resident builds a home after his previous house burnt down during a government raid for marijuana. An alcoholic Gulf War veteran loses custody of his three children to his estranged wife in Connecticut. Another veteran struggles with cancer and chooses to remain in the Mesa rather than accept treatment. An elderly pig farmer takes in a teenage runaway, who leaves the community and later returns pregnant. A group of young vegans whom the residents call the Nowhere Kids begin robbing the homes of other residents. The community pulls together to resolve the situation peacefully, and the Nowhere Kids are allowed to remain in the Mesa.'] ['The film begins with a prologue, the only commentary in the film. It consists of the following text, shown sequentially, against a gray background: {| border"0" cellspacing"width:50%; margin:auto; background: white; text-align: center; font-size: 95%" | style"background:#eee;" | 20 Jahre nach dem Ausbruch des Weltkrieges [20 years after the outbreak of the World War] |- | style"background:#eee;" | 19 Monate nach dem Beginn der deutschen Wiedergeburt [19 months after the beginning of the German rebirth] |- | style="background:#eee;" | flog Adolf Hitler wiederum nach Nürnberg, um Heerschau abzuhalten über seine Getreuen [Adolf Hitler flew again to Nuremberg to review the columns of his faithful followers] |} Day 1: The film opens with shots of the clouds above the city, and then moves through the clouds to float above the assembling masses below, with the intention of portraying beauty and majesty of the scene. The cruciform shadow of Hitler\'s plane is visible as it passes over the tiny figures marching below, accompanied by music from Richard Wagner\'s Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, which slowly turns into the Horst-Wessel-Lied. Upon arriving at the Nuremberg airport, Hitler and other Nazi leaders emerge from his plane to thunderous applause and a cheering crowd. He is then driven into Nuremberg, through equally enthusiastic people, to his hotel where a night rally is later held. Day 2: The second day begins with a montage of the attendees getting ready for the opening of the Reich Party Congress, and then footage of the top Nazi officials arriving at the Luitpold Arena. The film then cuts to the opening ceremony, where Rudolf Hess announces the start of the Congress. The camera then introduces much of the Nazi hierarchy and covers their opening speeches, including Joseph Goebbels, Alfred Rosenberg, Hans Frank, Fritz Todt, Robert Ley, and Julius Streicher. Then the film cuts to an outdoor rally for the Reichsarbeitsdienst , which is primarily a series of pseudo-military drills by men carrying spades. This is also where Hitler gives his first speech on the merits of the Labor Service and praising them for their work in rebuilding Germany. The day then ends with a torchlight SA parade in which Viktor Lutze speaks to the crowds. Day 3: The third day starts with a Hitler Youth rally on the parade ground. Again the camera covers the Nazi dignitaries arriving and the introduction of Hitler by Baldur von Schirach. Hitler then addresses the Youth, describing in militaristic terms how they must harden themselves and prepare for sacrifice. Everyone present, including General Werner von Blomberg, then assemble for a military pass and review, featuring Wehrmacht cavalry and various armored vehicles. That night Hitler delivers another speech to low-ranking party officials by torchlight, commemorating the first year since the Nazis took power and declaring that the party and state are one entity. Day 4: The fourth day is the climax of the film, where the most memorable of the imagery is presented. Hitler, flanked by Heinrich Himmler and Viktor Lutze, walks through a long wide expanse with over 150,000 SA and SS troops standing at attention, to lay a wreath at a World War I Memorial. Hitler then reviews the parading SA and SS men, following which Hitler and Lutze deliver a speech where they discuss the Night of the Long Knives purge of the SA several months prior. Lutze reaffirms the SA\'s loyalty to the regime, and Hitler absolves the SA of any crimes committed by Ernst Röhm. New party flags are consecrated by letting them touch the Blutfahne  and, following a final parade in front of the Nuremberg Frauenkirche, Hitler delivers his closing speech. In it he reaffirms the primacy of the Nazi Party in Germany, declaring, "All loyal Germans will become National Socialists. Only the best National Socialists are party comrades!" Hess then leads the assembled crowd in a final Sieg Heil salute for Hitler, marking the close of the party congress. The entire crowd sings the Horst-Wessel-Lied as the camera focuses on the giant Swastika banner, which fades into a line of silhouetted men in Nazi party uniforms, marching in formation as the lyrics "Comrades shot by the Red Front and the Reactionaries march in spirit together in our columns" are sung.'] ["The film follows Craig's relationships over a twenty year period using answer phone tapes and photos of the time. The recordings were originally kept as 'a sort of diary' though this eventually developed into the film."] ['The main subjects of the documentary are Brad Morgan, Frank Hanna, and Jimmy Lai. Morgan, a dairy farmer from Evart, Michigan discusses his journey from a struggling dairy farmer to the owner and operator of a million-dollar dairy and compost company. Hanna, a merchant banker in New York City who originally hails from Georgia, explains how financial engineering not only makes credit more widely available to entrepreneurs today but also played a crucial role in the discovery of America. Lai talks about his childhood in Communist China and his move at twelve years old to Hong Kong. There, he founded Giordano, a retail outlet, and later Next Media. Lai explains that entrepreneurs, when taking risks, are "dashing into hope." The documentary also contains information from experts in the field of economics, including Rev. Robert Sirico, founder and President of the Acton Institute, Dr. Samuel Gregg, Dr. Jay Richards, George Gilder, and Michael Novak.'] ["Ten years after shooting Kafi's Story British filmmaker Arthur Howes reentered in Sudan clandestinely to find out what had happened to the Nuba peoples of Torogi. He found Jihad faces everywhere. For example, a remarkable television program, Fields of Sacrifice, celebrates that week's casualties in the war against the Nuba and features family members thanking Allah for having taken their sons and brothers as martyrs. Much of the Nuba population was enrolled by the rebel movement Sudan People's Liberation Army during the Second Sudanese Civil War. Others have left their home places and live now in Refugee camp. Arthur Howes takes his previous documentary Kafi's Story and he shows it to some Nuba people living in one of these refugee camps in Kenya. Later on, in 2002, Nuba Conversations was presented in the United Nations headquarters in Nairobi to the parts involved in the warfare. And it is believed that it has strongly contributed to speed up the peace process http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/obituaries/1478456/Arthur-Howes.html."] ['Using donated digital tapes and a camera purchased with money earned from an eBay sale, indie filmmaker Duane Graves chronicles a year in the life of his charismatic childhood chum, Rene Moreno, who was born with Down Syndrome. After graduating from a high school for special students in San Antonio, TX, Moreno sets out to make his way in the adult world, optimistically battling the prejudices his condition engenders.'] ['The documentary follows the story of Mark Manning, the only westerner to live among the residents of Fallujah, Iraq, following the November 2004 battle that destroyed the city.'] ['A group of Baker fans, ranging from ex-associates to ex-wives and children, talk about the man. Weber’s film traces the man’s career from the 1950s, playing with jazz greats like Charlie Parker, Gerry Mulligan, and Russ Freeman, to the 1980s, when his heroin addiction and domestic indifference kept him in Europe. By juxtaposing these two decades, Weber presents a sharp contrast between the younger, handsome Baker — the statuesque idol who resembled a mix of James Dean and Jack Kerouac — to what he became, “a seamy looking drugstore cowboy-cum-derelict,” as J. Hoberman put it in his Village Voice review.<ref name Hoberman | first  | title  Village Voice | pages  | publisher  April 25, 1989 | url  }} Let’s Get Lost begins near the end of Baker’s life, on the beaches of Santa Monica, and ends at the Cannes Film Festival. Weber uses these moments in the present as bookends to the historic footage contained in the bulk of the film. The documentation ranges from vintage photographs by William Claxton in 1953 to appearances on The Steve Allen Show and kitschy, low budget Italian films Baker did for quick money.'] ['The film involves an undercover investigation by LCA\'s special investigations unit of Martin Creek Kennel in Williford, Arkansas, an alleged "Class B" dealer. A member of the unit obtains a job at the kennel and documents deplorable conditions: dead dogs, dying dogs, starving dogs, dogs covered with wounds, dogs with missing ears.'] ["With archive film clips and interviews, this brief look at a frequently overlooked historical period of filmmaking acts as an introduction rather than a complete record. Features interviews with some of the genre's biggest stars, like Fred Williamson, Pam Grier, and Richard Roundtree. Director Melvin Van Peebles discusses the historical importance of his landmark film Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song. For a contemporary perspective, the excitable Quentin Tarantino offers his spirited commentary and author/critic bell hooks provides some scholarly social analysis. The music of Blaxploitation films is discussed, focusing on Curtis Mayfield's Super Fly and Isaac Hayes' Shaft. Interviews with writer/director Larry Cohen and film historian Armond White are also featured. BaadAsssss Cinema was originally shown on the Independent Film Channel in August 2002 as part of a week-long Blaxploitation film festival.  *Larry Cohen *Ron Finley *Pam Grier *Ed Guerrero *Gloria Hendry *bell hooks *Samuel L. Jackson *Elvis Mitchell *Afeni Shakur *Quentin Tarantino *Melvin Van Peebles *Armond White *Fred Williamson *Isaac Hayes — archive footage *Roy Innis — archive footage *Jesse Jackson — archive footage *Ron O'Neal — archive footage *Gordon Parks — archive footage"] ['Streetwise portrays the lives of nine desperate teenagers. Thrown too young into a seedy grown up world, these runaways and castaways survive, but just barely. Rat, the dumpster diver, Tiny, the teenage prostitute, Shellie, the baby-faced blonde, DeWayne, the hustler, all old beyond their years. All underage survivors fighting for life and love on the streets of downtown Seattle, Washington.'] ['!Women Art Revolution explores the "secret history" of feminist art, through conversations, observations, archival footage, and works of visionary artists, historians, curators and critics. Starting from its roots in 1960s antiwar and civil rights protests, the film details major developments in feminist art through the 1970s and explores how the tenacity and courage of these pioneering artists resulted in what is now widely regarded as the most significant art movement of the late 20th century. For more than forty years, filmmaker Lynn Hershman Leeson  has collected a plethora of interviews with her contemporaries—and shaped them into an intimate portrayal of their fight to break down barriers facing women both in the art world and society at large. With a score by Sleater-Kinney’s Carrie Brownstein, !W.A.R. features Miranda July, The Guerilla Girls, Yvonne Rainer, Judy Chicago, Marina Abramovic, Yoko Ono, Cindy Sherman, Barbara Kruger, B. Ruby Rich, Ingrid Sischy, Carolee Schneemann, Miriam Schapiro and Marcia Tucker.'] ['Rescued from the mean streets and animal shelters of Kingston, 12 stray dogs are trained to be the stars of Jamaica’s first dogsled racing team. The crew, spearheaded by pop superstar Jimmy Buffett, brings the unlikely meeting of a traditionally snow-bound sport to the sand and surf. The team’s dog mushers are given the opportunity of a lifetime as they cultivate their love of animals while receiving an education and traveling the world. The film features interviews with the founder of the Jamaica Dogsled Team and footage of their training.'] ['"We all get dressed for Bill", says Vogue editor Anna Wintour. The Bill in question is New York Times photographer Bill Cunningham. For decades, this Schwinn-riding cultural anthropologist has been obsessively and inventively chronicling fashion trends and high-society charity soirees for the Times{{\'}}s Style section in his columns "On the Street" and "Evening Hours". Full of uptown fixtures , downtown eccentrics and everyone in between, Cunningham’s enormous body of work documents its time and place as well as individual flair. Bill Cunningham New York portrays the man at work  and at home .'] ['To the Evuzok, a tribe in the south of Cameroon, there are two kinds of diseases that are cured different ways: the "natural" ones and the ones from the night world, caused by sorcery. Dance to the Spirits is the story of Mba Owona Pierre, the village chief and ngengan . He deals with the sicknesses that come from the night world where spirits live and attack his people. Pierre has a special gift and a responsibility towards his fellow villagers. The dance to the spirits is his main healing ritual.'] ["David Leaf and John Scheinfeld interviewed close to three dozen of Nilsson's friends, colleagues and extended family, who all shared their memories of Harry Nilsson, his music and how it affected them. This was put together in a documentary where we follow Harry Nilsson from childhood to death, enjoying the highs and lows along with him, from Grammy wins through divorce and substance abuse. The film features original interviews with well-known friends and acquaintances of Nilsson, including Perry Botkin, Jr., Micky Dolenz, Terry Gilliam, Mark Hudson, Eric Idle, Al Kooper, Randy Newman, Yoko Ono, Van Dyke Parks, Richard Perry, Jimmy Webb, Paul Williams, Robin Williams, Brian Wilson and The Smothers Brothers. Also included are interviews with Nilsson's family, including his wives and children. Perhaps the most notable absence in the film is Ringo Starr, who does not feel comfortable talking about three people in person: John Lennon, George Harrison and Harry Nilsson. Another notable absence in the film is arranger-composer George Tipton, who worked closely with Nilsson on nearly all of his early RCA recordings - they reportedly had an unexplained and permanent falling-out, and Tipton refused to be interviewed for the film."] ['The film follows the daily lives of four street kids in Yogyakarta Kancil, Topo, Sugeng and Hatta around the legendary Malioboro street, which was once the battleground against the Japanese and the Dutch. The film commemorates the 50th anniversary of Sukarno driving through the street in the aftermath and waving the Flag of Indonesia as he became the first President proclaiming "My nationalism is humanity".http://www.idfa.nl/idfa_en_filmarchive_film.asp?filmid=11343 The film investigates modern life on the street and whether early promises made by Sukarno lived up to expectations.'] ['Teaserama is presented as a documentary film, with all actors and actresses playing themselves. It opens with Bettie Page assisting Tempest Storm with her brassiere. Afterwards, when the show begins, Page separates the acts by showing placards with the names of the acts. Stripteases are provided by Storm, Chris La Chris, Twinnie Wallen, Trudy Wayne, Vicki Lynn, and Cherry Knight. Stand-up comedy is provided by Joe E. Ross and Dave Starr.'] [' Investigated family resemblances, facial recognition and the purpose of the face and its features, going back to five hundred million years ago. It also speculated about the multi-racial face of the future and showed surgeons in Kentucky preparing for the world’s first facial transplant.  Looked at the ubiquity of famous faces on billboards, magazines, and movie screens, and the messages they carry about sex, politics, glamour and power. Considering Diana, Princess of Wales, Jackie Onassis, Marilyn Monroe, it told the story of the face as icon, from Egyptian mummies to Hollywood stars.  Studied whether human physical attractiveness is a matter of personal taste, looking at standards of beauty that are shared worldwide: a pretty face suggest fertility and ugliness suggests poor health. Big eyes, smooth skin and symmetrical features are valued, and can lead to a better job, more money, and better sex.  Looked at how the face communicates without speech, focusing on expressions, disguise and the mysterious art of face-reading{{clarify}}.'] ['Bombay Calling delves into the lives of a group of young Indians working outsourced jobs at a call center in Bombay. Without focusing too much on the politics, it profiles several characters as they train for and attempt to sell phone services to clients in the UK. The film shows both sides of the impact of globalization on India - the economic benefits, but also the break with tradition and loss of innocence the characters face. By the end of the film, the telemarketing venture has failed but the characters are resilient. For this reason, the film has been compared to Startup.com.http://www.eye.net/eye/issue/issue_08.10.06/film/onscreen_2.php'] ['The documentary follows American director, Jim Wynorski, in his attempt to make a film in three days. By cutting shooting schedule, crew, equipment, and food, Jim tries to eliminate any unnecessary limitations that would slow down production. The film also portrays a biographical account of Jim Wynorski as a filmmaker while it presses on several issues regarding the evolution of the B-movie industry.'] ['In the beginning chapter, "Serra Pelada", men from Serra Pelada  are seen carrying bags of dirt up to a destination. In the middle of the chapter, various shots outside of Serra Pelada are shown. Near the end of the chapter, a few men are carrying another man who was struck by a falling rock  uphill along a procession of workers who are carrying dirt filled sacks. After that, several discordant layered exposures of the dirt carriers are shown. The scene cross fades to show the image of a head, with multiple exposures of the same head rapidly rotating and layered upon to give a manifold appearance. This is an apparent allusion to Janus, the god of beginnings, endings and transitions, keeping with the film\'s central themes of progress and change. After that, the film\'s title is shown in red.  In Anthem: Part 1, the sun rises up above an African village. Later, a man raises a sail for a boat. The next chapter, That Place, starts zooming out from a waterfall. Children can be heard laughing. Villages are shown as well as children and upside down water reflections. Anthem: Part 2 has various shots of villages and islands shown. Mosque and Temple shows various natural shots as well as religious scenes. Some of these scenes are a transparent inside a church with someone walking by, a black man praying, a monk sitting while a bird flies off his stick, the same monk walking by the river, a bird flying by a sunset, more children , crows flying above a river, two men rowing their boat in that river, a woman praying in the Ganges River, two men doing yoga, another monk, and a temple in Nepal.'] ['The film follows London-based Pakistani plastic surgeon, Dr. Mohammad Jawad,Saving Face With Acid Attack Surgeon Mohammad Jawad huffingtonpost.co.ukOscar nominated film features pioneering Pakistani surgeon Pakistan Observer Saving Face also broaches the subject of the under-reporting of acid violence against women due to cultural and structural inequalities towards women from Pakistani men.Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy dreams of Pakistan\'s first Oscar BBC The film also features two women attacked by acid and their struggle for justice and healing.A world of heartbreak — and hope — in Oscar short docs Washington Examiner The Acid Survivors Foundation of Pakistan, which is featured in the film, had documented over 100 acid attacks a year in Pakistan but estimates far more due to lack of reporting. Obaid-Chinoy has also stated that the film is "a positive story about Pakistan on two accounts: firstly, it portrays how a Pakistani-British doctor comes to treat them and it also discusses, in great depth, the parliament’s decision to pass a bill on acid violence".First Pakistani documentary-maker Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy earns Oscar nomination Acid Survivors Pakistan Obaid-Chinoy has also said that the film assisted in the trial and conviction of one of the perpretrators of acid violence on a female victim. ‘Saving Face’ Filmmaker on Shooting Documentaries in Pakistan'] ["Thomas Haemmerli is about to celebrate his fortieth birthday when he learns of his mother's death. A further shock follows when he and his brother Erik discover her apartment, which is filthy and full to bursting with junk. It takes the brothers an entire month to clean out the place. Among the chaos, they find films going back to the 1930s, photos and other memorabilia. Two opposing storylines developed out of the film material. On the one hand, there is the struggle against chaos, during which the apartment becomes increasingly empty and clean. On the other hand, there is the story of the family, which becomes increasingly confusing. The film deals intensively with compulsive hoarding."] ['By issuing same-sex marriage licenses, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom uproots the status quo, attempts to change the way the nation looks at life, love, and marriage. From the first frame of the film, even before the press is aware, this film crew is with Mayor Gavin Newsom’s senior staff as the nation’s first same-sex couple exchange their vows and ignite a controversial civil rights topic. The story continues on the streets, in the courtrooms, and on the steps of City Hall, where same-sex couples clash with church groups who declare that their sexual and romantic desires are sinful. The film focuses on the compelling, human rights struggles surrounding same-sex marriage and captures the elation and despair of couples and families who are fighting for equal rights. This film made the independent film festival circuit, winning multiple awards, and is scheduled for a wider release in the United States in 2008.'] ['The film revolves around Robert T. Edison who at 18 years of age left Britain for Thailand to become a Buddhist monk. Five years after he moves to Iceland in 1994 to form the first Buddhist sect in the country, he decides to disrobe and get married only to return later to Thailand to become a monk again http://www.poppoli.com/actnormal.html.'] ["The rockumentary film Lemmy was directed and produced by Greg Olliver and Wes Orshoski. It consists of a combination of 16 mm film and HD video footage, produced over four years.Lemmy: The Movie Official Website It features interviews with friends, peers, and admirers such as Dave Grohl, Slash and Duff McKagan of Guns N' Roses and Velvet Revolver, Ozzy Osbourne, James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Robert Trujillo, and Kirk Hammett of Metallica, David Ellefson of Megadeth, Scott Ian of Anthrax, Alice Cooper, Peter Hook of Joy Division/New Order, Dee Snider, Nikki Sixx, Mick Jones of The Clash, Kat Von D, Henry Rollins, Lars Frederiksen of Rancid, Jim Heath of Reverend Horton Heat, Slim Jim Phantom of The Stray Cats, Mike Inez, Joan Jett, Dave Navarro of Jane's Addiction, Ice-T, pro skateboarder Geoff Rowley, pro wrestler Triple H, Fast Eddie Clarke, Jarvis Cocker, Marky Ramone, former Hawkwind bandmates Dave Brock, Nik Turner and Stacia, and Steve Vai And sometime collaborators, Captain Sensible and Dave Vanian from the Damned."] ["The film is by Eric Ellena and Berna Huebner,{{cite web}} and is narrated by actress Olivia de Havilland.{{cite web}} It features an interview with Yasmin Aga Khan, president of Alzheimer Disease International and daughter of Rita Hayworth, who had Alzheimer's, describing how her mother took up painting while struggling with the disease.{{cite web}} The documentary includes interviews with renowned neurologists who explain how creative activities engage areas of the brain that are not damaged by the disease and thus reawaken a sense of personality, identity and dignity. Doctors interviewed include Robert Neil Butler, founding director of the National Institute of Aging;{{cite web}} The film demonstrates the intersection between the arts, medical and scientific worlds.{{cite web}}"] ['This story of a Zulu family is a composite story of events enacted by Africans whose experiences resembled the story’s events. Forced out of his village by famine, Zachariah leaves his family to take the only work available: in the gold mines near Johannesburg. Seeking better than a slave wage, he settles with his wife and children in a bleak room in a crumbling shack on the outskirts of the city. Here he confronts the pass laws – hundreds of laws which he did not know existed – restricting his every move: he cannot find work without a pass, and he cannot get a pass without work. At the same time he is constantly threatened with banishment or imprisonment if he is unemployed too long, or fails to comply with petty restrictions. Zachariah drifts through a succession of jobs – domestic servant, garage attendant, waiter, road gang laborer – tormented, insulted, and degraded by white employers who summarily dismiss him because of his ignorance or out of malice. In addition, he falls foul of Marumu, the leader of a gang of “tsotsis”  who are terrorizing the streets of Sophiatown. Fearful that poverty will drive her son to the street gangs, his wife takes a job as a domestic servant where she must live on premises, separated from her family. Zachariah is caught sleeping with Vinah during a nightly police raid and is arrested for trespassing. He returns from prison to find his wife dead, murdered by Murumu because she refused to give in to his sexual demands. Inexorably Zachariah’s overwhelming helplessness and frustration reveal the social impoverishment of all African men, women, and children. Starved off the land after confiscation by successive governments, the black man is uprooted from his native soil and forced continually to search for a home and livelihood. Deprived of political power, he must weave a treacherous path of survival among the myriad written and unwritten laws that govern black contact with the white world – laws which are often contradictory and inevitably result in severe penalties. The family is increasingly torn apart when both parents must work to buy bread, leaving their children to grow up amid the violence and filth of the streets. In the end, the African is completely defenseless in his struggle to survive, inhumanely pulled between the capricious brutality of white law and the wanton violence of the black outlaw.'] ['The film tells the story of Rice\'s life from her birth in 1954 to her 2009 departure from office as Secretary of State, and her return to Stanford University. Rice is a key interviewee in the film: she speaks about her roots in racially explosive Birmingham; her short-lived music career; her fascination with Joseph Stalin and Ronald Reagan; her close friendship with George W. Bush; right up to a defense of her record in government. The film gives voice to numerous supporters of Rice, including both Presidents Bush; her stepmother Clara Bailey Rice; Oprah Winfrey ; mentor and later critic, Brent Scowcroft; her former fiancé, Rick Upchurch; John McCain who praises her as "a great American"; former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger; Dick Cheney; and Arnold Schwarzenegger. The film charts Rice\'s discovery of her love of politics at the University of Denver, and her pursuit and use of power. The title\'s reference to Faust echoes allegations made by various interviewees in the film that she sacrificed her principles in exchange for political power. Author Laura Flanders relates how she rolled back affirmative action policies while Stanford University Provost, and how she was such a loyal board member for Chevron  that they named an oil tanker after her. Her record as National Security Advisor is attacked by CIA Director George Tenet, Counter-Terrorism chief  Richard Clarke and author Philip Shenon. They allege that she ignored various warnings in the spring and summer of 2001 that an Al Qaeda attack was about to happen. Shenon alleges that "it was both incompetence and negligence." Rice responds to these allegations: "I just don\'t buy the argument that we weren\'t shaking the trees enough and that something was gonna to fall out that gave us somehow that little piece of information that would have led to connecting all of those dots."http://newhampshire.bside.com/2009/films/americanfaustfromconditoneocondi_newhampshire2009;jsessionid077a3a36129948628d5dc1b35118546b'] ["Unfolding Florence: The Many Lives of Florence Broadhurst chronicles the life of Florence Broadhurst, an Australian designer who owned her own fashion design company in London during the 1930s. Later in life she moved to Sydney, Australia, and became a painter, socialite and charity fund-raiser. At 60 years old she began her most prolific and successful occupation, becoming a wallpaper designer. Florence Broadhurst was murdered in her studio during 1977, at the age of 78. The film includes interviews, dramatizations and animations which are used to illustrate Broadhurst's unusual lifestyle.<ref namehttp://www.urbancinefile.com.au/home/view.asp?aReviews | publisherUnfolding Florence | firstKeller | accessdate=23 May 2010 }}"] ["The main narrative follows the story of Sweet Home, Oregon resident Janella Spears, who falls victim to an elaborate Nigerian 419 scam. Initiated by e-mail, the scammers promise Spears and her family the return of a dead relative's lost fortune. Interested in her family's genealogy and persuaded by a death certificate purported to be her relative's, Spears eventually loses US$440,000.<ref nameMessmer|firstVideo focuses on victims of e-mail scam|workIDG|datehttp://www.networkworld.com/news/2009/052009-victims-email-scam.html?hpg12009-06-11}} The series also features Denver, Colorado-based computer forensics expert Chris Roberts, who provides both counseling and technical support to the Spears family as they deal with the emotional challenges brought about by their mounting debt, as well as the resultant anger and distrust.<ref nameHoffman|firstMcAfee Warns Of Cybercrime Dangers, Hollywood-Style|workUnited Business Media LLC|datehttp://www.crn.com/security/217600377;jsessionid2009-06-11}} Roberts also demonstrates how an open wireless network can provide a criminal with the data necessary to commit identity fraud, among other Internet crimes,<ref nameRagan|firstMcAfee produces six-part docudrama on cybercrime|work|publisher2009-05-17|url2009-06-11}} and how he can surreptitiously access Bluetooth-enabled devices in surrounding cars on a crowded freeway.<ref nameBaar|firstMcAfee Launches Cybercrime-Fighter Web Doc|work2009-05-20|urlArticles.showArticle&art_aid2009-06-11}}"] ["The film follows Irish musicians Irish musicians Liam Ó Maonlaí  and Paddy Keenan , who was raised in the traveller community, on a journey covering thousands of miles from Bamako in the south to Timbuktu, from where they enter the Sahara. Their journey takes them along the river Niger, stopping in villages and river towns such as Mopti and Djenné, playing instruments such as the harp, bodhrán, whistles and Uilleann pipes with local musicians including Afel Bocoum, Toumani Diabaté, Tinariwen, and Tartit. The film highlights the many similarities between Malian and Irish music, including circular repetitive rhythms, similar instruments (i.e. the [[Kora  and a similar style of singing . Their ultimate destination is Essakane, 90&nbsp;km outside of Timbuktu, where they performed to an audience of thousands of Tuareg at the world's most remote music festival, Festival au Désert."] ['It is 1949, and colonial Nigeria is undergoing an identity crisis. There is a clash between the progressive, educated elements of society - those who desire westernization and modernity- and traditionalists who want to maintain Nigerian heritage. Two young African teachers, Iruka and Dominic  decide the village of Udi should have a maternity home, itself a symbol of progressiveness and modernization. The British District Officer, E.R. Chadwick , after some persuasion, assents to this decision and agrees to provide the resources for the project. Before work can begin, Chadwick wants to ensure that everyone in the village is on-board for the task, but it quickly becomes clear that this is not the case. A man named Eze , an elderly resident, believes that building the maternity home is both an affront to the tradition and culture of the village, and works to persuade others towards his view. Chadwick visits the village in an attempt to convince the villagers otherwise, a task in which he ultimately succeeds. Work on the maternity home begins in earnest. Although it will prove a long, arduous process, the villagers band together to construct the building. They are interrupted by Eze, who arrives at the building site and claims that it is an old burial ground. He predicts that the builders will invoke the ire of the ancestors for disturbing the site and violating custom. Cultural values quickly manifest. Fear and superstition briefly stop the work, but Chadwick and Dominic arrive to allay the workers\' fears and restart the building project. However, Eze’s threat looms large in the back of their minds. In time the building is complete, but before it is set to officially open, a young woman and her husband arrive in the village. The woman is in labor, and so Chadwick and the midwife  agree to admit the woman as the home\'s first patient. That evening, while tending the woman, the midwife catches sight of movement and hears noises coming from outside. Frightened, she soon hears a knock at the door, but it turns out only to be Iruka coming to check up on the expectant mother. Relieved, the midwife resumes her work while Iruka sets a pot of water to boil on the fire. Shortly thereafter, there is another noise, and when looking out the window the midwife spots a masked figure peering in. Believing the masked figure to be a spirit of the ancestors, the midwife cries out in fear, but Iruka throws the boiling water onto the figure, revealing Eze, who flees back into the surrounding overgrowth. The next day the villagers march up to the maternity home for the opening ceremony, a traditional one complete with dancing, music, singing, and native costumes. Chadwick takes the center seat in front of the maternity home to watch the events, with, interestingly enough, Eze sitting near him. Eze has finally accepted that tradition and progress, as visible in the final scene, can go together after all. In the closing narration, Chadwick tells the viewer that progress brings "power, spirit, unlimited and unknown possibilities and destinations" and suggests that progress should be the ultimate goal of native society.'] ["The film starts with the soldiers' last days in Denmark before leaving for Afghanistan. Scenes include their emotional goodbyes as well as a party with a striptease dancer. They are posted for a six month tour at Armadillo, a military base in Helmand province, Afghanistan, where some 270 Danish and British soldiers are based. The film shows the soldiers going out on patrol. They hand out candy and gifts to the children. They question a local man about the Taliban who declines to cooperate and they return to base without incident. The film depicts them as dividing their leisure time between maintaining their equipment and working out, calling home, playing shooter games and watching pornographic videos amongst other things. Later in the tour the soldiers encounter armed resistance from the Taliban. In the ensuing battles buildings are damaged and locals report livestock killed. Some locals receive compensations from the base.  A Danish commander becomes a victim of a roadside bomb and is evacuated to receive treatment for a skull fracture. He recovers and returns to Armadillo. Three Danish soldiers from a neighbouring camp die in an IED incident and the film records a memorial service for them. Directly following this there is a discussion questioning whether ambushing the Taliban will work and subsequently volunteers are recruited for a night patrol. At dawn civilians are seen fleeing the area. The patrol comes under fire and a soldier is hit. In the ensuing chaos the Taliban position is discovered to be directly in front of the patrol in a ditch only three metres away. A hand grenade is tossed into the ditch followed by the order to 'neutralize them' and subsequent sporadic gunfire is heard. Five Taliban are killed and there are graphic scenes of their bodies being pulled from the ditch and stripped of their weapons. It shows that the Taliban fighters were armed with a single RPG-7 rocket propelled grenade, two PK machine guns and one AKM. Finally there is a subsequent air strike. Back at base the patrol congratulate each other on the morning's work and there is a debriefing with accounts of four Taliban found in the ditch groaning heavily being liquidated 'in the most humane way possible' and the remaining Taliban trying to crawl away being 'finished off' with 30-40 shots. Subsequently it transpires that a soldier has called home discussing the episode with his parents and has given them the impression that wounded Taliban had been liquidated and that the soldiers had laughed about it at the debriefing. The parents contacted the Danish Command about it and the commander addresses his men about the issues that raises. There is an ensuing debate amongst the men. Later two of the soldiers on the patrol are awarded medals and the film concludes with scenes of jubilant homecomings and a return to civilian life. The final scene is of an introspective commander taking a shower."] ['Back in his home town of Babylon after a long exile, the Iraqi-born director Abbas Fahdel asks himself: "What has become of my friends? What has life here made of them? What would life here have made of me had I not decided to follow the course of destiny elsewhere?" In his search and inquiries, his encounters with the friends of his youth, it is the situation today in Iraq that is revealed through the camera\'s eye: the ravages of Saddam Hussein\'s dictatorship, the after-effects of the Iran-Iraq war, the Gulf War and the embargo imposed by the United Nations.'] ['SourceThe End of Poverty?, Mark Deming, AllRovi.com The aphorism "The poor are always with us" dates back to the New Testament, but while the phrase is still sadly apt in the 21st century, few seem to be able to explain why poverty is so widespread. Activist filmmaker Philippe Diaz examines the history and impact of economic inequality in the third world in The End of Poverty?, and makes the compelling argument that it\'s not an accident or simple bad luck that has created a growing underclass around the world. Diaz traces the growth of global poverty back to colonization in the 15th century, and features interviews with a number of economists, sociologists, and historians who explain how poverty is the clear consequence of free-market economic policies that allow powerful nations to exploit poorer countries for their assets and keep money in the hands of the wealthy rather than distributing it more equitably to the people who have helped them gain their fortunes. Diaz also explores how wealthy nations  seize a disproportionate share of the world\'s natural resources, and how this imbalance is having a dire impact on the environment as well as the economy.'] ["{{POV-section}} The Tar Creek area was home to one of the largest lead and zinc strikes on the planet. Now it’s home to America's worst environmental disaster. Acid mine water in the creeks, stratospheric lead poisoning in the children, and sinkholes that do the unthinkable to small town America. This place is the stuff of science fiction. Except Tar Creek is centered around Picher, Oklahoma, America's Heartland. And it might be the one place in the States where you'd swear you stepped into a third world country. It’s so bad here that the federal government is buying everyone’s homes and moving them out. At least they are trying to. Corruption from Senator Jim Inhofe's office on down to the local Trust in charge of the buyout has forced some to remain because they can't afford to move. This land belongs to the Quapaw Tribe, and the Tribe will be handed back the worst Superfund site in the country after the government moves everyone away. Worse still, the Bureau of Indian Affairs made the mining companies leave all of this lead-laced waste rock on their land—75 million tons of it—which has caused this pandemic lead poisoning. For over 100 years, the government has been controlling Tar Creek, from Indian Removal to subsidizing wartime mining to 200 million in cleanup funds to the eventual buyout of families. And the reason why these people were kept here for so long is one of the oldest and ugliest of our own legacy."] ['A young Congolese man works as a nurse at a health center lost in the jungle. He falls in love with the daughter of the local king and convinces her to forget her prejudices and ancestral rites. The elders, who oppose the wedding, burn down the health center.'] ["Shinjuku Boys introduces three onnabes who work as hosts at the New Marilyn Club in Tokyo. Onnabes are women who live as men and have girlfriends, although they don't usually identify as lesbians. As the film follows them at home and on the job, all three talk frankly to the camera about their gender-bending lives, revealing their views about women, sex, transvestitism and lesbianism. Alternating with these illuminating interviews are fabulous sequences shot inside the Club, patronized almost exclusively by heterosexual women who have become disappointed with real men. They often have relationships with them but the underlying fear is whether such a relationship can withstand the pressures on a woman to get married and have children."] [" Returned: Child Soldiers of Nepal's Maoist Army tells the personal story of Nepali boys and girls as they attempt to rebuild their lives after fighting a Maoist revolution. Through the voices of former child soldiers, the film examines why these children joined the Maoists and explores the prevention of future recruitment. The children describe their dramatic recruitment and participation in the Maoist People’s Liberation Army during the eleven-year civil war between the Maoist insurgents and the Hindu monarch of Nepal. The girls’ stories demonstrate how voluntarily joining the violent Maoist struggle became their only option to escape the gender discrimination and sexual violence of traditional Hindu culture in Nepal. With the major conflict ended and the Maoists in control of the government, these children are now in United Nations cantonments, and return home to communities and families that want nothing to do with them. For many of the children of Nepal’s Maoist Army, the return home can be even more painful than the experience of war.http://nepaldocumentary.com/TheFilm.aspx"] ['This 38 second film has a very simple plot in which five men dive repeatedly into stormy water. The men walk along a jetty and then dive into the water, only to then swim to the shore line and repeat the process again.'] ['The film opens at the Auditorio de Tijuana to scenes of wrestlers and cheering fans. Following these scenes, the film proceeds to breakdown the concept of lucha libre and its cultural significance by following the dual lives of professional luchadores: Extreme Tiger, Angel Negro Jr., and Pancho Cachondo, all working class individuals from Tijuana who become local heroes in the community the moment they put on their masks. The film breaks down Tijuana’s lucha libre components respectively:  Books and other works such as Heather Levi’s The World of Lucha Libre have examined lucha libre as surrounded by universal themes of good versus evil, underdog versus bully, the noble hero outwitting the corrupt nemesis- all themes which play out within Mexican lucha libre. ¡Que viva la lucha! provides captures the dual lives led by professional wrestlers who represent the good  versus the evil  amongst other various themes. The film introduces Extreme Tiger, a local who repairs cars by day, and wrestles as a técnico by night. Within the context of the film, Extreme Tiger is a new star in Tijuana’s lucha libre who is quickly moving up the ranks, and aspires to take his professional wrestling career abroad to Japan. Ultimately, his journey brings him to a mask versus hair match against his rival, where he risks losing his mask, and more importantly, his career. Extreme Tiger prevails and takes Tijuana wrestling to Japan. The técnicos within lucha libre are characterized as charismatic, righteous, and always seeking justice.  ¡Que viva la lucha! also introduces two rudos, Angel Negro Jr. and Pancho Cachondo. Angel Negro Jr. is a young wrestler, at 16, he has become one of the local favorite rudos while still attending high school. El Pancho Cachondo is also a local wrestler, a rudo whose character was inspired by a former Mexican congressman who was photographed in a thong at a bar/ table dance. The role of the rudos in lucha libre serve to represent the corrupt, dishonest evil-doers in society.  “The mask is one the unique iconographies that distinguishes Mexican wrestling”. Through the mask, wrestlers are able to construct and transform into a character that contrasts to their working-class identities.‘’UTS San Diego’’, Latino Film Fest, June 5, 2012  ¡Que viva la lucha! demonstrates how lucha libre in Tijuana is enjoyed by a vast range of spectators ranging from young children to older generations, and across genders. It is a space where fanatics and spectators are able to actively participate through the cheering, insults, and mixed emotions. The film also interviews extreme fanatics to collect lucha libre memorabilia, and dedicated fans that have gained free access to shows . In response to the spectatorship of lucha libre, Vazquez states ““The arenas are considered a free place to let out all anger, excitement, passions”<ref name&story_id ‘’Pajaronian’’, Unmasking Mexican wrestling, June 5, 2012]'] ['Several narratives are woven together throughout the film, including those of de Hory, Irving, Welles, Howard Hughes and Kodar. About de Hory, we learn that he was a struggling artist who turned to forgery out of desperation, only to see the greater share of the profits from his deceptions go to doubly unscrupulous art dealers. As partial compensation for that injustice, he is maintained in a villa in Ibiza by one of his dealers. What is only hinted at in Welles\'s documentary is that de Hory had recently served a two-month sentence in a Spanish prison for homosexuality and consorting with criminals.  Irving\'s original part in F for Fake was as de Hory\'s biographer, but his part grew unexpectedly at some point during production. There has not always been agreement among commentators over just how that production unfolded, but the now-accepted story{{cite web}} is that the director François Reichenbach shot a documentary about de Hory and Irving before giving his footage to Welles, who then shot additional footage with Reichenbach as his cinematographer. In the time between the shooting of Reichenbach\'s documentary and the finishing of Welles\', it became known that Irving had perpetrated a hoax of his own, namely a fabricated "authorized biography" of Howard Hughes . This discovery prompted the shooting of still more footage, which then got woven into F for Fake. Blurring the lines even more, there are several pieces of footage in the film showing Welles at a party with De Hory, and, at one point, De Hory even signs a painting with a forgery of Welles\' signature. Some of Hughes\' career is outlined in the form of a parody of the "News on the March" sequence in Citizen Kane. Exactly one hour before narrating Kodar\'s story, Welles promises that everything in the next hour of his film will be true. Exactly one hour later, the film tells a story where Kodar sits for a series of nudes for Pablo Picasso after getting him to agree to give her the finished portraits, and then selling not those very portraits but fake Picassos in their place. The story climaxes with Welles and Kodar re-enacting a tense exchange between Picasso and Kodar\'s grandfather, the alleged forger of the paintings, before Welles reminds the viewer that he only promised to tell the truth for an hour and that "for the last 17 minutes, I\'ve been lying my head off." In the commentary to the Criterion Collection DVD release of F for Fake, Kodar claims the idea for this segment as her own. She also claims credit for the movie\'s opening sequence, which consists of shots of a miniskirt-clad Kodar walking down streets while rubbernecking male admirers  stop and openly stare. This sequence is described by Kodar as inspired by her feminism.'] ["The film follows the dreams of 48-year-old Simohamed who works as a parking guard and his 17-year-old son Ayoub, who acts in Hollywood films such as Charlie Wilson's War and with Hollywood actors like Brad Pitt. When Ayoub's dreams of going to Hollywood are dashed, he turns to music and forms a hip hop group with his father. Like fish out of water, the duo set out to meet their heroes, enter studios and radio stations for the first time in an adventure through the music industry of Casablanca."] ["The documentary portrays a behind-the-scenes look at the poor state of Argentina's civil aviation, and puts the blame on the Argentine Air Force. The Air Force has been in control of air traffic operations since the military takeover of General Juan Carlos Onganía in 1966. The producer/director, Enrique Piñeyro, claims Argentina and Nigeria are the only countries whose air force controls and regulates the airline industry. Piñeyro, a former Argentine airline pilot, makes his case in the documentary using diagrams, 3D animations, interviews, hidden cameras in the control tower, and a few props. For example, at one point he spills out a bag of plastic airplanes and equates it to the number of planes the air force has lost due to negligence. The film is heavily based on the Austral Líneas Aéreas Flight 2553 plane crash. Enrique Piñeyro takes his camera, secretly, into the control tower of the Ministro Pistarini International Airport also-known-as Ezeiza, the international airport at Buenos Aires."] ['A world born from the eyes of a poet. Jean Albany created his island, his feelings created his universe: The sea, the birds, the women, the flowers... gave him a language. He writes in Creole, uniting the roots of Réunion. Some of his works are Zamal, Miel vert, Bleu Mascarin, Bal indigo.'] ['Imperfect Journey , is a BBC commissioned film, exploring the political and psychic recovery of the Ethiopian people after the atrocities and political repression or "red terror" of the military junta of Mengistu Haile Mariam. The filmmaker questions the direction of the succeeding government and the will of the people in creating institutions guaranteeing their liberation.'] ["The film's protagonist is a master of a dying trade: he excavates wells without using machines, relying only on hand tools. This approach is not just highly demanding physically, but also requires well-thought out methods and resourcefulness.http://www.istvancic.com/bunarman.htm {{hr icon}}"] ["The film chronicles the growth of a large community in the western American desert. It brought abundance and the legacy of risk it has created in the United States and abroad. The first three episodes are based on Marc Reisner's book, Cadillac Desert , that delves into the history of water use and misuse in the American West. It explores the triumph and disaster, heroism and intrigue, and the rivalries and bedfellows that dominate this little-known chapter of American history. The final episode, is drawn from Sandra Postel's book, Last Oasis,  which examines the global impact of the technologies and policies that came out of America's manipulation of water, demonstrating how they have created the need for conservation methods that will protect Earth's water for the next century. The parts of the documentary are entitled: * Water and the Transformation of Nature - Mulholland’s Dream  * Water and the Transformation of Nature - An American Nile  * Water and the Transformation of Nature - The Mercy of Nature  * Water and the Transformation of Nature - Last Oasis"] ["Drawing from performance and conversation, the film explores Marc's multifaceted New York art soul and his commitment to downtown music as he travels from one place to the other. It features performances of a range of Ribot's music and appearances by Anthony Coleman, Brad Jones, EJ Rodriguez, Los Cubanos Postizos, Catherine Janiaux, The Lounge Lizards, Shrek, Christine Bard, Ted Reichman, John Zorn, Ned Rothenberg, Sim Caine, Bruce Cox, Dave Hofstra and Arto Lindsay.La Corde Perdue accessed June 17, 2010."] ['The film opens with footage of a NASA rocket launch, an animation of our solar system, and a quote from Deuteronomy 30:19 about choosing between life and death . This is followed by a statement that humanity has not been caring for the Earth properly according to Jewish teachings. Next comes a section about ancient Jewish texts and "sacred words" that provide "specific instructions on how to be custodians of the world in which we live." Throughout the film, quotes from the Torah, illustrated with closeups of Hebrew scrolls, Jews praying, and nature scenes, will be contrasted with the various environmental threats facing humanity today. The scene shifts once again to the Earth from space, as the camera moves in to focus on Israel. The narrator then uses that country as a microcosm of current global problems related to air and water pollution, over-population, climate change, health concerns, etc. The film moves on to look at problems globally, with scenes shot all over the world. The focus then shifts to the United States where all the relevant issues are discussed in detail. Reference is made to the United Nations FAO 2006 report, Livestock\'s Long Shadow, which makes the claim that livestock agriculture produces more greenhouse gasses than all the world\'s vehicles combined. Next comes a brief presentation, illustrated with simple animated charts, on how meat production is an inefficient way to produce food for a hungry world. This moves into footage of animal abuses on feedlots and factory farms and the pollution produced by these facilities. The film then focuses on the advantages of vegetarianism for reducing pollution and solving world hunger. With a change of diet toward vegetarianism, the film asserts, many of these environmental and health problems can be solved. After some fast-moving, stirring images of people and nature accompanied by uplifting music, the film ends with the same statement from Deuteronomy about "life and death," voiced over a brilliant sunrise.'] ["Alan Moore presents the story of his development as an artist, starting with his childhood and working through to his comics career and impact on that medium, and his emerging interest in magic. The film features the first film adaptations of scenes from Moore's acclaimed series V for Vendetta and Watchmen, shot in early 2002. Another key scene features a direct reference to the character of John Constantine from the comic book Hellblazer."] ['The film makes use of archive footage and interviews with John Waters, Patti Smith, Iggy Pop, Gus Van Sant, Genesis Breyer P-Orridge, Sonic Youth, Laurie Anderson, Amiri Baraka, Jello Biafra, and David Cronenberg. The film looks at the life of a man whose works attacked conservative ideals, spawned countercultural movements, and influenced 20th century culture. The film is narrated by Peter Weller, with a soundtrack by Patti Smith and Sonic Youth.http://www.oscilloscope.net/films/film/38/William-S-Burroughs-A-Man-Within'] ['The documentary follows four salesmen as they travel across New England and southeast Florida trying to sell expensive Bibles door-to-door in low-income neighborhoods and attend a meeting in Chicago. The film focuses in particular on the struggles of salesman Paul Brennan, a middle-aged Irish-American Catholic from Jamaica Plain, Boston, who struggles to maintain his sales.'] ['Shot by a group of students from the National Cinema Institute  and supervised by Murilo Salles and Luís Bernardo Honwana, the documentary These are the Guns shows images of the Rhodesian troops invading the Republic of Mozambique. In 1977, a film crew starts out from Maputo and heads towards the province of Tete to film the damages caused by the air raids in rural areas.'] ["Cayuco is a cinematographic documentary that heartrendingly narrates the penuries that Sub-Saharans have to go through when they embark on the trip through the desert and over the ocean in search of a better life. It's an intimate portrait of the harsh reality of illegal immigrants when they try to reach Europe via the Canary Islands."] ["In Dakhla , one of the richest fishing regions in the world, hundreds of Moroccan fishermen, pushed by the increasing shortage of resources in the north, huddle together in tents sprayed by the ocean. However, their quest for a miraculous catch has revealed itself to be a tragic trap. As they have no licenses, they are sentenced to remain a few yards from the shoreline and catch what they can, while foreign trawlers equipped with the latest in sonar technology, captures the sea's riches to export them to other continents."] ["The documentary opens with scenes of the violence at the event, depicting fighting between protesters and Jewish students attempting to enter the venue. This is followed by an interview with student Samir Elatrash, a leader of the Solidarity for Palestinian Human Rights and the leader of anti-Israel violence who was later suspended. It also features interviews with Concordia's Hillel president Yoni Petel and Concordia rector Frederick Lowy, and concludes with a discussion of what it sees as the growing trend of anti-Israel activities on North American campuses.Film examines violence. Professor offers ways to counter hate on campuses by Kyle Berger  August 22, 2003 The documentary presents footage of pro-Palestinian activists breaking windows and pushing and shoving to block the only entry to the lecture hall.<ref name8166 Charges against Netanyahu protester dropped] By Janice Arnold  In a segment of the film Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the conduct of Concordia students: ... what you have is an implantation in North America of this same unforgiving fanaticism that says “we will not allow the engagement of a contest of ideas, we will not allow a free market of ideas,” which is precisely a microcosm of the problem that we have in these societies that spawn and produce terrorism. They rigidly control what their people hear and see so that they can control what they think and feel. And this is the essence of the problem. If the real solution to this fanaticism is ventilation, the aeration of various ideas, then you got a whiff of the underlying root cause of terrorism in Concordia. That is the unwillingness to have a free exchange of ideas. The root cause of terrorism is totalitarianism. In response to allegations of antisemitism, Samir Elatrash, leader of the Solidarity for Palestinian Human Rights, averred that one can be anti-Israel without being antisemitic. He stated that &#34;Judaism existed before the state of Israel.&#34;"] ["Summer 2006, Kinshasa. Martini, Jeannette, Hélène and Rosette spend everyday sparring with Coach Judex in the old Tata Rafael stadium; the same one where Muhammad Ali knocked out George Foreman in 1974 during one of the most legendary matches in boxing. At dawn, thousands of people from the ghetto come to train and political parties rally. While others fight for the Presidency of Congo, Judex struggles to organise a woman’s boxing tournament with very little money... Kinshasa sings, Kinshasa starves and Judex's girls try to survive, they’re realistic but still full of hope. A film about women in a country where men have gone crazy.<ref nameDowling|firstCongo's Female Boxers Float Like Butterflies, Sting Like Bees|url15 March 2012|newspaper15 February 2008|format=Interview with Renaud Barret}}"] ['Filming Othello begins with Welles sitting behind a moviola. He directly addresses the camera and announces: "This is to be a conversation, certainly not anything so formal as a lecture, and what we\'re going to talk about is Othello, Shakespeare\'s play and the film I made of it." Welles initially conducts a monologue where he recalls the events that lead up to the creation of Othello and some of the problems that plagued the production. As the film progresses, he switches to a conversation in a restaurant between himself and two of the film’s co-stars, Micheal MacLiammoir  and Hilton Edwards . The three men talk at length about the making of Othello. Welles then resumes his monologue from his position behind the moviola. He then runs footage on the moviola of a question and answer session he conducted during a 1977 screening of Othello in Boston. Welles concludes the film in his position as a monologuist, proclaiming: "There are too many regrets, there are too many things I wish I could have done over again. If it wasn\'t a memory, if it was a project for the future, talking about Othello would have been nothing but delight. After all, promises are more fun than explanations. In all my heart, I wish that I wasn\'t looking back on Othello, but looking forward to it. That Othello would be one hell of a picture. Goodnight."“Filming Othello” by Lawrence French, Wellesnet.com'] ["In the winter of 1937, the Japanese army occupied Nanking and killed over 200,000 and raped tens of thousands of Chinese people, one of human history's worst atrocities. In order to protect Chinese civilians, a small group of European and American expatriates, Western missionaries, professors, and businessmen banded together to save 250,000, risking their own lives. The film describes the Nanking Massacre by reading from letters and diaries which shows the activities of John Rabe , a German businessman, Robert O. Wilson , the only surgeon remaining to care for legions of victims, and Minnie Vautrin , an educator who passionately defends the lives and honor of Nanking's women during the war time. The film includes survivors who tell their own stories, the archival footage of the events, and the testimonies of Japanese soldiers who participated in the rampage."] ["Yacouba Moumouni, aka Denké-Denké, is a famous Nigerien flautist, songwriter and singer of the Mamar Kassey music band. How could this child, who left his village when he was only 10 years old, overcame life's hurdles in one of the world's poorest countries, and became one of the most beautiful voices in Africa?"] ['Cleaver—originally titled Pork Store Killer—stars protagonist Michael , nicknamed "the Butcher". When Christopher proposes the plot to writer J.T. Dolan, he says the film is about a "young wiseguy, assassin, gets betrayed by his people. They whack him, leave his body parts in dumpsters all around the city. Long story short, he is put back together, by science...or maybe it\'s supernatural. And he gets payback on everyone who fucked him over, including the cunt he was engaged to. She was getting porked by his boss the night the hero was killed." Several episodes in the film are drawn from Moltisanti\'s own life experiences as a made man in the Soprano Crime Family, including a misinterpreted and overblown rumor concerning a potential affair between Family head Anthony Soprano and Christopher\'s then-fiance Adriana La Cerva. The film closes on a tight-shot of a crucifix and a cornicello, juxtaposing "the sacred and the profane"'] ["Traffic jams, commercial saturation and garbage form part of Dakar's daily life. Dakar is drowning. Such is the subject of a photographic exhibition by Ms. Kadia Sow. At the inauguration, the Mayor is deeply surprised and touched by the pictures, and decides to launch along his team an operation to definitively decongest the town, and meet its people."] ['Those who seek political asylum in Italy fear for their very survival. They are forced to wait for several years, are forbidden to work and receive no assistance from the State. They are not provided with lodging, food or information. The refugees set up communes, building shelters, squatting derelict buildings near to centres of agricultural employment and frequently move around according to the harvest season. They survive thanks to their network of solidarity, voluntary organizations and black market work. Starting in Rome where a vast community has squatted the old state railway warehouses next to Tiburtina station, the film traces stopovers in the journey of a nomadic population of asylum seekers who, crossing the Italian peninsula, must head for the centres of seasonal harvesting in order to survive. A geographical exploration of the exile of heroes, deserters and refugees from the wars in postcolonial Africa: the new migrants of Europe.'] ['One year after the tragic events that took place near the Spanish enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla, northern Morocco, in September 2005, young deported African men and women bear witness of their unfortunate attempts to cross over to Spain, and give us their versions of those events.'] ['The Parking Lot Movie follows a group of parking lot attendants who work at The Corner Parking Lot in Charlottesville, Virginia. They have to deal with drunken, rude, and cheap patrons, as well as vandals. The film centers on the experience of the attendants, who are primarily students at the nearby University of Virginia, and mostly majoring in Liberal Arts subjects such as Philosophy or Anthropology. The result is that they are given the opportunity while working at the Corner Parking lot to examine aspects of the human condition in terms of societal norms and values, as well as to refine their own personal philosophy of life. In the words of John Lindaman, one of the attendants who had worked there for 11 years: "It taught me how to be a human being." It is this aspect of the film that sets it apart from other documentaries.{{Citation}}'] ['The film is a biographical documentary about Michel Recanati, a militant leader during the May 1968 riots in Paris.'] ["Speedy Delivery follows David Newell/Mr. McFeely around his own neighborhood, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, examining the two roles he has played for over forty years. Intercut with retrospective interviews, the film explores David Newell's life of service, as both playing the character Mr. McFeely and as director of public relations for Family Communications, Inc., the parent company founded by Fred Rogers. http://www.fci.org/viewcontent.asp?sectionID{C4741AE9-B471-40AE-B594-E7BFE5A26C5B}&subsubsectionID={5B10796F-A045-46F3-A004-06DDCB1AE875} This company created and produced Mister Rogers' Neighborhood during the majority of its years on air since its debut in 1967.http://www.museum.tv/archives/etv/R/htmlR/rogersfred/rogersfred.htm The film follows David Newell on four appearances located in Pennsylvania and Maryland. Beginning in Pittsburgh, he appears at the opening of the Schenley Plaza Carousel, meeting and greeting with fans. Next, he travels to Baltimore, Maryland to help open up a special Mister Rogers traveling exhibit, including a replica of the set. Finally, he returns to Pittsburgh for two more appearances in Bridgeville, Pennsylvania and Cranberry Park. All along the way, the film uses retrospective interviews with former cast members and current co-workers to discuss topics like Newell's childhood, the passing of Fred Rogers, where the character Mr. McFeely came from and what kept Mister Rogers' Neighborhood successful and authentic for over four decades."] ['In 1794, French revolutionary Maximilien Robespierre produced the world\'s first defense of "state terror" - claiming that the road to virtue lay through political violence. This film combines drama, archive and documentary interviews to examine Robespierre\'s year in charge of the Committee of Public Safety - the powerful state machine at the heart of Revolutionary France. Contesting Robespierre\'s legacy is Slavoj Žižek, who argues that terror in the cause of virtue is justifiable, and Simon Schama, who believes the road from Robespierre ran straight to the gulag and the 20th-century concentration camp. The drama, based on original sources, follows the life-and-death politics of the Committee during "Year Two" of the new Republic. It was a year which gave birth to key features of the modern age: the thought crime; the belief that calculated acts of violence can perfect humanity; the notion that the interests of "mankind" can be placed above those of "man"; the use of policemen to enforce morals; and the use of denunciation as a political tool.'] ['{{Quote box|quotedright|widthright|quote—Lopez on why excessive promotion for On the 6 was important.{{Cite album-notes}}  In the eleventh chapter of Feelin\' So Good, appropriately entitled "First Number One Single", Lopez reveals the moment when she found out that "If You Had My Love" went number one in the United States. She then went on to discuss the events that occoured during the release week of On the 6 in "Record Release Week". Lopez then reveals how she came to record "Let\'s Get Loud" and her performance of the song at the 1999 FIFA Women\'s World Cup is shown. In "Jennifer\'s Energy", Medina discusses Lopez\'s ability to work at late hours of the night. Her 1999 Billboard Music Awards performance of the Hex Hector remix of "Waiting for Tonight" is then shown. Lopez then speaks of filming the music video for "Waiting for Tonight" and behind the scenes footage on set of the video is shown. She also explains how the Hex Hector remix of the song came about and the alternative music video that was created for it. A megamix video of the original and Hex Hector remix follows. The twentieth chapter, "Jennifer\'s Mom", is an interview with Lopez\'s mother discussing what was like to see Lopez on television for the first time. Lopez then discusses her surprise to the amount of fans she had and their dedication in "Fan Support". In "Working on Record", the twenty-second chapter of Feelin\' So Good, Lopez discusses the process of writing and recording the album. Lopez\'s sister Lynda interviews her choreographer Tina Landon on what it is like to work with her, before her 1999 Blockbuster Awards performance of "If You Had My Love" is shown. Footage is then shown of Lopez "goofing around" during a photoshoot, before the music video to her song "Baila" is shown, for the very first time. In "Film Energy vs. Music Energy" Lopez compares the difference between the fans of her movies and of her music. In the final interview footage of Feelin\' So Good, Lopez explains the concept behind the music video of "Feelin\' So Good" and why Big Pun and Fat Joe were chosen to be featured on the song. The music video is then shown and is faded out into the end credits.'] ['Britney Spears is an American singer, song-writer, dancer, entertainer, actress and occasional author. The documentary reveals Spears most intimate moments in the span of 60 days, from the beginning of her much publicized meltdown, until how she returned to the music spotlight. She also reflects on past decisions, saying "I\'m a smart person...What the hell was I thinking?!" For the Record includes footage from her appearance at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, going into the recording studio, to the video shoots of her singles "Womanizer and "Circus"—songs off her sixth studio album, Circus—to rehearsals, and press tours. Madonna also makes a special appearance and commentary.<ref namehttp://www.mtv.com/news/articles/1596736/20081009/spears_britney.jhtml|titleVena|first2008-09-08|publisher2008-09-10}}{{cite news}} Spears talked about her feelings toward the conservatorship her father contains and how she feels about her life, and quotes "There\'s no excitement, there\'s no passion...I have really good days, and then I have bad days. Even when you go to jail, you know there\'s the time when you\'re gonna get out. But in this situation, it\'s never ending. It\'s just like Groundhog Day every day."<ref namehttp://www.eonline.com/uberblog/b69377_britney_spears_life_like_groundhog_day.html|titleGicas|first2008-12-18|publisher2009-03-07}} Spears added "I think it\'s too in control, If I wasn\'t under the restraints I\'m under, I\'d feel so liberated. When I tell them the way I feel, it\'s like they hear but they\'re really not listening. I never wanted to become one of those prisoner people. I always wanted to feel free."{{cite news|urlBritney Spears On Kevin Federline: \'I Think I Married For All The Wrong Reasons\'|lastJocelyn|dateMTV|accessdate"VenaMarried"/> "Sometimes you don\'t need to use words to go through what you need to go through," she continues. "Sometimes it\'s an emotion you need to feel when you dance, that you need to touch. And the only thing that can touch it is when you move a certain way."'] ['Through the use of surviving diaries, letters and photographs from both sides, the film shows the bravery and the suffering on both sides. The film also contains: interviews with international experts, location landscape, underwater and aerial photography, 3-D computer animations and re-enactments of trenches.'] ['The film follows a three women who deeply inhabit their cinematic roles as social workers interacting with members of a impoverished rural Argentine neighborhood. Facing poverty, the three move into makeshift living quarters in a run down hospital. They then begin the work of recording data on the needs of the community and getting to know each other, while trying to make their living quarters habitable, and still find time for an occasional night out.'] ["The film is shot in a Ukrainian hospital full of desperate patients and makeshift equipment, but it is ultimately not a medical film—it is about a man, Henry Marsh, and his partnership with Ukrainian colleague Igor Petrovich, and their struggle with moral, ethical and professional issues. Henry's emotional journey takes him to visit the mother of a young girl he couldn't save some years ago, intercut with the current dilemma of a young man called Marian, dying of a brain tumour said to be inoperable in Ukraine. Marian has come to Kiev hoping that Henry can save him. He thinks he can, but only if Marian is awake throughout the entire operation. With an original soundtrack composed and performed by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis, the film is set in a bleak Ukrainian landscape as Henry and his colleague Igor Petrovich struggle against massive logistical odds and the wrath of the old Soviet health system."] ['The documentary shows the development of the contemporary business corporation, from a legal entity that originated as a government-chartered institution meant to affect specific public functions, to the rise of the modern commercial institution entitled to most of the legal rights of a person. The documentary concentrates mostly upon North American corporations, especially those of the United States. One theme is its assessment as a "personality", as a result of an 1886 case in the United States Supreme Court in which a statement by Chief Justice Morrison R. Waite"The court does not wish to hear argument on the question whether the provision in the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution, which forbids a State to deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws, applies to these corporations. We are all of the opinion that it does." However, the Supreme Court decision did not itself address the matter of whether corporations were \'persons\' with respect to the Fourteenth Amendment; in Chief Justice Waite\'s words, "we avoided meeting the question". (118 U.S. 394 led to corporations as "persons" having the same rights as human beings, based on the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Topics addressed include the Business Plot, where in 1933, General Smedley Butler exposed an alleged corporate plot against then U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt; the tragedy of the commons; Dwight D. Eisenhower\'s warning people to beware of the rising military-industrial complex; economic externalities; suppression of an investigative news story about Bovine Growth Hormone on a Fox News Channel affiliate television station; the invention of the soft drink Fanta by the Coca-Cola Company due to the trade embargo on Nazi Germany; the alleged role of IBM in the Nazi holocaust ; the Cochabamba protests of 2000 brought on by the privatization of Bolivia\'s municipal water supply by the Bechtel Corporation; and in general themes of corporate social responsibility, the notion of limited liability, the corporation as a psychopath, and the corporation as a person. Through vignettes and interviews, The Corporation examines and criticizes corporate business practices. The film\'s assessment is effected via the diagnostic criteria in the DSM-IV; Robert D. Hare, a University of British Columbia psychology professor and a consultant to the FBI, compares the profile of the contemporary profitable business corporation to that of a clinically-diagnosed psychopath . The Corporation attempts to compare the way corporations are systematically compelled to behave with what it claims are the DSM-IV\'s symptoms of psychopathy, e.g. callous disregard for the feelings of other people, the incapacity to maintain human relationships, reckless disregard for the safety of others, deceitfulness (continual lying to deceive for [[Profit , the incapacity to experience guilt, and the failure to conform to social norms and respect the law. However, the DSM has never included a psychopathy diagnosis, rather proposing antisocial personality disorder  with the DSM-IV. ASPD and psychopathy, while sharing some diagnostic criteria, are not synonymous.'] ['In today\'s world of high school policy debate, successful debaters fly through academic research and facts at a pace of 400 words per minute by utilizing a strategy known as the spread. As a result of the spread, the ability to understand a round of policy debate by a lay person has decreased significantly since the spread\'s development during the 1960s.<ref name9492 Hollywood Reporter] With debate rounds now filled with specialized jargon, the accessibility and value of a debate round in increasing public discourse has also decreased. Today, high-powered rounds at national competition and the Tournament of Champions are contested almost exclusively by wealthy students of noteworthy private schools. Resolved begins by focusing on the careers of Matt Andrews and Sam Iola, the former a stand-out rising sophomore and the latter a rising senior famous within the policy debate community. In an underdog style victory, the team of Funches and Blackwell capture the California state championship. Once the team from Long Beach has won the state championship while playing by the conventional rules of modern policy debate, the team is introduced by their coach Dave Wiltz to Paulo Freire\'s Pedagogy of the Oppressed. From there, the team from Jordan High changes their debate strategy, arguing against the current strategy used in high school debate, and using Freire\'s work to show the oppressive nature of the spread and the structure of debate as a whole. Along these lines, Jordan High\'s team chooses to read slowly and focus on persuasion rather than pure quick argumentation. The team\'s strategies of using hip-hop music and arguing that policy debate is structured to disadvantage minorities were inspired by The Louisville Project. At the end of the documentary, however, they are defeated by a "traditional" team- Rahul Hirani and Tim Jurka from Saint Francis High School. The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed, but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments. Thus, their arguments were not consistent. They attempt to qualify for the tournament of champions, but this loss effectively curtails this dream. Moreover, one of the debaters is suspended, further ending any hope to this chance. In addition to the social message, Resolved involves commentaries from Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, Jane Pauley, and Juan Williams.'] ["  The Maltese Double Cross &ndash; Lockerbie discusses evidence and witnesses that would eventually figure at the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing trial in 2000: * The Mebo MST–13 timer fragment, which Thomas Thurman of the FBI's forensic laboratory said that he identified on 15 June 1990; * Mebo's Swiss owner, Edwin Bollier, is interviewed at length; * forensic scientist, Dr Michael Scott, describes DERA's 'forensic expert', Alan Feraday, as a technician without any formal qualifications as a scientist; * A solicitor Alastair Logan criticises DERA's Dr Thomas Hayes for the forensic evidence that was used to convict the Maguire Seven; * A former CIA operative, Oswald LeWinter says the appointment of 'Libyan dirty tricks expert', Vincent Cannistraro, to head the CIA's team investigating Lockerbie 'would be funny, if it were not an obscenity'; * A Department of Defense whistleblower Lester Coleman linked the bomb to a terrorist cell trained by CIA operative, Edwin P. Wilson; and, * A best-selling author, David Yallop, reviews the available evidence and looks at who might have been responsible for the Lockerbie bombing. The documentary disputes the conclusion reached by the official investigation into the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, instead advancing the theory that the bomb was introduced onto the aircraft by an unwitting drug mule, Khaled Jafaar, in what the filmmaker claims is a CIA-protected suitcase. Abolhassan Bani-Sadr, a former prime minister of Iran, discusses the idea that Iran took revenge for the shootdown by the USS Vincennes of Iran Air Flight 655 in July 1988. The film quotes Tiny Rowland as disclosing that Pik Botha told him that he and 22 South African delegates were going to New York for the Namibian Independence Ratification Ceremony and were all booked on the Pan Am flight 103. They were given a warning from a source that could not be ignored. Botha and 6 others managed to get on an earlier flight, but the remaining 16 stayed in London and missed the official event."] ['Austin, Lawson, Michael, and Will are four college-aged Christians who have grown up in the bubble of Christianity. They realize that their faith is more religion and less relationship. Because they have been in the rut of mindless faith, they decide to expand their views on God, the world, and eternity by traveling by car around the United States and Canada for the summer. They depart from Texas and head west until they reach California, after stopping at The Grand Canyon and Las Vegas. They then head up to Portland and Seattle before turning east. On their journey through northern America, they pass through Glacier National Park, Yellowstone, Chicago, and Toronto. The last leg of the journey includes Boston, New York City, Philadelphia, Washington D.C., Atlanta, and New Orleans. Along the way, they meet all kinds of people including beach bums, hippies, suburbanites, a clown, and a congresswoman, who each give them a unique perspective of eternal things. The trip is narrated with commentary by the four guys in a studio, and the footage cuts back and forth from studio to trip throughout the movie. As they come to the end of their journey, they conclude by stating that the most important thing they learned from the experience is to "never stop asking questions."'] ["In 1914, Shackleton set out to walk across the whole of Antarctica. While the South Pole had already been discovered, people had yet to make the cross-continent trek on foot. Before making landfall, however, his ship became trapped in the ice-flow of the Weddell Sea where he and his crew stayed for over 400 days.Shackleton's Antarctic Adventure. George Butler, director. WBGH Boston & White Mountain Films, 2001."] ['Cameron joins up aboard the Russian research vessel Akademik Mstislav Keldysh with a group of NASA scientists, as well as some American marine biologists, to investigate ten hydrothermal vents in both the Atlantic and Pacific. The vents have their own unique ecosystem, which support diverse organisms such as giant tube worms, swarms of blind white crabs, and vast amounts of shrimp which are capable of "seeing" water that is heated by the vents. These creatures do not require sunlight like other organisms, and instead obtain their energy from the vents. They are able to survive in the superheated and sulfurous water. Because of this, the documentary suggests that this is what life beyond Earth might look like. As some alien ecosystems are likely to be a lot harsher than a typical terrestrial ecosystem, these exotic vents provide an insight into some of the forms that alien life might take. The documentary shows Cameron\'s passion for exploring the oceans, as well as his interest in extraterrestrial life. It also showcases the technology employed to reach such depths. The film is similar to Cameron\'s earlier documentary, Ghosts of the Abyss , which involves him journeying to the wreck of the RMS Titanic. It too was filmed in the 3-D IMAX format.'] ['The Spanish film crew led by Carlos Rodriguez is following the life stories of three children - Lidia Pidvalna, Anastasia Pavlenko, and Andriy Kovalchuk - whose lives were drastically changed after an explosion at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Station on April 26th, 1986. Through the documentary, the children and their families "living perilously close to the exclusion zone around the destroyed station recount their fears, dreams, fantasies, and hopes for the future."<ref name381051 La Zona aka The Zone]. From Allmovie in The New York Times. Rodriguez own take on the synopsis for his documentary is revealing: "after our experiences in... Ukraine, we believe that a nuclear disaster has consequences that are far more terrible and complex than its purely medical effects, as they pervade every single aspect of life in the area for several generations.'] ['The documentary describes the life of a Moroccan woman employed as a prostitute in a military brothel by the French Colonial Army who took part in the Indochina War. Past 70, Fadma says she agreed to do the documentary so that France would recognize her as they do their veterans: "I too took part in the war".'] ['The portrait of a single mother as she tries to make a living for her daughter and herself on the outskirts of Addis Abeba, Ethiopia.'] ['Pilger introduces the film, on the 20th anniversary of the end of the conflict, from the roof of the U.S. Embassy, Saigon, where the last American troops had departed by helicopter. Veteran Robert Muller, interviewed on China Beach, calls the war a lie and talks about his own belief of this soon after his landing there in 1965. Pilger states that Ho Chi Minh had quoted from the U.S. Declaration of Independence and sort support from Washington for his nation’s independence. An elderly woman, who lost of her husband and five children fighting the French and the Americans, is given as an exemplifier of this struggle for independence. Coal miner Pham Ngo Duc describes the massive American bombing, which, according to Pilger, journalists James Cameron and Harrison Salisbury, were vilified for reporting. Pilger recounts the final evacuation of the U.S. embassy and what he deems as the "peaceful" arrival of the Viet Cong, which ended the war. Under embargo from the U.S., which according to Pilger used its influence to sabotage World Bank loans, the country turns to the Soviet Union. EC Bridging Programme co-ordinator Michael Culligan discusses the return of Vietnamese boat people such as fisherman Mac Van Nhan admits his regrets at having fled the post war regime. Sociologist Nguyen Thi Oanh states that the liberalising policy of Doi Moi has brought many benefits to the country but threatens its soul, whilst government economic advisor Nguyen Xuan Oanh espouses market socialism which, according to Pilger, has abolished co-operatives and left the population as a cheap labour pool for international exploitation. Prof. Vo Quy and Dr. Pham Viet Thanh reveal the deforestation and the high rates of birth defects resulting from the Operation Hades spraying of dioxin. Following Bill Clinton’s lifting of the trade embargo, in return for the payment US$140 million of war debts incurred by South Vietnamese, Hanoi has been gentrified for foreigners by exclusive developments discussed by property developers Peter Purcell and Alfonso L. DeMatties. Prof. Nguyen Van Xang recalls the 1972 Christmas Bombing of the Bach Mai Hospital and the recent privatisations which he says have undermined the national health service. Nguyen Xuan Oanh and Nguyen Thi Oanh respond to official British Government documents recommending the "exploitation" of Vietnam’s cheap labour in the EPZs. An elderly resident recalls the My Lai Massacre, the site of which Pilger contrasts with the Củ Chi tunnels tourist site. Film producer David Puttnam, video store assistant Andrea Barnes and Vietnamese-American Phan Quan critique Hollywood movies promoting a self-pitying American view of the conflict, which Robert Muller traces back to Ronald Reagan. Nguyen Thi Oanh alleges that, because of it victory, Vietnam, unlike the U.S., has been able to move on from the war.'] ['It analyzes the place of Quebec Premier Adélard Godbout in history. Godbout is not well-considered by Quebec historians and citizens. Adérald Godbout was the Second World War&ndash;era Quebec head of government, and the great-uncle of the director. Godbout advances some theories to explain why his great-uncle was forgotten in the collective memory of the Quebecers. One theory is that Adélard Godbout was more favourable than other political leaders to conscription. Quebec nationalists, at the time, opposed conscription, which they saw as a British imperialist manoeuvre of English Canada to defend the Empire.'] ['The film shows the high level of personal expression that typically goes into independent games, through the story of three games: Braid was released in 2008, Super Meat Boy was preparing for its 2011 release, while Fez was struggling with development hell for several years. Braid developer Jonathan Blow recounts his thought process for the game: how he wished to put his "deepest flaws and vulnerabilities" into it and how his initial design experience quickly turned from experimentation to discovery. He also talks about the aftermath of the game: When Braid comes out, it receives widespread critical acclaim, but Blow is disillusioned, when a large portion of players don\'t "get" the underlying message and themes of the game. He makes attempts to influence the audience\'s impression of the game through forum posts and blog comments, but this eventually turns him into something of a comic figure, something which he feels uncomfortable with. The game, however, remains a commercial and critical success. Super Meat Boy developers Team Meat  set out to do a platform game that harkens back to their own childhood video game experiences. McMillen talks about his lifelong goal of communicating to others through his work. He goes on to talk about his 2008 game Aether that chronicles his childhood feelings of loneliness, nervousness, and fear of abandonment.{{cite web}} He also sheds light on the level design techniques he uses, on how he teaches players to play without extensive tutorials. About a year into development, Microsoft offers Team Meat a chance to take part in an Xbox Live Arcade promotion called "Game Feast", under the condition that they finish the game in a month, which they reluctantly accept because of their dire financial situation. The development goes into crunch time, and takes its toll on McMillen\'s marriage, and on Refenes\' health, who bears the brunt of the work. Refenes also laments how he sacrificed his social life to get the game done, but expresses gratitude for his family to be supportive of his goal. The team successfully delivers the game, but come release day, the game is nowhere to be found on Xbox Live, which greatly upsets Refenes, who predicts low sales as a result. The game, however, does eventually appear on the marketplace, and doubles Braid\'s sales by selling 20000 units on the first 24 hours. McMillen is surprised by both the sales and touched by the fan reaction, and although Refenes, exhausted and cynical, is less enthusiastic, he eventually relents when he first sees videos of people enjoying the game on YouTube. The game eventually goes on to sell a million copies, providing a level of financial security to both developers. FEZ developers Polytron ([[Phil Fish  are in the fourth year of the game\'s development: the game was first announced at IGF 2008, which thrust Fish into the limelight as an "indie developer celebrity", but little was heard of the game since. The development is troubled: The company loses funding, Fish encounters family problems, and his former business partner quits the company, engaging in a legal battle with Fish, which questions the future of the project. Fish himself admits to his perfectionism protracting the development, as well as losing perspective over time about how good the game really is. Similar to Refenes, Fish also notes that he doesn\'t see himself doing anything else other than indie games, saying that FEZ has become his identity over time. Polytron prepares to present FEZ at Penny Arcade Expo, despite the possibility of the lawsuit lingering. This causes Fish to suffer anxiety attacks over the course of the preparation; without his business partner  signing his side of the final deal, he could potentially block Polytron from presenting at PAX. The FEZ kiosk is set up nevertheless, but the show runs into problems, when last minute changes in the build cause the game to often hang up or crash, forcing Fish to occasionally restart the game. The players, however, are unfazed and continue to enjoy the game nevertheless; Fish gives a number of interviews, and Jerry Holkins expresses his excitement about the product as well. Towards the closing of the show, Fish\'s new partner Ken Schachter announces that he and the former business partner had a meeting and have come to an agreement, which relieves Fish, who in the end is satisfied with the results of the show, and vows to continue working on the game and releasing it in 2012. The film bookends itself with Jonathan Blow\'s opening monologue about how indie gaming differs by offering flaws and vulnerabilities, making the games more personal. During the closing credits, videos of other upcoming indie games are interspersed.'] ["Eugenics is to be the scientific credo of the 20th century. The man credited with its invention, Francis Galton, says it is based on the concept that the evolution of man is crippled by the ill-conceived - those unfit to breed. The study of eugenics thus would concern itself with distinguishing the weed from the good flowers. Eugenics offers two approaches: positive eugenics, and negative eugenics. Positive eugenics aims towards creating better humans by careful mating, based on one's genetic makeup. Negative eugenics, on the other hand, seeks to prevent those deemed inferior from reproducing, and thus not impeding man's evolution.  The documentary begins with a clipping of a 1916 American movie that trumpets the creed of eugenics. In The Black Stork, the lead character, physician Dr. Harry Haiselden playing himself, refuses to give a newborn, mildly deformed baby a life-saving operation . 'There are times when saving a life is a greater crime than taking one', he proclaims. It soon transpires that The Black Stork's climactic scene was, far from being merely fiction, actually a re-enactment of one of Dr.Haiselden's real-life cases,SwedenIn The Soviet Union9F01EEDC1E3EF933A25757C0A9679C8B63&pagewantedIn Germany/Nazi-Germany Germany's first institute of race biology, the [[Kaiser Wilhelm Institute|Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Anthropology, Human Heredity and Eugenics], opens in 1927, in Berlin. The Institute's chairman, Eugen Fischer, says its task is to 'investigate the connection between heredity, environment and crossbreeding, and to promote social measures which benefit racially sound individuals'. Though genetics research is gradually beginning to challenge some of the claims made by racial hygiene theories, the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute reduces 'genetics' to just another 'auxiliary science' subordinate to eugenics."] ["Under fire from his superior John Roberts , Special Agent-in-Charge of the Atlanta Division of the DEA and Earl , a risk management consultant hired by Agent Roberts, Charles Hinley , head of DEA Field Operations in North Carolina has six months to resolve the problem of the Whitesnake drug organization. After conferring with his field liaison, John , Charles sends for Nate Parker , an informant. When Nate arrives at Charles' office in Raleigh, Charles and John offer Nate the possibility of becoming an undercover agent in which Nate immediately expresses interest. To his surprise, Nate discovers that he would have to return to his hometown of Greensboro to infiltrate a drug operation headed by his childhood friend, Rito Jackson  and cousin, Terry Martin , both suspected of being part of a larger network controlled by the anonymous kingpin, Whitesnake. After a twenty-five year absence, Nate returns to Greensboro and visits his high-school mentor, Ms. Hoskins  who, stricken with cancer, awaits her death in a hospice. At her bedside, Nate confides in Ms. Hoskins that he is a federal agent and has been offered an assignment to help the DEA bring down Rito. With her final breath, Ms. Hoskins urges Nate to accept the assignment, accusing Rito and Terry of destroying the city though their proliferation of drugs. From that point, the story makes a detour into the fall of 1982, in which Young Nate , a high-school student in his junior year, sits in a garage with Young Rito , Young Terry  and Bernard  who share a joint of marijuana. Rito decides that the boys can make money selling weed in school to which Nate, at first, objects. Realizing how adamant Rito is about the idea, Nate devises a plan on how they can procure the drugs on credit. Nate mediates a deal between Rito and Jahboo , a small-time drug dealer and club owner, who agrees to advance the boys the drugs in order to attract teenage customers. Meanwhile, Ms. Hoskins, Nate's English teacher, discovers that Nate's underperformance in class is intentional and confronts him with the fact that he purposely gives the wrong answers to questions on his tests. She encourages Nate to continue what he is doing so that his friends may see the grade his wants them to see, but explains that she will record the grade that he deserves in her grade book. Later in the school year, Nate becomes smitten by Sharon, a new student who joins Ms. Hoskins' class. As he begins dating Sharon, Nate, for the first time, becomes at ease with who he truly is. Both Ms. Hoskins and Sharon, however, try discourage Nate from his association Rito who, along with Terry and Bernard, becomes more dangerously entrenched in the drug game. By the following school year, Rito and his crew outsell their supplier Jahboo who instantly views them as a possible threat. The competition between the two sides turns deadly, causing Nate to re-evaluate his friendship with Rito. As the violence escalates, Ms. Hoskins intervenes by confronting Rito and pressuring him to urge Nate to go to college. Reluctantly, Rito encourages Nate to pursue his college studies, insisting that he cannot guarantee him full protection. After only three years, Nate graduates from college and subsequently joins the Marine Corps and later the DEA which puts him at dangerous odds with his childhood friend."] ['The film explores the times, travels and experiences of a tribe of surfers who search for the spark of life and look to pass it on to the younger generation. Surfing on all sorts of boards, the stoked tribe finds plentiful, insanely good waves and no crowds.'] ["The film charts the build up to the 2010 races, and then documents each of the races and their results. These take place along public roads through the Isle of Man, covering 37.73 miles of terrain, and packed with thousands of spectators who have come from all over the world. Using 3D technology, Closer to the Edge captures the drama and speed of the 2010 races to show what motivates these adrenaline addicts, who live and breathe road racing. Guy Martin's appearance is notable as the maverick with a unique take on life. John McGuinness appears, a racing legend and the most successful living rider, winning the TT fifteen times. Conor Cummins is one of the Isle of Man’s most prominent stars, truly living the dream. Ian Hutchinson is a relative newcomer whose career has invited interest. In 2009 “Hutchy” won two TT's in one day and another important road race, the North West 200, in Northern Ireland as well as competing every week at the top of the British Superstock Championship. The film reveals how for more than 100 years riders have flocked to the Isle of Man in search of thrills, glory and triumph. The narration tells how the TT has always called for a commitment far beyond any other racing event, and since the race began over 200 people have made the ultimate sacrifice in their quest for victory. The second half of the film introduces Bridget Dobbs, mother of two and widow of Paul Dobbs  who died in the 2010 races. Bridget understands and accepts that her husband, like many others, died doing the thing he loved the most in life. Despite the near fatal injuries, the film shows how those that survive all want to go back and do it again."] ["In 1940, the East Dudgeon lightship's seven-man crew are waiting for the arrival of another crew to relieve them of their duties so they can return home. While they are waiting, a momentary danger is encountered and dealt with: a drifting mine comes perilously close to the ship and the crew call for a minesweeper to destroy it. Later, while the crew are gathered on deck, two Luftwaffe aircraft fly overhead. To the men's surprise, the aircraft begin firing at them with machine guns, wounding the captain in the arm. As the attack intensifies, and the aircraft begin to drop bombs, the entire crew manage to escape the vessel on a lifeboat. The efforts of the German bombers eventually result in the lightship sinking. The escaped crew row during the night in an attempt to reach the shore. Before they can land the boat, the lifeboat capsizes and overcome by tiredness, the men drown. A new lightship is then stationed in place of the sunken vessel."] ['Holy Wars is mostly filmed from the perspective of two missionaries, Khalid Kelly and Aaron Taylor.Silverdocs: A Conversation with HolyWars Filmmaker Stephen Marshall Washington City Paper The film takes a look at the religious fundamentalism in Pakistan, Lebanon, United Kingdom, and the United States as well as the decades long conflict between Islam and Christianity. The film features several interviews, including one with author Sam Harris.'] ["Stan and Ollie are salesmen attempting to sell a washing machine; they fail constantly after several near misses. One would-be sale has them carrying the machine up a large flight of steps, merely to find out that a young lady wants them to post a letter for her. The boys later get into an argument knocking off each others' hats, which eventually involves scores of others. A police van eventually carts all those involved away except Stan and Ollie, who afterwards try and find their own headgear amongst the hundreds of others lying on the street."] ['The voice-over of an anonym Guinean in exile, who inherited a river on his father’s death, remembering, from the distance of exile, episodes of his childhood, popular legends and old African beliefs, introducing us to the troubled past of Equatorial Guinea. This documentary brings out the subject of Spanish colonisation in the African country and the politic, religious and cultural heritage that came to the surface after the independence, starting with the dictatorship of Francisco Macías to the actual regime of Teodoro Obiang Nguema, sustained by the country’s wealth from the oil wells.<ref nameMemoria Negra|urlNews & Info|publisher11 March 2012|format10 March 2009}}'] ["French filmmaker Jérémie Carboni followed French writer Daniel Pennac during rehearsals of Bartleby the scrivener's reading in Pépinière Opéra theatre in Paris. This video describes Daniel Pennac's performance in Rome, during the tour.{{cite web}}"] [" The film opens with a montage of some of the clips that are used throughout the film. After this the film begins. In Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, a man with a knife holds an innocent baby as hostage. Police surround him and when he gets distracted an officer shoots him in the head, killing him instantly. The baby is taken away unharmed. On a street in Butte, Montana, Terry Rossland, an enraged and distraught man, sits in his car armed with pipe bombs and gasoline demanding to see his family. When the police surround him, Rossland blows the car up, then exits the vehicle and runs away on fire as rescue teams try to keep him alive. He survives, but one year later commits suicide by a drug overdose. In Seoul, South Korea, angry protesters have taken over a construction tower and throw firebombs at innocent construction workers. One of the workers is set on fire but it is quickly put out by a fellow worker. Miraculously the worker is unharmed. In San Salvador, El Salvador, veterans hold workers hostage, while the police surround them and fire real bullets and tear gas. One young man tries to flee the scene but an officer shoots him in the chest. The young man falls to the floor and its unclear if he survives. Police cameras capture some intense pursuits. A man who has stolen a lawnmower flees from the police in a pickup truck. As he runs a red light he is struck by a big rig and is killed instantly as the truck is obliterated. In Salt Lake City, Utah, a man fleeing from the police gets out of his car and begins firing at them. The police are forced to return fire and the man falls to the floor. It is unclear if he survives. In Carlsbad, California, police chase a man suspected of having committed a burglary. He exits his car with no pants on and loads shells into his shotgun from the trunk of the car. The police watch at a distance as the man commits suicide with a single shot to his own head. In Zaragoza, Spain, a young man is pursued around an arena by a raging bull. The man manages to escape the arena unharmed, but the bull strips his pants and underwear off. At a festival in Madrid, Spain, a different bull is provoked into a fiery rage by a sharp prod. It is then led into an enclosed square, where it is stabbed with pointed darts by a crowd of excited spectators. They then release the bull into the city streets. It attacks one man and nearly kills a woman but remarkably she survives and no one is killed. Seven miles off the coast of Chile in the South Pacific, students take a swim in the ocean to cool off. One of them is then attacked by a 16 foot great white shark, who rips one of her legs off. She is lucky to survive. At a circus in Honolulu, Hawaii, a female elephant, Tyke, attacks its circus trainer, Allen Campbell, killing him, and then gores her groomer, Dallas Beckwith. She then escapes the circus and breaks free onto the streets of the city. She is chased by the police who fire numerous rounds at her until she is killed. At a strip club in Palm Shores, Florida, a hidden camera reveals that strippers are having unsafe sex with strangers and several of them are arrested for this. In Las Vegas, Nevada, a hidden camera captures a corrupt cop bargaining with a prostitute for leniancy. He receives a brief blowjob from her and is then arrested while the prostitute is allowed to leave. Some of this footage is actually censored, contrary to the video box's claim. At a 2 Live Crew concert in Savannah, Georgia, one of the rappers pulls aside the string of a thong on a female dancer. He then pours water over it while the dancer shakes about. This resulted in public indecency charges. At another concert, audience members charge onto the stage and erupt into a wild sexual free for all. In Santiago, Chile, at a Deep Purple concert, excited fans climb onto a light tower for a better view of the stage. The tower tips over and collapses onto the crowd with a spark. Forty-four people are injured but incredibly no one is killed. At a road rally in Canberra, New South Wales, Australia, a cameraman is struck by a 280Z as it takes a sharp corner. Remarkably, he only suffers a broken leg and a shattered knee cap. At the Daytona Speedway in Florida, a series of stock car crashes occur during a high speed race. One of the cars hits Mike Staley, who is a paramedic at the race track. Mike suffers numerous broken bones, hundreds of stitches, first, second and third degree burns, but still manages to survive. In Warsaw, Poland, a powerful storm topples a brick chimney across the street onto a crowd of people. A woman in the crowd is killed by the falling bricks. In Grozny, Chechnya, a crowd of several thousand people gather in the capital to watch the public execution of two convicted rapists. The rapists face six relatives of the rape victim. They then carry out the death sentence by shooting the rapists repeatedly to death. In Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, at a shopping centre, two robbers shoot at the police who then return fire. One of the robbers is shot dead and the other is captured. The police decide to execute the surviving robber. In Albuquerque, New Mexico, at a balloon festival, a hot air balloon is blown into power lines. It catches fire and then there is an explosion, as the basket plummets to the ground below. Incredibly, the two people inside the basket are uninjured. In Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, police beat a captive, even though a camera is rolling. In Sao Paulo, Brazil, on another occasion, police beat two men at a checkpoint. The police then shoot at their car for the hell of it but luckily no one is killed and they let the men go. In Moscow, Russia, a hidden camera captures two thugs threatening a businessman for extortion money. The police are watching the scene unfold on a monitor and only belatedly stop them, when they begin choking the businessman with piano wire. Fortunately, the businessman lives. In El Monte, California, at a pool hall, rival gangs fight with each other. One gang member is shot to death after being beaten by a rival gang member. In Tamarac, Florida, at a Floridian drug dealer's home, a hidden camera captures two masked men break into the home to carry out revenge for a drug deal that went bad. The intruders then murder the dealer and two innocent women that are with him. Before leaving, they take off their masks and unintentionally reveal their identities to the police. This allowed the police to find and arrest the murderers a short time later. In Guatemala, two men, convicted of kidnapping, raping and murdering an innocent woman, are lined up for public execution. The execution is scheduled to go ahead, despite a late objection by Pope John Paul II and human rights groups. The men are shot at by a group of police officers holding rifles and are somehow still alive. One officer is instructed to finish them off and does so by shooting them both in the head with a pistol. In Playa Vicente, Mexico, a beaten man is accused of having raped and strangled a local girl. The villagers of the town set the man on fire and burn him alive. When word reaches authorities about the incident, police infiltrate the village and make some arrests. The last clip occurs in Champaign, Illinois, where a train enthusiast sets up his camera to record trains at the station. A crowd of people ignore the warning bells and cross the track. The last of them is a forty-one year old woman, Mary T. Wojtyla, who is accompanied by her lawyer. As they start crossing the track, they fail to notice a passing train to the left of them. The lawyer spots it and stops, but Mary doesn't stop in time. She gets hit and is thrown straight at the camera by a speeding train and is killed instantly. The film then just fades out with no ending credits.  In Bangkok, Thailand, at the stock exchange, a bankrupt and distraught man holds a gun to his own neck in the lobby of the building. Negotiators try to reason with the man but he pulls the trigger. Unbelievably the man survives after being rushed to hospital. In Plano, Texas, a clerk in a convenient store attends to an elderly woman. When she leaves, another man enters and begins asking the clerk questions. His partner then enters and points a gun at the clerk. When the unarmed clerk opens an empty cash register, the robber shoots the clerk to death and the pair flee the store empty handed. In Cincinnati, Ohio, a security camera captures a murder on the front porch of a house. The killer shoots another man in cold blood and then watches him die. The killer was later convicted because of the security camera. In Atlanta, Georgia, a highway patrol officer is struck by a passing car as he carries out a routine traffic stop. He survives having suffered only minor injuries. In Macon, Georgia, a highway patrol man pulls over a big and confused drunk man. The man then attacks the officer and flees the scene. He is arrested further down the road and was later convicted for his crime. In Lincoln, Maine, trooper Stephen Murray tries to issue an angry male driver a speeding ticket. The driver then verbally shouts abuse at the officer, but eventually agrees to pay the fine. In Los Angeles, California, animal control officer, Florence Crowell, is called in to deal with an aggressive pit bull that has previously attacked others. The owner of the dog then intentionally releases it and it attacks her. The dog gnaws its way into her hand, but luckily, a passing man rushes to the rescue. The dog is eventually stopped and later put to sleep, while the owner is sent to prison. In Great Britain, a horse escapes from the racetrack and nearly crushes a baby to death in its pram. Fortunately, both the baby and the horse are uninjured. In Siena, Italy, the infamous horse race, The Palio, takes place before a packed audience. Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York is also in the crowd. There are no rules, all of the jockeys ride bareback. When the race begins, one horse crashes into a wall knocking its jockey violently off. Another horse slips causing the jockey to fall off. He is then trampled by other horses as the race continues. Another horse crashes into a wall. Both the horse and jockey fall to the floor. The race finally ends when the lead jockey wins. No one is killed. In Phoenix, Arizona, a suicidal man climbs to the top of a radio tower. Suddenly he loses his balance and then falls off, crashing to his death below. In Indianapolis, Indiana, fire fighters battle a deadly blaze in an apartment building. One of the fire fighters rescues a woman and climbs down the ladder but suddenly slips. They both fall to the ground and are badly injured but alive. In Miami, Florida, a motorcycle stunt goes horribly wrong when the rider falls from the air to his death below. Home video captures a horrifying scene as a hot air balloon is blown into a power line by high winds. One passenger falls from the balloon and dangles from one of the lower wires of the power line. He then crashes to the ground, followed by a second passenger. It is unclear if they survived. In Los Angeles, California, a man on a motorcycle tries to flee police but crashes into the side of a bus at an intersection and nearly dies. In Newark, New Jersey, police chase a suspect who crashes into the side of a van. The collision loosens the front bumper of the suspects' vehicle. Further down the road, the loose bumper grabs hold of an innocent male pedestrian at an intersection and sends him flying across the road. It is unclear if he survives. As the police attend to the man, the suspect gets away. At the Florida Turnpike, a drug dealer flees from the police, but then loses control and his car flips over onto its roof. The car slides along the road on its roof and eventually stops. The suspect is lucky to survive. In Salt Lake City, Utah, an infra-red camera tracks a fleeing suspect in the dead of night, who is then piled on by police officers and taken into custody. In Charlotte, North Carolina, a SWAT team are called in to deal with an armed suspect wielding a shotgun. The man threatens to kill his father and refuses to give up the weapon. When he steps off the porch and moves to the side of the house, the SWAT team are waiting for him. The man points the gun at the SWAT units forcing them to open fire and kill him. In Tijuana, Mexico, politician, Luis Donaldo Colosio, walks through a crowd of people and is executed by an assassin, Mario Aburto Martínez, who shoots him in the head at point-blank range. In Monrovia, Liberia, two rival militia groups shoot at each other in the city streets. Victorious militia celebrate their victory by brutally beating and shooting a rival casualty to death. Ice skater, Tonya Harding, strips down in her hotel room on her wedding night and has sex with her new husband, Jeff Gillooly. They then hire a man to brutally attack another ice skater, Nancy Kerrigan, by breaking her leg and allowing Harding to win an ice skating competition.  The first series of clips features store clerks being killed, or badly injured, in convenient stores across the United States. One clerk is hit in the head with some sort of melee weapon. The robber then empties the cash register as the frightened clerk backs away in shock. Fortunately the clerk survives. The next clerk is shot in the chest by an armed robber and left bleeding on the floor. She screams in pain for help and fortunately also survives. In Los Angeles, California, another clerk decides to fight back against a group of armed robbers. He is tragically shot to death. In Argentina, a chase sequence for a movie is filmed, but one of the stunt drivers in a car loses control. The car ploughs off the road and charges into two cameramen filming the action. It's unclear if they survived. In Buenos Aries, Argentina, a rally race goes wrong when a driver crashes and is flung out of his rally car. He survives to race again. In Bogota, Columbia, someone goes skydiving, but when they dive out of the plane and try to use their parachute, it fails to open and they fall to their death. In Texas, two officers attempt to arrest a resisting suspect who attacks them with his fists. The officers are forced to open fire on him and shoot him twice in the back. Luckily for the suspect he survives. At Spring Break in New Orleans, Louisiana and Lake Havasu, California, a variety of different women show off their breasts to both the camera and strangers, in exchange for beads. Some of them strip down completely naked on the beach. Then, when some of the women have completely stripped down, the police arrive and take the naked women away as the crowd boo them. The 1998 Winter Olympics introduced a new form of extreme skiing to competition. In Crested Butte, Colorado, an extreme skier attempts to navigate his way down a steep rock slope. Suddenly he loses control and falls down the slope, hitting trees and rocks as he falls. He is later rescued and is badly wounded, but alive. Police video cameras capture some intense pursuits. A man on a motorcycle tries to flee from police but as he stops the bike, the police cruiser cannot stop in time and slams into the back of him, allegedly crushing him to death. In Cobb County, Georgia, at midnight, police chase a stolen jeep along the freeway. They then carry out a PIT maneuver with deadly consequences. The jeep rolls over and over and ejects one of the passengers who is then crushed by the jeep. Meanwhile, a survivor attempts to flee on foot. In Bogota, Colombia, a desperate bank robber takes a pregnant woman hostage. When he threatens to kill the woman, a sharpshooter takes the robber out with a single shot to the head. The woman is unharmed, the robber is killed. In Mexico City, another robber takes an innocent person hostage and uses them as a human shield. A police sniper then takes the robber out by shooting him in the head. The hostage is unharmed. In Sao Paulo, Brazil, a fire engulfs a large building. People on the higher levels of the building climb out onto the windows. One man then leaps off of a window to try and land near the fire truck. He tragically misses and crashes to the ground below. He is killed instantly. In Oklahoma City, police gather round a disturbed but unarmed man. When he challenges the officers they shoot him with rubber bullets and take him into custody. In Miami, Florida, a Cuban immigrant threatens police officers with a machete. When he raises the weapon the police shoot him. He survives and is taken away by paramedics. In San Diego, California, a camera crew films extreme bicycle jumps for a television show. One of the riders attempts a jump but falls off and is badly injured. In Mesquite, Nevada, a biker attempts a dangerous stunt jump. As he accelerates up the ramp and jumps into the air, a gust of wind blows him off course and he crashes onto the road. A frightened crowd gather around the man and paramedics are called in. Unfortunately, the biker dies before paramedics can help him.{{cite web}}"] ["The Backyard is about kids who can't afford to go to professional wrestling school and instead wrestle in their backyards using weapons such as barbed wire, glass and staple guns. The film tracks several wrestlers in Arizona, Nevada, California, New York and England."] ['World Without Sun, a documentary produced and directed by Jacques Cousteau in 1964 chronicles Continental Shelf Station Two, or "Conshelf Two", the first ambitious attempt to create an environment in which men could live and work on the sea floor. In it, a half-dozen oceanauts lived 10 meters down in the Red Sea off Sudan in a star-fish shaped house for 30 days. The undersea living experiment also had two other structures, one a submarine hangar that housed a small, two man submarine referred to as the "diving saucer" for its resemblance to a science fiction flying saucer, and a smaller "deep cabin" where two oceanauts lived at a depth of 30 meters for a week. The undersea colony was supported with air, water, food, power, all essentials of life, from a large support team above. Men on the bottom performed a number of experiments intended to determine the practicality of working on the sea floor and were subjected to continual medical examinations. The documentary, 93 minutes long, received wide international theatrical distribution, and was awarded an Academy Award for Best Documentary,<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/130042/World-Without-Sun/details |title2008-11-09|work9B04E7D91E3BE13ABC4B51DFB467838F679EDE World Without Sun ], The New York Times, December 23, 1964 The confusion came from Crowther\'s assertion that the footage was filmed at great depth, an issue not clearly addressed in the film. His other complaint was a long tracking shot moving out from the window of one of the underwater structures, which Crowther claimed could only have been produced in an aquarium. Cousteau later demonstrated how he and his son Philippe produced the shot with a combination of ropes and small underwater motorized vehicles. Cousteau took great offense, and continued to describe and defend the difficult and innovative techniques used to create the film.'] ["The Chicken of Tomorrow deals with poultry farming and egg farming in the mid 1940s. Filmed to educate the public about how poultry and eggs are farmed, it also deals with how advances in genetic engineering and technology produces a larger chicken. Eggs are farmed and kept in industrial incubators, and an equal number of chickens are used for meat and other products. Altogether, this produces more food for less money, and allows people to support local poultry farms without breaking the bank. This is relatively similar to today's poultry farming despite there now being technological differences."] ["Filmmaker John J Doherty traces the life and work of the Irish artist, book illustrator and stained glass artist Harry Clarke  with major contributions from his biographer Nicola Gordon Bowe as well as many stained glass artists, poets and historians. The film takes the artist's work in stained glass, which was mainly religious & ethereal, and in book illustration, which was mainly dark & fantastical, as the basis for its title and tells a story of talent, struggle, success and the censorship of his final masterpiece 'the Geneva Window'. Harry Clarke brought his expertise in working in fine decorative detail in glass to his book illustrations, most notably in the tales of Hans Anderson and Edgar Allan Poe where he is compared to Aubrey Beardsley and which are featured in the film and paralleled with German Expressionist cinema of the time. The film was made in conjunction with the Irish Film Board and national broadcaster TG4."] ["William Peters follows Jane Elliott's experiment of dividing an otherwise homogenous group of school kids after their eye color."] ["Living with Dead Hearts intends to document the point of views of authorities, parents, victims and various others alike in a documentary format after a massive outcry online in the People's Republic of China on bulletin board system forums.http://www.chinasmack.com/2011/stories/chinese-netizens-organize-to-identify-rescue-child-beggars.html They also go behind the scenes on a brickyard raid, a rare sight often censored by the Chinese government eager to cover up the 2007 Chinese slave scandal, which is still continuing to this day due to the demise of corrupt government officials and their honest counterparts, at the risk of being labelled as political dissidents."] ['In this film, filmmaker David Fisher recruits his three brothers and one sister to set out on a journey to find their lost sister. After the death of their parents, Fisher feels that his family has been grown apart and that his siblings have gone their own separate way, focusing on their relationships with their spouses, children and problems at work. Fisher feels that a search for their sister, who was taken from their parents at birth, would provide a good opportunity to bring them closer. Fisher and his siblings, whose parents were Holocaust survivors, set out on a journey to look into their past, which is also the history of the State of Israel and the time when it was established. The siblings become amateur detectives, hoping to find a shred of evidence to lead them to their sister. During this journey the camera reveals some intimate moments within a family, struggling to survive.'] ["As the audience is seated, the planetarium dome is suffused with a cool blue light, with a suggestion of clouds. The presenter walks to the center of the theater and flourishes a glowing ball about the size of a grapefruit, which he/she alternately lights and dims to accent a description of how various cultures interpreted celestial phenomena such as the cycle of day and night. At the conclusion of the introduction, the orb fades, the theater darkens, and the audience experiences a simulated sunset projected by the laser video system. As the sunset proceeds, the star projector rises to simulate the night sky. The lecturer asks the audience to imagine how mysterious the stars must have seemed to ancient people, and then demonstrates, using the star projector, how people invented constellations in an effort to make sense of the randomly scattered stars. In accelerated time, we see the complex motions of the sun, moon, and planets. The scene dissolves to ancient Alexandria, Egypt. We see the Great Library and the Pharos Lighthouse. In a courtyard, next to a pool surrounded by torches, we see the 2nd Century astronomer Claudius Ptolemy adjusting an armillary sphere to chart star positions. Behind Ptolemy is a small table on which rests a scroll. We approach the scroll and see that it depicts a geocentric model of the universe. Paintings on the scroll morph into 3D representations of the sun, earth, and planets, which hover above the scroll and rotate within a complex system of crystalline spheres, illustrating the earth-centered model of the universe that persisted until the Renaissance. The flame from a lamp pans across the field of view and dissolves to a candle flame burning above the workshop table of Galileo Galilei in Italy around the year 1610. We move into a courtyard where Galileo is observing with his telescope. On an easel lit by a lantern we see his sketches of the moons of Jupiter and the phases of Venus. These drawings also morph into 3D objects to demonstrate how Galileo's observations transformed our perception of the planets and helped establish the Copernican model of the solar system. The film transports the audience through a series of environments, such as Mount Wilson Observatory in the early 1920s, when Edwin Hubble discovered the true nature of the Andromeda Galaxy and the expansion of the universe. Over the desk of an anonymous modern researcher we see a representation of the Big Bang. The device of transforming raw data, such as sketches and photographs, into 3D objects is used to suggest how scientists must apply imagination to interpret their observations. Towards the end of the show, the audience experiences a simulated flight through clusters of galaxies, into the Milky Way Galaxy, our solar system, skimming the surface of Mars, where the probable and tragic loss of oceans beckon the audience to wonder about the future of our planet, and then finally returns to Earth, landing on the front lawn of Griffith Observatory. The presenter once again appears with the glowing ball and delivers an epilogue, reminding the audience that Earth and everything on it, including its inhabitants, was made from the clouds of dust and gas that lace the Milky Way; we are stardust, and the universe is our home."] ['This film tells of the building of the identity of the Aramaic speaking Christians, also known as Assyrians, Syriacs, Chaldeans or Arameans. They are one of the first people to convert to Christianity and they still speak Syriac, a modern dialect of Aramaic. Members of the Chaldean Catholic Church, Assyrian Church of the East, Syriac Orthodox Church and the Syriac Catholic Church, they come from Iraq, Turkey, Syria or Iran and claim to be descendants of the peoples of ancient Mesopotamia. Rejected from the official Catholic Church as heretics in the 5th century, they were named Nestorians or Jacobites by Western Christians. They have kept alive one of the oldest Christian liturgies, they translated ancient Greek texts first into Syriac and then in Arabic and evangelised China and Mongolia during the Golden Age of the Arabic Empire. In 1915, together with the Armenians, they were the victims of genocide and many fled to Europe and the United States. Again, they were slaughtered in Iraq in 1933 during the Simele massacre. Even if they use various names as Chaldeans, Assyrians, Arameans, Suryoyo, Chaldo-Assyrians, Syriacs, Suroyo, Syrians, Suraye etc., they share the same culture and they belong to one people. Very few of them remain in Tur Abdin , where monks protect some of the oldest monasteries of Christianity. There were around 1.5 million Chaldo-Assyrians in Iraq before 1990, now they are fleeing and the Assyrian Democratic Movement and the Chaldean Syriac Assyrian Popular Council are working to help to maintain their culture.'] ['The film explores the lives and relationships of five couples married for fifty years or longer. The couples discuss the issues that inform every long-term relationship. They recount stories of their shared journeys, from living room jazz jam sessions, to the Gay Pride parade in New York, to the backwoods of Northern California.'] ['Beginning with an introduction from Tracy Worcester, the film highlights the practices of factory farms with a particular focus on Poland. The film shows footage of pregnant pigs in steel crates too small to even turn around and reveals how pig waste pollutes the air and drinking water and makes beautiful lakes unsafe to swim in. It also shows how, to prevent the onset of diseases spreading throughout the crowded barns, antibiotics are routinely used thereby increasing the danger of antibiotic resistant bacteria like MRSA and E. coli entering the food chain. The film focuses on the expansion of the multi-national Smithfield Foods of America, based in Virginia which has been the target of impassioned protests by prominent ecologists, from Bobby Kennedy Jrhttp://www.highbeam.com/doc/1G1-105743157.html to The Ecologist{{\'}}s Zac Goldsmith. Initially focusing on the United States, Worcester explains how large corporations such as Smithfield Foods – an organisation that processes 27 million pigs in 15 countries, producing sales of $12 billion every year – have effective control over the whole market, providing cheap meat to supermarkets which in turn sends small, independent farms out of business.http://www.morningstaronline.co.uk/index.php/news/content/view/full/76540 The film documents the pig industry\'s record of human and environmental disasters in America and its expansion into the EU market by moving to Poland. When the excreta of 10,000 pigs  is stored in massive anaerobic lagoons  and sprayed over surrounding fields, local residents report unusually frequent headaches, eye irritation, excessive coughing, nausea and asthma. At one moment Worcester gamely climbed over a barbed wire fence where she filmed thousands of pigs on bare slatted floors before being chased away by the pig attendant. More shocking footage included in the film shot by Compassion in World Farming shows dead piglets floating in a lagoon and dead pigs amongst the living inside a factory farm. The film incorporates interviews with medical experts, politicians, industry heads, farmers and villagers from both sides of the debate including a centrepiece interview with Smithfield Foods\' vice-president of environmental and corporate affairs. It also draws heavily on Bobby Kennedy Jr., nephew of the late US President John F. Kennedy, an environmental lawyer who has led successful legal actions against factory farms.http://www.grist.org/article/griscom-kennedy/ One scientist identifies studies which show that a significant percentage of workers in these super-farms can develop chronic respiratory illness. Because of the EU\'s agriculture policy, thousands of Polish farmers who have helped to keep their landscape an "unspoilt jewel of Central Europe", are being driven out of business and into unemployment and migration. The advance of factory farms in Poland has been helped by huge multi-million dollar loans from the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development - a bank guaranteed and subsidised by the taxpayer. The film also points out that supermarkets choose to bulk-buy from the super-farms and inadequate labelling often makes it unclear where and how the pork has been produced. UK independent pig farmers claim they are being ruined because they cannot compete with the low cost of imported pork produced to lower standards and with cheaper labour in Europe. In closing, the documentary describes solutions to the issues it highlights. It advocates buying British to ensure the sows are not kept in crates for their entire pregnancy and ideally buying organic, free range or outdoor reared pork from farmers\' markets and high street butchers to support independent farmers.'] ['A small town and its hopeful citizens are about to embark on a bright new journey. Massive rusty cranes, foreign investors, and the joyful chants of cheerleaders carry the dream of a great nuclear future. Disturbed only by gigantic stinging mosquitoes, the townsfolk celebrate the atomic hurray by engraving the nuclear power plant logo on buildings and soup bowls. Amidst the apparent atomic prosperity, lies a past that no one wants to remember. An island holding terrifying secrets. Stories of shocking and horrible crimes loom on the city just like the dark clouds of mosquitoes descending on its citizens. A world instantly transformed by ideologies, regimes and dreams of economic prosperity. The tales of characters whose lives intersect in a sinister past, nuclear future and the stinging mosquitoes flying through time, sealing their fate together.'] ['Oscar is the nickname given by Tim Allen  to a young chimpanzee in his toddler years. He is part of a close-knit tribe of Chimpanzees. They occupy a forest territory which is rich in native fruits, nuts, and figs, among other things. The chimps hunt small tree monkey, and they also eat ants. Oscar is tended by his mother, nicknamed Isha, and from her he begins learning many things about how to survive in the jungle. In the chaos of an attempted raid by a rival gang of chimpanzees, led by \'Scar\', Isha is injured and separated from the group and her son. As told by Tim Allen, Isha is most probably the victim of a nocturnal leopard. Unaware of his mother\'s death, Oscar spends much of his time looking for her. He finds trouble in recalling the things she taught him and begins to lose weight quickly. He attempts to find another mother to take care of him; however, none of the females can afford him, having young of their own to raise. As time goes on, Oscar is rejected by nearly every chimp in the group, until the only one left to ask is the tough-skinned leader, Freddy. However, as Oscar follows the leader and imitates him, it is soon revealed that the unlikely duo may work out. The two gradually warm up to each other more and more, until one day Freddy lets Oscar ride on his back, something normally only mother chimps do. In this way, Freddy "adopts" Oscar. As the rivals prepare for attack, Freddy is forced to take time away from Oscar to organize the other members of the group, and this leaves the young chimp confused. Scar leads a vicious attack, although because of the unity of Freddy\'s group, they have a rousing success, and Scar and the enemy chimps retreat into the jungle. A few months later, it is revealed that the bond between Freddy and Oscar has continued to grow, and that life in the group is slowly returning to normal.'] ['Built at the dawn of the 20th century, the neighborhood of Garden City was a small residential area bordering on downtown Cairo, Egypt, where international political leaders had their residences. Giran walks us through this neighborhood as it is nowadays. Abandoned mansions, luxurious salons, embassies, shops or rooftops, where a whole family lives. The houses and their occupants, witnesses of the changes in History, tell tales of break-ups, hopes and survival.'] ['Polis Is This is a film that follows the life of the poet Charles Olson. Filmmaker Henry Ferrini uses archival footage of Olson, as well as an array of interview subjects, including actor John Malkovich, to paint a picture of Olson and his life. Throughout the course of the film, Olson struggles to save Gloucester, Massachusetts, his home town, from progress, which in his opinion was taking away the town\'s very essence. Henry Ferrini is a native of Gloucester himself, and feels the way Olson does about the issues of progress. Polis is This encourages viewers to appreciate where they come from and educates them about the extraordinary possibilities that exist in the ordinary things that exist around them in their daily lives.{{citation needed}} Author Jim Harrison has called the film "sublime" and "simply stunning." Russell Banks has called the film "an invaluable contribution to our literature."http://www.polisisthis.com/press.html'] ["Nadine Bari takes us down a road in Guinea as she searches for her husband. As she does, she tells us of the long battle she faced to get the Guinean authorities to tell her what had happened to her husband after he disappeared. Hopeful and desperate, her story is similar to that of thousands of women who are still trying to discover what became of their husbands, fathers, brothers or sons during Sékou Touré's dictatorship."] ['Where does cinéma vérité come from? Who were its predecessors and what did they create? Compelled by the urge to get closer to the people in front of the camera, cinema vérité sprouted in a context of unprecedented creative freedom. Avant-garde techniques and the pioneering filmmakers behind them, notably National Film Board of Canada icon Michel Brault, set the stage for a new movie-making philosophy born in the ‘50s and ‘60s, a philosophy whose influence lives on in virtually every facet of today’s media. Denys Desjardins recounts the story of a collective of rebel artists who revolutionized shooting and production methods within the backdrop of Quebec’s Quiet Revolution. Interviews with forerunners Michel Brault, Roger Blais, Wolf Koenig, Denys Arcand, Marcel Carrière, Roman Kroitor, Terence Macartney-Filgate, Fernand Dansereau, Claude Fournier, Jean-Claude Labrecque, Jacques Giraldeau, and others, revisit a pivotal turning point in the evolution of modern film.'] ['Soyo  is a quiet, conscientious sixth form student. Although he doesn’t enjoy school, he attends dutifully, without a word of complaint. And then, one day, he discovers inline skating. A complete beginner, he practices at first in a hidden corner of the park. Here, he meets a group of wild skaters and immediately, one skater, Mogi , catches his eye. His adventurous jumps and breathtaking loops defy all laws of gravity. Mogi is without doubt the star of the group. His stunts, his style and the cool way he executes even the most daring of figures are unrivalled. Mogi’s girlfriend, Hanjoo , invites Soyo to join their team and he accepts enthusiastically.<ref name2006 Programme: Tae-Poong-Tae-Yang|urlBerlinale}} No sooner does he become a member of the skaters than his life changes completely. The loneliness Soyo sometimes felt simply disappears – as does his quiet existence. He soon makes enormous progress as a skater. Soyo’s life becomes faster and more exciting, and Mogi and Hanjoo turn out to be the kind of friends he always dreamed of having. The team are busy preparing for the world championships, in which Mogi is to take part. But then, disaster strikes. The film crew with whom Mogi is working on a commercial shoot is particularly condescending to him. He allows himself to be goaded into performing a particularly dangerous jump that ends in a bad accident. All at once, the whole team is completely absorbed with trying to scrape the money together to pay off their looming debts, and Mogi appears to have lost all interest in skating. Soyo’s faith in his new friends dwindles and the once-successful team threatens to fall apart.'] ['Composing the film\'s main narrative thread are several long, uninterrupted shots of The Rolling Stones in a sound studio, recording and rerecording various parts to "Sympathy for the Devil." The dissolution of Stone Brian Jones is vividly portrayed, and the chaos of 1968 is made clear when a line referring to the killing of John F. Kennedy is heard changed to the plural after the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy in June. Interwoven through the movie are outdoor shots of Black Panthers milling about in a junkyard littered with the rusting cars heaped upon each other. They read from revolutionary texts  and toss their rifles to each other, from man to man, as if in an assembly line, or readying for an impending battle. A group of white women, apparently kidnapped and dressed in white, are brutalized and ultimately shot, off-camera; their bloody bodies are subsequently seen in various tableaus throughout the film. The rest of the film contains a powerful political message in the form of a voiceover about Marxism, the need for revolution and other topics in which Godard was interested. One scene involves a camera crew following a woman about, played by Anne Wiazemsky in a yellow peasant dress, in an outdoor wildlife setting, and no matter what she\'s asked, always answers "yes" or "no". As can be seen from the chapter heading to the scene, she is supposed to be a personification of democracy, a woman named Eve Democracy. At least one quarter of the film is devoted to indoor shots of a bookstore that sells such diverse items as Marvel\'s Doctor Strange, DC\'s The Atom, and The Flash comic books, Marxist pamphlets for propaganda, and various men\'s magazines. Alternating with the shots of comic books, pinup magazines, and Marxist pamphlets, consumers casually enter the bookstore, approach a bookshelf, pick up books or magazines, exchange them for a sheet of paper, and then slap the faces of two Maoist hostages sitting patiently next to a book display. Toward the end of the scene, a small child is admitted for the purpose of buying a pamphlet and slapping the faces of the hostages. After exchanging their purchases and receiving their document, each customer raises his/her right arm in a Nazi salute, and leaves the store. Mimicking the earlier scene of the camera crew following Eve Democracy is the last scene to the movie where the camera crew mills about on the beach and from afar one man asks another "what are they doing over there?" To which the other answers "I think they\'re shooting a movie". A large camera crane is positioned on the beach and another woman in white is laid down upon the end of the crane and elevated along with a motion picture camera on the platform until she is well above the beach. She doesn\'t rise up but remains motionless, half-hanging off the crane, one leg dangling.'] [' As his contract nears expiration in March 1996, professional wrestler Bret "Hitman" Hart was torn between two companies, World Wrestling Federation  and World Championship Wrestling  during the Monday Night Wars. On one hand, the WWF was his home. The chairman of the company, Vince McMahon, is a father figure to Hart and takes credit for Hart\'s rise to international wrestling stardom. However, the company\'s new creative approach to marketing professional wrestling, the "WWF Attitude" marketing brand which relies on an emphasis on sex, extreme violence, and the replacing of heroic wrestling characters with disaffected anti-heroes in effort to compete against the already-popular WCW, has left Hart disillusioned. Ted Turner\'s WCW, on the other hand, was willing to pay him a great deal to "jump ship" as well as give him a fresh start in a company that offers a more wholesome approach. Hart chooses to remain loyal, and despite the fact that WWF\'s Raw Is War is losing the Monday Night Wars to its rival WCW Monday Nitro, he signs a twenty year deal with the WWF. McMahon soon retracts the deal, and encourages Hart to move on to WCW, citing financial reasons. This leaves him with no choice but to take WCW President Eric Bischoff\'s offer and prepare to leave the WWF. As the still-reigning WWF Champion, conflicts arise regarding his final match with the company, including Hart\'s unwillingness to drop the WWF Championship. To be more precise, Hart is not willing to lose the title to Shawn Michaels, with whom he holds a bitter, real-life rivalry, in his home country of Canada. This leads to one of the most infamous events in professional wrestling known as the Montreal Screwjob. This documentary is a rare look at professional wrestling behind the scenes. Examples include Hart discussing with The Undertaker and Pat Patterson how matches will proceed, Bret\'s wife, Julie, accusing Triple H of being in on the "screwjob", and the monstrous Vader discussing his recently acquired real estate license and future career plans. Wrestling with Shadows also gives a rare look at Hart\'s family life as well as the Hart House—childhood home to Bret Hart as well as the rest of his extensive, wrestling-oriented family. Hart\'s mother, Helen, describes how she hates wrestling and has been wishing the family would abandon it for decades. Hart describes the role that wrestling has played in his life while footage is shown of his father, Stu, legitimately applying submission holds on a student of his basement—a notorious training room known as the Dungeon. Hart\'s wife, Julie, is also interviewed about the toll wrestling has taken on their relationship and raising four children. Hart is shown discussing with both his father and his wife the choice to stay with the WWF or move to WCW. In one instance, his frustration at his kitchen table leads him to ask the director to stop filming. Other highlights of the documentary include interviews held in the Meadowlands parking lot where the director asks slightly intoxicated and incoherent wrestling fans their take on the ensuing America versus Canada feud, wherein one woman credits Bret Hart as her inspiration for going back to school for computer graphics. Another interviewee claims that Americans do not love their children when they cheer for heel wrestlers like Shawn Michaels and Steve Austin. Another wrestling fan even shares beliefs that a strong connection lies between corporate America and the Undertaker/Bret Hart storyline. His words detail how Americans have to operate through a "by any means necessary" philosophy.  {{See also}} The final act of the film sheds light on the events building up to Survivor Series \'97 in which Hart put his WWF title on the line against Shawn Michaels. Hart is seen entering a private discussion with McMahon on how his final match will play out, which is heard on film due to Hart wearing a wire. They seem to find common ground and agree to a no contest or "schmozz". This result would then allow Hart to make a farewell speech the following night on Raw and forfeit his WWF Championship. Hart begins the match believing that it will end as he and McMahon agreed upon; midway through the bout, Michaels had Hart in a sharp shooter  which Hart was in the process of escaping. However, McMahon comes to ringside and orders referee—and close friend of Hart—Earl Hebner to call for the ringside bell to be rung, signaling the end of the match. Hebner does so and declares Michaels the winner, stripping Hart of the title. An enraged Hart spits on McMahon while Hebner, fearing for his safety, flees the building. Hart spells out "WCW" with his fingers to the shocked and confused crowd and smashes numerous ringside television monitors before storming backstage to confront Michaels and McMahon. Michaels feigns ignorance. During a closed-door confrontation with McMahon, Hart punches him in the face; Hart\'s wife, believing that the incident was a conspiracy by the entire WWF roster, corners and confronts numerous wrestlers, most of whom appear bemused. A stunned, bruised McMahon staggers out of the building and Hart and his family leave. The film concludes with footage of Hart at home while on screen text details the immediate fallout of the screwjob.'] ['The film was written by Pulitzer Prize winner Ira Berkow, and narrated by two-time Academy Award winning actor Dustin Hoffman. It was directed by Peter Miller, a documentary filmmaker known for his previous films A Class Apart, Sacco and Vanzetti, and The Internationale.{{cite web}} Dustin Hoffman does not normally narrate films, and initially turned down the project. But when he looked at the script, he changed his mind, saying: "Oh, this is about bigotry and overcoming anti-Semitism, about discrimination and these issues that I grew up with, that really matters to me". The stereotype of Jews as non-athletic, as well as anti-semitism, are two issues that many Jewish baseball players faced and had to overcome. Noted anti-semite Henry Ford wrote on May 22, 1920: “If fans wish to know the trouble with American baseball they have it in three words—too much Jew.”<ref namehttp://nyblueprint.com/articles/view.aspx?id Jews and Baseball Is A Film You Should Catch|authorThe New York Blueprint |dateDecember 12, 2010}} A number of early Jewish ballplayers changed their names, so that it would not be apparent that they were Jewish.{{cite web}} Director Miller said:  At its heart, this is a film about overcoming stereotypes. Bigotry against Jews has faded a great deal...  The story of a once-marginalized people finding their way into the American mainstream offers lessons for a country that continues to grapple with its ideal as a place where talent should overcome prejudice, where we can retain our differences while still being American, where anyone who can hit or pitch or run can be a part of the magic and drama of our national game.<ref namefull "Baseball as a cultural connection; Documentary explores special ties for Jews]," Maureen Mullen, The Boston Globe, December 9, 2010, accessed December 11, 2010] The documentary contains rare archival footage and photos, and music ranging from Benny Goodman to Yo-Yo Ma to Rush.&#60;ref namehttp://www.jewsandbaseball.com/players.html |titleJewsandbaseball.com |dateDecember 12, 2010}} Also featured in the film are Norm Sherry, Ron Blomberg, Maury Allen, Larry King, Ron Howard, and Yogi Berra.http://www.jewsandbaseball.com/{{cite web}}  The documentary focuses especially on two players. One is Hank Greenberg, a two-time American League MVP, five-time All Star, and Hall of Famer. Anti-Semitic barbs directed at him from the stands served to motivate him, he said. The film notes a column in the Detroit Free Press, in which Edgar Guest wrote in response to Greenberg&#39;s absence from the lineup: “We shall miss him on the infield, and shall miss him at the bat, but he’s true to his religion and we honor him for that.”&#60;ref nameNovember 17, 2010\xa0|\xa012:01 pm |url Patrick Goldstein and James Rainey |titleThe Los Angeles Times |dateDecember 12, 2010}} Koufax agreed to a rare filmed interview for the documentary.{{cite web}} Youkilis notes in the film: It’s something that I probably won’t realize until my career is over, how many people are really rooting for me and cheering for me. And it’s not just because I went 3-for-4, or had a great game. It’s just the fact that I represent a lot of Jewish people and a lot of the Jewish heritage and the struggles that a lot of our people have had.'] ['The film first looks at Grigori Alexandrov, a director who made his career in 1930s musicals. He directed the unlikely hit, Jolly Fellows  which, with the backing of Maxim Gorky, and the personal approval of Stalin. Alexandrov went on to create other propagandistic musicals, including Volga, Volga , which details the story of peasants who boat to Moscow on the River Volga to become singers. These musicals starred his wife, Lyubov Orlova. Next, the film examines East German musical films, including the wildly successful My Wife Wants to Sing , which earned a great deal of money but its Western message of personal ambition may not have gelled with critics. Ultimately, the freezing that came with the creation of the Berlin Wall and the end of Prague Spring doomed these musicals to the dustbin of history.'] ["The film utilizes several techniques to create a biographical portrait of Jacques Derrida. These include interviews shot by the filmmakers, footage of Derrida's lectures and speaking engagements, and personal footage of Derrida at home with his friends and family. In several scenes, Ziering Kofman also reads excerpts from Derrida's work or otherwise describes aspects of his life. Derrida also focuses on Derrida's thesis that scholars tend to ignore important biographical information when discussing philosophers' lives.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}} In one scene, Derrida comments that he would be most interested in hearing about famous philosophers' sex lives because this topic is seldom addressed in their writings. The filmmakers respond to many of these criticisms by probing Derrida on various aspects of his own personal life, though he usually refuses to directly answer questions about himself. The film also follows Derrida during a trip to South Africa where he visits Nelson Mandela's former prison cell and discusses forgiveness with university students. Derrida states that his own childhood experiences with anti-Semitism have heightened his sensitivity to racial issues."] ['Bury the Hatchet is a portrait of three Mardi Gras Indian Big Chiefs of New Orleans, descendants of runaway slaves taken in by the Native Americans of the Louisiana bayous. Once plagued by intertribal violence, today these African-American tribes take to the backstreets of New Orleans on Mardi Gras, dressed in elaborate Native-American influenced costumes that they sew over the course of the year. When tribes meet instead of attacking each other with hatchets and knives, they battle over which Chief has the prettiest suit. The film follows Big Chiefs Alfred Doucette, Victor Harris and Monk Boudreaux over the course of five years, both pre and post Hurricane Katrina, and is an exploration of their art and philosophies, as well as their struggles within their communities: harassment by the police, violence amongst themselves, gentrification of their neighborhoods, disinterested youth, old age and natural disaster. Filmmaker Aaron Walker gained intimate entry into this often hidden New Orleans experience and discovered not only a fascinating and beautiful culture but endearing characters and a truly dramatic narrative. The film is the story of the unique and endangered culture of New Orleans they represent—as bearers of tradition, artists, musicians, and warriors who have laid down their weapons, but not their determination to survive as a people. With a celebratory soundtrack of New Orleans music and additional scoring by pianist George Winston, the film is an intimate entry into this often hidden New Orleans experience.'] ['In an era in which we depend more and more on electricity, Kinshasa suffers constant electricity shortages and the city is overrun by generators. The inhabitants of Mont Ngafula neighborhood surveil the electrical cables.'] ['In the Bornean rainforest Dr. Anne Russon, primate psychologist, broaches new territory in the attempt to understand orangutan intelligence and psychology. Orangutans, like humans, have "culture." They do not rely solely on animal instinct for survival. Instead a rich and complex society of elders and peers provides the young with critical knowledge that is necessary for their survival in the rainforest. The destruction of the orangutan\'s habitat to make way for palm oil plantations and the illegal pet-trade threaten the lives of these great apes. When they are taken out of their habitat or when it is destroyed, their culture is disabled. Dr. Willie Smits, director of the Wanariset Orangutan Reintroduction Project, and his team rescue hundreds of orangutans. Dr. Smits is committed to preserving orangutan habitat and returning captives back into rainforest homes. Dr Carl Van Schaik, primatologist, discusses the rapidly diminishing opportunity to learn about human evolution as the number of wild orangutans dwindles precariously. He believes questions such as, \'where does our culture come from?\' can be answered through the study of orangutan culture and in this context discusses the incredibly fragile culture of the solitary orangutan. At Wanariset the orphans learn the skills they need to survive in the wild. When they are old and skilled enough they are released into protected rainforest. Without mothers and more knowledgeable elders, strange \'Lord of the Flies\' communities evolve in the forest. Eventually the orangutans learn to sustain themselves without human aid. With the impending extinction of orangutans, opportunities to observe and interact them in their natural setting are reduced. "Poignant without sentimentality...making us think hard about the meanings and values of culture and nature." Prof. Lorraine Daston, Director, Max Planck Institute for the History of Science'] ['The documentary covers singer-songwriters whose songs are more traditional to early folk and country music instead of following in the tradition of the previous generation. Some of film\'s featured performers are Guy Clark, Townes Van Zandt, Steve Earle, David Allan Coe, Rodney Crowell, Gamble Rogers, Steve Young, and The Charlie Daniels Band. The movie features the first known recordings of Grammy award winners Steve Earle and Rodney Crowell who were quite young at the time and appear to be students of mentor Guy Clark. Steve Earle was also a big fan of Van Zandt at the time. The beginning of the movie shows Larry Jon Wilson in a recording studio shortly after he had been woken up for the movie after having been partying all night after a gig into the morning. The film maker goes to Austin and visits Townes Van Zandt at his trailer  and his girlfriend Cindy, his dog Geraldine, Rex "Wrecks" Bell, and Uncle Seymour Washington  at his place, who is also called "The Walking Blacksmith", and who gives his great worldly advice to the viewers and represents a very important aspect of the atmosphere that these songwriters living in the South are surrounded by and involved in. The movie shows Charlie Daniels completely fill a big high school gymnasium. Then the camera man, sound recorder and director join David Allan Coe and film him playing a gig at the Tennessee State Prison where he admits to being a former inmate and tells a story of being there and seems to bring out friends of his onto the stage who still are inmates there and they perform a gospel number "Thank You Jesus" that they used to sing in the yard. The end of the movie shows a drinking party that starts Christmas Eve and ends sometime Christmas Day at Guy Clark\'s house in Nashville with Guy, Susanna Clark, Steve Young, Rodney Crowell, Steve Earle, Jim McGuire , along with several other guests. Steve Young leads the group in a rendition of Hank Williams\' song "I\'m So Lonesome I Could Cry" and Rodney Crowell leads everyone in "Silent Night".'] ["Virus is the story of lovers, Abhinay and Sajitha Beti, both working in a Software firm. One day Sajitha Beti disappears from Abhinay's life. Shankar, brother of the Sajitha helps the lovers to reunite in spite of Sajitha Beti's dreaded disease, which was kept hidden from Abhinay. The film shows the life after for AIDS patients and gives the message that, society should be kind to AIDS patients and consider as normal humans. The film travels in documentary mode sometimes, as it concentrates on AIDS disease itself."] ['For forty years the Havo voor Muziek en Dans has given talented young people the opportunity to study music and dance in depth as well as following the normal high school curriculum, with the possibility of going on to the conservatory or dance academy. Each pupil dreams of becoming a professional dancer or musician. The film focuses on eight students: John, Lorenzo, Genelva, Paul, Misha, Alysh, Mickel and Rory.{{cite web}} The camera gives a view of the pupils\' daily life in the school as the camera "dances" between classrooms and practice rooms. It shows the tension of the tough entrance exams and the demanding teachers. It shows the sacrifices the pupils have to make to realize their dreams, such as 12-year old Alysh from distant Joure who has to live in lodgings while she studies at the school.'] ["Blue Gold: World Water Wars examines environmental and political implications of the planet's dwindling water supply, and posits that wars in the future will be fought over water.Film Review - Blue Gold: World Water Wars The film also highlights some success stories of water activists around the world and makes a strong case for community action."] ["A movie for the youth, about the youth and by the youth. That's precisely what the makers of Aamra proclaims it to be. It is about six characters from diverse backgrounds and their take on love and sex. In fact its also officially the first sex comedy in Bengali. As the story begins we find Amit Roy, Bhasha Chatterjee, Raj Mukherjee, Shreya Ghosal, Tapash Chatterjee and Sunaina Bannerjee talking about love. Everyone is talking about their first love, lover affairs and love making. Amit is a filmmaker. His first love was Rupa who was a married woman. But they had broken up. Tapash is an academician having an affair with Sunaina. Raj was Shreya's boyfriend but they broke up six months ago. Bhasha is a homemaker. Raj calls himself a future rockstar. They have a rock band. Shreya is a school teacher. Sunaina is a student. Amit and Shreya a suddenly meet in an internet chatroom. They go on a date. Raj also gets attracted to Sunaina. Amit feels an infatuation for Bhasha when she comes for an audition to him. Sunaina does not feel comfortable with Tapash anymore. Bhasha doubts Tapash and says that she wants a divorce. They get divorced. Everybody tries to understand their own actual feelings. They try to get perfect partners for themselves. Sunaina breaks up with Tapash and proposes to Raj. Shreya decides to go for an arranged marriage. Bhasha and Amit get close. Everybody finds the right partner. Amit  is a telefilm director who has just had her girlfriend , older than he is and a wife and mother, walking out of their relationship. On a chat site he meets Shreya . Shreya, young, pretty and sexy, is a teacher in a junior high school. She has just dumped Raj  who is a wannabe rockstar struggling to make it big. Raj hooks up Sunny , an undergraduate student in the same college/university, who has a secret relationship with Tapas , her English professor. Bhasha  is the professor's wife with an aspiration for acting. She meets Amit for a drama audition and starts liking him in subsequent meets. Except Tapas who is 39, all others are in their early to late twenties."] ["Although loosely structured, the film is concerned mainly with four topics: Chełmno, where gas vans were first used to exterminate Jews; the death camps of Treblinka and Auschwitz-Birkenau; and the Warsaw Ghetto, with testimonies from survivors, witnesses, and perpetrators. The sections on Treblinka include testimony from Abraham Bomba, who survived as a barber, Richard Glazar, an inmate, and a rare interview with Franz Suchomel, an SS officer who worked at the camp who reveals intricate details of the camp's gas chamber. Suchomel apparently agreed to provide Lanzmann with some anonymous background details; Lanzmann instead secretly filmed his interview, with the help of assistants and a hidden camera. There is also an account from Henryk Gawkowski, who drove one of the trains while intoxicated with vodka. Gawkowski is portrayed on the photograph used on the poster. Testimonies on Auschwitz are provided by Rudolf Vrba, who escaped from the camp before the end of the war and Filip Müller, who worked in an incinerator burning the bodies from the gassings. There are also accounts from various local villagers, who witnessed trains heading daily to the camp and returning empty; they quickly guessed the fate of those on board. The only two Jews to survive Chelmno are interviewed: Simon Srebnik, who was forced to sing military songs to amuse the Nazis and Mordechaï Podchlebnik. There is also a secretly filmed interview with Franz Schalling, who was a guard. The Warsaw ghetto is discussed toward the end of the film, and the conditions there are described by Jan Karski, who worked for the Polish government-in-exile and Franz Grassler, a Nazi administrator who liaised with Jewish leaders. Memories from Jewish participants in the Warsaw Ghetto uprising conclude the documentary. Lanzmann also interviews Holocaust historian Raul Hilberg, who discusses the historical significance of Nazi propaganda against the European Jews and the Nazi invention of the Final Solution. The complete text of the film was published in 1985."] ["The story begins with Tony recalling himself as a child in the 1960s at the age of four, coming from an aloof family in Trentham, Victoria. Tony's father was an agricultural labourer who suffered from alcoholism. Tony, without an older male role model, originally felt warm attachment to the other main figure in the film, his father's workmate and drinking friend Gordon Kerr. Then on one night Gordon - who was to be looking after the child - raped Tony. Tony and his younger brother continued to be sexually assaulted by Gordon for the following ten years until his parents unexpectedly saw this for themselves and were forced to acknowledge what was happening. Tony and his brother were then sent away to live with family in Melbourne. For the following years Tony seemed to be living a normal, happy life and seemed to put his past behind him. However, as Tony aged into his twenties he lost his job and drifted in a life of alcoholism and drug abuse. Tony then once again escaped, this time to go to Western Australia to come clean. After hearing radio reports of sexual abuse in the Catholic Church, Tony realised he was too traumatised by his past to forget. On recommendation of a social worker, Tony returned to his hometown in 1995 to have Gordon charged. Despite having a confession from Gordon himself, the police refused to initiate criminal proceedings. One night soon afterwards Tony became psychotic and pleaded for the police to detain him so he would not harm himself or anyone else. The police ignored Tony, who then went to Gordon's home to confront him. Tony was holding an axe for self defense as he knocked on Gordon's door. After Gordon opened the door to point a gun at him, Tony then proceeded to strike Gordon as he pointed the gun away. Tony was charged with murder to be convicted of manslaughter under a plea bargain in 1996. As he already served his sentence in custody before being convicted, Tony was released immediately afterwards. The film concludes in 2002 with Tony, who, while functioning in a comparatively normal life, still remains frequently traumatised by his experiences. A disturbing film that nonetheless challenges taboos, it highlights the reluctance for authorities and sometimes even families to confront sexual abuse as well as the devastating impact it has on victims' lives."] ["The documentary tracks Globo's involvement with and support of the military dictatorship, its illegal partnership with the American group Time Warner , Marinho's political maneuverings  and a controversial deal involving shares of NEC Corporation and government contracts. It also features interviews with noted Brazilian personalities, such as singer-songwriter Chico Buarque, politicians Leonel Brizola and Antonio Carlos Magalhães and the ex-president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva."] ['In 1939, the end of the Spanish Civil War forced thousands of men, women and children to flee Francoist Spain. The French administration in Algeria opened refugee camps to take them in. Seventy years later, a young Algerian investigates the past. Despite the absence of archives and files, the traces of these camps have survived the collective oblivion and still appear in current Algeria.'] ['Raquela, a Filipino transsexual prostitute dreams of making a new life in Paris. She becomes an internet porn star and meets Valerie, an Icelandic transsexual, and Michael, the owner of the website she works for.{{cite web}}'] ['Set in war-torn Congo and post-conflict Liberia, Living in Emergency interweaves the stories of four doctors as they struggle to provide emergency medical care in extreme conditions. Two of the doctors are new recruits: a 26 year-old Australian stranded in a remote bush clinic and an American surgeon struggling to cope under the load of emergency cases in a shattered capital city. Two others are experienced field hands: a dynamic Head of Mission, valiantly trying to keep morale high and tensions under control, and an exhausted veteran, who has seen too much horror and wants out. Amidst the chaos, each volunteer must confront the severe challenges of the work, the tough choices, and the limits of their idealism.'] ["A film about the life and work of filmmaker Djibril Diop Mambéty, with testimonials from filmmakers Abderrahmane Sissako, Newton Aduaka and Mahamat-Saleh Haroun, Cheik Fantamady Camara, Mahama Johnson Traoré; critics Catherine Ruelle, Thierno I. Dia and Brice Ahounou; Cameroonian actor Gérard Essomba; Mambéty's brother, Wasis Diop; and his son, Teemour Diop. {{cite web}}"] ['At the brink of year 2000, a time when Nostradamus and other prophets predicted doomsday, a cosmic meltdown, Almanach 1999-2000 takes a humorous look at the world of divination. A fiscinating trip to the very heart of the strange, this film opens up the spheres of the paranormal, giving us an opportunity to discover an entire gallery of colourful personalities  who manage to cast doubt on our entire relationship with the future.'] ['Can cultural heritage and ancient customs help conserve the environment and biodiversity? This is what this documentary shows as it offers us images of typical plants from Morocco.'] ['The film documents Hurtubise\'s diligent work to improve his homemade "grizzly-proof" suit of armour, his efforts to test its resilience, and his forays into the Rockies to track down the grizzlies he dreams of meeting. The film manages to capture the humor of the project as well as its sincerity. It is directed by Peter Lynch and produced by Michael Allder.'] ['The documentary focuses on the lives of 5 women aging from 16 to 60, coming from different walks of life, from different profession, religion and regions of Bangladesh.'] ["Jean-Pierre Melville, born Jean-Pierre Grumbach, was of Alsatian Jewish descent. Having to flee Nazi-occupied France during World War II, he joined the French Resistance and took the pseudonym Melville, in tribute to American novelist Herman Melville. He subsequently retained his war name as his stage name, once the war was over. This personal experience of the war and in particular of resistance fighting impacted Melville's formative year and has an influence which can be seen in his films."] ['The film is a creative documentary where biography and history, stories and archives create a frame around the figure of Lumumba, his political assassination, media and memory. It is a unique opportunity to examine, 50 years later, the life and legend of Lumumba.'] ["This is Kirk Cameron's partial description on the film's website: I’m retracing the footsteps of our Founders from England to America in the hope of discovering our true “national treasure.” I want to listen to them, to learn from them. Because I suspect Forefathers knew we were a forgetful people, that someday we would lose our way as a nation. So they left us a map that would guide us back to the source of America’s success. I've already completed the first part of my trip, and I’m happy to say, my hunch was right! What I've discovered already is amazing! The key to transforming our nation and securing our children's future is not complicated. Best of all, it’s not hidden away like something out of the Da Vinci Code. It's been right in front of us all along, and I can’t wait to show it to you in this film. Cameron asserts that such a &#34;key&#34; is manifest in the National Monument to the Forefathers in Plymouth, Massachusetts, which is a large statue commemorating the Mayflower Pilgrims. Co-writer Marshall Foster ascribes to this statue the contextual validity of Monumental's message, based on the statue's symbolism and engraved dedication. According to Foster, &#34;The monument depicts Faith, and Faith is pointing to God and has an open Geneva Bible in the right hand and a star of wisdom&#34;. {{cite web}}"] ['O Sertão das Memórias is a black-and-white film that tells the story of two Sertanejos, the inhabitants of Sertão. Maria is the female reincarnation of Jesus, representing the strength of the Sartanejo women. She invites the Beatas  on a mission of prayer for which they journey through the countryside, witnessing social unrest among the population. Maria meets the hero of the peasants, the strong worker Antero whose history intermingles with hers. Through mythical dreams, visions, and stories heard along their journey, we witness the unfolding of Biblical prophecy in which Old Testament texts mingle with the folktales of the Sertão. The film aims to show how people try to find strength in myths, art, and religion when faced with the harsh realities of life.'] ['The focus of the film is Syd Barrett, the lead vocalist and guitarist of the early Pink Floyd, who created their unique psychedelic sound and most of the band\'s early songs, including the singles "Arnold Layne" and "See Emily Play" and much of their first album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn. Barrett\'s name passed into rock folklore when he was kicked out of Pink Floyd in 1968 and, after two extraordinary but erratic solo albums, disappeared from music altogether amid rumours of a drug-induced breakdown. The Pink Floyd and Syd Barrett Story has contributions from Humble Pie drummer Jerry Shirley (who played on Syd Barrett\'s two solo albums The Madcap Laughs and [[Barrett , bassist Jack Monck who played at Syd\'s last ever public concert in 1972 at the Cambridge Corn Exchange, producer Joe Boyd who produced "Arnold Layne", photographer Mick Rock who photographed Barrett for The Madcap Laughs cover, and artist Duggie Fields who shared an apartment in London\'s Earls Court with Barrett in 1968 and witnessed his changing mental state at close hand. According to his sister, Barrett watched the documentary when it was broadcast on the BBC. He apparently found it "too loud", although he did enjoy seeing Mike Leonard, who he referred to as his "teacher". He also enjoyed hearing "See Emily Play" again.{{cite news}}'] ["The film consists of five long takes set by the ocean. As in a typical Ozu film, the camera never moves, zooms or pans. There is no dialogue or, except for one shot, people at all. * First shot: A close-up of a section of beach. * Second shot: A seaside boardwalk, with people walking past. * Third shot: The same beach, taken from above. * Fourth shot: A short interlude, with ducks. * Fifth shot: A black screen that is revealed to be water at night when the moon's reflection appears."] ['{{Plot|dateThe Experiential StrandThe Interview Strand The Interview Strand consists of an interview between Belarmino Fragoso and Baptista-Bastos, a journalist, writer, and at that time, film critic. We see Belarmino in a medium shot against a white background and only hear Baptista-Bastos’s voice as he asks the questions. At the start of the film, Belarmino gives a garbled explanation of a scam in which the ex-boxer’s brother fought under Belarmino’s name in London and lost. Belarmino was then, he tells us, contracted by Jack Solomon, whom he describes as "um dos maiores empresários mundiais". Solomon had an iron grip on British boxing promotion in the 1950s, but this had waned considerably by the early 1960s. In any case, in view of the match’s outcome, it seems that Belarmino was contracted to be a punchbag, not to be a contender. With little or no preparation Belarmino travels to London to fight a second-rate boxer referred to as Vic Andeeti in the interview, but whose actual name is Andretti , by whom he is routed within a couple of rounds. Berlarmino explains this away with accusations of unsportsmanlike conduct on Andretti’s part and of connivance in his defeat on the part of the referee. The ex-boxer then discusses his home life, the fact that his elderly mother still has to work to support herself and that he had to leave home at seventeen. Fragoso then tells the story of his immediate family, his loyal wife to whom he claims devotion, his first daughter who he had to give up for adoption and his second who almost went blind through meningitis. Belarmino goes on to recount how he started to box. In his account he was a natural champion from the start, though he does touch upon the hardships that kept him boxing when he was reluctant to do so. Here snippets of an interview with Albano Martins, the ex-boxer’s former manager, are cross-cut with Belarmino’s account. This is the only outside view of the ex-boxer we are given, aside from a few rumours that Baptista-Bastos relates as part of a question about the ex-boxer’s current habits. Martins paints a more prosaic picture of the start to Belarmino’s career, suggesting it did not have such a glorious beginning and that the main quality that impressed him in Belarmino was his capacity to take punishment in the ring. Belarmino then criticises Albano Martins for exploiting him and there is a cut to Martins countering this with accusations of indiscipline on the ex-boxer’s part and a defence of managers in general. This sets the pattern for the debate-like format adopted in this section of the film. We see the antagonistic interdependence between these two types of people involved in a sort of boss-worker relationship. Belarmino intimates that because of his illiteracy and his innumeracy he was often cheated or defrauded of his match purse. He reveals that he now has no job, but makes ends meet through biscatezinhos, his occasional work as a photo-colourist and loans from friends. He says that sometimes he goes hungry, but brushes this off saying: "muitas vezes quero jantar, não tenho, muitas vezes quero almoçar, não tenho, mas não quer dizer que seja fome. É um estado de fraqueza assim razoável." This is an assertion that is both comic and tragic in equal measure. Returning to the subject of his wife, Belarmino reaffirms his love for her but admits to having aventuras with more than a hint of pride. He then talks of his last professional fight in Portugal against a boxer called Sotta, one of his closest rivals. Belarmino won by a knockout, but earned a pittance for his trouble. We return to Albano Martins, who tells us of Belarmino’s indiscipline, of his going out on the town the night before the fight against Sotta and having to undergo a drastic weight-loss regime on the day of the weigh-in to make the grade. Martins claims Belarmino "podia ser grande", but cites his lack of discipline as the main reason behind his ultimate failure. Belarmino then recounts with evident pride how he managed to be champion of Portugal, despite the hunger and hardships he had to face, and underlines the fact that he was continually cheated due to his illiteracy and innumeracy. A boxing match is arranged against Toni Alonso, purely for the purposes of the film. This is the first time Belarmino has fought for years, though we are not told this explicitly. Prior to the bout, Belarmino explains that he doesn’t fear losing when he fights, as winning or losing are just the two sides of the sportsman’s lot. Rather he fears to "fazer má figura", to perform in such a way that he feels ashamed of himself. He then goes on to criticise Portuguese boxing for being infested with leeches and hangers-on, impresarios who creamed money off the sport without constructing or contributing. From the tenor of the conversation it would seem that, for some years, there has not been professional boxing in Portugal. When asked whether he would still be able to fight at a competitive level, Belarmino demurs and discusses the conditions a boxer needs to perform to the best of his ability: good sustenance and the freedom to train and concentrate on the match. The implication is that these are absent from his own life. After the bout against Toni Alonso, interspersed with the nightclub scenes, Belarmino tells of his relations with women, which he dismisses as being of little consequence, and shrugs off various accusations of immorality. He claims that he only started frequenting cabarets like the Ritz Clube after the end of his professional career in Portugal and mentions his desire to emigrate in order to revive his career, a possibility that seems scant. Shown in a long shot that reveals the set upon which the interview is taking place, we hear Baptista-Bastos ask Belarmino what he expects the audience’s perception of him to be. Then we return to the medium shot used hitherto. Belarmino lays out his plans for the future. He says that he will become a trainer and a maker of champions "se tiver vida e saúde. Assim a vida mo permita". The last part of this wishful thinking is heard over a high-angled long shot taken through the blurred wrought-iron bars of a balcony. There is a slow rack focus that reverses the blurriness of the balustrade and the clarity of the street, leaving Belarmino indistinct in the midst of the mass of passers-by and brings the enclosing bars into focus.'] ["Flag Wars is a look inside the conflicts that surface when black working-class families are faced with an influx of white gay homebuyers to their Columbus, Ohio neighborhood. Filmed over four years, Flag Wars’ “as-it-is-happening” cinéma vérité style captures the emotions and honesty of unguarded moments as tensions mount between neighbors. The story begins with Nina, a lesbian real estate agent who lives and works in the neighborhood and is at the center of the changes taking place. The changes include having areas of the neighborhood designated a Historic District , an increase in code enforcement complaints, and efforts to reduce low-income housing in the community. Code enforcement is complaint driven and neighborhood resident Linda Mitchell believes the new residents moving in on her block are responsible for the code and zoning citations that have landed her in Judge Pfeiffer's Environmental Court. Linda suffers from cirrhosis of the liver and lives on disability insurance. She refuses to address the zoning violations and her limited resources prevent her from making repairs to her home. This puts her in jeopardy of arrest. Baba, a Yoruba priest and plumber, is the founder of the community gallery in the neighborhood, which occupies the bottom two floors of his three-story house. The name and address sign that he hangs above his porch is now in violation of Historic Code because it is carved in an African-relief style. Baba is also prosecuted in court before Judge Pfeiffer and faces fines and possible arrest for refusing to remove his sign. Jim, a working-class gay man, works two jobs to buy a boarded up Victorian house in Olde Towne East. He risks his financial future when he purchases and begins renovations on the house using credit cards."] ['Moseka, a young woman from Zaire, travels to Europe to study. With her braided hair and traditional clothes, she is the laughingstock of her fellow students who strive to look European, adopting wigs and European clothing. The film tells of the depersonalization of young Africans when they enter into contact with the European culture. In this sense, the film fits into the "authenticity policy" of Mobutu.<ref nameLe cinéma du congo Démocratique | author2008 | isbnhttp://books.google.ca/books?idPA40&dqen&sa-jBeT_3NO-jm0QHmt5SECg&vedonepage&qfalse | chapter37-40|language12 March 2012}}'] [" The film features interviews with sex reassignment surgeon Dr. Leo Wollman and various transsexuals. Between the interviews, there are re-enactments or dramatizations of the interviewees' experiences, such as one woman who didn't wait long enough after surgery before she took a man home, and her new vagina started to bleed because it hadn't been given enough time to heal after the surgery. The film was released on DVD in 2006."] ['The documentary starts with Steinbauer\'s obsession with a widely circulated viral video featuring outtakes from an RV commercial shoot, centered around a cantankerous pitchman who regularly becomes outraged and flustered, cursing in colorful mannerisms. Steinbauer researches the video, and discovers that it had been circulating on VHS long before it appeared on the Internet. With the help of a private detective, Steinbauer ultimately tracks down the infamous "Winnebago Man": Jack Rebney. Steinbauer visits Rebney at his home in a remote mountain area in California. Steinbauer is surprised to find Rebney to be calm, congenial, and articulate — in contrast to the angry, profane man on the famous video. Rebney claims to be indifferent about the video and its popularity on the Internet. Steinbauer returns home disappointed. But soon, Rebney begins contacting Steinbauer, and admits that he had not been candid in their first encounter. He reveals that he has long been angry about the video and its notoriety because he does not want to be remembered that way. Steinbauer learns that Rebney was once a news broadcaster who left the industry embittered by the decline in real news and the rise of opinion-based news and punditry; additionally, Rebney reveals that he now has strong political opinions that he wants to share. Rebney invites Steinbauer for a second visit, but before this takes place, local papers report that Rebney had gone missing for a time while taking a walk. When Steinbauer makes his second visit to Rebney\'s home, a now openly cantankerous Rebney explains that he is now blind. Rebney gives a series of often profane, but articulate, interviews to Steinbauer. He refuses to discuss personal matters, but instead wants to make political speeches about subjects that make him angry, such as Dick Cheney and Walmart. Eventually, Steinbauer convinces Rebney to attend the Found Footage Festival in San Francisco. There, fans have lined up for a sold-out screening of the original video featuring Rebney. The fans describe Rebney\'s positive impact on them. During the screening, the Festival organizers invite Rebney onstage as a special guest, where he wittily engages the audience. After the screening, Rebney meets several fans who request autographs and express to him how viewing the old footage cheers them up after a hard day. Later that night, Rebney muses to an old friend that his fans are more intelligent than he anticipated. The next day, the filmmakers and Rebney\'s friend drive him back home. There, Rebney\'s friend tells him, "You made a lot of people happy this weekend." Rebney replies by acknowledging that he takes some small degree of pride in how, for many people, he represents the human condition in the face of adversity.'] ["The film starts with an aerial image of a boy rowing a boat on the Ottawa River. The movement then freezes and view slowly zooms out, revealing more of the landscape all the time. The continuous zoom-out takes the viewer on a journey from Earth, past the Moon, the planets of the Solar System, the Milky Way and out into the far reaches of the known universe. The process is then reversed, and the view zooms back through space to Earth, returning to the boy on the boat. It then zooms in to the back of the boy's hand, where a mosquito is resting. It zooms into the insect's proboscis and on into the microscopic world, concluding at nucleolus level. It then zooms back out to the original view of the boy on the boat."] ['  Filmmakers James Hanlon and the Naudet brothers were originally filming Tony Benetatos, a probationary firefighter of the New York City Fire Department assigned to the Engine 7/Ladder 1/Battalion 1 Firehouse on Duane Street in Lower Manhattan with the intention of making a film about the "probie\'s" first experience as a firefighter. On the morning of September 11, the firehouse, under the direction of Battalion Chief Joseph Pfeifer, was called out on a reported "odor of gas" at Church and Lispenard Streets. Jules rode with the Chief Pfeifer, to check it out, while Gedeon stayed behind at the firehouse with the "probie". When American Airlines Flight 11 flew by overhead, Jules turned the camera to follow the plane and taped one of only three known recordings of the first plane hitting the North Tower  of the World Trade Center, the others being a video shot by Pavel Hlava and a sequence of still frames taken by Wolfgang Staehle. The firefighters and their companies in the 1st Battalion, under the direction of Chief Pfeifer who were investigating the gas leak were the first responders on the scene and Jules was allowed to follow the chief during the attempted rescue operation. Jules, Chief Pfeifer and several other FDNY Chiefs were inside the lobby of Tower 1 when Tower 2 is hit by the second aircraft and when Tower 2 eventually collapsed . The film gives various firemen\'s accounts of the events of the remainder of the day, from the initial crash to the building\'s collapse to the attempts to rescue survivors from the rubble, as well as the aftermath of the events, and those who were lost, including Chief Pfeifer\'s brother, Engine 33 Lieutenant Kevin Pfeifer.'] ['The film follows Clash on his early years in Baltimore, Maryland, how he came to meet Kermit Love and Jim Henson, and the phenomenon of Elmo.'] [' Beavis and Butt-head introduce the film by explaining 3D technology. The opening sequence features the cast lining up and then being attacked by various objects in slow-motion. The opening sequence, as well as many of the stunts, were filmed with Phantom high speed cameras which shoot at 1,000 frames per second. Jackass 3D follows the same premise as the past movies and the television series. It is a compilation of various pranks, stunts and skits, and has no plot. Some of the stunts featured included tether ball being played with a beehive filled with Africanized bees, a tooth being pulled out with a Lamborghini, using super mighty glue to take off chest hair and much more. The final stunt includes Steve-O being launched in the air while inside a portable toilet  filled with excrement. The closing skit is done in a similar fashion as the introduction, but uses explosions as objects are thrown at the cast to the tune of Tchaikovsky\'s 1812 Overture. After the explosions are finished, the cast members are flushed away by a wave pool. As in the past two Jackass films, comedian Rip Taylor makes an appearance before the credits roll, celebrating the end of the film in overly dramatic fashion. As the ending credits play, a retrospective is shown with clips from the original show along with old photographs of cast and crew set to Weezer\'s "Memories", the film\'s single. Knoxville\'s daughter, Madison, is also seen in the ending credits, joining in on the prank fun.'] ['In the beginning of the film, a brief overview of the history of the marathon is shown, with footage of dramatic races involving Dorando Pietri, Abebe Bikila and Rod Dixon. Notable marathoners such as Frank Shorter, Dick Beardsley, Alberto Salazar, Grete Waitz, Paula Radcliffe, and Joan Benoit-Samuelson provide commentary about the sport. The focus is then on the six featured runners and their training for the 2005 Chicago Marathon. American Deena Kastor and Kenyan Daniel Njenga are both elite runners, and are determined to win the race. Kastor was the bronze medalist at the 2004 Olympic Marathon, but has yet to win a marathon. Njenga had finished second multiple times in previous Chicago Marathons. Kastor is shown training and recovering from an injury in Mammoth Lakes, California, while Njenga\'s life as a sponsored runner in Tokyo is profiled. The rest of the runners featured live in Chicago. Ryan Bradley and Lori O\'Connor are both married young professionals; Bradley is a veteran marathoner who hopes to earn a qualifying time for the Boston Marathon, and O\'Connor is running her first marathon. She finds it humorous when colleagues ask if she expects to win. Jerry Meyers is a jovial 70-year-old who claims to run marathons for the t-shirt. Leah Caille is a new runner that took up the sport to help recover from an emotional divorce. While preparing for the race, Bradley suffers a knee injury and is unable to compete. He is clearly upset by this, and takes out his frustration by going for a long bike ride. O\'Connor and Caille go through the new experience of the long training sessions necessary for a marathoner. Meyers lends his veteran knowledge while leading slower training runs with his daughter, who is running her first marathon. All of the long and dedicated training culminates on the day of the marathon. There are panoramic shots of the city that display the mass numbers of race participants and spectators. Njenga runs with the lead pack, but once again falls short in third place. Kastor has a lead for most of the race, but is challenged by Romanian Constantina Diţă-Tomescu at the very end of the race. In a dramatic finish, Kastor is able to fend off Diţă-Tomescu for the victory. Bradley cheers his wife, Colleen, as she races to a 3:51:54 finish, while O\'Connor seems to have a smooth race, and enjoys seeing friends in the crowd. Caille struggles with IT Band Syndrome, but eventually has a successful finish, crossing the line in 5:01:15. Meyers wears his favorite "Kansas" shirt and enjoys his race, finishing in 5:59:39.'] ['An unnamed man, simply called "The Man"  is trapped in a cubical white room where anyone else can enter and leave, but which he himself apparently cannot leave. A stool is brought in covered in strawberry jam, the furniture changes throughout the play. The main character, is subjected to an increasingly puzzling and frustrating series of encounters, as a variety of people come through various hidden doors. But, as many remind him, he can only leave through his own door, so he must find it to leave. He received various contradictory information and his character is often mocked or made to appear foolish through trickery. A priest gives him an orb which is supposed to hold the meaning of life but only makes a grinding noise, the man smashed it to find inexplicably it is made of strawberry jam inside. Eventually a gun is left in the room and the man attempts to shoot himself and ink squirts onto his face. All the people he had encountered enter and laugh at him. Enraged he tells them he\'s had enough and that no matter what happens he know  real. The man then leaves the room and is escorted into an office where he laments on the revelation of his own realness. He accidentally cuts himself with a knife while demonstrating and is asked to taste his blood. He does so and reveals his blood is "strawberry jam" the office fades away to reveal the man still trapped in the cube.'] ["The film is about Beijing-based author and scuba instructor Steven Schwankert's search for the British submarine HMS Poseidon. Schwankert was looking for interesting wrecks to dive in northern China when he found HMS Poseidon on a list of unexplored dive sites. He spent the next six years working on the project, bringing together research in China and the UK to piece together the history of the submarine. HMS Poseidon collided with a cargo ship off the coast of China on June 9th, 1931. Thirty-one of the submarine's crew managed to scramble into the water before the submarine sank to the seabed 130 ft  below. But 25 were trapped inside. The submarine hit the headlines within hours because five men managed to escape from the submarine using the new David Submerged Escape Apparatus. They were the first people to escape from a downed submarine using pro to-scuba devices. The film charts Schwankert's efforts to examine the escape and the accident in unprecedented depth. It also follows him as he uncovers the secret salvaging of the submarine in 1972 by one of China's new salvage teams."] ['The film opens at an emergency telephone exchange, which receives a request for an ambulance once every 3½ minutes. A call is placed about a road traffic accident on Shoreditch Road. An ambulance is dispatched to the scene of the incident. A series of scenes illustrate careless behaviour that could lead to road accidents. This includes a boy running out into the road in front of a car, a drunk man behind the wheel who nearly knocks over a pedestrian, and a cyclist with faulty brakes who runs into the back of a lorry. Two further stories are shown. Mr Smith is driving to work along a familiar route, cutting corners to save time. On one morning, he almost has a collision with a lorry when going around a bend. Miss Jones is a pedestrian who pays little attention to oncoming traffic, assuming that vehicles will always stop to allow her to cross. One day, she is fatally hit by a driver whose brakes are faulty. A man is shown leaving a cinema in which he has been watching the road safety film. He has paid little attention to the film, assuming that "accidents only happen to other people". As the walks out into the road, the screen cuts to a view of a "Get Home Safe and Sound" poster, accompanied by the sound of screeching brakes.'] ["The documentary is the official film biography of Nelson Mandela, the first democratically elected president of the ethnically united South Africa. The film touches on Nelson Mandela's childhood, family, education, and his long struggle to gain freedom for all the various ethnic groups in South Africa, including his experiences on the Robben Island prison."] ["The film comprises four phases or 'turns' following Pythagoras. The turning of the phases occurs in Calabria where Pythagoras had his sect in Crotone. Pythagoras claimed he had lived four lives and this with his notion of metempsychosis is the structure of the film showing one phase and then turning into another phase. A famous anecdote is that Pythagoras heard the cry of his dead friend in the bark of a dog.Diogenes Laërtius, viii. 36 * The first turn is the human realm and is about an old goatherd who is quite sick and who takes medicine from the dust from the church floor in water at night. This phase includes long 8 minute shot of the procession of the villagers culminating in the dog and truck episode so the goats occupy the village. * The second turn is the animal realm and is a study of a young goat, from its birth onwards. * The third turn is the plant realm and is a study of a fir tree. Eventually the tree is chopped down to be displayed in the town square and an evocation of cultural memory. * The fourth turn shows the mineral realm as the tree is made into charcoal for the townspeople's fires. This phase, as charcoal is not a mineral in any modern definitions, points to a remembering of bio-cultural processes. The fire and smoke point to carbon at the heart of the homes in the village delivered by the truck evoking human reason as the final understanding of the interaction of these turns and the true place of the human in the scheme of things."] ['A search, a journey, a life’s dream fulfilled. Seventy-seven-year-old Holocaust survivor Alice Zuckerman never gave up hope she would find her family, lost after the Second World War. When scribbled notes on torn paper reveal clues to her past, Alice and her family reunite. Alice takes us on a moving journey through old Eastern Europe, a world that seemingly disappeared through Nazism and communism. Yet the world of Alice’s childhood remains vital in the hearts of the people she meets along the way. Time Apart: A History of Hope is a story that proves, as Alice Zuckerman says, "Hope is the last thing to die." The documentary runs 43 minutes, and is produced by Willow Productions'] ['The story revolves around a young and beautiful Indian princess, who sets out on a voyage in search of her husband whom she got married to as a child.Amidst the extravaganzas of the most luxurious ship in the world, she goes through the most personal and transformative changes of body, mind and soul. An enigmatic fellow passenger – the god of good looks and the ‘Kamasutra’ master- introduces her to the forbidden world of sexual love and sensuality. The ship becomes the stage for many a dramatic moments. A mystery unfolds, that changes their lives for ever. Will love triumph over all odds? Or will it be destiny?'] ['In the mid-1940s, a tenant farmer named Gonzalo Mendez moved his family to the predominantly white Westminster district in Orange County and his children were denied admission to the public school on Seventeenth Street. The Mendez family move was prompted by the opportunity to lease a {{convert}} farm in Westminster from the Munemitsus, a Japanese family who had been relocated to a Japanese internment camp during World War II. The income the Mendez family earned from the farm enabled them to hire attorney David Marcus and pursue litigation. In 1945, the plaintiffs of Mendez, Palomino, Estrada, Guzman and Ramirez filed a class action lawsuit on behalf of 5,000 Mexican American children to integrate the schools in four Orange County school districts: Westminster, El Modena, Santa Ana, and Garden Grove.'] ['The film follows real-life animal tracker Ivan Marx as he attempts to capture the legendary Bigfoot on film. His search takes him across the United States, culminating in him finally filming Bigfoot near a river. Throughout the film, Marx relates many stories about both Bigfoot and his own life as a tracker. {{Expand section}}'] ["Georges Méliès walks onto a stage and brings out his assistant Jeanne d'Alcy. He spreads a newspaper out on the floor and places a chair on top of it. He then has Jeanne sit in the chair and spreads a blanket over her. When he removes the blanket, she has disappeared. He then waves his arms in the air and conjures up a skeleton. He places the blanket over the skeleton and removes it to reveal Jeanne, alive and well."] ['The documentary tells the stories of four Mennonites  living in two different communities. The colonies of El Savinal  and El Capulin are settled in the Mexican state of Chihuahua and look like typical German farming communities of the 19th Century. They were founded by Russian Mennonite Europeans, whose long history of migration took them from Russia to Canada and from there to Mexico—in search of a place where they can freely practice their religion and speak their ancient Plautdietsch language within their large families. The four protagonists are longing for their perfect world in balance between tradition and modernity: The colony of El Savinal lives in isolation and rejects any modern technology, whereas the colony of El Capulin begins to accept innovations such as electricity and cars. The more orthodox members of the community will migrate to the Bolivian rainforest.'] ['The story of Klaus Barbie through World War II and post-war hiding journey in Argentina before being tried in France for crime against humanity.'] ['The film opens with Dr. Research  and the Writer  meeting Father Time  and Mr. Sun  who explain that time started a few billion years ago and that the Sun is a star. Mr. Sun explains that he was worshipped as various gods  until Anaxagoras proclaimed the Sun was a very hot stone and not a god. Logic and reasoning were the beginning of the end of worshiping the Sun as algebra and the astrolabe were used to study the heavens. Dr. Research explains that the Sun is 93 million miles away and its light takes 8 minutes to reach the earth. Light from the next closest star, Alpha Centauri, takes more than 4 years to get to us at a speed greater than 186,000 miles per second. The sun weighs the same as 330,000 earths and is 95% hydrogen and helium gas and not solid. The Sun is compressed by gravity so tightly that the gas at the center is more than 100 times heavier than water with a pressure of one billion tons per square inch while the surface is about one pound per square inch. The center is 30 million degrees Fahrenheit while the surface is only 10,000 degrees, but the corona is 1 million degrees Fahrenheit though nobody knows why, so scientists study the corona during each solar eclipse. Dr. George Ellery Hale and Dr. Henri Deslandres both developed the spectroheliograph—independently—to study the Sun in different wavelengths of light related to specific atoms. Dr. Robert R. McMath of the McMath–Hulbert Observatory used a spectroheliograph to make time-lapse films of the prominences on the Sun. Using pictures from the Mount Wilson Observatory, and others, scientists have learned about sunspots first described by Galileo. Sunspots often appear in pairs and are about 7,000 degrees rather than the normal 10,000 degrees. The spots increase and decrease in a cycle of about 11.2 years. Studying sunspots has shown the equator rotates faster than the poles at around 25 and 1/3 days per rotation. Halfway between the equator and the poles takes about 27 and 1/2 days per rotation though nobody understands why.  Dr. Bernard Lyot developed the first coronagraph to study the Sun\'s corona. Improved coronagraphs are used at the High Altitude Observatory by Dr. Walter Roberts and at the Evans Solar Facility by Dr. J. W. Evans. Dr. Donald H. Menzel was the first to use the coronagraph in America. These coronagraphs are used to film structures on the Sun called prominences and spicules which show matter flowing on the surface in structures many times the size of the earth. Often matter appears from nowhere to flow down into a sunspot which is sometimes referred to as coronal rain. The largest recorded prominence was captured at the High Altitude Observatory in Colorado on June 4, 1946 as it left the Sun at 400,000 miles per hour. The Sun is also studied in radio frequencies using radio astronomy. Dr. E. G. Bowen helped pioneer radio astronomy which showed that many places in outer space emit radio waves. When solar flares erupt from sunspots they emit ultraviolet radiation, which reach the earth in 8 minutes, and electrified fragments of atoms which take around 30 hours. These fragments of atoms are diverted by the earth\'s magnetic field, towards the North and South poles which causes the Aurora. Dr. C. W. Gartlein of Cornell University took some of the first motion pictures of the Aurora Borealis. These solar flares cause disruption in electricity and radio communications because of disturbances of the ionosphere. Because of this, the Sun is monitored from 22 stations around the world which send data to the Radio Storm Warning Service of the National Bureau of Standards to determine when a solar storm will reach the Earth. The earth receives one billion dollars of solar energy from the Sun every second when the rate is $0.02 per kilowatt-hour. The earth receives only one two-billionth of the total energy output by the Sun, which is about 500,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 horsepower. The Sun generates this energy through thermonuclear reactions roughly equal to 10,000 hydrogen bombs going off every second and has been doing so for the last 4 billion years. Dr. Hans Bethe, in 1938, was the first to determine this fact. Every second, the sun converts 564 million tons of hydrogen in to 560 million tons of helium with the remaining 4 million tons being converted in to energy in the form of light, heat and radiation. Thermo the Magician enters to explain the carbon cycle whereby hydrogen atoms are converted in to helium atoms by fusion reactions with carbon atoms. At 30 million degrees, one hydrogen and one carbon combine in to nitrogen. Adding two hydrogens to the nitrogen, creates oxygen. The oxygen combines with another hydrogen to create helium and carbon, and in the process, releases energy. Dr. Research then mentions combining two hydrogen atoms directly in to a helium atom in the proton-proton process. Dr. Research continues, telling how science believes the Sun started as a loose cloud of hydrogen gas compressed by gravity and this compression raised the temperature until it reached 30 million degrees and started the thermonuclear reaction. The nuclear reactions expand the Sun and gravity compresses it until the two forces reach a balance. The Sun has only used small portion of its hydrogen and has about 98% of it left which will take about 50 to 100 billion years until its gone and the Sun dies. Science is depending on the Sun for the solution to man\'s two biggest problems, the first problem being food. The population of the earth went from 500 million in 1650 to 2.5 billion in 1950. One out of every twenty human beings that ever existed, is currently alive today. Two out of every three people don\'t have enough to eat which is required for good health and 100 million new humans are born each year becoming a population explosion. Food is grown by the Sun through photosynthesis, which means putting together with light. Ninety-nine percent of all food and fuel is created by the Sun through photosynthesis. Chlorophyll is the molecule responsible for photosynthesis though science isn\'t exactly sire how it works. They believe chlorophyll uses sunlight to combine carbon dioxide molecules with water molecules, along with salts, to create sugars and release oxygen. These sugars form the bulk of a plant including its fruit. Most of these plants are grown in the sea as phytoplankton, which is the food source of zooplankton, which are eaten by fish. All animals survive on food created by the Sun through photosynthesis; either directly by eating plants, or indirectly by eating animals that eat plants. The Sun provided the energy for photosynthesis through its light, which was created at the Sun\'s core. It takes this light 2000 years to make it from the core to the Sun\'s surface and another eight minutes from the Sun\'s surface to the earth. The food problem is being studied by Dr. Hiroshi Tamiya of the Tokugawa Biological Institute in his research on chlorella, an algae consisting of carbohydrates, fats and 50% protein. Chlorella can produce about 10 times the edible material, per unit area, as a typical crop. The second biggest problem man faces is that of fuel. In 1850, the average American used 400 horsepower-hours of fuel. By 1950, the average American used 10,000 horsepower-hours of fuel. It\'s estimated that by 1975 an average American will use 20,000 horsepower-hours of fuel. Solar energy will be a likely solution and research by Dr. Charles Greeley Abbot produced a solar powered engine. The French solar furnace at Mont-Louis is used for high-temperature research of metals. The Indian scientist Dr. S. Bhatnagar experimented with solar ovens for cooking food and Dr. Mária Telkes developed a home that used Solar heating exclusively. Research is being conducted by Dr. Lawrence J. Heidt of MIT using sunlight along with perchloric acid to decompose water into hydrogen and oxygen so that it can be burned to produce energy. The waste product would be water that can be fed back into the system to create a continuous loop powered by solar energy. Dr. E. I. Rabinowitz developed a photogalvanic cell using thiamine and iron salts while working at MIT. Thermocouples and phosphorescent wallpaper are other possible solutions to certain energy needs. Atomic power plants and especially breeder reactors can also provide some energy needs. In the end though, solar power will be the only solution on a long-term scale; otherwise society will have to go back to a muscle-powered existence as it was when humans and animals provided the energy to run things. In a slightly updated version of the film, the "solar battery" is discussed. Based on the work of scientists Daryl Chapin, Calvin Fuller, and Gerald Pearson at Bell Labs, this device can turn sunlight directly into electricity. A cartoon version of Dr. Research dressed as a pastry chef shows how the solar battery can be manufactured by "cooking-up" a wafer of silicon with a boron coating. . The film ends with Dr. Research and Father Time providing an overview. That human curiosity has helped drive scientific achievements and that it\'s important to ask questions of both science and religion.'] ['The documentary follows four professional ten-pin bowlers after the Professional Bowlers Association is purchased by a trio of Microsoft programmers who hire Steve Miller, a Nike marketing guru, to revitalize the sport.'] ["The film version is Jeff Garlin's documentary on the work of John Waters. Waters talks for an hour and a half about different subjects that made him into who he is today while standing on a stage decorated with a pile of trash, some roses, and a confessional. Waters starts off by talking about his earliest negative influences. He then begins talking about directors of the macabre that inspired him on what to do with his films. He then talks about filmmaking experiences on each and every one of his films and tells stories about some of the Dreamlanders. He discusses sexual fetishes, court trials he has visited, how to make books cool again, and more. The last topic he speaks of is his hometown of Baltimore and all the things he has experienced there."] ['The Beat Generation’s Gregory Corso, who despite dire hardship&mdash;infant abandonment, foster homes, living in the streets of Little Italy, a teenage prison term&mdash;became one of four in the inner circle of the Beats, along with Jack Kerouac, Allen Ginsberg, William S. Burroughs... Ethan Hawke takes us on the last odyssey of GREGORY CORSO - the most colorful of the inner circle of “THE BEATS”, who along with KEROUAC, GINSBERG and BURROUGHS, changed world culture and social history. Corso, abandoned as an infant by his Italian mother during the Depression, grew up in foster homes, on the streets of Little Italy and Greenwich Village. Corso’s father told him that his mother had returned to Italy, disgraced, an adulterer and a whore. Corso, at 17, was thrown in maximum security Clinton State Prison for stealing a $50 suit to go on a date. Protected by Mafia inmates, Corso read his way through her three-year sentence and ended up at Harvard, and eventually met Allen Ginsberg at a dyke bar in the Village, and was fused into the nucleus of “The Beats” big bang. After Allen Ginsberg’s death, Corso goes "On the Road" to rediscover his creative Muse. From Paris to Venice, Rome to Athens, Mount Parnassus to Jim Morrison’s grave, Corso reflects on the early days of "Beats." In high humor he reveals how "The Beats" emerged in Europe, and paved the way for youth culture, the sexual revolution and even hip-hop. Corso interrupts his tour to revisit Clinton State Prison and inspire young inmates. Returning to Italy, Corso muses on his lost mother, who he believes is dead and buried in Italy. In a stunning discovery, filmmaker Gustave Reininger finds Corso\'s mother not dead in Italy, but alive in Trenton, N.J. Corso meets his mother on film and discovers she is the Muse he has been seeking. He also discovers that his mother left him to escape the violence and sexual abuse of his father, who lied saying she had returned to Italy. Healing from a life of abandonment, emotional deprivation and abuse, Corso finishes his road trip on the Acropolis in Greece.A revitalized Corso returns to Greenwich Village, only to discover he is dying. He faces his own death with pluck and humor, comforted by Ethan Hawke, Patti Smith and his newfound mother, Michelina.'] ['In 2001, Japanese American painter Jimmy Mirikitani, born Tsutomu Mirikitani, over 80 years old, is living in the streets of lower Manhattan. Filmmaker Linda Hattendorf takes an interest and begins to engage with him to create a documentary of his life. After the destruction of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, the debris- and dust-choked streets are deserted. When Hattendorf finds Mirikitani, in his usual spot along the wall of a Korean Market, near the intersection of MacDougal and Prince Street in Soho, she offers him shelter in her small apartment. During this period, a beautiful and curious friendship flowers, as Ms. Hattendorf begins the long process of re-integrating Mr. Mirikitani back into society, recovering, among other documents, his social security card and passport. Over the months they live together, she uncovers his true identity and history. Ultimately she reunites him with his niece, the poet Janice Mirikitani, and surviving sister and finds him his own apartment in an assisted living facility. Over the course of the film, audiences learn about Mirikitani\'s past, including the injustice experienced by American-born Japanese during the Second World War, his career as an artist, his life among artists, including Jackson Pollack and his years Ms. Hattendorf documents Mirikitani\'s epic journey, from California, to Hiroshima, back to California, to his imprisonment in an internment camp, to his sojourn across the country to Long Island and finally to New York City, where he was employed as a wealthy man\'s cook. When his employer died, Mirikitani became homeless, spending almost a decade in Washington Square Park. Later, he moved to the streets of Soho, where he created an "atelier," on the streets, and worked days and nights on his artwork. Hattendorf\'s highly personal film about justice deferred, loss and redemption has won many awards in the United States and abroad and, in the end, brought both Hattendorf and Mirikitani well-deserved and hard-won regard.  In May 2007 The Cats of Mirikitani aired on the award winning PBS series Independent Lens.'] ['{{POV}} Pretende expose the mechanisms of this catastrophe, demonstrating the dignity and courage of millions of Argentines struggling not to sink into poverty. Fernando E. Solanas directs this film that exposes the certainty that "another world is possible" in the face of globalization. "Follow the looting." Pino Solanas said that nothing has changed since 2003, charged with his documentary "Memory of Plunder" the plundering of resources by multinational corporations with the complicity of the national government.{{fact}}'] ["The ball happened to be the one hit by San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds for his record-setting 73rd home run at the end of the 2001 MLB season. When the ball landed in the right-field bleachers at what was then Pac Bell Park , there was a mad scramble for the precious ball, bodies piled up on the walkway above McCovey Cove. Patrick Hayashi, who stood quietly with a sheepish grin on his face as the scrum continued, eventually held the historic ball up for a TV camera to reveal that he had possession of it. MLB and Giants security grabbed Mr. Hayashi and escorted him down to the bowels of the ballpark and authenticated his baseball as the true #73. As Hayashi prepared to be the next Bay Area millionaire, a man named Alex Popov, owner of Smart Alec's restaurant in Berkeley, CA, was complaining loudly that he had caught the ball on the fly and that Patrick had stolen the ball from him at the bottom of the pile. Video footage shot by KNTV news cameraman Josh Keppel did actually show the ball land in Popov's glove, providing the key evidence that led to a trial in San Francisco Superior Court. While the 88-minute film does tell the story from the moment the ball leaves Barry Bonds' bat all the way through the trial and to the dramatic auction where the ball was finally sold to the highest bidder, the film is more of a satire than a serious examination of what actually happened and who ultimately deserved the ball. Inspired by the mockumentary films of Christopher Guest (Waiting for Guffman, [[Best in Show , Up for Grabs focuses on the characters involved rather than the event itself."] ['The Revolution Will Not Be Televised opens in 2001{{#tag:ref|This synopsis describes the 74-minute cut of the film,The Revolution Will Not Be Televised. The 52-minute television version, Chávez: Inside the Coup, begins differently but covers the same points.|group"product">McKay, Alastair . "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised, But The Coup Attempt May Be Sexed Up". Product Magazine : 10. ISSN 1468-9901. with footage of Chávez as he tours the country. Met with "popular enthusiasm", he speaks at rallies, decrying neoliberalism and the international community\'s attacks on his character. Chávez outlines his aspiration to be seen as a modern-day Bolívar.Stoneman , p. 30. Interviews with communities from both sides of the political divide indicate how Chávez is seen by the rich and poor.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 6. the former fear totalitarianism and are worried Chávez will institute communism. In February 2002, the media war intensifies after Chavez takes control of PDVSA.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 7. On 11&nbsp;April, opposition protesters begin their march outside PDVSA\'s headquarters in Caracas; Chávez\'s supporters gather outside the presidential palace. The protest route is changed to take it to the palace; shots ring out and civilians are killed. The private media blames Chávez\'s supporters, citing footage that shows them shooting at opposition protesters from a bridge.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 8. Later, the state television signal is cut; rumors circulate that the opposition has taken over the studio. He is led away, and Carmona announces on television that a transitional government will be established. Carmona is sworn in as president while images play of unrest on the streets. Defying media censorship, Chávez\'s supporters disseminate the story that the president did not resign.Stoneman , p. 31. while palace guards plot to retake the building. The guards take up key positions and, at a prearranged signal, take members of the new government prisoner.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 13. "Full military control" is returned to the Chávez administration and the president arrives at the palace amid celebratory scenes.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 15.'] ["In 480 B.C, during the Greco-Persian Wars the Persian Empire led by Xerxes I of Persia fought the Greek city-states forces at the pass of Thermopylae in central Greece. This battle was to become known as the Battle of Thermopylae. The only thing stopping the Persians, was an army led by King Leonidas I & his 300 Spartans; the greatest soldiers the world has ever known. Vastly outnumbered, the Greek Spartans held up the Persians advance for three days, until they were overrun by Persian forces. The film also focuses on the lead up to the Battle of Thermopylae revealing that the Greeks might have played a part in the Ionian Revolts in Asia Minor in 499 to 493 B.C. It brings its viewers into understanding ancient warfare when the documentary focuses on the naval battle around Thermopylae, strategic & tactical considerations, and the aftermath of the battle which lead to the burning of Athens and Greek victories in battles such as Plataea. It also reveals to those unaware that the Spartans didn't fight alone."] ['The genre of the film is between documentary, drama and comedy. The film begins in Camden Town, London, on a grey day in January 1976. Three friends, Lee Thompson, Chris Foreman and Mike Barson, start to play music together. Along the way their band suffers numerous arguments and changes in their line-up before finding success in the final scene, with a full piece Madness going out to a packed, screaming arena.'] ['The film opens with scenes of birth. Clips are shown of various babies in development and until they are birthed. Next, the film features clips of childhood, then dance and sex. Using footage of a nude woman eating a banana, the film then transitions into clips of food, then starvation, then riots, then death. By transitioning from death processions to ceremonies in general, the focus is again brought to dance. After showing some clips of art and massive groups, the film ends with a woman pregnant in a tub.'] ['The film details the hard-fought mayoral campaign by a young community activist  and City Council member against a 16-year incumbent mayor  with a powerful political machine. The documentary follows Booker and several of his campaign workers from their early days of door-knocking on Newark streets through the campaign\'s dramatic conclusion. Through the course of the film, Booker\'s living conditions, race, ethnicity, religion, sexuality, political affiliations, and his position in Newark are questioned. From 1998 to 2006, Booker lived in Brick Towers, one of the city\'s worst public housing buildings, which some accused to be a tactic for acceptance by his constituents. As the election campaigns escalate, Booker receives endorsements from Spike Lee, Cornel West, and other prominent African American figures. The movie brings to light many issues plaguing minority communities in Newark and reveals how the city government has failed to acknowledge these issues. The film also raises questions of race, and what it means to be "black," as Sharpe James questions Booker\'s African American heritage and roots to his community. Curry captures on film corrupt attempts by Mayor Sharpe James and city employees, including police and "code enforcement," to sabotage Booker\'s campaign, using tactics that include shutting down local businesses that hold Booker fundraisers, demoting city workers who support Booker, and demolishing Booker signs in violation of a standing order by a federal judge, in what becomes a true urban political "street fight." In one memorable scene, city police assault the documentary maker on a public sidewalk for filming the mayor, breaking the microphone off his camera in broad daylight in front of other journalists.'] ['The film consists of archive footage of famous Hollywood stars, mostly home movies showing the stars as themselves instead of playing a role in front of the camera.'] ['Via the portraits of four Slam artists, Nëggus, Luciole, Hocine Ben and Julien Delmaire, the film offers a vision of the diversity of the Slam movement in France and delves deeper into the roots of this oral tradition. By means of evenings open to the public and interviews, it shows us artists that have retaken the French language and made it their own beyond any geographical or social barrier, as well as a renaissance of poetry and writing.'] ['The film starts with Melia Zreiq, an old woman from Eilaboun, saying: "I hope God will bring peace to this land, and let the peoples live together - a good life. I hope there will be peace". Historian Ilan Pappe talks about Plan Dalet, a plan that David Ben-Gurion and the Haganah leaders in Palestine worked out during autumn 1947 to spring 1948. Pappe discusses the details of the plan, and how was it carried out. On October 30, 1948, the Israeli army entered Eilaboun at approximately 5 AM. They then forced the villagers together in the main square of the village. They chose seventeen young men. Five of them were taken as human shield, and the rest of the twelve were killed, each in a different location. This all happened after the expulsion of the rest of the village to Lebanon, where they became refugees after a five days forced march to Lebanon. After a United Nations peace keeper observed and reported Israel was forced to allow the people back.The official Website'] ['The film follows former dolphin trainer and former Sea Shepherd activist Ric O\'Barry\'s quest to document the dolphin hunting operations in Taiji, Wakayama, Japan. In the 1960s, O\'Barry helped capture and train the five wild dolphins who shared the role of "Flipper" in the hit television series of the same name. The show, a pop-culture phenomenon, fueled widespread public adoration of dolphins, influencing the development of marine parks that included dolphins in their attractions. After one of the dolphins, in O\'Barry\'s opinion, committed a form of suicide in his arms by closing her blowhole voluntarily in order to suffocate, O\'Barry came to see the dolphin\'s captivity as a curse, not a blessing. Days later, he was arrested off the island of Bimini, attempting to cut a hole in the sea pen in order to set free a captured dolphin.{{cite web}} Since then, according to the film, O\'Barry has dedicated himself full-time as an advocate on behalf of dolphins around the world. After meeting with O\'Barry, Psihoyos and his crew travel to Taiji, Japan, a town that appears to be devoted to the wonder of the dolphins and whales that swim off its coast. In a nearby, isolated cove, however, surrounded by wire fences and "Keep Out" signs, an activity takes place that the townspeople attempt to hide from the public. In the cove, a group of Taiji fishermen engage in dolphin drive hunting. The film states that the dolphin hunt is, in large part, motivated by the tremendous revenue generated for the town by selling some of the captured dolphins to aquariums and marine parks. The dolphins that are not sold into captivity are then slaughtered in the cove and the meat is sold in supermarkets. According to anecdotal evidence presented in the film, most Japanese are unaware of the hunt or the marketing of dolphin meat. The film states that the dolphin meat contains dangerously high levels of mercury and profiles local politicians who have, for that reason, advocated the removal of dolphin meat from local school lunches. Attempts to view or film the dolphin killing in the cove are physically blocked by local volunteers who treat the visitors with open intimidation, derision, and anger. Foreigners who come to Taiji, including The Cove\'s film crew, are shadowed and questioned by local police. In response, together with the Oceanic Preservation Society, Psihoyos, O\'Barry, and the crew utilize special tactics and technology to covertly film what is taking place in the cove.{{cite web}} The film also reports on the alleged "buying" by Japan of votes in the International Whaling Commission. The film indicates that while Dominica has withdrawn from the IWC, Japan has recruited the following nations to its whaling agenda: Cambodia, Ecuador, Eritrea, Guinea-Bissau, Kiribati, Laos, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands. This is not entirely accurate, however, as Ecuador has been a strong opponent of whaling.{{cite web}} At the end of the film, O\'Barry marches into a meeting of the Commission carrying a TV showing footage of the Taiji dolphin slaughter. O\'Barry walks around the crowded meeting room displaying the images until he is escorted from the room. Geographical location of some of the filming and killing of the dolphins is here: Map'] ['Several servicemen relax by playing pool at their base. One later visits a sex worker and contracts syphilis. As a result of his unfortunate experience, there is an opportunity for sexual health information about syphilis, how it is spread and how its spread can be prevented.'] ['Sentinels of Silence provides an 18-minute helicopter-based aerial visit across the archeological ruins in Mexico including Teotihuacan, Monte Alban, Mitla, Tulum, Palenque, Chichen Itza and Uxmal. The film’s narration details pre-Columbian Mayan culture, focusing on its achievements in mathematics and astronomy, and then questions how and why the Mayan society seemed to disappear, leaving behind its structures as the eponymous silent sentinels.Learning Resources Division of Valley College'] ['The Complete Truth About De-Evolution contains almost all of Devo\'s music video output from 1976 to 1990. The DVD does not include two notable music videos: the first is "Doctor Detroit," the theme to the movie Doctor Detroit; the second is the Jimi Hendrix cover "Are U Experienced?," which was removed due to protests from the Hendrix estate. The films are presented in roughly chronological order and are interspersed with clips from a promotional film Devo made with Pioneer in the 1980s to promote the Laserdisc format. The DVD also includes many bonus features such as a commentary track by band members Mark Mothersbaugh and Gerald V. Casale, an interview with Chuck Statler , live footage from early Devo performances, photo galleries and more. None of the live material from "The Men Who Make The Music" is included, nor is most of the storyline from "We\'re All Devo!"'] ["The documentary follows the events that took place during Operation Leviathan in early 2007. The RV Farley Mowat, captained by Paul Watson and and the newly acquired MY Robert Hunter, captained by Alex Cornelissen meet in the Southern Ocean. As they are docked side to side, material is transferred from the Farley Mowat to the Robert Hunter to build a new helicopter deck. After some time the Robert Hunter is able to find the Nisshin Maru and engages it. In the course, one of the Sea Shepherd's small boats with two men on board gets lost. Both Sea Shepherd vessels must abandon the Nisshin Maru, which later takes part in the search for them. Finally after 9 hours, they are able to locate them and they are saved. Having lost the Nisshin Maru, the Rober Hunter later finds the Kaiko Maru, a spotter vessel for the Japanese whaling fleet. They engage the ship and during maneuvering through an ice field collide with each other, damaging both ships. As the Farley Mowat approaches, the Japanese vessel calls out a Mayday, stopping the Sea Shepherds from further engagement. As the film ends, we find out that there was a fire on the Nisshin Maru, killing one worker and ending the whaling season early due to damage to the ship."] ['The frame story is narrated by a white father ([[Claude King , who has recently returned from India, to his son ([[Douglas Scott . He explains that man\'s closest relative in nature is the orangutan, which translates literally as "man of the forest." He then tells the story of Ali and his son Bin, natives of Sumatra, who hunt in a jungle village. Ali wants to shoot a marauding tiger, but the orangutans Tua and his baby Rango get in the way, and Rango is almost grabbed by the tiger. While Ali prepares a tiger trap, the orangutans enter Ali\'s hut and feast on the stored goods. Dozens of orangutans join them, ransacking the hut. When Ali and Bin return to discover the havoc, Ali captures Rango and puts him on a chain. Later, Ali saves Tua from a black panther. In the night, a tiger enters the camp, and Rango warns Bin in time for him to shoot and scare the tiger away. At dawn, Tua comes for Rango and eats in the hut, while Bin tends the water buffaloes. After the tiger kills a deer, the orangutans scream warnings to each other and flee. Two male tigers approach and chase Bin, Rango and Tua. When Bin is cornered by a tiger, Rango comes to the rescue. The tiger kills Rango, who thus sacrifices his own life for the sake of his human friend, but the water buffalo fights the tiger and kills him. Ali and Bin embrace as Tua waits for Rango, unaware he will never return.'] ['An in-depth two part exploration of the evolution of the private film industry, through the eyes of more than 50 industry professionals. Part one : Artists and professionals from both social and commercial cinema tell the story of the struggle to build a private but Statefunded film industry. Part two : Managers, politicians and professionals talk about the origins of the majors funding institutions and discuss the perverse effects of building a cultural industry on the basis of performance metrics, revenues and private profits.'] ['What\'s the Matter with Kansas? takes viewers to the heart of Middle America, which twice helped elect George W. Bush. The movie shows how Kansas, once home to left-wing movements like the Populist Party, became very conservative in the late 20th century. Abortion is a particularly volatile issue in Kansas, and pro-life activists had long staged protests around Dr. George Tiller\'s abortion clinic, because he was one of the few doctors in the country who performed late-term abortions. The largest of these protests, the Summer of Mercy campaign in 1991, sparked a conservative takeover of the state\'s Republican Party. The movie features a variety of Kansans, most of them conservative, but focuses on three main characters. Angel Dillard is a mother of two, and a Republican activist. We first meet her at the Kansas State Fair, where she is volunteering for the Kansans For Life booth. Brittany Barden is a tireless veteran of several rounds of Republican campaigns. Her mission is to return America to its roots as "a Christian nation". She\'s 18 years old. Donn Teske describes himself as "a red-neck Kansas farmer". He also says corporate greed is "not very Christian". He fights to save his family farm and others like it. Angel and Brittany both attend Terry Fox’s 6,000-member Immanuel Baptist Church in Wichita. Fox thunders from his pulpit denouncements of gay marriage, abortion and liberal politicians. He urges his flock to vote to "preserve Kansas\' conservative movement" on the eve of the midterm elections. In 2006, the winds of change blow through Kansas. Terry Fox’s church forces him to resign. He quickly found a new one -- in an amusement park called Wild West World. Angel follows Fox to his new church, and invests heavily in the park. Wild West World suddenly goes bankrupt, and the owner skips town with everyone’s money. In November, Republicans, even in Kansas, lose heavily in the 2006 midterm elections. There is a question of whether Angel\'s faith - in church and party - will be stretched past its breaking point. Meanwhile, Donn Teske finds that the United States Congress is finally listening to him. He reminds them that family farmers care about the environment and global warming. Despite all their defeats, the Christian Right remains defiant, organized and ready. “We may lose an election or two, but we’ll be back,” says Pastor Fox, speaking to his congregation, gathered at the Wichita Best Western motel.'] ["Shot between 1986 and 1988, Kafi's Story captures Nuba peoples life just before they got involved in the Second Sudanese Civil War. Kafi, a young man from the Torogi village in the Nuba Mountains in Sudan is one of the first men to travel north to the capital Khartoum in search of money. Having money is the only way through to get a dress and to get married to a second wife, Tete. Arthur Howes went back to Sudan ten years later. He has then shot Nuba Conversations where he tries to recapture Nuba peoples life conditions during the war."] ["Veera Telangana is based on struggle of peasants against the exploitative landlords. Yadagiri  is a working under local landlord . That landlord used to harass the people of the village and treat every village as a bonded labour to him. He usurps the properties of the people and amasses huge wealth and commands the entire village. Even he doesn't allow the children to go to school and become literate and makes them to work in his backyard. At this juncture, Andhra Maha Sabha emerges from the Communist Party of India and the leaders gives a call to the people to revolt against the landlord and also against the Nizam. The CPI leaders exhort the people that they need not pay any tax on their land and take away the yield to their homes instead of sending them to the landlord's house. This irks the landlord who complains to the Nizam Nawab that the people are revolting against the government and is avoiding payment of tax. So the Nizam Nawab tells his military commander to crush the movement. The military commander, who was a Muslim, starts killing people mercilessly and in addition to the government military, he prepares a group of private army called Razakars and incites them to kill people, who talk against the Islam religion and the Nizam Nawab. Once a youth takes part in a procession called by Andhra Maha Sabha and succumbs to a bullet injury from the landlord's sister. Landlord orders that nobody should touch the dead body and no one should help in cremating him. But Yadagiri, who was going by that way helps the woman to shift the body for funeral. This irks the landlord and punishes Yadagiri. Not only that, he tries to thrash Yadagiri's mother, which forces Yadagiri to revolt against the landlord and join the Andhra Maha Sabha and takes up a rifle for an armed struggle. How the Nizam's military commander ruthlessly killed people and how the Andhra Maha Sabha's army reacted to the acts? How they took revenge against the killing of their leaders? Answers to all these question form part of the climax.{{cite web}}"] ["The documentary features the events that took place around the first Moscow Pride festival in Russia’s capital from May 25 to May 27 2006. Some focuses of the documentary include the Nordic festival, the Russian gay cultural contest, Merlin Holland’s lecture on his grandfather Oscar Wilde and the International Day Against Homophobia  first World Conference. Moscow Pride '06 also focuses on the troubles around the Kremlin and Moscow City Hall when participants gathered to protest the ban of the Pride march as well as the Tverskoi District Court decision to uphold Mayor Yuri Luzhkov’s decision to ban the march. The movie is left as a vivid testimony and accurate picture of what took place in Moscow for history. The film is not on the internet and not available on DVD. A copy can be obtained from the Russian LGBT Human Rights Project Gayrussia.ru"] ['The beginning of the film starts with DeLeo, Bisson and Surkov driving through Kiev. This is introduced as the beginning of their journey to Pripyat, near the ground zero of Chernobyl. Once they reach the outpost outside the exclusion zone, we see that the area surrounding Pripyat is very deserted and dark. Once in the city, we see Surkov\'s old home, which he explains has been robbed of almost all its belongings due to looters. Yet there are still some mementos in the old apartment, including the wallpaper he and his mother put up, the training bars his father bought for him, an old rubber ball he claims was his favorite and a white horse poster plastered on the wall of his old bedroom. The pain he feels is evident. When he sees an old calendar on a door, he rips a large portion off, claiming "the year ended on April 26th". Outside the door of the apartment, he remarks how he wishes he could stay forever. He throws his old ball through the door and walks out of the apartment complex. The film ends with Surkov snapping some twigs in an old courtyard and then an image of the car they traveled in leaving the exclusion zone.HBO: White Horse - Synopsis | HBO Film-makers attempted to contact Maxym Surkov, the featured interviewee, when the film debuted. They were informed that he had died from a heart attack in February 2008, shortly after the completion of the film. He is survived by his wife and one daughter.Christophe Bisson personal correspondence.'] ['In Hualien, players of Mei Lun Junior High School  football team are preparing for the upcoming National High School Games, which is one of the major youth football competitions in Taiwan. It is the last, and the most important, game in their three years of junior-high-school life. They are eager to win, not only because they are the defending champion, but also they want to devote the title to their beloved coach, Wu Hsiao-yin, as his wedding gift. Things go well in the beginning. They beat every team they encounter and eventually reach the final, in which they meet their major contender, Alian Junior High School  of Kaohsiung County. They make 2-2 at the full time whistle, and lose the game in the penalty shootout. The life keeps going on. After graduation, some players enter National Hualien Senior High School, whereas the others enter Hualien Vocational High School of Agriculture. They meet each other again in a friendly match between the two school teams, but they are now competitors.'] ["The documentary tells Atatürk's life from an objective point of view and tries to give a sympathetic account of a real-life story. The film detaches him from known stereotypes and presents him as a human that has fears, weaknesses, desires and ideals. It is the first film that depicts the private side of the deified leader, who, according to the filmmakers, remained lonely despite being among crowds."] ["The film interweaves stories from teenage girls with provocative interviews from the likes of Condoleezza Rice, Lisa Ling, Nancy Pelosi, Katie Couric, Rachel Maddow, Rosario Dawson, Dr. Jackson Katz, Dr. Jean Kilbourne, and Gloria Steinem to give an inside look at the media and its message. The film’s motto, “You can't be what you can't see,” underscores an implicit message that young women need and want positive role models, and that the media has thus far neglected its unique opportunity to provide them. The film includes a social action campaign to address change in policy, education and call for socially responsible business."] ['Neshoba explores the history and changing racial attitudes of Neshoba County, Mississippi four decades after the murders of James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner during Freedom Summer. The film captures the trial of Edgar Ray Killen, who granted the filmmakers "extraordinary access".\'Neshoba\': Film about activist murders in \'64, review in San Francisco Chronicle, October 16, 2008'] ['The film focuses on Suwikrom "Per" Amaranon, a middle class Thai student in his senior year at Suankularb Wittayalai School in Bangkok, and his three friends, Big Show, Lung and Boat. They are depicted as average students, not especially studious but are still obedient of their parents and are hopeful of their prospects for getting into a university in Thailand. The film follows the boys through one year, from May 2005 to May 2006. Documentarian Soraya Nagasuwan is never heard asking the boys questions, simply letting her camera crew follow the boys through their days at school, at home with their families or enjoying time off school while on a visit to the beach and attending a rock music festival. In order to qualify for admission to a university faculty, students must take standardized tests. In Thailand these tests are the O-Net/A-Net exams. Minimum scores are needed in order to be admitted to certain universities and university faculties. Coincidentally, the February 2006 exams that the boys took were hit with a scandal after the results were incorrectly reported. Approximately 300,000 students were affected by error, with many puzzled over receiving test results when they had not even taken the tests. The boys weather the pressure of taking the exams and the erroneous reporting of the scores, however, and ultimately win their choice of disciplines and universities.'] ["The documentary contains mainly black and white as well as some color archival footage, with narration explaining the influences of alternative belief systems  on the Nazi ideology and Hitler's personal philosophy. It also documents the history and development of ideas and symbols and of the eugenics movement. In the early 20th century, the young Adolf Hitler was just one of many German-speaking people attracted by a new Germanic mythology that combined ancient legends and esoteric cosmologies with cutting-edge theories of genetic science. In the hands of the Nazis, the result was a new ideology that saw racial purity as the key to human destiny. This was a belief-system of arcane rituals and potent symbols, with the ancient swastika appropriated for the Nazi cause. By the time of the Third Reich, Hitler and the Nazis had evolved an entirely new faith, complete with holy book, venerated relics and a priestly elite in the form of Himmler's SS. It was a religion based on obedience, power, and the cult of the leader, with Hitler himself conceived in Messianic terms."] ['The documentary begins with the introduction of Ted Rodrigue, a homeless man living under a bridge in California. He begins by describing an average day of "survival" for him, which consists of collecting cans and bottles for recycling in order to eat, buy cigarettes, and beer for the day. He informs the audience that an average day brings in about $25, while a good day might see as much as $35. Ted reflects on the better days of his life, when his mother  and sisters accepted him. He is shown placing a collect call to his mother, ultimately having the charges denied by his mother. Ted blames his homelessness and lack of family support on their prejudice against him for being homeless and an undesirable childhood. Ted describes his mother as a "bar whore" who often brought strange men home from the bar on the weekends and that at the age of 12, he was given his first beer by his mother at one of her many social gatherings. His ability to "do as he pleases" by not having to answer to any authority figures, keeps him on the streets. Ted informs the filmmakers that he takes a lot of pride in his bicycle and is shown washing it at a car wash, although it has been over three months since he had a "real" shower. Through his recycling, Ted has befriended an 18-year-old Latino male named Michael, who works at the recycling plant. Once the director pulls you into the plight of Ted Rodrigue, the film begins to build its plot showing Ted doing his daily dumpster-dive, collecting cans for the day\'s food, cigarettes and beer when he finds a briefcase amongst the rubbish. Ted stops to brush it off and opens it up slowly and finds that it is stuffed with cash. A note atop the money reads "What would a homeless person do if he were given $100,000?" Shocked and in tears, Ted comes to the realization that he is the recipient of a major amount of American currency. Ted almost immediately buys a new bicycle, rents a motel room and takes his buddy Mike to an amusement park. The word gets out among the homeless community and Ted, who once couldn\'t find a girlfriend due to his poor dental hygiene, now enjoys female companionship in his motel room. As soon as Ted notifies his mother and sisters of his attainment of wealth, they begin to take his calls and his mother invites him to stay with her until he finds his own residence. The family is shown discussing how they are concerned for Ted\'s welfare. A week after finding the money, and having spent over $2,000, Ted is still in the motel and is asked to speak with an advocate for the homeless. The counselor asks Ted what he thinks about having the money, to which Ted replies that he really hasn\'t thought about it much and that he has too much time on his hands now since he no longer has to recycle. Ted makes plans to leave for Sacramento to stay with his mother, but before leaving, he buys Mike a car and promises to fly his lady friend to Sacramento once he gets there and settled, exclaiming as he gets into the van to leave for the airport "bang \'em and leave \'em", referring to his recent activities with the female. The following weeks find Ted frequenting at the local bar, his spending averaging $10,000 a week. He then purchases a $35,000 Dodge Ram and another truck for one of his recently acquired girlfriends, rents an apartment and buys furniture. The filmmakers then request that he meet with a financial planner. Ted meets with him, but firmly announces to him that he has no intentions of working and does not wish to plan ahead as he is only concerned with today. Ted states his belief that the financial planner is only after his money and rips up his card. His sisters repeatedly try to convince Ted to seek employment, although he still believes he is "set for life" By this time, Ted has become resentful to the film producers for giving him the money. The film then ends telling the viewer that, six months after finding the money, Ted refuses to disclose his latest bank balance; however, his sisters fear that it is less than $5,000. On a December 1, 2006 airing of The Oprah Winfrey Show entitled: "Are You Ready For a Windfall?", Ted and the producer of the documentary were on the program to promote the documentary and speak on their account of the experiment. When asked by Oprah how much of the $100,000 he still had, Ted replied "none." Ted also mentioned that he is homeless again, and content with his current circumstances. As of July 2007, Ted is back in Pasadena and working for the same recycling plant shown in the film.'] ['On April 8, 2000, Mark Hogancamp was attacked outside of a bar by five men who beat him nearly to death. After nine days in a coma and forty days in the hospital, Mark was discharged with brain damage that left him little memory of his previous life. Unable to afford therapy, Mark creates his own by building a 1/6-scale World War II-era Belgian town in his yard and populating it with dolls representing himself, his friends, and even his attackers. He calls that town "Marwencol," a portmanteau of the names "Mark," "Wendy" and "Colleen." He rehabilitates his physical wounds by manipulating the small dolls and props &mdash; and his mental ones by having the figures act out various battles and stories. When Mark begins documenting his miniature dramas with his camera, his photos are discovered and published by Esopus magazinehttp://www.esopusmag.com/archivesubright.php?Id3014 Esopus 5 and even shown in a New York art gallery. But having the label of "art" applied to his intensely personal work forces Mark to make a choice between the safety of his fictional town and the real world he\'s avoided since his attack.http://marwencol.com/ Marwencol official website'] ['This short documentary film on the life of Louise Dahl-Wolfe draws upon her art and her personality. The documentary reviews how Dahl-Wolfe "discovered" Lauren Bacall, who at the time was a young actress  and worked as a model. It was Dahl-Wolfe\'s photos of Bacall that film producer Harry Warner saw, and subsequently asked Bacall that she come to Hollywood for a screen test. As a result, Bacall was cast opposite Humphrey Bogart in the film To Have and Have Not . Dahl-Wolfe also photographed: Tallulah Bankhead, Spencer Tracy, Eudora Welty, Paul Robson, Bette Davis, and others.'] ['The Pakistani punkers The Kominas have arrived at the last stop of their first USA tour and are celebrating with tourmates. Also appearing are the author Michael Muhammad Knight , Koroush , Sena  and Marwan . They incite a riot of young hijabi girls at the largest Muslim gathering in North America after Sena takes the stage. The film then travels with The Kominas accompanied by Michael Muhammad Knight, their guru, to Pakistan, where they bring punk to the streets of Lahore and elsewhere in Pakistan. Michael also begins to reconcile his fundamentalist past with the rebel he has now become.'] ['Issa is a traditional weaver in Burkina Faso who loves his trade. However, so as not to lose his clientele and keep on making enough to keep his wife, Issa finds himself forced to sell Western clothes. He buys a mask, ready-to-wear clothing and… makes a fortune. Shot in 1984, a year after Thomas Sankara’s rise to power, the film perfectly illustrates the Chief of State’s motto: “Let’s use products from Burkina Faso!” A political and philosophical tale intended to warn his fellow-citizens.'] ["Young@Heart, a chorus of twenty-two senior citizens with an average age of eighty, is directed by a frequently demanding Bob Cilman. In preparation for a concert in their hometown of Northampton, Massachusetts, they spend two months learning new material ranging from James Brown to the Pointer Sisters to The Clash and Sonic Youth, a task that's daunting for them and frequently frustrating for Cilman. At one point they take a break to visit a nearby low-security prison and entertain the inmates, who literally and figuratively embrace them after they perform. The group's determination to succeed increases with the passing of two of their members in rapid succession, and the concert proves to be a major success with the community."] ['The movie begins by suggesting that friends and political allies of George W. Bush at Fox News Channel tilted the election of 2000 by prematurely declaring Bush the winner. It then suggests the handling of the voting controversy in Florida constituted election fraud. The film then segues into the September 11 attacks. Moore says Bush was informed of the first plane hitting the World Trade Center on his way to an elementary school. Bush is then shown sitting in a Florida classroom with kids. When told that a second plane has hit the World Trade Center and that the nation is "under attack", Bush allows the students to finish their book reading, and Moore notes that he continued reading for nearly seven minutes. Moore then discusses the complex relationships between the U.S. government and the Bush family; and between the bin Laden family, the Saudi Arabian government, and the Taliban, which span over three decades. Moore alleges that the United States government evacuated 24 members of the bin Laden family on a secret flight shortly after the attacks, without subjecting them to any form of interrogation. Moore moves on to examine George W. Bush\'s Air National Guard service record. Moore contends that Bush\'s dry-hole oil well attempts were partially funded by the Saudis and by the bin Laden family through the intermediary of James R. Bath. Moore alleges that these conflicts of interest suggest that the Bush administration is not working for the best interests of Americans. The movie continues by suggesting ulterior motives for the War in Afghanistan, including a natural gas pipeline through Afghanistan to the Indian Ocean. Moore alleges that the Bush administration induced a climate of fear among the American population through the mass media. Moore then describes purported anti-terror efforts, including government infiltration of pacifist groups and other events, and the signing of the USA PATRIOT Act. The documentary then turns to the subject of the Iraq War, comparing the lives of the Iraqis before and after the invasion. The citizens of Iraq are portrayed as living relatively happy lives prior to the country\'s invasion by the U.S. military. The film also takes pains to demonstrate supposed war cheerleading in the U.S. media and general bias of journalists, with quotes from news organizations and embedded journalists. Moore suggests that atrocities will occur in Iraq and shows footage depicting U.S. abuse of prisoners. Later in the film, Lila Lipscomb appears with her family after hearing of the death of her son, Sgt. Michael Pedersen, who was killed on April 2, 2003, in Karbala. Anguished and tearful, she begins to question the purpose of the war. Tying together several themes and points, Moore compliments those serving in the U.S. military. He claims that the lower class of America are always the first to join the Army, so that the people better off do not have to. He states that those valuable troops should not be sent to risk their lives unless it is necessary to defend America. The credits roll while Neil Young\'s "Rockin\' in the Free World" plays. Moore dedicated the film to his friend who was killed in the World Trade Center attacks and to those servicemen and women from Flint, Michigan that have been killed in Iraq. The film is also dedicated to "countless thousands" of civilian victims of war as a result of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.'] ["The film follows the creation of sculptor Hans Pauli Olsen's biggest sculpture so far. We take part in the process when the artist is working in his backyard studio together with his young nude model. We are the fly on the wall, when the artist forgets about the camera and exists only for creating his art with his bare hands. And we experience the contrast between art as subtile, exhibited works in distinguished halls of art and as a simple lump of clay in a dirty garage."] ["The documentary explores all the worlds that have touched Quek, presenting the pieces of including her life as a student in Los Angeles California and London, her native Singapore and in the porn industry. It focuses on her reasons for working in porn, and her relationship with friends and family. The documentary reveals to the viewers that she was gang raped as a student living in London and describes her many complex emotional issues, including signs of depression, self-harm,The Flick Filosopher article by Maryann Johanson and substance abuse. The film also includes footage of a painful conversation in Singapore between Annabel and her mother, who until then didn't know about her daughter's porn career."] ['Landis made three music parts of this film, which are - in fact - music videos of B.B. King\'s songs: "Lucille", "Into the Night" (specially composed by Ira Newborn for movie [[Into the Night  and also for the song "In the Midnight Hour". Videos for "Lucille" and "In the Midnight Hour" are similar and shows B.B. King and his Band  during their performance in one of the 80\'s night\'s clubs. Video made for "Into the Night" took place in television studio and shows B.B. King with Jeff Goldblum. Jeff Okun directed the rest of this film . The movie was made to promotion Into the Night movie and as a tribute to B.B. King\'s life and art.'] ["Morocco receives many emigrants whose ultimate destination is Europe. Some of them, a minority, make their way to Morocco in the hope of finding asylum: People from Côte d'Ivoire, Togo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Palestine and even Iraq who have fled their countries of origin. About a thousand of them hold a political refugee card granted by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Agency . However, having this card does not necessarily make life any easier with Moroccan territory."] ['In Pieces is a posy of images taken over the last ten years that show family moments, reflections on life and death, on disappointments and successes, on aging and exile. This family chronicle becomes the chronicle of a country, of a society, as observed by Hakim Belabbes from inside and outside.'] ['The Providence Effect is a film about Paul Adams III and the inner city Chicago school he founded and brought to prominence. Formerly a public school, Providence St. Mel has become a private school with rigorous educational standards and expectations. The film documents how the school sets and encourages those goals for students.theprovidenceeffect.comhttp://www.psm.k12.il.us/about_us.shtml'] ["How is it possible that the Carthage Cinema Days, one of the oldest cultural manifestations of Africa and the Arab world, can continue shining just as brightly? How do they manage to draw filmmakers, especially from black Africa, as well as producers and distributors? Is it time to radically change the identity of this festival? Khaled Barsaoui's documentary tackles crucial questions about the future of the Festival and the definition of its identity."] ['Deuda is the story of a pursuit the search for the responsible for the televised cry of hunger of Barbara Flores, an eight-year-old Argentine girl. The film focuses on institutional corruption in Buenos Aires, Washington, the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank and general international bureaucratic lack of interest. The film also includes interviews with high ranking IMF officials including Anne Kreuger.'] ["Tango Ya Ba Wendo is the name given to the 40's and 50’s in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, a time when Antoine Kolosoyi, called Wendo, the pioneer of Zairian rumba, triumphed. In 1992, Wendo is almost 70 years old. The old singer and adventurer tells of his life, his mother as a traditional singer, his first job – as a mechanic, his beginning in songs during colonial times, followed by success and then oblivion... And he still keeps on singing."] ['The film is segmented into six major thematic sections: * Inventors The individuals who started creating snowboards * Pioneers The individuals who started riding snowboards before it was a sport * Back Country The individuals who risk their lives riding in non-designated snowboarding areas * Pros The teen and twenty-something professional athletes and Olympians * Adaptors The individuals who have lost limbs or their eyesight but continue to snowboard * Families Interviews the Teters and how snowboarding has influenced their lives The film also has one mini section on Banana George, a 93-year old snowboarder.'] ['The Turkish Passport tells the story of diplomats posted to Turkish embassies and consulates in several European countries, who saved numerous Jews during the Second World War. Whether they pulled them out of camps or took them off trains that were taking them to concentration camps, the diplomats, in the end, ensured that the Jews, who were Turkish citizens, could return to Turkey and thus be saved. Based on the testimonies of witnesses, who traveled to Istanbul to find safety, the Turkish Passport also uses written historical documents and archive footage to tell this story of rescue and bring to light the events of the time. The diplomats didn’t only save the lives of Turkish Jews. They also rescued foreign Jews condemned to a certain death by giving them Turkish Passports. In this dark period of history, their actions lit the candle of hope and allowed these people to travel to Turkey, where they found light. Through interviews conducted with surviving Jews who had boarded the trains traveling from France to Turkey, and talks with the diplomats and their families who saved their lives, the film demonstrates that “as long as good people are ready to act, evil cannot overcome.”'] ['The film loosely follows an English couple that travels to Cave-In-Rock, Illinois, United States to attend the ninth annual Gathering of the Juggalos. The 2008 event is the first Gathering that the couple has attended. While the couple explores the festival grounds, clips from the multiple events occurring are captured, including professional wrestling from Juggalo Championship Wrestling. Interviews about the fan base are conducted with artists Anybody Killa, Ice-T, Afroman, Boondox, Blaze Ya Dead Homie, Three 6 Mafia, Twiztid, and Insane Clown Posse. Concert footage of the interviewed artists as well as the supergroups Psychopathic Rydas and Dark Lotus is included. The film concludes with the English couple getting unofficially married by Insane Clown Posse member Violent J.'] ['In parts of Asia each year, during the seventh lunar month, it is believed that the gates of Hell are opened and all the souls are set free to wander the Earth. At this time, many spirits roam around trying to fulfill their past needs, wants and desires. These are the "hungry ghosts". Numerous religious rituals and folk performances, like street operas, take place during the seventh lunar month to try to appease the spirits. This film captures the seventh-lunar-month rituals in Singapore, a world-class centre of business and culture inhabited by many different immigrants from other Asian countries. While the hungry-ghost rituals originated in China and are still practised throughout South-east Asia in various forms, they are slowly dying out in many countries or may only be performed for several days of the month. Singapore is unique in that the rituals are brought to life throughout the entire seventh lunar month. At the same time, the immigrants in Singapore have brought their own native rituals to the small island nation where the hungry-ghost month still thrives. A Month of Hungry Ghosts captures these rituals and performances throughout an entire seventh lunar month in Singapore.'] ['Buck explores the life of Buck Brannaman from his childhood living with an abusive father to his successful approach to handling and training horses. Brannaman worked on the Robert Redford film The Horse Whisperer as the lead equine consultant. He teaches people to communicate with their horses through leadership and sensitivity, not punishment. The documentary follows Brannaman to several stops on his normal, 40-week-per-year circuit of ranches where he gives clinics on "natural horsemanship". He spends most of the year on the road, apart from his wife and daughters. Along the way, we learn about his childhood including his celebrity as a child performer of rope tricks, the physical abuse that he and his brother endured at the hands of their father, how a football coach helped to free him from his father after seeing welts on Buck\'s back and legs, and life with the Shirleys, his foster parents.'] ['The investigation into Arnold Friedman\'s life started after a federal sting operation when he received a magazine of child pornography from the Netherlands by mail. In searching his Great Neck, New York home, investigators found a collection of child pornography. After learning that Friedman taught children computer classes from his home, local police began to suspect him of abusing his students. In police interviews, some of the children Friedman taught stated Friedman played bizarre sex games with them during their computer classes. Jarecki interviewed some of these children himself; some stated that they had been in the room with other children alleging abuse, and that nothing had happened. The film portrayed police investigative procedures as the genesis of a "witch-hunt" in the Friedmans\' community. The Friedmans took home-videos while Arnold Friedman  awaited trial. They were allowed to stay at home in order to prepare for court. The pictures were not made with publishing in mind, but as a way to record what was happening in their lives. The movie shows much of this footage; family dinners, conversations and arguments. Arnold\'s wife quickly decided that her husband was indeed guilty, and advised him to confess and protect their son. Arnold Friedman pleaded guilty to multiple charges of sodomy and sexual abuse. According to the Friedman family, he confessed in the hopes that his son would be spared prison time. Jesse Friedman later confessed as well, but now claims he did so to avoid being sent to prison for life. He said in mitigation that his father had molested him. Arnold Friedman admitted to molesting two boys, but not those who attended his computer classes. He is also quoted as admitting that, when he was 13, he had sex with his younger brother, Howard, who was eight years old at the time of the abuse; Howard Friedman has said he does not recall this. In addition, Peter Panaro, the lawyer for Jesse Friedman, stated that Jesse had admitted to him that he was sexually assaulted by his father as a child and that "not everything he had said about \'nothing had happened\' was true." Jesse denies telling Panaro this, and states that Panaro told him to plead guilty and blame his father. Although not included in the film, in a 1989 interview with Geraldo Rivera in prison, Jesse said he was sexually abused by his father and apparently confesses to abusing children himself.{{cite episode}} {{Dead link}}'] ['Hajar and Badr are two boys who have grown up on the streets, something that has left them with permanent marks. At the age of ten, Hajar took over for his mother when she died, taking care of his little sister. Badar grew up with his grandfather, a Gnaoui musician who traveled the city streets. They meet at a circus training school, a demanding place that will make them change radically. They start their new lives that necessarily begins with... walking the tightrope.'] ['The film focuses on the prom-obsessed residents of Racine and, in particular, two very different girls and one boy  who are followed in the days and nights leading up to their prom night. The "mega prom" was introduced to Racine almost 50 years ago by the city\'s Rotary Club after an alcohol-related car accident. As a result, the Rotary decided to sponsor a post-prom party for the city\'s high schools as a safe alternative for prom-goers. In the film, the city of Racine is portrayed as a racially mixed population with a similar socio-economic status. The film paints an honest, humorous portrait of this post-industrial Midwestern town and the long and rich history of its one-of-a-kind prom. Some of the students are going to college after graduation; others are headed to the military. We are given an inside look at everything from the students\' selection of gowns to dinner. The celebration begins with a rowdy parade where students are shown riding fire engines, 18-wheelers, and even elephants through the city streets. Prom-goers from seven city high schools converge on one city-wide prom to make red carpet entrances. As the credits roll, we are given an update almost five years later about some of the people featured in the film. Several have not achieved their high school goals. Others have lost contact with their high school sweethearts. One heartfelt scene shows a couple going off to war.'] ['Flamenco is a documentary that includes performances from some of the best flamenco singers, dancers and guitarists. Helped by cinematography by Vittorio Storaro, director Carlos Saura brings with this film the "Light of Flamenco to the World". As a hall fills with performers, a narrator says that flamenco came from Andalucia, a mix of Greek psalms, Mozarabic dirges, Castillian ballads, Jewish laments, Gregorian chants, African rhythms, and Iranian and Romany melodies. The film presents thirteen rhythms of flamenco, each with song, guitar, and dance: the up-tempo bularías, a brooding farruca, an anguished martinete, and a satiric fandango de huelva. There are tangos, a taranta, alegrías, siguiriyas, soleás, a guajira of patrician women, a petenera about a sentence to death, villancicos, and a final rumba. Families present numbers, both festive and fierce. The camera and the other performers are the only audience. This film shows a world of flamenco—singing, dancing and guitarplaying melded into an intense, enclosing and dramatic space. Song, guitar and dance are blended in inventive ways. They are performed sometimes a cappella, extending the guitar playing in subtle and intense "solos" accompanied often by hand-clapping or knuckles rapped on a table. These dancers have learned the technique but they make the flamenco their own. Here we see children dancing with their parents; and grandparents demonstrating that flamenco imbues the spirit with a graceful power that does not age. At the end, we see the form of flamenco symbolically passed through a class of aspiring dancers.'] ['The film opens with Daniel Cormack returning to the area of South London in which he grew up and reflecting on how the influence of that predominantly left-wing environment formed his political views. In spite of being born in 1979 as one of "Thatcher\'s children", the "thought of nailing his colours to the Tory mast" seems "nothing short of horrific".http://redbirdmedia.co.uk/tv/40-documentary/50-new-shootshttp://www.britfilms.com/britishfilms/catalogue/browse/?id6416 Leaving Portcullis House, Daniel concludes that while it would be a "big leap of faith" to ask the Conservatives to pick up the broken pieces of society, the Conservatives he\'s met have at least removed some of his negative preconceptions about the Tories.'] ['The film is set during World War II and centres upon the letters written by Mohandas Gandhi  to Adolf Hitler , and around the relationship of Hitler with his long-term lover Eva Braun , whom he married in his final days in the Berlin bunker in which they died. The film depicts the difference between the ideologies of Gandhi and Hitler and claims the superiority of Gandhism over Nazism.<ref namehttp://www.dearfriendhitlerthefilm.com/synopsis.html | titledearfriendhitlerthefilm.com | accessdate=April 17, 2011}}'] ['A Chadian film director who lives and works in France  returns home upon the death of his mother. He is shocked at the degraded state of the country and the national cinema. Encountering skepticism from his family members about his chosen career, Haroun tries to defend himself by quoting Jean-Luc Godard: "The cinema creates memories." The filmmaker decides to make a film dedicated to his mother entitled Bye Bye Africa but immediately encounters major problems. Cinemas have closed and financing is impossible to secure. The director reunites with an old girlfriend , who was shunned by Chadians who could not distinguish between film and reality after appearing in one of his previous films as an HIV victim. Haroun learns about the destruction of the African cinema from directors in neighboring countries, but also finds Issa Serge Coelo shooting his first film, Daressalam. Things go badly and, convinced that it is impossible to make films in Africa, Haroun departs Chad in despair, leaving his film camera to a young boy who had been assisting him.'] ["The documentary film was shot at the preamble to the football international match of June 30, 2000, between Tibet and Greenland. For the Tibetans in exile this was the first international match after many decades since the former national team had broke up. The film starts from the moment of the first training sessions in Dharamsala in northern India and ends with the last whistle of the match in Kopenhagen, Denmark. The match was won by Greenland with 4-1. The Tibetan Buddhist background of the players is notable in the game mentality of the players who don't show any aggression. This invokes scenes of the trainer. He believes in discipline, hard working and a strong winners mentality."] ["The basic tenet of GhettoPhysics is that the Pimp/Ho game is the fundamental expression of how people interact in the world. But this interaction is so multilayered and can become so complex that it is hard to see the game. However, by looking at the world using the Pimp/Ho dynamic, it becomes very easy to see the manipulations that keep society's Hos forever in debt, disempowered or marching off to war, while society’s Pimps remain rich, powerful, and in control. The film includes interviews with notable entertainers and thinkers such as Dr. Cornel West, Ice-T, Norman Lear, Cynthia McKinney, KRS-One, John Perkins, Byron Katie, Too Short, and William Arntz. It also includes a colorful contingent of street characters, with names such as Fillmore Slim, Candy, Hook da Crook, Loreal, Mac Breed and Lo Da Show. The Pimp/Ho dynamic is not limited to the streets of the inner city ghettos, but extends throughout all aspects of today’s society from government to business, religion and education. Analyzing real world issues such as the global economic crisis, the Gulf oil spill, global ecological threats, healthcare reform and war, GhettoPhysics details the street world and then moves to the classroom and the corporate boardroom to illustrate how the game is being played every day."] ["Afghan Star follows the story of Hameed Sakhizada, Setara Hussainzada, Rafi Naabzada, and Lema Sahar, four contestants appearing in the third season of the Afghan reality show Afghan Star. The show's director and host Daoud Sediqi explains that it provides an opportunity for Afghans to enjoy music again after the Taliban's ban. The contestants become national celebrities with people campaigning for votes which are cast via SMS. The show is popular among ordinary Afghan people and fans vote for their favorite contestants even across ethnic lines. Contestant Setara Hussainzada is the first of the four to be eliminated. During her farewell performance she dances with free body movements without her hijab, as opposed to the more constrained dancing considered socially appropriate. After Daoud Sediqi decides to air the footage, there is outrage in the conservative Muslim community and Setara receives death threats and is evicted from her apartment. She explains that she is open-minded and that she wants other Afghans to be as well. She then returns home to her family. The other female contestant Lema Sahar, a Pashtun, is eliminated in the last round leaving Naabzada and Sakhizada. While one-third of Afghanistan watches, Rafi Naabzada wins the final round, becoming the Afghan Star."] ['  White referred to Empress Dowager Cixi as "China\'s evil spirit... a Manchu concubine...said to have poisoned her own son upon his throne, install her infant nephew as the emperor, killed his mother, and then imprisoned him in 1898". {{clear}}   White\'s impression on the downfall of Qing Dynasty: "...and then it vanished, simply vanished, the Manchu Dynasty disappeared overnight, nothing like that had ever happen in all the history, 2000 years of tradition, the whole structure of the imperial confucianism, political thought, dissolving to dust..." White\'s impression on post-Qing China:"...out of this turbulence, there appeared two types of Asian leaders, arch symbols, the man of gun, and the man of idea, and these two types of gunman and the dreamer, have perplexed all our efforts in Asia for 50 years since, and they still perplexed and haunted all our policy, even today..." White\'s impression on Sun Yat-sen:"...was a man of dream, the dream of China, powerful, free of emperors and foreigners, made him from his youth a revolutionary...Slowly from the early 1920, Sun Yatsen had somehow built a government, a tiny southern foothold at Canton, ringed by hostile warlords. By 1924 the ageing revolutionary had learned, idea and gun must go together...in 1923 he tells the New York Times: We have lost hope of help from America, England, France, the only country that show any sign of helping us in the south is the Soviet government of Russia..." {{clear}}   White on Kuomingtang left wing: "[they] no longer trust their army leader at the front. Borodin is urging: \'Get rid of Chiang Kaishek.\' In four short years, the communist had grown 60,000 members. To hear the left wing Nationalist: \'No revolution is completed, until peasants own their land, and workers their factories.\' Chiang disagreed." {{clear}}   White on Mao\'s peasant revolution: "When Mao left at 1927 with a dozen of his ally, it was as if a ghost had risen from the dead, he was disgusted with Borodin and his Russian documents. He felt the key of revolution in Asia lied in the countryside, not the big city proletariat. Mao\'s idea was simple, turn the hidden peasant\'s anger towards the local gentry, the local rich...Mao transformed the countryside into a total environment of hate, women, children, everyone, not to be afraid to die...by 1932, he controlled a good chunk of Hunan, Jiangxi, claimed the loyalty of 9 million people." {{clear}}   White on the Japanese invasion and Chinese communist: "Day and night the bombs continue, yet Chiang persists. Powerless to strike back, Chiang knows, only the Americans can help...It is about this time 1941, at the height of the bombing, I had my first talk with Chiang Kaishek, about the war with Japan, and strategy. At the end, almost just an afterthought, he said, "remember, Japanese is a disease of the skin, the communists are the disease of the heart." It seems odd to me, because at that time the Japanese were bombing the daylight out of both Chiang Kaishek and the communist, both of them are ally against the Japanese. And now in retrospect, almost a vision of the apocalypse to come." {{clear}}   White on Manchuria after the Japanese surrender: "the Russian hed temporarily occupied Manchuria by the surrender term of Japan. Communist expected to get from Russian surrender Japanese equipment and guns, and hold the countryside before Chiang arrived...Manchuria is the topic of the struggle. Industries Japan had built and left is the greatest pride in China. Chiang\'s American equipped troops seize all major cities, to find a hollow triumph. The Russian occupiers had rooted every factories before withdrawn, rip out shops and stores where great machines once stood." {{clear}}   White on 1960s Chinese under communist rule: "In American custody in Hong Kong there are cascades and piles of translation coming from the Chinese, these are sands, gritty, gravels, little bit of information, meaningless, because we don\'t know who does what to who in Peking, we don\'t know how they think, or how they make up their mind, because no matter how hard we study China, we cannot predict such thing as the Great Leap Forward in 1958, we can\'t predict such thing as Red Guard purge in 1966, as if there was struggle of sea monsters going on, deep deep beneath the surface of our vision, only bubbles come to the surface, to tell us terrible struggle, we don\'t know what the struggle is about." {{clear}}   {{clear}}'] ["It focuses on maritime tragedy of the town and a forbidden love between Julha  and João Moço , from different fisher castes, in a community where mixed-caste marriages were not allowedAla-Arriba - Amor de Perdição and dating without parent's assent was seen as a disgrace to the family, not only in respect to women, but also men."] ['Chef Thémis, the founder of the Cooks Without Borders organization, returns to his country of origin, Madagascar, to teach classes and show the underprivileged how to cook. With very few means, he manages to reunite a first class comprising eighteen people. From his enthusiasm as he starts out to his doubts when faced with the gigantic task that lies ahead of him, the film accompanies him over the three years the project lasts. Beyond their adventure, the film asks a question that any emigrant may face. Querying exile and the need to repay a moral debt to the country they left behind.'] ['The 1992-96 Siege of Sarajevo by the Bosnian Serb army, caused living conditions to deteriorate drastically for its inhabitants and, in 1993, the couple decided to flee the city. Having friends on all sides involved in the conflict, there was a general thought that their passage through the city and its infamous Sniper Alley, under constant fire from hills occupied by the Serbs, could be a safe one. An arrangement was made for 19 May 1993 at 17:00  that no one would fire as the couple approached. According to Dino Kapin, who was a Commander of a Croatian Unit allied at the time with Bosnian Army forces, around 17:00 hours, a man and a woman were seen approaching the bridge. As soon as they were at the foot of the bridge, a shot was heard, and according to all sides involved in their passage, the bullet hit Boško Brkić and killed him instantaneously. Another shot was heard and the woman screamed, fell down wounded, but was not killed. She crawled over to her boyfriend, cuddled him, hugged him, and died. It was observed that she was alive for at least 15 minutes after the shooting. Mark H. Milstein, the American photojournalist who made the haunting image of Admira and Boško which gave birth to Kurt Schork\'s article, recalled in an interview that "the morning of May 19 1993 had been pretty much a bust" for him as far as making photos were concerned. "Excessive Bosnian Army bureaucracy had kept us away from the front line," Milstein said. "After lunch, I hooked up with Japanese freelance TV cameraman and a Washington Times journalist." "Together," Milstein continued, "we cruised the city looking for something different. Everywhere we went in Sarajevo ended in frustration. Before calling it a day, however, we decided to check out the front-line around the Vrbanja Bridge." "There was a small battle going on, with Bosnian forces firing at a group of Serb soldiers near the ruins of the Union Invest building," he said. "Suddenly, a Serb tank appeared 200 meters in front of us, and fired over our heads," Milstein said. "We scrambled to the next apartment house, and found ourselves holed up with a group of Bosnian soldiers. One of the soldiers yelled at me to look out the window, pointing at a young girl and boy running on the far side of the bridge." "I grabbed my camera, but it was too late," Milstein said. "The boy and girl were shot down. Bosnian Muslim Admira Ismić and Bosnian Serb Boško Brkić, both 25. Their bodies remained in the no-man\'s land for nearly four days before being recovered. "I made two frames and afterwards, not knowing who they were or recognizing the significance of the event, returned to the Holiday Inn  to develop my film," Milstein said. "Later that night I told Kurt Schork what I had seen, and together with his translator began piecing together the information that would eventually result in the news story." Michael Hedges, the Washington Times reporter who was with Milstein that day, remembered events a bit differently from the time the three journalists made it to the building where Bosnian soldiers were exchanging fire with Serbs. "A Bosnian soldier motioned for me to look down and to the left, by the bridge. The couple lay together. It appeared they had been shot some time earlier, but I couldn\'t say whether it was minutes or hours earlier. I went back to the Holiday Inn and wrote an article that was published the next day in the Washington Times. That story, which began with an account of the deaths at the bridge, made it clear we had no idea which side had done the killing, that we only had the Bosnian soldiers\' word that it was Serb snipers. That evening, Kurt Schork came to my room, said he had seen Milstein\'s photos, and asked what I had seen. I showed him a copy of my article, and confirmed the location of the killings. The next day, he developed much more of the story, and through his work it became a symbol of the senseless violence as well as a tale that captured people\'s imagination." To this date, it is not known with certainty who fired the shots. The bodies of Admira and Boško lay on the bridge for days since no one dared to enter the Sniper Alley, a no man\'s land, and recover them. As the bodies lay on the bridge, the Serbs and Bosniaks argued over who killed the couple and who would ultimately take the responsibility for the killing. After eight days, the bodies were recovered by Serb forces in the middle of the night. However, it was later revealed that the VRS forced Bosnian POWs to go there in the middle of the night and recover the bodies. The two are now buried together, side by side in Lion Cemetery, surrounded by thousands of other victims from the Serbian Siege of Sarajevo.'] ['The French war cameraman and First Indochina War veteran Schoendoerffer , already famous for his celebrated masterpiece The 317th Platoon, returns to Vietnam. On 1 August 1965, the U.S. 1st Air Cavalry Division is sent to South Vietnam. The following year in September, Schoendoerffer joins it and follows a 33-man platoon of GIs led by Black West Pointer Lieutenant Joseph B. Anderson  until October 1966.'] ["Yolanda, a female teacher, cannot find the best methods to teach the marginalized children of the slums because of their different origin. Mario, a worker in a bus factory and a typical macho man, is confronted by Yolanda's instinct for emancipation. The two nonetheless become lovers. Their relationship portrays the idea that racism, sexism, and class-based prejudices must be demolished in order to succeed."] ["Like her Nazi documentaries of 1935, the short Tag der Freiheit: Unsere Wehrmacht  and the classic propaganda feature Triumph of the Will, Der Sieg des Glaubens documents the Fifth NSDAP Congress in a straight chronological format. It has no voiceover commentary and few explanatory titles. The activities captured by Riefenstahl's cameras include the welcoming of foreign diplomats and other party members and politicians at the Nuremberg train station; Adolf Hitler's arrival at the airport and his meeting with important party members; massive SA parades; and Hitler's speech on the tenth anniversary of the German National Socialist movement."] ['The documentary is divided into two main segments. The first section of the film is a dramatization of a sneak attack by Soviet Union nuclear weapons against the United States. The premise of the attack is based on Soviet nuclear submarines approaching the United States west coast undetected and launching a barrage of missiles at ICBM silos and B-52 bomber bases, while other Soviet forces manage to destroy a number of U.S. ballistic missile submarines at sea. In the film, by the time Strategic Air Command realizes what is happening, over 80% of U.S. strategic forces have been destroyed and the President of the United States is forced to surrender to the Soviet Union. American casualties are stated to be eight million dead - this "low" number is due to the Soviet attack hitting military bases instead of cities. The second portion of the film is a series of interviews where analysts discuss American security and the ability of the Soviet military to attack with little to no warning.'] ["So Much So Fast documents 5 years in the life of Stephen Heywood who, at 29, discovers he had the paralyzing neurodegenerative disease Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . Determined to live as well as possible, Stephen gets married, has a son and rebuilds two houses. His and his wife Wendy’s observations of the world and his disease explore the fragility of life. The film also tracks his family's response to the drug companies that ignore his disease because there is not enough profit in curing it, and his brother's creation of the ALS Therapy Development Foundation research facility to find a cure for Stephen's disease in time."] ['{{Expand section|dateVariety/> The opening images of the film are of the second plane hitting the World Trade Center on September 11. The next segment shows images of dead children. It also contains a list of the terrorist attacks that have occurred since the Iran hostage crisis that one reviewer described as "chilling".'] ['Since the late 1980s, a sporadic guerrilla war has plagued northern Niger somewhere in the Sahara. In 2007, a group of armed men attacked an army barracks. They claimed to be from the Niger Movement for Justice . Hundreds of men then joined the movement. Jérémie Reichenbach films some of these men, ready to fight in a very uncertain atmosphere, between war and peace. Under duress of an invisible enemy, isolated from the rest of the world, they wait for the fight.'] ["The precise role of the Communist Party of Malaya  in Malaysian history is still a controversial and hotly contested one. It was a player in the anti-colonial struggle against occupying Japanese forces  and later the returning British administration . However, its continual commitment to armed struggle in the post-Independence era depleted much public support. In the propaganda war, the government made much of the fact that the CPM comprised mainly ethnic Chinese members and adopted an 'atheistic' political philosophy. As the nation is mainly Malay-Muslim, these were effective scare tactics in dissuading the population from having any sympathy towards the communists. However, a large and influential division of the CPM, the 10th Regiment, comprised Malay-Muslim members. Many of its leaders such as Abdullah CD, Rashid Maidin, Abu Samah, Shamsiah Fakeh, Kamaruzzaman Teh and Suriani Abdullah were iconic figures of rebellion and resistance. These men and women had no trouble reconciling radical left ideology with Islamic faith. The 10th Regiment began a strategic retreat across the border into South Thailand in the mid-1950s. Many of the members would not see their home villages again for five decades. From secret jungle hide-outs, they conducting guerrilla warfare against the armed forces of the day. When the government of China began diplomatic relations with Malaysia in the early 1980s, aid from Beijing stopped and life became more difficult. A formal ceasefire was signed in 1989. This documentary takes a look at the present-day lives of the 10th Regiment figures who are still living in a village in South Thailand. . They earn a living by farming and are no longer engaged in politics. Almost everyone in the village is either above the age of 60 or below 15. This is because the middle generation often had to be sent out for adoption as children would have been inconvenient in secret guerrilla hideouts. The children in the village will grow up as Thai citizens and soon the emotional link to Malaysia will be lost. School lessons are in Thai rather than Malay. Life here is tranquil and slow-moving; it rains often and the chickens roam freely. Through interviews with the elders, we hear of how life in the jungle was like: the food, the battles, the acupuncture. But the narrative keeps breaking up. There are audio and visual disruptions. History refuses to be contained or told so neatly. In the background, a Thai radio soap opera is heard. It tells the story of a king who suspects his pregnant wife of adultery, and so jails her."] ['The film begins showing the roots of punk music with many views on various artists and genres who accentuated the beginning of the genre, like the MC5 and the Velvet Underground. Punk: Attitude then proceeds chronologically to sort through the various artists and alumni who were central to the movement, drawing light on the general idea or "Attitude" of the punk movement, which spoke out for a generation. Bands such as The Ramones, The Stooges, The Clash and The Sex Pistols feature prominently throughout. The movie offers a canvas of praise and respect given from many interviewees as these bands are heralded commonly as the beginning of Punk progressively through the movie. Rare concert footage and personal accounts of gigs and band meetings highlight the aggression and destructive entities with surprising accuracy. The movie wraps up by emphasizing the influence that punk has on modern music.'] ['The national team of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Leopards, won the Africa Cup of Nations in 1968 and 1974. They then competed in the 1974 World Cup in Germany.{{cite web}}'] ["Set in Austria, in 1928, with the spectre of Nazism on the rise, a young Jew, Philippe Halsman, is accused of patricide after his father's death during a hike through the Alps. His strained relationship with his father, and the apparent evidence that he has been struck on the head with a rock, point towards the son's guilt. Halsman is put on trial, in Innsbruck, where his case is taken up by one of the country's leading lawyers."] ['The movie features pro-Chávez and anti-Chávez militants, politicians and citizens, within and without the barrios . The anti-Chávez politicians interviewed are members of Primero Justicia. It also examines the nationalization of petroleum. Other Chávez opponents met by the filmmaker come from places like the newspaper El Nacional and the former direction of the petroleum industry. The director did not obtain an interview with the President, but filmed him first hand in speeches and his famous weekly Aló Presidente television show. About the situation of the freedom of the press, director Gervais said that it was easier to film in the Venezuela of Chávez than in Canada.'] ['After the Portuguese government demolishes his slum and relocates him to a housing project on the outskirts of Lisbon, 75-year-old Cape Verde immigrant Ventura wanders between his new and old homes, reconnecting with people from his past.'] ['The film is a comprehensive video history of Aqua, about their early days in the mid-1990s, when they were called Joyspeed as well as the personal lives of Lene Grawford Nystrom, Rene Dif, Soren Nystrom Rasted, and Claus Norreen. The film also shows footage from the band\'s concerts as well as a glimpse behind the stage. The film also contains the music videos for "Roses Are Red", "Barbie Girl", "Doctor Jones", "Lollipop", "My Oh My", and "Turn Back Time". A clip of "Didn\'t I" is heard in this film.'] ['The film follows five British schoolteachers from Birmingham, England in their journey to Pakistan as part of a British Council Pakistan project, commonly known as Connecting Classrooms.{{cite web}} Kamal Hanif and Ian Healey are the Head and Assistant Head teachers respectively at the Waverley School, West Midlands. Heather Hepworth and Sheila Holden are Assistant Head and Deputy Head teachers respectively at the Calthorpe Special School.{{cite web}} the British schoolteachers visit several public schools in the vicinity, including one for children with mental disabilities. They discover that teaching styles are more direct in Pakistan, with an ‘I talk, you listen’ approach as opposed to ‘let us do it together’ that is used in the UK. One look at the children’s report cards, however, ascertains the effectiveness of this approach in the results that appear to be just as good. An emphasis on discipline surfaces as a common feature in all the individual opinions expressed, when inquired about the school visits. The documentary segregates the experiences of these teachers into two major categories. The first category can be characterized as the material artifacts such as ceramic wares, Ajrak – a special kind of blockprinted shawl that serves as a symbol, woodwork, and bangles that represent Sindh’s outer surface. This also includes rides on a Bullock cart, an Auto rikshaw, and the public bus which is world-famous for ornamental art on the outside as well as the inside. Rebecca Bailey volunteers to try everything from making and painting intricate pottery to taking a ride on a public bus that is crowded enough to burst at the seams. The second category can be characterized as general culture and the value system that exhibits the land’s deep-rooted core. Generosity - especially the manner in which gifts are exchanged, a sense of community found almost everywhere, the significance of keeping tradition alive, being one with nature, a fusion of both Hindu and Muslim religions – illustrated in the shrine at Dera Lal, marketplaces that never sleep are just some of the aspects highlighted upon by the British schoolteachers. There is greater substance in this film than just a cultural exchange. When Brummies Met Sindhis taps into the human being’s ability to connect with another human being, irrespective of race, creed, religion, profession, or location even.<ref namehttp://azfarrizvi.com/home/portfolio/when-brummies-met-sindhis/|titleazfarrizvi.com|accessdate=23 March 2010}}'] ["The collaborative work between Pierre-Laurent Aimard and Stefan Knüpfer is at the center of the film. Bach's The Art of Fugue is to be recorded. Pierre-Laurent Aimard has decided in favor of concert grand piano Nr. 109 for the Bach recording. The film begins one year before the recording. Knüpfer wants to study instruments from the time of Bach for Aimard. He experiments with sound absorbers made from felt and with glass sound mirrors. But as fate will have it, the number 109 grand piano is sold to Australia a few months later; and that is not the last obstacle that gets in their way. Knüpfer and Aimard meet regularly, and when the tension is so thick it can be cut with a knife, Knüpfer saves the day with his sense of humor. The road toward the pianist’s longed for “bravo” is long. One afternoon, a rather sleepy artist in jeans and sneakers shows up. It is the Chinese star pianist Lang Lang, who will be giving a guest performance in the Viennese concert hall. Still suffering from jet lag, he has to choose an instrument to play. His overcrowded tour calendar leaves little time for individual settings. Instead, and almost shyly, he asks for a heavy bench that will hold up through his extroverted style of playing without sliding around. The piano superstar completes his performance in the large hall in a dark suit and wild hairstyle. The bench holds up, and he receives thunderous applause. The sketches of the comedy duo Igudesman & Joo always parody the elitist music world. Together with Knüpfer they come up with some of the craziest scenarios for the next show. One of Alfred Brendel's last concerts takes place at the Grafenegg Music Festival. Knüpfer prepares the piano for him while the star pianist gives his directions humorously."] ['{{plot}} The documentary details the ambitious journey of an early Social Distortion and Youth Brigade and a small road crew as they tour across the U.S. and Canada. The story begins with a hopeful Shawn Stern relating his big ideas about the tour and what he wants to accomplish, stating that the bus should hold up as the group gets to work fixing up the bus. In fact, much of the plot revolves around the bus breaking down in three or four states. The road crew manager, Monk, is the only one who seems to know how to fix the bus so he becomes instrumental in keeping the tour alive. As the tour begins, the bands head north up through San Francisco, Oregon, and Seattle. The film includes live footage of Social Distortion doing a then written but not yet recorded, "Mommy\'s Little Monster," as well as the creativity of Mike Ness writing the song, "Another State Of Mind," for which the film was named. One memorable clip shows Mike Ness getting ready for a show, giving his explanation of his "look" – why he does his hair the way he does and why he wears eye makeup when most guys don\'t. From Seattle they continue on up through Canada from where the Stern brothers have citizenship. The last leg of the trip includes big US cities like Detroit, Chicago, Washington, D.C. and New York. At the time this film was made, there was much misinformation and discrimination regarding punks, so a lot of the film is aimed at explaining this counter-culture by interviewing local kids at each tour destination as well as a few So-Cal punks whose commentary appears periodically during the documentary. At one point during the trip, the group arrives at a venue where they had a show booked and go out of their way to avoid discrimination by climbing up a fire escape and going in the back door in order to avoid the huge biker-looking men in the front of the club. They describe what probably would happen if they went in the front door - they would be intimidated, yelled at and maybe beaten up as they walked through the door and through the club so they find it easier to avoid the whole scene. On another occasion, the starving group heads to a cafe in Montreal after a show to get something to eat and find the waitress will hardly look at them, let alone serve them. She is apparently frightened or annoyed by them based purely on their appearance. The woman calls the police to have them removed from the restaurant with no provocation . As the tour proceeds, there is much discussion about the issues young adults face such as being misunderstood, the push and pull of parents, rules, drugs, violence and alcohol. One of the more interesting facets of this film is the fact that no matter where the group goes across the country and Canada, the locals seem to be dealing with the same issues. The punk movement was revolutionary and a bit scary to the older generations at that time who had never really seen anything like them before. Somewhere around the second or third bus break-down, between Canada and Chicago, the reality of their trip begins to sink in. 11 or 12 guys on a small, now reeking, constantly breaking down bus is not as much fun as they had first anticipated. Their per diem has been slashed from $10 a day to $5 as a result of money having to be spent on fixing the old bus and they seem to keep getting ripped off by the club owners. One classic moment from the film comes when Mark Stern holds up some rolls of pennies he was paid with by one cheap San Francisco club owner  Nearing the end of the trip, some of the road crew leave the trip early, leaving the band members to set up and fend for themselves. Everyone starts to get on each other\'s nerves out of hunger, frustration and cabin fever and begin to act out in different ways. Roadie, Mike Brinson, is shown constantly dyeing his hair different colors based on his mood which begins with a happy pink, turns green and eventually a dismal black. Mike Ness, usually placated by the beer which they somehow always found the money for, lets out a little frustration one night at a small impromptu show, breaking out in a frenzied, seizure-looking rendition of the worm during his performance. A final bus break-down in D.C. causes the group to split up. Brinson, Liles and Danell abandon the group to stay with friends of Brinson\'s, where they voice their exhaustion with the tour and the rest of the group. Out of desperation, the others go to the local Kmart to shop for tarps with the members of Minor Threat. An interview allows Ian Mackaye to detail a bit of his Straight Edge, which the So-Cal group doesn\'t really buy into but seems to admire. This final break-down becomes the proverbial straw that broke the tours\' back. Mike Ness ends up being stranded when the rest of Social Distortion heads back to OC where they feel they have a better chance of making money rather than staying on the difficult tour. Ness has really no choice but to grab a flight back to LA himself and try to regroup. With the headliner off the tour, Youth Brigade decides to throw in the towel as well. They all climb into the film crew\'s equipment truck and head back to California. The film closes with an interview of Shawn Stern reflecting back on the tour. When asked if he thought it was worth it, he responds, "Yeah, I\'d say it was worth it."'] [' The story takes place in Aci Trezza, a small fishing village on the east coast of Sicily, Italy. It tells about the exploitation of working-class fishermen, specifically that of the eldest son of a very traditional village family, the Valastros. \'Ntoni convinces his family to mortgage their house in order to catch and sell fish themselves and make more money than they were already receiving from the wholesalers who had controlled the market with their low prices for a long time. Everything goes well until a storm ruins the family\'s boat, leaving them with nothing to keep the new business going. Following this disaster, the family experiences several awful events such as having to leave the house, the death of the grandfather, and \'Ntoni and his brothers being obliged to return to fish for the wholesalers.  The film can be divided by its prologue, three main phases and an epilogue. Its first part tells us about the fishermens\' attempt to improve their economic circumstances. They demand a better price for their fish, and it is symbolized by \'Ntoni, the eldest son of Valastros family, throwing a pair of scales into the ocean, and the fishermen end up in prison. The wholesalers realize it is more profitable to have him and his friends fishing and release them. \'Ntoni, who has lived on the mainland, had brought some new open minded ideas with him and he tries to form a cooperative, but no one joins him. In deciding to do it on his own, he convinces his family to mortgage their house to buy a boat and starts his new life. A festive mood is present in this sequence, with all the village joining Valastro\'s family salting the fish in laughter and joy. The second part, is dedicated to show Valastro\'s vulnerability. They realize that the price for being owners is high; they not only have to buy the salt but also work hard and not stop even in the hardest storm, risking their lives to be able to feed so many mouths at home. When they go out in a particularly bad storm, their new boat is severely damaged, and the Valastros have no money to get it repaired. At this point in the film, we see the other fishermen and the wholesalers mocking them already, convinced of the immutability of the prevailing social order. The third phase of the film just affirms this already noticed vulnerability. The social and psychological consequences of the Valastros\' attempt to change things are gradually revealed. They go out of work, no one wants to give them any opportunities, and the wholesalers are able to set the price for their fish. In the scene showing the wholesalers increasing the prices yet again, we can see the face of the children registering amazement at the cruelty of the adults. This was quite a common feature in neorealist films, and one almost sees this as an awakening of consciousness. The family unit, so strong in the beginning of the film, breaks down. Now they have no family, no house, the grandfather dies, \'Ntoni\'s brother Cola leaves for the mainland to seek new opportunities, their sister Lucia loses her reputation, yielding to the temptations of Marshal Don Salvatore, and \'Ntoni starts drinking. Only the elder sister Mara remains strong, although she loses all hope of ever getting married because of not being rich. In the epilogue, \'Ntoni finally overcomes his pride, recognizing the true cause of the problems of his kind and his class, and sees the need for collective action by going back with his two young brothers, Vanni and Alessio, to work for the wholesalers as a day laborer, who have bought new boats. The entire mood of the film becomes oppressive since the camera never leaves Aci Trezza, except in the scenes at sea at the beginning and end of the film. The outside world appears only indirectly when \'Ntoni goes to prison, when the family goes to sign a contract with the bank, when a stranger offering American cigarettes appears to tempt the youngsters to move to the mainland, and when the old baroness honors the inauguration of the new wholesaler\'s boats with her presence. Some allusions to modern Italian history are also there. On the wall of the restaurant we can see an image of a hammer and sickle. One of the wholesalers suddenly says: "The country is full of communism!", and his colleague answers: "Raimondo is always right," in a parody of the Fascist slogan, "Il Duce is always right." At the end of the film, a faded text can be seen behind Raimondo: :Go with determination toward people. ~ Benito Mussolini.'] ['The film opens with footage of the war prior to America\'s entry, including many areas where the US never became involved, such as the Italian Front and the conquest of Palestine. The lead-up to America\'s entry is covered with President Woodrow Wilson warning the Germans about unrestricted submarine warfare. From that point on, the film takes the viewer to the front line of the Western Front during the final months of the Great War. In between the usual combat footage, which is considerable, there are many "human interest" clips about doughboys on KP, using slop buckets, digging trenches, even one of their lion mascot. Those shots are accompanied by a still cartoon soldier resembling Private SNAFU. The combat footage, which includes some graphic scenes of the dead and wounded, is accompanied by animated maps of the front, and the gradual inching toward Germany.'] ["The film features the human history of the Grand Canyon area, being from the home of first Native American inhabitants to a major tourist destination. It portrays reenactments of the Anasazi people, European explorers, and the first expedition led by Major John Wesley Powell. The ending of the film features flight with a bird's-eye view following a lone, orange ultralight aircraft piloted by someone in a white helmet."] ['In Citizen Kane, Welles plays Charles Foster Kane, whose fictional life partially mirrors that of Hearst\'s. However, Chicago inventor and utilities magnate Samuel Insull, Chicago Tribune publisher Robert R. McCormick, and even Welles\' own life were used in creating Kane. In 1939, based partly on the strength of his imaginative and successful New York plays which were produced under the aegis of the Mercury Theatre , and the infamy of his October 30, 1938 radio broadcast of H. G. Wells\' The War of the Worlds which sent residents of Grover\'s Mill, New Jersey into a panic, Orson Welles was able to negotiate a virtually unheard-of two-picture deal with the relatively small RKO Pictures studio. The deal gave him near-total creative control and, arguably, overshadowed the production of films also considered classics: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer\'s Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz and RKO\'s own Gunga Din. The Battle Over Citizen Kane also details the lives of Orson Welles and William Randolph Hearst before Citizen Kane, Hearst\'s manipulation of the heads of the four largest Hollywood studios: Columbia Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Paramount Pictures, and Warner Bros. to combine their efforts and financial strength to buy the film from RKO with the express purpose of destroying it, and how the film affected their lives after the release of the film. During this period, however, William Randolph Hearst was actually millions of dollars in debt due largely to excessive spending, particularly on his continuing construction of his already sprawling mansion near San Simeon, California which was located on a property approximately half the size of the state of Rhode Island. While married to Millicent Hearst, he kept a mistress over twenty years his junior, the actress Marion Davies. Davies had been a silent film-era star who worked on a number of "talkies", but with lesser success. After the release of Citizen Kane to relatively positive critical reviews and largely indifferent popular response, Orson Welles moved on to his second project, The Magnificent Ambersons. However, after Citizen Kane did not become a money-maker, The Magnificent Ambersons was wrested from his control. RKO re-edited the film itself and released it. William Randolph Hearst died in 1951; Orson Welles died in 1985. The events chronicled in The Battle Over Citizen Kane were dramatized in the 1999 HBO film, RKO 281. "281" was the internal production name of Citizen Kane.'] ["The film is mixture of documentary and fiction examining the new god of capitalism offered to the Serbs with the ending of state socialism. The story's background are a number of strikes in Belgrade during the late 2000s and these introduce us to a number of characters who play themselves. Explosive situations result with employees dressed in American football helmets and pads square up with employers' heavies in their bullet-proof vests. A visit from the Russian tycoon's representative and vice president Joe Biden's arrival complicate the proceedings further."] ['{{unreferenced section}} This documentary depicts a vivid example of America\'s current culture war. It shows a rural community, Philomath, Oregon, that is making a large transition from once being a dominant force through an "old time" profession, the timber industry, to one that is dominated by professionals and techies, the "information age". This is shown by the drastic decline of lumber mills in the area. In 1980, there were twelve mills around Philomath, but twenty-five years later there were only two. The largest employers are no longer the lumber mills but Oregon State University in Corvallis, which is about six miles from Philomath, and a Hewlett-Packard center involved in engineering ink-jet components. The roots of the community go back to a man named Rex Clemens, who lived from 1901 to 1985. He was actually a high school dropout who became wealthy through the lumber business. Due to his wealth, Clemens setup a foundation in 1958 that helped support school functions, construction, and progress while also providing a four-year scholarship to anybody who graduated from Philomath High School. After several decades, other people started immigrating to the area and a new school superintendent, Terry Kneisler, was hired from Chicago. He moved to modify many traditions and as a result, aspects of the timber industry were questioned, a Gay-Straight Alliance group for students was formed, and the school\'s mascot, the "Warriors", was challenged as well. Many people who had lived there for years, some for their entire lives, began to object to these changes. Three of these people happened to be Rex Clemens\' nephews, who were now in charge of the foundation their uncle set up. Steve Lowther, one of the nephews, led the traditionalists in their battle against Kneisler. After the two sides have multiple disagreements and conflicts, Lowther tells the school board that Kneisler or the foundation must go. Later, Kneisler did leave. Lowther amends the foundation so that students who come from timber, agricultural, or mining families are eligible for the scholarships. The students must also go on to pursue a career related to one of these fields of work.'] ["The film begins with footage of an unreported July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike and black and white stills of the victims of the U.S. Occupation of Iraq. In his opening narration Pilger quotes World War I British Prime Minister David Lloyd George’s comment to Guardian editor C. P. Scott that, “If the people really knew the truth, the war would be stopped tomorrow.” He goes on to state that this film will draw on his own experience as a war correspondent to question the role of the media in conflicts such as Iraq and Afghanistan. Media historian Professor Stuart Ewen demonstrates how Edward Bernays’s use of fear to win US public support for the First World War set a precedent used in the build up to the 2003 Invasion of Iraq. Former CIA analyst Professor Melvin Goodman states that part of the Pentagon’s almost 1 billion annual propaganda budget is used to manipulate the news. US Assist. Secretary of Defence Bryan Whitman states that most western media reports came from the 700 embedded reporters. Former CBS news anchor Dan Rather, former BBC world affairs reporter Rageh Omaar and former Observer journalist David Rose admit to not having done their jobs properly within this regard. Independent journalist Dahr Jamail, supported by un-broadcast footage from independent filmmaker Mark Manning, reveals the massive unreported suffering of civilians. FAIR’s Steve Rendall relates the story of AP journalist Charles Hanley, whose January 2003 report debunking WMD sites in Iraq went unpublished, as an example of how independent journalism could have averted the war. Pilger confronts BBC Head of Newsgathering Fran Unsworth and ITV News Editor in Chief David Manion for their uncritical echoing of officials. Public Interest Lawyers’ Phil Shiner details the unreported use of torture on Iraqi civilians such as the murdered Baha Mousa. Photographer Guy Smallman narrates the Granai airstrike which was played-down by the mainstream media in accordance with Edward S. Herman’s theory on unworthy victims. Pilger reports from the Armed Forces Memorial to show the extent of Britain’s unreported enduring imperial role in post-WWII peacetime, confirmed by historian Mark Curtis who believes that journalists could have prevented the war. Former British Foreign Office diplomat Carne Ross testifies to the unreported suffering inflicted on Iraqi civilians by the post-Gulf War economic sanctions and bombing, which went unquestioned by journalists reliant on official information channels. Glasgow University Media Group’s Professor Greg Philo analyses the intimidation of journalists reporting of the Israeli military occupation of Palestine. Pilger confronts Unsworth and Manion over the Israeli propaganda which dominated BBC and ITV coverage of the Gaza flotilla raid. Former US Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney dismisses US President Barack Obama, who has failed to withdraw from Iraq, authorised US military action in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia and Yemen, and approved the biggest military budget in history, as a war monger. WikiLeaks Editor in Chief Julian Assange puts money and money making by the military-industrial complex at the heart of the conflicts in Iraq, Afghanistan and Colombia and asserts that investigative journalists are viewed as the number one threat to these activities by the west. Archive footage shows former U.S. soldier Ethan McCord narrating his discovery of two seriously wounded children in the aftermath of the July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike, which Whitman denies is one of a daily occurrences of such events in Iraq and Afghanistan. Pilger concludes in St Bride's Church, London, dedicating the film to the more than 300 journalists, including Sunday Mirror reporter Rupert Hamer, killed reporting the Iraq War in 2010Obituary: Rupert Hamer, Daily Telegraph, 10 January 2010 and quoting Claud Cockburn’s maxim “never believe anything until it’s officially denied” calls on his fellow journalists to be the voice of people not power."] ['In Rwanda, a hundred members of the Ukuri Kuganze Association, made up in its majority by survivors of the genocide, and a few of their executioners, freed after having confessed and asked for forgiveness in 2003, meet at a reinsertion center. These executioners are going home, in most cases to the same places where they carried out their crimes, and will have to "face" their victims and ask their forgiveness. In 1994, over a space of just one hundred days, almost a million people were murdered, that makes 10,000 dead per day.'] [" The episode begins with a woman leaving a briefcase behind, seemingly deliberately, at Wayne Enterprises. That night, it grows a camera and a set of mechanical limbs and makes its way to the research and development department. Once there it produces a laser cutter and breaks into a safe, whereupon it begins stealing microchips. An alarm goes off, alerting Bruce, who changes into his Batman costume and investigates. He struggles with the robot, eventually chasing it to the roof, whereupon it fires a rocket into the sky. Batman takes a hang glider from a rooftop storage unit and pursues it until it is recovered by the woman from the beginning of the episode, who is able to shoot down the glider and escape. The next day, Bruce begins to investigate the stolen microchips. He tells Alfred that they were a technology called 'wetware', the first stage in the development of computers with intuition and a will of their own, and among the most advanced in the world. Lucius Fox tells him that the only other company who could compete with Wayne Enterprises in that field is Cybertron Industries, run by the reclusive Karl Rossum. Bruce goes out to Cybertron to meet Rossum, who shows him a supercomputer called H.A.R.D.A.C., as well as introducing him to his assistant, Randa Duane. Unable to find out more, Bruce makes a date with Randa and leaves. Once he is gone Duane speaks to H.A.R.D.A.C., who scolds her not getting design specifications that it needed. H.A.R.D.A.C. is then shown building a humanlike robot, though its face is not revealed. At the Gordon residence, Barbara Gordon is doing her homework while Commissioner Gordon reads the newspaper. The doorbell rings and a robot version of Gordon appears, tasering him unconscious and attempting to replace him, though Barbara is immediately suspicious. In the meantime, Randa picks Bruce up from Wayne Enterprises and they go to Wayne Manor, though she manages to leave her makeup compact behind. Like the briefcase before it, the compact grows legs and begins stealing files from a computer. When Bruce is alerted to the theft he abruptly leaves his date with Randa, who is likewise alerted by H.A.R.D.A.C. that the theft has been unsuccessful, and that the files that it wants are at Wayne Manor. She knocks Alfred unconscious and, using specialised goggles, locates the Batcave and informs H.A.R.D.A.C. that Batman is Bruce Wayne. Bruce returns home, discovers the unconscious Alfred, and immediately dons his Batman costume and proceeds to the Batcave. When he attempts to use the Batcomputer it goes haywire, and suddenly the mechanical arms which previously supported his hang glider descend upon him, dragging him screaming up into the darkness."] ["The documentary follows five-year-old beauty contestant Swan Brooner and her mother, Robin Browne throughout the year of 1999. The two live in Florida with Swan's half-brother, Bubba, her half-sister, Silva and her younger brother, Devon. Throughout the film, Robin, who used to serve in the American military, trains and grooms Swan with a no-nonsense attitude for the state beauty pageants. In Swan's bedroom, various trophies and crowns are displayed, although Swan mentions she does not know what contest she won them in. Robin takes Swan to South Carolina to compete in a national contest. However, Swan loses after nearly forgetting the words to a song. The two move on the next contest. Before they set out, Robin's boyfriend has already offered to help Robin and Swan with whatever expenses needed to cover the pageants. Robin's son, Bubba, is a juvenile delinquent, who has already been involved in fights with his peers at school and has been arrested a few times. However, Robin has been too preoccupied with Swan to attend to Bubba, although she mentions she cares for and loves all of her children. The documentary later focuses on Alabama residents and beauty pageant coaches Michael Butler and his partner Shane King, along with Butler's seven-year-old daughter, Leslie, who has won 27 national titles in her pageant span . Shane is coach to Leslie, Swan and various other young beauty pageant contestants. Meanwhile, Leslie is preparing to compete in the Glamour Doll USA pageant after a nine-month hiatus. She later wins the top prize. In the Ginger Bread Pageant, Swan is crowned Miss Grand National Star Grand Supreme, winning $2500, the largest prize she has received. Leslie is crowned Overall Dream Girl, winning $500."] ["The film reports on controversies concerning and within the animal rights movement. These include external conflicts between animal rights advocates and medical researchers and restaurant operators, and internal disagreements within the animal rights movement between the animal shelter operators and the confrontationalists who demonstrate outside homes of corporate opponents. The film also discusses the comparison between animal liberation activists and political terrorists, including the FBI's ranking of animal-rights activists as the nation's No. 1 domestic terrorism threat."] ['Until 1991 the Western republic of Socialist Yugoslavia, Slovenia\'s violent secession struck the first spark in the Balkan war which defined the first chapter of the post-cold war era. Using an inventive combination of reportage, dramatization, archival footage, animation and miniatures, Predictions of Fire is a revealing study of the controversial and internationally acclaimed Slovenian arts collective NSK, as seen through the lens of 20th century Central European history. Shot in Ljubljana, Moscow, New York, Belgrade, and Athens, this visually arresting film offers a portrait of a culture suspended between East and West. By documenting NSK, Predictions of Fire holds a mirror up to Europe and the world, analyzing the way nations are brought into conformity with ideology. The film won the National Film Board of Canada\'s Best Documentary Award at the 1996 Vancouver International Film Festival. The jury issued a statement: "Predictions of Fire is intellectual dynamite. It explodes the icons and myths of communism and capitalism. Out of the shattered history of Slovenia, this film constructs a new way of looking at art, politics, and religion." In the early 1980s, an industrial rock band named Laibach emerged out of the Yugoslav republic of Slovenia. Incorporating what many took to be fascist imagery in their performances, they shocked this small Balkan republic and, after signing a recording contract with London\'s prestigious Mute Records label, went on to shock the rest of the world as well. Laibach was soon joined by a painting group, IRWIN, and theater group, Scipion Nasice Sisters Theatre, at the helm of one of the most ambitious and cutting-edge arts collectives in the world. Modeled after a socialist state bureaucracy, and calling themselves Neue Slowenische Kunst , these three groups became the titular heads of a micro-state within the independent republic of Slovenia. NSK recently began issuing its own passports and opened embassies and consulates in Moscow, Berlin, Ghent, Florence, and in the US. Although Predictions of Fire documents the NSK collective, positioning their work within the history of ex-Yugoslavia, the film emerges as much more than an arts documentary. Predictions of Fire offers surprising insight into the Yugoslav conflict and the ongoing trauma experienced by generations of Eastern Europeans raised in totalitarian regimes. Variety wrote that the film "uses a postmodern, quasi-Godardian sensibility to show how politics invades every facet of artistic creation and how integral ideology is to the understanding of the structure and signification of images... An extremely rich tapestry of historical events and their mythic implications in both art and politics unfolds onscreen."Kinetikon Pictures'] ['The title page of this film shows the shadow of a cross, with "No war is holy" written across the transept. Constantine’s Sword is the story of James P. Carroll\'s journey to uncover the roots of war. Carroll, a former Catholic priest whose father  was a famous Air Force general, implies that there has been a relationship between religiously inspired violence and war, beginning with the adoption of Christianity by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in 312 AD. Constantine was convinced that he had won a battle because he had followed the instructions of a vision, to inscribe a sign of the cross  on the shields of his soldiers. In Carroll\'s view, this event marked the beginning of an unholy alliance between the military and the Church. Carroll focuses on Catholic and evangelical anti-Judaism, and invokes the cross as a symbol of the long history of Christian xenophobic violence against Jews and non-Christians,Constantine\'s Sword, HollywoodJesus.comChris Barsanti. Constantine\'s Sword film review at Filmcritic.com. from the Crusades, through the Roman Inquisition and the creation of the Jewish ghetto, to the Holocaust. Carroll also charges that there is an ongoing evangelical infiltration of the U.S. military, and that this has had negative consequences for U.S. foreign policy. The film\'s final chapter, "No war is holy", concludes with views of military cemeteries as Aaron Neville sings "With God On Our Side".'] ["The documentary is split into five parts. It begins by examining how Iceland was highly deregulated in 2000 and the privatization of its banks. When Lehman Brothers went bankrupt and AIG collapsed, Iceland and the rest of the world went into a global recession.  The American financial industry was regulated from 1940 to 1980, followed by a long period of deregulation. At the end of the 1980s, a savings and loan crisis cost taxpayers about $124 billion. In the late 1990s, the financial sector had consolidated into a few giant firms. In 2001, the Internet Stock Bubble burst because investment banks promoted Internet companies that they knew would fail, resulting in $5 trillion in investor losses. In the 1990s, derivatives became popular in the industry and added instability. Efforts to regulate derivatives were thwarted by the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000, backed by several key officials. In the 2000s, the industry was dominated by five investment banks , two financial conglomerates , three securitized insurance companies  and the three rating agencies . Investment banks bundled mortgages with other loans and debts into collateralized debt obligations , which they sold to investors. Rating agencies gave many CDOs AAA ratings. Subprime loans led to predatory lending. Many home owners were given loans they could never repay.  During the housing boom, the ratio of money borrowed by an investment bank versus the bank's own assets reached unprecedented levels. The credit default swap , was akin to an insurance policy. Speculators could buy CDSs to bet against CDOs they did not own. Numerous CDOs were backed by subprime mortgages. Goldman-Sachs sold more than $3 billion worth of CDOs in the first half of 2006. Goldman also bet against the low-value CDOs, telling investors they were high-quality. The three biggest ratings agencies contributed to the problem. AAA-rated instruments rocketed from a mere handful in 2000 to over 4,000 in 2006.  The market for CDOs collapsed and investment banks were left with hundreds of billions of dollars in loans, CDOs and real estate they could not unload. The Great Recession began in November 2007, and in March 2008, Bear Stearns ran out of cash. In September, the federal government took over Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which had been on the brink of collapse. Two days later, Lehman Brothers collapsed. These entities all had AA or AAA ratings within days of being bailed out. Merrill Lynch, on the edge of collapse, was acquired by Bank of America. Henry Paulson and Timothy Geithner decided that Lehman must go into bankruptcy, which resulted in a collapse of the commercial paper market. On September 17, the insolvent AIG was taken over by the government. The next day, Paulson and Fed chairman Ben Bernanke asked Congress for $700 billion to bail out the banks. The global financial system became paralyzed. On October 3, 2008, President Bush signed the Troubled Asset Relief Program, but global stock markets continued to fall. Layoffs and foreclosures continued with unemployment rising to 10% in the U.S. and the European Union. By December 2008, GM and Chrysler also faced bankruptcy. Foreclosures in the U.S. reached unprecedented levels.  Top executives of the insolvent companies walked away with their personal fortunes intact. The executives had hand-picked their boards of directors, which handed out billions in bonuses after the government bailout. The major banks grew in power and doubled anti-reform efforts. Academic economists had for decades advocated for deregulation and helped shape U.S. policy. They still opposed reform after the 2008 crisis. Some of the consulting firms involved were the Analysis Group, Charles River Associates, Compass Lexecon, and the Law and Economics Consulting Group . Many of these economists had conflicts of interest, collecting sums as consultants to companies and other groups involved in the financial crisis.{{cite news |urlEconomists Set Rules on Ethics |firstCasselman |workJanuary 9, 2012 |accessdate Part V: Where We Are Now  Tens of thousands of U.S. factory workers were laid off. The new Obama administration’s financial reforms have been weak, and there was no significant proposed regulation of the practices of ratings agencies, lobbyists, and executive compensation. Geithner became Treasury Secretary. Feldstein, Tyson and Summers were all top economic advisors to Obama. Bernanke was reappointed Fed Chair. European nations have imposed strict regulations on bank compensation, but the U.S. has resisted them."] ['The film demonstrates how action scenes in a film are creating using stunt performers, editing and special effects. Each bit in an action setpiece in an imaginary movie are demonstrated how they are created, then put together to demonstrate how they will look in the completed feature film. Action includes unarmed combat, gunfights, the pyrotechnics of an electrocution scene,p. 200 Wise, Arthur & Ware. Derek Stunting in the Cinema Constable, 1973 and a car and motorcycle chase.'] [' The film largely proceeds chronologically with Kwan serving both as the person being interviewed and as the narrator. Her colleagues in Hollywood were generally interviewed in Los Angeles. Her family members and companions in her youth were interviewed in Hong Kong. Producer Ray Stark had noticed Kwan while she was watching the auditions and asked her to do a screen test.{{cite news |titleTang, Leslie |urlChannel NewsAsia |date2011-09-16 |archiveurl2011-09-16 |deadurl"Edwards"/> In an era when Caucasian actors played Asian roles because studios doubted Asians could achieve comparable success to whites at the box office, When Kwan was cast in the lead role for the 1961 Flower Drum Song, she seemed to be in an era in which Asian actors were embraced.{{cite news}}'] ['Brussels, August 1999. Two teenagers from Guinea are found dead in the landing gear of a plane arriving from Conakry. Each year, thousands of young Africans risk their lives to flee the African continent. Shocked by this phenomenon, the Senegalese-born director Musa Dieng Kala returns to Dakar to try to understand why they do it. He films five young adults seeking to immigrate to the West at any cost reflecting the international indifference, the indifference of the African leaders and a society with no resources.'] ['The film begins with an introduction to the documentary from the boys. Nat and Alex Wolff, aged nine and six respectively, are members of the fictional band The Silver Boulders which also consists of Thomas, David, Josh, and their manager Cooper. The band found success after music executive ([[John B. Williams  signed them to his label, Who\'s the Man Records. The band performs their new song, "Motormouth" at a concert in the Hammerstein Ballroom. After the show, the band members describe how their group started and a clip from their music video "Crazy Car" is shown. The bandmates get along well until Thomas composes the song "Boys Rule, Girls Drool", which Nat dislikes. Nat writes a song called "Rosalina" that is about Josh\'s elder half-sister. Thomas and Josh ridicule Nat about the song because it shows his feelings for her. Moreover, Josh composes another song that Nat also dislikes, titled "I\'m the God of Rock and Roll", set to the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star". The band has a food fight in a restaurant, prompting Thomas, David, and Josh to leave and form a new group, The Gold Boulders, managed by the scornful Mort Needleman . After watching media reports of the band\'s split on television, Nat and Alex go into a state of depression. Alex begins to binge on lemon-lime soda and falls asleep, while he lay curled in the midst of aluminum cans. Nat simultaneously writes a song by the piano titled "If There Was a Place to Hide" as the band\'s fans gather outside his apartment, pleading for them to reunite. Despite the absence of the formers, Alex persuades a reluctant Nat to revive the band, and subsequently they change the band\'s title to its original, The Naked Brothers Band. Through a line-up of auditions, Nat, Alex, and Cooper select Rosalina as their cellist and Cole Hawkins — a member of the original Naked Brothers Band — as the guitarist. The newly established band embark on a tour to Chicago, though Nat discovers that The Gold Boulders is their opening act. The Gold Boulders start the show with "Boys Rule, Girls Drool" and are immediately booed off the stage. After their performance, The Naked Brothers Band perform "Hardcore Wrestlers " and "Rosalina", which are greeted with a loud applause from the audience. After the concert, Nat hosts a party for the band in his apartment. In the midst of the party, David, Thomas, and Josh arrive at his front door, asking to join the reconstructed band. Forgivingly, a surprised Nat welcomes them to join the celebration. The film concludes with the outfit performing "Crazy Car" on the roof of the Wolffs\' apartment while fireworks detonate in the background.'] ['The film is a poetic documentary that puts a feisty Beiruti grandmother at the center of brave film exercises designed to commemorate her many worlds before they are erased by the passage of time and her eventual death. Teta Fatima is the 83-year old matriarch of the Kaabour family and the sharp-witted queen bee of an old Beiruti quarter. With great intimacy, the film documents her larger-than-life character as she struggles to cope with the silence of her once-buzzing house and imagines what awaits her beyond death. Meanwhile, her beloved violinist husband  is both an essential absence and presence. His features manifest through the face of their filmmaker grandson while his previously unpublished violin improvisations weave through her world and that of the film. Teta, Alf Marra brings together grandfather, grandmother and grandson in a playful documentary that aims to defy a past death and a future one.'] ["Alain Oulman was born in Lisbon in 1928 within a conservative family. He was passionate about books, music and Amália Rodrigues, with whom he worked very closely. Pursued by António de Oliveira Salazar's regime and later exiled in France, where he was en charge of the publishing house Calmann-Lévy."] ['Rupert Pupkin , a stage-door autograph hound, is an aspiring stand-up comedian whose ambition far exceeds his paltry talent. After meeting Jerry Langford , a successful comedian and talk show host, Rupert believes his "big break" has finally come. He attempts to get a place on the show, but is continually rebuffed by Langford\'s staff and, finally, by Langford himself. Along the way, Rupert indulges in elaborate and obsessive fantasies where he and Langford are colleagues and friends. He even takes a date, Rita, to Langford\'s home, uninvited, trying to impress her. When the straight approach does not work, Rupert hatches a kidnapping plot with the help of Masha , a stalker who is also obsessed with Langford. As ransom, Rupert demands that he be given the opening spot on that evening\'s Jerry Langford Show , and that the show be broadcast in normal fashion. The network brass, lawyers, and the FBI agree, with the understanding that Langford will be released once the show airs. Between the taping of the show and the broadcast, Masha has her "dream date" with Langford, who is duct-taped to a chair in her parents\' Manhattan townhouse. Jerry convinces her to untie him and escapes. Rupert\'s stand-up routine is well received. He closes by confessing to the audience that he kidnapped Jerry Langford in order to break into show business. The studio audience laughs, thinking that it is a part of his act. Rupert responds by saying, "Tomorrow you\'ll know I wasn\'t kidding and you\'ll all think I\'m crazy. But I figure it this way: better to be king for a night, than schmuck for a lifetime." The movie closes with a news report of Rupert\'s release from prison, set to a montage of storefronts stocking his "long awaited" autobiography, King For A Night. The report informs that Rupert still considers Jerry Langford his mentor and friend, and that he and his agent are currently weighing several "attractive offers." The final scene shows Rupert taking the stage for an apparent TV special with a live audience and an announcer enthusiastically introducing and praising him.'] ["The calabash is used as a metaphor for Africa and its representation of cinema. The rhythm intrudes into the film to pose questions of yesterday's cinema and emphatically address tomorrow's. Will cinema be able to break free from clichés and prejudices? <ref nameHW Weekend Picks: Black History Month At Maysles|url11 March 2012|newspaper4 February 2011}}<ref namePortrait : le cinéaste congolais Petna Ndaliko ou l'ambassadeur de la réunification en pellicule|url11 March 2012|newspaper12 August 2005|locationFrench}}"] ['March 20, 2000, a decree by the President of the Republic of Cameroon set up an Operational Command Unit to tackle rampant banditry in the Douala region. The Unit introduced what amounted to round-ups: in one year, 1600 people disappeared or were killed. One year later, nine young men disappeared. The matter was submitted to the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights. The accused were found guilty of "failure to follow orders" and released but legal proceedings have not come to an end. The victims\' families have to live between the desire for justice and the pressure for the crimes to be wiped out forever from the collective memory.'] ['While Lowell is generally known for its central role in the Industrial Revolution as the first planned textile town in the United States, the city had fallen on hard times since the mills left the city in the early 1920s. Wang Laboratories, a major employer in Lowell in the more prosperous 1980s, declared bankruptcy and virtually went out of business in the early 1990s. The Lowell of 1995 had a large percentage of the population unemployed or underemployed, in poverty, and unaffected by positive things in the city like the Lowell National Historical Park and The Lowell Folk Festival . Much of the film takes place in a lower-class section of the city\'s  Highlands neighborhood. The documentary frames the lives of three addicts against this background; particularly their hopeless situations, while exploring them as human beings. The film reveals the lives behind addiction: their aspirations, why they do drugs and why they don\'t quit, etc. It interviews their families, friends, and members of the community, discussing how drugs have destroyed the lives of the addicts. Richard Farrell, one of the directors, writers, and producers, is a native Lowellian and a former addict; allowing the crew deep access to the city\'s drug scene. The filmmakers follow around three people: Boo Boo, Brenda, and former professional boxer Dicky Eklund in their daily exploits to get high. Throughout the course of the documentary, Brenda, a prostitute, becomes pregnant and contemplates an abortion but has to "hook" to pay for the abortion. Whenever she earns enough money she blows it on drugs instead of getting the $395 abortion. The father could be her on-again off-again boyfriend Mike  or the father may, in fact, be Boo Boo. Brenda also attempts detox rehab for the baby, but after talking to her parents decides to abort, then do detox, then to go back home. She loses the will to complete the program, as she had 6 times before. She ultimately goes missing which launches Boo-Boo into a panic as he looks for her. The police become aware of her whereabouts, but are unable to tell Boo-Boo per her wishes. Dicky, the older brother of "Irish" Micky Ward, is a boxer who had at one time fought Sugar Ray Leonard, losing by decision after 10 rounds and attempted to make a comeback. He tries to prevent his habit - and the crimes he commits to feed it - from destroying his life, but he can never stay clean for long and ends up arrested on multiple violent charges. While awaiting trial, his mother attempts to raise bail money with a benefit at the local VFW. The event develops into a fight between spectators and the $5,000 bail is not raised. Later, Boo-Boo discovers he has HIV after Brenda had been missing for several months. He subsequently attempts to find honest work, joins a support group, and attempts to re-open contact with his family. He loses a job as a deliveryman at a donut shop when it is revealed he was driving with no license. The documentary ends with him discussing how he is the only member of the three still in Lowell and not in jail. In the closing credits, it is revealed that 6 months after filming, Boo Boo is still in Lowell with a $200 a day crack habit, Dicky was sentenced to 10-15 years in prison , and Brenda died of a drug overdose on October 25 1995.'] ['The film begins with a profile of Kenneth Lay, who founded Enron in 1985. Two years after its founding, the company becomes embroiled in scandal after two traders begin betting on the oil markets, resulting in suspiciously consistent profits. Enron\'s CEO, Louis Borget, is also discovered to be diverting company money to offshore accounts. After auditors uncover their schemes, Lay encourages them to "keep making us millions". However, the traders are fired after it is revealed that they gambled away Enron\'s reserves, nearly destroying the company. After these facts are brought to light, Lay denies having any knowledge of wrongdoing. Lay hires new CEO Jeffrey Skilling, a visionary who joins Enron on the condition that they utilize mark-to-market accounting, allowing the company to book potential profits on certain projects immediately after the deals are signed...whether or not those projects turn out to be successful. This gives Enron the ability to subjectively give the appearance of being a profitable company even if it isn\'t. Skilling imposes his Darwinian worldview on Enron by establishing a review committee that grades employees and annually fires the bottom fifteen percent. This creates a highly competitive and brutal working environment. Skilling hires lieutenants who enforce his directives inside Enron, known as the "guys with spikes." They include J. Clifford Baxter, an intelligent but manic-depressive executive; and Lou Pai, the CEO of Enron Energy Services, who is notorious for using shareholder money to feed his obsessive habit of visiting strip clubs. Pai abruptly resigns from EES with $250 million, soon after selling his stock. Despite the amount of money Pai has made, the divisions he formerly ran lost $1 billion, a fact covered up by Enron. Pai uses his money to buy a large ranch in Colorado, becoming the second-largest landowner in the state. With its success in the bull market brought on by the dot-com bubble, Enron seeks to beguile stock market analysts by meeting their projections. Executives push up their stock prices and then cash in their multi-million dollar options in a process called "pump and dump." Enron also mounts a PR campaign to portray itself as profitable and stable, even though its worldwide operations are performing poorly. Elsewhere, Enron attempts to use broadband technology to deliver movies on demand, and "trade weather" like a commodity; both initiatives fail. However, using mark-to-market accounting, Enron records non-existent profits for these ventures. Enron\'s successes continue as it became one of the few Internet-related companies to survive the dot-com bubble burst in 2000, and is named as the "most admired" corporation by Fortune magazine for the sixth year running. However, Jim Chanos, an Enron investor, and Bethany McLean, a Fortune reporter, question irregularities about the company\'s financial statements and stock value. Skilling responds by calling McLean "unethical", and accusing Fortune of publishing her reporting to counteract a positive BusinessWeek piece on Enron. Three Enron executives, including CFO Andrew Fastow, meet with McLean and her Fortune editor to explain the company\'s finances. Unbeknownst to other executives, Fastow creates a network of shell companies designed solely to do business with Enron, for the ostensible dual purposes of sending Enron money and hiding its increasing debt. However, unbeknownst to Lay and Skilling, Fastow has a vested financial stake in these ventures, using them to defraud Enron of tens of millions of dollars. Fastow also takes advantage of the greed of Wall Street investment banks, pressuring them into investing in his shell entities and, in effect, conduct business deals with himself.'] ["The documentary dramatizes the recruiting and training of a number of young men into the Greek police force during the military junta rule. A number of otherwise decent young men are selected based on a number of traits viewed as exploitable by the recruiters : illiterate, anti-communist, young and male, drawing comparisons to the Cambodian torturers at Tuol Sleng, many of whom were under 19 years old. The film also interviews Michalis Petrou, a conscript who served in the Military Police and was trained to become one of the most notorious torturers of the EAT-ESA. Petrou's testimony reveals that the training methods themselves were brutal and often torturous and was viewed as a necessity to ensure the robotic and brutal obedience of the trainees. During the dramatic recreation of the training camps, the directors draw parallels to modern military recruit trainings and the methods used in the training of soldiers."] ['In the 1930s, in the throes of the Great Depression, the government of Quebec relocated more than 80,000 citizens to found a new settlement in the virgin forests of Quebec’s Abitibi region. After enduring backbreaking work to clear the land, however, many left, seeking a better life in the city or as labourers for the large corporations that had come to exploit the North’s valuable resources. The Lalancette family, however, have persisted in forging their future on the land from one generation to the next, earning their keep from farming, and defying the constraints of globalization and the mining and forestry companies that control the area. Revisiting the heritage of Quebec filmmakers who documented Abitibi, following in the footsteps of Pierre Perrault, among others, this documentary traces a defining chapter of Quebec history and raises fundamental questions about regional development.'] ["The film details Australian contributions to flying, including the feats of Lawrence Hargrave{{cite news}}, an early flight of Harry Houdini in 1910, T.E. Hart's flight from Sydney to Penrith, Guillaux's 1914 flight in Sydney, the work of Ross and Keith Smith, and Australian flying inventions. It then covers the history of Sir Charles Kingsford Smith and his plane, The Southern Cross, in particular his circumnavigation of the world. It also touches on the development of the Australian postal air route.{{cite news}}"] ['After the house is seized, the couple and their daughter refuse to move out and Kehler is arrested on December 3, 1991, by US Marshals and IRS agents. On February 12, 1992, the still-occupied house—but not the land, which belongs to the Valley Community Land Trust—is sold at auction to Danny Franklin and Terry Charnesky for $5400; the IRS had failed to receive any monetary bids at an earlier auction. Despite the sale of the house, the Kehler-Corner occupiers refuse to leave. Kehler, Corner, and their supporters begin a lively protest and round-the-clock vigil just outside the house, eventually even building a small wooden structure to shelter the protesters. Still, the protest continues until September, when they are finally discontinued.{{cite web}}'] ["Reminiscencias deals with the creation and loss of memory and identity though an autobiographic exploration based on the filmmaker's own 2009 instance of amnesia. Molero had to use home movies shot by his father and grandfather, as well as digital footage shot by himself and video clips from his cell phone to determine his own past and find his identity."] ["The film tells the story of Robert M. Knight, a rock photographer born and raised in Honolulu, who holds the distinction of being one of the first photographers to capture Jimi Hendrix and Led Zeppelin, and the last to photograph Stevie Ray Vaughan. Over the course of the film, Robert revisits the friends and idols of his past, such as Jeff Beck, Slash, Carlos Santana, and Steve Vai, while helping to kick-start the careers of the Australian band Sick Puppies.http://abclocal.go.com/wls/story?section6891802 Fiercely protective of his ever-expanding photo archive, the photographer struggles with his mother's costly around-the-clock care, and debates whether to sell the 200,000+ photos that mean so much to him.<ref name Wiser | first  | title  | pages  | publisher  | url 2008-07-02 }}"] ["The Royal Winnipeg Ballet's Summer School Program is the first step to beginning a career as a professional ballet dancer. But that doesn't mean that it's easy. 9 young girls come from all over the world to enter the program, knowing that if they don't get in by a certain age, it will be far too late to become a ballerina. A dancer can try her hardest but not make it into the next stage just based on her physical musculature. Those that do make it face a difficult decision - spend their childhood and teen years away from their families and focusing on the daily strains of ballet training, or live as a normal teenager."] ["The film focuses on a new resident, Joe Blackburn, who is 21 and begins the documentary weighing over 30 stone  and with fears for his health. The plot follows his struggle to integrate with existing members of the home. Since PWS often causes immaturity, the early stages of the documentary show Joe having a variety of tantrums, which have been exploited for humorous value on such sites as YouTube. The second resident that the documentary focuses on is Tamara Allwood, who was at one point close to death from overeating but by the time of filming has gained enough autonomy to gain the rights to visit her mother in London. 35-year-old Tamara has become estranged from her mother, who has never properly understood Tamara's illness, which was diagnosed relatively late in her life. The meeting is unsuccessful. However, Tamara is hopeful by the end of the documentary, as she gets back together with an old boyfriend, who vows to protect her from her desire to eat. They get engaged and she has high hopes for the future."] ['The film is about a former U.S. Army soldier, James J. Dresnok, who defected to North Korea on August 15, 1962. The film was directed and produced by British filmmakers Daniel Gordon and Nicholas Bonner, and was shown at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. The film, which was narrated by actor Christian Slater, was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the festival.'] ['The film follows several attendees of the annual White Party in Miami, Florida. The major subjects are: * Tone, a 21 year-old from Dallas, Texas. Tone has attended several previous circuit parties and has gotten in trouble with out of control recreational drug usage. His stated goal is to become a biology teacher but despite having enough college credits to be a senior he has no major. His roommate Scott is very concerned about his drug use and has delivered an ultimatum: if he "fucks up" at the White Party he\'ll be thrown out of the house and out of his roommates\' lives. * Brandon, a 23 year-old UCLA student who\'s never been to a circuit party before. He\'s a friend of Tone\'s and they travel to the party together. Brandon is very firm in his decision not to use drugs at the party and worries that he will be ostracized at the party for his decision. *Floridians Jon, Jason and Tod. Jon is 19 years old. Jason is in his early 20s. Todd is in his mid-30s and has been out for just two and a half years and believes that he\'s "living out [the] adolescence" that as a closeted young gay person he couldn\'t. Jon and Todd have been dating for two years. Before they dated, Tod and Jason dated. Initially there was tension between Jason and Jon but now they\'re best friends. The only reason Jon agreed to attend was that Todd promised that Jon would be the focus of all of Todd\'s attention.  Brandon loses track of Tone, who\'s unconcerned as he seeks out his "circuit friends." Brandon meets Greg, his boyfriend Jeff, and some of his friends and they shop for party outfits. Greg and his group think Brandon is cool, but Brandon initially thinks Greg is a "typical shallow circuit type." As he gets to know them better he realizes that Greg  is deeper than he first thought. Jon and Todd tell of their traumatic experience with the illegal party drug GHB at a previous party. After taking a normal dose, both of them stopped breathing within 30 minutes and were hospitalized on respirators for several days.  Tone is staying sober and not having fun. He meets his friend Matt, who feeds him GHB, rationalizing that if he\'s the one dosing Tone then Matt can control and monitor his usage. Jon catches Todd "fucking around" with another man and breaks up with him on the spot. Despite having observed Jon and Todd\'s bad reactions to GHB, Jason decides to take some. He ends up passed out and Jon and Todd take care of him. Brandon stays true to his decision to stay off drugs. His fears of ostracism prove to be unfounded.  Following their return home, Jon and Todd no longer speak. Several months after the party, Brandon has met a boyfriend and brought him home to meet his mother. Tone continued to party and do drugs until he suffered a mild stroke at age 22. Scott nursed him back to health. Tone entered a rehab center and as of the release date of the film remained clean and sober.'] ["The film revolves around the making of the Vogue September 2007 issue. It depicts the effort that goes into making the magazine, and the passion that Grace Coddington, a former model turned creative director and the only person who dares to stand up to Anna Wintour, has for the highly-regarded fashion magazine. In the film, Coddington is often portrayed as the leading victim to Wintour's aggressive personality. However, the relationship between Wintour and Coddington reveals itself to be symbiotic as Wintour recognizes Coddington's expertise and keen eye for design. In the end, Wintour approves most of Coddington's ideas and they appear in the final version of the September issue."] ['The Berwinne sails off Leopoldville  up the Congo River. Along the way, it stops at a small village to take on board a plentiful supply of slow-burning wood. Once loaded, the boat sails away, leaving a mesmerised local population behind on the shore. Along the route, the boat encounters canoes and "watermen" carrying out typical activities such as fishing, crocodile hunting, carving hippopotamus meat and salting it for preservation.'] ['The documentary covers two cities, Montevideo and Buenos Aires, primarily in the 1920s and 1930s, and the men of action who migrated in from Spain, Germany, Russia and elsewhere during this time. These romantic gunmen committed their acts, not for personal gain but to fight against a regime they perceived as oppressive and repressive. It focuses, in particular, on Miguel Arcángel Roscigna who was considered the most intelligent and reflective member of the "expropriating anarchist" movement, as he always had a detailed plan of action before attacking. Correctly or no, the film shows him participating in famous events, such as the assault on Messina Change in Montevideo or escapinf the prison of Punta Carretas in 1931 where, 40 years later, the Tupamaru gas attack took place.  The film demonstrates how the media of the time printed or broadcast sensational stories about the group\'s activities, and dogged them. The documentary also shows how internal differences of opinion divided the group, and indeed many of his colleagues did not approve of Roscigna\'s peaceful activities.'] ["Cavalier and Lindon play versions of themselves, starting work on a film in which they will play the president of the republic and a politician who will be prime minister, respectively. Though improvised conversations, they sketch out both their fictional and actual relationships.{{cite news}} Cavalier's President character calls on Lindon's Prime Minister charater to pass a law on the maximum salary at the national level. The project met with strong opposition and the two men can not muster a majority of MPs behind the project. Having the feeling of not being sufficiently supported by the President, Lindon decides to run for president himself."] ['An examination of the intended consequences of the Iraqi war with a focus on events at Abu Ghraib prison which began to appear in global media in 2004. The prison quickly became notorious for the photos of the abuse of terror suspects, their children, and innocent civilians by military men and women.   *Janis Karpinski, Brigadier General, 800th MP Brigade *Tim Dugan, Civilian interrogator, CACI Corps *Sabrina Harman, Sergeant, Military Police *Lynndie England, Private First Class, MP *Javal Davis, Sergeant, MP *Megan Ambuhl Graner, Specialist, MP *Jeremy Sivits, Specialist, MP *Brent Pack, Army Special Agent, CID *Ken Davis, Sergeant, MP *Tony Diaz, Sergeant, MP *Jeffrey Frost, Specialist, MP *Roman Krol, Specialist, Military Intelligence  *Charles Graner *Ivan Frederick *Manadel al-Jamadi  *Satar Jabar  *Christopher Bradley *Sarah Denning *Joshua Feinman *Alim Kouliev'] ['Filmmaker Mark Wexler is not going down without a fight. Overwhelmed by the loss of his mother and confronted by his own advancing age, Wexler embarks on a curious, lively, and sometimes troubling worldwide trek to investigate what it really means to live forever. Wexler’s search takes him to the places where people live the longest: from Okinawa, Japan to Iceland. He journeys to Las Vegas to attend a convention for funeral directors, and the Ms. Senior America Pageant. He contemplates a future in cold storage at the Alcor Life Extension Foundation cryonics facility in Arizona. Wexler even receives exercise tips from Jack LaLanne, hormone replacement advice from Suzanne Somers, and promises of eternal life from biogerontologist Aubrey de Grey. But whose advice should he take? Does Buster Martin, a chain-smoking, beer-drinking centenarian marathon-runner have all the answers? What about elder-porn star Shigeo Tokuda? The more Wexler travels into the strange worlds of Laughter Yoga, calorie restriction, and old-fashioned religion, the less sure he becomes of his goal. Can it be that life’s true meaning is found in the humble chili dog? Wexler contrasts unusual characters and philosophies with the insights of health, fitness and life-extension experts in his engaging new documentary. The film challenges our notions of youth and aging with comic poignancy. Begun as a study of prolonging life, How To Live Forever evolves into a fun and provocative examination of life’s deepest mystery.'] ['At the age of 97 Riefenstahl returns to Sudan for one final farewell to the Nuba that she lived with for 8 months and photographed and filmed extensively. Müller documents her return after 23 years away and her reaction to the collapsing culture that she once celebrated so avidly in her photographs.Synopsis Bavaria Film International'] ["The pinball industry made more money than did the American film industry during the 1950s through the 1970s. Special When Lit explores the former pop icon of the pinball machine, and through interviews with fans, collectors, designers and champion players from across the globe, traces pinball's history through to the present day."] ['An African Election is a political documentary that exposes the never-before-seen, nitty-gritty of political electioneering in Africa. It captures the intrigues of political campaigns; the almost carnival like atmosphere that is laced with fear of the unknown and the danger that lurks behind-the-scenes.'] ['In the last 30 years jump roping has moved off the sidewalks and onto the stage. It now features astounding acrobatics, lightning speed and international competition. Doubletime follows the top two American teams: The Bouncing Bulldogs of Chapel Hill, North Carolina and The Double Dutch Forces of Columbia, South Carolina. Although they train in neighboring states, the Bulldogs and the Forces scarcely cross paths as they belong to separate leagues that do not compete against one another. The Bulldogs represent the best of gymnastic freestyle jumping found mostly in white suburbia while the Forces belong to the inner- city African American tradition of Double Dutch. For the first time, both the Bulldogs and the Forces decide to enter a competition at the world famous Apollo Theater called the Holiday Classic. The film features four young athletes  who display courage, skills and charisma as they passionately prepare for the event. Doubletime culminates on stage in Harlem with this rowdy crowd- pleasing contest which features “fusion” routines where Double Dutch is blended with hip- hop dance and music.'] ["The film examines the case of artist and professor Steve Kurtz, a member of the Critical Art Ensemble . The work of Kurtz and other CAE members dealt with genetically modified food and other issues of science and public policy. After his wife, Hope, died of heart failure, paramedics arrived and became suspicious when they noticed petri dishes and other scientific equipment related to Kurtz's art in his home. They summoned the FBI, who detained Kurtz within hours on suspicion of bioterrorism. As Kurtz could not legally talk about the case, the film uses actors to interpret the story, as well as interviews with Kurtz and other figures involved in the case. Through a combination of dramatic reenactment, news footage, animation, and testimonials, the film scrutinizes post-9/11 paranoia and suggests that Kurtz was targeted because his work questions government policies. At the film's close, Kurtz and his long-time collaborator Dr. Robert Ferrell, former chair of the Genetics Department at the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health, await a trial date. {{As of}}, the Buffalo Prosecutor has declined to reopen the case within the 30 day window in which he was allowed to do so. So, Steve Kurtz is free."] ['The film follows Joan Rivers for 14 months, mostly during the 76th year of her life.<ref nameA Comic’s Life and Times: Enter Talking or Mocking|url16 May 2012|newspaper10 June 2010}} The film made an effort to "[peel] away the mask" and expose the "struggles, sacrifices and joy of living life as a ground breaking female performer."'] ['The plot is loosely connected to the documental stories published in Jim Corbett\'s 1944 bestselling book "Man-Eaters of Kumaon".Jim Corbett 1944. Man-Eaters of Kumaon. Oxford University Press Narrator of the film is Jim Corbett. In the film, Corbett, who is portrayed by Christopher Heyerdahl, is asked to kill a man-eating tiger who killed a young woman in Kumaon. Corbett arrives to Kumaon and meets with local people. The sister  of the victim takes Corbett to the killing site. They together ambush the man-eater and Corbett kills the tiger from the machan. During this plot, the narration  contains stories of the history of India and the Kumaon region, as well as the efforts to save Indian tigers.'] ["This is the first documentary film dedicated to Moroccan cinema; Between Desire and Uncertainty hands the microphone over to the filmmakers and film critics. Besides offering a brief historical approach, this documentary strives to identify the different movements that push Moroccan cinema. Likewise, it also makes very clear the dangers that threaten cinema's evolution."] ["Floribert Chebeya was a human rights activist who had survived Mobutu Sese Seko's dictatorship and the subsequent civil war. On 2 June 2010, his body was found in a car near the capital, Kinshasa. The police quickly painted a scenario that made Chebeya the routine victim of a crime with sexual connotations. However, this version of the events broke down after an investigation in which the police were implicated. The government agreed to bring some of the highest police officials to justice in a military court, handing out stiff sentences to those found guilty and awarding compensation to the victims. The film covers more than just the police case, but provides a survey of life in a country that is between dictatorship and democracy, between opacity and justice. A recurring theme is the failure of the police chief, General John Numbi, to appear and offer an explanation."] ['Gabriel Nájera aka "El Apenas"  has been selling balloons 24 hours a day for 25 years in a Mexico Cityʼs small park. He promised his wife, go back to home when ensure their children\'s all the way to the university. Even he has achieved his objective, he refuse to return home.{{cite journal}}'] ['The Naked Bunyip is a sex documentary and a blend of fact and fiction; "[it] incorporates the fictionalizing of the \'real\' that had been a feature of tendencies in French \'new wave\' and the American avant-garde narrative cinema." Graeme Blundell plays a shy young man who works for an ad agency, and the agency hires him to survey about sex in Australia. The film consists of "unrehearsed and unscripted" interviews as Blundell\'s character investigates a variety of sexual experiences, all except for the "normal" heterosexual experience.{{Harvnb}} Among the people interviewed are Dame Edna Everage, Jacki Weaver, Aggy Read, Harry M. Miller, and Russell Morris.'] ['Every day, a sea of passengers floods the Majestic Railway Station of Bangalore City. Beneath the commotion of commuters, a group of orphans live beneath the station, collecting the trash that the passengers have left behind. The filmmakers befriended these children who, uneasily and slowly, opened up to them, sharing their life stories as no one before has ever heard. This documentary upholds a strong moral content by not only depicting the reality and hardship of these children, but also the positive aspect of this social group that works within its community. Kids of the Majestic is a documentary by filmmaker Dylan Verrechia and Dr. Suhas Radhakrishna that follows a group of such orphans: Rafik, a smiling young drug addict; Mental Manja, nicknamed "mental" because he didn\'t speak until he was 10; Arun-Badur, the artist and the writer; Baba, who at 8 has travelled throughout India alone; and Joti, mother-to-be at 16, who was abused at 9.'] ["Night and Fog is a documentary that alternates between past and present and features both black and white and color footage. The first part of Night and Fog shows remnants of Auschwitz while the narrator Michel Bouquet describes the rise of Nazi ideology. The film continues with comparisons of the life of the Schutzstaffel to the starving prisoners in the camps. Bouquet then addresses the sadism inflicted upon the doomed inmates, including torture, scientific and medical 'experiments', executions, and prostitution. The next subject is shown completely in black and white and depicts images of gas chambers and piles of bodies. The final topic of the film depicts the liberation of the country, the discovery of the horror of the camps, and the questioning of who was responsible for them."] ['The documentary is largely based on the work of award-winning Afghan journalist Najibullah Quraishi. In late 2001, around 8,000 Taliban fighters, including Chechens, Pakistanis and Uzbeks as well as suspected members of al-Qaeda, surrendered to the forces of Northern Alliance General Abdul Rashid Dostum, a U.S. ally in the war in Afghanistan, after the siege of Kunduz. The program recounts that several hundred of the prisoners, among them American John Walker Lindh, were taken to Qala-i-Jangi, a fort near Mazar-i-Sharif, where they staged a bloody uprising which took several days to quell. It shows footage of Walker Lindh being interrogated by CIA man Johnny Micheal Spann, taken just hours before the latter was killed. The programme describes how the remaining 7,500 prisoners were loaded onto sealed containers for transport to Sheberghan prison.<ref nameFinnegan|firstNo Questions Asked: News Coverage Since 9/11|publisherNo major U.S. paper or network mentioned the film or its allegations. In fact, an extensive Lexis/Nexus search found no mention of it anywhere in the U.S. media.|year116–118|url8I8e8zqWKvYC&pgPA117&dqbl&otskAc5Npi8LzSAVZZF169LdLWSQzY&hlVSx8SqbhH-LMjAfXwOyIBw&sabook_result&ct1#v&f978-0-275-99335-1}} The journey was to last several days in some cases; many of the prisoners did not survive it. The film shows an interview with a commander who was one of the chief negotiators of the surrender, saying that several thousand of the soldiers who surrendered are now unaccounted for. He says the prisoners had given themselves up on the understanding that they would be allowed to go home if they gave up their weapons or – in the case of al-Qaeda and foreign fighters – that they would be treated in accordance with UN conventions. Afghan witnesses presented in Afghan Massacre: The Convoy of Death, their faces and voices digitally disguised, recount in sometimes harrowing and graphic detail how most of the prisoners died. The witnesses state the sealed containers held 200 to 300 men each. They say that when the men in the containers began crying out for air and water, air holes were shot into the sides of the containers, killing several of those inside. A truck driver says that half of the people he transported in a container were dead upon arrival. Reports from survivors of the transports speak of bound men, locked up in the containers for several days without food or drink, having resorted to licking the sweat of each other\'s bodies, even biting into other prisoners\' bodies in their desperation to obtain fluids from any source. The documentary quotes the account a former Afghan soldier gave to a Pakistani newspaper, describing what he experienced when the containers were opened: "I shall never forget the sensation as long as I live. It was the most revolting and powerful stench you can imagine: a mixture of faeces, urine, blood, vomit, and rotting flesh. It was a smell to make you forget all other smells you have experienced in your life." Another driver states that he was asked to drive his truck, carrying a container with about 300 men, into the desert; he says those who had not died of asphyxiation were shot, in the presence of 30 or 40 U.S. soldiers watching. Several of the interviewed people claim that U.S. personnel were aware of what was happening to the prisoners after their arrival at Sheberghan, and that some played an active role in the torture and murder of prisoners. The film shows Quraishi after his recovery from the beating receiving the Rory Peck Award in London for his camera work in Mazar-i-Sharif. The documentary concludes by saying that several witnesses to the events, including some of those who participated in the programme, had since been killed.'] ['The documentary consists of interviews with veterans and leaders from Portugual, Guinea and Cape Verde. Those countries lived through the conflict spanning from 1963 to 1974, a conflict between the PAIGC  and Portuguese troops. In 1995, Diana Andringa, the director of the film, visited the town of Geba as a reporter and there she found a stone half-destroyed in the name of the Portuguese soldiers killed on African soil. This was the starting point for this work. Along with Flora Gomes, the second director, the two directors produced a documentary which is the result of two points of view of Portugal and Guiné, about one of the bloodiest conflicts suffered during the Portuguese Colonial War. For six weeks, Diana Andringa and Flora Gomes traveled through the regions of Mansoa, Geba, and guilegar in Guinea-Bissau,Cape Verde and Portugal where they collected the testimonies of people who lived through the colonial war. Throughout the documentary we see the homage to Amilcar Cabral, founder of the PAIGC. The testimonies show the magnitude of Cabral who, despite being in the middle of the conflict between the two countries, has never ceased to feel to the Portuguese people as something of their own. According to Amilcar, there existed between the two sides a complicity that went beyond the war. "We\'re not fighting against the Portuguese people, but against colonialism," words that show how many of the Portuguese colonies were joined in solidarity with revolutionary movements for independence. It was the case of PAIGC in Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde, the MPLA  in the case of Angola and FRELIMO  in the case of Mozambique. Therefore, it is no accident that it was in Guinea where the captains\' movement  grew, leading to the Carnation Revolution of April 25th 1974. The war resulted in two victories: the independence of Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde and democracy in Portugal. It is this "paired adventure" that Andringa and Flora want to tell through the voices of those who lived through the conflict. Diana Andringa and Flora Gomes are the narrators of the documentary. The soundtrack is made up of music from Portuguese, Guinea and Cape Verde from the featured period.'] ["The film follows music legend George Harrison's story from his early life in Liverpool, the Beatlemania phenomenon, his travels to India, the influence of Indian culture in his music, and his relevance and importance as a member of The Beatles. It consists of previously unseen footage and interviews with Olivia and Dhani Harrison, friends, and many others."] ['In 1980, Zaldívar was a 13-year-old who had grown up as a loyalist of the Cuban Revolution jeering in the streets at the thousands of "Marielitos" leaving the island by boat for the United States. Within weeks, he was a Marielito himself, headed with the rest of his family for a new life in Miami. Now a U.S.-based filmmaker, Zaldívar recounts the strange twist of fate that took him across one of the world\'s most treacherous stretches of water in 90 Miles.  As related by Zaldívar in the intensely personal and evocative film, arrival in South Florida is only the beginning of the family\'s struggle to comprehend the full meaning of their passage into exile. What follows is an intimate and uneasy accounting of the historical forces that have split the Cuban national family in two, and which shape the passage of values from one generation to the next.  90 Miles was filmed over five years, as the filmmaker returned to Cuba in 1998 to visit his hometown of Holguín, and again in 1999 as a guest of the Havana Film Festival. Using news clips, family photos and home movies, the film creates a portrait of recent Cuban history, as dramatized by one family\'s aspirations and disappointments. Zaldívar\'s is a tale rich in crossed borders, crossed loyalties and cross-cultural ferment. In the early 1980s, during the Mariel boatlift, he was not just a child of the Cuban Revolution, but a highly promising one. He had done very well in Cuba\'s free education system, receiving a scholarship to study film and television at a government boarding school. As such, he was an enthusiastic supporter of the Castro regime, and happy to join in the regime\'s efforts to publicly humiliate some of the thousands of Cubans who were leaving in the boatlift, labeling them gusanos .  One of Zaldívar\'s uncles who had fled to the U.S. in the 1960s offered to arrange the family\'s boatlift to Florida — on the condition that all or none of the family go. The family was reluctant to interrupt the lives of their children — Zaldívar and his two sisters — if the siblings were not willing. While Zaldívar\'s older sister was happy in Cuba, she was much less politically inclined than Zaldívar and more willing to follow her family into exile. So the decision fell, for all practical purposes, on Zaldívar.  Faced with the sudden possibility of leaving the country, Zaldívar\'s family revealed to him, for the first time, their ongoing disillusionment with the Cuban Revolution. Out of this difference of opinion, innocuous enough in Cuba, grew a cruel dilemma for the child. In the end, unable to deny his family the opportunity to start anew in Florida and deciding to place blind trust in his parents, Zaldívar agreed to go.  In the United States, though homesick and nostalgic for his homeland and surprised both by what he liked and disliked about North American life, Zaldívar resumed learning and growing with the headstrong adaptability so often demonstrated by youth. He continued his media studies, moved to New York, became a filmmaker and came out as a gay man. Similarly, his two sisters made happy lives, marrying and having children.  Interestingly, it is the older generation, which had most wanted to come to Florida, that experienced the greater problems. Zaldívar\'s father, especially, grew depressed and remote from his son after arriving. The father\'s dream of building his own home in Cuba, derailed by the Revolution, seemed to lose its power in the United States, where many Cuban men find themselves working jobs well below their professional level. Feeling betrayed by the Cuban Revolution and defeated by the \'American Dream,\' Zaldívar\'s father withdrew into himself. Where Zaldívar\'s revolutionary zeal in the home country had created a divide of silence between father and son, in the U.S., the father\'s sense of failure and futility only widened the gap.  90 Miles is the account of Zaldívar\'s quest to piece together the twists — and consequences — of his family\'s journey into exile. Above all, it is a search for understanding and healing between father and son, by uncovering the emotional distance opened up by just 90 miles of water between Cuba and the U.S. mainland.'] ['Swarm and Destroy opens with an interview of several moped riders at the Moped BBQ 6 rally, asking how they began riding. These riders, from various branches of the Moped Army, describe their draw to the organization and the development of moped culture, recounting their favorite anecdotes of themselves and fellow moped riders. The stories they tell are widely varied&mdash;from the gruesome account of a rider named Ree who was injured in a debilitating accident,{{Cite web}} to stories of vigilante justice, and many accounts of bizarre occurrences which happened while riding. The documentary, from there, continues with an overview of the Moped BBQ event itself and the race at the BBQ, with footage shot around Kalamazoo at various race checkpoints. The film ends with a recap of the event and interviews about growth of moped riding as a movement and the future of the Moped Army.'] ['The film depicts the problems still occurring fifty years after the development of the polio vaccine, and shows areas where the polio virus is still found in several countries around the world. Without vaccinations it could re-emerge and re-infect regions where it was eradicated decades ago, and the film also notes that the first line of defense is a dedicated and continual effort by international health workers going door-to-door to ensure every child is vaccinated. The Final Inch shows that there is an opportunity to eradicate polio from India and honors the work of health services and service volunteers. It recalls the devastating polio epidemics in the United States that occurred during the 1930s and 1950s, and discusses the dangers of a resurgence that still remain in the United States unless the disease is wiped out worldwide. Obstacles to eradication include lack of awareness, the large number of children requiring vaccination, geographical dispersal of the populations, social mores, religious beliefs, and suspicion of domestic and foreign governments.'] ['The movie begins with frank, humorous interviews of two men who set out to kill themselves and then moves into a Day Of The Dead celebration where the guests celebrate the lives of those whom they have lost. Director Stutz questions his family about his mother\'s suicide in 1979 and how little they\'ve actually discussed it, visiting his mother\'s grave site with his sister and listening to old tapes of their mother. He talks to several survivors and experts before commissioning several artists to come up with works about suicide: A band  agrees to make a song about suicide "that you can dance to"; an illustrator  is to make short animated films ; a choreographer  chooses to create a dance piece based on two autopsy reports; and a standup comedian  compiles material for his act about suicide with the help of several top comedy writers. Meanwhile, Stutz continues to interview and engage his family about his mother\'s death, eventually staging his mother\'s suicide  on screen with members of the "avant-garde circus" troupe, The Lucent Dossier Experience. As some of the interviews take a turn from the dark to the more cathartic, the tone of the movie brightens at the end during the performances of the artistic material. The interview subjects give positive, inspiring messages to the audience about things they can actively do to help prevent suicides and connect more deeply with those they love. The movie closes with images of another ceremony at the ocean which bookends the Day Of The Dead images from the beginning of the film.'] [' The first half-hour part of The TV They Tried to Ban examines use of offensive language on British television, including the 1976 live interview with the punk band the Sex Pistols on Bill Grundy\'s Today show on Thames Television, which included swearing rarely before heard on television, least of all during prime time, and damaged Grundy\'s career while launching the band\'s. The documentary then shows clips from the 1996 controversy on TFI Friday during which singer Shaun Ryder and actor Ewan McGregor both said "fuck" on the live early-evening show. This caused it to become pre-recorded, and Shaun Ryder\'s name to be put on the official Channel 4 charter forbidding him from appearing live on the channel. Ryder, in fact, swore 14 times during his live performance of "Pretty Vacant" - a song originally by the Sex Pistols. Its publishers, however, prevented Ryder\'s version of the song from being used in The TV They Tried to Ban, and an on-screen message here calls them "Spoilsports".  The documentary shows how accepted the "f-word" has become on British television, by pointing out that celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay said "fuck" 84 times in a single episode of documentary Ramsay\'s Kitchen Nightmares. "Cunt", on the other hand, remains a highly objectionable word: The TV They Tried to Ban shows its first televised use, by a protester  who \'invaded\' the studio of David Frost\'s chat show The Frost Programme . We then see the almost-unnoticed incident, on This Morning on 16 February 2002, when Caprice mentioned that she was appearing in The Vagina Monologues in a segment called "Reclaiming \'Cunt\'". This received three complaints and was not even noticed by presenters Fern Britton and John Leslie at the time, but a tabloid frenzy ensured that Caprice was "kicked off the show". The documentary then shows a single frame from satirical comedy Brass Eye, that caused controversy in 1997; Chris Morris superimposed the words "Grade Is A Cunt" onto the screen, to protest against the then-Channel 4 commissioner Michael Grade\'s censoring of a scene involving a fictional musical about serial killer Peter Sutcliffe. Continuing the theme of offensive language, The TV They Tried to Ban comments that 1970s British sitcoms like Love Thy Neighbour and Mind Your Language, and the BBC\'s Black and White Minstrel Show, contained no swearing , but are seen as embarrassing by many today because of their racism. Vince Powell, creator of both series, defends Mind Your Language by saying "All I was doing was making fun of the English language, not the foreigners". Stephen K Amos, however, cites Love Thy Neighbour as increasing casual racism, because it introduced viewers to anti-black  insults they hadn\'t even heard before. The BBC official whose job is to discourage \'offensive\' words is interviewed, and is seen with the list of words that were once seen as the least-desirable for broadcast , and the same list in the 2000s, which is markedly different, containing mainly racist, homophobic or anti-disabled insults. Finally in part 1, a previously unbroadcast advertisement for Channel 4 is seen. Part of a series of adverts, made in 2004, that contained quickly changing clips of presenters and personalities from Channel 4 shows all talking about a particular subject, this advert was on the theme of "favourite swear words", and obviously contains explicit language.  The second part talks about the portrayal of sex on television in Britain. In the "Swinging Sixties", the documentary claims, no sexually explicit matierial was allowed on the UK\'s three TV channels, although in the 1970s some artistic films shown late at night contained nudity. The documentary claims that Margaret Thatcher\'s 1979 rise to power, shortly after which the Conservative government created Channel 4, actually unleashed "a tide of filth" and \'morally objectionable\' content onto British TV screens, because Channel 4\'s remit compelled it to \'push boundaries\' and show programmes for groups not catered-for by the \'mainstream\' channels. Channel 4\'s film series shown under the Red Triangle banner, which began in 1986, is described here by David Quantick as "Like having a little pervert sat in your front room" because of the often-pornographic content in the films. However, an episode of the BBC drama The Singing Detective , which contained a sex scene, attracted more complaints, as did a 6pm episode of Channel 4\'s Right to Reply that repeated the scene; The TV They Tried to Ban points out the irony of a complaints programme being complained-about itself. An unusually suggestive sex scene in Footballers\' Wives, that the programme\'s makers freely admit was "soft porn", is the introduction to the documentary\'s examination of depictions of gay sex on British TV, and the possible hypocrisy in tabloids complaining about gay male characters in EastEnders and Queer as Folk, but describing lesbian-themed period drama Tipping the Velvet as "marvellous" and "a moving drama about the love that can exist between two women", although Garry Bushell obviously realises that contradiction, in joking that it had "nothing to do with the tits!". A censored gay sex scene between two male Footballers\' Wives characters is shown in The TV They Tried to Ban, for its entire duration of two seconds; even this was not broadcast by ITV, even though the long heterosexual sex scene had previously been allowed. Interviewed here, one of the Footballers\' Wives actors says he was unhappy with the decision to cut his scene, simply because choosing to film it was a difficult decision for a straight actor. Other controversial broadcasts that are examined in this part of the documentary include Channel 4\'s Animal Passions, about a group of bestialists in the United States, and a documentary about Derek Jarman\'s 1976 film Sebastiane. The 1991 documentary contained a scene including an erect penis . These are officially not allowed on British television, but The TV They Tried to Ban examines the Mull of Kintyre theory on the subject, and broadcasts the scene again, with an explicit warning immediately before showing it.  This part of the documentary examined the rise of "lad" and rave culture in the early 1990s, and how some broadcasters tried to put this youth culture on TV, in such shows as Channel 4\'s The Word and Something for the Weekend. These late-night series were reflected by rude moments, and concentrating on freakish talents, making for more bizarre entertainment than before; indeed, The Words most infamous incident involved a young man snogging an elderly woman during "The Hopefuls", a \'famous for 15 minutes\' segment. The \'Complainers\' suggest that people could have demonstrated their talents by performing a song or a poem instead. The TV They Tried to Ban then unveils the supposed "top three most offensive British TV moments", however, X-Rated: Top 20 Most Controversial TV Moments  revealed a different top three because it used a different system. Here, the top three was named as: # Jerry Springer: The Opera  # Brass Eye Special  # Derren Brown: Séance (Channel 4, 2004  The documentary concludes by asking "Where can controversial TV go next?". More recent controversial programmes are shown, such as Gunther von Hagens\'s televised autopsy in 2004, which was criticised by some, but welcomed by others who appreciated the insight into how the human body  works. A Channel 4 documentary about a man who eats foetuses is also suggested as a pointer of television\'s possible future direction, and the interviewees suggest  that executions be shown on TV - Shaun Ryder nominates Ian Huntley to be the first to suffer this fate , while another suggests, "let\'s have burnings on Channel Five".  The TV They Tried to Ban plays a moment from news satire The Day Today, which filmed a fake hanging from the 1960s; this is the end of the documentary.'] [' In a posh London gallery, Carolyn Dalgleish  prepares a showing of the latest works by John Bolton; disturbing portraits of beautiful, vicious vampiric women he encountered whilst pot holing. The Interviewer  collects information on Bolton, who seems to perplex those who work with him and collect his art (like radio personality Jonathan Ross . Bolton appears to review the placement of the paintings before the opening. Eccentric and detached, Bolton is uncomfortable with the amount of attention being paid to him. Forced to give a speech at that evening\'s party , Bolton quietly states that he simply "paints what he sees." Following the gala, Bolton is interviewed at home by Brigstocke. Bolton again proves elusive with answers about his art, though he does  agree to have his work habits filmed for the first time . As dusk approaches, Bolton takes the Interviewer to his studio, located in the basement of an ancient monastery and graveyard. As the hours drag on, Bolton shows no signs of getting started , and the Interviewer finally leaves. Filming himself as he walks out of the graveyard, the Interviewer spots two ghostly women  moving towards him. The camera falls to the ground, and the film closes on Bolton\'s latest work: a pale woman, with zebra stripes running up her leg, feasting on human flesh.'] ['John Pilger explores the impact of globalisation, taking Indonesia as his prime example, a country that the World Bank described as a "model pupil" until its \'globalised\' economy collapsed in 1998. Under scrutiny are the increasingly powerful multinationals and the institutions that back them, notably the IMF and The World Bank.'] ["Filmed over ten years, this controversial documentary follows five roommates trying to make it in Hollywood who face the unexpected consequences of fame. Tony Zierra, an aspiring filmmaker with no money, stars or crew, resorts to filming the lives of his four struggling actor roommates. Three of the actors, Brad Rowe, Chad Lindberg and Wes Bentley quickly hit it big, while the fourth actor, Greg Fawcett, is nearly driven insane watching the others get famous. It doesn't take long for the unsettling reality of stardom to set in. Lindberg's hope of becoming a leading man is crushed when he’s repeatedly told he doesn’t have the right look; Rowe ends up typecast as a pretty boy and can't break past his uncanny resemblance to Brad Pitt; while Bentley, who has the most explosive career launch in decades, is quickly drawn into the darker side of the L.A. lifestyle. As the actors struggle with life in the public eye, Zierra deals with constant obstacles while he tries to complete his film - including being scrutinized and blocked by the actors' nervous agents. Each of the subjects is tested and changed by their encounters with the film industry. The documentary ends with a follow-up Zierra filmed when he returns to Hollywood after a five year absence to find out what happened to each of his former roommates."] ['According to the film, the Americans came to the Philippines for one reason: to civilize the people. William McKinley\'s Benevolent assimilation was, he said, a way to educate and civilize their "little brown brothers", the Filipinos, and leave the country once it is ready to handle its own government. The movie shows that the arrival of the Americans was intended to be peaceful, however, under many circumstances, it became savage and barbaric.'] ["Vann Nath and Chum Mey, two survivors of the Khmer Rouge's Tuol Sleng Prison, are reunited and revisit the former prison, now a museum in Phnom Penh. They meet their former captors – guards, interrogators, a doctor and a photographer – many of whom were barely teenagers during the Khmer Rouge era from 1975 to 1979. Their appearances are in stark contrast to the two former prisoners, who are both elderly men. Vann Nath, who was made to paint portraits of prisoners, has a full head of white hair. The guards and interrogators give a tour of the museum, re-enacting their treatment of the prisoners and daily regimens. They look over the prison's detailed records, including photographs, to refresh their memories. At one point, Vann Nath directly confronts his former captors about their actions, but they counter that they themselves were also victims, being little more than children at the time, and hold themselves blameless."] ['Coney Island began as a resort destination in the early 1830s and gained popularity in the 1860s as advances in transportation reduced the time it took to get there from other parts of New York City. As visitors increased, attractions were added, including a tall observation tower, the Coney Island Elephant hotel, early roller coasters, carousels, and arc lights to enable nighttime swimming. Politician John Y. McKane controlled approval of much of the building for years until he was removed from office for election fraud. Just before 1900 CE, George C. Tilyou built Steeplechase Park, the first of the three major amusement parks of Coney Island. At this point, Coney Island was attracting around 250,000 people on a summer Sunday. Luna Park followed in 1903, debuting its popular "A Trip to the Moon" ride. The park was decorated with thousands of electric lights, which were still a novelty at the time. Luna Park was also known for the electrocution death of an elephant named Topsy. Thomas Edison performed the electrocution and filmed it. In 1904, Dreamland was opened by William H. Reynolds. It featured historical reenactments, a dwarf village with 300 residents, and an infant incubator for premature babies, designed to show off this latest scientific development. Just seven years later, a devastating fire destroyed Dreamland and initiated the slow decline of Coney Island. The death of George C. Tilyou in the aftermath of World War I saw a reduced level of innovation in the new attractions at Coney Island, though the crowds only got bigger. During the Great Depression, many of the existing attractions, amusements and midway prizes were reduced in scale to save money. As World War II ended, the new ubiquity of the personal automobile allowed families to easily vacation at less crowded beaches in the Greater New York area. In 1946, Luna Park closed. Steeplechase Park limped along until closing in 1964.{{cite web}}'] ['After spending years on the amateur wrestling circuit, and appearing on shows like WWF Monday Night Raw and The Jerry Springer Show, Tiny leaps into a political system where he is in over his head.{{cite web}}'] ["Joseph Fisher's memoir was discovered only after his death. His children refused to confront it, except for David, the filmmaker, for whom it became a compass for a long journey. When he found it unbearable to be alone in the wake of his father's survival story and his struggle not to lose his sanity, David convinced his brothers and sister to join him in the hope that this would also contribute to releasing tensions and making them as close as they used to be. They, for their part, couldn’t understand why anyone should want to dig into the past instead of enjoying life in the present. In the dark depths of the tunnels, part of an Austrian forced labor camp, where their father had slaved during the Holocaust, illuminated only by flashlights, the Fishers seek meaning in their personal and family histories. As their deepest pains are exposed, they find themselves crying and laughing, in bitter-sweet scenes that give this personal film a rare sense of intimacy."] ['While much of Cambodia\'s cultural heritage was eradicated through the deaths of many artists during the Khmer Rouge era, the country\'s main theatrical structure, Preah Suramarit National Theatre remained standing throughout the Cambodian Civil War, even occasionally being used by the communist regime for official visits and propaganda pageants. Ironically, it was while the theatre was undergoing repairs in 1994 that it caught fire, was heavily damaged and has never been restored.{{cite web | title  Tokyo Filmex | date  http://www.filmex.net/2005/compe-e.htm | accessdate  "Staring">{{cite web}} Also interviewed is actress Peng Phan , who is racked with Survivor guilt and is overcome by psychosomatic illness. The reporter\'s questioning and the activities of the performers are intercut with scenes of men and women sifting through refuse at a garbage dump. At another point, the members of the theatre troupe forage for food in the theatre itself, harvesting bats from the ceiling of the theatre halls and frying the winged mammals in a wok.'] ["The Lost World of the Crystal Skull traces the story of the expedition to discover Atlantis and the subsequent accidental discovery of the crystal skull. Told from the explorer's perspective, and supported by dramatic recreations, the film highlights the human drama and cultural diversity encountered on the expedition as the explorers search for the Lost City of Atlantis. The film chronicles the experiences of the explorer and individual expedition members as they plan and execute the expedition. They are united by a zeal for exploration, which builds over a 10-week period. It culminates in an outing where the crystal skull is accidentally discovered by Mitchell-Hedges' adopted daughter Anna. The Lost World of the Crystal Skull celebrates the intricate lives of these explorers and reminds audiences of their own spirit of adventure. Living with the complexities of navigating unknown lands, encountering mysterious legends, ancient cultures and strange artifacts, these explorers take on something unfamiliar and rise to the occasion. Filled with emotion and triumph, this documentary feature captures the essence of exploring undiscovered mysterious locations in the early part of the 20th century."] ["Bagamoyo is a ferryboat that has provided a daily connection for the last 37 years between the city of Maputo and Catembe&nbsp;– a largely rural district of the Mozambican capital&nbsp;– carrying several hundred passengers and vehicles each day, as well as goods, from five in the morning until half past eleven at night, seven days a week. The history of the ferry is told through the journeys and the stories of people who know the Bagamoyo and depend on it for their day-to-day lives. And the bridge still doesn't exist."] ['Even before Islam existed, the Arabs were sailing the seas. The sea and its activities were extremely important for these desert people in the VII century, when they traveled from Spain to China skirting the African coast. Sinbad’s stories are based on those journeys, but reality may well surpass fiction. How does one change from a dromedary to a ship? Their knowledge of astronomy, commerce and science form part of this film shot in twelve countries that covers several centuries and includes the opinion of eminent experts.<ref nameKhal Torabully, sur les traces de Sinbad|url13 March 2012|newspaper8 September 2010}}'] ["The film begins by situating the rise of Hugo Chavez within the context of a history of political turmoil in Venezuela beginning with the fall of the Marcos Pérez Jiménez dictatorship in 1958 and climaxing with the popular uprising known as the Caracazo in 1989. From there the film charts the trajectory of Hugo Chavez's presidency through its infamous conflicts with the opposition, the failed coup attempt in 2002 and the series of reforms, Chavez's supporters believe, promote a protagonistic democracy along socialist principles. In the final part the film examines in closer detail the opinions and tensions within the movement regarding Chavez, US imperialism and what the future holds for Venezuela. In particular the film focuses on whether the Bolivarian Revolution represents a real alternative to capitalism or will suffer the same fate of previous socialist experiments."] ["This documentary explores Herb Alpert's abstract paintings and his more figurative bronze sculptures, focusing on the first major retrospective of his work given at the Tennessee State Museum. It shows how music has infused his paintings and sculptures through color, concept, and form. The entire musical score to this visual film is composed and played by Herb Alpert, and his personality is probed through his artwork."] ['This documentary film is about the German society, Nazi Germany government and Holocaust during World War II.'] ["Welcome to the picturesque world of the Kalderash Roma - a closed community of no more than 1 million people all over the world. 'Concrete Pharaohs' take us on a journey into the lifestyle and traditions of the most hidden and intriguing Roma communities. A charismatic Gypsy baron will walk us through his stories and his new house. We will learn the hot trends in Roma tombstone design. We will go down into the underground homes of African granite, furnished with beds, wardrobes, stereos and a charged cell phone - a direct line to the other world. A celebration of life and afterlife in all of their manifestations."] [' Sheltered from the cold winds which blow across the mountains, on a green valley of the Barroso chain, in Trás-os-Montes, Pitões da Júnias is one of the last Portuguese villages keeping in activity a system of mutual help, of communal management and exploration of collective patrimony: the village council, the bread oven, the shepherd, the cattle fields, the “ox of the people”. In this old community, built on granite rocks, live people who have ever lived there and others: old emigrants from everywhere in the world, who built their lives abroad but decided to spend their last days in the place where they were born. Here they left friends, children and grand-children, with whom they enjoy spending their time telling stories and talking about life. Besides, there are literate children in the village now, playing the game, sliding timidly into the story. To survive is to know how to face violence, how to live with it: how to kill and flay a lamb, for instance, or how to live with another kind of violence, more eloquent: a giant’s fight, the kind of fight we see between the village bulls. It is impressing. It explains the open smile of the ambassador of the US, who came here as a simple visitor. From one situation to another, from shot to shot, a portrait of everyday life is drawn, of unique and secular moments, still older than the faces of the men who live in this place: vulnerable, threatened in their wealth, vanishing in the mirror. Living people, they live in a fainting world, where time flows softly away, like the slow waters of the river. Just their portrait will be left. .'] ["The film begins as a chronicle of Rick Ray's journey through India to interview Tenzin Gyatso. The film switches between present and recent past, with stages of the trip introducing sections on the personal history of Tenzin Gyatso, the process used to select a Dalai Lama and Gyatso's journey into exile. The interview with Tenzin Gyatso begins midway through the film. This section is inter-cut between sections addressing philosophical questions and current affairs. The film also features the daily life of Tenzin Gyatso, his international peace efforts and his work with Tibetan refugees. The film features interviews with a Buddhist monk who fled violence in Tibet and Tenzin Tethong, who has served in the Tibetan Government in Exile for 20 years. Towards the end, the film touches on the issues of internet censorship in China, changes in Tibetan culture, and the 11th Panchen Lama controversy."] ['Milton and Fred Ochieng’ are two brothers from Lwala, Kenya whose village sent them to America to become doctors. But after losing both parents to AIDS they are left with a heartbreaking task: to return home and finish the health clinic their father started before getting sick. Unable to raise enough money on their own, the brothers are joined by students, politicians, and a rock band who launch a fund raising drive among young people across the United States.'] ['spOILed begins investigating energy myths by asking if people today believe we are "addicted" to oil and if oil is destroying our lives the way other addictions do. The energy movie documentary explores human relationship to oil addiction, and reveals a pattern of misinformation, disinformation, and deception about energy myths. The renewable energy documentary investigates what is likely to be the greatest challenge ever faced by humanity; that of trying to run the modern world on less oil addiction.'] ["The documentary describes the situation in Kosovo, first in a short overview of the history of the area, followed by the 1990s conflicts and bombing of Serbia by NATO forces in 1999 and ending with the situation after the Kosovo War. The documentary focuses on 1990s in the time of Slobodan Milošević's rule as well as on numerous interviews of Serbian civilians and, less, of Albanian insurgents against the Milošević regime."] ['A look at different matters of the world such as immigration, global warming and capitalism through the eyes of scientists and philosophers.'] ["Brando appears at the start of the film as Ken, a young infantry lieutenant leading his platoon through an embattled European town. He advances into an open square and a shot rings out. He is hit in the lower back and in an instant a robust young man is made paraplegic for the rest of his life. In the hospital Ken is a sullen and resentful patient, and in feeling sorry for himself he finds no sympathy from his fellow paraplegics. (These include Norm, a bitter and caustic man, , and Leo,  Ken's reluctance to respond to treatment begins to diminish through the persistence of his fiancée  who refuses to give him up, despite his wish that she do so. With the support too, of a sympathetic doctor , Ken begins to tackle the programme of adjustment. He decides to go through with the wedding, determined to take the vows standing up at the altar. The wedding night however is painful for him and he returns to the hospital. Later he is involved in a drunk driving accident and is disciplined by his fellow patients. Eventually Ken comes to appreciate that he has responsibilities, especially to his wife, who is also faced with the problems of being married to a paraplegic, a course she has accepted with full knowledge and considerable courage."] ['The Animals Film presents a survey of the uses of animals in factory farming, as pets, for entertainment, in scientific and military research, hunting, etc. The film also profiles the international animal rights movement. The film incorporates secret government footage, cartoons, newsreels and excerpts from propaganda films.'] ['Innerstate follows the journeys of three very different adults on similar paths. The subjects are Jason, diagnosed with psoriasis, Janie, diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis, and Ray, diagnosed with Crohn’s disease, all diseases of the immune system, which may be characterized by immune deregulation, chronic inflammation and tissue damage. In total, they affect millions of people worldwide, while also having a profound impact on their families, friends and loved ones. The film opens with a long shot of a suburban highway, giving the viewer the distinct feeling of taking a road trip or journey. Through the film’s progression, first-hand accounts are intertwined to show how Jason, Janie and Ray, people with different illnesses and from different backgrounds, share an important bond with each other. Each has a unique story to tell, but their “inner states” are similar in that they found the strength to keep striving for their dreams by staying focused on overcoming their conditions.'] ["Cast The film follows three distinct stories involving seven people: *Heather Cowan, an EverQuest II player that lives in Florida; *Kevin Keel, an EverQuest II player from Texas that develops an in-game relationship with Heather that moves from an online status to a physical relationship; *Matt Ellsworth and Chris Mitchell, housemates in Fort Wayne, Indiana who play World of Warcraft and other MMOs for over 40 hours a week; *Anthony Cronin, a housemate with Matt and Chris whose life changes by getting married; *Andy Belford, a World of Warcraft player  and his wife Karalee, and the changes in their lives after Karalee becomes pregnant; *Dan Bustard, an actor who was hired to play a World of Warcraft player whose addiction to the game cost him his relationship, his business, his health and his home. He connects with OLGA  during his attempt to kick the addiction to gaming. During filming it was understood that Dan Bustard's real name was not to be used but he was deceived by the producers and they portrayed him as an actual gaming addict. Other players, doctors, and the founder of OLGA appear. <!--"] ['A large amount of "evidence" was presented. For example, there was analysis of television recordings of the matches, where houses can be seen in the background that never actually stood there. The programme also analyzed how the shadows of the players in the field were falling, and were angled in a way that is not possible in Sweden if you study the position of the sun at the time. The Chairman of the association, Bror Jacques de Wærn, who was employed by the Swedish National Agency for more than twenty years, states that he has looked for evidence that the tournament really took place, but didn\'t find anything. After the end of the film it was revealed that the film was a mockumentary. Despite this, many people still believed the conspiracy was real,{{citation needed|datecorren>{{Swe_icon}}[http://www.corren.se/nyheter/artikel.aspx?articleidcorren /> The majority of the characters in the film are real celebrities who were playing themselves.'] ['In a series of interviews, demonstrators and members of the Swedish Government, gives their views on sport, politics and civil disobedience. The politically aware students sees the protest as an expression of a will to changed society. The Minister of Education Olof Palme, expresses the opinion that some talented tennis players seams to be as bad at politics, as he is at tennis. The Minister for Justice, Herman Kling, refuses to comment on the actions of the Swedish Tennis Association, while the Minister of the Interior Rune Johansson, says that the Association is aware of the governments position, although no official actions have been taken to prevent the match. Between the interviews, footage of the oppression of black people in Africa is interpolated. A white Rhodesian man says that the blacks should be happy that whites rules the country and keeps things in order, he then calls on his black chef who agrees with him. Black university students in Sweden, expresses their disappointment over the Swedish governments lack of action. The captain of the Rhodesian team, Adrian Bay is interviewed, he avoids commenting on politics.'] ['This Easthampton documentary captures the story Touchstone Farm\'s founders, George "Shaker" McNeil and Anja Daniel, and their rise from adversity to advantage. In the spring of 2006, building inspections closed down the operations at the center in the spring of 2006. Later, McNeil and Daniel managed to raise funds and garner international support.<ref nameBrown|firstCinema Dope: Hello Dolly|url10528|publisher18 February 2011|date=September 17, 2009}}'] ['The film begins with Reilly recounting his childhood and his parents in New York City and Connecticut. We meet his family—an institutionalized father, a racist, baseball bat-wielding mother, and a lobotomized aunt, amongst others. "Eugene O’Neill would never get near this family," Reilly declares. Prior to being put into an institution, Reilly’s father, a Paramount Pictures poster artist and illustrator, was offered the chance to go into business with another illustrator with the intention of making their first animated film in color together. The catch was simply that the senior Mr. Reilly would have to move himself and his family to California. Perhaps a defining moment in young Reilly’s life, his father asked his mother her thoughts and she unceremoniously rejected the possibility. The other illustrator went west without the senior Mr. Reilly as a partner. That other illustrator was named Walt Disney. After this missed opportunity, Reilly\'s father began drinking heavily and eventually had a nervous breakdown. Upon being institutionalized, the family was forced to move out of the Bronx up to Connecticut to live with Mrs. Reilly’s family. When Reilly turned eighteen, he moved to New York City. "If you wanted to be an actor in those days," he explains, "You did something that’s really unheard of today… you studied." Young and hungry , Reilly managed to find an acting class at New School. Its rather liberal open door policy allowed aspiring actors admission even if they didn’t have the money to pay. Reilly’s class was taught by a young, award-winning, soon-to-be-legendary actress, Uta Hagen. In the class were such future stars and notables as Steve McQueen, Jerry Stiller, Anne Meara, Hal Holbrook, Jason Robards, Geraldine Page and Gene Hackman. It was a group of future Academy Award, Tony Award and Emmy Award winners, and, as Charles explains, "We wanted to go on the stage, none of us had any money, and this entire list… couldn’t act for shit." It was about this time when a friend of Reilly\'s arranged a meeting with a powerful NBC executive. Reilly went in and was told, "They don’t let queers on television." In retrospect, Reilly describes it as, "A short meeting." Despite the apparent prejudice against him, his talent and tenacity landed him on Broadway, winning his first Tony Award for his role in How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, as well as leading roles in the original Broadway casts of Bye Bye Birdie and Hello, Dolly! Reilly went on to become a fixture in television appearing in numerous episodes of Car 54, Where Are You?, The Ghost & Mrs. Muir, and starring in Lidsville. He also made hundreds of guest appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, second in number of appearances only to Bob Hope, and had a more recent memorable guest spot on The X-Files. Over the years, he developed a habit of looking through the week’s TV Guide to see how many times he would be on TV that week. Coming in at over a hundred separate appearances, he reflected on the NBC executive who told him he would not be allowed on television—but now Reilly wondered, "Who do I have to fuck to get off?!" Success came to Reilly’s professional life, and he has used all the knowledge and expertise he has gained through a lifetime spent acting to teach. His longtime friend Burt Reynolds gifted him a theater in which to teach the craft of acting, and it has fulfilled Reilly ever since. As we leave him in what he calls "The twilight of an extraordinary life", we see a portrait of an artist, a victim of prejudice who rose above it, a trailblazing comedic personality, an entertainer, a son, a teacher, and a man laid bare for all to see.'] ["Director Rusty Nails' documentary, Dead On: The Life and Cinema of George A. Romero will go over Romero’s body of film work as it stands to date. The films will also examine a number of aspects of George's work, working method, and association with the independent and Hollywood film communities. Among some of the interviewees in Dead On are Dennis Hopper, Ed Harris, Stephen King, John Carpenter, Dario Argento, Danny Boyle, John Waters, Quentin Tarantino, Richard Linklater, Penn Jillette, Roger Ebert, Tom Savini, and numerous others. Dead On will investigate George Romero's lifelong fascination with making films.DEAD ON: The Life and Cinema of George A. Romero - George Romero Documentary"] ['In the age of manscaping, metrosexuals, and grooming products galore-what does it mean to be a man? Oscar nominee Morgan Spurlock  and executive producers Will Arnett, Jason Bateman and Ben Silverman present a documentary featuring candid interviews from Will Arnett, Jason Bateman, Paul Rudd, Zach Galifianakis, Adam Carolla, and everyday people weighing in on everything from the obsession with facial hair to body dysmorphic disorder.'] ['BookWars is a creative documentary which is told in an unconventional, narrative style. The film opens with the narrator  driving out West along a desert highway, relating to the audience his previous experiences as a streetside bookseller in New York City. The entire documentary – including the central events involving his experiences among the street booksellers in New York – is thus "told" as a long conversation on a cross-country roadtrip out West. The narrator describes his post-graduation years in New York, and how he ended up at one point virtually penniless. Driven by a desperate need to pay the rent, he resorts to wheeling his own books out to the street to try to sell them. He reveals that he was not only successful in making a significant amount of cash on that first day, but he has also met a variety of interesting and strange characters of the streets of New York – including other street booksellers. A motley assortment of street booksellers on West 4th street, in Greenwich Village, New York City, are first introduced. Among them: “Slick” Rick Sherman, a semi-professional magician; Al Mappo, so named because he only sells maps and atlases; Emil, who says only he "escaped”, though we do not know from where; and Pete Whitney: King of the booksellers, toad collector, and collage artist. BookWars next introduces another group of street booksellers who hawk their trade on nearby 6th Avenue. Mainly black and minority individuals, they ply books and magazines in parallel fashion to the nearby West 4th street booksellers, who are primarily white. The booksellers on 6th Avenue suffer greater exposure to the law, with many claiming this to be due to racial profiling. Some of the significant personalities that are introduced on 6th Avenue include: Marvin, always wearing his trademark black hat; and Ron, from Jamaica – charismatic, streetwise and outspoken. After the introduction of the primary characters , BookWars discusses, mainly through informal testimony, the various aspects of the street bookseller’s life in chapter-by-chapter fashion. The tools and tricks of the street bookseller\'s trade are revealed: ways and techniques to maximize income; how to deal with difficult, and sometimes dangerous customers; where and how to get more books; how the booksellers have a right to distribute literature  in public, as per the First Amendment to the United States Constitution; and so on. BookWars is structured as a “year in the life” style movie, although it was actually produced over several seasons, from 1995 to 1999. When Winter comes, and the streets are too snow-filled and cold to hawk books, the booksellers are shown in their various off-season modes and occupations. “Slick” Rick performs card and magic tricks at parties; Pete Whitney grooms cats for old ladies; and the narrator heads out to New Mexico to work on a Western*.  Marv and Ron, however, continue to sell books throughout the winter on busy 6th Avenue, and the film follows them as they scour for books and pornographic magazines in the trash in Soho. Finally, Spring comes, and the booksellers emerge from their off-season to sell books as usual for another season – or so they think. BookWars proceeds to reveal the street-level effects of then-New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani’s controversial “Quality of Life” campaign, which sought to remove informal, unregistered entrepreneurs and other individuals from the streets of New York City. The NYPD http://www.nyc.gov/html/nypd/html/home/home.shtml begins to enforce obscure technicalities which govern the uses and dimensions of the sidewalks, thereby making it more difficult to earn a livelihood. A new tax identification number requirement is introduced, creating bureaucratic obstacles, especially for those street booksellers who are marginal or virtually homeless. Nearby New York University unlawfully places imposing, massive planters on the sidewalk in an attempt to drive the street booksellers away; and finally, especially on 6th Avenue where the majority of black street booksellers are active, the NYPD comes to haul away books. The street booksellers resist and assemble to form an unlikely common front to protest against the actions of the city. Others, who have had their books confiscated, wait for hours at the police station to get them back. Still others, like Ron, rail against the futility of the city\'s efforts to stop New Yorkers from reading, because of their virtual addiction to books. In the end, the street booksellers stand their ground against the Mayor, and are able to continue selling with minor adjustments to their way of life. In the closing moments of BookWars, the narrator admits that after all the recent problems with the city, he has grown restless; he realizes that he wants to do something different, and wants to change his occupation at last. A single massive rainstorm is enough to convince him to give up his street bookselling activities. He sells the last of his books off to his fellow street booksellers, and heads out West, on a cross-country road trip, with the audience in the passenger seat sharing the ride.'] ['The film starts by tracking the hypothetical savings of a typical depositor as they move around the global system, showing exploitation as various financial agents try to produce high returns. There are several interviews with investment managers, politicians, economists as well as homeless people and workers; the film sets them up as good guys and bad guys. <ref name http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae0eeb40-a70c-11df-90e5-00144feabdc0.html |title The Financial Times |author 2010-08-13 |accessdate=2010-09-12}}  * Mark Mobius manages funds with a volume of about 12 billion dollars. He invests in Emerging Markets. * Mirko Kovats is an investor and among the 15 richest Austrians. In the film he inspects an Indian firm. * Terry Le Sueur is the finance minister of Jersey and explains the development of the island from agriculture and tourism to international financial center and tax haven. * Hermann Scheer is member of the German parliament and criticizes the financial system. * John Perkins is a former Economic Hitman and describes US politics in developing countries based on economic interests.'] ["A team from the Canary Island NGO, Nimba, travels through Conakry, Guinea, screening the documentary Europa: ¿paraíso o espejismo?  in which five Sub-Saharan immigrants recount their experiences as they traveled from Africa to the coast of the Canary Islands. People from different social groups talk about the country's situation, what leads people to leave and the possible solutions to a conflict that, unfortunately, is very in force."] ["Je ne suis pas moi-même explores the contradictions within the world of African antiques. Where do the African masks come from? How did they arrive in the showcases of the biggest galleries and collections in Europe? Who decides how much each piece is worth in this post-colonial context? In Europe there's a market needy of new ethnic art pieces. In Africa they’re in need of economical resources, some are willing to sell their cultural legacy or even fake it if need be. The limits of authenticity grow blurry when sacred objects by those who adored them a very short time ago."] ['Starting out at a concert at Saint Nazaire, passing through London and finally arriving in Cairo’s uproar, the film depicts a series of fragmented musical sketches that, together, form the portrait of the singer from the sands, Natacha Atlas. From one migration to the next, one sole journey, one sole melancholic dream from East to West following in the footsteps of a rose of Pop...'] ['John Pilger and Alan Lowery traveled to Iraq with Denis Halliday, a former assistant secretary-general of the United Nations who resigned over what he called the "immoral policy" of economic sanctions. There they find a suffering nation held hostage to the compliance of a dictator, Saddam Hussein, over whom the Iraqi people no control.'] ["The documentary film about French militia, active under the Vichy regime in occupied France, during the World War II. Interviews with former militia men and their victims. It demonstrates that the militia's ruthless persecution of Jews and resistance movements exceeded even the Gestapo's requirements.Milice, film noir – FPFSJoan Dupont, Movie Guide : Milice, Film Noir – NYTimes, 1997-12-12"] ["Tully was a prosperous town in tropical north Queensland, until Brazil dumped its sugar surplus on the global market. The locals call a meeting to save the town from financial disaster. Ron Hunt stands up and proposes to build The World’s Biggest Gumboot in honour of Tully’s rainfall record of 7.98 metres in 1950. Ron declares the Big Golden Gumboot will put Tully on the map, so he and the local Rotary Club hire out-of-towner Bryan Newell to build the edifice. Tully's local artist and fellow Rotarian. Roger Chandler is not pleased. The cost of the boot blows out to $90,000, and the construction is endlessly delayed by rain. Personalities clash, and Ron wonders whether he has made the right decision. Dispersed throughout the main narrative are small vignettes highlighting other Big Things around Australia."] ['Fair trading is very much in fashion today. The concept is to help the most underprivileged populations on our planet to emerge from this state thanks to a fairer distribution of revenues. The Shea butter is produced by the poorest women of Burkina Faso, and is more and more appreciated in Europe. It is used in the cosmetic industry and as a cocoa substitute. Different fair trading experiences pretend to help them but, who really profits from the money of the butter?{{cite web|titlehttp://www.atelierideal.lautre.net/IMG/pdf/chronique-utopia-LeBeurre.pdf|publisher11 March 2012|locationIntNews>{{cite news}}'] ['Hichem has dreamt with "harga" since he was a child. One day he set forth on the sea towards Europe, on the grand forbidden voyage in a precarious open boat with 27 other Tunisians, some of whom were his friends. Hichem is the only one who has come back. Other Tunisians tell us why they want to leave their country: poverty, unemployment, no hope for the future, trapped in a dead end. They are ready to do anything to improve their situation, and that includes risking their lives.'] ["On her journey, filmmaker Ellen Spiro visits memorable landmarks, events and characters, including Mardi Gras, Gay Pride in Atlanta, the Gay rodeo, Dollywood, Miss Miller's Eternal Love and Care Pet Cemetery, and the Short Mountain Radical Faerie sanctuary. Interviews with gay men and lesbians throughout the film demonstrate the wide range of Southern lives, from Rita, a retired military officer, now a drag queen in New Orleans, to Iris, a black lesbian living in a bus in the Ozarks. The subjects in Greetings From Out Here address the impact of AIDS in the rural South, the politics of being gay in the South, and the relationship between the gay and civil rights movements."] ['The film tells the story of Ai Qin, an illegal Chinese immigrant to the UK. She is at home in Fuzhou, China, where there is no work except badly paid agricultural labour, and even this is in short supply. Ai Qin has a son but her husband is not seen . The family have some awareness of the dangers of leaving for a foreign country, and can keep in touch using mobile phones, but overall they have no control once Ai Qin puts herself in the hands of a "snakehead" gang who, for a deposit of $5,000 , will smuggle her to Europe. The film follows her from China to the UK where she gets a job in a meat-packing factory. It reveals that the UK\'s food industry is heavily dependent on underpaid, exploited migrant labour. "Massage"  is offered as a profitable alternative, but she resists this. She finds herself dependent on a "gangmaster", who, however, is only one step up himself and needs to bribe richer contractors to get even badly paid work. His position and that of the group is deteriorating, and it is in some desperation that they turn to cockle-picking at Morecambe Bay. The film begins and ends with scenes recreating the 2004 Morecambe Bay cockling disaster, in which 23 illegal workers lost their lives whilst cockle-picking.'] ['Santiago A. Zannou accompanies his father, Alphonse, to his homeland, Benin, 40 years after he left it, to face his fears and his lies. On this journey of redemption, Alphonse will not just seek reconciliation with his only living sister, but also forgiveness from his ancestors, in the hopes of finally laying the hurt of the past to rest.'] ["Chris Mburu is a United Nations human rights advocate. As a child in Kenya, he was a good student, but would not have been able to enter secondary school, as only Primary School is free of cost in Kenya. Due to his outstanding grades, Chris was selected for a direct scholarship, provided to him by a Swedish woman named Hilde Back, who had fled Nazi Germany because of her Jewish heritage. In the present day, Mburu has decided to create a scholarship program of his own, and names it after his former benefactor, Hilde Back. In Kenya, Three gifted students, Kimami, Ruth, and Caroline are vying for a scholarship that may be their only chance to continue school. Kimami, Ruth and Caroline take the Kenya Certificate of Primary Education Test, a nationwide standard that will determine their eligibility for Mburu's scholarship program. However, the violence and mayhem of the 2007–2008 Kenyan crisis may jeopardize the students' dreams. Due to a lack of students meeting the predetermined threshold on the tests, Kimami is given a scholarship. Unfortunately, Ruth and Caroline do not receive scholarships, but it is revealed in the closing credits that they have been sponsored to continue schooling by the documentary film crew."] ["The film is centred around the lives of traditional Chinese musicians, dizi player Luo Shoucheng, pipa player Tu Weigang, sheng player Weng Zhenfa  and composer Chen Dawei, all based in Shanghai. Following their retirement from local state-backed orchestras, the musicians - all friends - decide to reband and record new material over which they will have complete control. After the first recording sessions, the film follows the men's personal stories: Luo Shoucheng returns to the neighbourhood he lived in as a child; Tu Weigang reminisces about their lives during the Cultural Revolution; Chen Dawei enjoys time with his young son; and Weng Zhenfa continues his reinvention of his instrument  with master craftsmen at a local workshop. Composer Chen Dawei's sudden death takes them all by surprise and the second half of the film follows the remaining musicians' attempts to organize a tribute concert in his name. The film was shot over three years in Shanghai, and backed by the Channel 4 BRITDOC Foundation. It won the Special Jury Prize for documentaries at the 2006 Syracuse International Film Festival. It has also played at BRITDOC Film Festival, Globians Film Festival, Santa Cruz International Film Festival, Cologne Chinese Film Festival, Pyongyang Film Festival, Chongqing Independent Film and Video Festival, and Action On Film International Film Festival.{{cite web}}"] ["In 2003, the Iraqi heavy-metal band Acrassicauda were the subject of a Vice magazine article. With the magazine's help, they were able to stage a sell-out show in 2005 despite the recent ousting of Saddam Hussein. Filmmakers from Vice returned to Iraq in 2006 to track down the band. Upon their return they discovered the multitude of death and destruction, including rehearsing studios destroyed by bombs. Candid interviews with the band members allows an insight into a sub section of society steeped in American pop culture and the hostilities this attracts.Heavy Metal in Baghdad TIFF"] ['Three chapters of Kuxa Kanema, the daily film journal created during the first years of the Mozambique Republic. Graphic images of the utopia experienced by a young nation under construction, despite the lack of TV channels. Kuxa Kanema is the film school of the first generation of Mozambique filmmakers.'] ['Concerned about the future of the U.S., Knapp heads to Washington D.C. to address his problems. When he had difficulties accomplishing his goals, he decided to alter his strategy and to pursue his own earmark. Knapp hired a lobbyist and set out to obtain government funding for his project, which was to construct a museum of government waste. The idea for the project came from filmmakers Ellen and Jim Hubbard asking themselves "why can\'t Congress get a handle on wasteful spending?," "how could we become a part of the process to see how and why Congress makes spending decisions?," and “what’s the ultimate ridiculous earmark that we can come up with?’”<ref namePappas|firstTheDC Exclusive: Documentary filmmakers try to get government funding for ‘Museum of Government Waste’|url19 April 2012|newspaper5 March 2012}} Knapp spoke privately with people from members of Congress, to their staff, to lobbyists, in order to get an idea of what goes on outside the public eye. The film follows Knapp as he visits places like North Carolina\'s Sparta Teapot Museum, which received $500,000 from the federal government in the Transportation Budget, the offices of high-profile lobbyists, and a prominent politician’s private fundraiser.'] ["With more than 30 leagues nationwide forming the Women's Flat Track Derby Association. Blood on the Flat Track focuses on the Rat City Rollergirls of Seattle, who formed their league from scratch in April 2004. In the first season, the league started playing at a small rink in front of about 200 fans; they now sell out of stadiums monthly. This film follows the teams throughout its first two seasons and focuses on the women who comprise the league, their teams' struggle to win the championship bout and their relationships with each other."] ["Taking a look back from Romero's first television commercials onward, the documentary chronicles the career and stylistic techniques of Dawn of the Deads director, George A. Romero."] ["The film opens on a beach in Malibu, where Tobolowsky recounts a miraculous swim he took on an earlier birthday. It continues in the kitchen of his home, as he boils sausages for his guests and recounts stories about his early auditions in Los Angeles. After some stories in the backyard, where he is grilling the sausages, the guests arrive. Then Stephen entertains his guests with stories about being nominated as one of 100 coolest people in LA, being in a rock 'n' roll band, and working on such films as Bird on a Wire and Mississippi Burning. The film ends in the dark of night with a few leftover guests in his candlelit backyard and a tribute to his close friend Bob Darnell. Among the guests at the party are the actors Mena Suvari, Amy Adams, and his wife, Ann Hearn."] ['Ernest Genval explores the scenery along the railway line that links Boma to Tshela in the Mayumbe area. The train passes through the lush and dense vegetation of the thick forests and stops by farm estates along the route like Lukula, the Urselia domain , Lubuzi River and its new bridge, the Kangu mission and Tshela, where manufactured products are loaded onto boats for shipment to Europe. The train journey is also an eyewitness account of the workings of a well-oiled colonial system and the development of the black workforce at its service.'] ['Groups of various national and ethnic origins arrived seeking their fortune; this documentary focuses on the Jewish presence in California during the Gold Rush. This feature traces the arrival of Jews in the ‘rough and tumble’ West and follows how they settled and grew with the towns and establishing communities, which have grown to become more valuable than gold in a sense. The city most ‘49ers arrived at on their way to seek gold was San Francisco, this was due to an earlier find of gold at Sutter’s Mill located in Northern California. By 1850 almost 100,000 miners descended upon the area, which had, been an insignificant remote outpost up until then. The people that came, traveled by horse-drawn covered wagons and steam and wind powered ships. Fleeing unstable governments, seeking religious freedom and fortune, some Jews journeyed all the way from Europe to the Pacific Coast. The untamed West’s way of life into which these Jews settled down into is accurately portrayed by historical photographs and actual diary excerpts from the time period. These documents of the past give viewers a glance into the unruly bars and casinos of yesteryear, in a time when lawlessness was rampant in a culture of few limitations. Despite being surrounded by mass disorder, Jews in the community took the opportunity to prosper. Instead of discovering gold in mines, businessmen such as Levi Strauss were extremely successful through the sale of canvas trousers to prospectors headed to the gold fields. However, for Jews determined to follow an observant way of life, the liberal climate of California’s growing cities grew to be very frustrating. August Helbing founded the Eureka Benevolent Society so that Jews would have an appropriate manner in which they could occupy themselves during the evening hours. Before the creation of the society the only option for these Jews was to spend time in the rear of their places of business; as they would not frequent betting halls or theatrical plays. After a short time, signs of the Jewish religion were showing up all over the city of San Francisco. The first Jewish congregation established in the city of San Francisco celebrated Rosh Hashanah in 1849. Shortly afterwards a kosher butcher, local mohel service and a cemetery were established. As the cities and towns of California developed even further; area Jews lived with the reality of the ominous presence of intolerance. Various minority ethnic and racial groups living in the state were barred from bearing witness in Court, which served as an impediment to their rights under the law. This and other injustices caused the Golden State to tackle matters of discrimination much sooner than other regions in the United States, thus serving as a refuge for numerous Jews. From these widespread and uncertain Gold Rush beginnings, Northern California’s unique Jewish community has continued to flourish. The legacy of these early Jewish ‘49ers is now part of the cultural fabric of the American West. Starting out with much questionability from various parts of the world and ending up in the middle of California’s Gold Rush, the Golden State’s distinctive population of Jews up north has unceasingly thrived. The heritage of the pioneering gold rushers is an integral component of the enriching structure of the West Coast of the United States.'] ["Afro@Digital explores how digital technology has changed the lives of Africans. For instance, a marabout explains that he no longer replies by letter to questions from Africans living abroad: he uses his cell phone. Another eloquent illustration of the digital revolution in Africa is the proliferation of Internet cafés full of young people. It raises challenging questions about the use of technology in various domains, and in documenting humanity's memory and also asks how digital technology might be used in the service of African people tomorrow."] ['The craftsmen in the Marrakesh medina speak of the loss of values and the disappearance of the traditional way of life, while tourists stroll by unaware of their reality. Products "made in China" and the ever-increasing presence of plastic products does not allow them to earn enough to live off their crafts.'] ['Winners introduces us to WIN, a project set in place by the Spanish Red Cross in Liberia, with a program to integrate vulnerable women in Monrovia into the social and labor fields. More than fourteen years of wars have relegated these women to the lowest rung of the social ladder of the already fragile Liberian society, turning them into the perfect victims of a gender violence that could well become an institution.'] ['Modern-day polymath Michael E. Arth and his pregnant wife, Maya, travel on a cross-country trek from Santa Barbara, CA—where they lived in a spacious villa surrounded by waterfalls—to a ruined and dangerous neighborhood in a small town in Florida. Arth buys 32 homes and businesses, and turns the slum into downtown DeLand’s “Historic Garden District.” With guns that shoot nails and staples instead of bullets, and with gentle persuasion instead of violent confrontation, he pushes out the drug dealers and other criminals, and then creates a retrofitted model for how to build new towns and neighborhoods. Arth also proposes building a Pedestrian Village with work opportunities as a solution to homelessness. The film also follows the development of his urban design philosophy, New Pedestrianism, and ends on an upbeat, optimistic note with a vision for the future. There is also a section, documented with archival footage, which chronicles Arth’s early life and struggles as a surfer, artist, builder, and home/urban designer.Michael E. Arth, “New Pedestrianism: A Bridge to the Future” Carbuster’s Magazine #33, Spring 2008, p. 23.Teri Pruden, "The New Urban Cowboy: Michael E. Arth transforms Cracktown into Historic Garden District in DeLand” DeLand Magazine, Jan-Feb, 2008. Pages 8, 9.'] ['Million Calorie March: The Movie documents the Million Calorie March awareness and fundraising campaign and incorporates stories from Marino’s 2005 book, "Big & Tall Chronicles: Misadventures Of A Lifelong Food Addict." Through flashbacks to his childhood, Marino documents the influences that led to his struggles with weight loss and his personal battle to overcome food addiction. The purpose behind Marino’s film is the increasing awareness of the spread of obesity throughout the United States and inspiring people to dig deep to fix themselves. The 95 minute documentary premiered on September 21, 2007 at the Boston Film Festival to positive reviews. The film also screened at the Palm Beach, Jacksonvill], Northampton and Long Island film festivals as well as health and wellness events throughout the United States. A shortened version of the film screened at over 40 tour stops during Marino’s follow-up campaign, 2008’s Million Step March. In November 2008, the documentary won an International Freddie Award from the National Health and Medical Media Awards Association in the area of Diet & Nutrition.  Formerly 400&nbsp;lbs, Marino had lost over 110 pounds between 2001 and 2003 largely by dieting, exercise and researching the obesity epidemic. Through his research as well as his own struggles with weight loss and food addiction, Marino became passionate about the obesity issue and wanted to make a contribution to the cause. He formed the anti-childhood obesity nonprofit organization Generation Excel in 2004 and created the Million Calorie March, the awareness campaign and fundraiser that became the film of the same name. The Million Calorie March was designed to be interactive with other walkers, weight loss groups and media representatives, who were invited to join the walk at any point along the route. Marino also raised money by asking for pledges at each stop in his journey up the eastern seaboard.  The Million Calorie March kicked off live on national television from Jacksonville, Florida. ABC’s Live with Regis and Kelly broadcast the kickoff in front of an estimated audience of 10 million people. The TV show covered the March again live on remote broadcast from the Washington Mall in D.C. on June 15, 2004, as well as the March crew’s arrival in Manhattan on June 24, 2004. Other media, including Fox News Channel, CBS radio, USA Today, People Magazine as well as local and statewide media also covered the event.'] ['The film follows Bixby and Walker who describe systematically four serious deficits shaping the U.S. economy: budget, savings, the balance of payments, and leadership. As of the early 2008 release of the film they had created a national debt of over $9.6 trillion, $30,000 for each American.Paul B. Farrell, A $75 trillion fright fest, Eight megahorror debts chilling America, Wall Street Journal, September 8, 2008.Cynthia Fuchs, Review of I.O.U.S.A., PopMatters.com, August 26, 2008.Capsule Reviews Of Current Releases, Cleveland Free Press, Volume 15, Issue 88, January 22nd, 2009. * The budget deficit section highlights the 53 trillion dollars in unfunded benefits  that will come due and can only be paid by tripling taxes or cutting all government spending except for that to those programs. * The savings deficit is created by individuals living beyond their means and accumulating personal debt instead of savings. * The balance of payments problem is the trade deficit caused by the U.S. importing more than it exports, especially from China, draining money and goods from its economy. China has the greatest trade surplus in the world while the USA has the largest trade deficit in the world. * The leadership deficit is the lack of civic or political leaders willing to make it clear Americans must cut government spending, pay more taxes, save more of their personal income and use less imported materials.'] ['A warning of things to come is given in this featurette depicting a mock battle staged by German troops during the colorful ceremonies at Nuremberg on German Armed Forces Day 1935. The camera follows the soldiers from their early-morning preparations in their tent city as they march singing to the vast parade grounds where a miniature war involving infantry, cavalry, aircraft, flak guns and the first public appearance of Germany\'s new forbidden tank is presented before Hitler and thousands of spectators. The film ends with a montage of Nazi flags to the tune of "Das Deutschlandlied" and a shot of German planes flying overhead in a swastika formation.'] ['Except for the last shot of the film, the entire documentary takes place underwater with only titles and music by Eric Serra existing beyond the imagery.http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/contributor/1800022711/bio'] ["Thirty years ago, the Khmer Rouge perpetrated genocide upon their own people. Attempting to create a classless society, they killed nearly 1.7 million people, primarily the adult, educated and artistic population. Today, the children born to the uneducated, poverty-stricken survivors face a bleak future. With the farming lands in the countryside decimated and little opportunity in the cities, thousands of children are struggling to survive. Abandoned by destitute family members, or forced to work in order to support themselves and relatives, these children are left vulnerable and exposed. On the streets of the capital city of Phnom Penh, there are over 12,000 children living, begging and working. Through their eyes, their day-to-day heartbreaks, dangers and hopes come to life. After Saigonell, the Khmer Rouge took over Cambodia and killed 1.7 Million people in a former high school also known as S21 that also included rape, torture and a living hell. Now, you have children living in poverty near waste dumps going through the trash to find something to survive, to sell for money and getting sick and worse in the process. Small Voices: The Stories of Cambodia's Children is a heart-warming film by Heather E. Connell, who spent several years documenting the struggles of the garbage dump children of Cambodia. She brings the film to life through the sights and sounds of Phnom Penh and gives the film its soul through the voices of these children as they share stories of their lives and their dreams for the future. They are the first generation of children born to survivors of the Khmer Rouge and have learned to survive in an economy and society struggling to rebuild itself."] ['The marine-based documentary was mainly shot around Papua New Guinea, and is a collection of footage directed by Riefenstahl between the 1970s and 2000.{{cite web}} Other film locations included the Maldive Islands the Seychelles, Kenya, Tanzania, Indonesia, the Red Sea, the Cocos Islands  and the Caribbean Sea .{{cite book}}'] ['The filmmakers follow the journey of five American veterans from World War II, the Vietnam War, the Gulf War, and the Iraq War as they sign up, participate in battle and finally change their perspective about the real meaning of war and being a good soldier. At the end, The Good Soldier poses the question: "What is it that makes a good soldier? Is it the ability to kill other human beings?" The film is composed of candid interviews with the veterans, who marched eagerly to defend their country in 1944, 1966, 1991, or 2003 only to return conflicted by the atrocities they saw and participated in, and questioning what true service to your country really means, The juxtaposition of these searing interviews with jarring on-the-ground archival footage exposes the brutality of combat, and honors the bravery not only of those who fight, but those who fight for change. In ultimately choosing to work for peace in the world, the heroes profiled in this film, have begun to take steps towards peace with themselves as well.'] ["The film follows 18 months in the life of Viola Dees  as she tries to persuade Los Angeles authorities that she can care for her grandson, 9-year-old Walter. Born to a drug addicted mother, Walter was in foster care until Dees managed to get him released into her care at the age of four. He was a very disturbed child, traumatized by the death of his father and the disappearance of his mother, while still appearing bright and sweetly loving to his grandmother. The film focuses on the continuous battle against age discrimination faced by Dees and many like her. While contending with her own declining health, and a bureaucratic and legal system that continually threatens to force them apart, Dees fights the misconception that age supersedes one's ability to love and care for a child. The film continues to follow the family when life deals them several blows. Dees suffers a heart attack, provoking hostile and disturbed behavior from Walter who burns their house down when he sets a magazine ablaze in his room. When Walter is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, the doctors determine that Dees is no longer able to handle her grandson, and will not release him to her until she agrees to place him in long-term residential care. After a challenging search, Walter is accepted at an appropriate facility and thrives during his year there. However, when treatment is completed, social workers determine that Dees is too frail to care for him, and Walter is placed in a foster home. Walter's aunts and uncles are unable to take him in, possibly because they feel unqualified to deal with his often threatening and troubled behavior."] ['The following plot synopsis was published in conjunction with a 1915 showing of the film at Carnegie Hall: {{Quotation}}'] ['African Cats, referred to as a "true life adventure,"<ref nameThompson|first7 New Clips From Disneynature’s African Cats|url15 April 2011|newspaper15 April 2011}} tells the true story of two animal families in the wild by using real-life footage.<ref nameDisney\'s African Cats Trailer|url14 April 2011|newspaperDecember 7, 2010}} The film focuses on a young lion cub named Mara being raised by her mother, Layla, a mother cheetah named Sita who is raising five newborns, and Fang, the leader of Mara & her mother\'s pride defending his family from a banished lion. <ref nameAfrican Cats|urlDisney|accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20110203010327/http://disney.go.com/disneynature/africancats/| archivedate no}}<ref nameAfrican Cats|url7296|work14 April 2011}} With so many species competing for space and food in the savannah, the animals must figure out the best way to survive. The film begins by introducing Sita, a Cheetah in the Masai Mara, in Africa. She has just given birth to five cubs. Although cheetahs are solitary by nature, Sita now has her cubs to take care of, and teach before they each go their own way. Then we see Mara, a six month-old lion cub with her mother Layla, who both belong to the River pride. The pride\'s leader is Fang, an older lion who has a distinctive broken tooth thanks to an earlier fight. In the North of the Masai Mara, where Sita is caring for her cubs, another pride of lions is led by Kali, who wants to expand his pride by taking over Fang\'s southern pride. However, they cannot reach the southern pride as they are divided by a crocodile infested river. Sita\'s cubs are beginning to run and play when Kali and his four sons are on patrol. Sita, seeing it as a danger to her cubs, goads Kali and his sons so as to get them tired and away from her cubs. However after the confrontation, the cubs have scattered. Sita calls for her cubs throughout the night, and as it gets darker, other predators are seen and heard. In the morning, three of the five cubs have returned to Sita. Although she continues to call to them, it is known that the remaining cubs were taken by the hyenas. Meanwhile, Layla is injured by the kick of a zebra during a hunt. As the Wildebeest begin to migrate to greener pastures, so does the River pride. However, due to her injury and her older age, Layla has trouble keeping up. Mara stays beside her mother and helps on her way. Soon though they begin to lose track of the pride. Knowing that Mara needs the pride, Layla forces through her injury, and they soon find themselves with the River pride once more. As time passes, Sita\'s cubs have grown more, and begin to show more of their cheetah nature. One day, three older Cheetah brothers roaming about zone in on Sita. Again, Sita finds herself having to divert attention so that they do not find her cubs. However, being fellow Cheetahs, they do not tire as easily as lions and soon the brothers have separated Sita from her cubs. As they circle the cubs, the cubs stand their ground and hiss at the bullies, but before the older Cheetah brothers can do anything, a passing Elephant chases them away. Some time later, the river that separates the River pride and the northern pride has lessened enough so that Kali and one of his sons can cross. They head towards the River pride and Fang, seeing Kali and his son approach, runs away. Knowing that Mara would be killed by Kali, Layla stands up to Kali and tries to run him off. Seeing what Layla is doing, the rest of the lionesses fight back against Kali and his son, successfully running out Kali. Fang returns to his pride and life begins as usual for the pride. However, Layla was injured even further during the fight. Seeing that she might not make it, for Mara\'s sake she goes to her sister Malaika, who has cubs of her own and reconnects with her so as to maintain a spot for Mara on the pride. Once she sees that Mara will be accepted by her sister, Layla slips away from the pride to find a nice quiet place. After she finds it, she is seen lying down, having died. As more time goes by, Kali returns with his four sons in tow. Although his sons have shown signs of betraying their father with ideas of dethroning him, Kali is still strong and shows them who wears the crown. As they return to take over, Fang runs away, never to be seen of again. Kali takes over the pride, and runs off Fang\'s cubs including Mara. Her male cousins are seen as a threat to Kali, so he & his sons hunt them down. Seeing that they can no longer stay in the south, they cross the river. But the river has grown since Kali crossed, & the crocodiles are a threat. As they near the north, one of the male cubs is nearly caught by the crocodiles. But they both reach land unscathed. The lionesses refuse Kali as their leader, the wound of losing their cubs still fresh in their minds. Mara, banished by her pride, tries to live on her own. However, she was banished before she was taught to hunt and finds her first attempts at catching meals, even a small Warthog, unsuccessful. She learns that there are benefits in belonging to a pride. Soon the Wildebeest return, and the Lionesses begin to hunt for their new cubs, Kali\'s offspring. Mara successfully hunts and feasts. Soon after she proves herself to the pride & is welcomed back. Meanwhile, Sita and her cubs, who are now young adults, have been having a tranquil time. Sita begins to prepare her cubs by teaching them to hunt. They practice on a Serval & a Jackal. Then they encounter Kali\'s pride & learn to avoid & outrun lions. Sita, seeing that her cubs are ready to forge their own path, leaves them and returns to the solitary life of a Cheetah. At the end of the film, the narrator  shows Mara & Sita\'s cubs as an example of a mother\'s love.'] ['"I was ten and it was the best time of my life. In Bourguiba\'s independent Tunisia disappointment was starting to knock on the door, but a few of us had a common secret: We were the sons and daughters of Communists. Sh..." When they were 20 they were fighting for Tunisia\'s independence, and they were full of hope. Did they wait too long for the country to mature? Or did time fly by too fast for their dreams? This documentary sketches a special portrait of the progressive militants in Tunisia right after Independence was declared and wonders what heritage was left...'] ["In Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey, Lohan meets and interviews victims of human trafficking in Delhi, Kolkata and a village in West Bengal. They talk about the exploitation and abuse they have experienced, describing sexual slavery, physical abuse and difficulties in bringing their traffickers to justice. She also talks to a former trafficker and parents of trafficked children. One trafficked boy says that he can not go back home because his mother is ill. A mother who trafficked her daughter describes how her family did not have enough food, and how even though they never received the promised payments for her daughter's work, at least she was fed. Lohan visits the Sanlaap centre, a women's and children's shelter in Kolkata. The centre offers dance therapy as part of their treatment and a group of girls perform a dance they have rehearsed. She talks to girls who had been held at a brothel and they describe being raped and drugged. The director of the Sanlaap centre describes how Lohan taking an interest in trafficking might inspire other young people to get involved in counteracting exploitation. Bharti Ali, director of the NGO Centre for Child Rights, criticizes the government for not prioritizing child protection. Returning home, Lohan and the film crew are chased by paparazzi photographers at the airport. Two months later, Lohan is in London, England talking to Kate Redman, from Save the Children UK, who describes how one of the issues with government intervention is that only sex and drug trafficking is illegal. She also advocates raising awareness of the issues with trafficking."] ['Rosa von Praunheim, a controversial German film director, Introduces the premiere of his new film before a live audience. A moviegoer leaps to his feet and shoots him. Gesine Ganzman-Seipel, a disdainful TV reporter, is assigned to do a mockumentary series on the victim\'s debauched existence and his career as a dilettante artist. The mystery surrounding von Praunheim\'s death is fueled by the disappearance of the corpse. Gesine begins to investigate upon the dirt of von Praunheim notoriously hedonistic life. She insinuates herself into von Praunheim\'s private life, duping his mother into providing access to his personal belongings. The mother flips through a photo album commenting: "I\'ve survived two world wars; living with him is the third". The reporter retraces the earliest efforts of an oeuvre encompassing nearly 50 films and recalls the part Rosa von Praunheim played in the birth of the German gay movement in the 1970s. She also interviews von Praunheim\'s acquaintances and shows short clips from Rosas old movies. Her main aim is to provide sensational and shocking details from Rosa\'s life. Initially disgusted at the depravity she unearths, the reporter reads his love letters and hate mail, traces clues and anonymous tip-offs, prowls public toilets and other seedy hangouts, talking to the deceased\'s neighbors, ex-lovers, stars of his films and bizarre family members. Some of the eccentric menagerie refuse to talk. Others are only too willing to divulge personal information, like Evelyn Kunneke, who claims von Praunheim\'s homosexuality was an attention-seeking device and that he really loved her. Gesine follows von Praunheim\'s tracks to New York and meets a former flame; he recalls Rosa\'s horrifying eating habits and his appalling practice of playing Bavarian folk tunes on his foreskin. Gesine becomes increasingly dedicated to her assignment and possibly even more sympathetic to her subject\'s cause. However soon after she promises viewers details of von Praunheim\'s affairs with prominent businessmen and high-ranking government, church and military officials. von Praunheim\'s diaries containing the evidence vanish and the series is axed due to dismal ratings. Gesine perseveres regardless, eventually discovering the truth. It turns out that nearly everybody had some reason to kill Rosa. Finally Gesine discovers Rosa at a boat where he is kept prisoner by some of his old enemies. She frees him, and the movie ends.'] ['To a large extent, the film consists of interviews with genocide survivors, many of whom were children in 1994. In all, over thirty survivors, perpetrators, and experts were interviewed for the film. In these interviews, the survivors discuss what it means to be a Rwandan and to live next door to people who killed their families. The survivors describe how they deal with their country\'s request that they forgive one another and move on, so that Rwanda can rebuild and unify itself. Perpetrators\' views illuminate the madness that seized the culture in 1994; exploring the experience of apologizing to victims, and examining what it is like to be looked at as a murderer in Rwandan society. According to Flower in the Gun Barrel, there were a series of events that led to the genocide. The colonization of Rwanda, first by the Germans and then by the Belgians, led to conditions wherein the citizens of Rwanda were intentionally pitted against one another. As a means of dividing and conquering, the Belgian occupiers took what had been primarily economic distinctions between Rwandans and turned them into ethnic distinctions instead. Previously, a Tutsi was defined as a Tutsi if he owned more than ten cows. A Hutu owned less than ten cows and usually worked in the fields. Creating an ethnic class and empowering the Tutsi as "upper class" created hatred and jealousy between these newly imposed "tribes". In 1959, the Belgians left Rwanda and Hutus quickly took over the government. There was a series of battles between the Hutu and the Tutsi between 1959 and 1994, during which Tutsis would often take sanctuary in churches in order to survive. Knowing this, the Hutu government in 1994 forged partnerships with several Catholic priests, prefects, and nuns, such that this time no Tutsi could be saved. There were innumerable massacres in churches and convents; sometimes officiated by the priests and nuns themselves. In a country of seven million people, one million were killed in one hundred days. The Hutu government succeeded in killing 75% of the Tutsi population. After 100 days, the RPF stopped the fighting and a year later, over 100,000 perpetrators were in prison. This put an impossible strain on both the economy and the judicial system. The new Rwandan government, led by both Tutsis and Hutus, responded by creating the Gacaca  court system. Previously, the Gacaca courts were used to settle domestic disputes and small crimes. Suddenly, the courts were asked to resolve issues of genocide and murder; overwhelming tasks for untrained judges. Prisoners were told that if they admitted their crimes and apologized to their victims, they would be set free. This created a certain amount of doubt amongst the victims, as to the level of contrition the perpetrators actually felt. Nevertheless, the Rwandan government has appealed to both sides to forgive, so that their children can grow up in a united country. They have rewritten the Constitution of Rwanda so that the country is required to have a plurality of power between Hutus and Tutsis. There is a new national anthem calling for unity. The reality for most Rwandans is that reconciliation is a daily struggle. Hutus live ashamed of what they did, and Tutsis live with the bitter memory of what happened while they try to forgive. It is this struggle that "Flower in the Gun Barrel" depicts. Flower in the Gun Barrel is the first documentary feature by director Gabriel Cowan. The Rwandan community has invited the film to have a preview showing at their annual gathering in July, 2008. It is produced by Amiee Clark and Monica Forouzesh and edited by Woo Tony Joun. The film is narrated by Martin Sheen.'] ['Chronos is 42 minutes long and has no actors or dialog. The soundtrack consists of a single continuous piece by composer Michael Stearns. Filmed in dozens of locations on five continents, the film relates to the concept of time passing on different scales—the bulk of the film covers the history of civilization, from pre-history to Egypt to Rome to Late Antiquity to the rise of Western Europe in the Middle Ages to the Renaissance to the modern era. It centers on European themes but not exclusively. Other time scales include the passing of seasons, and the passing of night and day, and the passing shadows of the sun in an afternoon to the passing of people on the street. These themes are intermingled with symbolic meaning.'] ['In Freedom Park, a squatter settlement in South Africa, a group of HIV-infected former sex-workers, created a network called Tapologo. They learned to nurse their community, transforming degradation into solidarity and squalor into hope. Catholic bishop Kevin Dowling participates in Tapologo, and raises doubts on the official doctrine of the Catholic Church regarding AIDS and sexuality in the African context.'] ['The daily life of a young boy who lives off the dump, like all those surrounding him. This is the place he grew up in, that fed him and where he finds the articles he sells to survive. This film tenderly recounts the harsh and humble life of dump dwellers.'] ['Jazz Mama offers a portrait of Congolese women, courageous and industrious despite the vicissitudes and the turbulences of life. While sexual violence is indeed a devastating problem, these women are often not only survivors but the pillars of the community.'] ['The documentary tells the story of a group of Australian human rights activists, who travel on an old bus, the Freedom Bus, to visit asylum seekers imprisoned in immigration detention centres across the country, and to educate Australian communities on their 12,000-kilometres-journey. As the first civilians, they visited the detainees in some of the most remote parts of the country, like the detention centres in Port Hedland, and Curtin, and managed to expose some of the human rights violations committed against the asylum seekers in the camps.'] ["It is divided into ten scenes, each of which depict a conversation between an unchanging female driver  and a variety of passengers as she drives around Tehran. Her passengers include her young son , her sister, a bride, a prostitute, and a woman on her way to prayer. One of the major plots during the film is the driver's divorce from her  husband, and the conflict that this causes between mother and son."] ['In Samba On Your Feet  the filmmakers go behind the Carioca milieu to document samba and carnival. The one-hour documentary traces the influences that contributed to shape the music that consecrated Carnival as one of the most powerful cultural manifestations in Brazil. Roots and perspectives, flesh and ghosts, entities and divinities spread across the slums and over the sidewalks of Salvador, Bahia and Rio de Janeiro are essential to the make-up of the Brazilian musical exponent par excellence. Samba On Your Feet introduces the voices of Cartola, Caetano Veloso, Ismael Silva, Clara Nunes, Clementina and many others whose perspectives on the cultural affairs of Rio de Janeiro that have been carefully articulated with interviews to exponents of the Brazilian culture today. This dialogue between past and present takes place throughout the movie between precious scenes of archive footage from private collection, and government resources. Samba On Your Feet was mostly shot in the marginal slums, in the umbanda terreiros, in the favelas where the less fortunate inhabitants of Rio strive to overcome overwhelming rates crime and illiteracy to the rhythm and soul of the music they call samba.Filmmakers LibraryJanela Cultural. Joao Pessoa, Brazil Samba On Your Feet has participate at the Toulouse Film Festival, France 2008; Rio International Film Festival, Brazil 2006; Buenos Aires Independent Film Festival  Argentina 2007; and Toronto Film Festival, Canada 2007. Samba On Your Feet is currently being screened at campuses throughout the United States, and abroad.'] ['April, 1994. Genocide in Rwanda. 800,000 dead. A catastrophe that upset the balance in the entire region. The Great Lakes region of Africa ended the year with a bloodbath. This documentary shows the intrigues, the dramatic effects, the treasons, the vengeances that prevailed over those years and whose only goal was to maintain or increase each faction’s area of influence. In just ten years, the population saw all their hopes vanish: The dream of an Africa in control of its own destiny, alimentary self-sufficiency, the end of interethnic conflicts.{{cite news}}'] ['The film opens with a strange dance number that continually gets interrupted by Leigh Bowery and his friends , who keep walking over to a table of fruit. Michael Clark wakes up and begins rehearsing. Other members of the Company gradually arrive. A reporter calls, then drops by to interview Clark; they discuss how he started dancing and came to London, as well as his interest in traditional Scottish dance. Clark appears on a TV program with Mark E. Smith and Brix Smith. Gaby Agis walks by the river, musing about how she should find her own apartment . The Company performs scenes from New Puritans. Julie Hood\'s boyfriend, meanwhile, is shown wandering London. Clark and Agis shoot a scene in a film. Clark visits Bowery, who along with his friends Trojan and Rachel, are "getting ready"  for the clubs. Clark leaves for a rendezvous with "a date," then heads out to a clubs himself, where he dance. Finally, at pre-dawn, he heads home, where Agis is already in bed. Clark strips and dances to Elvis\'s "Are You Lonesome Tonight?"'] ["For six years, director Daniel Cross followed the lives of brothers Danny and John Claven and Frank O'Malley—three homeless men who spent much of their time in and around a Montreal subway station. Cross became intimately involved with the three men's lives, chronicling the evolution of their years on the street, and their cycles of addiction and recovery, hope and despair. The Street was filmed in a cinema verité style. The Steet was the winner of a Special Jury Award for Documentaries at the Vancouver International Film Festival in 1996 and the People's Choice Award at the 1997 Canadian International Documentary Film Awards in TorontoOfficial text from NFB page of the documentary"] ['a/k/a Tommy Chong is a film depicting Tommy Chong of Cheech and Chong and his legal problems with The Department of Justice. Filmmaker Josh Gilbert follows the tale of Chong as he becomes a target in a government sting, code named "Operation Pipe Dreams". Tommy Chong was the only defendant without a prior conviction to receive a jail sentence. The federal government stated that the reason that it sought this harsh punishment was because of the comedy movie Up In Smoke trivialized the government\'s anti-drug efforts. The documentary discloses that Tommy Chong\'s son, who actually ran the company which sold the paraphernalia was never charged or indicted by the Federal government. In May 2008 federal agents raided the owner of the distribution rights to this DVD. The documentary is critical of the prosecution of Chong by the U.S. federal government led by the U.S. attorney for western Pennsylvania, Mary Beth Buchanan.'] ['The Buddha\'s Wife is the final film in the Women of Tibet trilogy of one-hour documentaries exploring the Buddhist values at the heart of Tibetan culture — compassion, nonviolence and peace.http://www.inquiringmind.com/Articles/WomenOfTibet.html Forced by the demands of modern living we delve into what it means to follow a spiritual path while reexamining traditional roles. This film seeks to shed light on what happens when two primal forces, the Divine Feminine and the Sacred Masculine, begin to work together to create a more harmonious and peaceful world. This story begins long before the Buddha was the Buddha. As the story of Yashodhara\'s marriage to Siddhartha unfolds, the film takes us on a journey into the profound changes we all experience on our quest to become fully realized human beings. We learn that theirs was a sacred marriage, a karmic journey across time and space. He destined to become the Buddha, she, the Buddha\'s Wife. By using their story as a metaphor, we learn from Dr. Angeles Arrien that "sacred marriage" is an esoteric term for two life force energies living within each of us, a dynamic force and a magnetic force. Rev. Dr. Matthew Fox explains that we all have these two energies, the feminine and masculine, inside each of us, whether we\'re male or female. His Holiness the Dalai Lama shares his struggles as a young man bringing these two forces into balance. He describes these forces as the positive and negative energies in all living things, and how when they are in balance, a person becomes stronger. Rinchen Khando and Tendzin Choegyal  share what they\'ve learned from each other during their 37 years of marriage and how integrating these two life forces within themselves individually has helped develop each of them spiritually. Ogyen Trinley Dorje, The 17th Karmapa talks about his experience of being in a male body, yet in his everyday life he has a strong feminine emotion, and relates childhood memories that affected how he developed his inner feminine. And then Tibetan Oracles and Mediums, Lhamo Yudronma, Khandro Choechen, and Khando Lhamo Tseringma bridge heaven and earth, past and future, known and unknown, showing us that there are "sacred marriages" to be found everywhere and in everything we do.'] ['Where is Africa going to? After forty years of regained independence, the African continent is in turmoil and is struggling with its contradictions, between its desire to be liberated from its colonial supervision and its dependence on the goodwill and the charity of rich countries. This film is a forum through which Africans themselves are asked about the way they see their continent and its leaders.'] ['The first filmmaker arrived in Equatorial Guinea in 1904. The last movie theatre closed in Malabo in the decade of the nineties. In 2011, during the II African Film Festival of Equatorial Guinea, the Marfil Movie Theatre reopened its doors. Florencio, Ángel and Estrada tells us how cinema has been, and is still, present in their lives.'] ['This is a film documentary on Serbia, and the horns and brass. In Serbia trumpets play in the popular feasts where people dance and sing, but they also play in funerals: trumpet music accompanies the deceased also in his last trip. Not surprisingly, the trumpet became an emotional part of the life of Serbian people.'] ['Islam: What the West Needs to Know argues that Islam is a violent religion bent on world domination. The documentary uses passages from the canonical texts of Islam as its source material. It is presented in six parts: :1. There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is his Prophet: In the first part, various commentators argue that Islamic violence stems from the teachings and examples of Muhammad and that the Qur\'an prescribes and sanctions violence against non-Muslims. :2. The Struggle: In the second part, Walid Shoebat defines the word "Jihad" to mean the struggle to impose Allah\'s will over the earth, resulting in holy war against the non-Muslim world to bring it under the rule of Islam. :3. Expansion: In the third part, Bat Ye\'or describes the expansion of Islam through conquest and presents historical evidence of enslavement and massacres of Christians, Jews, Zoroastrians and Hindus by Muslim invaders. :4. War is Deceit: In the fourth part, Robert Spencer and Serge Trifkovic discuss the Islamic principle of Taqiyya, Islamic dissimulation, which, the lecturers argue, enjoins Muslims to deceive non-Muslims to advance the cause of Islam. :5. More than a Religion: In the fifth part, the documentary asserts that "Islamic law governs every aspect of religious, political, and personal action, which amounts to a form of totalitarianism that is divinely enjoined to dominate the world, analogous in many ways to Communism". :6. The House of War: The final part covers the division of the world into Dar al-Islam , the land governed by the Islamic law, and Dar al-Harb , the land of non-Muslims. According to the film, Muslims are enjoined to bring the Dar al-Harb under the control of Islam. The film argues, "Muslims in Western nations are called to subvert the secular regimes in which they now live in accordance with Allah\'s command."\'About the project\''] ["Directors and producers Ivan Kral and No Wave filmmaker Amos Poe use actual behind-the-scenes footage of punk musicians before they became icons – Iggy Pop, Blondie, Patti Smith. Also, there is The Ramones, Television, Talking Heads, New York Dolls, The Heartbreakers, The Shirts, Wayne County, Robert Gordon as visitors to New York's CBGB's, Film locations include Max's Kansas City, Bottom Line, Bowery, and the Lower East Side."] ["The documentary takes an in-depth at the Tom Family which mostly consists of children that were rejected by their birth families due to mental or physical disabilities. The film is broken up into seasons starting out with family taking part in Halloween in the fall and ending in the Summer of the upcoming year. The family's unconventional home-life becomes a foundation for the supports, challenges, and successes that they face daily."] ['Beyond the fun and sporty, it is clear that football has become part of the idiosyncrasies of people. In Mexico it is a religion, it is a phenomenon that promotes an inexplicable passion.'] ['David Rouiller, the son of Claude Rouiller a university Professor and a former President of the Swiss Federal Supreme Court, gives up a comfortable lifestyle in Switzerland and commits his life to the ideals of the Kurdish movement. Is he an adventurer, a dreamer, an idealist, a hero? Is his commitment visionary or illusionary? The film, "David the Tolhildan" encourages viewers to confront their own outlook on oppression, respect, human dignity, freedom, and violence. It also provides an impressive, realistic and up-to-date view of the current situation of the Kurdish freedom movement.'] ['The film documents the lives of lesser flamingos on the isolated shores of Lake Natron in northern Tanzania, revealing the breeding and parenting habits of the species. After mating, the flamingos breed chicks that grow up, always on the move trying to enjoy their lives. Along their journeys, they encounter vicious marabou storks  who kill many unborn and newly born chicks and a villainous spotted hyena who takes no pity on the elderly flamingos. As the film progresses, it focuses on the life of one of the chicks that at birth is separated from her mother and the flamingo clan when the Storks attack. On her own, she successfully dodges the Storks and rejoins the clan of flamingos where she grows up. With no mother or father to look up to, the mid sized flamingo has to teach itself the key habits of the species. She successfully grows up to become a large, pink feathered flamingo and survives when the clan is attacked by the Hyena. Her story is focused on to show the strength and determination for life the flamingos have.'] ['The documentary follows the adventure of a young meerkat who is forced to leave his home by a group of meerkats who wanted more territory. Lost in the African savannah, he tries to reunite with his family, but encounters large, fierce, and deadly creatures.'] ['The documentary follows the villagers of Jalsindhi – a village in Madhya Pradesh on the banks of the Narmada River about 10 miles upstream from the Sardar Sarovar project - through their battle against the dam. The lead character is Luharia Sonkaria, who is the village’s medicine man, a role that was his father’s and grandfather’s before him. The government provides them no viable alternatives - they offer unusable land a hundred miles away or a small sum of money in compensation for their river-side land. The film documents hunger strikes, rallies, and a six year Supreme Court case, and finally follows the villagers as the dam fills and the river starts to rise. The documentary features Arundhati Roy, who has been an outspoken activist bringing international attention to the controversy.'] ['Commissioned by NBC television producer Peter Goldfarb in 1968 to do an hour-long program on his work, Fellini filmed a "sort of semihumourous introduction"Alpert, 202 to past and future plans: the recently abandoned project, The Voyage of G. Mastorna, and his latest work-in-progress, Fellini Satyricon.Kezich, 278'] ["The film combines clips from Tarkovsky's films with footage of Tarkovsky on the set of his last film The Sacrifice and on his deathbed, during the final stage of his battle with cancer. The film mostly relies on images, with only sparse commentary, and concentrates mainly on giving insight into Tarkovsky's work and philosophy and on exploring the intersections between his private life and his work. The film starts with a scene from Tarkovsky first film Ivan's Childhood and ends with a parallel scene from his last film The Sacrifice. It shows the reunion of Tarkovsky with his son Andrei Jr., who had been allowed to leave the Soviet Union only after Tarkovsky was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer.<ref namehttp://www.filmweb.pl/f120969/Cin%C3%A9ma+de+notre+temps++une+journ%C3%A9e+d'Andrei+Arsenevitch,2000|titleFilmweb.pl|language2008-09-01}}"] ['This documentary film addresses the birth and evolution of hardcore punk rock from 1978 to 1986 . The documentary boasts extensive underground footage shot during the height of the hardcore movement. It features exclusive interviews with early hardcore punk music artists from bands such as Black Flag, Minor Threat, Bad Brains, and many more.'] ['Caught up the fervor of the Chinese Revolution, He abandoned her plans to study at university and took a job at the Gansu Daily newspaper. Her husband, fellow journalist Wang Jingchao, wrote several critical essays at the height of the Hundred Flowers Campaign. With the launch of the subsequent Anti-Rightist Movement, Wang was attacked for these statements, and He was condemned by association. The two were sent to separate labor camps, where Wang eventually died.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/index.asp?layoutreview&reviewid1 |title2008-05-03 |lastRobert |dateVariety }} He Fengming was released, briefly imprisoned again during the Cultural Revolution,<ref namehttp://www.longpauses.com/blog/2007/09/tiff-days-1-and-2.html |title2008-05-03 |lastDarren |dateLong Pauses }} and finally rehabilitated. In the early 1990s she published a memoir, My Life in 1957.<ref namehttp://www.cinema-scope.com/cs31/int_koehler_wangbing.html |title2008-05-03 |lastRobert |dateCinema Scope }}'] ['The film features many voices from six continents calling for systemic economic change. The documentary describes a world moving simultaneously in two opposing directions. While government and big business continue to promote globalization and the consolidation of corporate power, people around the world are resisting those policies and working to forge a very different future. Communities are coming together to re-build more human scale, ecological economies based on a new paradigm: an economics of localization.'] ["The documentary examines the steroid use of director Christopher Bell's two brothers, Smelly and Mad Dog,http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1151309/ who all grew up idolizing Arnold Schwarzenegger, Hulk Hogan, and Sylvester Stallone, and also features professional athletes, medical experts, fitness center members, and US Congressmen talking about the issue of anabolic steroids. Beyond the basic issue of anabolic steroid use, Bigger, Stronger, Faster* examines the lack of consistency in how America views drugs, cheating, and the lengths people go to achieve success. The film looks beyond the steroid issue to such topics as Tiger Woods' laser eye correction to 20/15 vision, professional musicians use of blood pressure reducing drugs, or athletes' dependence on cortisone shots, which are a legal steroid. It takes a skeptical view of the health risks of steroids and is critical of the legal health supplement industry."] ['The program consists mostly of videos  around the song selection, interspersed with occasional slices of Lennon and Ono\'s life together, and also fantasy and "gag" sequences. In one of these, a succession of men  escort Ono over and over through a doorway; in another, John and Yoko lose each other on the Tittenhurst grounds, and go looking.'] ['The filmmaker finds himself in frequent conflict with his son, who is no longer the delightful child the father loved, but an argumentative young adult who inhabits virtual worlds available through the internet. To the father, the son seems to be addicted to and permanently distracted by those worlds. The filmmaker undertakes a journey to St. Quay-Portrieux in Brittany where he worked for a spring as a wedding photographer’s assistant at age 24 –slightly older than his son is now. He has not been back to St. Quay since that visit, and hopes to gain some perspective on what his own life was like when he was his son’s age. He also hopes to track down his former employer, a fascinating Frenchman named Maurice, and Maud, a woman with whom he was romantically involved during that spring 38 years ago. Photographic Memory is a meditation on the passing of time, the praxis of photography and film, digital versus analog, and the fractured love of a father for his son.'] ["The film chronicles O'Grady's years as a priest in Northern California, where he committed his crimes. After being convicted of child molestation and serving seven years in prison, O'Grady was deported to his native Ireland, where Berg interviewed him in 2005. Additionally, the film presents trial documents, videotaped depositions, and interviews with activists, theologians, psychologists and lawyers which suggest that not only were Church officials aware of O'Grady's crimes, they actively took steps to conceal them.{{cite web}}"] ["Our Children Will Accuse Us tells the story of an initiative in Barjac, a commune located in the Gard department in southern France, that decided to introduce organic produce into the town's school cafeteria. The film depicts without concessions the environmental tragedy which threatens the young generation: the poisoning of our country sides by agricultural pesticides  and the harm caused to public health and safety."] ["Why We Bang starts by depicting a short history of African-American organizations and communities during the 60's and 70's such as the Black Panthers. It is then suggested that these organizations were infiltrated by the CIA, eventually leading to the division of the then more unified African-American community, and again leading to the establishment of new violent street gangs. After this interviews with several current and former members, and relatives, of the Los Angeles street gangs the Crips and Bloods are shown, with changing contexts. This ranges from being about why the interviewed are involved in gang activity, to the problems and trouble with the gangs and eventually to if and how the problems can be solved. A part of the film does for example follow a number of mothers of sons who has been murdered by gang violence talking about their experiences and views. A Nation of Islam leader is also amongst those followed by interviews through the film."] ['In May 2008, Josh Fox received a letter from a natural gas company offering to lease his family’s land in Milanville, Pennsylvania for $100,000 to drill for gas.Australia\'s Special Broadcasting Service  film page on Gasland. 2010-11-19 Fox then set out to see how communities are being affected in the west where a natural gas drilling boom has been underway for the last decade. He spent time with citizens in their homes and on their land as they relayed their stories of natural gas drilling in Colorado, Wyoming, Utah and Texas, among others. He spoke with residents who have experienced a variety of chronic health problems directly traceable to contamination of their air, of their water wells or of surface water. In some instances, the residents are reporting that they obtained a court injunction or settlement monies from gas companies to replace the affected water supplies with potable water or water purification kits.Quoted from the Gasland documentary itself, at about minutes 35-40. Throughout the documentary, Fox reached out to scientists, politicians and gas industry executives and ultimately found himself in the halls of Congress as a subcommittee was discussing the Fracturing Responsibility and Awareness of Chemicals Act, "a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to repeal a certain exemption for hydraulic fracturing."111th United States Congress. "S. 1215: Fracturing Responsibility and Awareness of Chemicals  Act." 2010-04-27 Hydraulic fracturing was exempted from the Safe Drinking Water Act in the Energy Policy Act of 2005.Energy Policy Act of 2005. Pub. L. 109-58, TITLE III, Subtitle C, SEC. 322. Hydraulic fracturing. 2011-02-06'] ['Following the 2001 United States-led invasion and the overthrow of the Taliban government, bodybuilding has enjoyed a renaissance in Afghanistan. The film follows the lives of two Afghan bodybuilding champions, Hamidullah Shirzai and Noorulhoda Shirzad, who are part of the national team training for the 2004 Mr. Asia competition in Bahrain. Although the men enjoy celebrity status in their country, their training is hampered by a lack of financial support, problems in gaining access to the bodybuilding supplements and professional guidance that would improve their competitive performances, and the ongoing military conflict across Afghanistan. Hamid also has the added burden of being nagged by his father to settle down and marry and by the abrupt withdrawal of support by a gym owner who once encouraged his progress. The Afghan national team arrives in Bahrain for the Mr. Asia event, but the more flamboyant competitors from other countries overshadow them.“Afghan Muscles,” Film Threat, December 7, 2008'] ["In 2003, seven children had aspirations for their futures. Revisiting the neighbourhood and the children eight years later, L’Est pour toujours documents the progress they have made in their lives. Marianne Racine reconnected with his father, only to find he lives in Vancouver and does not speak French. Maxime Desjardins-Tremblay has combined work and study as a film and television actor. Though wishing to become a rapper, he still gets caught up in problems with street gangs. Proulx-Roy and Jean-Roch Beauregard, having spent time in youth centers and reform schools, are both still seeking their paths in life. Valérie Allard has aspirations of working with others through social services. Samantha Goyer has completed school. At 21, Vanessa Dumont is the oldest of the seven. She looks far younger than her biological age, but this affects her search for both job and boyfriend, and she deals with dark moods. The film shares how a person's future is not always determined by where they grew up."] ['Ultimatum is a documentary that illustrates the entire story of the Bible and its message.{{cite web}} It outlines the lineage from Adam to Noah, Noah to Abraham, Abraham to David and David to Jesus. The presentation recounts the prophets of the Old Testament and the prophecies fulfilled in the New Testament. From Genesis to the Revelation, the message of the Gospel is presented.'] ['Fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of Russian film pioneer Dziga Vertov, a filmmaker decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child. This visionary quest begins on the operating table where a surgeon grafts a prototype ocular implant into his eye socket. Seeking a microscopic camera that could be incorporated into his artificial eye so he could secretly film whatever he sees, the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could make this possible, while revisiting chapters of his own past.'] ['The official website describes the film, "Expanding on the themes they developed in Baraka  and Chronos , Samsara explores the wonders of our world from the mundane to the miraculous, looking into the unfathomable reaches of man’s spirituality and the human experience. Neither a traditional documentary nor a travelogue, Samsara takes the form of a nonverbal, guided meditation."{{cite web}}'] ['Metallica is forced to examine their nature and their very existence as bassist Jason Newsted quits the band and frontman James Hetfield abruptly leaves the group to enter a rehabilitation facility due to alcohol abuse. Metallica\'s management Q-Prime hires "performance-enhancing coach" Phil Towle to help the group better understand one another as friends, bandmates and human beings. Towle is frequently yet erroneously referred to as a "therapist," since he voluntarily revoked his own license from the Kansas Behavioral Science\'s Regulatory Board in the early 1990s for "trying to improperly convince clients to continue treatment." A glimpse of this impropriety is captured on film, as the members of Metallica decide that Towle\'s services are no longer required; Towle attempts to convince them that they still need him, saying "We\'ve still got some trust issues that I think we need to sort out.".http://www.psychflix.com/articles.html Former Metallica guitarist Dave Mustaine also appears briefly in a scene in which, as part of Lars Ulrich\'s therapy, he confronts the guitarist regarding the decision to fire him early in the band\'s career for his excessive drinking. The two had not had any personal contact for many years and Mustaine speaks frankly about his resentment stemming from his dismissal without the opportunity to redeem himself with an alcoholism treatment program. Mustaine also speaks of how, despite achieving success with his own group, Megadeth, he still endures ridicule from Metallica fans, which has diminished the enjoyment of his own success. Of particular note is the perceived "power struggle" between Hetfield and drummer Ulrich – best friends for more than two decades who are finally beginning to understand one another. In one of the film\'s more memorable scenes, Ulrich confesses that he resents Hetfield\'s need to control everything, even when Hetfield is not present; a stipulation of Hetfield\'s rehab release required him to work only four hours per day from noon to 4 p.m. so he could spend time with his family. Hetfield subsequently objected to the rest of the band working on or even listening to recorded material when he was not present. The scene ends with Ulrich starting to curse under his breath, before finally getting nose-to-nose with his Hetfield and roaring "Fuck!" In a scene where Hetfield, Ulrich, Kirk Hammett, and several others are discussing titles for the album, Hetfield suggests to use the name of the song "St. Anger." Many of the other people in the scene agree that it is a good title; however Ulrich prefers "Frantic," which would become the first track on the album. Ulrich is eventually convinced that "Frantic," as an album title, would suggest a perceived lack of focus by the band. The film contains many excerpts from the studio of unreleased tracks Like "Shadow of the Cross", "Dead Kennedy rolls", "Riff" and "More than this ". The only unreleased song that can be heard fully is "Temptation". The movie also addresses the early 2001 departure of longtime member Newsted. He is interviewed, and footage of his own group, Echobrain, both in rehearsal and playing live, is shown. In one scene, an apparently impressed Ulrich states that "Echobrain is the future" after he and Hammett watch the band perform live. Footage is shown from public auditions the band held to find a replacement bass player. In a scene after Robert Trujillo\'s audition, guitarist Hammett notes that he uses his fingers to play, rather than a pick and mentions that it "hasn\'t been that way since Cliff Burton", Metallica\'s bassist before Jason Newsted. The band members later concur that Trujillo was the only bassist of those auditioning who didn\'t appear to be struggling with Metallica\'s material.'] [' A scholarly dissertation on the appearances of demons and witches in primitive and medieval culture, a number of photographs of statuary, paintings, and woodcuts are used as demonstrative pieces. In addition, several large scale models are employed to demonstrate medieval concepts of the structure of the solar system and the commonly accepted depiction of Hell.  A series of vignettes theatrically demonstrating medieval superstition and beliefs concerning witchcraft, including Satan  tempting a sleeping woman away from her husband\'s bed and terrorizing a group of monks. Also shown is a woman purchasing a love potion from a supposed witch, and a sequence showing a supposed witch dreaming of flying through the air and attending a witches\' gathering.  A long narrative broken up into several parts; set in the Middle Ages, it concerns an old woman accused of witchcraft by a dying man\'s family. The narrative is used to demonstrate the treatment of suspected witches by the religious authorities of the time. The old woman, after being tortured, admits to heavy involvement in witchcraft, including detailed descriptions of a Witches\' Sabbath, even going so far as to "name" other supposed witches, including two of the women in the dying man\'s household. Eventually, the dying man\'s wife is arrested as a witch when she admits that she falsely accused the old woman of witchcraft.  The final part of the film seeks to demonstrate how the superstitions of old are better understood now. Christensen seeks to make the claim that most who were accused of witchcraft were possibly mentally ill, and in modern times, such behavior is interpreted as a disease. His case revolves around vignettes about a somnambulist and a kleptomaniac, the implication being that these behaviors would have been thought of as demonically-influenced in medieval times whereas modern times recognizes them as psychological ailments. There is heavy irony, however, in the observation that the "temperate shower of the clinic" i.e. the treatment of "hysterical women" in a modern institution, has replaced medieval solutions such as burning at the stake.'] ["Over the course of a calendar year, Earth takes the viewer on a journey from the North Pole in January to the South in December, revealing how plants and animals respond to the power of the sun and the changing seasons. The film focuses on three particular species, the polar bear, African bush elephant and humpback whale. Starting in the high Arctic in January, as the darkness of winter gives way to the sun, a mother polar bear is shown emerging from her den with two new cubs. She needs food and must lead her cubs to her hunting ground on the sea ice before it begins to break up. By April, the sun never sets, and by August all the sea ice has melted. The mother and cubs have retreated to dry land, but a male polar bear is trapped at sea and must seek out land by swimming. He reaches an island with a walrus colony but is too exhausted to make a successful kill. He dies from injuries sustained in a walrus attack. African bush elephants are filmed from the air as they negotiate a dust storm in the Kalahari Desert. June is the dry season and they must follow ancient paths passed down through generations to reach watering holes. A mother and calf are separated from the herd in the storm but manage to reach shelter. The matriarch leads the herd to a temporary watering hole, but they must share it with hungry lions and scavenger White-backed Vultures. The lions are shown attacking a solitary elephant at night, when their superior vision gives them the upper hand. The herd times its arrival at the Okavango Delta to coincide with seasonal floodwaters which transform the desert into a lush water world. A humpback whale mother and calf are filmed from the air and underwater at their breeding grounds in the shallow seas of the tropics. There is nothing here for the mother to eat, so she must guide her calf on a {{convert}} journey south to the rich feeding grounds near Antarctica, the longest migration of any marine mammal. En route, they negotiate dangerous seas where great white sharks are filmed breaching as they hunt. Sea lions, and sailfish and dolphins combine to bait a shoal of small fish. By October they enter polar waters, and by December the Antarctic sun has melted the sea ice to form sheltered bays. Here, the whales are shown feeding on krill by trapping them in bubble nets. The stories of these individual creatures are woven into the film alongside a great many additional scenes. The supporting cast of animals include mandarin ducklings filmed jumping from their tree hole nest, Arctic wolves hunting caribou, cheetah hunting Thomson's gazelle, elephants charge at White-backed Vulture, birds of paradise displaying in the New Guinea rainforest, Adelie Penguins in the Antarctic and demoiselle cranes on their autumn migration across the Himalayas. Time-lapse photography is used to show the blossoming of spring flowers, seasonal changes to deciduous forests, clouds sweeping up Himalayan valleys and the growth of jungle spores and fungi."] ['Part One of the film, The Collapse, has an extended interview with Pierre Mendès-France. He was jailed by the Vichy government on charges of desertion, but escaped from jail to join Charles de Gaulle\'s forces operating out of England, and later served as Prime Minister of liberated France. Part Two, The Choice, revolves around Christian de la Mazière, who is something of a counterpoint to Mendès-France. Whereas Mendès-France was a French Jewish political figure who joined the Resistance, de la Mazière, an aristocrat who embraced Fascism, was one of 7,000 French youth to fight on the Eastern Front wearing German uniforms. The film shows the French people\'s response to occupation as heroic, pitiable, and monstrous, sometimes all at once. The postwar humiliation of the women who served  Vichy men perhaps gives the strongest mix of all three. Maurice Chevalier\'s "Sweepin\' the Clouds Away" is the theme tune of the film.'] ["Champions of Faith: Baseball Edition is a documentary film that showcases the intersection of sports and faith in Major League Baseball by profiling many of the most accomplished and devout figures in the game. Major League baseball's Mike Piazza, David Eckstein, Jeff Suppan, Mike Sweeney, Jack McKeon and Rich Donnelly lead the cast in this sports special that tells the story of how their faith plays a role not only on the field but at home.{{cite web}}"] ['Rize is a documentary following an interview schedule of two related dancing subcultures of Los Angeles: clowning and krumping. The documentary is divided into three distinct sections. The first series of interviews introduces and develops the clowning dance style. The second series explains how the dance style, krumping, evolved from the original clowning and matured into its own identity. The third section of the film depicts a dance battle called The Battle Zone which takes place between clowns and krumpers at the Great Western Forum in 2004. The film style and soundtrack draws creative ties between African dance and developing style of krump. An atypical sequence in the film uses montage to compare 1940s era anthropological films of African dance ritual with contemporary clowning and krumping dance maneuvers.'] ['The documentary describes the ascension of West Indies cricket from being a team largely composed of highly talented, entertaining, "Calypso Cricketers" to a determined unit that dominated world cricket for nearly twenty years. It begins with an introduction to the West Indies Cricket Team. Using interviews with West Indian cricketing greats, and other people closely associated with West Indies cricket; the idea of culturally and politically different Caribbean nations playing under the common banner of the West Indies is described. The history of cricket in the West Indies is briefly described, such as the appointment of Sir Frank Worrell as the first black man to captain the West Indies Cricket Team, and the emergence of such cricketing greats as Everton Weekes, Learie Constantine, and Sir Garfield Sobers. However talented these individual cricketers were, they were unable to fetch results, resulting in the West Indies being perceived as "Calypso Cricketers"; people who were entertaining, but would ultimately lose. The early 1970s saw the emergence of a new crop of West Indian cricketers, ones eager to shake the tag of Calypso, and who could dominate world cricket. However, it is said that when you have 10 young men from various islands in the Caribbean, you don\'t have a team; you have a gang. What was needed was a guiding hand, who could steer this young team in the right direction, and unite them for a common cause on the cricket field. That man was Clive Lloyd. Appointed as Captain in 1974, Lloyd\'s first major challenge came in the 1975-76 West Indies Tour of Australia. Australians Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson destroyed the West Indies with their fast bowling. Frequent bouncers and intimidatory tactics led to the spirit of the team being shattered and the tour ended with Australia winning the six-match test series 5-1. At the end of the series, Clive Lloyd realizes that in order to win, it would be necessary for him to also cultivate fast bowlers as devastating as Lillee and Thomson. When the Indian Cricket Team toured the West Indies in 1976, Clive Lloyd tested his new plan of attack, relentlessly getting his fast bowlers such as Andy Roberts, Michael Holding, and Colin Croft to bowl short-pitched or bouncers to Indian batsman. While playing at Kingston, Jamaica the Indian team declared on a second-innings lead of 12, after the management decided that they would rather not risk sending their bowlers such as Bishen Singh Bedi to face the fearsome fast bowling. Convinced of the effectiveness of pace bowling as an instrument to success, Clive Lloyd\'s team departed to their Tour of England in 1976. England Captain Tony Greig\'s infamous "grovel" comment is shown in is entirety, and the effect it had on galvanising the team is described. After some highly aggressive fast bowling against the English batsmen, West Indian fast bowling is seen as being dangerous to the game. However, the West Indians feel that if the Australians could do it, so could they. Viv Richards is shown as dominating the Test series as a batsman, where he scored 829 runs in four tests with two double-centuries. Viv Richards\' refusal to be intimidated by fast bowling is also seen as the ideal way for a batsman to deal with West Indian bowling. The documentary then describes the struggle with their board for better pay, and how Kerry Packer eventually enticed the team to participate in World Series Cricket in 1977. World Series Cricket turns out to be a fore-runner of changes in cricket that only became permanent in the 1990s; such as coloured kits, day/night matches, and a greater emphasis on professionalism in play. The West Indian team emerges from the tournament fitter, stronger, and with a more professional outlook to the game. The 1982 Rebel Tour to Apartheid-ruled South Africa is described. Colin Croft chooses to go, earning him a life ban from the West Indies Cricket Board. The main target of the regime, however, is international superstar Viv Richards. Richards states that he was offered "a blank cheque", but decided to not go as it would validate the state-sponsored racism pursued by the South African Government at the time. It ends with a description of the West Indies\' tour to England in 1984. With the emergence of fast bowling greats such as Joel Garner and Malcolm Marshall to take the place of Croft, the West Indies becomes unstoppable. After Gordon Greenidge\'s innings of 214 not out at Lord\'s, the West Indians become an unstoppable force; defeating England 5-0 in the five-test series. In a turn on the regular term "Whitewash" to describe such a win, the series was instead dubbed Blackwash. The documentary ends with a description of how the West Indians earned the respect, admiration, and love of cricket fans and even opposing teams from across the world. As the end credits roll, Michael Holding describes how between February, 1980 to March, 1995; the West Indies Cricket Team did not lose a single Test series.'] ['Walking on Dead Fish tells the story of the East St. John Wildcats, a small-town high school football team that looks within to brave the adversity delivered by Hurricane Katrina. Located just {{convert}} west of New Orleans, the tiny town of LaPlace escaped the cruel flooding of its neighbor only to suffer a different kind of flood, the overnight influx of 20,000 displaced hurricane victims. Its under-funded high school, East St. John, took in 450 displaced students and 20 of them joined the football team. With their first two games already cancelled, the Wildcats and their 20 new teammates, some from rival schools, take the field against rival Hahnville despite being short on equipment and practice time and wearing both home and away jerseys. This group of teenage boys, blown together by the winds of Katrina, decide to make the best of their situation overcome the tragedy of losing their homes and schools. Despite vastly different social, economic, and racial backgrounds, they unite to overcome the tragedy that they all have in common, and quickly begin winning games. The films explores the recovery from the worst natural disaster in our country’s history through the eyes of a group of 16 year-old boys forced to quickly become men. In doing so, they unite a devastated school and lift the spirit of a broken community. More than football and more than Katrina, Walking on Dead Fish is a testament to the will of young men who put “we” before “me.”'] ["Oceans gives you details and facts about the journey of the ocean. The film begins on a beach and there are boys and one of them wonders what the ocean is. The scene cuts to the Galapagos where a clan of marine iguanas and horseshoe crabs wander. Then at night a rocket takes off and surprises the two clans. Meanwhile, the rocket takes off to outer space. Then goes to the trench where the larvae of sea urchin and the crustacean egg lie. Then comes to a swarm of moon jellyfish. Then at day a different type of jellyfish float along the current. Later at the coast of South Africa, a hungry mob of common dolphins, commorants, bronze whaler sharks, and brydes whales hunt sardines. After the feast, manta rays gobble down a few sardines. moments later a blanket octopus swims quietly along the current. Meanwhile the sardines start making odd shapes. At a beach sea lions rest in the sun. In deeper water, a humpback whale and her calf start to flipper slap, spyhop, and breach. Meanwhile the sea lions start hunting. the others on the beach watch sally lightfoot crabs crawl on the sand. The hunting sea lions are returning home, but some are eaten by a great white shark, and a killer whale. In the deeper waters a blue whale feasts on some krill. At twilight birds are flying back to their nests. At night carnivores are out to hunt on the reef including the mantis shrimp who kills a crab in the movie. In Australia, a Spanish dancer comes out of its home. At day bottlenose dolphins are leaping on the waves. Meanwhile a dugong and green sea turtle are feasting on sea grass. On the beach baby sea turtles have to make it to the ocean without being eaten by frigatebirds, which only one baby turtle survives. In the sea sailfish are feasting on fish. At a coral reef, creatures are minding their own business Beyond the reef a cuttlefish is eating crabs. After that, garden eels and razorfish act really smooth. After that, spider crabs start war. Meanwhile humpback whales, blue whales, sunfish, blue sharks, sperm whales and whale sharks migrate. Then a bunch of spinner dolphins, yellowfin tuna and manta rays swim for a long time. Far away an Asian sheepshead wrasse is mating. Miles away a sea otter is smashing clams. In Alaska, the humpback whales have made it to the feeding grounds. The scene cuts to netted sea animals including tuna, whale sharks, sailfish, sea turtles, and sunfish. Along the way the fishing boat as a hard time fighting the waves. Then a satellite shows the trash in the ocean. Underwater tons of trash is destroying a fur seals home. The scene cuts to the 2 polar regions Arctic and Antarctica. Then divers are discovering the ocean, and one of them swims with a great white shark! At the end the narrator says we shouldn't ask what exactly is the ocean, we should ask what exactly are we."] ['Geoff Edgers is a reporter for the Boston Globe. Facing a mid-life crisis, he decides to embark on a quest to reunite his favorite band, The Kinks. Founded in 1964 by oft-feuding brothers Ray and Dave Davies, the group split in 1996 due to creative tension and poor record sales. Edgers travels around America, interviewing and gaining the support of several personalities, including Sting, Paul Weller, Peter Buck, Zooey Deschanel, Clive Davis, Warren Zanes, and Robyn Hitchcock. Edgers eventually travels to London in an attempt to bring together The Kinks\' original lineup: the Davies brothers, Pete Quaife, and Mick Avory. Edgers interviews Avory and visits the annual Kinks fan club convention at the Boston Arms pub, where he talks to former drummer Bob Henrit. Ray Davies makes a surprise visit at the convention. He refuses to give an interview to Edgers and requests that the crew not film his performance with The Kast Off Kinks. Later, Edgers is informed that Dave Davies is willing to grant an interview. They meet at an undisclosed location outside London and discuss Dave\'s relationship with his brother. Dave comments that "I think Ray was probably happy ... for a whole three years in his life, and that was from the age of zero to three, when I wasn\'t there, and I think I kind of rained on his parade a bit ... I think sadly, it never went away." At the end of the conversation, Edgers and Davies play the song "Strangers" together. He then returns home to Boston. As the credits roll, Edgers and a classroom of children sing Weird Al Yankovic\'s parody of The Kinks\' 1970 hit "Lola".'] ["Every spring, China's cities are plunged into chaos as 130 million migrant workers travel back to their home villages for the New Year's holiday. This mass exodus is the world's largest human migration, an epic spectacle that exposes a nation tragically caught between its rural past and industrial future. Working over several years in classic cinéma vérité style, director Lixin Fan travelled with one couple who have embarked on this annual trek for almost two decades. Like many of China's rural poor, the Zhangs have left their native village of Huilong in Sichuan province and their newborn daughter to find work in Guangzhou in a garment factory for 16 years and see her only once a year during the Spring Festival. Their daughter Qin, now a restless and rebellious teenager- bitterly resents her parents' absence and longs for her own freedom away from school and her rural hometown, much to the dismay of her parents. She eventually leaves school, against the wishes of her parents, to work in the city. Emotionally charged and starkly beautiful, Last Train Home examines one fractured family to shed light on the human cost of China's ascendence as an economic superpower. In a March 2010 follow-up interview, director Lixin Fan reveals that the Zhangs are still working in the factory and Qin telephoned, but did not visit, for the New Year.{{cite news}} More recently, in September 2011, Fan said that Qin was now a student in Beijing, and that while Qin's mother is back on the farm, her father still works at the factory. {{cite news}}"] ['The genesis and metamorphoses of a film, from the first intuition to the first clapboard. From Tom Waits to Cheikh Lô… and from Venice to Paris to Saint Louis in Senegal, this documentary travels the rivers’ stream in search of the Unshod Man.'] ['The film begins in the spring and documents Eads\' life through the following winter. Eads falls in love with Lola, a male-to-female transgender woman. He spends those remaining warm days in the company of his "chosen family:" Maxwell, Cas, and "the rest". That summer, his mother and father drive ten hours to visit Robert, who is still their daughter in their eyes. Later that year, Eads makes his last appearance at the Southern Comfort Conference in Atlanta, Georgia, a prominent{{Citation needed}} transgender gathering. Already feeling ill, he addresses a crowd of 500 and takes Lola to what is for them a prom that never was. Shortly after the conference, Eads dies in a nursing home with his chosen family. After Eads\' death, his ashes were spread across the family farm around a lone Christmas tree which was to symbolize Robert\'s many changes and blossomings in life. Eads\' friends, Tom and Debbie King, also appear in the film. They saved Eads\' life when he collapsed in a pool of his own blood while staying with them. They initially sought treatment for Eads but were unable to locate a doctor willing to treat a transsexual man. Robert\'s lifelong struggle to have his outer appearance match his inner self is a salient theme in the movie. All persons portrayed in the movie wrestle with themes of rejection from others, rejection of self, feeling ostracized from humanity and ultimately crafting their own lives and personal support systems.'] ["Once upon a time in a city at the end of Africa, Kaatji Davids, a house painter with barely two cents to his name, an old banjo and a few very close friends had the audacity to imagine that he would be the one to beat Hadji Bucks, undisputed champion of Cape Malay music. The prize is the Silver Fez, Holy Grail of Cape Town's Islamic subculture. The contest involves a cast of thousands and a staggering variety of melodies. <ref nameThe Silver Fez|url23 March 2012|newspaper15 June 2009}}"] ['Hosted by Carrie Fisher and Billy Dee Wiliiams, the special includes an interview with Star Wars creator George Lucas who elaborates on the evolution of the Ewoks, Sy Snootles  and Jabba the Hutt, which required six people to operate. It also includes location footage from the redwood forests of Northern California (where the Endor scenes were filmed, Buttercup Valley in the Yuma Desert in Arizona, where the sequence aboard Jabba\'s sailbarge was shot, and various scenes on the soundstages at Elstree Studios near London where the interiors of Jabba\'s palace were filmed. Over 60 alien creatures were created for Return of the Jedi which were operated by a variety of techniques old and new. Footage from earlier films illustrated the various methods used, including using actors in costumes , stop motion miniatures (as seen in The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms and [[King Kong , and large scale mechanicals . Some of the creatures  were mainly puppeteered but also contained animatronic devices that could be controlled remotely. The documentary also includes scenes from more recent "creature" films from the era such as E.T., The Dark Crystal , and Dragonslayer . Much of the documentary was included in the TV special From Star Wars to Jedi: The Making of a Saga that was made the same year.'] ['Two lawyers struggle to free a man, Antonio Zúñiga, who has been wrongly convicted by the Mexican judicial system. Zúñiga was arrested on charges of murder and convicted largely on the testimony of one man. However, the man was a close relative of the victim who had no firm evidence against Zúñiga, while the accused produced several witnesses able to place him far from the scene of the crime at the time of the murder. Despite this, Zúñiga was found guilty, and when lawyers Roberto Hernández and Layda Negrete learned about his case, they agreed to help him. After it was revealed that the lawyer appointed to represent Zúñiga did not have a valid license to practice law, authorities grudgingly agreed to a new trial, but with the same judge presiding. This judge showed little interest in evidence that Zúñiga was falsely convicted. Battling an arrogant judge, uncooperative witnesses and a legal system riddled with corruption, Hernández and Negrete found that it was easy to prove Zúñiga\'s innocence, but hard to get the authorities to acknowledge this fact. Presumed Guilty was a selection at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival. The story of Presumed Guilty was made into an episode of the TV series "P.O.V." that aired on 27 July 2010.'] ['This documentary portrays a great Sudanese filmmaker, Gadalla Gubara , one of the pioneers of cinema in Africa. Through his works, Gadalla shows us a mysterious and misunderstood country, Sudan. Despite censorship and the lack of financial backing for over sixty years, he produced an independent and unique cinema in a country where freedom of expression is a rare luxury. This film follows the struggle of the man who received the Excellence Career Award at the 2006 African Academy Awards, Nigeria.'] ['The documentary tells the story of several tangodancers in the crisis-ridden Buenos Aires. In the “Catedral”, a 200 years old granary in Buenos Aires, an orchestra plays 12 well known tangos, while the weekly guests of the ball move in circles. At the core of it stands 71 years old professional dancer Roberto Tonet and the 20 year old dancer Marcela. Tonet lost his pension during the banking crisis and Marcela is preparing her emigration towards Europe. Around them dance more people who we will follow from the “Catedral” into the real life during the course of the movie. We see Rodrigo and Fabiana, two school children who live in the poor neighborhood Nueva Pompeya. Rodrigo is the son of Bolivian immigrants, Fabiana lives alone with her three siblings since her mother left to work as a cleaning lady in Spain, in order to gain enough money to pay rent. The movie shows the goodbye of the mother and the four children she had to leave behind. In the hippest Tango club of the city we meet five freaks of the trashrockband „Las Muñecas“ who live in the “Catedral”, organize tango-balls and interpret Gardel ‘s songs on their e-guitars. Tango is the expression of crisis and lost hope and their connection will be shown by the history of these dancers who lost their wealth, jobs and salaries due to the current situation. In 12 Tangos the story of these dancers and their ancestors is told. Tango, crisis, imigration and emigration join to a cohesive story about the past, present and future of these people and Buenos Aires.http://www.12tangos.com/http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0459733/'] ['The two-hour-long film utilizes a then and now format that blends first-generation archival film with current HD footage of each of the former Nazi camps as they are today and the how and who they appeared during the Third Reich.'] ['The film documents the operations of 2nd Battalion, 3rd Field Artillery Regiment, an element of the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 1st Armored Division beginning in the late summer of 2003 until the unit was relieved by 3rd Battalion, 153rd Infantry Regiment, of the 39th Brigade Combat Team, an element of the 1st Cavalry Division in April 2004. The soldiers were stationed in the Adhamiyah neighborhood of Baghdad which lies between the Tigris river on the west and Sadar City on the east. The unit\'s Forward Operating Base was at a former Presidential Palace, known as Adhamiyah Palace.  Adhamiyah Palace, which is the backdrop for the documentary, was the scene of the last major fire fight during the fall of Baghdad.the Washington Times, U.S. poised to let Iraqis take lead, By Richard Tomkins, Retrieved 4 Feb 2010, http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2009/jun/29/us-poised-to-let-iraqis-take-lead/ The palace, which was known as Gunner Palace during its occupation by 2-3rd FA was eventually handed over to the Iraqi Army, except for three buildings which were retained by the follow on unit, Company C, 3-153rd IN and were renamed Patrol Base Apache. The patrol base was closed and the palace was completely handed over to the Iraqi Army in 2005. The Palace was reoccupied during the "Surge" of 2006-2007 and was then known as Joint Security Station Apache. SPC Ross McGinnis, assigned to C Company, 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Brigade, 1st Infantry Division, stationed at JSS Apache was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for his actions in the Adhamiyah neighborhood when he threw himself on a grenade in order to protect his fellow soldiers.WWW.ARMY.MIL, The Official Homepage of the United States Army, Medal of Honor Recipient honored, Army Birthday Celebrated at National Infantry Museum, By Lori Egan, Retrieved 4 February 2010, http://www.army.mil/-news/2009/06/16/22751-medal-of-honor-recipient-honored-army-birthday-celebrated-at-national-infantry-museum/'] ['The film follows the life of Bill Withers, from his roots in West Virginia to his career in the United States Navy, to his famed musical career and post retirement family life.'] ['Made in Zambia, the 30-minute film tracks several people who were seriously ill but return to a healthier condition in a relatively short period of time after starting free antiretroviral drug therapy.{{cite news | url The Life Changing Impact of 40 Cents a Day | author  Huffington Post | date Times /> Interviewees describe their illness and recovery; they also speak about the difficulties involved in persuading people to have themselves tested for HIV, given the severe social stigma that results from a positive test result, and in getting word about the available treatment out to remote rural areas, as well as the logistical problems of providing care to patients who may have to walk for three days to reach a clinic.'] ['Who the Hell is Juliette? begins with Yuliet Ortega saying that her name on the title card, Juliette Ortega, is misspelled and demanding that it is corrected. The director immediately complies and the card is corrected to Yuliet Ortega. Ortega is a 16-year-old girl who is being taken care of by her grandmother. Her mother committed suicide, while her father left his family and went to the United States. Ortega became a jinetera to support herself. During the shooting of a music video, Ortega meets 23-year-old Fabiola Quiroz who is a Mexican model. Both Quiroz and Ortega have been abandoned by their fathers and are deeply scarred by what has happened. Director Carlos Marcovich organizes a reunion for Ortega and her father, who lives in New Jersey. Finally, to save Ortega from street prostitution, Fabiola Quiroz helps her arrange a modeling interview. Salma Hayek and Francesco Clemente make guest appearances in the documentary.{{cite news}}'] ['{{Advert}} What a difference eight years makes, in the life of a troubled nation, a battleground state, and an American family. All three meet head-on in the 2006 Ohio Governor\'s race, a campaign in which J. Kenneth Blackwell, responsible for "delivering" Ohio to George W. Bush in 2004, meets his match: Democratic candidates for Governor and Lieutenant Governor Ted Strickland and Lee Fisher. In Swing State, the whole process is documented, with an intimate look at not only a critical fight in a key state, but also the experience of the Fisher family as they put it all on the line to avenge Lee\'s devastating loss for governor in 1998. The film is highlighted by appearances from top politicos such as Bill and Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., John Edwards, Bill Richardson, John Kerry and Madeleine Albright.'] ['Beginning from the earthquake in L\'Aquila in 2009, the film investigates the way the "Protezione Civile" reacted to the catastrophe. It is shown as an extension of the government, not respecting the law, and putting political service above its responsibilities of the crisis. Sabina Guzzanti caricatures Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and is critical of the government, especially Berlusconi and Guido Bertolaso, the chief of the Protezione Civile. She presents the Italian opposition as invisible and ineffective.'] ['Get Thrashed traces the impact of thrash metal. It is the story of the hardest rock music of the 1980s and 1990s as told by the bands who lived it.'] ['The film involves hardcore street punks called "gutter punks" who take the anti-establishment message with extreme seriousness, and tune out society completely. Spheeris talks to homeless teenagers living on the street or squatting in abandoned buildings in Los Angeles, as well as an unstable mother, Los Angeles Police Department officer Gary Fredo, and a paralyzed youth living on a disability. Performances by four bands were filmed: Final Conflict, Litmus Green, Naked Aggression and The Resistance.'] [' The film begins with a historical overview, starting at its Hawaiian beginnings, then moves on to focus on the dangerous lure of big wave surfing . The documentary chronicles the evolution of riding at Hawaii\'s Waimea Bay in the 1950s, the revolution of lighter boards, and tow-in surfing to allow for "riding giants". Three surfers who are part of this multi-generational evolution are spotlighted: Greg Noll is shown as a fearless big wave rider during the 1950s and 60s; Jeff Clark who discovered Mavericks in Northern California and surfed there alone for years; and Laird Hamilton, the contemporary surfer who brings tow-in riding to the limelight.'] ['"Booker">M. Keith Booker, Film and the American Left: A Research Guide. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1999; pg. 19. The film\'s importance is further enhanced by the fact that it is one of the only early American labor films to have been preserved essentially intact.<ref name Legacy 1&Movie569mT2bCwRY/ Reel 5] was preserved by the Library of Congress.http://archive.org/details/GeorgeWillemanAtThe7thOrphanFilmSymposium'] ["In the documentary, 18-year old Franak Viačorka, a youth activist with the Belarusian Popular Front, prepares with his friends for the run-up to the 2006 presidential election. Their activities range from handing out newspapers, organising rock concerts, distributing flyers, composing protest songs and interviewing the opposition candidate, Alaksandar Milinkievič. Aside from the main theme of the elections, it also touches briefly on the incarceration of Franak's father, Vincuk Viačorka, a professor at the banned Belarusian Humanities Lyceum, where Franak and many of his friends were students. Events come to a climax on the night of the election results, March 19. Following the suspicious landslide victory of Lukashenko, opposition activists and supporters take to the streets in protest, many of them setting up a 'tent city' in October Square in Minsk. By the night of March 23, riot police are deployed to clear the remaining protesters. Two days later on March 25, Belarusian Independence Day riot police clash violently with anti-Lukashenko demonstrators, detaining several, among them Alaksandar Milinkievič. By the end of the film, Franak's father has been released from detention, the battle has temporarily been lost, but the peoples spirit is unquenched. According to Franak, the end is nigh for Lukashenko."] ["A man tries to play a game of charades for the audience to know what he's pretending as leading to wrong answers from the audience."] ['The Secret, described as a self-help film, uses a documentary format to present the Law of Attraction. As described in the film, the "Law of Attraction" principle posits that feelings and thoughts can attract events, feelings, and experiences, from the workings of the cosmos to interactions among individuals in their physical, emotional, and professional affairs. The film also suggests that there has been a strong tendency by those in positions of power to keep this central principle hidden from the public.'] ['Miktlan Ehekateotl “Ehe” Kuahtlinxan, a 52nd Aztec medicine man came out in the open to convey a message that the cultures, traditions and the Aztec people did not vanish. According to the documentary, more than 1.5 million people in Mexico speak Nahuatl and some of the Aztecan Shamanic healers or Curanderos are opening up and sharing their knowledge about medicinal plants and their healing system which was passed on to them by their ancestors. The documentary also features the life-changing mentoring of Ehe to Tachi, a young man who was discouraged by his poor economic situation in Mexico City. In desperation, Tachi planned to join the Zapatista rebels in Mexico. Unfortunately, Tachi was fired from his job, which made him more upset. This prompted him to find a sorcerer to spell a curse to his employer. While looking for a sorcerer at at Sonora Market in Mexico City Tachi met Ehe. The medicine man cautioned him about the dangers of sorcery and he informed the young Mexican about the spiritual tradition of the Aztecs known as Tetzkatlipoka. Tachi forgot his objective to find a sorcerer and joined Ehe to a spiritual journey, discover his roots and learn about the life and ways of a traditional healer. The documentary also presents interviews from different experts about the Mayan race, their cultures, traditions and medicine system. The interviewees include Ysamur Flores and De Anna Rivera, from UCLA Tribal Learning Center and Department of World Arts and Culture respectively; Eliseo Flores, ethnographer from Universit of Mexico and John Bakas, a Greek Orthodox priest. The Serpent and the Sun: Tales of An Aztec Apprentice was filmed by Cheyene in various parts of Mexico including the Pyramids of Teotitlan, the Aztecan Templo Mayor, the mountain ranges of Puebla and Oaxaca and in the streets of Mexico City. The documentary centers on the message that the Aztecan traditional healing system still exists to this day.'] ['The film opens with "The Super Fan", an avid Chiefs fan, making his 3rd belt. The film depicts the lives of 5 Chiefs players: Mike Bajurny , Brady Austin, Mike Henderson and Cory Holland. With the exception of Henderson, all of these players live in an abandoned storage area on the second story of Colisee de Laval, affectionately known as "The Rat\'s Nest"East Hill Productions - Les Chiefs Synopsis Page. Several players discuss the living conditions. Some don\'t mind it, while other say that since the room is near an exit, the apartments will not be used for a fire exit. Henderson mentions that the living situation isn\'t bad for a young single guy. Henderson discusses his role with the team. He doesn\'t think he is limited to being a fighter, but considers himself to have an Owen Nolan-type of role with the team, where he could be tough as needed. The Super Fan shows how he prepares for a big game: which involves the shining of one of his championship belts. A shot of the arena is shown with fans mock-fighting each other with security surrounding the ice. Craig Martin discusses a line brawl and how it originated. At the end of the second, the team was trailing 3-0, but the Chiefs would score 7 goals to come back and win. Families of the players discuss their son\'s and boyfriend\'s role with the team. Bajurny\'s mother does not approve of her son\'s role as a fighter. Henderson\'s fiance discusses how they met and how she feels about him playing professional hockey. A 6\'5", 265 lbs ex-military strong man by the name of Tim Leveque comes to play for the Chiefs. The players discuss Tim coming to the team, and some players are concerned about not knowing his background. He immediately establishes himself as an enforcer. He is shown fighting 6\'7", 320 lb Dominic "The Giant" Forcier and beats him. Near the end of the film a boxing promoter comes to town and tries to get Bajurny and Holland to fight. Bajurny and Holland at first accept it. But after an inspiring talk from his grandfather, Bajurny says no, but Holland still goes through with it. Holland loses his fight. In the playoffs Bajurny is benched for fighting and Austin and Holland aren\'t even dressing for games anymore. Everyone looks depressed and they want to go home. The Chiefs win the championship and all is forgiven and forgotten.'] ['Women of Tibet: Gyalyum Chemo - The Great Mother is the first of a trilogy of films about Women of Tibet and recounts the life story of Dekyi Tsering, the mother of one of the world\'s leading ambassadors for peace, His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama.http://www.savetibet.org/media-center/ict-news-reports/film-dalai-lamas-mother-be-aired-american-tv During the course of her life, Tsering, known by Tibetans as "Gyalyum Chemo" or "Great Mother," gave birth to 16 children, three of whom were recognized as incarnate lamas, or tulkus.http://www.aptvs.org/catalog.nsf/0/1D57DC005614FF0285257107006D6BD5 This story is uniquely Tibetan, yet it shares the same core qualities of all universal Great Mother stories: loss and resurrection, love and sacrifice, and the courage to survive.http://www.dalailamafoundation.org/dlf/xx/WoT.jsp Dr. Marion Woodman , Alice Walker , and Angeles Arrien , speak about the often invisible yet ever-powerful impact of a mother\'s love, revealing the importance of the Great Mother archetype and its relevance today.http://www.zeidenmedia.com/ptv.htm'] ['In the spring of 1957, 40 young Canadian soldiers were sent to Nevada on a top secret mission. These young men did not know they would be used as guinea pigs in the most important nuclear testing program of the Cold War. The American military wanted to know how the average soldier would hold up on a nuclear battlefield. With absolutely no knowledge of the effects of radiation, the young men played war games, sometimes less than {{convert}} away from exploding nuclear weapons — bombs as much as four times more powerful than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima on August 6, 1945. The effects were devastating. Many of the men fell gravely ill, and some of their children were born with deformities or handicaps. The controversial operation has never received official recognition from the Canadian government. 50 years after the tests, Time Bombs follows the Atomic Veterans in their quest for recognition from the government.'] ["A constant and verbose off-narrator guides the viewer through the life of a tomato. Beginning at Mr Suzuki's tomato field, the tomato is then sold to a supermarket, where it is acquired by Mrs Anete, a perfume saleswoman, together with some pork. Each exchange requires the presence of money, which is, together with the tomato, the constant element in the story. Mrs Anete intends to prepare a tomato sauce for the pork, but, having considered one of Mr Suzuki's tomatoes inadequate, she throws it in the garbage. Together with the rest of the garbage, the tomato is taken to Isle of Flowers , Porto Alegre's landfill. There, the organic material considered adequate is selected as food for pigs. The rest, which is considered inadequate for the pigs, is given to poor women and children to eat."] [' This documentary is about a group of samurai sent by the Japanese government to France at the end of Edo era. At the time, all the ports of Japan were closed, cutting it off from the rest of the world. The samurai were sent to help solve diplomatic problems between Japan and Europe on December 29, 1863. They were welcomed by every government and head of state they visited, including Napoleon III, in France. They were also photographed standing in front of Sphinx, in Egypt. The samurai brought back lots of products from their trip, including a book on wine production. They ended their expedition earlier than expected due to the need to report home about the astonishing technology in modernized countries.'] ['The film documents the development of the martial arts of eskrima, tracing its origins from the tribal warfares of the Philippines to its practice among international martial artists. It include interviews with grandmasters Ciriaco “Cacoy” Canete, Dionisio Canete, and Undo Caburnay, and participation of groups such as Doce Pares, Lapunti Arnis de Abanico, Teovel’s Balintawak, Nickelstick Balintawak, and Liborio Heyrosa Decuerdas, in reenactments.'] ['Mom and Dad tells the story of Joan Blake , a young girl who falls for the pilot Jack Griffin . After being sweet talked by Griffin, she has sex with him. The girl requests "hygiene books" from her mother Sarah Blake ; however, the mother refuses because the girl is not yet married. The girl later learns from her father Dan Blake  that the pilot has died in a crash. She tears up a letter she had been writing to him, and lowers her head as the film fades into intermission. The film resumes at the point when the girl discovers that her clothes no longer fit, sending her into a state of despair. She takes advice from her teacher, Carl Blackburn , who had previously been fired for teaching sex education. Blackburn blames her mother for the problem, and accuses her of "neglect[ing] the sacred duty of telling their children the real truth." Only then is the girl able to confront her mother. The film then presents reels and charts that include graphic images of the female anatomy and footage of live births - one natural and one Caesarian. In some screenings, a second film was shown along with Mom and Dad, and contained images portraying syphilis and venereal disease. Mom and Dad is believed to have had a number of endings, although most typically concluded with the birth of the girl\'s child, sometimes stillborn and other times put up for adoption.Schaefer, 200.'] ['{{Plot|date"CWB">{{Citation}}  Stacie spends time arranging payment plans for the medical bills, and praying for Laurel. As a result of chemotherapy, Laurel\'s hair begins to fall out. Stacie shaves Laurel\'s head for her and Laurel returns the favor, saying that Stacie now looks more like she did when the couple first met. Six New Jersey counties make the decision to extend pension benefits to domestic partners. Don Bennett says that the Ocean County Freeholders are now under increasing pressure from the press and cannot come up with a good reason for their refusal to do likewise. Although the Freeholders attribute their decision to financial reasons, Dane Wells believes that one or two of the board oppose change, and that the other board members are backing them up. He says that John Kelly has said that his personal belief is that the change would violate the sanctity of marriage, but that this is not the official position of the Freeholders. Laurel grows increasingly sick, losing all of her hair and finding it more difficult to breathe. She speaks of the difficulty of experiencing the physical changes of her illness and knowing that she will only ever get worse. When another Freeholder meeting is held, she is too sick too attend, so she videotapes a message instead. In the tape, she asks the Freeholders to sign the resolution and make a change "for good and righteousness". At the meeting the Freeholder\'s say that although Laurel has been a valuable employee, they will not allow her to pass on her pension. They say that although they have the money to do so, they will not pay pensions in the absence of a negotiated contract. John Kelly says that he has been misquoted in the press and that although it is a moral issue, he believes that Laurel is a moral person. When Dane Wells ask if they intend to change their minds before Laurel dies, the Freeholders decline to answer the question. Laurel is visited at home by a hospice worker. She says that her symptoms have gotten worse, that they scare her and that she is very concerned with when she will die. When the hospice worker asks her what is most important, Laurel answers "Stacie". Under mounting pressure, and following a telephone call from Governor Jon Corzine at the urging of Garden State Equality, the Freeholders call an emergency meeting. Stacie and Laurel, now in a wheelchair, attend the meeting. Freeholder Bartlett says that it is time to change the situation. The Freeholder of the county makes a motion to pass a resolution to expand pension benefits to county employees under the provisions of the law. The four Freeholders present agree. John Kelly does not attend the meeting. Laurel speaks briefly to news reporters and receives a standing ovation from the people present, including the Freeholders. Laurel goes home to die and the final scene of the film shows her memorial service, attended by Stacie, Dane and her police colleagues. Nine months after her death, the New Jersey Supreme Court rules that same sex couples must have the same rights as heterosexual couples, forcing the state legislature to legalise civil unions in New Jersey.'] ['An estimated 1.7 million Cambodians died during the rule of the Khmer Rouge, a radical communist movement led by Pol Pot. Among the victims were Thet Sambath’s mother, father and brother. He says he did not understand why the Khmer Rouge unleashed such violence on their compatriots. In 1999 he decided to seek confessions and explanations from former Khmer Rouge officials at all levels. None had previously admitted any killings.{{cite news}} Towards the end of the film Sambath brings Khoun and Suon to meet Nuon Chea and the three former Khmer Rouge comrades try to fathom the history of which they were each a lethal part. Throughout his three years of research, Sambath omitted to tell Nuon Chea of his family’s fate in Democratic Kampuchea. At the end of the film and just before Nuon Chea’s arrest, Sambath tells the whole story to the former Khmer Rouge leader.{{cite news}} The film also features appearances by Pol Pot, President Richard Nixon and Deng Yingzhao, the widow of Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai.'] ['In the beginning of the film, Nat and Alex are talking about how school ended three months ago. They don\'t want to explain it, so they ask the audience if they want to go three months in the past in their "Time Machine". They try to go back in time making strange noises, but they\'re still in the present because the audience didn\'t believe, so they try again, and are taken three months into the past. It is the final few days of school at Amigos Elementary, and the Naked Brothers Band start their tour at the year-end Masquerade Party. The theme of the party is "Superheroes", and Nat and Alex don\'t know who to be. Alex finds the Batman costume, which means that Nat is a sidekick. Nat and Alex change their minds many times, and don\'t care what hero they are, as long as they\'re more powerful than one another, but Nat just wants to be more powerful than Rosalina. Then, Jesse remembers that Rosalina\'s prom is the same night as the Masquerade, so she won\'t be going to the Masquerade. At Amigos Middle  and Amigos High School , Nat and Rosalina begin conversing about the Masquerade Party, which coincidentally is on the same night as Rosalina\'s prom. Rosalina says that she doesn\'t want to go to the prom because it isn\'t her dream. The head of the prom committee, Patrice Johnston , bumps into Nat and Rosalina\'s conversation and tells them to act cool, because the most popular boy in high school, senior Wade Kilgannon , is walking over to the high school doors. Wade asks Rosalina out to the prom and Nat tells her to go  and Wade makes plans without letting Rosalina have a final say in the matter, saying that: "It is every girl\'s dream". Patrice gets very upset, because she thought that Wade was coming over to ask her to the prom. Meanwhile, Thomas and David are thinking of pranks to pull on Principal Schmoke , and Qaasim is running away from four girls that he asked to the Masquerade Party, who all said yes, and have no idea about the others. While practicing for the tour, Alex makes up his own superhero "BASSFF Man" , and he makes Nat his sidekick, "Birdie". Jesse comes in for practice with her sisters, Bessy and Tessy, as well as three other sisters , for the new director, Wing\'s, vision about the tour having dancing girls. Rosalina comes in late for practice  because she went shopping for her dress. Nat is also upset that she is missing practice constantly, whether it is for setting up for the prom or getting things for her big night. The next day, when Rosalina was nowhere to be found, Nat thought that this was enough. He goes to Rosalina\'s school, and she is decorating for the prom, because she has to put in hours or she can\'t go. Patrice storms in and tells Nat and Rosalina that she is going to kill them, because they cut her scene out of the "Long Distance" music video. In order to get revenge, and to make Rosalina mad, she forces Nat to go to the prom with her. On the night of the Masquerade party and prom, Alex is trying to get Nat ready. Nat is wearing a baby blue tuxedo, and Alex is splashing him with cologne. Nat goes to pick up Patrice, and she ignores Nat and is all dolled up for the cameras so she can get her camera time. When Wade picks up Rosalina, she asks him to come inside to take pictures, but instead, Wade pulls out his cell phone and takes a picture there. At the prom, Nat and Rosalina bump into each other and are very lonely because their dates abandoned them near the punch bowl. A slow song comes on, and Nat and Rosalina dance together. Meanwhile, Qaasim is running away from the four girls he asked out to the party, and  they are all dressed the same, so he can\'t tell them apart. David and Thomas are in the boys bathroom at the elementary school. They erased the legendary graffiti in the bathroom that said: "Put in Joe Schmoke and watch the other team croak!" When Principal Schmoke find out, he stops the party and searches everyone\'s bags for cleaning liquids. Cooper kept it in his briefcase, because he tries to take the blame for it. Qaasim tells David and Thomas to confess, because he wants to continue the party as soon as possible. Qaasim starts shouting "confess!" and the students join in. Then, Principal Schmoke finds Cooper\'s briefcase filled with cleaning supplies and Principal Schmoke tells Cooper how disappointed he is in him. Then, Alex  shouts out that he did it, since he doesn\'t have a reputation to break. David and Thomas feel guilty and wonder why everybody is taking the blame for them. Then, David and Thomas finally confess. Then, Principal Schmoke grabs them by the top of their costumes and takes them to the bathroom. They kept spelling Schmoke — Shmoke. So Principal Schmoke takes over spelling his name the correct way. The two later sneak out of the bathroom. At the prom, Nat and Rosalina watch Patrice\'s world premiere edit rendition of The Naked Brothers Band\'s Long Distance  starring herself. It is basically frames of her sighing and looking out of a window in black and white. Nat and Rosalina leave the prom and change into their sidekick costumes while no one is looking to perform their song,"I Don\'t Want To Go to School." A high schooler finds out the NBB is performing at the middle school party and tells everyone, so they all leave to watch the performance. Everyone&mdash;except Patrice&mdash;is happy.'] ['Even after the end of the Cold War, the United States still has 250,000 soldiers stationed on more than 700 military bases in at least 40 countries across the globe, and the number keeps growing. A current example: the last military budget of the Bush administration was 650 billion dollars; Barack Obama increased military spending shortly after he assumed office by 30 billion dollars to 680 billion dollars. Up to today, whole regions are depopulated and, if necessary, dispossessed, if the United States Department of Defense deems a military presence at certain places useful for geopolitical reasons – in Italy, on Diego_Garcia  or in the Middle East. The traditional definition of the term empire means possession of colonies. The foundation of the American empire, though, is their worldwide network of military bases. While they used to serve as simple supply facilities in war-like conflicts, the impression today is that armed US interventions are primarily meant to usher in a military presence afterwards. A graphic film full of empirical data that becomes particularly interesting when Chalmers Johnson, former CIA advisor, explains how this new type of imperialism contains a self-destructive recoil force that will lead to a medium-term decline and the ruin of the American position of power in the world.'] ['By tracing the places of Vittorio De Seta films and looking for people who had contact with him, as the Cozzo Disi sulfur miners, Ganzirri swordfish fishermens and shepherds who attended in drama Banditi a Orgosolo, the documentary focuses on great change started in local cultures of the Southern Italy from 1945.Détour De Seta at the Cinema Sud. Retrieved August 9, 2010. The film includes an interview with De Seta, conversations with the film directors Luciano Tovoli, Franco Maresco, Gianfranco Pannone, writers Vincenzo Consolo, Goffredo Fofi, Eugenio Turri and the critic Marco Gazzano. Set in Calabria, Sardinia and Sicily, the film was shot in 35mm film and digital, contains stock footage and images taken by De Seta.'] ['Over four hundred orphans from Buchenwald were sent to an orphanage in France where they were educated and cared for.{{Citation}} The inhuman treatment they had received in the concentration camps meant the boys needed to relearn how to live in society. The boys of Buchenwald spent their childhoods surrounded by terror and death, and, as a result, they were rebellious against authority, full of anger and under-educated. In fact, society viewed child survivors as damaged goods who would go on to become psychopaths. The boys had to relearn everything &mdash; even their meals proved challenging. Their extreme hunger and inexperience with ordinary behavior had robbed them of table manners. They threw food, shoved it in their pockets to save for later, and gorged themselves, clearing their plates in a matter of minutes. With the help of benevolent guardians, who gave consistent discipline, the boys slowly relearned how to behave. Once it was time to leave the orphanage and go out on their own, many of the boys moved to Australia or Canada to distance themselves from their awful pasts. There, they established homes and careers near one another so they could still come together for meals and Jewish holidays.'] ["In 1924 mountaineer George Mallory was torn between love for his wife Ruth, and his obsession with the last great adventure left to man: becoming the first person to reach the summit of the untouched Mount Everest. Dressed in gabardine and wearing hobnailed boots, Mallory risked everything in pursuit of his dream, but was last seen alive 800 feet below the summit. Then the clouds rolled in and he disappeared into legend. His death stunned the world. After discovering Mallory’s body on Everest in 1999, modern climber Conrad Anker’s life became intertwined with Mallory’s story. Remarkably, Mallory’s frozen body was found with all his belongings intact. The only thing missing was a photograph of Ruth, which Mallory had promised to place on the summit. Haunted by Mallory's story, Conrad returns to Everest with British climbing prodigy Leo Houlding to discover the truth about this compelling and gilded man from a bygone era and to unravel the mysteries surrounding his disappearance. Conrad Anker and his climbing partner take on the Second Step without the use of the fixed ladder; free climbing it with the use of some modern safety precautions , to evaluate if indeed Mallory was capable of climbing the Second Step himself in 1924."] ['There are five cameras – each with a story of their own. When his fourth son, Gibreel, is born in 2005, self-taught cameraman Emad Burnat, a Palestinian villager, gets his first camera. At the same time in his village of Bil’in, a separation barrier is being built and the villagers begin to resist this decision. For the next year, Burnat films this non-violent struggle, which is led by two of his best friends, while at the same time recording the growth of his son. Very soon, these events begin to affect his family and his own life. Daily arrests, violent attacks, bulldozers knocking down olive trees, the loss of life and night raids in the village scare his family. His friends, brothers and even himself are either shot or arrested. One camera after another used to document these events is shot or smashed. Each camera unfolds a part of history and his story. Eventually, Burnat joins forces with Guy Davidi – an Israeli filmmaker and together from these five broken cameras and the stories that they represent, these two filmmakers create the film.'] ['Guitarist Steve Jones plays a detective who - through a series of set piece acts - uncovers the truth about the band. Drummer Paul Cook and bass guitarist Sid Vicious play smaller roles, and the band\'s manager, Malcolm McLaren, is featured as "The Embezzler", the man who manipulates the Sex Pistols. Fugitive train robber Ronnie Biggs, performer Edward Tudor-Pole and actress Irene Handl also make appearances. The movie tells a stylised fictional account of the formation, rise and subsequent breakup of the band, from the point of view of their then-manager Malcolm McLaren. In the film, McLaren claims to create the Sex Pistols and manipulate them to the top of the music business, using them as puppets to both further his own agenda , and to claim the financial rewards from the various record labels the band were signed to during their brief history - EMI, A&M, Virgin, and Warner Bros. Records.'] ['The film portrays the voyage, from Niger to the Ivory Coast, of Hussey, an ageing Nigerian singer, and Sani Elhadj Magori, the director. He has asked Hussey to accompany him to the Ivory Coast to convince his father to return to his village. In the seventies, Hussey was a very well known singer and had the power to persuade young people to emigrate and try to make their fortune on the coasts of West Africa. Many young Nigerians, like the director’s father, left never to come back. What sort of power does Hussey still have over the souls of men?'] ['Since the end of World War II in 1945, the people of Tanna, a remote and isolated island in the south Pacific Ocean, worship an American prophet, John Frum. The islanders believe he is an American pilot that returned to the United States after the end of the world war, and will come back to Tanna with riches and valuable souvenirs from the United States that they call "the cargo". They pray to an American flag, awaiting his return. One man, Isaac the Last One, chief of the "Cargo Cult", claims he is Frum\'s son. He has formed an army of GIs to celebrate and proclaim the return of the Frum.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1249387/'] ["The documentary follows speed cubers from all over the world who can solve the Rubik's Cube in less than 30 seconds through the obstacles of becoming crowned the World Rubik's Cube Champion."] ['Love Shines follows Ron Sexsmith as he attempts to turn his niche following into mainstream success by recording his latest album with legendary producer Bob Rock.'] ['The film starts with three coaches of peace protestors on the way to the RAF Base in Fairford, Gloucestershire on 22 March 2003 held for two hours by 100 riot police and escorted back to London denied the right to protest. An animated sequence profiles the key events of WWII; Reichstag fire, Kristalnacht, the invasion of Poland, allied victory and the subsequent European convention on Human rights designed to ensure it never happened again. Archive footage of Tony Blair defends New Labour laws which undo this convention and which the 7 July 2005 London bombings survivor Rachel North rallies against.  Tony Benn introduces the story of the expulsion of Walter Wolfgang from the Labour Party Conference for protesting a speech by Jack Straw. Toby Rhodes of Splash Clothing relates the story of a 20 year old student stopped by police for wearing one of his company’s “Bollocks to Blair” T-shirts.  Maya Evans and Milan Rai of the Justice Not Vengeance discuss their arrest for an illegal memorial service outside Downing Street. Photos, title cards and archive footage tell the story of protestor Brian Haw. Peace Campaigners Sylvia & Helen talk about their arrest at the Menwith Hill US Military Base in Yorkshire. Baptist Minister Malcolm Carroll and the Rickford family discuss the Climate Camp protest at East Midlands Airport. Finally the collusion between police and EDO MBM to break anti-war protests by the Brighton & Hove Citizens Weapons’ Inspectors is revealed.  Director Chris Atkins visits Counter Terror World 2006 at Kensington Olympia, London to discuss surveillance technology with the delegates. An animated sequence introduces the Panopticon and compares it to the surveillance society before going to profile the history of ID Cards from Harry Willcock’s 1950 protest to their use in the Rwanda genocide and by the Stasi, the East German secret police. Photos, title cards and archive footage tell the story of Blair and Bush’s rush to war on Iraq and the resultant 7/7 attacks which the film maintains ID cards could not have prevented.  John Tulloch rallies against the proposed 90-days detention extension which the Sun used his image to promote. Archive footage of Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair defends the 2 June 2006 Forest Gate raid on the home of Abdul Koyair and Mohammed Abdul Kahar. An animated sequence details Clause 39 of the Magna Carta, which establishes Habeas Corpus and lead to the banning of slavery, but following wartime suspension and the internment laws in Northern Ireland is, according to interviewees, has been undermined by the Blair government.  Retired Headmistresses Jennifer and Des visit the confines of Algerian asylum seeker Mouloud Sihali who is under indefinite house arrest without charge due to his involvement in the alleged Wood Green ricin plot used as an example by Colin Powell in his UN testimony despite no ricin ever being found. Former jury members testify to the lack of evidence in the trial which saw him acquitted only to be later re-arrested and threatened with deportation. David Bermingham of the Natwest 3 reveals the dangers of the extradition treaty with the US signed by David Blunkett.  Former Guantanamo detainee Moazzam Begg and the family of Libyan exile Omar Deghayes reveal prisoner abuses including the force feeding of hunger strikers in the “torture chair”. The shackle-shuffle protest outside the Hiatt factory in Birmingham protests the manufacture of shackles for Guantanamo. A mock advert for RendAir introduces the illegal nature of extraordinary rendition flights to regimes which use torture with the alleged complicity of the British government denied by Jack Straw and Tony Blair. “The Road to Guantanamo” star Riz Ahmed discusses his own detainment. An epilogue contends that neither Gordon Brown nor any of his generations of successors are likely to return the rights which Tony Blair have removed without a fight like that put up by the Fairford coach campaigner who won their case at the House of Lords.'] ['The documentary begins with an explanation of the social context for American blacks at the turn of the 20th century. It then looks at milestones in the development of race films. Thomas, Larry. Oct 2007. "Movie Reviews: Midnight Ramble". WVXU Radio, Cincinnati. This includes a look at early silent films, most notably the work of William Foster . Cincinnati World Cinema. 2007. "Film Notes for "Midnight Rambles." ". With the release of "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, writer Oscar Micheaux, the grandson of slaves, shifted his attention to film, releasing his first race film, "The Homesteader," in 1918, followed soon after by "Within Our Gates" in 1920 and "The Symbol of the Unconquered" in 1921. With the transition to sound, Micheaux continued to make race films, some of which were controversial even within the Black community. While the advent of sound decreased the number of race films being made, due to the rise in costs, notable films continued to be released. This included a series of three singing-cowboy movies starring Herb Jeffries as "The Bronze Buckaroo."'] ['The subject of Challenging Impossibility is the weightlifting odyssey of Sri Chinmoy, a spiritual teacher who came from India to live in New York City and began lifting weights at the age of 54. The film features news footage and interviews with bodybuilders, strongmen,{{Disambiguation needed}} Chinmoy’s training culminated when he held a public demonstration of his feats of strength at age 73 in the presence of strength experts such as 5-time Mr. Universe Bill Pearl, 3-time Mr. Olympia Frank Zane, 2002 World’s Strongest Man Hugo Girard and 9-time Olympic Gold-Medalist Carl Lewis. In the film, Lewis described how when Sri Chinmoy lifted weights, “It’s like gravity stops”.{{cite news}} to inspire people to transcend their personal limitations and to abandon their concepts of the restrictions of physical age. Appearances in the film also include Mikhail Gorbachev, Pope John Paul II, Mother Teresa, and Princess Diana.'] ['A fictitious scientist called Dr. Nils Hellstrom  guides viewers throughout the film. He claims, on the basis of scientific-sounding theories, that insects will ultimately win the fight for survival on planet Earth because of their adaptability and ability to reproduce rapidly, and that the human race will lose this fight largely because of excessive individualism. The film combines short clips from horror and science fiction movies with extraordinary camera sequences of butterflies, locusts, wasps, termites, ants, mayflies, other insects rarely seen before on film and insectivorous plants/insects.'] ["Lifecycles: a Story of AIDS in Malawi is an hour long documentary film shot over an eight month period on location in Malawi, Africa. Malawi won't perish, but must grow with the virus as catalyst. Lifecycles provides a detailed glimpse into the lives of the Malawian people living with HIV and AIDS. Directors Doug Karr and Sierra Bellows travel across Malawi bringing us a glimpse of a complex situation that encompasses sadness and hope, defeat and renewal."] ["The film uses archived letters, speeches and documents to cover Bartolomeo Vanzetti's arrival the United States as an immigrant, his involvement with Nicola Sacco, and the events of his trial leading up to his execution in Massachusetts in 1927."] ["For Grizzly Man, Herzog used sequences extracted from more than 85 hours of video footage shot by Treadwell during the last five years of his life, and conducted interviews with Treadwell's family and friends, as well as bear and nature experts. Park rangers and bear experts give counterpoints to statements and actions by Treadwell, such as his repeated claims that he is defending the bears from poachers. Park rangers point out that while the bears may be subject to habitat loss and climate change, etc. there was never a recorded incident of poaching at this national park. Treadwell had also convinced himself that he had gained the trust of certain bears, enough to walk up and pet them like dogs. Park rangers again point out that bears are still wild and potentially dangerous animals, and that it was amazing that Treadwell survived as many years as he did without being mauled. One park ranger is so astonished by Treadwell's actions that he thinks the bears themselves were so confused by Treadwell's direct casual contact that they weren't quite sure how to react at first. Moreover, other park rangers point out that not only were the bears not under threat from any poachers, but Treadwell himself almost assuredly put the bears in danger: by familiarizing them with human contact, he increased the likelihood that they would approach human habitation looking for food, possibly resulting in a confrontation in which animal control would have to kill them. Ironically, if there were potential poachers, Treadwell's contact with the bears would have removed their fear of human contact, meaning they would not flee the hunters. Herzog also narrates, and offers his own interpretations of the events. In his narration, he depicts Treadwell as a disturbed man who may have had a death wish toward the end of his life, but does not condemn him for this. The film refers to an audio recording of the fatal attack captured by Treadwell's video camera, and although Herzog is shown listening to it on earphones clearly disturbed, it is not played in the film. In fact, Herzog advises Palovak  to destroy it immediately rather than listen to it. He later repudiated his own advice, saying it was “Stupid...silly advice born out of the immediate shock of hearing—I mean, it’s the most terrifying thing I’ve ever heard in my life. Being shocked like that, I told her, ‘You should never listen to it, and you should rather destroy it. It should not be sitting on your shelf in your living room all the time.’ [But] she slept over it and decided to do something much wiser. She did not destroy it but separated herself from the tape, and she put it in a bank vault.” {{cite web}} Palovak later receives Treadwell's wristwatch from the coroner, who found it on Treadwell's arm, one of the few remaining pieces of his body. This same watch was spoken of earlier in the film by Willy Fulton, the pilot who discovered the bodies of Treadwell and his girlfriend. During the movie, he recalls seeing the lone arm with the wristwatch and not being able to keep the image out of his mind."] ['This is Nollywood follows Nigerian director Bond Emeruwa on his quest to finish filming a feature-length action movie in nine days on the outskirts of Lagos. However, Bond is just one of the incredible protagonists of Nollywood, Nigeria’s burgeoning, but little known movie industry that is rapidly changing Africa’s modern popular culture. In the end, the film is about more than a fascinating and unheralded movie industry, it is about how people surmount obstacles to achieve their dreams.'] ['The VH1 News special is the story of a very unlikely rock band who have managed to defy politics, culture and fundamentalism all in the name of music. Translated, "Junoon" means "passion" - and that\'s what this 10- year-old rock group has brought to a Pakistani music scene that has often been forced underground. The group has been banned for nearly half of its existence, yet has still sold millions of records. Two years ago, it won Channel V award for "Best International Group", beating out the likes of Backstreet Boys and The Prodigy.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-LBNAGId8A Retrieved on July 21, 2010.'] ['Though Okuzaki ultimately holds Emperor Hirohito accountable for all the suffering of the war, , he painstakingly tracks down former soldiers and officers, coaxing them into telling him about the deaths, often abusing them verbally and at times physically in the process . The people he talks to give different accounts of what transpired almost 40 years earlier, some saying that those killed were executed for desertion after the war was already over, while others state that they were shot for cannibalizing New Guinea indigenous people. At the end of the war, the Japanese garrison in New Guinea was crammed into a small area and almost completely cut off from food supplies, leading to starvation and according to some of the interviewed, also to cannibalism. According to them, indigenous people were euphemistically called "black pigs" while American soldiers were "white pigs" - although one of the interviewed says there was a ban on eating "white pigs". The sister of one of the executed at one point states her belief that the two (low-ranking [[Private  were killed so that the officers would have something to eat. During the course of Okuzaki\'s investigation a captain named Koshimizu is said to have issued the order to execute the pair, with a couple of the interviewed also stating that he personally finished them off with his pistol after the firing squad failed to kill them outright, something the captain denies. Okuzaki also discovers that there has been another suspicious death in his unit and seeks out a former sergeant who is the sole survivor of his regiment. After much coaxing and a physical altercation the sergeant tells him that he personally killed a fellow soldier who had been stealing food and that the corpse was then eaten. He also states that the indigenous were not cannibalized as they were too quick to catch. Instead, Japanese soldiers were marked for death and cannibalism . The sergeant states that he only survived because he could make himself useful as a jungle guide, for instance finding fresh water for the other soldiers. A written panel then states that the documentary crew and Okuzaki traveled to New Guinea but that the footage was confiscated by the Indonesian government. After that there is an epilogue with pictures of newspaper headlines where it is revealed that Okuzaki attempted to kill Koshimizu, whom he holds responsible for the deaths of the two soldiers. Not finding him at home Okuzaki settled for shooting Koshimizu\'s son, who was seriously wounded. It is then stated that Okuzaki was sentenced to 12 years of hard labor for attempted murder.'] ['A journey through the tales and legends of Madagascar, between reality and imagination, tinged with humor and tenderness that opts for the oral tradition to portray Malagasy culture. This documentary was chosen among the twenty most outstanding films in the Cinéma du Réel Festival.'] ["Titicut Follies portrays the existence of occupants of Bridgewater, some of them catatonic, holed up in unlit cells, and only periodically washed. It also depicts inmates/patients required to strip naked publicly, force feeding, and indifference and bullying on the part of many of the institution's staff."] ['The film includes profiles of twenty-two notable and influential talents in the comics field, such as Charles Burns, Art Spiegelman, Françoise Mouly, Frank Miller, Stan Lee, Will Eisner, Robert Crumb, Harvey Pekar and William M. Gaines. In interviews, the creators discuss their contributions and history, and read passages from their works over filmograph animations. Montages of comics through the decades, archival scenes of politically important moments, and a live-action Zippy the Pinhead are featured.'] ['The film focuses on the forever changed lives of New Orleans residents after Hurricane Katrina hit. The film shows the citizens in the midst of disaster dealing with death, devastation and disease. In a statement made by director Spike Lee about the film he states, "New Orleans is fighting for its life. These are not people who will disappear quietly&nbsp;— they\'re accustomed to hardship and slights, and they\'ll fight for New Orleans. This film will showcase the struggle for New Orleans by focusing on the profound loss, as well as the indomitable spirit of New Orleaneans."Synopsis of When the Levees Broke at HBO.com This particular documentary is Spike Lee\'s third, preceded by 1997\'s 4 Little Girls and 2002\'s Jim Brown: All-American. Shooting for the film began some three months after Hurricane Katrina hit. Lee along with his camera crew took the first of eight trips to New Orleans where they conducted interviews and taped footage for the film. It was Lee\'s hope to obtain varying opinions of the storm and response to the storm\'s destruction. He interviewed nearly 100&nbsp;people of diverse backgrounds and opinions for his film.'] [' In the first part of the film the experts argue that due to the rural nature of Afghanistan and the autonomous nature of its tribal people, who adhere to a strict code of honour violated by the invading western forces, a troop surge similar to the one undertaken in Iraq will fail to work and will, in fact, fuel more anti-American terrorism.  In the second part of the film the experts argue that the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan was an artificial creation of 19th century British policy which has no reality for the Taliban, who, with the assistance of the weakened Pakistani government, which fears Indian encirclement, have re-invented themselves as a Pashtu nationalist army intent on controlling both countries.  In the third part of the film the experts argue that supply problems in a rural, mountainous, landlocked country, lack of oversight and accountability on private contractors resulting in war profiteering and hidden costs such as care for veterans have created an unsustainably expensive war which has contributed to the financial crisis.  In the fourth part of the film the experts, supported by interviews and disturbing footage from destroyed communities and IDP  camps, that the bombardment of villages and mosques resulting in the deaths and dismemberment of innocent civilians including children is converting villagers into suicide bombers for the Taliban.  In the fifth part of the film the experts argue that, due to the increased militarisation of the society and misogynist Mujahedeen who have taken key positions in the government and judiciary, violence against women, including rape, child abduction and acid attacks, has increased and statistics about literacy, age range and maternal and infant mortality have not improved since the US invasion.  In the sixth and final part of the film the experts argue that the avowed aim of making America more secure is untrue and the world is now less safe for Americans and American operations overseas as terrorism has increased due to the US governments attempts to fight a conventional war in Afghanistan where Al Qaeda no longer has a substantial presence.'] ["Using film made at American prisons, Leuchter talked about his upbringing where his father was a corrections officer. Through his family associations, young Leuchter claimed he was able to witness an execution performed in an electric chair. Leuchter's impressions of the event was that the electric chairs used by American prisons were unsafe and often ineffective. The event led him to design modifications to the device that were adopted by many American states. Leuchter claimed he was invited to other American prisons to inspect and design modifications to their electric chairs. Though not possessing any formal training or education in the matter Leuchter claims he was told that the individuals who did possess formal and accepted qualifications would not provide advice due to their opinions on the death penalty, fear of reprisals or that they were squeamish about the subject. Leuchter's career continued with other state prisons seeking his advice on execution facilities other than electrocution, such as gas chambers and lethal injection. Though initially professing his ignorance of other methods of execution, the authorities seeking his advice reminded him that others with more qualifications refused to help. Leuchter claimed to have taught himself on these other methods of execution and provided advice that was used by the authorities to improve safety and efficiency. His fall began when Leuchter claimed to have been sought as a witness for the defence of Ernst Zündel on trial in Canada for publishing and sending material denying the Holocaust overseas. Leuchter was asked by the defence to travel to Poland to visit Auschwitz to investigate whether there had been operating gas chambers for executions at the camp. At his first examination Leuchter felt that using poison gas in a building with the internal and external design of the buildings currently on display in the site would have caused the death of everyone in the area outside the buildings as well as inside. The film shows videotape footage taken in Poland of Leuchter taking samples of bricks in the buildings to take back to the United States forensic science crime labs to determine whether there was evidence of poison gas in the material. As per the usual procedure the samples were not identified where they came from. Leuchter claimed the laboratories claimed there was not any trace of any poison gas at any time. As publicity ensued, Leuchter lost his positions as consultants to American prisons."] ['This documentary is the first part of the three-dimensional computer-animated film trilogy. It gives a detailed overview about the architecture and building measures at the historical Berlin government district between 1932 and 1945. Through showmanships and cuts there are shown structural alterations and spatial relation which is not possible with a classic photograph-show. The following streets are shown in the movie: * Vossstrasse * Wilhelmstrasse * Wilhelmplatz Additionally, the following buildings and places are specially mentioned: * Reich Chancellery * Palais Borsig * Hotel Kaiserhof * Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda * Mohrenstrasse'] ['After the ikiza , the Burundi refugees exiled in Tanzania founded the Party for the Liberation of the Hutu People. Its armed representative is the NLF, the National Liberation Front. In 2006, after prolonged negotiations with the opposition and the Army, the president of Burundi made a public call, over the radio, to all NLF soldiers asking them to step away from the armed front and voluntarily join the peace process. Within this context, Tune in to Peace enters the lives of three young people: Désiré, Jean Claude and Jérémie, all ex members of the NLF.'] ['Eat the Document includes footage from the infamous Manchester Free Trade Hall concert, wherein an audience member shouted "Judas!" during the electric half of Dylan\'s set. Dylan\'s band during these shows were The Hawks . Songs from various shows throughout the tour featured in the film include "Tell Me, Momma", "I Don\'t Believe You", "Ballad of a Thin Man", and "One Too Many Mornings." Other scenes include Dylan and Robbie Robertson in hotel rooms writing and working through new songs, most of which remain unreleased and unpublished. Among these songs are "I Can\'t Leave Her Behind", which was later covered by Stephen Malkmus for the I\'m Not There soundtrack. The film also includes a piano duet with Johnny Cash performing Cash\'s "I Still Miss Someone".  Some bootleg versions of Eat the Document include a long scene featuring a possibly alcohol- or drug-impaired Dylan in a limousine with John Lennon on 27 May 1966. As Dylan shows signs of fatigue, Lennon urges him to get a grip on himself: "Do you suffer from sore eyes, groovy forehead, or curly hair? Take Zimdawn!...Come, come, boy, it\'s only a film. Pull yourself together."Mojo, Launch Issue, October 1993, p.60 Lennon would later recall in an interview with Rolling Stone that he and Dylan were "both in shades, and both on fucking junk, and all these freaks around us... I was nervous as shit. I was on his territory, that\'s why I was so nervous."Rolling Stone article: "The Rolling Stone Interview: John Lennon, Part II"There\'s a Riot Going On by Peter Doggett, p. 537.'] ["On July 12, 1981 the Los Angeles Times published the first article in what came to be known as the “Marauders Series.” Full of negative stereotypes and inflammatory language, the series depicted African Americans and Latinos as ruthless thieves who committed crimes in affluent neighborhoods and who fled via L.A.'s freeways. Mexican-American reporters organized and approached the Los Angeles Times editors{{dn}} with a proposed new series: in-depth feature articles on Southern California Latino life that would go beyond depictions of poverty, gangs, and crime. Their innovative story approach and produced a 27-part-story project. Some of their non-hispanic newsroom colleagues made racist comments while the journalists worked, and the team had to fight to get the series nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. They won national recognition in 1984 when they became the first Latino journalists to win the Pulitzer Prize, winning journalism's top prize, the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service. Their efforts were finally recognized when they were awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, becoming the first Latino group to ever win the prize. They were honored at the Pulitzer Prize luncheon ceremony at Columbia University in New York where Walter Cronkite and Peter Jennings were in attendance. Above The Fold tells the story of a group of people fighting to make their own voices heard. And in doing so, present a complex and rich representation of Latinos in the news media and the U.S."] ['The film begins with a series of security footage of armed bank robberies  accompanied by the song Louie, Louie. Moore then uses an Encyclopædia Britannica archive video to compare modern-day America with the Roman Empire. The film then depicts home videos of families being evicted from their homes, as well as the "Condo Vultures," a Florida real estate agency whose business flourished with the increasing number of foreclosures. The film then cuts back to the past "golden days" of American capitalism following World War II, followed by a "bummer" speech by President Jimmy Carter warning Americans of the dangers of worshiping "self-indulgence and consumption". In the following Ronald Reagan years where the policies of Don Regan "turned the bull loose" for free enterprises, corporations gained more political power, unions were weakened, and socioeconomic gaps were widened. Moore suggests that Reagan was favored for his charisma and communication skills rather than effective leadership, and highlights one of Reagan\'s speeches in which Regan, somewhat indiscreetly, orders Reagan to "speed it up", and Reagan quickly obeys. The film then cuts to the kids for cash scandal, Captain Chesley Sullenberger\'s congressional testimony regarding airline pilots\' poor treatment, and coverage of "dead peasant insurance" policies, where companies such as Wal-Mart have insurance against losses caused when workers or suppliers die. Moore then interviews several Catholic priests, including Bishop Thomas Gumbleton , all of whom consider capitalism a "radical evil" contrary to the teachings of Christianity. The film then presents a parody of what would happen if Jesus was a capitalist who wanted to "maximize profits," "deregulate the banking industry," and wanted the sick to "pay out of pocket" for their "pre-existing condition" (via clips from the 1977 miniseries [[Jesus of Nazareth , in contrast with several news pundits who proclaim the success of various capitalist enterprises as being a "blessing from God." After referring to Dr. Jonas Salk, who for the public good, selflessly refused to patent the polio vaccine , Moore wonders about how the brightest of America\'s young generation are attracted into finance instead of science. Moore then goes to Wall Street seeking technical explanation about derivatives and credit default swaps, only to be advised "don\'t make any more movies". Eventually Marcus Haupt, a former VP of Lehman Brothers, agrees to help but fails at clearly explaining these terms. Harvard professor Kenneth Rogoff similarly fails. Moore eventually concludes that the complex system and terminology are merely there to confuse and "get away with murder", and Wall Street is just "an insane casino." Moore then explores the role of Alan Greenspan and the U.S. Treasury in leading up to the United States housing bubble that devastated the American middle class. Moore also interviews a former employee at Countrywide Financial responsible for their VIP program for "FOAs" and details how many members of Congress and political figures received favorable mortgage rates under the program. Moore then discusses with William Black, who analogizes the situation to the build-up of the collapse of a dam. The film then shows the series of events leading up to the passing of the 2008 bailout proposed by Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson . Moore then speaks with several Members of Congress, including Ohio congresswoman Marcy Kaptur, who agrees with Moore\'s comment that the passing of the bailout was a "financial coup d\'état". Moore interviews Elizabeth Warren, the head of the US Congressional Oversight Committee, the government agency serving as a watchdog for Congress\' wrongdoing. He asks her, "Where\'s our money?", referring to the $700 billion bailout money which Congress gave to the big banks and Wall Street investment companies. Warren replies, "I don\'t know." Advised by Warren to contact Paulson\'s office for answers, Moore\'s call is promptly disconnected upon recognition of his identity. He then goes to Wall Street demanding to "get the money back for the American people", but is denied entry into every office building of the major banks. The documentary features a number of positive portrayals, which include bailout watchdog Elizabeth Warren, Wayne County Sheriff Warren Evans, who put forth a moratorium on home evictions, and Ohio Representative Marcy Kaptur, who on the floor of the US Congress encouraged Americans to be "squatters" in their own homes, and refuse to vacate.<ref namehttp://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2009/oct/02/michael-moore/michael-moore-says-young-people-are-increasingly-w/|titleOctober 2, 2009|firstJacobson|workYoung | firstFilm Review: Capitalism: A Love Story | workhttp://www.filmjournal.com/filmjournal/content_display/reviews/major-releases/e3i2a62ee6983153e305592f2a0419f9dff | datePrometheus Global Media | accessdateNew York, New York}}'] ["Paul Goodman Changed My Life is the first documentary feature about Paul Goodman, social activist, lay psychologist, public intellectual and author best known for Growing Up Absurd. The film tells Goodman's story primarily through interviews with his contemporaries, with extensive use of archival footage and personal photographs, as well as readings of his poetry and journals."] ['Finding Kraftland is structured as a top ten countdown of the coolest attractions in Kraftland, which is the name given to Richard Kraft\'s house. Though the host, Stacey, continually bounces around between Richard Kraft\'s collectibles, the real focus of the film is the bond that develops between Richard and his son Nicky. Richard remarks that, when Nicky was born, he didn\'t know what to make of him, saying he felt as though an "alien being" was living with him. He then goes on to say that, around the time Nicky turns 3, he realizes that he is "the most interesting person on the planet." This begins a whirl-wind love affair between father and son that sees the two trek across the globe in order to ride every roller coaster, launch themselves into a zero-gravity flight, and generally seek as many thrills as life has to offer. This story unfolds as Richard\'s collection, which consists of James Bond collectibles from the 1960s, pieces of Disneyland and Walt Disney World attractions, thousands of board games, and advertising memorabilia from Richard\'s childhood, is displayed and poured over by Stacy. The other story line that develops is Richard\'s relationship with his deceased parents and older brother, David Kraft, who died in 1993 due to Crohns Disease. The documentary comes to a climax when it is discovered that Richard has also developed Crohn\'s.'] ["Featuring concert footage of legendary Los Angeles punk bands and interviews both with band members, the publishers of Slash fanzine, and with the punks who made up their audience, the film offers a look into a subculture that was largely ignored by the rock music press of the time. The promotional poster for The Decline  featured a close-up frame of Germs singer Darby Crash supine on stage with his eyes closed. Crash died from a heroin-induced suicide shortly before the film was released . Bands included are Black Flag, Germs, X, Alice Bag Band, Circle Jerks, Catholic Discipline, and Fear. The Germs' performance was replicated in the film What We Do Is Secret biopic, as well as a replication of the image on the soundtrack's front cover."] ['Opening *Footage of the protests at the 27th G8 summit in Genoa. *Fidel Castro gives a speech. John Zerzan *John Zerzan is interviewed. RealDoll *RealDoll manufacturer gives a tour of his warehouse, showing the variety and cost of the sex-dolls. Cuba *Mirta Muñes shows the Cuban ration card, Cuban toothpaste. *Pre Fidel Speech Parade, Fidel going up to the pulpit. *Tania speaks about having gone out of Cuba, amazed by supermarkets, McDonald\'s, and gaining a lot of weight. Internet *Internet-wealthy Svante says he hates money, feels empty. *John Zerzan on emptiness in consumer society. *Balmer\'s monkeyboy dance and then "I love this company" statement intermixed with workers stretching, then Fidel Castro lip-synched to "I love this company". *footage from Alang, India where it says 40,000 workers scrap ships to recycle steel. *John Zerzan speech saying violent protesting is better than peaceful protesting, intermixed with a car show, and protesting. New Ethic *John Zerzan says corporate property of Starbucks or similar is the main target of his criticism due to being understood as destructive and wiping out freedom and diversity. *footage of primitive man. *landfills, with conclusion: there is a paradigm shift coming where people will not want corporate products and will desire a simple, fulfilling life. This can be understood ironically. Credits'] ["After an animated introduction about the history of extinct species  it has gone to 60 countries and territories (including Turkey, Spain, Germany, Poland, Australia, Borneo, Chile, Spitzbergen, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, India, [[Java  on all continents and to the most famous national parks. Species like the Hamilton's frog  or the Javan Rhinoceros were filmed for the very first time. Other sequences including footage of the Kakapo, the Takahe, the dancing of the Red-crowned cranes, the fishing Kodiak Bears, the Whooping Crane, the Asiatic Lion, the Komodo Dragon, the Tuatara, the Indri, and the Birds of Paradise. In particular the filming of the Whooping Cranes was the result of adventurous circumstances. Because the Whooping Crane was among the rarest birds in the world in the early 1960s there was no permission to entry the Aransas National Wildlife Refuge in Texas. Fortunately the cranes were provided with food by a plane and during that time the birds came to a wetland in the proximity of the fence. Schuhmacher and Barth planted themselves in a boat in a channel in front of the fence and were able to take some footage from a female and a chicken."] ["Allison, an environmentalist, and Heuer, a wildlife biologist, follow a herd of 120,000 caribou on foot, across 1,500 kilometres  of Arctic tundra, in order to raise awareness of threats to the caribou's survival.{{cite web}} At stake is the herd's delicate habitat, which is threatened by proposed petroleum and natural gas development in the herd's calving grounds in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge."] ['The film focuses on the work of Shah Newaz, a long time Grameen Bank manager, and Alethia Mendez, a Grameen America Center Manager, as they undergo the process of successfully establishing the programs of Grameen America in Queens, New York. The film features stories of some of Grameen America\'s first clients, women below the poverty line working to build businesses such as a hair salon and a bakery. It shows Newez and Mendez working out of a small office and holding group meetings in people\'s homes, as group meetings are a core element of the Grameen Bank peer lending model.Grameen America - How GA Works - The Model Yunus, a former Fulbright Scholar from Bangladesh, is known for developing the concept of microcredit, the extension of small loans to entrepreneurs with no collateral to qualify for traditional bank loans. His concept of microcredit and his desire to reduce the number of people living in poverty led to the creation of Grameen Bank to support people within Bangladesh, and then the Grameen Foundation for supporting people internationally. Cofounded by Yunus, Grameen America opened in January 2008 with a mission "to help create a world free of poverty."Grameen America homepage In June 2010, Grameen America reported that it had disbursed approximately $4.3 million in loans to 2,002 borrowers and had maintained a repayment rate of 99%.Grameen America'] ['Raymond Kurzweil, noted inventor and futurist, is a man who refuses to accept the inevitability of physical death. He proposes that the Law of Accelerating Returns—the exponential increase in the growth of information technology—will result in a "singularity", a point where humanity and machines will merge, allowing one to transcend biological mortality: advances in genetics will provide the knowledge to reprogram biology, eliminate disease and stop the aging process; nanotechnology will keep humans healthy from the inside using robotic red blood cells and provide a human-computer interface within the brain; robotics, or artificial intelligence, will make superhuman intelligence possible, including the ability to back up the mind. Against this optimistic backdrop of human and machine evolution, concerns about Kurzweil\'s predictions are raised by technology experts, philosophers, and commentators. Physician William B. Hurlbut warns of tragedy and views Kurzweil\'s claims as lacking a more moderate approach necessitated by biological science. AI engineer Ben Goertzel champions the transhumanist vision, but acknowledges the possibility of a dystopian outcome. AI researcher Hugo de Garis warns of a coming "Artilect War", where god-like artificial intellects and those who want to build them, will fight against those who don\'t. Kevin Warwick, professor of Cybernetics at University of Reading, advocates the benefits of the singularity, but suggests the Terminator scenario could also occur. Dean Kamen observes that advances in technology have finally made immortality a reasonable goal.'] ["The film is about a reality show organized by Star Ananda, where the two finalists, Arka  from the hills and Dodo ([[Rahul Banerjee  from Sundarbans Sajnekhali, are given two tasks to fulfill. Dodo is given the duty of a police constable at Bhawanipur police station while Arka is given the duty of a driver. They are given three days and two nights to battle out and the prize is fixed at Rs. 1 Crore. The one who makes fewer mistakes wins the jackpot. Anchor Suman Dey becomes the host, a runaway from a mental hospital. Mayhem begins when Piu’s older sister and brother-in-law report at the Bhawanipur police station  and Arka comes to know about Piu’s problems. As Arka and Dodo are in disguise, they use fake names to cover up their identity. Arka becomes Jackie and Dodo becomes Potla. Thus while Arka flees to the hills with Piu to fulfill his job and win the money, Dodo with Goldar and Mithu start chasing them, not knowing that Piu is actually with Arka. After a lot of hue and fuss Arka manages to take Piu to her lost love  and Dodo catches up with them. Arka and Dodo are crowned champions. Arka donates the entire Rs. 50 lakh for Piu's medical expenses. Dodo donates his share of Rs. 50 lakh for the same noble cause. It’s revealed that Dodo and Arka are best friends and Dodo had persuaded Arka to participate in the show. Mithu and Dodo become love birds, while Arka devotes his concentration to the orphaned, lonely and mentally stagnated Piu."] ['The recycling underworld of Sao Paulo, Brazil is the background to this documentary centering on Claudieni, father to 27 children. In his green VW bus, he visits the Santa Efigenia neighborhood of Sao Paulo to recycle plastic, cardboard, and computers and other electronic equipment. He and his family represent the lower class of people who are discriminated against by other strata of society. The film will have its U.S. West Coast premiere at the San Francisco Green Film Festival in March 2011.IMDB entry'] ['The movie begins with the following statement:{{cite news}} : "This is a film about radical Islamic terror. A dangerous ideology, fueled by religious hatred. It\'s important to remember most Muslims are peaceful and do not support terror. This is not a film about them. This is a film about a radical worldview, and the threat it poses to us all, Muslim and non-Muslim alike." The film uses many images from Arab TV, provided by the Middle East Media Research Institute and Palestinian Media Watch.'] ['The film begins with a headmaster\'s voice telling a large group of children he knows they have been playing on the railway with a young boy sitting on a railway bridge wall. As he ponders on his thoughts, he considers the idea of holding an Olympic Games-style sports event on the railway line. The rest of the film shows his imagined idea of what would happen, with children being split into four competitive teams to take part in different activities often carried out by young people trespassing on the railway. Three "games" are held, in which the children are challenged to break through the fence surrounding the railway line, play "chicken" with the trains and throw things at passing trains. Each time we see the tragic consequences of these activities, such as one scene where a driver\'s face is shredded by broken glass after a child throws a brick through the train window. The final task is for the children to run through a tunnel, but after they enter, we see a train approaching. Only four children cross the end of the tunnel, each of them injured terribly. One boy who crosses the finish line collapses as the overhead speaker announces the final results. The film finishes as a group of adults appear and go into the tunnel to carry out the bodies of the dead and injured children, which are then laid out in a long line along the railway track. The camera pans out to show all the dead and bloodied children along the track before returning to the boy sitting on the railway bridge wall, who seems to be reconsidering the idea. ĊJ'] ['Boston bagel maker Larry Baras, who had no sports management experience,http://www.film.com/movies/holy-land-hardball/21628133 wanted to create a professional baseball league in Israel. He recruited former Jewish major leaguers Art Shamsky, Ken Holtzman, and Ron Blomberg as team managers in the Israel Baseball League.'] ["Human Terrain has two narrative components. The first is an inquiry into the HTS program, which is based around footage of the directors' visits to the HTS training base at Fort Leavenworth and of interviews with HTS personnel, US Government officials, and academic commentators on the HTS program.{{cite journal}} The second is an account of Michael Bhatia's involvement in HTS, which centers around an exploration of his reasons for joining the program."] ["Freedom Machines studies the concept of diversity through the intimate stories of adults and children with disabilities who are using modern technologies to change their lives. Among them are Susanna who is beginning her college career, 38 year old Floyd Stewart who was paralyzed in mid-life while raising four children; 92 year old Gladys who is determined to overcome a hearing loss; and high school student Latoya Nesmith who dreams of becoming a translator at the United Nations. Fifteen years after passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, Freedom Machines is a reflection on the status of life of America's largest minority group: 54 million people with disabilities.  with running times  * Susanna - Growing Up with Technology  * The Movement for Civil Rights  * Bonita - Reaching Beyond Expectations  * Floyd - The Accident of Disability  * Shoshana & Jackie Brand - Breaking Through & Parent Advocacy  * Latoya - Public Education & the Law  * Gladys - Challenging the Limits of Age  * Bonita - Seeking Employment  * Floyd - Independence and Public Policy  * Funding Assistive Technology  * Latoya - A New High School  * Susanna - First Day of College  * Kent Cullers - A Life in Science  * Dean Kamen & Others - Designing An Accessible World  * End Credits   with running times  * Technology for You  * Getting the Technology You Need  * Your Legal Rights  * Designing for Everyone"] ["Riding Solo is a film about filmmaker Gaurav Jani’s solo motorcycle journey from Mumbai to one of the remotest places in the world, the Changthang Plateau in Ladakh, bordering China. Jani was a one-man camera crew unit who loaded his Royal Enfield Bullet 350CC Motorcycle  with {{convert}} of equipment/supplies and set off on a journey to one of the world's most difficult terrains."] ['The first experience follows Jeffrey and his brother Clifford to the streets of New York City where the boys live with the homeless for a week in one of the coldest winters on record. The boys look for hope and camaraderie among their homeless companions, learning how to survive on the streets. During their second experience, the brothers join a group of surfers from Surf For The Cause {{cite web}} traveling to Peru. There, they visit a hospital for abandoned children in the foothills of the Andes Mountains. The boys are surprised to find joy among the children and their caretakers despite serious medical problems. Throughout the story, the film features commentary from spiritual, artistic, and medical experts and philosophers, including William B. Hurlbut M.D.; Rabbi Simon Jacobson; Dr. Alveda King; and Rev. Richard Neuhaus. Their final experience takes the brothers, along with their friends Michael Campo and Matthew Sanchez, to Africa. Michael is on his way to visit a leper colony in rural Ghana. On their way to the colony, the boys meet victims of AIDS and their families. Once they reach the leper colony, they befriend disfigured lepers who have been exiled from their villages. At the end of the film, the boys return to their life in New York with a changed outlook and insight into the human condition. Also, at the end of the film Jeffrey and Clifford have a surprise meeting with their father and are reunited with their father. Their father has not seen his children in 10 years, but Jeffrey and Clifford still love him.'] ["The documentary begins without narration as a plane lands down in the remote part of the desert where Chicken Ranch is situated while a number from the Broadway Musical based on the Texas situated Ranch is played. Before the documentary scenes begin, we are advised that the women working at Chicken Ranch only work for three weeks out of the month and that their earnings are split 50/50 with the owner . Our introduction to the Ranch is of the girls being led into the parlor  to be lined up in front of two potential clients for choosing. In another room, Madame Fran busily takes calls and quotes services to a client over the telephone. The camera goes from room to room following the daily routines of the girls as they put makeup on and get dressed up provocatively. Ranch owner Walter Plankinton walks around trying to influence the girls to dress and be styled more exquisitely than what the clients left at home but is disregarded by all the females in the room. While there are several females in the ranch that share the camera time, the documentary itself focuses frequently on two particular young prostitutes, Mandy and Connie. Mandy is the typical busty blonde, doing well for herself and seeming to connect well to her clients whereas alternatively, Connie is finding it harder and harder to work in the Ranch due to her growing dislike of being used by men. In a brief scene of Claudia and Connie doing their makeup and getting ready for work, they discuss their 'previous lives' before coming to the Ranch, both revealing they have come from bad relationships with men. In the parlor, Mandy and J.J. are running around the table enjoying a momentary lighter side of life. A small group of Japanese tourists arrive, led by a travel agent who is the only one who can speak English and interpret. After several moments of the uncomfortable language barrier and not understanding the rules, Madame Fran gets irritable and direct and encourages the men to pick a lady. Most of the girls are chosen, the remaining few  sit in the parlor with the remainder of the tour. Connie engages the travel agent in conversation but is unable to get a client to take her to her room. During a cigarette break, Connie, Linda and Diane discuss their strategies and techniques  and have candid discussions about what they hate. Connie reveals why she is growing to hate men so much and explains that her technique is to use her hand to get a man off as quickly as she can so that if possible, there doesn't actually need to be any intercourse at all . Two French journalists arrive while the girls are still in the process of waking up. One girl admits that she has nightmares if a client disappoints her while Mandy admits that she had a nightmare that a client cut her head off. Madame Fran is seen giving the girls access to the normally locked cabinet to retrieve their contraceptive pills, vitamins and other medications revealing the Ranch's strict policy on drugs, alcohol and medicating responsibly. Brothel owner Walter Plankinton gives an interview to the French journalists in the parlor of the Ranch and talks righteously about the services they provide to the public is a 'form of love'. Claudia and J.J. show the journalists to one of the rooms with a specialist 'passion chair' which allows for thirty-two different positions, some of which they demonstrate for the camera. Following the interview, Walter and Fran confront their 'ladies' about them running a game where they try to get the men in and out of their bedrooms as quick as possible. The group of Japanese tourists have reported the ladies for servicing them in ten minutes flat. After Walter explains that the prices were raised on the tours and now that the girls are earning $64 per trick, the girls are gently warned off and that if these situations continue to occur, a clock will be set each time they take a new client to ensure the man gets what he pays for. The camera focuses briefly on Connie who tries to hide she is visibly annoyed. A middle-aged client who is employed as a long-distance trucker arrives and choses Mandy for her services - in the bedroom they privately discuss the price and variety of what she can offer him. He is advised for straight sex it would be a couple of hundred dollars, but he wants services for under fifty. He claims he can't afford anything more than sixty dollars and her desperation to get the client's money leads her to agreeing to straight sex for twenty minutes for sixty dollars. In the office area, Fran is seen counting the money and noting down income. Connie is taken to the parlor area by owner Walter for a discussion. Connie is told her services have suddenly fallen out of demand and that her intake the previous week had been almost $2000 whereas now her income has fallen dramatically because no one is booking her. Connie - normally quite in control of her emotions - lets her walls drop and begins to weep admitting she's not particularly sure why men no longer want to be with her and she wants Walter to tell her why he thinks that is. Walter gently suggests that he suspects that something in her attitude is turning men off  but he suggests she take her week off to pull herself together and get her confidence back. J.J. and Claudia are seen in a bedroom smoking marijuana and keeping an eye out for Fran or Walter. The two have a fight with deodorant cans afterwards trying to hide the smell of smoke. Connie and Linda are sitting in one of the rooms talking. The conversation begins with Connie determining if she should straighten out her hair or not as she thinks it is hurting her desirability. Linda admits openly that when she first saw Connie's frizzy hair that she personally thought the girl would never make money in their trade. Connie explains that after her time off if she returns and Walter is still at the Ranch, then she won't stay as she 'can't handle him'. It is revealed through the discussion that Walter is starting to sexually harass Connie since her last return and she can't take it as she was always taught to never have sex with an employer. Connie admits she would like to leave the Ranch and go travelling or go to college but in order to do either it takes money which means doing what she does. The conversation concludes with Connie deciding she will eventually straighten her hair as it has to be the reason she isn't booking clients. Diane begs for Fran's help with a client known as Buck who expects services for $20 which is under the Ranch minimum spend of $50. At this point, it is revealed that the services are expensive because the girls are checked over by doctors to ensure they don't have sexually transmitted diseases. As Buck waits in the parlor for his friend to be serviced by one of the other girls, he tries to buy the services of Connie and the other girls for the $20 he has. Connie becomes increasingly hostile during the conversation, especially when Buck suggests his friend is being ripped off. Following the altercation with Buck, Fran decides to open the liquor cabinet and allow the girls the opportunity to dance and unwind in the parlor. The girls are seen slow dancing with each other and enjoying themselves. The next night the girls and Fran are in the parlor for a meeting because Walter is unhappy that the girls got drunk while business hours were still going on elsewhere in the building causing frustration for another girl who was trying to service a client. A mention is made of a ghost in the Ranch called 'Harold' that the girls talk about to scare each other with frequently - a fine of $100 is to be put in place the next time a girl mentions 'Harold' in future. Some time later  J.J. decides to leave the Ranch. She is seen packing in her room; in a discussion with Mandy a short while later she admits that the business is starting to mess her up emotionally as three weeks of work at a time is making her feel like a machine. J.J. reveals she was very happy in her her original profession as a cosmotologist but she just wasn't making enough money to support herself and her husband with. In the morning, Ginger, Joey and Claudia are awakened for a line up in the Parlor following J.J.'s resignation from the brothel. While the two clients are being serviced, Fran goes to the living room to talk to J.J. who is stuck at the Ranch until she can be picked up by car. Fran advises J.J. to call her if things don't work out or if she ever needs a friend to talk to, J.J. admits she will keep in touch regardless as she will mess everyone. Fran hopes things will work for J.J. but advises her to be careful as she has seen girls leave before to go back to men who only want to pimp the girls out and she doesn't want to see this happen. A few of the prostitutes wish J.J. goodbye; later, thanksgiving comes along and the remaining girls on the ranch celebrate with Walter and Fran. Walter gives a religious speech about all the nice things that have happened recently and that all the people who have come to the brothel has been thanks to God. The girls toast to a wonderful holiday and then following their meal, go out to line up in front of more clients. While the clients are being serviced, Connie dances provocatively in the parlor to music from the record player. After thanksgiving Walter fires Mandy. Mandy is seen rushing to pack her bags following some kind of altercation with Walter. Walter enters Mandy's room while the cameras are rolling and warns the director to stop filming and that he wants the film reel from this scene so it doesn't end up being put in the documentary. Moments later, Mandy is seen in the office after speaking to an airport on the phone as she tries to desperately get the next plane out of there; near tears she tells the director  that Walter threw all her luggage outside and told her to walk because she'd apparently 'quit'. So angry is Mandy that she tells the director Walter wouldn't even allow her a ride on his airplane . The firing of Mandy stems from her booking a client with Jacuzzi extra for $150  and Walter deducting $20 dollars of the fee for the plane ride to the ranch before Mandy has had her 50/50 cut of her profits, meaning she is several dollars short on her earnings. As the director tries to query Mandy what started the argument, Walter comes into the hallway and warns the director again if they don't stop filming the situation at that moment, the film is stopping indefinitely and he will rip it all up and he will sue. At this point, the documentary is ended absolutely with a short scene of a car driving away from the ranch  and no follow up information is offered as to what happened to J.J. or Mandy or any of the other girls."] ['Pat Farley, a heavy combat vet, volunteered for service in Vietnam and was discharged with a full psychiatric pension. Conversely, Brant Page evaded the draft and fled to the Hawaiian Islands where he was pursued and eventually arrested by the FBI. While following the lives of these two surfers the film chronicles the impact of the Vietnam War on the surfing lifestyle.'] ['The documentary tells its story by focusing on the careers of six women—The Fabulous Moolah, Mae Young, Gladys "Kill \'Em" Gillem, Ida May Martinez, Ella Waldek and Penny Banner. It begins by describing the beginning of wrestling in the 1930s. By the 1940s, American men had to leave the country to fight in World War II, leaving females to take over the sport. At first, women\'s wrestling was seen as a side-show, and it was banned in several states. The film mostly focuses on these years—the 1940s—along with the 1950s and 1960s, better known as the "heyday of women\'s wrestling", when the sport became more accepted and popular. The six women are interviewed and tell their stories of why they entered wrestling. They also share tales of being exploited financially, unruly fans, and being physically abused. The film splices in archival footage of their matches, television clips, and footage from a 1951 movie entitled Racket Girls in between interviews. The film also covers their post-wrestling occupations: lion-tamer, detective, nurse, and yodeler. The film ends with footage from the Gulf Coast Wrestlers Reunion, where they meet to swap stories.'] ['In 1959, Mao Zedong had imposed a ban on the sport of boxing in China considering it "too Western and brutal". The ban was lifted in 1987 and boxing began being taught in schools. The film is about Qi Moxiang, a boxing coach who, alongside Zhao Zhong, the boxing program director, goes to rural China to recruit from ordinary peasant hopefuls to be trained for a possible sporting and Olympic career. The documentary shows his visit to Huili County in the southwestern Sichuan province, and documents the young athletes chosen there.<ref namehttp://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/arts/movies/china-heavyweight-a-rocky-road-to-redemption/article2428859/|authorChina Heavyweight: A Rocky road to redemption|dateThe Globe and Mail|accessdate=13 May 2012}} The film concentrates on two of the boys: Miao Yunfei and He Zhongli whom coach Qi has brought to the Chinese provincial finals. In addition, to provide a role model for his students, Qi decides to fight professionally again against a much younger rival from Japan.'] ['«During an Easter celebration, on a Good Friday, black night, hooded figures dressed with black mantles walk in deep silence, only broken by the noise of a rattle and by the canticles of a young Veronique rising in her hands a sheet with the bloody face of Christ stamped on it. She sings a song of grief and sorrow in an understandable language, telling an old story. The chorus of the hooded men answers to her complaints, echoed by a music band. At each turning point of the procession, now under a burning sun, other figures appear, bent on the earth, other voices, other sweaty faces. At each blow of the sickle, at each progress of the harvest, at each hit of the hoe, at each impromptu of a native poet, Anastásio Pires, Gil Quintas, or the bohemian Joaquim, the dishes’ seller, the portrait is drawn, the true story is told. The rattling and the Veronica’s song sounds again. And the procession proceeds until the moment in which, with a strong blow, the coffin cover falls over the body of Christ. The story which is told is of pain and wandering. The motive is the same as when people talk in front of a glass of wine, of a bit of bread with a slice of cheese. We can see that something happened, by that time, which was not deserved. Now we can see that, extinguished all hopes in a project that was not accomplished, the Alentejo, a singular and attaching land, still had a memory, was still alive. The actors of this film tell what happened. In each of these stories, the main character is Man» ..'] ['In search of happiness, Sara immerses herself in her imagination. She is a fourteen-year-old girl who has lived in an orphanage since birth. She doesn’t know anything about her past or her real identity. The film shows the extract of the colorful images from her dreams.'] ["Diary of a Tired Black Man is both a narrative dramatic-comedy that is also combined with documentary footage shot across the country. The scripted narrative portion centers around James  and his wife Tonya , and James' struggle to deal with his wife's outbursts of anger and antagonistic behavior. The documentary portion of the film follows Tim Alexander as he goes around getting feedback, opinions and commentary from real-life African-American men and women in various cities across the United States about the challenges they deal with in their marriages and dating relationships."] ['The documentary looks at the lives and opinions of several gay members of the US Republican Party, including:<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/review/VE1117925576?refcatidFilm Reviews - Gay Republicans | authorVariety | yearNovember}} * Maurice Bonamigo, a Palm Beach hairstylist who was a strong supporter of George W. Bush and his policies; * Carol Newman, an attorney from Los Angeles who has proposed to her life partner; * Steve May, a former state legislator who comments on perceived changes to the party over time; and * Mark Harris, a gay rights activist with strong opinions on both sides of the debate.'] ["The film starts with a brief introduction to the work of Thomas A. Edison and a clip from William K.L. Dickson's Dickson Experimental Sound Film . Douglas Shearer then presents a behind the scenes look at the filming of W.S. Van Dyke's Bitter Sweet  featuring Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy to explain how the sound is recorded. A scene from King Vidor's Comrade X  featuring Clark Gable and Hedy Lamarr is used to demonstrate the final result. The film concludes with a montage from trailers for coming MGM pictures and a Technicolor screen test of Greer Garson for Mervyn LeRoy's Blossoms in the Dust ."] ['Director Reed Cowan, who is a former Mormon missionary, "planned on making a film about gay teen homelessness and suicide in Utah, but switched his focus to Mormon ideology because of how it contributes to the homophobia that causes these problems".{{cite news | url CNN | title\'nyt_review\'>{{cite news}}'] ['"A film about men and women, about marriage... families... having babies, about tradition, and the modern world... about who goes to school in Africa... and why girls are missing." - Official tag-line. Every year girls in African schools "go missing," from school classrooms. This film analyzes the stories of five schoolgirls and examines the causes and consequences of the high dropout rates among girls. The stories are told directly by Malawian and Guinean girls and their families.http://www.rockefellerfoundation.org/uploads/files/810ee710-87ef-4011-8786-f006a9f30c65-1995.pdf * Part I: Nadouba and Bintu in the West-African village of Gbonko, Guinea. * Part II: Ethel and her mother, in Muluma village, Malawi. * Part III: Taz and Patricia from elite St. Mary’s Secondary School in Zomba, Malawi. Also presented is a group of elders from a Malinké village conversing about the issue.'] ['The film follows the Artinian extended family with deafness through three generations over a year and a half, focusing on two brothers — Peter Artinian, who is deaf and Chris Artinian, who has proficient hearing — and their wives and children. Chris and Mari Artinian  find out that one of their newborn twins is deaf. They begin to research the cochlear implant and its advantages and disadvantages. While this is going on, Heather, Peter and Nita\'s oldest child, starts asking for an implant as well. The brothers, along with grandparents on both sides, become embroiled in a bitter argument over the importance of deafness, the best form of education for their kids, and the controversy of cochlear implants for young children. For Peter and his wife, Nita, it\'s their fear of losing a child to the "hearing world", and her losing the importance of Deaf culture, which concerns them. They ultimately decide to raise their children in a deaf-friendly community within the state of Maryland, while Chris and Mari\'s infant, Peter, is given cochlear implant surgery.'] ['The film tells the story of the heavily outnumbered infantry soldiers who fought off an assault by 1500 attackers who raided a section level outpost of an Infantry Battalion in South Waziristan Agency on the night of 29 May 2009. 43 Punjab jawans were killed in the battle, and their deaths are reenacted in the film, as well as the actions of two "Ghazis"--Sepoy Mashooq and Sepoy Muslim--who held their positions until reinforcements came. The film aims to depict the sacrifices and achievements of the Pakistan Army in the Global War on Terrorism as well as the Pakistan Army\'s "glorious resolve" to uproot the menace of terrorism from the "land of the pure".{{cite web}}'] ['The film opens with a shot of the North Sea Canal with a winged statue on the far side. Three men row towards the shore in a small rowing boat while a small boy waits on the quayside and then turns to face the camera. {{Cite web}}'] ['In the colonial era, the Grand Hotel in the city of Beira was the largest in Mozambique: 350 rooms, luxurious suites, Olympic-sized swimming pool… Nowadays the building is in ruins, with no electricity or running water, and is inhabited by 3500 people. Some have been living there for twenty years. The rooms, foyers, corridors, service areas, even the fridges and bathrooms of the hotel serve as home. But there’s no trace of sadness or self-pity in this documentary.'] ["An Inconsistent Truth is Valentine's investigation into man-made global warming. The title refers to Al Gore's documentary An Inconvenient Truth. Valentine talks with scientists and politicians who are skeptical of human caused global warming, and explores the culture of the global warming movement; often in a satirical way. {{cite web}} The topics covered include {{CO2}} being called a pollutant, Gore's contention that polar bears are dying off and the global ice is melting, among others. Valentine also delves into the motivation behind the movement."] ['"The Rhythm Of My Life: Ismael Sankara" follows in an unconventional way the journey of Ismael "Ish" Sankara, a former Miami based rapper, who traveled to Africa to visit family. Little did he know that Libreville  would be the place where the project of his dreams would fall on his laps.'] ['This film documentary uses the 1967 Six-Day War and its immediate aftermath as its basis.Cowie, Peter. 1977. World Filmography: 1967, London: Tantivy Press, pg. 294. ISBN 0-498-01565-3 The material primarily presents Israeli sources and perspectives. It has been characterized as an anti-war screed. The film was panned for presenting little footage documenting the war, as well as for conflicting, alternating viewpoints and overall lack of narrative focus.Survival 1967, Adler, Renata, The New York Times, movie review, 12 June 1968. Last accessed: 12 March 2012.'] ["Barbara Haskell, the curator at the Whitney Museum of American Art, offers her insight into Grooms's art pieces and their place within twentieth century art."] ['The film begins with director Barry Blaustein discussing his love for professional wrestling and clips of him viewing employees of the World Wrestling Federation and Extreme Championship Wrestling. He then decides to travel the United States over a three year period, endeavoring to understand the mindset of someone who would voluntarily choose to become a professional wrestler. Blaustein interviews a wide variety of wrestling personalities and ascertains their motivations. Blaustein focuses on three famous wrestlers, one at the height of his career , one contemplating retirement  and one at a career low . He begins by following Funk, a 53-year-old man in need of knee surgery who appears unable to retire, despite the mounting toll wrestling is taking on his body. Blaustein follows him as he competes at hardcore wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling\'s first pay-per-view event Barely Legal. Funk\'s sometime in-ring rival, Foley is profiled next. He has been taking increasingly risky falls (or "[[bump  and blows to the head, and at one point is heard talking incoherently as the result of a fall (from his Hell in a Cell match against The Undertaker at [[King of the Ring  which briefly rendered him unconscious. Clips of Foley with his wife and children are spliced with the clips of him risking his body for the sport. Later, in the film\'s climax, his wife and young children watch in horror from the front of the audience during Foley\'s "I Quit" match at the 1999 Royal Rumble, wherein he takes multiple unprotected shots to the head by Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson with a steel folding chair. Although he was once one of the more famous wrestlers in America, performing in front of tens of thousands of fans, he is now wrestling in small-town venues. In the course of the film, Roberts is shown smoking crack cocaine in a hotel room and attempting to reconcile with his daughter, as well as musing aloud about his increasingly illicit sexual dalliances while traveling. In addition, Darren Drozdov is a former NFL football player who is shown in an interview with Vince McMahon. Drozdov becomes a WWF wrestler, but at the end of the film, it is revealed that Droz was paralyzed in an in-ring accident from a botched maneuver several months later.'] ['The film focuses on the descendants of the DeWolf family, a prominent slave trading family from Rhode Island. The film follows them as they retrace the triangle trade starting at Linden Place in Bristol, Rhode Island, the hometown of the DeWolfs, where the family was prominent in the Bristol Fourth of July Parade, local Episcopal Church and other local institutions. The film then goes to Ghana where the slaves were purchased and then to Cuba where the DeWolfs owned a large plantation. The film competed in the Documentary Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.<ref namehttp://www.sundance.org/festival/press_industry/releases/pdf/2008_SFF_Announces_Films_In_Competition.pdf |title2007-11-28|accessdatePDF}}'] ['The film starts with a look at Blackwater contractors Scott Helveston and Jerry Zovko, who were killed in an ambush in Falujah due to company cost-cutting exercises. The film moves on to look at the involvement of poorly supervised private interrogators and untrained translators from CACI and Titan in the prisoner abuse scandal at Abu Ghraib. The loss of traditional military jobs, particularly in logistics, to private contractor KBR/Halliburton, who put workers like Tony Johnson and Steve Hullet in danger is analysed by the filmmakers, as is the costplus arrangement which encourages private contractors to overspend and overcharge for their services to ensure greater profits. Another major theme which reoccurs throughout the film is that of Corporations legally buying influence, through campaign contributions and a network of connections, at the highest levels of government which allows them to be rewarded sole-source contract without bidding and to cover-up their own failures.'] ['The film begins with a recap of Cobain\'s death and the media coverage which followed. Broomfield then interviews Cobain\'s aunt Mary who helped his love for music when he was a child. This interview is followed up with several from friends and schoolteachers who knew Cobain when he was growing up before moving onto Cobain\'s relationship with Courtney Love. After establishing the background the film moves on to detail the accusations that Cobain was murdered. Broomfield interviews Tom Grant, a private investigator who has alleged that Love may have conspired to kill her husband, and wants the case re-opened by the Seattle Police Department. Grant was hired by Love, but thinks it was just so people would believe that she was innocent. Hank Harrison, Courtney Love\'s father, is interviewed, and states he also believes that Cobain may have been killed in a conspiracy organized by Love. He has written two books about Cobain\'s death. The film also includes interviews with Portland drug culture celeb and former stripper, Amy Squier, about her explicit and personal knowledge of Kurt and Courtney\'s heroin use, and an interview with punk singer and media sideshow El Duce , who claimed that Love offered him $50,000 to kill Cobain. El Duce\'s band The Mentors was most famous as a paid spectacle on the staged talk show Hot Seat, where El Duce appeared alongside guitarist "Sickie Wifebeater" in the 80\'s, wearing a black hood and inciting the audience by claiming to endorse rape, drugs and illegitimate children.04/07/00: Wally George: "The Greatest Man Ever"YouTube - MENTORS on HOT SEAT part 1 In a similar vein, El Duce promoted his accusations regarding Love by appearing on The Jerry Springer Show and selling his story to The National Enquirer. El Duce claimed in the film that he knew who killed Cobain, but said he would "let the FBI catch him". Two days after that interview was filmed, El Duce was hit by a train and killed. The film also includes an interview with musician and friend of Cobain\'s Dylan Carlson, who had bought the shotgun that Cobain eventually used to kill himself with. Broomfield eventually moves away from the alleged conspiracy and the film turns into an investigation of Courtney Love\'s alleged suppression of free speech. Included in the film are phone calls from MTV saying that they were pulling out of financing the film , due to presumed pressure from Love. There is also an interview with journalist Victoria Clarke  about how Love and Cobain had threatened her while doing research for her book on Cobain and Nirvana. Broomfield includes clips in the film of the threats made by Cobain and Clarke details the story of Love assaulting her. The film concludes with Broomfield taking the stage at an ACLU meeting  in order to publicly question Love about her attempts to suppress free speech and the irony of her representing the ACLU. He is pulled from the stage by Danny Goldberg, Cobain\'s former manager.'] ['The film tells the story of two Rwandan women who come face-to-face with the neighbors who slaughtered their families during the 1994 genocide, and their personal journeys toward forgiveness. Featuring in-depth interviews with both survivors and murderers, As We Forgive provides an intimate, first-hand view of the encounters between genocide perpetrators and their victims’ families.'] ['Joe Pace, a radio talk show host whose program, The F Word, is being shut down by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission  after racking up over $1 million in unpaid indecency fines. On his last day on the air, which coincides with the last day of the 2004 Republican National Convention, Joe sets off to broadcast his own one-man march through Manhattan.'] ['The documentary tells the story of Chief Justice Inspector Friedrich Kellner and the ten-volume secret diary he wrote during World War II in Laubach, Germany, to record the misdeeds of the Nazis. The movie uses reenactments and archival footage and interviews to recount the lives of Friedrich Kellner, who risked his life to write the diary, and of his orphaned American grandson, Robert Scott Kellner, who located his grandparents in Germany, and then spent much of his life bringing the Kellner diary to the public.{{cite news}}'] ['A man holds a baby on a table next to a bowl containing fish. The baby begins putting his hand into the water while the man supports him. The scene is filmed by a stationary camera behind the table.'] ['Overnight is the story of Troy Duffy, a Los Angeles bartender and aspiring screenwriter who is also a musician in a band called "The Brood," along with his brother Taylor. At the beginning of the film, Troy is riding high: his script for The Boondock Saints has just been picked up by Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein for $300,000 and Duffy has been taken on by the William Morris Agency. Duffy, who had never made a movie or attended film school, will also direct the $15 million film. Moreover, his band will produce the soundtrack and get a recording contract from Maverick Records, and Weinstein will buy the bar Duffy works in and hire Duffy to run it. Duffy initially enjoys his new success, entertaining celebrities in his bar, dining at hotel restaurants, and moving into a production office where he holds teleconferences with producers. The movie deal, however, quickly turns sour, partially due to Duffy\'s own arrogant behavior. Believing himself to be the next power-player in Hollywood, Duffy insults actors who are in consideration for Boondock . Duffy threatens to leave William Morris in favor of a rival agency, and generally alienates both Weinstein and his own production team through his abrasive behavior. Ultimately, Duffy receives word of rumors that Weinstein, one of the most powerful producers in Hollywood, has had him blacklisted; Miramax puts the film in turnaround, conference calls are refused, and soon Duffy is without any movie industry contract at all. Duffy\'s musical efforts are equally ill-fated. Famed guitarist Jeff "Skunk" Baxter expresses interest in producing The Brood, singling out lead vocalist Taylor Duffy for particular praise. However, in recording sessions with Baxter and producer Ron St. Germain, Troy Duffy is filmed behaving dictatorially and refusing any advice that contradicts his opinion. Baxter also expresses concern about the band\'s heavy alcohol consumption. Renaming themselves The Boondock Saints, their debut CD sells only 690 copies, and the band is dropped from their contract. Duffy is finally able to obtain independent financing for the film, although it totals less than half of its original forecasted production budget. Boondock Saints is promoted at the Cannes film festival, but all the major American distribution companies pass on the film. The film manages to receive a limited release in five cities, but performs poorly and is pulled after a week, and is released on DVD and VHS. Although positive reviews of the movie begin to spread via word-of-mouth and the film becomes a financial success, Duffy\'s contract with Miramax stipulates he cannot profit from the film\'s video sales.'] ['At the age of 40, porn star Colton Ford decides to leave the industry and pursue his true calling — a singing career. He feels he has the voice, but his "overexposed" past could be the hook that gets him noticed or the hook that yanks him off stage. Naked Fame follows Colton and his former life-partner, porn star Blake Harper, as they try to ease their way back into the mainstream. The film examines the inner-workings of music industry and documents the emotional struggles involved in the pursuit of one\'s dreams. It contains footage and interviews from Chi Chi LaRue, Bruce Vilanch, Pepper Mashay and Lonnie Gordon, and Ford\'s parents.'] ['Bengal, Bengalis and the environment surrounding it gets engulfed in a carnival for 5 days sometimes around end September to mid October. The life and soul of the population gets engaged in it in some form or other through participation in organizing the festival, through business activities and even through social and cultural activities. The activities and the intensity differ from the various segments of the society. There are people who put in all their efforts and resources to lay down their merchandise in front of their customers. These include the street dwellers, the garment sellers, the designers and boutique. The husband-wife, the young lovers, the youth, the old, almost every one appears on the streets of Kolkata, to experience the feeling, to be a part of the biggest carnival of Durgautsav. Goddess Durga brings hope and prosperity. Goddess Durga demands commitment. A stroll down Kumartuli, the primary place for manufacture of the idols is all you need to experience the focus and determination in the eyes of the idol makers. Making of the idol involves delicate hands, to pile on the processed mud in different layers and create the structure. Final painting happens in different stages to bring out the finished product as a work of art. Jyanto Durga  is the live experience of another group whose participation in this carnival involves their mind, body and soul. These performing artists live in remote villages. They are dependent on Durga Puja to make their two ends meet. Jyanto Durga  unveils – their journey in its truest form – straight from their mouth – unscripted & untutored. It shows in natural format how the making of Devi Durga unfolds in its idol form as well as in form of Jyanto Durga . It depicts the activities performed on human body for the formation of Goddess Durga, Mahishasur, The Lion, Goddess Lakshmi, Goddess Saraswati, Lord Kartik and Lord Ganesha live idols – “Jyanto Durga”. Jyanto Durga  is an experience of the Durgautsav through this diminishing form of performing art. It is a tribute to the thousands of such artists who have brought joy in spite of the associated hardships. Synopsis'] ["The film is a documentary look at the director's family at home in the Cévennes, particularly his aunt Suzette."] ["The early portions of the film deal with the history of the Corps, from Colonial times to the 1942. The film's midsection details the arduous training procedure of the Few and the Proud at Parris Island and elsewhere. Finally, wartime newsreel footage is adroitly blended with dramatized re-enactments to illustrate the contributions, and the utter necessity of the marines in World War II."] ['A vibrant chronicle of one of today’s most notorious and revered live bands, Gogol Bordello, and front man Eugene Hütz’s gypsy-punk Ukrainian immigrant. Filmmaker Margarita Jimeno tracks their raucous gigs from 2001 to 2007, from NYC to Italy, as the band rises from dingy basements to international main-stages, from underground legends to international rock stars, music is non-stop.'] ['Debbie Escalante and her partner, the Cowboy, haunt a skate park, until a group of female skaters leave their dance class to combat Debbie.'] ['The documentary includes interviews with historians, reenactments, and photographs to help tell all sides of the Mountain Meadows Massacre.{{cite web}} It relies mainly on the research of Juanita Brooks, which is found in her book The Mountain Meadows Massacre.'] ['The documentary examines a boxing match that took place between undefeated prospect Billy Collins Jr and Luis Resto. The fight was on the undercard for a bout between Roberto Durán and Davey Moore. Resto unexpectedly beat the highly touted Collins in a 10-round unanimous decision; however, after the fight, Resto\'s gloves are found to be missing a significant amount of padding, an illegal tampering which allowed Resto to inflict greater damage on Collins during the fight. What began as a boxing match turned into a life altering moment for both participants - Collins\' career dreams ended and Resto and his trainer Panama Lewis landed in prison for their illegal actions. The subsequent investigation and trial have led many to declare this bout the darkest day in boxing history. The documentary is shot by former boxing manager Eric Drath, who hears the story of Luis Resto from various boxers. Drath feels compelled to try to exonerate Resto, whose life is in shambles in the aftermath of the fight and subsequent incarceration and ban from boxing. Drath says he believes Resto when he tells him he had no knowledge of the tainted gloves. In the course of the investigation, however, Drath uncovers a transcript of a police interview Resto gave during the criminal investigation. In the transcript, which was not admitted during Resto\'s assault trial, Resto admits that Panama Lewis had taken the gloves into the bathroom with Lee Black. When Drath confronts Resto with this evidence, Resto finally admits that Lewis had indeed taken the gloves. The documentary then focuses on Resto admitting this knowledge to members of Collins\' and his own family and asking for forgiveness. In the course of this journey, which takes him from the Bronx, to Virginia, to Miami, to Nashville, Resto admits he knew during the course of the fight that the gloves had been tampered with. He then admits he knew well before the fight that not only had the gloves been tampered with but that his hands were encased in plaster of paris. The documentary also shows the disparity between the lives of the two main figures, Resto and Panama Lewis. While Resto\'s life is in ruins, losing his family and career and spending ten years living in the basement of the gym where he used to train, Lewis, while still officially banned from boxing, is still very active in the boxing community. Lewis is shown at the press conference for an upcoming fight featuring Zab Judah, one of the fighters he trains, where he is still accepted by some in the boxing community while Resto is a pariah even with his own family. Lewis is still clearly making a good living as a trainer in the sport he is "banned" from, as evidenced by his gold chains and watches and stays at posh hotels, while Resto must catch a bus for seven hours to see his family. Resto implicated Panama Lewis as the brain behind the conspiracy to taint the gloves, but many questions still remain. What was Lewis\'s motive for gambling his livelihood and reputation on a Collins-Resto fight? Collins was still a prospect while Resto was considered journeyman. While Resto\'s motives remain unclear, there were unproven allegations that a cocaine dealer had wagered a large sum of money on Resto to win. Initially adamant that Lewis was the one who took the gloves into the bathroom, when confronted by Lewis in the parking lot of a gym, he appears to back off his allegations somewhat, admitting that cornerman Artie Curley had wrapped at least one of his hands. In addition to investigating Lewis as the primary factor to the incident, the documentary also speaks about the Collins family\'s litigious nature following the incident, suggesting that perhaps the family had taken advantage of Billy\'s injuries to get a large settlement from the state of New York State Athletic Commission, as well as forbidding Collins from further fights. The documentary suggests that this was possibly done to keep Billy from getting back in the ring, which likely would have invalidated the insurance claim they had made against the boxing organization.'] ['The film looks at the evolution of American popular music and discusses the marketing of contemporary pop stars. "The reality is that superficiality is in," says Marsalis. "And depth and quality is kind of out."'] ['The documentary follows Kobe Bryant during the 2007–08 NBA season throughout the April 13, 2008 game against the San Antonio Spurs.{{cite news}} Bryant provided the voiceover for the documentary on February 2, 2009, hours after he scored 61 points against the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden, a single-game record at the arena.{{cite news}}'] ['The film follows three climbers as they do the 3000-feet  vertical ascent of The Nose, the classic first big-wall climb on El Capitan. A fourth climber follows the group and films their ascent but is never seen in the movie. The climbers needs three days to reach the summit, which means they have to spend two nights sleeping on steep ledges waking to magnificent views. Several minutes of the film is filmed in the pitch black when the climbers are caught by nightfall before reaching a ledge to spend the night. The screen is dark when one climber is heard trying to belay another when a bolt breaks loose and the climbers fall, luckily unharmed.'] ["Bamba, a Senegalese man residing in Zaragoza, Spain, goes back to Dakar, Senegal to spend some time with his family. Who are they? What worries them and how do they deal with their loved ones' absence?"] ['The film consists of three short documentary films that show the faces and give voices to children orphaned by AIDS. The intentions of the documentary are to focus attention on the dismemberment of families in Mozambique due to AIDS, because it is a harsh reality and too often ignored.'] ['Two men stand working as blacksmiths. The one on the left of the screen repeatedly hammers an anvil while the man on the right winds a device. The man of the left then removes the metal he was hammering and places it into a bucket of water. At the end of the film a third man walks onto the screen from the left but the film ends before the reason for this is revealed.'] ['The film contains excerpts of speeches given by various Islamic organizations and terrorist groups, includes interviews with government officials, interspersed with footage of terrorist attacks, human rights violations, and growing support of internal jihadist movements. This is a film about radical Islam and the threats posed by those who practice this particular brand of Islam, not Islam as a whole.{{Citation needed|datekelly_regret/>'] ['A trip through 24 hours of the smallest capital in the world, Tórshavn, the film begins with a father and a daughter who are having breakfast when some fire trucks drive by. A woman and her child are looking at the fire and meet a married couple. The couple say hello to a man who is going out with his boat etc. Out of this emerges a kaleidoscopic story of both daily occurrences and dramatic situations, which in an entertaining and ironic way acts as a commentary on the Faroese, foreigners in the islands, as well as Faroese society in general.'] ['The film portrays the smart yet gritty comedy of Boston, a veritable melting pot of people of very different backgrounds: the multi-ethnic working class and the hip, learned college crowd. In an interview for the film, Solimita commented that "Those two things right next to each other created an odd vibe - really smart people who also understand a dollar earned. The comedy just sort of percolated." Along with its joyful \'insider\' look at comedy , the film also explores the darker side of the scene. Cocaine, the glamor drug of choice of the 1980s, was a problem in the circles of performers and club owners. Equally bad was the cut-throat competition between the clubs themselves. One of the film\'s most gripping sequences is the story of Steven Wright\'s appearance on The Tonight Show on 6 August 1982 http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0942833/. Apparently, Carson was so impressed with Wright that he invited him to sit down on the couch, an occurrence almost unheard of for first time guests.http://www.townonline.com/somerville/entertainment/view.bg?articleid&page=1 The event is presented as a boiling point; when the brash, rowdy, innovative Boston scene of the early 80s finally broke into the national spotlight.'] ['From the official website: :What do you get when you fall in love? "Inlaws & Outlaws" cleverly weaves together the true stories of couples and singles— both gay and straight — and all into a collective narrative that is as hilarious as it is heartbreaking. :At the top of the film, you meet real people one on one. You don’t know who’s gay or straight or who’s with whom. As their stories unfold and stereotypes fall by the wayside, you won’t care because you’ll be rooting for everybody. With candor, good humor, great music and real heart, Inlaws & Outlaws gets past all the rhetoric to embrace what we have in common: We love.http://www.inlawsandoutlawsfilm.com/about/the_pitch.php'] ['The film is a documentary that captures the family roots, cultural and academic that became Octavio Ocampo in one of the most recognized Mexican artists worldwide. For the first time, the artist opens the doors of his house to have contact with their parents and siblings , his first drawings, anecdotal stories of her artistic godmother Maria Luisa "La China" Mendoza and his workshop where he made most of his work.'] ['Paper Chasers is a depiction of the far-flung Hip hop scene, featuring such well-known artists as James Brown, Chuck D., Flavor Flav, Master P., Chris Bridges, and Russell Simmons. The title of the film it is derived from hip-hop terminology for an individual who is pursuing a lucrative goal or career, where paper money would be the reward for great effort. Director Maxie Collier and his crew traveled the United States in pursuit of musical paper chasers - music, art and fashion entrepreneurs both famous and unknown - and were lucky enough to chart the rise of hip hop superstar Ludacris. The film, which contains original music by the London-based music producer Charlie Parker, had its world premiere at the 2003 Tribeca Film Festival, and was subsequently released on DVD in 2005 by Koch Home Video Entertainment One the and broadcast numerous times on the Independent Film Channel .Paper Chasers at IFC Between 1999 and 2008, Collier conducted more than 200 interviews with entrepreneurs, artists, and executives across the country. In 2012, he launched Paper Chasers TV to share these archive and prepare for the 10 year anniversary film Paper Chasers 2.'] ['Ed Artis, Jim Laws, and Walt Ratterman are former soldiers and modern-day knights. In an Indiana Jones meets Mother Teresa adventure, they travel the world delivering life saving humanitarian aid directly into the hands of civilians and doctors in some of the most dangerous yet beautiful places on Earth, the front lines of war. They are self-styled Knights of Malta. In 1995, they formed Knightsbridge International, a unique humanitarian aid organization, whose motto is "High Adventure and Service to Humanity." Their specialty is going where death from landmines, bullets, or bombs is as frequent as death from hunger, disease, or the elements. Their personal convictions and courage drive them to places such as Afghanistan, Albania, Chechnya, Cambodia, Burma, Thailand, Rwanda, and the southern Philippines, often when few if any other humanitarian aid organizations are around. The camera follows Artis, Laws, and Ratterman as they take us on a journey into the heart of humanity and the soul of courage. Walt Ratterman died afterwards in the 2010 Haiti earthquake.'] ['In a rural village in Zimbabwe, a single woman, Nongoma, and her married neighbour, Tsitsi, fall in love. When their lesbian relationship is discovered, Nongoma flees to the city. When they are reunited by chance two years later, the women decide to move together to a village where nobody knows them.<ref nameb-k productions — Forbidden Fruit | url 2008-01-03 }} <ref nameBlizzard | first AGLIFF 2001 - International Girls / Sugar High Glitter City | publisher http://www.technodyke.com/features/090401_agliff1.asp | accessdate =2008-01-03 }}'] ["In 1969, Imam Abdullah Haron was incarcerated and killed in detention in Cape Town, South Africa. A much loved community leader, he was active within an inactive community in raising awareness of the plight of his fellow compatriots living under apartheid. During the 60s, Imam Haron became more active and began travelling abroad to raise funds for impoverished families back home. Mixing animation, documentary and stock footage, this short film looks at the last few years of the Imam's life and death. It is told by his grandson, the filmmaker, through the eyes of a child."] ['The film follows the preparation behind the service, as well as focusing on one particular journey. The \'star\' of the film is the Gresley A4 60017 Silver Fox, although the film makes a point of featuring many railway employees, for example the maintenance men, the driver and fireman and the station master at Waverley Station "who has a very high sense of occasion". The train completes its journey in its timetabled 6hrs 30mins. It is still highly regarded for its well-filmed sequences by cinematographer Billy Williams showing the operation of the East Coast main line and the Gresley A4 as it was in mainline use, for example the water scoop and corridor tender, although the whimsical verse commentary dates the work considerably.The Railway magazine, Volume 149, 2003. p.30 The film also offers a social record of the different hierarchies existing within the railway, as well as the fashion and people in the 1950s, albeit in a romanticised portrayal.Elizabethan Express at Moving History. Retrieved 4 February 2008.'] ['Shelter Dogs was filmed over three years at a rural New York State animal shelter run by Sue Sternberg.{{cite web}}'] ["The story of two dreams. Marem, a 14 year old dancer from Senegal, dreams of migrating to Europe, while Sonia, a Spanish dancer, feels drawn by the magic of Africa. Both are linked by Pap Ndiaye, Marem's father and Sonia’s husband. Africa isn't what Sonia had dreamt of , nor is Europe what Marem expected . Princess of Africa is a love story, full of music and dance, where nothing is what it seems and women are the main characters."] ['A musical journey among the many historic places and ethnic peoples of Anatolia, this documentary offers live recordings of 20 lesser-known or forgotten local folksongs, performed by the native artists of that particular region.'] ['The Cartoonist tells the inspiring story of Jeff Smith\'s creation of the epic comic book, Bone, hailed by Time Magazine as "one of the ten greatest graphic novels of all time."Arnold, Andrew D."No Bones About It", Time Magazine 2004-08-17 Fellow cartoonists Scott McCloud, Colleen Doran, Harvey Pekar, Paul Pope and Terry Moore, as well as friends, associates, experts and Jeff himself, share their stories of this worldwide phenomenon that began in small comics shops and is now found in bookstores, schools, libraries and the homes of millions of adults and children in 25 countries. In addition to discussing Jeff\'s early years, influences and philosophies, the film provides a look at a unique industry and art form that continues to change and evolve.'] ["A daring world record scuba dive to the sunken {{USS}} is witnessed by a man who nearly perished on that same ship over sixty years ago. The destroyer was found to be at a depth of 633 feet  -- deeper than the world record technical dive of 581 feet . Traveling to dangerous depths, this film takes the time to remember fallen heroes, honor comrades and acknowledge those who made great sacrifices. The film explores the state of tragedy, the incomprehension we face when confronted with great, unspeakable loss. This documentary features Rob Lalumiere's record-breaking 193-meter dive to place a memorial plaque on the shipwreck."] ['The filmmaker\'s parents were both born deaf; and the couple raised children who were not deaf. Paul Taylor and his wife Sally Taylor were in their 60s when they both decided to have cochlear implant surgery, which could permit them to hear for the first time.<ref name581 "Rochester Native Brings Her Famous Film Home to Benefit Deaf Students,"] NTID News. March 15, 2007. The documentary introduces the couple\'s personal histories &ndash; childhood years learning to communicate in a special school, experiencing the stigma surrounding deafness in mainstream high schools, and having meaningful careers in the Deaf community at the National Technical Institute for the Deaf. Paul was a pioneer in development of TTD  which is also known as TTY. The effects of the surgeries are not entirely positive.Halbfinger, David M. Justin. [http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/hr/film/reviews/article_display.jsp?&rid=8750 "Bottom Line: Lacks meaningful context about cochlear implants," The Hollywood Reporter. February 5, 2007.'] ['It contains interviews up to 100 voice actors, producers, and casting directors that are in anime dubs and video games. The DVD was released on July 3, 2008, after first of three volumes were released at Anime Expo. It took three years to complete, from concept to release,{{cite web}} Each episode is introduced by the animated character Mr. Mic, which was designed specifically for AIVA.'] ["The video combines footage from the early years of the Grateful Dead with 1997 interviews of former band members and associates. Phil Lesh, Mickey Hart, Bob Weir, Robert Hunter, and David Grisman, among others, discuss the creation of 1968's experimental, psychedelic Anthem of the Sun and 1970's folk-rock classic American Beauty. They also listen to and analyze the original master recordings for the albums, and talk about being in  the Grateful Dead at that time. Recording engineer Stephen Barncard rolls the original master tape and solos tracks, recalling the recording sessions and highlighting specific moments. Keyboardist Tom Constanten discusses the artificiality of appearing on Hugh Hefner's show Playboy After Dark. David Grisman plays his full version of the mandolin part for Ripple, as he had intended."] ['The film focuses on two young Israeli rap artists, Subliminal, an Israeli Jew, and Tamer Nafar, an Israeli Arab, and focuses on their music, friendship, and their politicization as public figures. The film traces the relationship between Tamer and Subliminal, as the events of the Second Intifada unfold, and lets the viewer draw conclusions from the souring relations between the two as an individual representation of the polarization process which took place during these years of bloody conflict. In this aspect, the film succeeds in delivering the atmosphere of the loss of hopes for peace after the failure of the Camp David summit between Ehud Barak and Yasser Arafat and the renewed intensity of the conflict since. The film was featured in the San Francisco Jewish Film Festival.'] ['In Hurricane on the Bayou, Meryl Streep introduces the audience to four charismatic New Orleans musicians: \xa0the legendary singer, songwriter, pianist, producer and Rock \'n Roll Hall of Fame inductee Allen Toussaint; the impassioned Cajun Blues guitarist and wetlands activist Tab Benoit; the 14-year-old fiddling prodigy and rising teen sensation Amanda Shaw; and the man who discovered Amanda and helped produce her first album, the high-energy Zydeco accordion master Chubby Carrier. \xa0Each has an incredible story to tell about their love for Louisiana and their loss during Katrina. \xa0 The film begins in the bayou itself, as a family of alligators frolic in the water to the tune of the Cajun classic “Iko Iko". The story then sets off on an historical exploration of how New Orleans rose up hundreds of years ago out of an untamed swampland – and went on to became celebrated around the world as “The Big Easy", a place where a feeling of joyful freedom permeated the music, the food and the city’s inimitable talent for turning “good times” into an art form. \xa0Here, a spicy gumbo of African, Native American, Cajun, Creole and Southern influences forged a completely unique culture. Louisiana’s coastal location  was both a boon and a bane to the city. \xa0New Orleans evolved into the busiest port in the U.S., but after engineers diverted the Mississippi River, depleting the wetlands, the city became increasingly vulnerable to the killer winds and rising waters of seasonal hurricanes. \xa0 Today, the situation grows more and more dangerous as every year Louisiana loses enough land to make up the island of Manhattan. \xa0Setting out for the mystery-tinged bayous with Tab Benoit and Amanda Shaw, Hurricane on the Bayou reveals how in the last 50 years, the natural coastal buffer that once sheltered New Orleans from severe storms has drastically deteriorated, endangering many unique animal and plant species and leaving the city wide open to Mother Nature’s ferocious forces. \xa0Spectacular flights over the Gulf of Mexico reveal the shocking reality that every half an hour, Louisiana loses a section of wetlands the size of a football field. \xa0Meanwhile, a side-trip into the vibrant swamplands probes how the bayou provides a fragile home to a family of alligators with newborn babies. \xa0Here, Tab Benoit explains that hope for New Orleans’ future will lie in concerted efforts to not only preserve but restore these wetlands by redirecting the Mississippi River’s silt and re-planting vital foliage. Ultimately, the story builds to the monster storm that was Katrina and the crisis it brought to New Orleans, causing families to be separated, homes to be lost and one hundred square miles of wetlands and marshes to be destroyed by saltwater . Visceral, state-of-the-art CGI effects created by Hollywood specialists Sassoon Film Design recreates the fury of the storm, when fierce winds tore off the roof of the Superdome. \xa0\xa0Then, haunting, never-before-seen 70mm footage of the storm’s aftermath provides a shocking reminder of just how vast the storm’s devastation really was. \xa0Finally, returning to New Orleans in the bittersweet 2006 Mardi Gras season, the film reveals a city in the first throes of recovery – and reunites Allen Toussaint, Amanda Shaw, Chubby Carrier and Marva Wright for a passionate performance of a resonant modern hymn  in the oldest Cathedral in North America, New Orleans’ elegant St. Louis Cathedral.{{cite news}}'] ["Chasing the Horizon takes a look at a team's preparation for the Tecate SCORE Baja 1000, one of the most grueling off-road racing events in the world. It is known as such because of the extreme conditions which the race is set in, the length of the race, and spectators have even been known to set up booby traps on the course for their own entertainment. The team that the film takes a look at is a rookie trio called Team Horizon. Milo Brown is an ex-con and junkyard owner but is also the team's captain. Jeff Lloyd was once a homeless man who went on to become a millionaire and racecar driver. Toby O'Mara serves as the team chief mechanic and co-driver but he is also a plumber. The three men come together and form a sort of dysfunctional family to compete in this grand event. The film takes a look at the ups and downs of the crews experiences in the days that lead up to the actual race and the viewer sees moments of laughter and comedy but also times of sadness."] ['Kelly Slater, Shane Dorian, Rob Machado, and others take a freesurf trip to the coast of Sumatra, where they find themselves surfing beautiful waves, and lose the urgency they have come to live with being professionals. Also includes commentary by the surfers, and some fun antics including nosewalks, bodysurfing, river surfing and music.'] ['Too Much is Enough pays homage to Gilles Groulx , considered by many to be one of Quebec’s most important and original filmmakers. Tragically, Groulx’s career was cut short in 1981 after he was seriously injured in a car accident. From 1989 to 1994, Richard Brouillette met regularly with Groulx, recording the latter’s thoughts on his work and life. Too Much is Enough combines footage from these sessions, excerpts from Groulx’s films and interviews Groulx gave while at the peak of his career.'] ['On May 20, 1941, thousands of elite German paratroopers assaulted the island of Crete. It was the beginning of the Battle of Crete - the largest German airborne operation of World War II. They had expected to control the island within a few days; after all, they only needed to occupy Paris for a week before France surrendered. What they hadn’t expected was that the men, women, and even children of Crete would fight them to their dying breath. Together with hundreds of stranded soldiers from Britain, Australia, and New Zealand, and a handful of British special operations commandos and US special operation paramilitary officers from the OSS  who had parachuted in to help, the Cretan resistance dealt Nazi Germany one of its most crippling defeats of the entire war.'] ['As a child summer means playing outside, lots of time to swim and ride your bike and run, run, run. These three activities make all the games of childhood possible. Leave it to adults to translate them into a serious athletic pursuit. Tied together, the swim, bike and run make up the sport of triathlon. In this film, three athletes take on the legendary California Triathlon, Wildflower. Set in the rugged terrain of central California the heat and hills test their preparation, endurance, and limits and we are along for the ride. Since December, we have followed three athletes, Rachel Sears, Brian Lavelle, and Sara Maas. Two are professionals, one is an amateur. But professional or amateur, no one is guaranteed success at this race, or even a finish.'] ['Roach and Starbuck, two hardcore punks from Montreal, try to form their own political party, but run out of time due to Canada\'s electoral process. Instead, they decide to campaign for political office as independent candidates in a rich Montreal district called Outremont.McGill Daily - Voting From the Streets As they hit the campaign trail in one of Canada\'s wealthiest communities, each wants to do it his own way. While Roach proposes to reform the "rotting electoral system" as he calls it, Starbuck\'s punk rock performance art is designed to shock the electorate into waking the up. Roach mounts a media campaign proposing proportional representation; Starbuck campaigns door-to-door wearing a leather cape and a dildo, telling voters: "If you like it up the a**, vote Liberal!".Official synopsis from EyeSteelFilm website'] ['Crime after Crime tells the dramatic story of the legal battle to free Debbie Peagler, an incarcerated survivor of domestic violence. She was wrongly convicted of the murder of her abusive boyfriend, and given 26 years in prison. Her story takes an unexpected turn two decades later when two rookie land-use attorneys step forward to take her case. Through their perseverance, they bring to light long-lost witnesses, new testimonies from the men who committed the murder, and proof of perjured evidence. Their investigation ultimately attracts global attention to victims of wrongful incarceration and abuse, and becomes a matter of life and death once more.'] ['One street, two continents, three months, 12 countries and 13,000 kilometers. The adventure begins in Laredo  and documents a trip through Central and South America to Buenos Aires . The film “PanAmericana” tells stories of lives on and around the Pan-American Highway. It illustrates unique natural beauty, contrasts of wealth and poverty, the importance of money as well as the tireless life’s longest consecutive road network in the world, from northern Alaska to southern Chile. The film was shot on the original historic route between Laredo  and Buenos Aires . The idea of a single cross-continental highway was at the Fifth International Conference of American States in 1923. To consolidate peace, the convention on the Carretera Panamericana finally got signed on 23 December 1936 at the Inter-American Conference in Buenos Aires.'] ['Looking for Moshe Guez follows director Avida Livny as he searches for a childhood memory: his memories from the first Israeli horror film, The Angel was a Devil, which he has seen once in the 1980s, as a 10-year old. Having forgotten about the film, he "discovers" it again in a book by Meir Schnitzer concerning Israeli cinema, where it is described as "the worst film ever made in Israel". The first part of Looking for Moshe Guez focuses on the search in Israel, which was produced between 1971–1976, with Guez as the film director, scriptwriter, star, cinematographer, recorder and editor. Among the participants who remember Guez or his film are journalist Lisa Peretz, played by Ophelia Strahl, who described it as the "Israeli Ed Wood." . The second part of the film, which takes part in the Boston area, where Guez and his family have been living since the 1980s, enables us to see for the first time scenes from the "director\'s cut".'] ['Moore begins by introducing himself and his family through 8 mm archival home movies; he describes himself as "kind of a strange child," the Irish American Catholic middle-class son of a General Motors employee assembling AC Spark Plugs. Moore chronicles how GM had previously defined his childhood in Flint, Michigan, and how the company was the primary economic and social hub of the town. He points out that Flint is the place where the Flint Sit-Down Strike occurred, resulting in the birth of the United Auto Workers. He reveals that his heroes were the Flint natives who had escaped the life in GM\'s factories, including "Flint\'s most famous native son," game show host Bob Eubanks. Initially, Moore achieves his dream of avoiding factory life after being hired by a magazine in San Francisco, but this venture fails for him and he ultimately travels back to Flint. As he returns, General Motors announces the layoffs of thousands of Flint auto workers, whose jobs will go to cheaper labor in Mexico. GM makes this announcement even though the company is experiencing record profits. Disguised as a TV journalist, Moore interviews some auto workers in Flint and discovers their strong antipathy to General Motors chairman Roger B. Smith. Moore begins seeking out Smith himself to confront him about the closing of the Flint plants. He tries to visit Smith at GM\'s headquarters in Detroit, yet he is blocked by building security as Moore hasn\'t made an appointment. A company spokesman exchanges contact information with Moore, but ultimately refuses to grant Moore an interview due to his lack of credentials. Over the course of the film, Moore attempts to track down Smith at the Grosse Pointe Yacht Club and the Detroit Athletic Club, only to be told either that Smith is not there or to leave by employees and security guards. From here, Moore begins to explore the emotional impact of the plant closings on his friends. He interviews Ben Hamper, an auto worker who suffered a nervous breakdown on the assembly line and is residing at a mental health facility. From here, to the Beach Boys song "Wouldn\'t It Be Nice?", we see a montage of the urban decay enveloping Flint, interspersed with news reports about increasing layoffs, residents moving away, and rapidly increasing rat infestations. Moore also talks to the residents of the affluent suburb of Grand Blanc, who display classist attitudes about Flint\'s hardships; a roaring twenties themed party they are hosting, Moore takes note when they hire laid off workers to be human statues. Moore changes course and turns his camera on the Flint Convention and Visitors Bureau, which promotes a vigorously incompetent tourism policy. The Bureau, in an effort to lure tourists into visiting Flint, permit the construction of a Hyatt Regency Hotel, a festival marketplace called Water Street Pavilion, and AutoWorld, hailed as the world\'s largest indoor theme park. All these efforts fail, as the Hyatt files for bankruptcy and is put up for sale, Water Street Pavilion sees most of its stores go out of business, and AutoWorld closes just six months after the grand opening. High-profile people are shown coming to Flint to bring hope to the unemployed, some of them interviewed by Moore. Ronald Reagan visits the town and suggests that the unemployed auto workers find work by moving across the country, though the restaurant he visits has its cash register stolen during the event. The mayor pays television evangelist Robert Schuller to preach to the town\'s unemployed. Pat Boone and Anita Bryant, who have supplied GM with celebrity endorsements, also come to town; Boone tells Moore that Roger Smith is a "can-do" kind of guy. Moore also interviews Bob Eubanks during a fair near Flint, during which he cracks a racist joke. Moore attends GM\'s Shareholders Convention, disguised as a shareholder himself. However, when he gets a turn at the microphone to air his grevances to the board, Smith immediately shuts him out and has the convention adjourned, despite Moore\'s attempts to interrupt him. In a close up of Smith, he is heard joking about his action with a fellow boardmember before leaving. Moore meets more residents of Flint, who are reeling from the economic fallout of the layoffs. A former feminist radio host, Janet, joins Amway as a saleswoman to find work. Another resident, Rhonda Britton, sells rabbits for "Pets or Meat".;http://dogeatdog.michaelmoore.com/films/detroitnews.htmlhttp://dogeatdog.michaelmoore.com/films/latimeswash.html Britton is featured killing a rabbit by beating it with a lead pipe. Prevalent throughout the film is Sheriff\'s Deputy Fred Ross, who worked at for GM for seventeen years before accepting his sheriff\'s deputy position, whose job now demands that he go around town carrying out evictions on families unable to pay their rent. During all of this, Flint\'s crime rate skyrockets, with shootouts and murders becoming all too common. Crime becomes so prevalent that when the ABC News program Nightline tries to do a live story on the plant closings, someone steals the network\'s van , abruptly stopping the broadcast. Living in Flint becomes so desperate that Money magazine names the town as the worst place to live in America. The residents react with outrage and stage a rally where issues of the magazine are burned. At the film\'s climax, Moore finally confronts Smith at the chairman\'s annual Christmas message, addressing him from a distance. Smith is shown expounding about generosity during the holiday season, concurrently as Sheriff Fred Ross evicts more families. After Smith\'s speech, Moore hounds Smith: {{cquote}} Dejected by his failure to bring Smith to Flint, Moore proclaims that "as we neared the end of the 20th century", as the rich got richer and the poor got poorer, and "it was truly the dawn of a new era." After the credits, the film displays the message "This film cannot be shown within the city of Flint", followed by "All the movie theatres have closed."'] ['With Soumitra Chatterjee as a narrator, the documentary begins by showcasing some of the drawings by Sukumar Ray, drawn for the children books Abol Tabol, HaJaBaRaLa and a short story, Heshoram Hushiarer Diary . Explaining the lineage of Ray family starting from Hari Krishna Roy Chowdhury and Upendrakishore Ray, the documentary describes initial days of Sukumar Ray, his formation of the "Nonsense Group" in the college and publication of handwritten humorous magazine, "Thirty Two and a Half Fries". Utpal Dutt enacts as a teacher from Ray\'s first published poetical "nonsense"-play Jhala Pala  and provides humorous explanation/translation of the sentence "I go up, we go down" in Bengali. Soumitra Chatterjee appears as Rama, the avatar of the Hindu god Vishnu, in a spoof based on an Indian epic Ramayana, Lakshmaner Shaktishel . The spoof is based on Rama\'s dream about the central antagonist of the Ramayana, the demon-king Ravana and the spy  providing further information about it. The documentary also focusses on Ray\'s college days in London while studying photography, lithography and his meeting with Nobel Prize winning littérateur, Rabindranath Tagore. While narrating his first poem Khichudi  published in children\'s magazine, Sandesh, launched by his father, the documentary explains how entire Ray family worked together for the growth of the magazine after Upendrakishore Ray passed away. Mentioning his association with Brahmo Samaj, the documentary ends with Sukumar Ray\'s terminal disease and his death on September 10, 1923.'] ["The film is a historical and critical look at slasher films, which includes dozens of clips, beginning with Halloween, Friday the 13th, and Prom Night. The films' directors, writers, producers, and special effects creators comment on the films' making and success. During the Reagan years, the films get gorier, budgets get smaller, and their appeal diminishes. Then, A Nightmare on Elm Street revives the genre. Jumping to the late 90s, when Scream brings humor and TV stars into the mix. Although some criticize the genre as misogynistic, most of the talking heads celebrate the films: as long as there are teenagers, there will be slasher films."] ['The film chronicles three desperate days in a then impoverished lower Manhattan neighborhood, New York\'s skid row: the Bowery. It is the story of Ray, a railroad worker, who drifts on to the Bowery to have a drunken spree after a long bout of laying tracks and then falls in with a band of drunks who help him spend his money. Ray, the "new guy on the Bowery," whose biceps still fill out his sleeves, looks preoccupied as he enters the "Confidence Bar & Grill". Surrounded by various alcoholics in advanced states of decay, he buys them rounds of drinks, then blacks out on his first night, and wakes up to discover that his suitcase has been stolen. The thief will become the closest thing to a friend...and just like that, Ray embarks on a trip to hell, becoming part of the Bowery. In a series of Beckettian portraits, the protagonists, congregations of winos, listless listeners, blubber through numerous bar scenes, games of dominos around a flophouse stove, and a sermon at the Bowery Mission. Will Ray find his way out of this uncaring urban jungle?'] ["Journey of a Red Fridge is a story of a 17-year-old boy named Hari Rai, who lives in a small village in the Himalayan Mountains of Nepal, and his extraordinary journey. Hari is a student. However, he also works as a porter so that he could pay for his tuition and cover his living expenses. Although very young, he already has three years of experience carrying loads up and down the mountain, mostly tourists' backpacks. This time, he gets a job to carry a huge red refrigerator from the top of the mountain, to the nearest town. We follow Hari Rai on his journey through the fascinating Himalayan landscapes, we discover Hari’s inner life, his thoughts, hopes and dreams and we also get to know the culture and the local people’s way of life in this region. We learn about their relation with the most important aspects of their lives: family, nature and religion. Out of 60,000 child porters in Nepal, Hari is one of the few lucky ones to have a chance of going to school. Journey of a Red Fridge shows us what it takes for him to get his education."] ['In response to the attacks on September 11, 2001, the FAA orders all planes out of the air. American and Canadian air traffic controllers face a difficult situation: how to safely re-route and land 6,500 planes carrying close to a million people. For individual air traffic controllers, the work is chaotic, intense, and deceptively simple: pick a new route for each flight; radio instructions to turn; listen for pilot confirmation; hold traffic to keep airways from overcrowding. From Cleveland, Ohio to Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador, controllers on September 11 searched for alternate airports to land large jets as their traumatized colleagues return from breaktime having watched the attacks on TV.'] ['This short documentary film tells the story of Alfari, who lives on the bank of the Niger, a river which is slowly running dry due to climate change. Alfari had to give up fishing to become a gardener, fighting against the hippopotamus that devastate his plantations.'] ["Anne Aghion's third film in her Rwanda series concentrates on the local citizen-judges' tribunals, where they must weigh survivor accounts of the genocide massacres against the perpetrators' testimony.{{Cite web}}"] ['Covering pet stores, puppy mills and animal shelters, as well as factory farms, the leather and fur trades, sports and entertainment industries, and finally the medical and scientific profession, Earthlings includes footage obtained through the use of hidden cameras to chronicle the day-to-day practices of some of the largest industries in the world, all of which rely on animals. It draws parallels between racism, sexism, and speciesism.'] ['The film takes place in rural Tennessee, where communities have experienced economic and environmental devastation created by the coal mining industry. The introduction of the Highlander Folk School in 1931 by educator Miles Horton and the movement to bring labor union representation to the region are shown as means of empowering the population. Efforts are made to stop the union activities with the murder of a local organizer, but eventually the union movement is able to take root with the local workforce.“People of the Cumberland,” New Frontiers in American Documentary Film, The American Studies Program at the University of Virginia, Spring 2001'] ["The film deals with a child, whose parents were among the tens of thousands of Argentines who were murdered during the military junta's Dirty War, who years later has to contend with the pain barely remembered. In this case the child is director Albertina Carri. She returns with her film crew to the house she lived in the 1970s and interviews the neighbors about her parents and what happened. The movie's title comes from an elderly woman's insistent  recollection that Carri's family members all had blond hair. Carri tries to determine the following in the doc: Who were the Carri's? How did they disappear? Were they blond or brunette? Were they heroes or merely a fiction of those who remember them? In addition to appearing on camera herself, Ms. Carri is played by the actress ."] ['The film is structured around a roadtrip,{{Cite news}} during which the creators introduce five young Americans confronting issues relating to bisexuality.{{Cite news}} Former cheerleader Pam, from Memphis, Tennessee, navigates between the tolerance and sexual openness of her friendship group and the conservatism of her southern Catholic family. Black hip-hop dancer Tahj, enjoying little success with girls, forms a relationship with a man he meets on MySpace and must weigh the rejection of his community against his newfound love.{{Cite news}} 28-year-old Taryn is contemplating marriage to her boyfriend but also embarks on a new romance with a woman, testing the limits of monogamy and the boundaries of gender roles. David, 24, defies the expectations of his parents and ex-girlfriends to assert his bisexuality, while seeking to reconcile his traditional values with his open-minded views. And in San Antonio, Texas, Josh, 11, fears his gay father will reject him if he pursues his growing interest in girls. The film interlaces these stories with commentary from evolutionary biologists, psychologists, and anthropologists to discuss themes of sexual ambiguity.'] ["Set in Mongolia's capital city, Ulan Bator, the film combines documentary elements with fictional elements<ref name Die Like a Dog, A lauded Mongolian film probes a mongrel's soul | publisher  http://www.time.com/time/asia/asia/magazine/1999/990125/mongolia_dog1.html}} in the fragmented, impressionistic and dreamlike story of Baasar, a dog who dies early in the movie &mdash; shot by a hunter employed by the city to reduce its dog population, which has more than one dog for each four humans in its population of 800,000.<ref name State of Dogs | publisher  http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/1809408125/details}} According to Mongolian legend, a dog  may be reincarnated in its next life as a human, after roaming free for as long as he wants.<ref name Bestselling author discusses work ‘from a dog’s point of view’ | publisher  http://sdranchcoastnews.com/cmv_dm_pages/cmv_dm_feature/2.11_cv_feature/2.11_ft5_luncheon.html}} Baasar roams the memory of his life, uninterested in advancing to a human life.<ref name State of Dogs | publisher  http://www.yidff.jp/99/cat049/99c058-2-e.html}} The film includes brief interludes with a solar eclipse, a segment in which a young man recites poems directly to the camera, and a depiction of modern Mongolian life with undercurrents of mysticism and myth."] ['Charlotte von Mahlsdorf, a male to female transsexual, recounts incidents from her eventful life. Now elderly, she runs the Gründerzeit Museum, fulfilling her dream of living as a woman from the turn of 20th century. Scenes of her life are dramatized. Two actors play the young and middle aged Charlotte and she plays herself in the later years. Life was difficult for Charlotte growing up as Lothar Berfelde, in Nazi Germany during World War II. An effeminate boy, he enjoyed cleaning and dusting at the home of her benevolent great uncle. His early desire to live as woman finally found an outlet when he was sent on vacation to Eastern Prussia in the household of her aunt Luise, herself a member of the third sex. A female to male transsexual, aunt Luise surprises her nephew trying out female outfits. She allows the youth to dress at home as a girl and gives him to read the book The Transvestite by Dr Magnus Hirshfeld. She also respects the boy’s privacy when she finds her nephew having sex in the barn with a farm boy. Back in Berlin, after the death of his great uncle, the young Lothar, found himself at the complete mercy of his brutal father. Trying to save his mother and himself from his father punishments and threats, Lothar bludgeons his father to death, a crime for which he is psychiatrically evaluated and imprisoned. The defeat of Germany during the war and the allied invasion sets the boy free. Wandering through the street of Berlin, he barely escapes to be killed as a deserted by German soldiers. By 1946 Lothar has come to identify herself as a feminine being in a masculine body. She lives now full time as a woman under the name Charlotte von Mahlsdorf, being Charlotte or "Lottchen" similar to Lothar and Mahlsdorf for the section of Berlin were she lives. She moves into the destroyed Friedrishfelde castle and spends years and a lot of hard work trying to restore it. But eventually she is expelled by the East German authorities. Working as a domestic in the household of Herbert von Zitzenau, an elderly equestrian officer, she is seduced by her employer and they start a sexual relationship. She explains that she preferred older lovers feeling protected by them the way women do. That affair lasted several years until Zitzenau’s health declined and death. Even though life for gays is difficult under the communist regime of East Germany, they find their way around. Cruising a public restroom, Charlotte meets Joechen, a lover with whom she could be a real woman. Their relation with Sadomasochism role playing last for twenty seven year until Joeche’s death For more than thirty years Charlotte manages to live her life as a woman in East Germany. She preserves the entire contents of East Berlin\'s first  gay bar, after the DDR government closed the bar, and moved to demolish the building. Its contents were transferred to the Gründerzeit Museum in Mahlsdorf run by Charlotte and a lesbian couple. In 1989 the elderly Charlotte, very much active, takes a role in the first East German gay film: Heiner Carow\'s Coming Out. Its premiere coincides with the fall of Berlin Wall. But even in a unified Germany Charlotte has to face many problems. The German government takes the Gründerzeit Museum and its contents from Charlotte hands and she and her gay friends are attacked by neo-Nazis during the first joint East- west gay and lesbian gathering. In 1992 her labor is recognized when she receives the Cross of the Order of Merit from the government for furthering the cause of sexual freedom.'] ['In January 2004, shortly after officially becoming an American citizen, the Iraqi-born filmmaker Usama Alshaibi travels to Baghdad to visit the family he hasn\'t seen in over two decades. He makes the trip with his wife, Kristie, in tow. Although Saddam Hussein had been captured by American forces in December, Baghdad is in a state of extreme turmoil with massive explosions a daily, frightening occurrence. Yet, Usama and Kristie are surprised by his family\'s nonchalance at the chaos. When a bomb blows up and rocks the entire house, Usama\'s cousin Tareef refers to the explosive device as a "nice bomb," hence the film\'s title.'] ["The film follows Jeff Smith from inside his campaign during his bid to win the Democratic primary for the House seat of Representative Dick Gephardt, who announced his retirement. He was instantly dismissed by pundits who saw him as a no-name candidate due to his lack of political expertise and the presence of a Carnahan in the race. He earns the endorsement of Howard Dean at one of his speaking events, and his campaign cuts into Carnahan's initial 30-point lead. Smith, however, loses the campaign by less than 2,000 votes."] ['The opening scene in A.D. 80 shows preparations for gladiatorial battle in the Flavian Amphitheater with Verus walking out toward the arena, as a voice-over narrator states that the contest of Verus in the Colosseum is the only one recorded in detail. Details of gladiator life are contained in documents from that period. This is Verus\' story. Flashback to 79, when Roman forces took a village in Moesia, and Verus with others is marched 50 miles to work in a quarry the slaves call "the pit", preparing stone for building an amphitheater the Emperor Vespasian intends to use for gaining popular support from the people. An owner of a gladiatorial school arrives with his trainer to choose recruits, but when Verus is not chosen he sees an opportunity and assaults a fellow slave he does not know, Priscus. Their fight is broken up and they are both taken with the others to Rome and trained, and Verus and Priscus become friends. All new gladiators fight in small arenas scattered around Rome, and when Verus is defeated, he requests a second chance, knowing he will not be given another, and defeats his opponent. Contrary to popular myth, not all contests end in death. Gladiators are admired by aristocratic women of Rome, especially rich widows, and are included in feasts and banquets hosted by public officials and members of the imperial court. Verus soon becomes known for his skill and victories. He is eyed by an Imperial lady, and is soon summoned to a party at night, hosted by Titus and the lady, where arriving he is suddenly attacked by another gladiator provoking a surprise fight arranged as "entertainment"; but he defeats his opponent, whose death the host commands. Verus kills him, his first: "not in the arena, but at a party for the rich." He is numb. For each victory in the arena, a gladiator is paid the equivalent of a Roman soldier\'s yearly pay, and he can purchase some personal items. Priscus obtains a small prayer statue and wall-shelf for his own Celtic devotions. When a fellow gladiator dies, during the funeral procession to the cemetery and burial in the ground the narrator says that gladiator burial stones are inscribed with their names, origins, fights and death. Verus and Priscus promise the widow their support. Afterward, Verus discovers Priscus has been sold to another school: the trainer says, "it\'s only business." Vespasian dies June A.D. 79. Titus, unpopular, and with enemies, decides to finish the Amphitheater quickly. Vesuvius then erupts , the economy falters, and this project is almost his only hope of gaining popular support. The inaugural day of the Games arrives and tickets are free. Animals have been brought in, and the Beast Master\'s difficult task is to train them to go against their nature and kill before screaming crowds; but if the animals fail to perform, the Beast Master is blamed and the normal punishment is inflicted: public execution in the arena. Titus, presiding over the Games, allows the crowd to decide death or life. At the climax of the day\'s contests, Verus has been matched to another famous gladiator. It is Priscus, and they must fight to the death. Their fight is long and desperate, and then they are stopped by the fight master. Titus sends to each of them a Palm of Victory and a Wooden Sword, granting them both their freedom. The crowd is jubilant. A poet memorializes their battle. As Verus is seen returning on the road to his village in Moesia, the narrator says that when Titus died 6 months later, he had become the most popular emperor in Roman history.'] ['Waveriders focuses on the Irish roots of surfing. The film covers the life of Irish-Hawaiian surfer George Freeth and his influence in popularizing surfing{{cite news}} in California and his contributions to lifeguarding. It also follows Irish, British and American surfers Richie Fitzgerald, Gabe Davies, Kelly Slater and the Malloy Brothers. The surfers conquer enormous sixty foot waves - the biggest swell to have been ridden off the Irish Atlantic Coast.<ref namehttp://www.independent.ie/lifestyle/red-bulletin/riding-green-giants-1810176.html |titleindependent |date2010-01-21}} Irish surfer Easkey Britton is also featured in the film and was the first female surfer to ride the "big wave", Aill na Searrach off the Cliffs of Moher in 2007."The surfer girl who\'s making big waves", Independent, August 12, 2009'] ["The film chronicles Szlovak's search to discover what happened to her long-lost friend, Laurie Zimmer, an American former actress who had a short, briefly promising, career during the mid-to-late 1970s. Zimmer, who is best known for her performance as the female lead in John Carpenter's 1976 thriller film, Assault on Precinct 13, played the lead role in Szlovak's 1977 film Slow City, Moving Fast , which was shot in Los Angeles, California and chronicles a day in the life of an actress who has given up her career and drives around Los Angeles looking for something to do. Shortly after the filming of Slow City, Moving Fast, Zimmer quit acting and Szlovak never heard from her again. For over twenty years, Szlovak had been haunted by Zimmer's disappearance, by her abandonment of a once-promising acting career, and by the way her life seemed to eerily mirror the role she played in Szlovak's film. Szlovak then decides to search for Zimmer. Szlovak travels to Los Angeles and tries to track Zimmer down through various means. She meets and interviews John Carpenter. She also hires a truck to drive around Los Angeles towing a large billboard emblazoned with Zimmer's photo, both of her professional names , and a request to contact Szlovak with any information about Zimmer. Ultimately, Szlovak discovers that Zimmer lives near San Francisco, California, has become a teacher, is married, and has two sons."] ['Narrated by Carlos Muñoz, a documentary on the subject of the life of the "street urchins", a word which refers to street children in Colombia, who have broken all family ties and regrouped daily struggle to survive on the streets of the city. The film illustrates with shocking images of homelessness and living conditions of American life these surviving children sleeping on the streets of Bogota and stealing food, car radios, selling cardboard, begging, etc.'] ['In La nudité toute nue , director Olivier Nicklaus travels all over Europe (Paris, Berlin, London, Amsterdam to meet various personalities filmed in the nude. Characters include nude performers in striptease or in media, art, activism to nude hedonist  or therapeutic or spiritual nudity. Guests interviewed included photographer of nude models Terry Richardson, Vincent Bethell who launched The Freedom to be Yourself movement, designer Tom Ford, philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy, the transsexual icon Amanda Lepore and popular gay pornographic actor François Sagat.'] ['Sixteen Decisions is filmed in an experimental style, skipping between past, present, and future to follow the life of a teenager named Selina. A sixteen-year-old mother of two, Selina lives a life typical for poor women in Bangladesh. She was a child laborer at the age of seven, married at the age of twelve, and had her first child at the age of thirteen. Her family sold their land to pay her dowry, and when her father lost his sight, they were left beggars. The $60 loan she receives from Grameen Bank allows her to put the down payment on a bicycle rickshaw and buy chickens whose eggs she can sell. Arial Productions Sixteen Decisions Synopsis. The film shows group meetings where community members recite the Sixteen Decisions that Grameen Bank uses to improve the lives of those it loans to and help ensure that the people are able to replay these loans. Grameen America The founder of Grameen Bank, Muhammad Yunus, is a former Fulbright Scholar from Bangladesh. He is known for developing the concept of providing small loans to entrepreneurs who would not qualify for bank loans, in a practice called microcredit. At the time of the documentary, he had loaned $2 million to ten million women, with a repayment rate of 99%. Arial Productions Sixteen Decisions Synopsis. He has continued his campaign against poverty with the co-founding of Grameen America, which Gayle Ferraro documented in the follow-up film To Catch a Dollar. Yunus\'s dedication to battling global poverty earned him the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006, Nobel Peace Prize 2006 and he has declared that his mission is to "help create a world free of poverty. Grameen America homepage'] ["Society tells us that beautiful women have it all. But beauty can be as much a curse as it is a blessing. Being beautiful, doesn't equate happiness; “Being beautiful is overrated,” says the filmmaker.Beauty: In the Eyes of the Beheld - A Woman's Bridge Foundation It may be easier to date or get a job, but having things come easier for you creates jealousy, laziness in working on self, and it doesn't encourage development of the inner beauty that a women needs as she grows older and her beauty fades. Kravinsky compares beauty to sugar, it is very sweet, but too much of it can be a killer."] ['Jean-Max, Axel, Jean-Michel, George and their "dalons", their friends, live near Dos d’Ane, a small village in the hills of Réunion Island. An athlete, a musician, a specialist in herbs, a scientist... They all love nature in their own way. From the nostalgia of nature’s generosity to its actual fragility, their outlooks change. Can the Circle of Mafate, way up high, continue to be the sanctuary of so many so.'] ['The documentary included concert and rehearsal footage as well as interviews with Allin, fellow bandmembers, friends, detractors and dedicated fans. Later in the film, Allin discusses the earliest years of his childhood in rural New Hampshire, and that his father tried to encourage his family to assist him in a mass suicide. The documentary continues through his rise as a punk musician. Footage of his controversial performances include a violent confrontation with audience members at a spoken word appearance at New York University, as well as scenes of Allin defecating during shows, mutilating himself and assaulting concertgoers at an East Village, New York City rock club. Quieter moments are also included, such as Allin offstage playing an acoustic version of Warren Zevon\'s "Carmelita". The documentary also contains footage of Allin cavorting at a party  and Allin\'s appearance on Geraldo Rivera\'s talk show. Footage of his funeral and corpse are also briefly included, following the film\'s credits.'] ["The Moss family decides to move from the inner city of Calgary to a suburban area called Evergreen to satisfy Ann Moss's desire of living in a new house. Her husband, Evan Moss, is still keeping his job downtown, which forces him to consume two hours of commuting time. Even if apparently the area offers everything that is needed by a family in walking distance, one is isolated due to constructions, buildings, distance and the area layout and is constantly forced to rely on the car for every little need. The family carries on its ordinary life with Ann having a positive opinion of their new life and Evan and the kids can see more clearly on the flaws and disadvantages of this lifestyle. However, they go along with it, constantly trying to find their way to justify their choice."] ['Smith preempts the start of the interview by giving a summary of what he sees as the three inescapable problems that have faced humans from the earliest development of civilization: how to earn a living, how to get along with our fellow humans, and how to get along with our selves. He compares how the three enduring civilizations: East Asia , South Asia  and the West, have dealt with these problems in distinctive ways.Review of DVD by Harry Moody, AARP'] ['A documentary film by director Ashley Greyson which looks at Platinum-selling, Grammy-nominated artists Hanson and their three-year struggle with their record label, Island/Def Jam. With the music industry in the aftermath of corporate mergers, deregulated radio, and an uncertain future, Hanson is faced with the challenge of making a new album while dealing with an endless array of obstacles. Throughout their trial and tribulations, they must learn to cope with an insatiable record label executive, incompatible producers and ultimately with each other.'] ["Umbrella is divided into five parts, one for each social group documented. The first takes place in Zhongshan, in Guangdong province at an industrial warehouse where poorly paid workers spend hours putting together umbrellas for sale. In another part of China, in Yiwu, Zhejiang province, a successful farmer has become an entrepreneur, running an umbrella manufacturing business. The film then shifts to Shanghai, as it follows students and recent graduates who struggle to find employment in a hyper-competitive market. The students know that failure to find a job will mean a return to their rural roots. The fourth part follows a People's Liberation Army garrison and new recruits. The recruits all come from farms in the countryside, looking for another life. The last part of the film takes place in Luoyang, Henan province. It documents an elderly peasant in a village that consists mostly of the old and infirm, as subsequent generations seek their fortunes elsewhere."] ['Opening remarks by Charlton Heston and Mickey Rooney are used to establish the film’s direction and mood. Introductory scenes quickly dissolve into one laced with sounds of thunder and artillery fire. The setting is atop Niagara Falls where waters cascade over the falls’ edge. Superimposed in the haze are dissolving scenes of American conflicts from the American Revolutionary War through Desert Storm. At the misty base of the falls, a glass-like figure materializes from the fog and walks toward the camera. As it draws closer, it assumes the features and flesh tones of George Washington who states, “In my years of public service for this nation, I have observed one truth...that no people can be bound to acknowledge the Invisible Hand which conducts the affairs of men, more than the people of the United States. Every step by which they have advanced to the character of an independent nation seems to have been distinguished by some token of providential agency.”  Washington’s figure morphs into that of Benjamin Franklin who declares, “Everywhere I turn today, I see dissent. I see, Sir, those who say this great American experiment cannot work. They fail in their understanding, to realize that their very right to say that, was paid for with human life. Yet, for their own marginal good and safety, they are freely willing to forsake the heritage of this nation. To those I say.... They, that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.” Franklin turns from the camera, transposing into President John Adams who proclaims, “Posterity—you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it.... If you do not, I shall repent it in Heaven, that I ever took half the pains to preserve it.” Adams fades as the Niagara setting dissolves to a stage scene with Charlton Heston addressing the audience, “That proclamation, addressing posterity, was spoken by John Adams, the second President of the United States. Adams was one of the original signers of the Declaration of Independence. He served for eight years under George Washington as this nation\'s first Vice-President. His words still ring through the halls of time. They call to those of us here today...to carry on the tradition of freedom, for which so many have died. We are that posterity... and, we have been summoned.”  Heston\'s scene transitions to that of the giant arch in Washington Square at the Disney-MGM Studios. A lowering camera reveals vocalist Larnelle Harris, singing, Let Freedom Ring. As the song concludes, fifty doves released on each side of the arch fly toward the camera. One dove trails the others in a similar arc but flies closer to the camera spreading its wings and passing over the lens. As it does so, it transitions to title for the picture and its opening credits. The duration of the picture provides a continuing narrative of America’s founding and evolution from the revolutionary days of 1776 through the 20th century. By means of prosthetic make-up technology and historical locations, famous leaders from the past are used to speak to the present.  Film and television personalities, guests and vocalists support the production with commentary and music. The music varies from Petra founder, Greg X. Volz, to Babbie Mason, Andrae Crouch and Lee Greenwood. Both music and commentary are interspersed with the re-creations of famous Americans in history.  Successive scenes build upon the other, moving from the nation’s founding to the problems of a 20th century contemporary society. One dramatic episode originates with Senators John McCain and Bob Kerrey discussing military sacrifices throughout the nation’s history. Their settings transition to President Abraham Lincoln on location in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania delivering his Gettysburg Address. As Lincoln speaks, the background dissolves into evolving war scenes progressing through each of America\'s major conflicts. The segment ends with Lincoln’s closing lines over the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier as the surroundings dissolve into an early American street with The Imperials singing the "Battle Hymn of the Republic". Closing scenes contain commentaries from presidents ; each expressing how they view America\'s greatness. President George H. W. Bush speaks last and with his closing words, the setting dissolves to one with actor, singer and businessman, Gene Autry. Autry addresses the viewing audience explaining what America has meant to him. At the close, he recites the Pledge of Allegiance after which his scene transitions to one with President Ronald Reagan articulating farewell remarks to the audience. Reagan\'s set dissolves into a gigantic American flag that in turn transitions to Liberty Square at the Walt Disney World Resort. Sandi Patty and a sizable choir sing "The Star-Spangled Banner" as a large American flag rises behind them. At the song’s close, a wide shot of the singer, choir and pavilion reveal a massive display of overhead fireworks. The scene dissolves to the final credits underscored by a new version of America the Beautiful by Gene Autry .{{cite web}}'] ["Through a 1994 ballot measure  named the Oregon Death with Dignity Act, Oregon became the first U.S. state and one of the first jurisdictions in the world to allow physician-assisted suicide. The film covers the background of the Oregon law and the life of a few patients who have chosen to take their life under it. It also features some information about the neighboring state of Washington's attempt to legalize physician-assisted suicide in 2008 through a law  modeled after Oregon's."] ["The first image in the film is of a pictogram. The section shown depicts several tall darkly-shadowed figures standing near a taller figure adorned with a crown. The next image is a close-up of a rocket during liftoff. The film fades into a shot of a desolate desert landscape. From there, it progresses to footage of various natural environmental phenomena such as waves and clouds. The film's introduction to human involvement in the environment is a low aerial shot of choppy water, cutting to a similar shot of rows of cultivated flowers. After aerial views of monumental rock formations partly drowned by a lake, we see a large mining truck causing billows of black dust. This is followed by shots of power lines in the desert. Man's continued involvement in the environment is depicted through images of mining operations, oil fields, a power plant, a dam, and atomic bomb detonations in a desert. Following the atomic bomb detonations, the next sequence begins with a shot of sunbathers on a beach, then pans to a power plant in the background. Shots of traffic patterns are seen during rush hour on a freeway and a shot of a large parking lot. This is followed with stock footage of Soviet tanks lined up in rows and a military aircraft, and an aircraft carrier. Time-lapse photography of shadows of clouds are seen moving across the skyscrapers. Shots of various housing projects in disrepair, and includes footage of the decay and demolition of a housing project. The sequence ends with footage of the destruction of large buildings. A time-lapse shot of a crowd of people who appear to be waiting in a line. This is followed by shots of people walking along streets in slow motion. The next sequence begins with shots of buildings and a shot of a sunset reflected in the glass of a skyscraper. The sequence uses time-lapse photography of the activity of modern life. The events captured in this sequence involve people interacting with modern technology. The first shots are traffic patterns as seen from skyscrapers at night. This is followed by a shot of the moon passing behind a skyscraper. The next shots are closer shots of cars on a highway. The sun rises over the city and we see people hurrying to work. The film shows at regular speed the operation of machines packaging food. People are shown sorting mail, sewing jeans, manufacturing televisions and doing other jobs with the use of modern technology. A shot of hot dogs being sent down rows of conveyors is followed by a shot of people moving up escalators. The frenetic speed and pace of the cuts and background music do not slow as shots of modern leisure are shown. People eat, play, shop and work at the same speed. The sequence begins to come full circle as the manufacturing of automobiles in an assembly line factory is shown. More shots of highway traffic are shown, this time in daylight. The film shows the movement of cars, shopping carts, and televisions on an assembly line, and elevators moving from first person perspective. The film then shows clips from various television shows being channel surfed in fast motion. The film, in slow motion, then shows several people reacting to being candidly filmed on the street. The camera stays on them until the moment when they acknowledge its presence by looking directly at it. The sequence then shows cars moving much faster than they were moving before. Pictures of microchips and satellite photography of metropolitan cities are shown, making a comparison between their layouts. Various shots of people are seen from all walks of modern life, from beggars to debutantes. The final sequence shows footage of a Saturn V rocket lifting off, followed by footage of the May 1962 explosion of an Atlas-Centaur rocket. Here, the camera follows a flaming rocket engine and a white vapor trail or smoke against a blue sky as the rocket plummets toward the ground. The film ends with another shot of the pictogram."] [" The film follows Chappelle during the summer of 2004, up until September 18, 2004, when he threw a block party on the corner of Quincy Street and Downing Street in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. The film features nearby sites including the Broken Angel House in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn as well as areas in Fort Greene, Brooklyn and Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn. The film was produced before Chappelle's highly-publicized decision to walk away from a $50 million deal to continue his hit Chappelle's Show, and gained prominence after the announcement. He invited several hip hop and neo-soul musical artists to perform at the party, including Kanye West, Mos Def, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, and The Roots along with The Central State University Marching Band. Lauryn Hill was also scheduled to perform at the party, but since Columbia Records refused to release her songs for use in the production, she decided instead to reunite The Fugees for the occasion. In addition, Chappelle performed comedy monologues and sketches in between the musical acts."] [" Sofia's Last Ambulance opens on an ordinary working day of Krassi, Mila and Plamen, the paramedic crew on one of Sofia's dangerously dwindling fleet of emergency ambulances.{{Cite web}} Unusual for a work about medical services, patients remained tactfully outside of the frame and sensationalism was rigorously avoided. Camera work focused closely on the faces of the ambulance crew to capture changes in their state of mind{{Cite web}}{{Cite web}}"] ['When independence is declared in 1962, the minority communities of Jewish and European origin flee Algeria. Four people of Muslim ascendency searching for the truth about their own lives evoke the last decades of French colonization, the years of war, from 1955 to 1962. Hatred and friendship lead us through a hidden memory: their relationships with their Jewish and Christian neighbours. The foundational myths of the new Algeria are revisited, but will they succeed in getting to the bottom of their own legends?'] ['Filmmaker Chris Waitt sets out on a quest to find out why his romantic relationships have ended in complete failure. Tracking down most every one of his former lovers, he finds a general resentment, stemming from his constant unreliability. He then sets out to test different approaches that will prepare him for true love, and a lasting relationship.'] ["The film tells the story of Joyce Fernandez, a 50-year-old woman caring for her mother Celine Fernandez, who has had Alzheimer's Disease for 7 years.http://www.rdasia.com/before-we-forget Before We Forget - Reader's Digest Asia When Celine suffers a mild stroke and is hospitalized for over three months, Joyce attempts to keep herself together especially after Celine lost all what little speech and she originally had. The duo, staunch Catholics, keep their heads above the emotional turmoil through daily prayer. The documentary also captures frank interviews with Dr Irene Giam , a former mathematics tutor and atheist with strong views about death in the face of terminal illness. She is first filmed after being diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment likely due to systemic fibrosis, an autoimmune disorder which affects her breathing. After she is warded in a hospice because of her rapidly worsening health, vascular dementia causes her to forget the frequent visits by her husband and deepens her feelings of loneliness.http://beforeweforget.org/your-stories/2011/05/rewriting-obituary/ Rewriting the obituary"] ['The Naked Brothers Band and another band, the L.A. Surfers compete in a “Battle of the Bands” charity event benefiting Little Kids Rock, a nonprofit organization that provides free instruments and lessons to kids in low-income cities. Rosalina starts to fall for the L.A. Surfers lead singer, Bobby Love . Nat and Alex learned his false intentions while in the bathroom as Nat is trying to wash out the orange hair dye that he put on as part of his latte-drinking bad boy image that he attempts to pull off to impress Rosalina. Nat did this after seeing a picture of Bobby Love and worrying whether she prefers bad boys. Nat then says he will try to get along with Bobby, but as he enters Nat and Alex hide in a stall. It turns out that Bobby is just hitting on Rosalina to get to the Naked Brothers Band, and is lying about everything . Bobby even tells Matt Pinfield that Nat doesn\'t write his own songs, but he says that he didn\'t. Nat wants Bobby to confess about his lies and he won\'t. At the concert for Little Kid\'s Rock, Nat asks Bobby to confess once again, and he doesn\'t, and he continues to hit on Rosalina and call Nat "Nate" which angers Nat, and Alex stands up to Bobby and steps on his foot, causing a huge fight. During that fight, Nat declares that the benefit concert is now a battle of the bands, and whoever loses has to give all of their profits from their next CD to the charity. Cooper and the band apologize for their bad behavior, and Cooper apologizes on his own behalf because he had a dentist appointment to get head gear, and couldn\'t have stopped the fight before it started. Cooper asks the representative of Little Kids Rock, Patty Scoggins , if a “huge band in Old Europe” called “The Honey Bunnies” , could be the opening act for the event. She says that she could see what she could do. They actually perform, and a European producer actually gets impressed by what they did. Bobby and his band later try to come up with new songs for the concert. Since Bobby doesn\'t write his own songs, this is very challenging. He comes up with mediocre songs called “My Feet Are So Nice” and “I Love My Hair”. His bandmate\'s girlfriend, Rita, tells him how silly the songs are, and he just continues to tell her that she\'s not the boss of the feet or the hair song and that she\'s not in the band. Later Nat fails to get Rosalina to believe the truth about Bobby, and while practicing their song for the battle, he and the band make fun of Bobby twice, and she quits, telling Nat that she "expects more from him". She tells Bobby that the band thinks that he\'s a liar and he doesn\'t care about the charity Bobby tries to use words of encouragement like "Have you ever noticed that the word "lousy" is in the word "jealousy"? That\'s because jealousy... makes you feel lousy"; Rosalina tells him that he said that to her already. Rosalina asks if he was the one who told Matt Pinfield that Nat doesn\'t write his own songs and what part of England is he from. Bobby is stuck, because he is not from Britain. In a moment of confusion, he said “Hogwarts,” which is in Harry Potter. Bobby quickly dismisses the problem by asking Rosalina if what she\'s holding is the music from the Naked Brothers Band. She said that she won\'t be needing it since she quit the band, and Bobby throws it in the garbage. He then attempts to kiss Rosalina, but she refused, stating that she is confused and she ran away. After Rosalina leaves, Bobby takes her sheet music out of the garbage. At the concert, Bobby talks to Nat, saying he is sorry that Rosalina left the band and she was a good kisser, and Nat lost control of himself and attacks Bobby. Nat is losing but fortunately, Alex scared Bobby away with a mere balloon that a little girl gave to him. She gave it to Alex after Bobby refused the gift and said “I hope your band kicks Bobby\'s band\'s butts!” Soon after, Bobby\'s band plays Nat\'s new song he stole from Rosalina  and she realizes Bobby is fake, and she runs over to the Naked Brothers and says that Bobby stole it from her and she should have listened. She then hugs Nat and apologizes while crying. Nat forgives her, but the rest of the band thinks that she is an idiot, but he yells at them and says not to say anything because she feels badly enough. There is a net of balloons above the stage, and Rosalina wishes that “all of the balloons were made of cement” and they would fall on Bobby Love\'s big, fat, phony head. Then, Alex reminds Nat that he\'s afraid of balloons. Rosalina pulls the rope, releasing the balloons. Balloons fall all over of Bobby\'s band, which causes him to panic and constantly yell in fear  for his mom and jumping on his bandmate, Pork, screaming: “I\'m not playing games! They\'re touching my face!!” Bobby Love and his band are booed off of the stage and gather at the dressing room. He expresses his anger because the band will have to dedicate all of the money from the next CD to the charity. Rita says that after this performance there won\'t be a next CD. Bobby Love hides his face in his hands in defeat and depression. Cooper and Patty show the Naked Brothers Band music video “L.A.” that Nat originally wrote on a screen in the wall. Seeing this, Matt Pinfield, who previously supported the L.A. Surfers, gives an explanation of what just happened: The L.A. surfers stole the song from the Naked Brothers and Bobby Love is really "balloon fearing surfer dude Robert Love from California. I repeat, Bobby Love is afraid of balloons, and is from San Diego". Meanwhile backstage, Nat instructed Rosalina on how to play his new song, "Girl Of My Dreams". Nat and the band come out on to the stage, and tell the audience to give a round of applause for the Honey Bunnies and the LA Surfers; nobody cheers at all. Then, Nat introduces the song, which is dedicated to a “very special person”  and notes that he wrote this when he was in pain and now that he\'s happy, he can actually enjoy it. The band performs the song, "Girl Of My Dreams " and win the battle of the bands.'] ['The story describes how the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa on the island blew half of the large island into the air that produced a tsunami, and an air wave that was felt seven times around the globe. The eruption also emitted tons of dust that dimmed the sun all over the world for many months.'] ['The film portrays the turbulent life of the “Great Z”, an engine driver on the Abidjan - Ouagadougou line for twenty years. He was laid off in 1995 by the National Railways of Burkina Faso following the privatization imposed by the World Bank. A seasoned reveler and a hedonist to the bone, he suddenly finds himself with no reason to live. He has lost everything and lives a gloomy life while waiting for his retirement pension. Tormented and employing a brutal and violent vocabulary, he emphatically describes his problems, his hatreds and his hopes.'] ["The documentary part is narrated by basketball players Saša Đorđević and Milenko Tepić featuring appearances by Korać's contemporaries such as Ivo Daneu, Josip Đerđa, Dragutin Čermak, Pedro Ferrándiz, Clifford Luyk, etc. The feature part dramatizes events from Korać's life."] ['Panahi is under house arrest, awaiting the result of his appeal of a six year prison sentence and twenty year ban on film-making, leaving the country or giving media interviews for "propaganda against the regime". Bored and desperate that this verdict may mean his artistic death, he starts documenting his life. He begins filming himself in his apartment, then calls his friend and collaborator, Mirtahmasb, who arrives at the apartment and takes over the camera. Banned from film making and determined to save at least some of his artistic visions, Panahi reads some of the scenario from the movie he was planning to make. Upon hearing fireworks marking the ancient Iranian festival Chaharshanbe Suri that precedes the Persian new year, Nouruz, and other suspicious noises resembling shots, he gets scared and quickly stops this project. He turns on the TV to hear the news. We see news about the tsunami in Japan and later it is announced that Iran\'s president has banned any fireworks and bonfires that used to mark Chaharshambe Suri. After Mr. Mirtahmasb\'s departure, Panahi takes his friend\'s camera and starts chatting with the boy who collects the litter in the apartment block, asking him questions about his life and plans for the future. This conversation takes places in the claustrophobic scenery of a lift, as the boy goes down from floor to floor and ever so often gets out of the lift to do his job.'] ["Coastal Command is a documentary-style account of the Shorts Sunderland and PBY Catalina flying boats during the Battle of the Atlantic. The film includes real footage of attacks on a major enemy ship by Hudson and Halifax bombers based in Iceland. Later, the film depicts a routine sea patrol, in which a Sunderland flying boat flies over a convoy and bombs a German U-boat. Two versions of the film were made, one featuring an explanatory voice-over. In this version, the film ends with a combined air attack on an enemy cruiser caught away from its base. The Sunderland's crew returns to England, mission accomplished, and with a wounded crew member in stable condition. In the second, slightly longer version of the film, the Sunderland crew returns home after the successful attack on the cruiser, and the wounded crew member is hospitalized. After a visit to the hospital, the film ends as the Sunderland crew is informed they will be re-deployed to West Africa, to begin a new mission."] ['The film is a character-driven documentary, which also reveals and explores a subculture of large wild animal keeping and breeding across the United States. The film starts from the premise that there are more tigers in private hands in the United States than there are roaming wild in the world.http://www.hsus.org/press_and_publications/press_releases/hsus_urges_us_senate_to_restrict_pet_trade_in_exotic_big_cats.html HSUS Urges U.S. Senate to Restrict Pet Trade in Exotic Big Cats And, that it is legal in half of the United States to keep a tiger or other big cat. The Tiger Next Door follows the story of a man named Dennis Hill who has been keeping and breeding tigers from his backyard in Flat Rock, Indiana for over 15 years. When the film begins, Hill has recently lost his federal USDA license to keep and breed tigers, bears and cougars and the Indiana Department of Natural Resources is threatening to shut him down citing dangerous and inhumane conditions. Hill has five days remaining to upgrade his facilities and place all but three of his 24 tigers, three bears, six leopards and one cougar in alternate homes --before the Indiana DNR will consider issuing licenses for the remaining three animals. The 86 minute film explores Hill\'s past and his motivations, as well as the numerous incidence of private large wild animal breeding in the United States-- by featuring extensive interviews with Hill, his family, neighbors and friends, local DNR officials, Special Agent Tim Santel of US Fish and Wildlife, Joe Taft director of the Exotic Feline Rescue Center,http://www.exoticfelinerescuecenter.org/ Exotic Feline Rescue Center and Carole Asvestas director of Wild Animal Orphanage. Ultimately, The Tiger Next Door draws connections between breeders like Hill and the nationwide overpopulation of domestically bred tigers. Hill\'s unfolding story is told against the backdrop of other news stories of tiger escapes, attacks and situations "gone bad" from around the United States. Including the story of Ming,http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2003-10-08-tiger-harlem-usat_x.htm USA Today the tiger who was found in an apartment in Harlem, New York in 2003. Filming for The Tiger Next Door began in 2003. The film debuted at the 2009 Hot Docs Film Festival in Toronto, Canada. This is Calamandrei\'s second feature length documentary. Her first feature documentary Prisoners in Paradise dealt with the story of Italian Prisoners of war held in the United States as POWs during World War II. It won Best of Festival at the Rhode Island International Film Festival in 2001 and was broadcast on PBS. Her first film, a short about ballroom dancing, premiered at Sundance Film Festival in 1990. Calamandrei is also the producer/director of live action segments for the Jim Henson/PBS children\'s show Sid the Science Kid.'] ["Ice People brings Anne Aghion and her crew to Antarctica where they spent four months following the lives of North Dakota State University geologist professors Allan Ashworth and Adam Lewis, as well as the McMurdo Station staff over four months. The film crew then followed the professors and two undergraduate students into the field where they camped out and shot in conditions of extreme cold and winds that ranged from -50°C/-60°F to 0°C/32°F. The film shows the scientific team scouring ancient emptied lakebeds in the hope of finding evidence of plants and insects that would prove that the world's coldest continent was once warm and verdant roughly 14 to 20 million years ago."] ['The film focuses on Project Nim, a research project that was mounted to determine whether a primate raised in close contact with humans could develop a limited "language" based on American Sign Language. The project was centered on a chimpanzee named Nim Chimpsky. The film also shows that Nim was passed between 3 different teachers, 2 of whom were the project leader\'s current or ex lovers and raises questions as to how seriously the experiment was performed.'] ['Before the film, several text cards explain bombers and the Royal Air Force chain of command. The film begins with an observation aircraft flying over and dropping a box of undeveloped film. Bomber Command develops the film and analyzes the resulting photographs, which are presented for the audience to see. There has been a massive build-up by German forces in the subject area for the past few months. The film shows the planning of the mission, even detailing how the bomber wing chooses munitions for the task. The weather forecast is expected to be good, and the pilots are briefed. The crew of "\'F\' for Freddie", the bomber that is the focal point of the film, suits up and takes off. While over Germany, the crew bombs the target, dead on for one bomb, but is hit by flak from \'faceless\' anti-aircraft gunners. The radio operator is hit in the leg. Freddie is the last aircraft to return. There is mist covering the water, prompting worry at the Command. Meanwhile, Freddie cannot climb after the flak hit. They are not losing altitude, but are in a bad situation. Tension builds in the film until finally, \'F for Freddie\' lands. No aircraft are lost and the mission is a complete success.'] ['Journey to Everest follows the adventures of a team of six American businessmen who travel to the Himalayas to trek to Everest Base Camp. On their way into the mountains to begin their ascent, they are bumped from a plane flight that crashes and kills 18 people. After the crash, the team begins to re-think their own lives and the time that they have now been given. As they struggle with their decision of whether to continue on their trek, their faith comes into the fore as they experience the Hindu/Buddhist world of Kathmandu, Nepal, face the challenges of the Everest Region, and discover the depths of who they are as Christians in a life-altering way.'] ['The 60-minutes documentary follows Sagat\'s working career with a rare behind-the-scenes glimpse into the cult actor\'s performances, and gives plenty of testimonials about Sagat\'s impact. Most of the shooting was done in Cognac, Paris and San Francisco. The film contains many quotations from other notables from the industry including Chi Chi LaRue who compares Sagat with the pop diva Madonna, and porn filmmaker Bruce LaBruce who calls Sagat "the Marilyn Monroe of gay porn -- Marilyn had her breasts, François has the ass". In this uncensored docu-portrait, the pornstar is engaged with a mixture of candor and quite touching fragility. And is not afraid to talk about his fears or cracks. An endearing look at a gay icon like no other. Very notably, he declares towards the end of the documentary: "Je pense que je vais arrêter le porno" .Têtu: "Sagat", le docu: "J\'aimerais arrêter le porno"'] ['{{expand section}} The film is constructed in three acts. The film opens with a montage. The first act concerns itself with Palin\'s experiences as the mayor of Wasilla. The second act is about Palin\'s half term as governor of Alaska. The third act, titled "From here, I can see November," revolves around her candicacy as vice-president and her rise to national prominence. It goes into detail how she became the darling of the Tea Party movement. The film ends with clips of the Madison rally where Palin challenged Republicans to: "Fight like a girl." The last shot is of Palin saying into the camera, "Mr. President, Game on!"'] ['The documentary tackles meanings of masculinity in gay men and culture through insightful interviews with a great number of diverse gay men mixed with fast-paced sometimes archival tour of diverse groups of gay males from 1970s to contemporary times. It also includes analytical and expert presentations writers, teachers, psychologists about their views of gay culture, masculinity, fetishism, discrimination etc. The documentary discusses how the gay "butch" men often feel alone in their plight to integrate in general gay life as masculine males. This film, despites "eye candy" shots of men, breaks through many stereotypes as well. Discussions include leather men, bears, rodeo riders, muscle men, construction workers, truck drivers, policemen, sportsmen and others, intertwined with questions of homophobia, stereotyping, metrosexuality, effeminacy, fashion.'] ['Wilson, a senior marketing executive, is laid off from a food company after fifteen years of good service. Losing his status and security, he is relegated to the role of dependent house husband, resented by his children and shunned by former colleagues.<ref namehttp://tiff.net/CANADIANFILMENCYCLOPEDIA/content/films/after-the-axe | titleToronto International Film Festival | workMay 03, 2012}}'] ['A young Tibetan from Québec, Canada, enters her homeland for the first time — carrying a clandestine video message from the Dalai Lama to Tibetans inside Tibet.'] [' Pricilianno, the first boy introduced in the story, has a very strong bond with his father. At the beginning of the film, his father tells him a story about a princess who was kidnapped by a conquistador and commits suicide in the lake he and his friend have been playing in. He is trying to teach his son the importance of respecting the dead, a very prevalent theme in Mexican culture. However, Priciliano is struck with grief when his father leaves his family to go find work "al otro lado" . He is particularly upset because he is about to celebrate his ninth birthday, which his father will be missing. Frustrated, he attempts to cross the river to the other side with his friend and nearly drowns but is rescued by the ghost of the princess his father told him about. An older man in the community tells Priciliano that it is important to stay with his family because they need him, and the boy accepts his role as "the man of the house" in his father\'s place and begins to learn how to live everyday life without him.  The second boy introduced in the story, Ángel, is ashamed of his mother, who is a prostitute. He was told before the story began that his father is a famous person and lives "al otro lado." Desperate for a sense of pride, he and his friend attempt to cross the ocean to find his father. Sadly, his friend drowns in the ocean and Ángel miraculously escapes. He doesn\'t have the courage to tell his friend\'s mother of what happened and feels extremely guilty. His grandfather notices something is wrong and urges his mother to talk to him. He tells his mother a little of what happened in the ocean and why they were there, and his mother figures out the rest and tells him that his father knows nothing of Ángel\'s existence. But tells him that he is all that she and his grandfather have and vice versa. Ángel learns to be content in his situation and the cinematography suggests that his friend\'s death is no longer a burden to him, but a memory to carry with him.  Fátima is a girl who runs away from home to find her father, bringing only a picture of him with her. She is intercepted, though, by slave traders. Miraculously, one of the customers takes her away and helps her find her father who is with another woman . Once confronted with his daughter, he leaves the other woman to return Fátima home. The movie ends with a shot of the two of them in front of their home village.'] ['The film follows retired soprano Sara Scuderi and the other tenants of the retirement home, as they re-live and re-enact the roles which made them famous.'] ['A film about love, love in a small town in Burkina Faso. Seeing how a society beats to the rhythm of its hearts is another way of understanding how they see their future. Seeing how people love one another somewhere in Africa can be like holding up a mirror to our own loves.{{cite web}}'] ["This documentary is, first of all, a theatre piece entitled Afrikaaps within a film. It is based on the creative processes and performances of the stage production. Using hip hop, Afrikaaps, the film and the stage play, breaks ground by boldly attempting to reclaim Afrikaans&nbsp;– so long considered a language of the oppressor&nbsp;– as a language of liberation. Present from the very beginning of the project, Dylan Valley captures revealing moments of the cast's and production crew’s personal narratives that transcend what happens on stage."] ['Motherland is an epic documentary about the African continent from Ancient Egypt to the present. It is an overview of African history and contemporary issues but with the African people at the centre of the story. It is one of the first Pan-African features to be made.'] ['Mr. Toronto starts his journey in Hamilton after he sees a billboard boasting "Toronto Sucks" as an advertisement campaign. He finds out that some fans of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats put on bags over their heads because of the shame of losing to Toronto during the Labour Day CFL game every year. He decides to go around Canada on a fake "Toronto Appreciation Day" tour. Mr. Toronto visits St. John\'s and Halifax, where Atlantic Canadians spit on his "Toronto Appreciation Day" banner. Then he travels to Montreal where local comedy troupe The Dancing Cock Brothers sing "Goodbye Toronto, Bonjour Montreal"[http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060723/neremberg_filmmaker_060723/20060723?hub"cbc">{{cite web}} During the 2006 NHL Stanley Cup Finals, he visits Edmonton where he risks his life by wearing a faux Wayne Gretzky Toronto Maple Leafs jersey during the Edmonton Oilers’ Stanley Cup run. In the end, Mr. Toronto is so discouraged that, like the Hamilton Tiger Cats fans, he puts a bag on his head and wanders into the fog at Toronto\'s Nuit Blanche art event, where, after admitting that Toronto does suck, he receives over 1,000 hugs from the Torontonians at the event, including the mayor of Toronto. This makes Mr. Toronto believe that his native city does not suck as the rest of Canada seems to think. Throughout the film Mr. Toronto does several television and radio interviews and is frequently asked, "What city in Canada hates Toronto the most?" At the end of the film he realizes that Toronto hates itself the most.'] ['Checkpoint is shot in cinéma vérité style with no narration and very little context. Shamir himself is absent from the film except for one scene in which a border guard asks him to try to make him "look good," and Shamir asks how he should do that. The camera films people trying to cross at various checkpoints. At some, such as the high-tech fortress like that at the Gaza Strip crossing there are hundreds of people crowded, waiting to get through. At others such as at South Jenin there is just a truck blocking the road while Palestinians trickle by. Interactions vary, ranging from mundane to mildly frustrating to maddening in their unfairness. Sometimes people show their identification cards without incident but much of what Shamir has chosen to include are the messier incidences. A school bus full of kids  the viewer sees several times and passes at South Jenin quite regularly  is emptied and told that it cannot proceed. A family is separated because a border guard does not see the need for the father to accompany his family to the doctor because he is not sick. A woman sends her crying children back home on their own because their papers are not in order. Hundreds ignore soldiers at one place and walk through to town, many carrying nothing but groceries. On the way to Nablus an ambulance is stopped and each passenger is forced to explain what their need for treatment is. A soldier calls Palestinians animals while they wait at Kalandia checkpoint in the snow. Sometimes the soldiers are obviously playing around with the people they are monitoring but often it seems that they are following arbitrary orders outside their control. The situation is only worsened by the fact that rarely does either party speak the same language: The entire film is spoken in patches of Arabic, Hebrew and English.'] ["This documentary film follows outspoken indie-rock hero Bob Forrest, through his life-threatening struggle with addiction, to his transformation into one of the most influential and controversial drug counselorsSpin MagazineLarry King Live Interview in the US todayDeadline article. Bob and the Monster crafts contemporary footage, animation and compelling interviews with archival performancesLA Weekly and personal videos from Bob's past to reveal the complex layers of this troubled, but hopeful soul. Testimony from his peers, including John Frusciante, Flea, Anthony Kiedis, Steven Adler and Courtney Love add texture, but it's the depth of Bob's music, interwoven throughout the film, that illuminates this unforgettable and inspirational story. The trailer made its debut online on February 18, 2011http://screencrave.com/2011-02-18/trailer-for-sxsws-bob-and-the-monster/. The film had its world premiere at the 2011 SXSW festival.SXSW official announcementSlashfilm CoverageVariety Coverage Bob and The Monster has played Nashville Film Festival, CIMMFest , HotDocs, Gold Coast International Film Festival , Sheffield Doc/Fest and AFI/Discovery Channel Silverdocs."] ["The Gate of Heavenly Peace is a three-hour documentary film about the 1989 protests at Tiananmen Square, which culminated in the violent government crackdown on June 4. The film uses archival footage and contemporary interviews with a wide range of Chinese citizens, including workers, students, intellectuals, and government officials, to revisit the events of “Beijing Spring.” From the beginning of the protests in mid-April to the night of June 3–4, the film provides a “meticulous day-by-day chronicle of the six-week period… This unglamorous but absorbing film interweaves videotaped scenes of the demonstrations and conversations with leaders and participants with an explanatory narration into an account that is as clear-headed as it is thorough and well-organized.”“Assessing Both Sides in Tiananmen Square Massacre,” Stephen Holden, The New York Times, October 14, 1995 Among those interviewed are Liu Xiaobo, Wang Dan, Wuer Kaixi, Han Dongfang, Ding Zilin, Chai Ling, Dai Qing, Feng Congde, and Hou Dejian. In addition, The Gate of Heavenly Peace examines the deeper history behind the demonstrations, providing historical and cultural context for the famous images that the Western media flashed around the world. The film explores the symbolic importance of Tiananmen Square and also looks at earlier political movements in China from the May Fourth Movement of 1919 to the Cultural Revolution of 1966-76 to the Tiananmen Incident of 1976. In so doing, the film considers the ways in which the political habits and attitudes that came to inform public life in China over the past century also shaped the events of 1989. Pauline Chen writes: “The Gate of Heavenly Peace illuminates how images of these movements, filtered and refracted through propaganda, emotion, and imperfect memory, provided inspiration and models for the participants, both students and government, in the 1989 events. The students thought they were emulating the May 4 leaders, forgetting that those students returned to school and worked for more gradual social change after successfully drawing attention to China's political and social problems. To some Communist Party members, however, the 1989 mass student demonstrations may have chillingly recalled the chaos and terror of the Cultural Revolution. Both the Cultural Revolution and the 1976 Tiananmen Incident attest to how extremists have used popular uprisings as excuses to get rid of their moderate rivals; the 'reactionary' Deng Xiaoping, who favored greater economic freedom, was blamed by Mao for the 1976 Tiananmen Incident and forced from his position. Unfortunately, today's hard-liners have also learned the lesson from these events. The moderate reformers Zhao Ziyang and Yan Mingfu, China's best hope for democratic reform, were ousted from power following the June 4 crisis.”Pauline Chen, “Screening History: New Documentaries on the Tiananmen Events in China,” Cineaste, vol. 22, no. 1"] ["On September 11, 1857, 120 immigrants aboard a wagon train bound for California were killed by Mormons in Utah. The event is described through the testimony of Nancy Sephrona, who was 4 years old at the time, and was one of the 17 known survivors. The film chronicles the struggle of the massacre descendants from both sides who are still haunted by the tragedy. LDS historian Glen Leonard is interviewed on camera, and makes statements as to the LDS Church's involvement in the massacre and the cover up. At the time, Leonard was working on the book Massacre at Mountain Meadows with historians Richard E. Turley, Jr. and Ronald W. Walker, which was published by Oxford University Press in 2008. The building of the monuments at the massacre site, as well as a dedication and speech by Gordon B. Hinckley, LDS Church President, can be seen in the documentary. The film also contains footage of forensic analysis of human remains found at the site during construction of the 1999 Monument."] ['The film explores how Cynthia developed her unique pursuit, follows the ups and downs of casting sessions with a shy guitarist and an extroverted glam rocker, and goes along for the ride as Cynthia prepares for her first gallery show in New York City.'] ['The film focuses on the issues of the commercialization of Christmas, materialism, the over-consumption in American culture, globalization, and the business practices of large corporations, as well as their economic and cultural effects on American society, as seen through the prism of activist/performance artist Bill Talen, who goes by the alias of "Reverend Billy", and his troupe of activists, whose street theater performances take the form of a church choir called "The Church of Stop Shopping," that sings anti-shopping and anti-corporate songs. The film follows Billy and his choir as they take a cross-country trip in the month prior to Christmas 2005, and spread their message against what they perceive as the evils of patronizing the retail outlets of several different large corporate chains.'] ['As the opening credits roll the film begins with shots of the infamous Milorad Ulemek, then commander of the Serbian police Special Operations Unit who was later convicted for the 2003 assassination of Prime Minister Zoran Đinđić, inspecting troops. Ulemek is not mentioned by name as he was still very much unknown to the general public at the time. The narrator sets the tone by informing the audience that although Serbia was not directly and officially involved in the Yugoslav wars, Serbia very much felt the effects: country is under the United Nations trade embargo, the inflation rate is skyrocketing, streets of Serbian cities are flooded with weapons, and the brain drain is in full swing with young professionals leaving abroad. At the same time many local career criminals plying their trade in Western Europe have returned home to take advantage of the chaotic situation. To further its point, the narration refers to the heinous crime that occurred on 1 December 1993 in Novi Beograd in Belgrade. Two returnees from the frontlines, Ilija Vujić and Darko Lončarić, broke into the apartment at Pohorska Street inhabited by Verica Židić and her 13-year-old son Davor. Vujić shot the mother in the liver, a technique he learned in the war that apparently allows the victim to live a little longer before succumbing, in order to have enough time to question her about her savings they were after. He then proceeded to kill her son as well. Belgrade police inspector Ljuba Milovanović is then interviewed about the gruesome double murder. He says that during questioning, Vujić\'s response to their question as to why he killed the son was: "Fuck the kid, he was supposed to be in school at that time of day, anyway". Narrator then says that before being apprehended by police, Vujić and Lončarić had recounted their crime in detail in a packed Belgrade cafe. None of the cafe guests who had heard the story found it necessary to call the police. In the end, Vujić received the death penalty.However, while waiting on the death row, he was pardoned by Serbian president Milan Milutinović because in the meantime the death penalty had been abolished in Serbia. Vujić\'s punishment was switched to 40 years in prison, which he has been serving since late 1993 in a high-security prison near Požarevac.http://mtsmondo.com/news/vesti/text.php?vest=79265 The movie then shifts to interviews with various Belgrade gangsters. While some of them act through close-knit criminal clans, others seem to be freelancers. Many of them have also done work for the Serbian state security agencies. War-struck Serbia is a frustrated nation. Young people realise that their future offers them only poverty, uncertainty and fear. As in many cities of ex-communist countries in which the standard of living fell rapidly, the young are easily tempted by money and glamour, things available to gang members. In the words of Bane Grebenarević: "Every young man in Serbia dreams of becoming a member of a gang for five minutes in his life". The same person adds that "Mortals  will not experience in their entire life what one of us experiences in one day." It is a generation that wants it all and it wants it now. Their idols are notorious criminals such as Carlos the Jackal and Željko Ražnatović. They acknowledge the fact that criminal activity in Serbia has not reached Western standards because of "lack of professionalism". They explain how things work and assess the positive and negative aspects of the criminal profession in the country. It is an unusual and disquieting opportunity for the viewer to peer into the underworld of the Balkans. The last scenes - the funerals of three of the people who had been interviewed and were killed during the shooting of the film - remind viewers that what they have seen and heard, no matter how unbelievable it may have seemed, is real. It is a documentary based on an original idea, rarely seen in the past and its immediacy make it compelling viewing.'] ['The narrator describes the fall of France, leaving Britain almost defenceless. British forces are vastly outnumbered, but the British people are calm. The narrator explains that this is because in a democracy the people as a whole are involved in the decision to fight. Hitler\'s masterplan to subjugate Britain is described. Hitler begins by attacking convoys and ports, but fails to destroy them. The RAF are outnumbered "6 - 8 - 10 to one", but knock out far more planes than the Germans do. Bailed out British pilots are also able to return to the air, but German pilots are lost. Unlike the Dutch and Polish airforce Britain does not "make the mistake of bunching its planes on the runways". Losses force Hitler to "take time out". He tells Goering to change tactics, so the Luftwaffe attack factories. Britain deploys "improved listening posts" to identify coming attacks. In August and September German losses are far more severe. However the "German mind" cannot understand why "free people fight on against overwhelming odds". The Nazis now aim to "crush the British spirit" by attacking London, destroying homes, hospitals and churches. But the people adapt and survive. Enraged, Goering takes personal command, sending a massive attack on September 15, to which the British respond with "everything they had". In the battle the Germans suffer severe losses. Despite many losses, and destruction of historic buildings, the Germans cannot break Britain. They switch to night attacks, hoping to terrorise the people and make them "cry for mercy". But the people show great resilience. The British also counter-attack, bombing German factories. Hitler takes revenge by destroying Coventry. After a brief respite at Christmas Hitler sends fire bombs to London, creating "the greatest fire in recorded history". More bombings and firestorms are created, but Britain\'s defences hold up, giving a year of precious time to other countries threatened by the Nazis. The film ends with Winston Churchill\'s statement that "never in the field of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few".'] ['The film centres around four cases in Cameroon involving violence against women. It shows women seeking justice and effecting change on universal human interests issues. It also shows strong and positive images of women and children in Cameroon.'] ["In this tour de force filmed lecture, Slavoj Žižek lucidly and compellingly reflects on belief - which takes him from Father Christmas to democracy - and on the various forms that belief takes, drawing on Lacanian categories of thought. In a radical dismissal of today's so called post-political era, he mobilizes the paradox of universal truth urging us to dare to enact the impossible. It is a characteristic virtuoso performance, moving promiscuously from subject to subject but keeping the larger argument in view.Slavoj Zizek, The Reality of the Virtual - A film by Ben Wright"] ["The protagonist of the story is Dolly, a female Dolichorhynchops, who travels the Kansas Inland Sea, 82 million years ago during the late Cretaceous period with her family. She gets attacked by a shark  which kills her mother; and is then killed by a Tylosaurus. Dolly survives with a tooth embedded in her flipper. Later, Dolly's brother is swallowed whole by a young Tylosaurus, then an older Tylosaurus kills the younger one, leaving Dolly alone. Then she becomes a mother and has three young of her of own. After seasons of traveling around the Inland sea, Dolly dies peacefully of old age."] ['Young, Jewish, and Left combines queer culture, Jewish-Arab history, secular Yiddishkeit, anti-racist analysis, and religious traditions into a multi-layered picture of the circa 2006 Jewish Left. Personal experiences from many of the era\'s leading Jewish activists frame Jewish identity in what it the official website says is "a fresh and constructive take on race, spirituality, Zionism, queerness, resistance, justice, and liberation." Dan Berger, in Left Turn magazine, writes: "Young Jewish and Left provides a beautiful cross-section of today\'s visionary thinkers, activists, and artists. The film celebrates the profound legacy of resistance among Jews—and criticizes the reactionary elements in Jewish communities, from the occupation to assimilation, patriarchy and homophobia. And it calls the Left to task for generally lacking an understanding of Jewish history or culture.Nextbook: Organizers and Agitators'] ["The film explores the problem of human meat consumption and suggests that the increasing demand of meat in the world could lead to a catastrophe.  *Entomologist Séverin Tchibozo suggests the larvae of the rhinoceros beetle contain much protein , more than chicken  and beef  and that larvae could become a protein source for a large [human] population. *Professor Arnold van Huis at Wageningen University in Netherlands says that locust can produce 1&nbsp;kg protein from 2&nbsp;kg fodder compared to a cow needing 10&nbsp;kg fodder to produce the same amount protein. Other benefits are that locust does not produce greenhouse gases and does not need antibiotics. *Marian Peters of Bugs Organic Food talks of people's attitudes towards eating insects and suggests separating mealworms from their exoskeleton and repackaging them."] ["The documentary intersperses archival footage with first-person interviews with disability rights activists who fought discrimination such as Fred Fay, I. King Jordan, Judi Chamberlin and Judith Heumann, and with legislators who helped draft and secure the passage of the ADA, including Tony Coelho and Tom Harkin. From the beginnings of the disability rights movement, when veterans with disabilities returning home from World War II began to demand an end to discrimination and for better access to employment and other social opportunities, Lives Worth Living traces the history of the movement in the United States in roughly chronological order. The film documents how, in the late 1960s and early 1970s, activists with disabilities began to adopt the some of the tactics and strategies used by civil rights activists a decade earlier, including marches, protests, and civil disobedience. Using sometimes-disturbing archival footage, Lives Worth Living describes efforts spearheaded by activists and politicians like Bobby Kennedy to shine a public spotlight on the often-horrendous conditions in state institutions for people with mental disabilities, such as Willowbrook State School in Staten Island, New York, eventually leading to deinstitutionalization and community-based alternative programs. Lives Worth Living also documents how, in 1988, Deaf students at Gallaudet University in Washington D.C. protested the appointment of yet another in a long line of hearing presidents, and demanded that a deaf president be appointed instead. People with disabilities formed cross-disability coalitions to demand access to all the things that nondisabled people take for granted, including public transportation, accessible housing, public accommodations, and jobs. All these efforts culminated in the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act by Congress, and the ADA's signing by President George H. W. Bush on July 26, 1990.{{cite news}}"] ["Great Directors features interviews with Bernardo Bertolucci, David Lynch, Stephen Frears, Agnes Varda, Ken Loach, Liliana Cavani, Todd Haynes, Catherine Breillat, Richard Linklater and John Sayles. Great Directors was debuted at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival in May,Release dates for 'Great Directors'. IMDb. Retrieved 2010-11-16. and was released in New York City on July 2, 2010."] ['The film begins in black-and-white and in standard 4:3 aspect ratio, as travel writer and newscaster Lowell Thomas appears on screen to discuss the evolution of motion picture entertainment, from the earliest cave paintings designed to suggest movement, up to the introduction of color and sound. At the conclusion of the 12-minute lecture, Thomas speaks the words "This is Cinerama" and the screen expands into the full Cinerama aspect ratio and colour as a series of vignettes, narrated by Thomas begin. The film includes scenes of the roller coaster from Rockaways\' Playland, then moves on to a scene of the temple dance from Aida, views of Niagara Falls, a performance by a church choir , a performance by the Vienna Boys\' Choir, scenes of the canals of Venice, a military tattoo in Edinburgh, a bullfight, more from Aida, a sound demonstration in stereo, scenes from Cypress Gardens amusement park including a water skiing showWater skis, incidentally, having been first patented by Fred Waller, inventor of Cinerama,, and the playing of America the Beautiful as scenes are shown from the nose of a low flying B-25. The producers were Thomas, Merian C. Cooper, and Robert L. Bendick, directed by Bendick . Cooper had long experience with technical innovation in cinema, including King Kong.'] ['The film profiles Michael Perry, a man on death row convicted of murdering Sandra Stotler, a fifty-year-old nurse. He was suspected, but never charged, in two other murders which occurred in Conroe, Texas, with his accomplice Jason Burkett. Perry was convicted eight years earlier of the October 2001 murder, apparently committed in order to steal a car for a joyride. Perry denies that he was responsible for the killings, blaming Burkett  who was convicted of the other two murders. Burkett, who received a lesser life sentence for his involvement, likewise blames Perry.http://tiff.net/filmsandschedules/tiff/2011/intotheabyss{{dead link|date"officialsite"/> The film also includes interviews with victims\' families and law enforcement officers.{{cite news}} Burkett\'s wife appears in the film, a free woman who met and married Burkett after his conviction. They were only allowed contact by holding hands under guarded supervision, but she claims to be pregnant with his child.{{cite web|urlWerner Herzog’s Prison Doc Now Titled Gazing Into The Abyss: A Tale of Death, A Tale Of Life |publisherJune 20, 2011 |accessdate"varietyreview">{{cite news}}'] ['Kopple initially intended to make a film about Kenzie, Miners for Democracy and the attempt to unseat Tony Boyle. When miners at the Brookside Mine in Harlan County, Kentucky, struck in June 1972, Kopple went there to film the strike against Duke Power Company and UMWA\'s response . The strike proved a more interesting subject, so Kopple switched the focus of her film. Kopple and her crew spent years with the families depicted in the film, documenting the dire straits they find themselves in while striking for safer working conditions, fair labor practices, and decent wages: following them to picket in front of the stock exchange in New York, filming interviews with people affected by black lung disease, and even catching miners being shot at while striking. The most significant point of disagreement in the Harlan County strike was the company\'s insistence on including a no-strike clause in the contract.Biskind, peter. Jumpcut: A Review of Contemporary Media, "Harlan County, USA, The miners\' struggle", no. 14, 1977, pp. 3-4. Last accessed: February 14, 2011. The miners were concerned that accepting such a provision in the agreement would limit their influence over local working conditions. The sticking point was mooted when, a few years after this strike, the UMWA folded the agreement that was eventually won by this group of workers into a global contract. Rather than using narration to tell the story, Kopple chose to let the words and actions of these people speak for themselves. For example, when the strike breakers and others hired by the company show up early in the film &mdash; the strikers call them "gun thugs" &mdash; the company people try to keep their guns hidden from the camera. As the strike drags on for nearly a year, both sides eventually openly brandish their weapons. Kopple also relays statistics about the companies and the workers to support the strikers, such as the fact that Duke Power Company\'s profits increased 170 percent in a single year. Meanwhile, the striking miners, many of whom are living in squalid conditions without utilities like running water, received a 4% pay increase despite an estimated 7% cost of living increase for that same year. Joseph Yablonski was a passionate, populist union representative who was loved by many of the miners. Yablonski challenged W.A. "Tony" Boyle for the presidency of the UMWA in 1969, but lost in an election widely viewed as corrupt. Later that year, Yablonski and his family were found murdered in their home. Tony Boyle is shown early in the film in good health. Later he is seen frail, sickly and using a wheelchair, being carried up the courthouse steps to face a conviction for giving $20,000 to another union executive council member to hire the killers. Almost a full year into the strike a striking miner named Lawrence Jones is fatally shot during a scuffle. Jones was well liked, young and had a 16-year-old wife and a baby. His mother collapsed from grief at his funeral. This moment more than anything else finally forces the strikers and the management to come to the bargaining table. A central figure in the documentary is Lois Scott, who plays a major role in galvanizing the community in support of the strike. Several times she is seen publicly chastising those she feels have been absent from the picket lines. In one scene, Scott pulls a pistol from her bra. Associate director Anne Lewis compares Scott to Women\'s Liberation activists in the film\'s 2004 Criterion Collection special feature The Making of Harlan County, USA.'] ["Dislecksia traces the many trials Hubbell faced growing up as a dyslexic in the 1960s and '70s, with discussions on his school performance and how he was handled by teachers. It also examines the root causes of dyslexia and seeks to explain how a dyslexic brain differs from a normal brain. It discusses the prominence of reading difficulties throughout the nation and features a discussion of how educators can hope to improve the current situation. The film features interviews with many prominent dyslexics, scientists and advocates, and examines the current scientific information coming out of Yale's Haskins Laboratories and Georgetown University's Center for the Study of Learning. It also explores schools that have been created specifically for children with dyslexia and other learning differences or disabilities, such as Litchfield's Forman School and New Jersey's Newgrange School. Hubbell has stated that he hopes the film will change laws and lives by improving common knowledge about dyslexia and changing its status in the United States."] ['Using a half road-movie, half documentary style, the film presents work and life of a Cuban band living in Guantanamo, Cuba. The film contains many music clips with well-done subtitles, as well as rehearsal work or live acts. In interview parts the musicians also explain how they develop their song concepts out of difficulties of daily life.'] ['Archival film footage shows the many famous North American trains that operated dome cars. They include the Empire Builder, Super Chief, North Coast Limited, Daylight, Capitol Limited, Denver Zephyr, City of Los Angeles, Canadian and the California Zephyr. The documentary consists of interviews with seasoned travelers and rail historians, plus images of present-day dome cars on a variety of dinner and cruise trains—including the newest "bi-level" domes used in Alaska and Canada. These are the cars are in use by American Orient Express, Holland America, Princess Tours, Alaska Railroad, Royal Caribbean and Rocky Mountaineer Railtours.'] ['Baseball of the 19th century was America\'s most popular spectator sport. Professional teams like the 1889 Brooklyn Bridegrooms drew nearly a half a million fans per season. In watching some of the earliest known games, there was presence of thousands of fans, but no benefit of the signals on the diamond to allow the spectators to know what was happening on the field. There were no signals for strike, safe, out or foul and no announcer to interpret the game. Prior to the invention of baseball signs, the only signal was the umpire\'s voice, consumed by the roar of thousands of excited fans. Signs of the Time explores the origins of this pivotal innovation and the baseball pioneers that changed the course of the game and history. Several have laid claim to the signs and signals that have so profoundly influenced America\'s game but only two deserve consideration. The first is William Klem, the most significant umpire of the last century and the first to be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He spent nearly forty years in professional baseball from 1905 to 1942, influencing many of the greatest legends of the game. He was well known for his authoritative style behind the plate and his boastful demeanor in public. The second man was William "Dummy" Hoy, who since the age of two, was profoundly deaf and unable to speak. Hoy was drafted by the professional Oshkosh Baseball Club in 1886. Through his career from 1886–1903, Hoy was admired by his teammates, revered by the fans, and became the most celebrated deaf player in the history of big-league baseball. Both of these unique men made significant contributions to the game and each has laid claim to the signs of baseball. But like the origins of the game itself, the genesis of baseball\'s greatest innovation is steeped in legend and fraught with polarizing opinions. Signs of the Time is a dynamic story of triumph over adversity that exposes the myths and mysteries of the game with fascinating anecdotes of the past, historically accurate depictions of early baseball and interviews with the most influential names of the game. The signs of baseball today influence the way we view America\'s game, and also how we view our culture.'] ['Cocaine Cowboys chronicles the development of the illegal drug trade in Miami during the 1970s and 1980s with interviews of both law enforcement and organized crime leaders, in addition to news footage from the era. The film reveals that in the 1960s and early 1970s, marijuana was the primary import drug into the region. During the 1970s, marijuana imports were replaced by the much more lucrative cocaine imports. Drug importers reveal several of the different methods used to import the drugs into Florida. The primary methods used to import the narcotics were by boat or by air. The drug importers also reveal the complexity of their methods of importation. The logistics involved with the importation included the purchase and financing of legitimate businesses to provide cover for illegal operations, the use of sophisticated electronic homing devices, and other elaborate transportation schemes. The distribution networks were also highly elaborate, and many people were involved locally and nationally in the consumption of the imported cocaine. Importers reveal that condominiums were purchased near particular ocean waterways to provide a monitoring post for Coast Guard and local police patrol boats. Importers reveal the use of high-tech radio monitoring equipment used to monitor the radio frequencies of Federal, State, and local authorities in order to warn incoming boats and airplanes. The film reveals that much of the economic growth which took place in Miami during this time period was a benefit of the drug trade. As members of the drug trade made immense amounts of money, this money flowed in large amounts into legitimate businesses. As a result, drug money indirectly financed the construction of many of the modern high-rise buildings in southern Florida. Later, when law enforcement pressure drove many major players out of the picture, many high-end stores and businesses closed because of plummeting sales. Also documented in the film is the gangland violence associated with the trade. The interviewees in the film argue that Griselda Blanco, an infamous crime family matriarch, played a major role in the history of the drug trade in Miami and other cities across America. It was the lawless and corrupt atmosphere, primarily from Blanco\'s operations, that led to the gangsters\' being dubbed the "Cocaine Cowboys".'] ['The documentary is primarily a look at the making of the film Return of the Jedi, which had been released that year. However it includes considerable material and behind-the-scenes footage from the two previous Star Wars films and an extensive interview with Star Wars creator George Lucas who discusses his influences, his original plans, and the process of creating the saga. The footage of the making of Return of the Jedi includes a look at the creation of the various alien creatures seen in the film , on location in Yuma Desert in Arizona for the sequence aboard Jabba\'s sailbarge, on location in the redwood forests of Northern California for the Endor scenes, the filming of the speeder bike chase sequence, and the creation of the various alien languages and the songs "Lapti Nek" as performed by the character Sy Snootles and the Ewok celebration song at the end of the film. It also includes the original deleted scene from the first Star Wars film featuring Han Solo\'s meeting with Jabba the Hutt, who was then played by Irish actor Declan Mulholland .'] ['Trembling Before G-d interviews and follows several gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews, many only seen in silhouette, and also interviews several rabbis and psychologists regarding their views on homosexuality in Orthodox Judaism. The film repeatedly returns to several characters: David is an observant Orthodox Jewish doctor from Los Angeles who has spent a decade trying to reconcile his homosexuality with Judaism. He has tried numerous forms of "treatment", from eating figs and praying to wearing a rubber band on his wrist to flick whenever he thinks of men, but to no avail.<ref name1353371 Trembling before G-d], Hollywoodreporter.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. During the course of the film, David decides to visit the Chabad rabbi to whom he first came out.Tremblingbeforeg-d.com, Who\'s Who. Retrieved March 9, 2007. Israel is a 58-year-old New Yorker who decided he couldn\'t be gay and Orthodox, and turned his back on his religion, though not before his family forced him into electroshock therapy to try to cure him. Now a tour guide around the Haredi neighborhoods of New York, the film follows him as he gives a tour, psychoanalyzes himself and decides, on the 25th anniversary of being with his life partner, to call his 98-year-old father, a rabbi, whom he has not seen in over twenty years.<ref namehttp://www.calendarlive.com/movies/reviews/cl-movie000013084feb20,0,2776571.story|date DASHBot}} Michelle is another New Yorker, in her forties, who believed she was the only Hasidic lesbian in the world and as a consequence allowed herself to be pressured into marriage. However, she got divorced and was subsequently ostracized by her family and community when they discovered she was homosexual. The film shows her visiting her old neighborhood and an Orthodox fair.Armstrong, Rod, Reel Review: Trembling Before G-d, Reel.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. Rabbi Steven Greenberg, one of the founding members of the Jerusalem Open House, a gay rights organization in Israel which provides support to gay Orthodox Jews and their families, who is sometimes called "the world’s first openly gay Orthodox rabbi",{{cite web}} discusses parents\' reactions to their children coming out, as well as traditional interpretations of the prohibitions on homosexual acts in the Torah. Shlomo Ashkenazy is a gay psychotherapist who has run a confidential support group for Orthodox gay men for nearly 20 years.<ref name432 Trembling Before G-d], Slant Magazine. Retrieved February 18, 2007. Mark is the English son of a Haredi rabbi. Coming out at 15, he was expelled from seven yeshivas for homosexual activity before becoming a drag queen, and is now dying of AIDS-related illness. He visits several yeshivas and other religious sites throughout the film.French, Philip , Trembling Before G-d, The Observer. Retrieved February 18, 2007. He remains upbeat, at one point saying, "Being a Jew is such a nice present to receive." "Malka" and "Leah" are two observant Orthodox lesbians who have been together for ten years, which has destroyed Malka\'s relationship with her family. They speak frankly about their lives in the film and discuss their fears that they may not end up in heaven together. They are shown preparing for Shabbat, and Leah gives advice to a married Hasidic lesbian who is terrified her husband will find out and take away her children.Burke, Brian , Trembling Before G-d, DVDVerdict.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. The film follows her as she attends her first gay pride parade, where she is offended by the anti-Orthodox sentiment of its speakers.'] ['African slaves were first brought to Cape Verde by Portuguese settlers in 1462. These slaves brought with them the cultural rhythm and music which would become Batuque: a musical form punctuated by drums while participants danced in a circle. The dance, repressed during the Colonial era, has been adopted as a symbol of the Cape Verdan cultural identity. The film seeks to document the dance form through interviews and performance by the musical group Raiz di Tambarina.'] ["The movie includes scenes from numerous shuttle missions, beginning with footage of a de-orbiting  Challenger  on its approach to the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral, complete with sonic boom. Mission STS-41-C, the 11th for the shuttle program and the fifth for Challenger is featured most heavily, beginning with the deployment of the Long Duration Exposure Facility  satellite. The capture and repair of the Solar Max satellite also receives a great deal of coverage, including a detailed overview of training for the mission in a large pool at NASA. This particular mission is of interest, as the first attempt at capturing the satellite failed, and a second attempt almost 12 hours later had to be made. That portion of the mission was a success, with the satellite being brought to the payload bay on the next attempt, and was repaired quickly by astronauts James van Hoften and George Nelson. Other STS 41-C mission activities included a student experiment located in a middeck locker to determine how honeybees make honeycomb cells in a microgravity environment. Other shuttle missions are interspersed during the feature with the STS-41-C footage. Highlights include: * STS-41-D: The first launch of Discovery, with footage of liftoff, the deployment of two of the three satellites on this mission, and special attention given to the novelty of the experimental OAST-1 solar array, which was a precursor to the solar arrays of the International Space Station.  Footage is also shown of Discoverys landing and transport from its landing site at Edwards Air Force Base to Kennedy Space Center on the back of the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft. * STS-41-G: The sixth flight of Challenger, notable as the largest crew aboard the shuttle at that time, the first time two women flew together on the shuttle, and the first spacewalk by an American woman, Kathy Sullivan. Footage of Hurricane Josephine is also shown. Additionally, a small amount of time is also dedicated to other aspects of the shuttle program, including: * Other crew that work on the shuttle; * The work of inspecting and replacing the shuttle's heat tiles; * Training the astronauts must complete to prepare for missions; * What the astronauts eat on spaceflights; * How astronauts would bail out if an emergency occurred on the launch pad.  The movie was produced and shot 15-18 months before the Challenger disaster, and includes appearances by the shuttle Challenger itself, and two astronauts, Francis Scobee and Judith Resnik, who died in the accident."] ['The footage, interspersed with "expert" interviews, begins with the McPherson family gathered for Thanksgiving dinner. The power goes out, so Kurt and Brian go outside to check the fuses; Tommy follows with his camera. After finding the fuses charred and partially melted, they head into the woods to investigate a transformer which is throwing sparks. They find a UFO in a nearby field. As they watch from the treeline, two aliens exit the ship and use a ray-gun on a cow. Despite their attempt to remain hidden, the three men are spotted. They rush back to the house and try to convince their incredulous family to flee while there is still time. They see lights in the sky and a furtive figure outside a window, but the family refuses to believe the brothers\' story until Tommy plays them the tape. Suddenly, a high-frequency screech incapacitates everyone but six-year-old Rose. When it stops, Kurt straps a flashlight to his shotgun and decides to get everyone in his truck and leave. The truck won\'t start. The battery has melted so they return to the house. As they take stock of the situation they hear scrabbling sounds from the roof and discover that an alien has made its way in through an open window. Kurt leads the way up the stairs and begins to search. Tommy takes the opportunity to go into his bedroom and change his soiled pants when he is ambushed by an alien—it  puts him in a trance, investigates his camera, and slips away, leaving Tommy with no memory of the encounter. Tommy is awakened by the shouts of Kurt, who has trapped an alien in an adjacent room. They are greeted by a laser shot and Kurt responds with his shotgun. Everyone retreats downstairs. A ball of light floats into the house and puts Renee into a coma. Kurt and Brian go outside to try to swap out the truck battery in a final attempt to get the family to safety and take Renee to a hospital. Seemingly minutes after they leave, gunshots are heard outside and the lights begin to flicker. Those who remain experience a series of vivid auditory and visual hallucinations to which Rose seems to be immune. Tommy puts the camera down, and in a moment when she is left alone, Rose takes the shells out of the remaining shotgun. Later, everyone  feels a burning sensation on the backs of their necks where they discover triangle-shaped burns. The group becomes hysterical as more shots are heard. They go outside where Tommy discovers a couple of mangled shotguns, but not his brothers. The camera pans towards the woods to reveal strange lights and two approaching figures. Everyone races back into the house where they barricade themselves in. The camera is dropped and goes black. Tommy then gives a tearful testimonial, a la The Blair Witch Project, and wonders if he\'ll live to see tomorrow. He searches through all the rooms and suddenly comes face-to-face with an alien. Tommy drops the camera and stands frozen in a trance-like state. The tape stops. The family and their guests haven\'t been seen since.  An alternate ending is presented in an extended version of the film, made available after the initial television airing. In it, the family is seen re-entering the house and, after the death of Renee, the survivors gather around the table to eat in order to keep up their strength and spirits. It is implied that Rosie unlocks the front door because the aliens gain entry to the house and subdue the family with what appears to be psychic powers. An alien disables the camera as the family is seen following the aliens out of the house. Though the tape is a depiction of a supposedly real incident, the actors\' credits roll at the end, showing that the film is, in fact, a work of fiction.'] ['The film follows the progress during 2006 and 2007 of a $27 billion legal case brought against the Chevron Corporation following the drilling of the Lago Agrio oil field, a case described by activists as an “Amazon Chernobyl”. The plaintiffs of the class action lawsuit are 30,000 Ecuadorians living in the Amazonian rainforest who claim their ancestral homeland has been polluted by the oil industry. In addition to the legal struggle, Crude shows interviews from representatives of the plaintiffs and defendants of the class action lawsuit, and explores the influence of media support such as Vanity Fair, celebrity activism including support from musical artist Sting and his wife Trudie Styler, the power of multinational corporations, the shifting power in Ecuadorian politics, and rapidly-disappearing indigenous cultures explored in the movie. The film ends with a prediction the lawsuit will not be resolved for another decade or so unless an out of court settlement is arranged.'] ["The Walk tells the story of three hundred Native people that attempted to walk 768 miles, from the Pala Reservation near San Diego to Sacramento, in an effort to bring unification to the tribal nations of California. California has the largest Native American population in the United States with 278 tribal nations, more than any other state in the country. The history of California Indians is brutal and devastating, but few Americans, including Californians, know anything about these tribes. The Walk tells the moving story of the traditional walk of several California tribal communities and their supporters. Led by Native spiritual leader, Robert John, and beginning at the Pala reservation in Southern California, the group makes the 768-mile journey to Sacramento, the state's political seat. There they hope to bring light to issues threatening Native American sovereignty, preservation of culture and language, and intertribal unity."] ['Berlin: Symphony of a Metropolis is largely an avant-garde film, and does not have a story or a plot. However, the events of the film are arranged to simulate the passage of a single day .Silents Are Golden entry Shots and scenes are cut together based on relationships of image, motion, point of view, and thematic content. At times, a sort of non-narrative commentary can be implied, as in edits that juxtapose workers entering a factory with cattle being beaten and driven into a corral. The five reel film is divided into five acts, and each act is announced through a title card at the beginning and end. One leitmotiv that is present in all of the acts, which largely connects them, is the theme of the train and streetcar. Much of the motion in the film, and many of the scene transitions, are built around the motion of trains and streetcars. I Akt: The first act starts the day, beginning with calm waters and a graphic representation of a sunrise. Railroad crossing gates are lowered, a train travels through down the tracks and proceeds into the city, ending with a graphic of the "Berlin" sign approaching. The film then transitions through calm and empty streets, to the gradual process of the city waking up. At first, only objects are seen, such as a bit of paper blowing through an empty street, but soon a few people arise, then more are about, and the activity builds to crowds of workers going to work, pedestrians, busy streetcars, trains etc. A hand manipulates a lever, effectively turning on the city, and factory machinery springs to life. Glass bulbs are produced, sheets of metal are cut, molten steel is poured, smokestacks are seen against the sky, and the first act ends. II Akt: The second act shows more of the general life of the city, beginning with the opening of gates, shutters, windows, doors, people busy cleaning, fruit carts, children going to school. Mailmen start their day, shops open. Different classes of people are seen, some mounting buses and streetcars, while wealthy men enter chauffeured private cars. The city is bustling with activity. Office workers prepare to start their day, as roll top desks open, people set out their pens, paper, open books, remove the cases from typewriters, and a bank of typists quickly erupt into activity. Keys on keyboards spiral around one another, and a montage of a spinning hypnotist\'s wheel, monkeys biting one another, telephone operators, machinery, and dogs fighting is mixed into the general busy work of the office, building quickly to a crescendo... phone receivers hang up. End of the second act. III Akt: The third act shows more busy street life, and a variety of people of different classes going about their business. There are industrial workers, construction workers, salespeople, shoppers, etc. A fight between two men breaks out briefly, but is quickly stopped by bystanders and a policeman. There are many crowds, a father and bride arriving at a wedding, some flirtation between people on the street, a coffin on a hearse seen through the windows of a streetcar, a diplomat arrives at a ministry, the Reich President is saluted by police, a conservative students\' organization is marching with banners, an angry protestor lectures a crowd, there are a few glimpses of racial minorities, lots of workers, and plenty of chaotic activity. Trains, trains, trains, and several newspapers held up for display, dissolving over one another, bringing us to the end of the third act. IV Akt: The fourth act starts with a lunch break. 12:00 is shown on a clock, and the spinning wheels of a factory slow to a stop. A variety of workers leave their workplaces. People start to eat and drink, and animals feed. Some poignant transitions intercut a wealthy diner with a lion feeding on meat from a bone, and hungry street kids embracing their mother clothed in rags sitting out on the steps. Many types of people eat, and some rest. Some poor folk sleep on benches or wall ledges, while activity goes on around them. Animals are seen resting, as an elephant lays down, a work dog tethered to a cart lies on the pavement, various zoo animals loll about. Idle kids play. Finally, a demanding diner in a cafe taps his spoon on a sugar bowl, and it awakens the city again, as the animals rise, then factory machinery starts up, and workers return to work. A paper press churns out newspapers, and a man reads a paper which is held up for our view... words leap up prominently from the page, first "Krise" , then "Mord" , Börse , "Heirat" , and then six times "Geld... Geld...Geld" . A storm of sorts arises, with the montage of revolving doors, wind, roller coasters and trains, rain, cyclones of leaves, a woman peering frantically over a rail into water, cut against P.O.V.s of roller coasters, churning water, a crowd looking down, a splash, eyes, fighting dogs, etc. The chaos eventually subsides, and the day winds down, as workers finish their day, and recreation begins. Children play in a lake, boats come out to race, and many kinds of races and games are displayed, finally concluding with a few romantic couples on park benches and the fall of night. V Akt: The fifth and final act is devoted to the people\'s entertainment at night. House lights come on, then many advertising signs are lit, and people go out to the theater. Curtains open on a variety of performances, including showgirl burlesques, trapeze artists, jugglers, singers and dancers. Audiences gather in a movie theater, and a brief glimpse is seen of Chaplin\'s distinctive feet and cane at the bottom of a movie screen. As people leave a theater show, some sexuality is implied by a man\'s hand caressing a woman\'s bare arm as they enter a taxi, and her bare calf and frilly skirt are displayed. They pull away, ignoring a child beggar, and a lit up hotel sign is next displayed. Another montage of entertainments includes ice shows and hockey, skiers, sledders, indoor races, boxing and dance contests. The leitmotiv of streetcars continues, and rail workers continue to work through the night. People drink, flirt, and dance in beer halls and cocktail lounges, while card games and roulette are played. The city starts to spin wildly, transitions into a firework display, and thus ends the final act and the film.'] ['The film attempts to expose how the American government over 50 years has tried to strum up war effort using the media as a tool. "War Made Easy gives special attention to parallels between the Vietnam war and the war in Iraq."{{cite web}}'] ['The documentary interlaces the footage filmed in 2006 with personal videos taken by Blunt in 1999, as well as news footage from the Kosovo conflict.{{cite journal}}'] ['The film is part three of the tetralogy Homem Montanhês . It portrays the inhabitants of a remote village of north-eastern Portugal, in Trás-os-Montes, still keeping secular traditions such as communal cooperation.'] [' During the 2008-09 Taking Chances Tour, Dion played concerts in 5 continents, 25 countries and 93 cities. Her first tour in 9 years was wildly successful, selling over 3 million tickets.<ref namehttp://www.celinedion.com/celinedion/english/whatsgoinon_pr.cgi?idCeline Dion Entertains the World in The Hot Ticket\'s Presentation of \'Celine: Through the Eyes of the World\' |work2009-12-03}} A small team did 800 hours of filming from South Africa to Omaha. The photo director Jean-François Perrault captured many great images of Dion all around the world. Intercutting concert performances of Dion\'s biggest hits with behind the scenes footage, the documentary depicts singer\'s life during the Taking Chances Tour, giving fans "the unique opportunity to follow Celine everywhere, on stage, backstage, enjoying free time with her family; this movie will show it all".{{cite web}} Sony\'s president of worldwide distribution, Rory Bruer said of the film: "For fans, this is a chance to both hear an artist in a theater setting with great sound, as well as take a look inside their lives. It isn\'t like seeing the person live, but it does add that huge element of intimacy".'] ['The film follows the passage of the controversial legislation through Congress, the effect critics say it had on Arabs and Muslims in the U.S., and the treatment of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay.'] ['Sick of suburbia, Natalie and Richard Newman move to rural Vermont, where they expect the unspoiled setting and intrinsic values to rejuvenate their marriage. Natalie wants to start a family; Richard, who has grown children from a first marriage, does not. As a compromise they build a trophy house. The construction of the dreamhouse inevitably leads to a visit from the local tax assessor . Enter George Lyford, a lister and farmer, who over the course of two inspections, develops a flirtation with Natalie, which results in his becoming her handyman.'] ['The plot follows the coronial investigation into the accident which killed 83 people as a commuter train left the rails and hit a row of overhead road bridge supports constructed from concrete and steel. With its supports demolished, the bridge and several cars on top of it crashed down onto carriages three and four, crushing them and the passengers inside.'] ['In an astonishing exposition of choreographic fomentation, nine African choreographers tell stories of an emergent art form and their diverse and deeply contemporary expressions of self. Stunning choreography and riveting critiques challenge stale stereotypes of “traditional Africa” to unveil soul-shaking responses to the beauty and tragedy of 21st century Africa.'] ['The Dungeon Masters explores the subculture of gamers and role-playing games, specifically Dungeons & Dragons.'] ['Shot in both Latin America and the United States, the film explores the historic and current relationship of Washington with countries such as Venezuela, Bolivia and Chile. According to Pilger, his film "...tells a universal story... analysing and revealing, through vivid testimony, the story of great power behind its venerable myths. It allows us to understand the true nature of the so-called "war on terror". Pilger believes the film’s message is that the greed and power of empire is not invincible and that people power is always the "seed beneath the snow". Pilger interviews several ex-CIA agents who purportedly took part in secret campaigns against democratic governments and who he claims are profiting from the war in Iraq. He investigates the School of the Americas in the U.S. state of Georgia, where General Pinochet’s torture squads were reportedly trained along with tyrants and death-squad leaders in Haiti, El Salvador, Brazil and Argentina. The film uses archive footage to support its claim that democracy has been wiped out in country after country in Latin America since the 1950s. Testimonies from those who fought for democracy in Chile and Bolivia are also heard. Segments filmed in Bolivia show that for the last five years huge popular movements have demanded that multinational companies be refused access to the country\'s natural reserves of gas, or to buy up the water supply. In Bolivia, Pilger interviews people who say that their country\'s resources, including their water and rainwater, were asset stripped by multinational interests. He describes how they threw out a foreign water consortium and reclaimed their water supply. The narrative leads to the landslide election of the country\'s first indigenous President. In Chile, Pilger talks to women who survived the pogroms of General Augusto Pinochet, in remembrance of colleagues who perished at the hands of the dictator. He walks with Sara de Witt through the grounds of the torture house in which she was tortured and survived. Pilger also investigates the "model democracy" that Chile has become and claims that there is a façade of prosperity and that Pinochet’s legacy is still alive. The film also tells the story of an American nun, Dianna Ortiz, who tells how she was tortured and gang raped in the late 1980s by a gang reportedly led by a fellow American clearly in league with the U.S.-backed regime, at a time when the Reagan administration was supplying the military regime with planes and guns. Ortiz asks whether the American people are aware of the role their country plays in subverting innocent nations under the guise of a "war on terror". Former CIA agent and Watergate scandal conspirator Howard Hunt, who describes how he and others overthrew the previously democratically elected government. Hunt describes how he organised "a little harmless bombing". Duane Clarridge, former head of CIA operations in South America is also interviewed. Pilger traveled through Venezuela with its president, Hugo Chavez, who he regards as the only leader of an oil-producing nation who has used its resources democratically for the education and health of its people. The Venezuelan segment of the film recounts events during the coup attempt of 2002, captured in archival footage. The film argues that the failed 2002 coup against Chavez was backed by rich and powerful interests under U.S. support and that Chavez was brought back to power by the Venezuelan people. Pilger describes the advances in Venezuela’s new social democracy, but he also questions Chavez on why there are still poor people in such an oil-rich country.'] ['Every year, there is a burning season in Indonesia. Areas of rainforest the size of Denmark are cut down and set alight by farmers and corporations to develop palm oil plantations. As well as destroying the habitat of critically endangered orangutans, new scientific evidence shows that deforestation comprises 20% of global carbon emissions, contributing significantly to climate change. A 30-year-old Australian environmental entrepreneur, Dorjee Sun, sets out to find a solution. Using expertise gained during the dot-com boom, Dorjee forms a small carbon-trading firm and signs up three pioneering Indonesian governors to partner in his venture. His idea involves selling the carbon credits represented by large forest areas in Aceh and Papua to big carbon emitters in the West. Despite the scepticism surrounding carbon trading, Dorjee’s quest for a ‘big deal’ takes him from Sydney to New York, Washington DC, San Jose, San Francisco and London. Meanwhile, another burning season is underway. Achmadi, a small-scale Indonesian farmer, sets fire to his newly acquired piece of forest to clear it for palm oil. But he too has to face up to the impact of his burning on the global climate. And in Borneo, Danish-born Lone Drøscher-Nielsen rescues and cares for orangutans injured or orphaned by the fires. As she prepares for the release of rehabilitated orangutans back into the wild, the UN Climate Change Conference in Bali commences. Everything hinges on whether all the countries of the world can agree on the wording of a new climate change protocol and whether protection of forests will be included. As the drama of this historic moment plays out, Dorjee relentlessly pursues his deal. Is he a pioneer or a profiteer? What value does his concept offer to the remaining forests of the world and to the challenges of climate change?.{{cite web}} The film was updated in 2009 with a new ending which included the impacts of the global financial crisis and a meeting with California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. The film had a theatrical release in Australia and a digital release in the USA through FilmBuff. The DVD remains widely used in the education sector across the globe.'] ['On a quest for the perfect partner, an American man chooses a Japanese woman to attempt a 30,000-mile adventure across Africa, in a beach buggy. The film opens in Stockholm, following the life of Tom, a successful Western businessman, who decides to recruit a female companion for the ultimate adventure. The journey begins during a blizzard – forcing the pair to drive, roofless, through a freezing Europe and over snow-covered Alps. In the brutal Sahara desert, the buggy literally falls to pieces, paralleling the growing tribulations of Yoshiko and Tom’s relationship. Tom falls sick in Cairo and has emergency surgery. While recovering, he and Yoshiko argue and decide to give up the trip. Yoshiko and Tom weather the elements and meet the people. With only one another to rely on, they brave everything. From close encounters with lions and elephants to a death defying illegal entry into Sudan, through the joy and the tears and the mind-boggling physical challenges, Yoshiko and Tom keep the camera rolling. The Swedish press closely followed their trip to its conclusion, including the Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet, one of the larger daily newspapers in the Nordic countries,{{cite news}} and others.{{cite news}} It is a film about love and life, about heroic efforts in the face of adversity, and about noble intentions gone awry. Set against the majestic and dramatic landscape of Africa, the film counterpoints uncommon natural beauty with the universal challenges of a developing human relationship.'] ['Cynthia Paniagua, a modern dancer from Queens with Andean heritage, begins taking lessons with Nelida Silva, an immigrant folk dancer also from the Andes.{{Cite web}}{{Cite web}} She travels to Peru to learn more. In 2000, Nelida returns to her native village to host The Patron Saint Festival, and there the two reconnect.'] ['Jake Rademacher states at the beginning of the film that he is setting out to understand the experience, sacrifice, and motivation of his two brothers serving in Iraq. As the film develops, however, it becomes clear that Jake\'s underlying motivation is to prove himself to his brothers, as well as to himself. Jake, who longed to join the military as a youth but was denied entry into West Point , clearly feels the need for acceptance from his serving brothers. The film follows Jake’s experiences as he embeds with his brother Isaac in Iraq as well as other U.S. and Iraqi combat units. Rademacher goes along with reconnaissance troops on the Syrian border and into sniper "hide sites" in the Sunni Triangle. As Rademacher’s brothers return home, the film shows the toll separation and life-threatening work takes on soldiers’ parents, siblings, wives and children.http://www.brothersatwarmovie.com/#/Synopsis'] ["Rodrigues Island, lost in the middle of the Indian Ocean, has something particular: There are more than 500 accordions for 35,000 people. Polkas, mazurkas and waltzes are part of the history and mestization of an island forgotten by all for a very long time. Here, the accordion is not a forgotten instrument, quite the contrary; its sound mixes with African drums so that young and old can dance. With Philippe Imbert's help, a French craftsman, the Rodrigues Accordion Association has set out on a new adventure: Making their own accordion. The first one, the prototype, completely made on the island, is called Bella.<ref namehttp://www.lexpress.mu/services/archive-90183-david-constantin--bella--au-bois-dormant.html | titleL'Express | dateMarch 10, 2012}}"] ['Posing as West German journalists, East German documentary filmmakers Heynowski and Scheumann pay a visit to the notorious Nazi-turned-mercenary Siegfried “Kongo” Müller, pump him with booze, and get him to talk. Müller fought in Congo’s civil war in the 1960s, and the more Pernod he imbibes, the more fascinating this interview becomes. He asserts that blacks are no better than animals and shares his dream of enlisting in the U.S. Army to fight communism in Vietnam and beyond. He flaunts his military paraphernalia, including the Iron Cross he was awarded in Germany in 1945, and proceeds to deny his earlier statements about civil killings, the ethics of war, and the defense of Western libertarian values. This documentary tour-de-force is interspersed with pictures of Müller and his comrades proudly posing with severed skulls, and it touches on other Nazis who are active in Africa as well as American world dominance. -anthology film archives http://anthologyfilmarchives.org/film_screenings/calendar?view07&year=2011#showing-37679'] ["The film begins with a male narrator explaining where Midway Island is and its strategic importance. About five minutes into the film the format changes somewhat, with more leisurely pictures of the GIs at work on the island, and a female voice over. The female voice over takes the personality of a middle aged woman from Springfield, Ohio, who is a mother-type figure pointing out how she recognizes such and such boy from her home town. Then stock footage of the boys' mothers and sisters back home is introduced. Abruptly the narrative turns to the battle itself with approximately five minutes dedicated to the defense of the island, the naval battle, and the aftermath. At the end the various known Japanese losses are shown  and then brushed over with red paint."] ['Zanskar is the last remaining original Tibetan Buddhist society with a continuous untainted lineage dating back thousands of years. In nearby Tibet and Ladakh, in Sikkim, Bhutan, and Nepal, traditional Tibetan Buddhist culture is either dead already or dying. The horror of Chinese government design in Tibet is being matched by the destruction of global economics elsewhere. Zanskar, ringed by high Himalayan mountains in northwest India, one of the most remote places on the planet, has been safe until now. But that’s changing. In 3-5 years a road connecting Padum, the heart of Zanskar, with Leh, the heart of neighboring Ladakh, will be finished. The route which previously took up to two days by car will take only 4-5 hours. As economic growth descends on Zanskar it will bring with it an end to this unbroken Buddhist social tradition. Will the native language, culture, and religious practice be able to survive? The Dalai Lama has instructed two monks from Zanskar’s Stongde Monastery to do everything in their power to insure that it does. The monks are building a school to educate the children from surrounding villages in their own language, culture, history, and religion. Presently, the government school teaches none of those subjects, and is closed most of the year. The nearby private school also doesn’t teach those subjects and is additionally unaffordable for the area’s poor families. At Stongde, along with indigenous traditions, the children will be educated in the best Western curricula. The monks are racing against the clock. While they complete the school they are also placing local children in other schools and monasteries in the city of Manali and beyond. This requires walking over a 17,500 foot pass. On foot. On horseback. Led by yaks... Whatever it takes.'] ['Garbage Dreams follows three teenage boys born into the trash trade and growing up in the world\'s largest garbage village, on the outskirts of Cairo, Egypt. It is the home to 60,000 Zaballeen, also spelled as Zabbaleen, Arabic for "garbage people." Far ahead of any modern "Green" initiatives, the Zaballeen survive by recycling 80 percent of the garbage they collect. When their community is suddenly faced with the globalization of its trade, each of the teenage boys is forced to make choices that will impact his future and the survival of his community.{{cite web}}'] ["Happiness Is is a road trip documentary that explores American's “pursuit of happiness”.{{Cite web}}"] ["At the beginning, there is a scene with a dog pound. At the dog pound, a dog is presumably killed by other dogs through the camera's point of view. At Castellaneta, Italy, there is a statue dedicated to Rudolph Valentino. In the US, Rossano Brazzi has his shirt torn off by his fans. In New Guinea, there is manhunting. Back at the US, bikini-clad girls woo sailors. Back at New Guinea, pigs are slaughtered for a long-waited feast. In Pasadena, California, pet owners mourn their beloved at a pet cemetery. Meanwhile, at Taipei, Taiwan, dogs are butchered and skinned alive for their meat. In Italy, chicks are painted for Easter. In France, geese are force-fed for foie gras. In Sydney, Australia there are the Life Savers Girls. Nuclear contamination takes its toll of animals on Bikini Atoll. Fishermen at the Malaysian village of Raiputh get even with sharks by shoving sea urchins down their throats. On the island of Tiberia, Italy, men in red robes guard the bones of their ancestors. On the Reeperbahn Strasse of Hamburg, Germans drink excessively and act incredibly stupid. Tokyo has a massage parlor for men who were drunk. In Macao, the dead are covered in make-up for the funeral. In Singapore there is a hotel for the dying. Cars are smashed at a junkyard of Los Angeles and reduced to cubes. In Czechoslovakia, Yves Klein makes his paintings with the help of some female models and some musicians to express his favorite color, blue. In Honolulu, tourists are showered with leis and witness the Hula Dance. In Nepal, Gurkha soldiers are humiliated by dressing up in women's clothing and bulls are beheaded for ritualistic purposes. In Portugal, there is the running of the bulls and bull fights where matadors challenge the bulls. At Garoka, New Guinea, there are indigenous tribes who go to church. The film concludes with a cargo cult at Port Moresby, New Guinea."] ["In September 1998, at the end of the Balkan wars, the military of Yugoslavia discovered 37 dead bodies in a concrete canal in western Kosovo. Seven years later, the Prime Minister of Kosovo would be falsely accused of their murder. Haradinaj was a prominent commander in the Kosovo Liberation Army, a freedom fighting guerilla group which fought for independence from Yugoslavia. In 2004, he was elected Prime Minister of Kosovo. Just 100 days into his term, he was indicted by a war crimes tribunal for the alleged massacre in 1998. The film follows the events of the unfolding trial as seen through the eyes of Michael O'Reilly, an Irish lawyer living in Pristina and one of Haradinaj's closest political advisors. O'Reilly assembles a team of international lawyers and investigators determined to rebut what they see as an unjust indictment. Over the course of the trial O'Reilly and his team expose fundamental weaknesses in the prosecution case theory, arguing that the crime scene is not a KLA massacre site, but instead, a fabrication of Serbian war propaganda. Moreover, as the trial draws to a dramatic conclusion, they uncover deeply unsettling truths about the motivation behind the indictment itself. The Trial is an examination of the world of international justice as seen from inside the Haradinaj defence team. It explores how ideals of truth and justice can be corrupted within a legal setting, and asks serious questions about the politicisation of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. Above all, it is the story of a group of people standing against injustice, and fighting for what they believe to be the truth."] ['{{No plot}} This film follows 12 years in the lives of 3 Irish traveller familys  and their bitter feuds and fights. The film explores the reasons why they hold these fights and explores the in-depth secret lives of the familys, which is barely known to outsiders of the travelling community. A gripping tale of passion and respect and blood bonds that will never end.'] 