['The story is about an ostracized teenager, Cliff Evans, who following his parents\' divorce has no friends and becomes a completely withdrawn "cipher". Then on a school bus, he asks to be let off, and collapses and dies in the snow near the roadside. His school\'s math teacher is asked to notify his parents and write the obituary. Though listed as Cliff\'s favorite teacher, he recalls that he hardly knew him. After getting a delegation to go to the funeral - it\'s impossible to find ten people who knew him well enough to go - the teacher resolves never to let this happen to another child in his charge. It is implied that his death was because no one loved him.'] ['The film is set in 1918. Riyo  is a "city girl", who becomes a picture bride to a man who works as a field hand on a sugar cane plantation in Hawaii. The film begins with the death of Riyo\'s father, which leads Riyo\'s aunt to make arrangements for Riyo to become a picture bride. As Riyo prepares to be photographed, her aunt shows her a picture of the handsome Matsuji , her husband-to-be in Hawaii. Not only is the photo intended as introduction, but also as a means of confirming that each has found the right partner when they meet for the first time on the docks. However, when Riyo finally arrives in Honolulu, the man who comes to greet her looks nothing like the man in the photo. Matsuji confesses that the photo he sent was old, taken when he was a young man. Riyo goes through with the wedding , and travels out to the sugar plantation which is her new home. As she walks past the darkened fields to their ramshackle house, Riyo hears a faint sound on the wind of a woman singing. When she asks about it, Matsuji half-jokes that the ghosts of the canefields have come to welcome her. That night, they sleep on the same mat, but Riyo fights off his attempts at sexual intimacy and hides beneath a blanket. The next day, after she is given an ID tag to wear around her neck, Riyo goes to work in the sugar cane fields for the first time. As a city girl, she is unfamiliar with farm work and slows the other workers down,leading her to be harassed and ridiculed by Antone  the Luna . Yayoi  prompts Kana  to help the Riyo learn. Kana is a young picture bride who had arrived several years before. Later, Riyo finds out that Kana\'s husband, Kanzaki  frequently beats her and goes out gambling. To escape the abuse, at night Kana often brings her baby and sleeps in the fields, singing. One night, after an argument with Matsuji, Riyo runs off into the fields and discovers Kana. Riyo gains Kana\'s trust, and agrees to help the other woman with her side business doing laundry for the workers. Riyo begins industriously doing laundry work and saving all her earnings in a tin can, determined to earn her passage back to Japan. Matsuji begins drinking and gambling, saying that he intends to win enough money to get another bride. Kana advises Matsuji to become romantic, and to take Rudolf Valentino as a role model in the task of winning Riyo\'s heart. Antone the luna starts to drive the workers to do more work in order to meet the harvest in time. The women\'s leader, Yayoi, leaves with her family to Honolulu. As she leaves, she asks Kana to take care of the other women caneworkers. In the fields, Kana and the other mothers are constantly worried about their children, who must be left, under a sunshade in the field when the parents are working. Kana tries to stand up against Antone to get the kids moved closer when the workers go to a new field. He threatens to use his whip on the workers, as he had done \'in the old days.\' Preparatory to harvesting, cane fields are set on fire to burn off the leaves. Antone, in a hurry to get the job done, orders the fire to be set before the women can retrieve their children. In the meantime, Kana\'s baby daughter, Kei, has wandered into the fields. Kana rushes into the burning field to find her daughter, and both are lost. The workers talk about waging a strike. Meanwhile, Riyo continues to hear the sound of a woman singing in the canefields. One night, she leaves the house to follow the sound, and Matsuji follows her. He accuses her of having a secret lover and a chase ensues. Then, Riyo admits that her parents had died of tuberculosis, which at that time carried tremendous social stigma. Although Riyo herself was healthy, the matchmaker had lied to Matsuji about his bride-to-be\'s outcast status. That night, when Riyo tentatively reaches out to him as they lie in bed, he brusquely turns away. Betrayed, the next day Riyo gathers her savings and a few belongings and runs away, eventually finding herself at the ocean. Riyo falls asleep there. She is awakened by the sound of singing, and glimpses a woman walking among the shoreline rocks. She runs after the vision, and encounters Kana, who says she is leaving for Japan. When Riyo asks to go with her, Kana criticizes her, not unkindly: "Who waiting for you there?" Then, as Yayoi had done when she left the plantation, Kana hands her neck tag to Riyo and tells her "Take care of the girls." Kana turns to walk toward the sea, fading out of sight. Riyo awakes from her sleep, and finds Kana\'s neck tag in her hand. She returns to the plantation and to her house, where she finds Matsuji drunk. She puts him to bed, and he looks at her, saying "I thought I was all alone again." Later that night, she hesitantly reaches out to touch his hand, and he reaches back; they embrace. The next day, Riyo surprises the other workers when she begins singing in the fields, as had Kana and Yayo. Antone tries to make fun of her, but she continues singing more strongly, and he realizes that she has picked up the mantle of leadership. Matsuji makes a gift to Riyo of a Buddhist altar, so she can honor her parents. She is touched at his acceptance of her past. The film ends as Riyo, Matsuji, and the other workers dance in a circle at a lively Bon Festival. In a closing voiceover , an older Riyo describes how she still imagines at times that she hears a woman\'s voice singing, but then realizes it is the voice of Riyo\'s own daughter as she sings to her children.'] ['1609: Shakespeare is struggling to complete his sonnets while plague rages. He sees the body of a young child and remembers the moment in 1596 when he learned of the illness of his son Hamnet while rehearsing a play in London. Returning to Stratford-upon-Avon he was subjected to abuse from his shrewish wife Anne for neglecting them by living in the capital. His son died, and an embarrassing argument between his father John and Anne disrupted the funeral. John later told him that the family was in financial difficulties. William agreed to pay off the debt, but to do so he had to return to London. 1597: Shakespeare receives a bag of money from Mary Sidney, Countess of Pembroke, for writing the procreation sonnets, to encourage her son, the young William Herbert to marry. He meets the young aristocrat and becomes strangely attracted to him. Herbert says that he will meet Shakespeare again when he comes to London. Disturbed by his attraction to the youth, Shakespeare gets drunk in a brothel run by his friend George Wilkins. Wilkins tempts him with a new dusky-skinned "half caste" called Lucie, just come from France. Shakespeare has sex with her. At a performance of Hamlet, Herbert and his young friends meet up with Shakespeare. They are keen to experience the seedy side of London life, so Shakespeare takes them to Wilkins\' brothel. There they enjoy the pleasures on offer but Herbert is shocked to see Wilkins help some men to beat up one of the girls. Shakespeare tells him to ignore it and that the girl is being punished for giving a client syphilis. Shakespeare becomes increasingly close to Herbert and entranced by him, but discovers that his rival Ben Jonson is now one of Herbert\'s cronies. He also becomes more deeply involved with Lucie. Lucie tells him that she is leaving Wilkins. She now has her own place paid for by another client. She tells him that she likes him best. Later, he visits Herbert\'s house, but is brushed off by a servant. He realises that Herbert is avoiding him. He follows him and discovers that Lucie has become Herbert\'s mistress, and that he pays for her lodging. Embittered, he writes Measure for Measure. He meets Herbert again at a performance of the play. He learns that Lucie has gone back to France. The two part awkwardly. A new outbreak of plague leads to the closure of the theatres. Shakespeare, Richard Burbage and William Kempe discuss the options for their acting troupe. However, Shakespeare starts to notice worrying signs of illness on his body. He returns to Stratford to get a diagnosis from John Hall and is told that he does not have the plague, but he does have syphilis. He writes up his sonnets for publication.'] ['As he is arrested by the Coast Guard on an island in New England, a man born as Ferdinand Waldo Demara but known by many other identities recalls the events that brought him to this point. Demara quit high school as a boy and joined the Army. He wanted to become an officer, but his lack of education worked against it. On a whim, he fakes a set of credentials and becomes a U.S. Marine. When his lie is detected, Demara, facing jail, fakes a suicide and hides out as a Trappist monk. After a while, he is expelled from the monastery, captured and imprisoned in a military brig. But the warden inadvertently confides too many details of his own life to Demara, taking a liking to him. Upon his release, Demara impersonates the warden and lands a job working in a Texas penitentiary, where he takes up with his new warden\'s daughter, Eulalie. Blackmailed by an inmate who recognizes him from the military jail, Demara once again flees. He joins the Royal Canadian Navy, using the forged credentials of a doctor. After falling in love with a RCN Nursing Sister, Catherine Lacey, he goes to Korea to serve aboard HMCS Cayuga. He ends up doing dental work on the ship\'s captain, then performing operations in a Korean hospital. Hailed as a "miracle doctor," Demara gains publicity that exposes his past. The Navy finds out who he really is and intends to hold a court-martial. Nurse Lacey and others vow to testify on Demara\'s behalf, having seen his good side. Worried about possible disrepute to the RCN, and his stellar service, he is allowed to leave under a general discharge. He then goes and becomes a teacher in New England. The FBI eventually comes up with an agent whose assignment is to track down the great impostor and capture him. In the end, the agent is revealed to be Demara himself.'] ['The book and the film tell the story of Private Eddie Slovik, the only American soldier to be executed for desertion since the American Civil War. The film starred Martin Sheen as Private Slovik, a performance for which he received an Emmy Award nomination for Best Lead Actor in a Drama. Sheen said he did not think actors should be compared, and made it clear he would refuse the award. Many critics and viewers consider this to be one of Sheen\'s finest performances. Among the other Emmy Award nominations, the film was named for "Outstanding Special."http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071477/awards'] ["When Cesar Faz  is laid off from his janitorial job with the St. Louis Cardinals he moves back to Monterrey. There he meets local children being led by Padre Esteban  enjoying baseball; he takes pitcher Angel Macias  under his wing and brags about his own pitching skills and how he used to coach the Cardinals. Angel convinces Cesar to help recruit and coach Monterrey's first-ever Little League team. With Cesar's skills and Padre Esteban's support, the boys hone themselves into a competitive team worthy of international competition. When the team arrives in the United States, they are met with racism, a language barrier, and visa troubles. Though the underdogs, the team scores a series of victories that endear them to the media, and new fans. They befriend a sports reporter, Frankie  and the groundskeeper, Cool Papa Bell , who then assist the boys in reaching the final game."] ["The film depicts the historic protest in 1999, as thousands of activists arrive in Seattle, Washington in masses to protest the WTO Ministerial Conference of 1999. The World Trade Organization is considered by protesters to contribute to widening the socioeconomic gap between the rich and the poor while it claims to be fixing it and increasing world hunger, disease and death. The movie takes an in-depth look at several fictional characters during those five days in 1999 as demonstrators protested the meeting of the WTO in Seattle's streets. The movie portrays conflicts between the peaceful protesters and a minority committing property destruction whose actions were widely covered by the media. Although the protest began peacefully with a goal of stopping the WTO talks, police began teargassing the crowd and the situation escalated into a full-scale riot and a State of Emergency that pitted protesters against the Seattle Police Department and the National Guard."] ['The film follows Papashvily from his arrival and initial interview on Ellis Island, through his early jobs on New York\'s bustling Lower East Side. His friend, Nuri , who had arrived in New York earlier and speaks English, leads the way, telling Giorgi that he\'ll help him get an outdoor job with plenty of fresh air. Instead, they find themselves carrying buckets and pouring hot tar on rooftops. Giorgi, who didn\'t speak a word of English when he arrived, works diligently to learn the language, practicing troublesome consonants  in the mirror. He also shares a house with fellow Georgians. Cited by the police with some of his fellow countrymen for picking flowers in Central Park, he refuses to pay the fine because he didn\'t pick the flowers  and it would wrong to admit to a crime he did not commit. Appearing before the Judge on principle, he explains what happened. The Judge, taken by his honesty and obvious character, finds him not guilty after the arresting police officer admits that he didn\'t actually see Giorgi pick any flowers. The Judge shakes Giorgi\'s hand, thanking him for brightening his courtroom. Giorgi has also caught the eye of the pretty court reporter, Helen Watson , who is equally moved by Giorgi\'s simple but eloquent defense. She invites him over to her house because her hobby is recording folk music and she wants Giorgi to identify some music. It turns out that Giorgi has a pretty good voice as well. A fast but proper friendship develops between Helen and Giorgi. Helen has also recorded another musician who turns out to be Georgi\'s "Uncle John"  a friend from the old country and now a chef in New York, who Giorgi has been looking for since his arrival. Giorgi moves into Uncle John\'s house which he shares with a colorful group of fellow Georgian emigres. Giorgi dreams of becoming a U.S. citizen and noticing the hints from Helen , also dreams of marrying her. But he lacks a bit of self-confidence in the area of romance. Meanwhile, a few comic scenes ensue, notably one about an expanding loaf of dough, which Nuri understandably mispronounces as "duff"  There are further scenes of immigrant life. Just when Giorgi is about to reveal his feelings for Helen, at the behest of Uncle John, she announces that she needs to go to California to look after a sick aunt who raised her. She promises to be back shortly. She leaves Giorgi with a plant to take care of for her. Weeks turn into months and Uncle John encourages Giorgi to go out to California. When he hesitates, Uncle John quits his job at the restaurant and announces he is going to California and asks Giorgi if he would like to come. Soon the whole household picks up and decamps to Southern California. There, they connect with a reclusive fellow Georgian. Meanwhile, something appears to have changed with Helen, who has taken a job. Giorgi purchases a house and farm he can\'t afford and becomes an Orange tree farmer. He still hasn\'t asked Helen to marry him. She confesses to her bedridden aunt that she doesn\'t feel a cold chill down her back with Giorgi and doesn\'t want to marry anyone until she is sure. The aunt discourages Helen\'s romanticism, telling her that she can get that chill from a cold shower. A past romance is discussed, which apparently didn\'t end well. A frost comes and threatens to ruin the orange crop. Helen rushes out to the farm and orders everyone to stop standing around and to light fires to keep the crop warm. Giorgi, deeply moved, asks Helen to marry him. She immediately says yes. Nuri and his friends arrive in a car from New York and Giorgi reveals the news. Uncle John becomes ill and a judge gives him a citizenship test and he becomes a citizen, dying shortly thereafter.'] ["In 1970, Nicholas Garrigan  graduates from medical school in Scotland. With dull prospects at home, he decides to seek adventure abroad by working at a Ugandan missionary clinic run by Dr. David Merrit  and his wife, Sarah . Garrigan becomes attracted to Sarah, who enjoys the attention but refuses to engage him in an extramarital affair. Meanwhile, General Idi Amin  overthrows incumbent president Milton Obote in a coup d’état. Garrigan sincerely believes Amin will help the country, while Sarah warns him of dictators that have taken over before. Garrigan is called to a minor car accident involving Amin where he treats his hand. During the incident Garrigan takes a gun and shoots a mortally wounded cow because no one else has the presence of mind to put it out of its misery. Amin is impressed by his quick action and initiative. Amin, fond of Scotland as a symbol of resilience and admiring the Scottish people for their resistance to the English, is delighted to discover Garrigan's nationality and exchanges his military shirt for Garrigan's Scotland shirt. Later, Amin invites Garrigan to become his personal physician and take charge of modernising the country's health care system. Garrigan soon becomes Amin's trusted confidant and is relied on for much more than medical care, such as matters of state. Although Garrigan is aware of violence around Kampala, he accepts Amin's explanation that cracking down on the opposition will bring lasting peace to the country. Garrigan discovers that the polygamous leader has ostracised the youngest of his three wives, Kay , because she has given birth to an epileptic son, Mackenzie . When treating Mackenzie, Garrigan and Kay form a relationship and sleep with each other, but Kay tells him he must find a way to leave Uganda. Eventually, Garrigan begins to lose faith in Amin as he witnesses the increasing paranoia, repressive murders and xenophobia in expelling South Asians from the country. Amin replaces Garrigan's British passport with a Ugandan one to prevent him from escaping which leads Garrigan to frantically seek help from Stone , the local British Foreign Office representative. Garrigan is told the British will help him leave Uganda if he uses his position to assassinate Amin, but Garrigan refuses. Kay informs Garrigan that she has become pregnant with his child. Amin will murder her for infidelity if he discovers this, so she begs Garrigan for a secret abortion. Delayed by Amin's command that he attend a press conference with Western journalists, Garrigan fails to meet Kay at the appointed time. She concludes she has been abandoned and seeks out a primitive abortion in a nearby village, where she is apprehended by Amin's forces. Garrigan finds her savagely mutilated corpse on an autopsy table and falls retching to his knees, finally confronting the palpable inhumanity of Amin's regime and decides killing him will end it all. A hijacked aircraft is flown to Entebbe by pro-Palestinian hijackers seeking asylum from agents of international law. Amin rushes to the scene to help them, taking Garrigan along. At the airport, one of Amin's bodyguards discovers Garrigan's plot to poison Amin, under the ruse of giving him pills for a headache. His treachery revealed, Garrigan is beaten by Amin's henchmen before Amin himself arrives and discloses he is aware of the relationship with Kay. As punishment, Garrigan's chest is pierced with meat hooks and he is hanged by his skin. Amin arranges a plane for the release of non-Israeli passengers, and Garrigan's torturers leave him bleeding on the floor while they relax in another room. Garrigan's medical colleague, Dr. Junju , takes advantage of the opportunity to rescue him. He urges Garrigan to tell the world the truth about Amin's regime, asserting that because Garrigan is white the world will believe him. Junju gives Garrigan his own jacket, enabling him to mingle unnoticed with the crowd of freed hostages and board the plane. When the torturers discover Garrigan's absence, Junju is shot dead while the plane departs with Garrigan on board. Amin is informed too late to prevent it, while Garrigan tearfully remembers the people of Uganda. The epilogue shows real footage of Amin, as well as figures such as the 300,000 that died under his regime, and tells of his eventual 2003 death while in exile in Saudi Arabia."] ["This movie tells the story of one college student and his trials and tribulations as he pledges the Gamma Nu Pi Fraternity at a fictional Eastern school. Originally this film was Charles Gary Allison's thesis while he was a film student at USC. It was then picked up and distributed by Paramount."] ['In 1969, Dr. Malcolm Sayer  is a dedicated and caring physician at a local hospital in the New York City borough of The Bronx. After working extensively with the catatonic patients who survived the 1917-1928 epidemic of encephalitis lethargica, Sayer discovers certain stimuli will reach beyond the patients\' respective catatonic states; actions such as catching a ball thrown at them, hearing familiar music, and experiencing human touch all have unique effects on particular patients and offer a glimpse into their worlds. Leonard Lowe  proves elusive in this regard, but Sayer soon discovers that Leonard is able to communicate with him by using a Ouija board. After attending a lecture at a conference on the subject of the L-Dopa drug and its success with patients suffering from Parkinson\'s Disease, Sayer believes the drug may offer a breakthrough for his own group of patients. A trial run with Leonard Lowe yields astounding results as Leonard completely "awakens" from his catatonic state; this success inspires Sayer to ask for funding from donors so that all the catatonic patients can receive the L-Dopa medication and experience "awakenings" back to reality. Meanwhile, Leonard is adjusting to his new life and becomes romantically interested in Paula , the daughter of another hospital patient and begins spending time with her when she comes to the hospital to visit her father. Leonard also begins to chafe at the restrictions placed upon him as a patient of the hospital, desiring the freedom to come and go as he pleases and stirs up a bit of a revolt in the process of arguing his case repeatedly to Sayer and the hospital administration. Sayer notices that as Leonard grows more agitated battling administrators and staff about his perceived confinement, a number of facial and body tics are starting to manifest and Leonard has difficulty controlling them. While Sayer and the hospital staff continue to delight in the success of L-Dopa with this group of patients, they soon find that it is a temporary measure. As the first to "awaken", Leonard is also the first to demonstrate the limited duration of this period of "awakening". Leonard\'s tics grow more and more prominent and he starts to shuffle more as he walks, and all of the patients are forced to witness what will eventually happen to them. He soon begins to suffer full body spasms and can hardly move. Leonard, however, puts up well with the pain, and asks Sayer to film him, in hopes that he would some day contribute to research that may eventually help others. Leonard acknowledges sadly what is happening to him and has a last lunch with Paula where he tells her he cannot see her anymore. When he is about to leave, Paula dances with him, and for this short period of time his spasms disappear. Leonard and Dr. Sayer reconcile their differences, but Leonard returns to his catatonic state soon after. The other patients\' fears are similarly realized as each eventually returns to catatonia no matter how much their L-Dopa dosages are increased. Sayer tells a group of grant donors to the hospital that although the "awakening" did not last, another kind — one of learning to appreciate and live life — took place. For example, he himself, who has always been lonely, decides to go on a date with one of the nurses. The nurses now treat the catatonic patients once again with more respect and care, and Paula is shown visiting Leonard. The film ends with Sayer standing over Leonard behind a Ouija board, with his hands on Leonard\'s hands which man the planchette. "Let\'s begin," Sayer says.'] ['{{Plot}}  The film begins with a depiction of the events of the 1972 Munich Olympics. After the killings, the Israeli government devises an eye for an eye retaliation; and a target list of 11 names is drawn up. Avner Kaufman , an Israeli-born Mossad agent of German-Jewish descent, is chosen to lead the assassination squad and is given the assignment over tea at the home of Prime Minister of Israel Golda Meir. To give the Israeli government plausible deniability and, at the direction of his handler Ephraim , Avner resigns from Mossad; and the squad operates with no official ties to Israel. Avner is given a team of four Jewish men: Steve , a South African driver; Hans , a document forger; Robert , a Belgian toy-maker trained in defusing explosives; and Carl , a former Israeli soldier who "cleans up" after the assassinations. Avner and his team set about tracking down the 11 targets with the help of a shadowy French informant, Louis . In Rome, the group tracks down their first target, Abdel Wael Zwaiter, who is broke and living as a poet. The group follows him to his apartment building, and Avner and Robert shoot him dead. In Paris, Robert pretends to be a journalist interviewing their second target, Mahmoud Hamshari, about the Munich massacre. He plants a bomb in Hamshari\'s phone that is set to be detonated by a remote key. Carl is to dial Hamshari\'s number from a public telephone booth after Hamshari\'s wife and daughter have left. However, while a large truck obscures their view, the daughter runs back inside to retrieve something. Carl calls the number, and the girl picks up; but Avner aborts the mission before Robert, who cannot see what is going on, triggers the explosion. When the girl leaves, Carl telephones the number, asks the man who answers if he\'s Hamshari; and, upon affirmation of name, Robert detonates the bomb. In Cyprus, the team kills the next target, Hussein Al Bashir , by planting a bomb in his hotel room beneath his bed. Avner gets a room next to Al Bashir and turns off his bedroom light, the signal to proceed. When Robert detonates the bomb, the explosives almost kill Avner and injures a newlywed couple next door. The group meet later aboard a boat in the Cyprus harbour to discuss the errors in the mission. Robert insists that the explosives he used were far more powerful than what he expected. It is revealed at this juncture that Louis provided the explosives and that he is also helping with the logistics of the hits through Avner. Avner then meets with Louis in Paris and he gives the team information on three Palestinians in Beirut: Muhammad Youssef al-Najjar ; Kamal Adwan; and Kamal Nasser, a Palestine Liberation Organization  spokesman. Ephraim refuses to let them handle the mission themselves. Avner insists that he will lose Louis\' trust if the operation is carried out by the Israel Defense Forces . Ephraim relents, allowing the team to accompany the IDF commandos. In Beirut, Steve, Robert, and Avner meet up with a group of Sayeret Matkal IDF soldiers. They penetrate the Palestinians\' guarded compound and kill all three. In Athens, Louis has provided the team with an apartment. During the night, four PLO members, who have rented the same apartment as a safe house, enter the dwelling. After a tense confrontation with guns drawn, Robert defuses the situation by claiming that his squad are members of the Basque separatist Euskadi Ta Askatasuna , Red Army Faction , and the African National Congress . Avner discusses Middle East politics with the group\'s leader. Avner\'s group carries out their next assassination, that of Zaiad Muchasi, by installing a remote-controlled bomb in Muchasi\'s TV set. However, the bomb does not detonate. Hans walks into the hotel, forces his way and throws a grenade that sets off the bomb, killing Muchasi. The squad exchanges gunfire with Muchasi\'s bodyguards. In the chaos, they are forced to take the hotel manager hostage; and Robert reveals that he doesn\'t actually build bombs, but just defuses them. Louis provides the squad with information on Ali Hassan Salameh, the organizer of the Munich Massacre. Avner learns from Louis that the CIA have a deal with Salameh wherein they protect and fund him in exchange for his promise not to attack US diplomats. The squad moves to London to track down Salameh, but they are not able to accomplish the assassination when Avner is suddenly approached by several drunken Americans. It is implied the said Americans are actually CIA agents. Avner is propositioned by a woman  in the hotel but declines. Afterward, Carl is killed by the same woman, who Avner learns is an independent Dutch contract killer. Robert questions the morality of the entire mission; Avner listens to him and asks him to take a break. The remaining squad tracks the Dutch assassin to the Netherlands and kills her without a glitch. Afterwards Avner, Steve and Hans discuss the futility of the mission. Later, Hans is found stabbed to death and left on a park bench while Robert is killed in an explosion in his workshop. Avner and Steve finally locate Salameh in Spain; however, their assassination attempt is thwarted by Salameh\'s guards. A disillusioned Avner flies to Israel and then to his new home in New York City to reunite with his wife and their child. In a fit of paranoia, he storms into the Israeli consulate and screams at an employee whom he believes to be a Mossad agent to leave him and his family alone. Ephraim comes to New York to urge Avner to rejoin Mossad. In the final scene, Avner openly questions the basis and effectiveness of the operation, and Ephraim admits that there was no evidence linking any of the targets to the Munich massacre. In a show of respect, Avner asks Ephraim to break bread with him, but because he has refused to return to Israel, Ephraim rejects him and leaves. Avner leaves as well. During the last scene, the camera pans across the New York City skyline and stops with the Twin Towers in the center of the scene. A postscript notes that 9 of the 11 men targeted by Mossad were eventually assassinated, including Salameh in 1979.'] ["On his wedding night in 1953, an errant champagne cork renders college engineering professor Robert Kearns  almost completely blind in his left eye. A decade later, he is happily married to Phyllis  and the father of six children. As he drives his Ford Galaxie through a light rain, the constant movement of the windshield wipers irritates his troubled vision. The incident inspires him to create a wiper blade mechanism modeled on the human eye, which blinks every few seconds rather than continuously. With financial support from Gil Previck , Kearns converts his basement into a laboratory and develops a prototype he tests in a fish tank before installing it in his car. He patents his invention and demonstrates it for Ford researchers, who had been working on a similar project without success. Kearns refuses to explain how his mechanism works until he hammers out a favorable deal with the corporation. Impressed with Kearns' results, executive Macklin Tyler  asks him to prepare a business plan detailing the cost of the individual units, which Robert intends to manufacture himself. Considering this to be sufficient commitment from the company, he rents a warehouse he plans to use as a factory and forges ahead. He presents Ford with the pricing information it requested along with a sample unit, then waits for their response. Time passes, and when nobody contacts Robert, he begins placing phone calls that are never returned. Frustrated, Kearns attends a Ford dealers convention at which the latest model of the Mustang is unveiled, promoting the intermittent wiper as a selling point. Realizing the company has used his idea without giving him credit or payment for it, Robert begins his descent into a despair so deep he boards a Greyhound bus and heads for Washington, D.C., where he apparently hopes to find legal recourse. Instead, Maryland state troopers remove him from the bus and escort him to a mental hospital, where he is treated for a nervous breakdown. Finally released when doctors decide his obsession has subsided, he returns home a broken man, determined to receive public acknowledgement for his accomplishment. Thus begins years of legal battles, during which time his wife leaves him and he becomes estranged from his children. At trial, Kearns represents himself after attorney Gregory Lawson  withdraws from the case, because Robert refuses to settle. Eventually his ex-wife and offspring support him in his endeavor. Toward the end of the trial, Ford offers Kearns a $30 million settlement, but with no admission of wrongdoing. He decides to leave his fate in the hands of the jury, who determine that Ford infringed his patents, but that the infringement was not deliberate. The jury awards him $10.1 million. The closing credits indicate that Robert later wins an $18.7 million judgement from Chrysler Corporation as well."] ["Tensions between the Hutu and Tutsi peoples lead to a war in Rwanda, where corruption and bribes between politicians are routine. Paul Rusesabagina , the manager of the Sabena owned Hôtel des Mille Collines, is Hutu, but his wife Tatiana , is Tutsi. His marriage is a source of friction with Hutu extremists, most prominently Georges Rutaganda , a friendly goods supplier to the hotel who is also the local leader of Interahamwe, a brutal anti-Tutsi militia. The UN Peacekeeping forces, led by Canadian Colonel Oliver , are unable to take assertive action against the Interahamwe since they are forbidden to intervene in the genocide. The foreign nationals are evacuated, but the Rwandans are left behind. When the UN forces attempt to evacuate a group of refugees, including Paul's family, they are ambushed and must turn back. In a last-ditch effort to save the refugees, Paul pleads with the Rwandan Army General, Augustin Bizimungu  for assistance. However, when Paul's bribes no longer work, he blackmails the General with threats of being tried as a war criminal. Soon after, the family and the hotel refugees are finally able to leave the besieged hotel in a UN convoy. They travel through retreating masses of refugees and militia to reach safety behind Tutsi rebel lines."] ['The film begins as Alice Paul  and Lucy Burns  return from England, where they participated in the women\'s suffrage movement. Once the pair becomes more active within the National American Woman Suffrage Association , they begin to understand that their ideas were much too forceful for the established activists, particularly Carrie Chapman Catt . The pair leave NAWSA and found the National Women\'s Party , a better way to fight for women\'s rights. Over time, problems occur as NAWSA leaders criticize NWP tactics, such as protesting against a wartime President Woodrow Wilson and picketing outside the White House with "Silent Sentinels." Male supremacists famously  label the women "iron-jawed angels." Relations between the American government and the NWP protesters also intensify, as many women are arrested for their actions, though the official charge is "obstructing traffic." The women are sent to the Occoquan Workhouse for 60-day terms where they suffer under unsanitary and inhumane conditions. During this time, Paul and other women undertake a hunger strike, during which paid guards force-feed them milk and raw eggs. News of their treatment leaks to the media through the husband of one of the imprisoned women, a U.S. Senator, who has been able to lobby for a visit  by putting a letter in his shirt. Pressure is put on President Wilson as the NAWSA seizes the opportunity to try for the nineteenth amendment to the Constitution. Paul, Burns and all of the other women were all pardoned by President Wilson.'] ["Kansas farmer Yates Martin  uproots his uncomplaining wife Sarah  and baby son to 1876 Colorado in search of gold. He buys a claim, then immediately abandons it when two prospectors tell him of a strike in Leadville. Taking Sarah's prudent advice, he sets up a store there. To her dismay, however, he stakes miners in return for partnerships in their diggings. Just as the Martins run out of money and decide to return to Kansas, prospectors Rische and Hook show up with the news that they have struck it rich, not with gold but with silver, and Yates has a third share of it. Yates spends his new-found riches with great abandon, purchasing, among other things, a claim from a seemingly downtrodden miner for $50,000, over his suspicious wife's objections. He is asked to run for Lieutenant Governor of Colorado. When his foreman informs him that the claim he bought is worthless, Yates tells him to keep on digging, at least until the election is over, so that he will not look like a fool. As it turns out, not only does he win the election, the claim yields a lode even richer than his first. Yates decides to build Denver an opulent opera house. As he is inspecting its construction, he meets the alluring Lily Owens , who becomes his mistress. At the grand opening of the opera house, Yates' guest of honor is none other than General Ulysses S. Grant. Yates sets his sights higher, using his money to take the vacated seat of a U.S. senator. He divorces a heartbroken Sarah and marries Lily in Washington, DC, with the president as a wedding guest. However, when the president decides to put the country on the gold standard, the price of silver plummets, and Yates loses everything except the Matchless mine, which is not worth working at the current price. He declines Sarah's offer of money. A friend obtains the post of postmaster of Denver for him, but Yates collapses and dies penniless."] ['Denver housewife and mother Penny Chenery  agrees to take over her ailing father’s Virginia-based Meadow Stables, despite her lack of horse racing knowledge. With the help of veteran trainer Lucien Laurin , Chenery manages to navigate the male-dominated business, ultimately fostering the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years and one of the greatest racehorses of all time. The film begins with Penny learning of her mother\'s death and returning to her childhood home. She reunites with Mrs. Ham, her father\'s secretary, and comforts her confused and elderly father. At her mother\'s funeral, Penny meets Arthur "Bull" Hancock and his son, Seth Hancock, of Claiborne Farm in Kentucky. The Hancocks offer to Penny any help she may need during her efforts to bring Meadow Stables back to profitability. Penny\'s brother Hollis informs her of a bad and dishonest sale that was about to be made by the trainer until their mother stopped him. Penny fires the trainer and asks Bull Hancock to help her find a new trainer. He recommends Lucien Laurin, an aging French Canadian, who initially turns down Penny\'s offer. Penny\'s father had made a deal with leading owner Ogden Phipps that if Phipps would breed his best stallion  with Chenerey\'s two best mares  that when the mares were close to term they would flip a coin to see who got which foal. Bold Ruler, the stallion, was fast but couldn\'t last over distances. Hasty Matilda was the obvious choice due to her young age, but Somethingroyal\'s bloodline was made up of many horses with good stamina. Penny hopes to win and choose Somethingroyal\'s foal due to the interesting mix of speed and stamina. Phipps picks Hasty Matilda and Penny wins Somethingroyal\'s foal, Secretariat. When Big Red  enters his first race at Aqueduct race track in Queens, New York, everyone has high expectations. The jockey, Paul , is very young with little experience which worries Penny but Lucien reassures her and says they will do fine. During the race, Red repeatedly is hit. First when he comes out of the gate, and repeatedly in the pack and on the rail. Red comes in 4th due to running like he was afraid of the other horses due to their hitting. Penny and Lucien fight and Lucien blames Paul for the loss. Penny realizes the only way Red could ever win is if he had an experienced jockey. Penny\'s flight back home is canceled on the day of the race and she misses her daughter Kate\'s solo in the play. Her son holds up the pay phone so Penny can hear her sing. The scene closes with Penny covering part of the phone and crying over missing important parts of her children\'s lives. Penny gets experienced jockey Ron Turcotte to ride Red who leads him to many victories. Secretariat is named horse of the year after a successful two-year-old year, but all the colts of Bold Ruler can\'t handle the distances that three-year-olds run. Penny\'s father suffers a stroke and dies, leaving Penny and her brother Hollis to inherit the estate. Penny needs six million dollars to pay estate taxes, but refuses to sell Secretariat. Instead she syndicates Red, selling 32 shares worth more than six million dollars, as long as he can win a three year old distance race. She tries to sell a share to Ogden Phipps, who instead offers to buy Red for eight million dollars. Penny refuses to sell him. When Phipps demands to know why, she tells him Red\'s value will triple when he wins the Triple Crown – a feat no horse has accomplished in twenty-five years. During this time Frank "Pancho" Martin, trainer of rival horse Sham, provokes a match race with Red. Red is taken to the Wood Memorial three weeks before the first of the Triple Crown races to take on Sham and attempt to earn Penny her syndication money. Ronnie notices that Red\'s breathing is heavy and he refuses to eat, and is reluctant to allow the bit into his mouth. Red loses the race, after which it\'s discovered he has an abscess which may have caused the loss. Red recovers and wins the Derby and Preakness in record time, then wins the Belmont by 31 lengths  to secure the Triple Crown.'] [' The film opens on the morning of September 11, 2001. United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is hosting a breakfast for a number of members of the United States Congress. The purpose of the breakfast was to procure an increase to the defense budget, with Rumsfeld claiming they will soon need the money as something big is likely to occur soon given the rise of Islamic Extremism against the United States. While the aircraft have been crashed into the World Trade Center, President Bush is at Emma E. Booker Elementary school in Florida. White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card informs Bush that "a second plane has hit the second tower, America is under attack!". After 8 - 11 Minutes President Bush prepares to leave the school, he interrupts a reporters question so as to not alarm to school children as to the events unfolding in New York City.  President Bush orders Rumsfeld to take the nation to Defcon 3 and put the military in high alert. He discusses the situation with Vice President Cheney and order the grounding of all Civil aviation. He leaves Florida on Air Force One headed for Washington DC. While in the air, Naval Intelligence uncovers a credible threat against "Angel" . The President escort Fighter wing is notified to be on the highest possible alert status. The United States Secret Service is evacuating all non-essential personnel, While Cabinet members are escorted to the Presidential Emergency Operations Center. Vice-President Cheney and National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice are informed that there is an unresponsive aircraft headed for Camp David. Cheney orders the fighters to attempt contact, however if the plane doesn\'t respond or turn around it is to be shot down. The plane disappears off radar with Cheney assuming he has ordered the deaths if 200 or more US Citizens. President Bush is apprised of the situation and is told reports from the FAA are suggesting that the Air Force didn\'t shoot down the plane but a group of passengers learned of the event in New York and took matters into their own hands. President Bush wants to be back in Washington DC, and after conferencing with the DCI and other members of his cabinet, he orders the Secret Service to fly him home immediately. President Bush arrives at the White House that evening and addresses the nation, informing them that they are now in a war on terror. Over the next hours and days, Bush meets countless times with his cabinet to determine an appropriate response, which ultimately lead to his declaration of "if you\'re not with us, you\'re against us" and the wars in both Afghanistan and Iraq.'] ['Besides the name of the heroine and her freight riding, very little of the film bears any resemblance to the original story written in Sister of the Road. The film tells the story of Bertha Thompson  and "Big" Bill Shelly , two train robbers and lovers who are caught up in the plight of railroad workers in the American South. When Bertha is implicated in the murder of a wealthy gambler, the pair become fugitives from justice. While this story adheres to certain conventions of exploitation narrative, it also offers a surprisingly frank look at race and gender issues in the 1930s.'] ['Set in the early 17th century, a New England Patuxet is captured by English settlers. He is then returned to England but escapes with a group of men that sell him back to New England, along with Epenow, a Nauset from Martha\'s Vineyard who soon becomes a friend. When in Massachusetts it seems the English and Squanto\'s followers have an argument, leading to the crew being massacred at night. He then finds his village sacked and destroyed and thus meeting the pilgrims at Plymouth Rock, he stops a war from breaking out between them and another Native American group. In Europe, Squanto and Epenow are savages. These are the well-dressed Englishmen, headed by Sir George, the repugnant nobleman who owns the ship and pursues in a ridicule and persecution of the two "creatures" brought back. As a welcome, Squanto gets thrown in a ring with a giant bear. Their battle becomes a spectacle for the English. Using his superior athleticism, Squanto is able to escape, and he rows off on a boat. When he\'s discovered, he\'s lying unconscious on a rocky shore, and his finders are a trio of monks who had been fishing. Squanto is taken into their monastery, in spite of the reluctancy of head Brother Paul. The monk who offers the most open arms, Brother Daniel, becomes a mentor and friend to Squanto. From Brother Daniel, Squanto learns English, and at the same time, he imparts some knowledge about his world to his new housemates, introducing them to mocassins and popcorn. Brother Paul remains skeptical of \'the pagan\' and in any possibility of a "New World". Meanwhile, Sir George firmly believes that Squanto belongs to the Plymouth printing company, and he has men on the hunt. In another cinematic sequence, Squanto pulls off an improbable escape to accompany Epenow and the crew setting sail back to America. What Squanto returns to devastates him. His tribe has been entirely killed off by illness that the Europeans brought. Epenow wishes to turn violent against the English who mistreated them. The Englishmen and Nauset tribe are ready to do battle, but Squanto manages to settle things peacefully. The last scenes of the film portray the first Thanksgiving celebration.'] ['In the 11th century three men flee an Italian city and make their way to Palestine take part in the First Crusade .'] ['The peace of Skokie, a comfortable Chicago suburb, is threatened when Frank Collin , a politically astute neo-Nazi organizer, selects the place as the site of his next rally. Close to 40 percent of the town’s population is Jewish, and many of them are survivors of the Holocaust. They see the march as a warning and reminder of their days as concentration camp prisoners. The Jewish community decides to stand against the rally at all cost to make sure that the Holocaust will never be forgotten or allowed to happen again. Moderate leaders Bert Silverman  and Abbot Rosen  advise the Jewish community to ignore the neo-Nazis; the strategy they put forward is “quarantine”, isolating the meeting by totally ignoring the neo-Nazi presence and refusing to be provoked. The logic is simple: if the Jewish community refuses to acknowledge the rally and thus refuses to feed the media any publicity, the meeting will be futile and eventually forgotten. However, one citizen challenges their argument. A Holocaust survivor, Max Feldman , says that he was told to ignore the Nazis nearly 40 years ago in Germany, and before he knew it he was in a concentration camp. He says this time he will take action, and he is ready to shed blood if necessary. Led by this de facto spokesman, most members of the community agree to protest. The film spans a year and a half of legal battles and explores the meaning of freedom and First Amendment in the United States of America.'] ["Based upon documentation of forced confessions made during the Khmer Rouge era in Cambodia, and recovered during the 1980s, Bophana: A Cambodian Tragedy reconstructs the relationship of a young woman, Hout Bophana, and Ly Sitha, a former Buddhist monk turned Khmer Rouge cadre. Bophana and Sitha met before the fall of Phnom Penh. Sitha, disgusted by the corruption of the Lon Nol regime, joined the Communist Khmer Rouge resistance, and the couple was separated. After Phnom Penh's residents were forced to leave by the Khmer Rouge, Bophana and Sitha were reunited, only to both be caught up in the genocidal regime's purges, in which they were arrested and taken to S21 prison, where they were tortured and forced to make confessions before they were both executed in 1976."] ["Kerry Ellison  has a good job at an office of the Internal Revenue Service. She is happy. All goes well, until Jack Gilcrest  develops an interest in her. He starts stalking her--following her, and writing her sexually tense notes. Kerry makes it clear multiple times that she is not interested in him. Even when Kerry is transferred to another division, Jack's stalking does not diminish. He returns and threatens Kerry so much, she begins to get anxiety attacks. Kerry's bosses dismiss Jack's obsession as harmless, and her labor union refuses to deal with the problem. Kerry files a sexual harassment suit against her employers, who subsequently put her through hell."] ["Ken Carter  takes the job as coach of the Richmond Oilers basketball team at his old school Richmond High School, having been on the team himself and earned unbeaten records. Taking over from Coach White , Carter learns the team members are rude and disrespectful. He gives the team individual contracts, instructing them to attend all of their classes and maintain a grade average of 2.3 . Carter also asks the school staff for progress reports on the players' attendance. However, three players including Timo Cruz  refuse to follow the contract and quit the team. Nonetheless, Carter coaches the team well and allows them to win their first victory whilst playing properly. Carter's son Damien  joins the team, after quitting the private school St. Francis to play for his father. Teammate Kenyon Stone ([[Rob Brown  struggles to come to terms with his girlfriend Kyra ([[Ashanti 's being pregnant and eventually splits up with her, unsure if he could juggle basketball, aspiring for college and being a parent. Their relationship is explored over the course of the film. Cruz attempts to rejoin the basketball team after watching them at their last game, but Carter refuses to let him back in. Cruz has to do 1000 suicides and 2500 pushups to earn Carter's approval, aided by his teammates, eventually succeeding and is allowed back on the team. Carter continues to educate the teammates, teaching them respect for other players. The team eventually wins a holiday season basketball tournament, and are invited to a suburb mansion by a fan to party. Carter finds out, crashing the party with the mansion's owners. The enraged Carter returns to his office and finds the progress reports reveal the teammates have been skipping classes. Carter initiates a lockdown on the gym, banning the team from playing until they improve their grades. This angers the locals, and Carter is verbally and physically abused by numerous people. Cruz quits the team again, hanging out with his drug-dealing cousin Renny , only to witness his cousin getting gunned down and killed. Cruz goes to Carter in tears and is allowed back on the team. The school board eventually confronts Carter, who justifies his actions, explaining he wants to give his team the opportunity and option for further education so they do not resort to crime. The board, save Principal Garrison  and the chairman, votes to end the lockout, much to Carter's regret. Carter quits his job, but finds the team studying in the gym, unwilling to play basketball. Cruz reveals to Carter his deepest fear , is being unable to fulfill his true potential; he expresses this by quoting Marianne Williamson. Eventually the players improve their grades and are allowed to play basketball again. Kenyon invites Kyra to accompany him to his college scholarship, explaining that he had told the college of her pregnancy and that the college wanted to support them both; Kyra then conveys that she had an abortion. The team plays in the high school playoffs, learning their first opponent is St. Francis. The team ultimately loses, but is proud about what they have achieved. The ending reveals six of the players - including Damien, Cruz and Kenyon - going to college."] ['This film follows the life of basketball legend Eric "Hank" Gathers, from his growing up in the ghettos of Philadelphia to his freshman year at USC through his brief career playing basketball for Loyola Marymount University, where he collapsed during a game and died of a heart ailment.'] ['The police are called to investigate the death of a woman during a riot in the walled city of Delhi.Overview New York Times. She was killed by a stone thrown by an agitated mob. The woman killed is known in the community as "Sardari Begum" , a popular singer and courtesan. The religious nature of the incident and the impending elections combine to attract the media\'s attention. When a young reporter covering the funeral, Tehzeeb Abbasi , discovers her father among the mourners, her curiosity prompts her to investigate further. Then comes the revelation that the singer was in fact her aunt, who was disowned by her family for rebelliously learning music from a concubine.'] ['A Kentucky woman whose mine-worker husband is nearly killed in a cave-in, and whose father is slowly dying of black lung, joins the picket lines for a long, violent strike.'] ["The picture opens with the District Attorney , listening to voices from a recording in the black box retrieved from an air disaster. The docudrama then tells the story of director Enrique Piñeyro, who plays himself as T, a principled pilot at LAPA, an Argentine airline, upset over his company's disregard of basic safety regulations in order to save money. When T complains, he is labeled a troublemaker by the airline company. Soon he's chastised by his fellow pilots. When things get worse he walks out of the cockpit after multiple navigational instruments are inoperative and refuses to fly. The company simply replaces him and gets another pilot to fly. Increasingly frustrated and worried about a crash, T finally writes an angry letter to his superiors, warning that a crash is inevitable if action is not taken. The letter is leaked to the media, and the airline is sold, but the new owners want Pineyro to retract his statement. Complicating matters, their public relations person is Marcela , a love interest from his youth. Even though Marcela is married, T pursues her. T's story is inter-cut with the District Attorney who is looking into the LAPA flight 3142 crash, and starts receiving death threats. Yanelli's character manages to bring the company’s chief executives and the Argentine Air Force authorities before a criminal court, establishing a unique precedent in commercial aviation history."] ["Paul Julius Reuter  starts a messenger service using homing pigeons to fill a gap in the telegraph network spanning Europe, but has difficulty convincing anyone to subscribe. When poison is sent to a hospital by mistake, Reuter's message saves the day . However, he is persuaded by Ida Magnus , the pretty daughter of Dr. Magnus , to keep it quiet, as a scandal would undo all the good work the doctors are doing. Finally though, Reuter is finally able to convince bankers that he can provide them with financial information much more quickly than by any other means. He is particularly pleased and surprised by how reliable his lifelong, lackadaisical friend Max Wagner  has become at the Brussels office, until his associate Franz Geller  informs him that Ida had, while there on a visit, taken over and run the place. Reuter sends a message by pigeon, asking her to marry him. She sends one back with her assent. When the telegraph network finally fills the gap Reuter's business had been exploiting, he realizes that he can use the employees he has in place all over Europe to gather the news and sell it to the newspapers. Once again, he encounters resistance, particularly from John Delane , influential editor of The Times, but overcomes it by persuading Louis Napoleon III  to allow him to disseminate the text of an extremely important speech at the same time as it is being presented. Later, a rival company appears; Anglo Irish secretly builds a telegraph line in Ireland that gives it a two hour lead in getting news from ships coming from America. Reuter borrows money from his client and good friend, Sir Randolph Persham , and builds his own line, one that extends further west and gets the news even quicker. Its first use is to announce the assassination of President Lincoln. As nobody knows about Reuter's new telegraph line, he is accused of making the tragedy up in order to manipulate the stock market; even Sir Randolph believes the rumors at first. The matter is brought up in the British Parliament, but Reuter is vindicated when slower services confirm his story."] ['Barry is a private with the 101st Airborne Division of the United States Army, stationed at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. Calpernia works as a showgirl at a transgender revue in Nashville, Tennessee when the two met in 1999. Barry\'s roommate Justin Fisher  brings Barry to the club where she performs. When Barry and Calpernia begin seeing each other regularly, Fisher begins spreading rumors on base about their relationship, which appeared to be a violation of the military\'s "don\'t ask, don\'t tell" policy about discussing the sexual orientation of military personnel. Barry faces increasing harassment and pressure, which explode into violence over Fourth of July weekend. While Calpernia performs in a pageant in Nashville, Barry is beaten to death in his sleep with a baseball bat by Calvin Glover, who had been goaded by Fisher into committing the crime. The film ends with a discussion of the aftermath.'] ["On November 5, 1975 in Snowflake, Arizona, logger Travis Walton , and his co-workers—Mike Rogers , Allan Dallis , David Whitlock , Greg Hayes  and Bobby Cogdill —head to work in the White Mountains. Coming home from work, the men come across an unidentified flying object on their drive home. Curious to learn more, Walton gets out of their truck and is struck by a beam of light from the object. Fearing Walton was just killed, the others flee the scene. Rogers decides to go back to the spot to retrieve Walton, but he is nowhere to be found. Making their way back to town to report the incident, the loggers are met with skepticism, as they relate what sounds like a tall tale to Sheriff Blake Davis  and Lieutenant Frank Watters . They are suspected of foul play despite no apparent motive or knowledge of Walton's whereabouts. After interviewing the men, Lieutenant Watters realizes there is a lot of tension between Walton and Dallis, leading him to believe this might be a murder investigation. The Lieutenant also discovers a tabloid newspaper in their truck with headlines about aliens, hinting that they used the article to concoct their story. The men are accused of murder and are threatened by Travis's brother Dan Walton ([[Scott MacDonald . The men are offered a lie detector test and take it. Dallis' test is inconclusive. After the testing is complete, Rogers is outraged to know that the results aren't shared. Five days later, Rogers receives a call from someone claiming to be Walton. He is found at a gas station, alive but naked, dehydrated and incoherent. A Ufologist questions Walton but he is thrown out and Walton is taken to a hospital. Rogers visits Walton while in the emergency room, and blames the whole incident on Walton for getting out of the truck. During a welcome home party, Walton suffers a flashback of the abduction by the extraterrestrials. In his hallucination, Walton wakes up in a cocoon. He attempts to escape but has to deal with a weightless environment. After they discover him wandering around, the aliens drag Walton to an exam room for experimentation. Stripping him to his underwear and covering him with a rubber sheet, which pins him to an examination table, the aliens subject him to an extremely painful examination in which he is forced to endure a probe through his eye. While interviewing Walton, Lieutenant Watters expresses his doubts about the abduction as merely a hoax. He notes Walton's new found celebrity because of the tabloids' attempts to profit from his tale. The film culminates with a denouement between Walton and Rogers. The closing titles state that in 1993, the loggers were resubmitted to additional polygraph examinations which they passed, corroborating their innocence."] ["Based on the true story, Bed of Lies tells the story of Vicky Moore , a low born Texas waitress, marries Marion Price Daniel Jr., the son of Texas governor Marion Price Daniel, Sr., thinking she is going to live happily ever after. She realizes that her husband is an alcoholic, drug addict, and abusive husband which eventually leads to her husband's shooting death. She is accused of murder and fights for custody of her children."] ['The film dramatises events leading up to the 1857 trial of an otherwise respectable young woman, Madeleine Smith, , for the murder of her draper\'s assistant lover, Emile L\'Angelier . The trial produced the uniquely Scottish verdict of "not proven", which left Madeleine a free woman. The film begins with the purchase of a house in Glasgow by a wealthy middle class Victorian family. Their eldest daughter, Madeleine, chooses to have for her own the bedroom in the basement. Here she will have easy access to the servants\' entrance, and will be able to entertain her lover, Frenchman Emile L\'Angelier, without the knowledge of her family. The relationship continues, and the couple become secretly engaged, but L\'Angelier begins to press Madeleine to reveal his existence to her father in order that they can marry. Madeleine, frightened of her authoritarian father, is reluctant to do so and eventually visits L\'Angelier in his rooms and says she will run away with him and marry him rather than face telling her father the truth. L\'Angelier, however, says that he could never marry her in this way, and Madeleine realises that he does not love her for herself but rather that he sees her as a means to recover his position in society. She tells him that their relationship is at an end and asks him to send her letters back. During the time that she has been seeing L\'Angelier, Madeleine\'s father has been encouraging her to accept the attentions of a wealthy society gentleman, William Minnoch,  and after having broken her engagement with L\'Angelier, she tells Mr Minnoch that she will accept his marriage proposal. Her family are delighted, but L\'Angelier visits the house again and threatens to show her father the compromising letters in his possession unless she continues to see him. Saying nothing of her new engagement, Madeleine reluctantly agrees. Some weeks after this, L\'Angelier is taken very ill, and although he recovers, he later has another attack of the same illness and this time dies from it. He is found to have died from arsenic poisoning, and L\'Angelier\'s friend points the finger of suspicion at Madeleine, who is found to have had arsenic in her possession at the time of L\'Angelier\'s death. The remainder of the film covers the court case, at the end of which the jury bring the verdict of not proven, a uniquely Scottish verdict which releases Madeleine from custody as neither guilty nor not guilty.'] ['In October 1962, U-2 surveillance photos reveal that the Soviet Union is in the process of placing missiles carrying nuclear weapons in Cuba. These weapons have the capability of wiping out most of the Eastern and Southern United States in minutes if they become operational. President John F. Kennedy  and his advisers must come up with a plan of action to prevent their activation. Kennedy is determined to show that the United States will not allow a missile threat in its virtual back yard. The Joint Chiefs of Staff advise immediate U.S. military strikes against the missile sites followed by an invasion of Cuba. However, Kennedy is reluctant to attack and invade because it would very likely cause the Soviets to invade Berlin. Citing The Guns of August, Kennedy sees an analogy to the events that started World War I, where the tactics of both sides commanders had not evolved since the previous war and were obsolete, only this time nuclear weapons are involved. War appears to be almost inevitable. The Kennedy administration tries to find a solution that will remove the missiles but avoid an act of war. They settle on a step less than a blockade, which is formally regarded as an act of war. They settle on what they publicly describe as a quarantine. They announce that the U.S. Naval forces will stop all ships entering Cuban waters and inspect them to verify they are not carrying weapons destined for Cuba. The Soviet Union sends mixed messages in response. John A. Scali, a reporter with ABC News, is contacted by Soviet "emissary" Aleksandr Fomin , and through this back-channel communication method the Soviets offer to remove the missiles in exchange for public assurances from the U.S. that it will never invade Cuba. A long message in the same tone as the informal communication from Fomin, apparently written personally by Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, is received. This is followed by a second, more hard line cable in which the Soviets offer a deal involving U.S removal of its Jupiter missiles from Turkey. The Kennedy administration interprets the second as a response from the Politburo, and in a risky act, decides to ignore it and respond to the first message, assumed to be from Khrushchev. There are several mis-steps during the crisis: the defense readiness level of Strategic Air Command  is raised to DEFCON 2 , without informing the President; a nuclear weapon test proceeds  and a routine test launch of a U.S. offensive missile is also carried out without the President\'s knowledge. After much deliberation with the Executive Committee of the National Security Council, Kennedy secretly agrees to remove all Jupiter missiles from southern Italy and in Turkey, the latter on the border of the Soviet Union, in exchange for Khrushchev removing all missiles in Cuba. Off the shores of Cuba, the Soviet ships turn back from the quarantine lines. Secretary of State Dean Rusk  says, "We\'re eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked."'] ['The film begins in 1947 at Muroc Army Air Field, an arid California military base where test pilots often die flying high-speed aircraft such as the rocket-powered Bell X-1. After another pilot demands $150,000 to attempt to break the sound barrier, war hero Chuck Yeager  receives the chance to fly the X-1. While on a horseback ride with his wife Glennis , Yeager collides with a tree branch and breaks his ribs, which inhibits him from leaning over and locking the door to the X-1. Worried that his injury might become known, Yeager confides in friend and fellow pilot Jack Ridley . Ridley cuts off part of a broomstick and tells Yeager to use it as a lever to help seal the hatch to the X-1, and Yeager becomes the first man to fly at supersonic speed, defeating the "demon in the sky". In 1953 Muroc, now Edwards Air Force Base, still attracts the best test pilots. Yeager and friendly rival Scott Crossfield ([[Scott Wilson  repeatedly break the other\'s speed records. The "prime" pilots often visit the Happy Bottom Riding Club run by Pancho Barnes , where Gordon "Gordo" Cooper  and Virgil "Gus" Grissom  of the United States Air Force are among the newer "pudknockers" that hope to also prove that they have "the Right Stuff".Pancho Barnes classifies the pilots at Edwards as either "prime" pilots flying the best equipment or "pudknockers" who only dream about it. The tests are no longer secret, as the military recognizes that it needs good publicity for funding, and with "no bucks, no Buck Rogers". Cooper\'s wife, Trudy , and other wives are afraid of becoming widows, but cannot change their husbands\' ambitions and desire for success and fame. In 1957, the launch of the Russian Sputnik satellite alarms the United States government. Politicians such as Senator Lyndon B. Johnson and military leaders demand that NASA help America defeat the Russians in the new Space Race. The search for the first Americans in space excludes Yeager, because he lacks a college degree. Grueling physical and mental tests select the Mercury Seven astronauts, including John Glenn  of the United States Marine Corps, Alan Shepard  of the United States Navy, Cooper, Grissom, and three others; they immediately become national heroes. Although many early NASA rockets explode during launch, the ambitious astronauts all hope to be the first in space as part of Project Mercury. Although engineers see the men as passengers, the pilots insist that the Mercury spacecraft have a window, a hatch with explosive bolts, and pitch-yaw-roll controls. Shepard is the first to reach space on the 15-minute sub-orbital flight of Mercury-Redstone 3 in May 1961. After Grissom\'s sub-orbital flight on Mercury-Redstone 4 lands in the ocean, the spacecraft\'s hatch inexplicably jettisons during the ocean recovery and quickly fills with water. Grissom escapes, but the spacecraft, overweight with seawater, sinks. Many criticize Grissom for possibly panicking and opening the hatch prematurely. Glenn becomes the first American to orbit the Earth on Mercury-Atlas 6 in February 1962, surviving a possibly loose heat shield, and receives a ticker-tape parade. He, his colleagues, and their families become celebrities, including a gigantic celebration in Texas, despite Glenn\'s wife Annie\'s  fear of public speaking due to a stutter. Although test pilots at Edwards mock the Mercury program for sending "spam in a can" into space, they recognize that they are no longer the fastest men on Earth, and Yeager states that "it takes a special kind of man to volunteer for a suicide mission, especially when it\'s on national TV." While testing the new Lockheed NF-104A, Yeager attempts to set a new altitude record at the edge of space but is nearly killed in a high-speed ejection when his engines fail. Though badly burned, after reaching the ground Yeager gathers up his parachute and walks to the ambulance, proving that he still has the Right Stuff. The film ends with Cooper\'s successful launch in May 1963 on Mercury-Atlas 9, ending the Mercury program. As the last American to fly into space alone, he "went higher, farther, and faster than any other American ... for a brief moment, Gordo Cooper became the greatest pilot anyone had ever seen."'] [" At the close of World War II, Hermann Göring ([[Brian Cox  surrenders to the Americans and enjoys the hospitality of a U.S. Air Force base. Samuel Rosenman , acting on the orders of U.S. President Harry S. Truman, recruits Justice Robert H. Jackson  to prepare a war crimes tribunal against Göring and the surviving Nazi leadership. Göring, Albert Speer  and others are arrested for war crimes and imprisoned in a U.S. Army stockade in Bad Mondorf. Jackson, his assistant Elsie Douglas , and his prosecution team fly to Germany. Psychologist Gustave Gilbert  arrives at the stockade with prisoner Hans Frank , who has attempted suicide. Jackson negotiates with Allied representatives Sir David Maxwell-Fyfe , General Iona Nikitchenko  and Henri Donnedieu de Vabres  to ensure a unified prosecution. Jackson selects the Nuremberg Palace of Justice for the site of the trials and reconstruction work commences. Göring and the others are stripped of their rank and transferred to the prison in Nuremberg, where they come into conflict with the guards under the command of the strict Colonel Burton C. Andrus . Major Airey Neave  serves Göring, Speer and the other with their indictments. U.S. judge Francis Biddle  arrives to take control of the court but reluctantly passes the honour at Jackson’s insistence. Following the suicide of prisoner Robert Ley , round-the-clock watches are posted and Gilbert is appointed prisoner liaison. Sir Geoffrey Lawrence  opens the trial with all defendants pleading not guilty and Jackson gives a stirring opening statement. At lunch a jovial Göring holds court over the other defendants while Speer begins to show signs of remorse. Maxwell-Fyfe puts forward an emotive eyewitness account of the Nazis' genocidal policies toward Jews, while Jackson reads out dry documentation. As the court begins to tire of Jackson’s meticulous approach, Maxwell-Fyfe urges pushing on to the witness interviews, which reveal the horrors of the concentration camps. The court is shaken by documentary footage of the camps; even Göring appears unsettled.  Speer explains Göring’s dominance to Gilbert and insists that his control over the others must be broken. Göring takes the stand and begins speaking to the German people. Jackson, at Gilbert’s suggestion, has Göring isolated. Under cross-examination, Göring outmanoeuvers and humiliates Jackson, who later accuses Biddle of giving Göring free rein in court. Douglas talks Jackson out of tendering his resignation, and the two share a kiss. Under advice from Maxwell-Fyfe, Jackson returns to confront Göring with evidence of his crimes against the Jews and successfully dismisses the defendant’s denials. At a Christmas party, the housekeeper refuses to serve the Russians, but Douglas rescues the situation before slipping away with Jackson. Gilbert visits the defendants and, under Jackson’s advice, attempts to convince them to take responsibility for their crimes. Andrus relaxes the prison rules for Christmas, and Göring shares a friendly drink with his guard, Lt. Tex Wheelis . The cross-examination of the defendants intensifies and the defence calls Rudolf Höß , who casually reveals the horrors of Auschwitz. Speer is implicated in the enslavement of foreign workers by fellow defendant Fritz Sauckel  and in response accepts collective responsibility for the crimes of the Nazi regime. Gilbert interviews Göring’s wife Emmy , who reveals that Hitler had ordered them all executed, which led to the family’s surrender. Jackson is moved by Gilbert’s summation of his examinations — that the source of the evil behind Nazi Germany was a complete lack of empathy — to give an impassioned closing statement. Göring uses his final statement to condemn the trial, and is sentenced along with 10 others to death by hanging. Speer uses his final statement to commend the tribunal and is sentenced to 20 years in prison. Göring commits suicide after his request to be executed by firing squad is denied. Andrus presides over the executions of the others while Jackson and Douglas head home ."] ['Early on the morning of September 11, 2001, hijackers Ahmed al-Nami and Ahmed al-Haznawi are praying in their hotel room, United 93\'s skyjacking ringleader Ziad Jarrah reading the Quran, and Saeed al-Ghamdi shaving. The four then leave for Newark International Airport. At the airport, the crew and passengers board United Airlines Flight 93. Shortly after boarding, and the safety briefing, Flight 93 is delayed for 41 minutes because of the high volume of traffic. The three other soon to be hijacked flights, American Airlines Flight 11, United Airlines Flight 175, and American Airlines Flight 77 take off at other airports. Air traffic controllers monitoring all current flights determine that American Airlines Flight 11, a Boeing 767 from Boston\'s Logan International Airport has taken a turn toward New York City. Shortly after, Flight 11 crashes into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, although the air traffic controllers do not immediately realize what has happened. About 20 minutes earlier, a tape recording was made of Mohamed Atta\'s line "We have some planes, just stay quiet and you\'ll be okay. We are returning to the airport." Meanwhile, United Airlines Flight 175, another Boeing 767, also from Boston, is also hijacked, and begins to descend and turn toward New York City as well. Air traffic controllers then realize they are dealing with multiple hijackings. American Airlines Flight 77, a Boeing 757 is also hijacked. The air traffic controllers and Air Force watch as Flight 175 crashes into the South Tower of the World Trade Center on live television, reported by CNN. United Airlines Flight 93 reaches its cruising altitude about the same time that Flight 175 crashes. The pilots of Flight 93 receive a message, Beware cockpit intrusion. Two a/c hit WTC. The terrorists on Flight 93 argue about when to begin their operation. At 9:28 AM, after Ahmed al-Haznawi assembles a fake bomb, the other three hijackers wrestle their way into the cockpit, holding off the flight attendants, herding the passengers to the back of the plane, and then killing the pilots Jason Dahl, and LeRoy Homer, Jr.. The hijacker Ziad Jarrah tries to tell the passengers to Keep remaining[sic] sitting, we have a bomb on board. So sit. He accidentally transmits this and another message to Cleveland Air Traffic Control, which he realises later, turning off Flight 93\'s transponder. Flight 93 turns towards D.C. while Ben Sliney ultimately decides to shut down all airspace in the United States and ground every flight. By this time, Flight 77 has crashed into the Pentagon. The passengers on Flight 93 begin making phone calls to family through the on-board GTE Airfone system. After hearing that planes have crashed into the WTC and the Pentagon, they realize that if they do nothing they will also die, and eventually elect to storm the cockpit and retake the plane using whatever makeshift weapons they can. They wait for the right moment, as the hijackers eventually realise the passengers are thinking of taking back the plane. One of the hijackers asks Jarrah how much time they may have left, and he says 20 minutes. The hijacker responds with We don\'t have twenty minutes! This turns out to be all but false, as the passengers begin the revolt. After Haznawi is beaten down and killed, Ahmed al-Nami warns Ziad Jarrah and Saeed al-Ghamdi in the cockpit of the passenger\'s revolt, and attempts to hold off the advancing passengers with a food cart, pepper spray, and a fire extinguisher; he too is soon overwhelmed and is killed by having his neck snapped. Ziad Jarrah shakes the plane violently but the passengers manage to enter the cockpit; however, as they attempt to gain control, the plane plummets into an upside down nosedive. Passengers are heard screaming, wind is heard, and hands are seen grappling for the yoke. The film ends as the plane nears the ground, and the screen blacks out as the plane hits the ground.'] ['The film tells the story of the Tuskegee experiment, a U.S. Federal Government secret medical experiment on poor African Americans in the years 1932-1972, designed to study the effects of untreated syphilis. The story is told from the perspective of the small town nurse Eunice Evers  who is well aware of the lack of treatment, but feels her role is to console the involved men, many of whom are her direct friends.'] ['It\'s the late 1980s and low-level mobster Giacomo "Jackie Dee" DiNorscio has just been shot by his junkie cousin Tony Compagna, but refuses to press charges against him to police. Jackie soon gets arrested and is sentenced to thirty years on an unrelated drug bust. Tony, afraid of reprisals from the extended mob family run by Nick Calabrese, agrees to be a government witness for district attorney Sean Kierney, who intends to bring down dozens of organized crime figures all at once. Kierney tries to bribe Jackie to be a government witness as well, but it\'s not in the gregarious Jackie\'s nature to be a rat. That sets in motion a massive court case where Jackie, Nick and dozens of other mobsters are tried together for a countless number of crimes in front of presiding Judge Sidney Finestein. Upset with his current lawyer, who couldn\'t even keep him from doing a 30-year stretch, Jackie turns down an offer to be represented by lead defense attorney Ben Klandis and decides to represent himself in court, despite having no legal background or any real knowledge of how to proceed. Jackie\'s mischievous and vulgar manner amuses the jury on occasions but persistently irritates the judge, lawyers, witnesses and defendants, including his friends from the mob. As weeks turn into months, the court case evolves into a marathon affair. Jackie turns the courtroom into something of a three-ring circus. Ben begins to believe that maybe Jackie could be effective, but Nick Calabrese is furious and Judge Finestein repeatedly threatens the charismatic mobster with contempt of court. Jackie\'s estranged wife, Bella, visits him in jail, where he is becoming increasingly frustrated. Guards spy on him and prosecuting attorneys remove his favorite chair, causing considerable pain to Jackie\'s injured back. He apologizes to the court and tries to mind his manners in the end. The prosecutors and the defense return to their offices expecting the jury to deliberate for at least a week. However, the jury came to a decision after only 14 hours of deliberation. The jury reaches a verdict of not guilty. The entire courtroom reaches pandemonium as the family celebrates. The entire family hugs the jury as the jury is about to leave. Meanwhile, Jackie is the only one that returns to jail to finish his sentence. Jackie is welcomed as a hero in the correctional facility and the prisoners chant \'Jackie\' and extend their hands in tribute to the man who refused to compromise his family for his life.'] ['Stephen Randall Glass is a reporter/associate editor at The New Republic, a magazine located in Washington, DC. At The New Republic, Glass is known for his colorful writing. His editor, Michael Kelly, is revered by his young staff. When David Keene  questions Glass\' description of minibars and the drunken antics of Young Republicans at a convention, Kelly backs his reporter when Glass admits to one mistake but says the rest is true. But Kelly is fired after he stands up to his nitpicking boss Marty Peretz and the staff are less enchanted with his replacement, fellow writer Charles "Chuck" Lane. Glass lampoons the restrained Lane behind closed doors and ingratiates himself with coworkers. In a staff meeting, Glass entertains with his newest story pitch about Ian Restil, a teenage hacker hired by Jukt Micronics, a software company in Silicon Valley, after he hacks their system\'s security. Glass reports that Restil used a sports agent to negotiate a lucrative compensation package celebrated by his peers at a hacker convention. But after the article is printed, the editor at Forbes Digital Tool, a fledgling webzine, asks reporter Adam Penenberg how he missed the scoop, and Penenberg begins to investigate. The story unravels as one "fact" after another raises suspicions, and with the help of Andy Fox, a colleague, Penenberg challenges Lane to get to the truth. Phone numbers lead only to voicemails, the software company has an amateurish, slapdash webpage, Glass has virtually no answers as to the facts of the story and Lane can\'t confirm anything. Hammered with questions, Glass can see his responses are unconvincing, so he now claims he must have been duped by his sources. Lane finally forces Glass to drive out to the convention site to trace the agent, but the Bethesda office building where the convention supposedly took place is closed on Sundays, and the nearby restaurant where he claims they ate dinner closes at 3:00 p.m. Glass finally admits to Lane that he wasn\'t actually at the hacker convention, but relied on sources for information. Lane is outraged by the lies and lazy, inaccurate reporting but proceeds cautiously after telling Glass that he wants Glass to tell him the truth from now on. He suspends Glass even though he has the sympathy of coworkers. Caitlin Avey, a friend of Glass and fellow writer at the magazine, considers quitting over Lane\'s supposed unjust treatment of Glass. When a colleague calls Lane to express concern for Glass\' state of mind he also reveals that Glass has a brother in Palo Alto, and Chuck realizes the brother must have posed as the president of Jukt Micronics. Lane goes back to the office where he finds Glass and confronts him on the lies. Glass pleads for another chance but Lane orders him out of the office and takes his security access card. Searching through back issues of The New Republic, Lane is disgusted when he realizes that much, if not all, of Glass\' previous work was falsified, and when an emotional Glass suddenly returns to the office, Lane fires him. After she hears the news, Caitlin accuses Lane of wanting to get rid of everyone that was loyal to Michael Kelly, but he challenges her to act like the good reporter she is. He reminds her that half of the falsified stories were published on Kelly\'s watch and that the entire staff will have to apologize to their readers for allowing Glass to continue to hand in fictitious stories. When Lane arrives at the office the following day, the receptionist wryly remarks that all this trouble could have been averted if reporters were mandated to photograph all their sources. In their meeting, Lane discovers the staff has written an apology to their readers, and they spontaneously begin to applaud their editor, signifying their unity. At a meeting with Glass and Glass\' lawyer, Lane is told the entire truth. Glass, in effect, admits that 27 of the articles he wrote were fabricated in whole or in part.'] ['{{plot}} In 1962 the World Health Organization launched a vaccination campaign to rid the world of smallpox forever. By 1980 they had succeeded and vaccination stopped. The only living samples of the virus were safely locked inside two maximum-security laboratories, one in Russia and one in the United States. Or so the world believed. In New York City on April 9, 2002, 29-year-old sales assistant Cynthia Sheldon had been feeling unwell. She brought herself to Long Island College Hospital, were she was treated by Dr. Carl Jocelyn. She had a high fever and was complaining of a headache and back pain, she had a mild rash at that time on her hands, kind of red. A routine anthrax test on Cynthia came back negative. Dr. Jocelyn did what any doctor would have done, he gave her some Tylenol and told her to drink plenty of fluids and get plenty of rest. If anything went wrong come back in a couple of days. On April 11 at 6:20 P.M. Cynthia Sheldon was brought back to the hospital. Her state had deteriorated greatly. The fever was very high and the rash she before had on her hands had spread over her body and had erupted into small pus-filled blisters that all up and down on her arms and on her face. Upon examining her further, Dr. Jocelyn found that the blisters were all over; up and down her torso, on her neck, down her throat. It obviously wasn\'t the flu. Dr. Jocelyn didn\'t know what it was, only that it looked highly infectious. In response, the hospital sealed off its emergency room. The speculation in the public was that it was another bioterrorist scare. For the previous six months, the Department of Health had been on heightened alert for any unusual outbreaks of disease. Dr. Sam Wiseman was the head of the New York City bioterrorism unit and he was called in to examine Cynthia Sheldon in the isolation unit. He was convinced he was looking at a case of smallpox. To establish how widespread the outbreak might be, the Department of Health immediately faxed every hospital in the city requesting information on any patients that might be showing early symptoms of the disease. Within a half an hour they were hearing about possible cases in four of the five boroughs. Fifteen of the hospitals that they heard from had not only seen such cases in the last 48 hours, but sent them home like Cynthia had been sent home. Dr. Wiseman realized that the disease was spreading in a geometric fashion; one person infects twenty and each of the twenty infects another twenty, and so on. And they don\'t even know they\'re infected until they become sick 10 to 12 days later at which point they\'re infectious. By 10:00 that night over 30 suspected cases of smallpox had been identified. It would take 24 hours before the disease could be confirmed by a laboratory diagnosis, but a plan of action was needed. The mayor called a crisis meeting at the office of emergency management. Jack Hill, the director of New York City\'s Office of Emergency Management, wanted the city to mobilize the National Guard, close down the airports and train stations, restrict movement in and out of the city, and vaccinate anybody exposed to the virus, and quarantine anybody who had contracted smallpox. Since there were only a handful of cases, no one had died and it was still not confirmed as smallpox, the other members of the meeting saw this as an overreaction that would cause panic, so Hill was voted down. As a precaution it was agreed that anyone that had been in direct contact with the suspected case should be vaccinated. No further action was deemed necessary at that stage. In Geneva the World Health Organization was checking for any smallpox outbreaks elsewhere in the world. But none had been reported. By the time New York had diagnosed its first case it was too late, the virus had moved on. Two days before Cynthia Sheldon first went to the hospital, New York businessman Mark Smits was preparing to leave for an urgent business meeting in London. Before he left, he was ill but still left for London. At 10:30 A.M. on April 8, Mark Smits checked in to his hotel in central London. When he arrived he complained of a high fever, so a hotel doctor was called. The doctor diagnosed flu and said he would check in on him the next morning. By 11:30 A.M. the following day Smits\'s condition had deteriorated dramatically. He was immediately transferred to St. Mary\'s Hospital in Paddington. There was clearly a public health emergency. His symptoms were closest to Ebola, Marburg virus and other hemorrhagic diseases, but at the time there was no question as to smallpox. The Kingsway Hall hotel was isolated and decontaminated. Anyone that Smits had been in contact with was quarantined and an investigation began to trace Smits\'s movements over the past few days. The trail quickly led back to his home in New York City. By April 12, Mark Smits had died and the disease had still not been diagnosed. At 2:10 A.M. that morning the doctors heard about the possible smallpox outbreak in New York on CNN. They knew that in 3% of smallpox victims there are hemorrhagic symptoms that kill the victim. They knew they needed to find anyone that had breathed the same air as Mark Smits that day. To contain the virus, the authorities had to locate everyone at risk, vaccinate them within four days of exposure and persuade them to stay at home for 17 days, the maximum incubation for the disease. But Cynthia Sheldon in New York and Mark Smits in London were just the tip of the iceberg. Within 24 hours 38 new cases were confirmed in New York plus six further cases in three other countries. On April 13 at 8:30 A.M., the President of the United States addressed the nation with realization that the outbreak was an act of terrorism. Three days after the first case was diagnosed there was still no clue as to who had unleashed the virus and why. No one had claimed responsibilities, no witnesses, no motive. There was no common thread that tied the early cases together. What they needed to do was to track the movements of all of the initial patients at least for the first two weeks, the incubation period. On day four the investigation made its first breakthrough. The CDC in Atlanta identified the strain of smallpox as India-1; this proved that the virus originated in a Russian bioweapons lab and somehow found its way into the hands of terrorists. In the 1960s the Soviet Union was one of the driving nations behind the campaign to eradicate smallpox. But this was the height of the Cold War. Unwittingly many of the Soviet doctors were sending smallpox samples back to the Soviet military. To the generals, the eradication of the disease presented a unique opportunity. If there was no smallpox, it meant no one would be vaccinated anymore. If nobody is vaccinated a new biological weapon based on smallpox would be the most powerful and effective weapon ever created to eliminate human life. In the 1980s Dr. Ken Alibek, holding the rank of Colonel in the Soviet Army, oversaw the secret development of a massive bio-weapons program using a specially selected strain of smallpox. The major strain used in the Soviet Union was codenamed India-1. It was highly virulent and highly contagious. Although it was consistently denied to the Western world, Biopreparat, the Soviet biological weapons program, was producing deadly disease on an industrial scale. Inside their laboratories, Ebola, Tularemia, Anthrax, and Smallpox were all weaponized and then loaded into missiles to be unleashed on the West in the event of total war. The size and scope of the research and development program was enormous. Upwards of 60,000 people worked in Biopreparat alone. Large numbers of experts in every aspect of the biological sciences and microbiological, almost a generation of the most clever people, ended up in the program. In the 1980s and 1990s hundreds of tons of smallpox were stockpiled in Soviet laboratories. Real concerns existed over the security of these facilities. With the break-up of the Soviet Union, the support to the laboratories where the virus was being made diminished sharply and between a third and a half of all the scientists left the laboratories to go to many places. Because these were scientists with families and no money, you could certainly hire these people as consultants very easily at very low prices and many countries did. Samples of the virus had traveled with them. By day 7 of the epidemic in New York, the number of smallpox cases had stabilized at 62. But that was all about to change, as the epidemic was moving into its next phase. By April 18 new outbreaks were confirmed in the densely populated cities of Delhi, Tokyo, Karachi, and Moscow. Other nations took action to prevent the further spread of the disease to their shores. All Eurotunnel and ferry services between France and England were suspended. In London, the authorities were also beginning to count the cost of Mark Smits legacy. They vaccinated more than 4,000 and still it slipped through the nails. In just four days, between April 18 and April 21, London saw nearly a hundred new cases. By day 11 outbreaks were confirmed in Glasgow, Manchester, Bristol, and Birmingham. The United Kingdom was in the grip of a major nationwide epidemic. A decision was made to withhold information about the size of the UK vaccine stockpile. They had only enough to vaccinate 14 million people, yet the UK had a population of 60 million people, which meant that only a quarter of the UK could be vaccinated. By refusing to go public with the figures it appeared the government had something to hide. The press immediately became suspicious and published inaccurate information and the public started to disbelieve what the British government told them. The transport and general workers unions demanded vaccinations. With almost no trucks delivering, panic buying led to food and fuel shortages. Within days London transport workers joined the protest, refusing to work unless they too receive vaccine. With the UK\'s infrastructure unraveling, the authorities were rapidly losing their grip on the epidemic. On day 12 Cynthia Sheldon died and by that time there were 202 cases in New York City. Within the first ten days things went from 10 reported cases a day to 20 reported cases a day to 150 cases a day. As fear turned to panic, tens of thousands of New Yorkers had begun to flee the city. But by then outbreaks were occurring all over the United States. Suddenly every state was clamoring for vaccine. There was only one solution: to dilute the existing stockpile. They could dilute the vaccine five times safely. Although some said they could dilute it ten times, five was chosen because that was what was needed and they wanted the vaccine to be as potent as possible. But it wasn\'t that simple. The amount of vaccine given to a recipient depended on how the vial was held, and the way it was usually held meant people received more than they should. This meant that although one vial may be meant for 100 people, doctors were lucky if they vaccinated 50 with that vial. Even where vaccine was available for many it had serious side-effects. Pregnant women, anyone with a chronic skin condition or an immune deficiency disease like AIDS couldn\'t take the vaccine. In many cases it could kill them. There is a preparation called vaccinia immune globulin, or VIG, which is antibodies taken from the serum of people who have been vaccinated and given to people who can\'t take the vaccine. It\'s a very painful series of intramuscular injection taken over two days, and there were only 700 courses of it throughout the United States. In New York, because the hospitals were overwhelmed with smallpox victims and couldn\'t deal with the daily routines they needed to deal with, the authorities created special hospitals. They took the armories throughout the city and turned them into smallpox hospitals. Thousands of beds were set up inside each building in preparation of the anticipated cases. The hospitals were manned by volunteer health workers and the National Guard was posted on the perimeter to prevent anyone from getting out. By April 29 a hundred people had died. Each body was still infectious, making it impossible to return the victims to their families. As the dead increased it became apparent they weren\'t going to be able to deal with it in a conventional manner in the city morgues. So they took over Governors Island and turned it into a morgue. And they took Army issue air conditioned tents and every morning when the bodies were collected from the hospitals, they were taken to Governors Island and laid out and they filled one tent and another tent, etc. As more and more people avoided coming into the city, Wall Street, the world\'s greatest financial district, fell silent. In just over two weeks, New York had ground to a halt. By day 16 there were still no clues as to who had unleashed the virus. But the date of the attack had been pinpointed: April 1, 2002. A pattern started to emerge. Among the early cases, there were two groups. The first group had traveled on the subway, between Wall Street and Grand Central Terminal, between 7:30 and 8:30 in the morning. The second group were in or around Penn Station between 8:30 and 9:30. So clearly and without a doubt the killer had targeted these sections of the city. The FBI pulled thousands of hours of CCTV footage in the target area with ten separate teams working 24 hours a day scanning the footage, frame by frame. Best of all, some of the survivors had described seeing an extremely ill man coughing on the subway. By day 21 as news of the suspect was broadcast, the next phase of infections had begun. By the first day of May, over 30 countries were fighting outbreaks. International trade and transport slowed to a trickle. Many nations without vaccine had to take harsh action to quell panic and contain the outbreaks. Every country was increasingly left to fend for itself. In the US, the number of cases was rising by a thousand a day. Strict rationing of vaccine led to riots, the worst was in south central Los Angeles, where six suspected were reported. Officials, however withheld vaccine because the suspected outbreak remained unconfirmed. The government was accused of racial discrimination in its vaccination policy. In London, life moved behind closed doors. As fear and panic took hold, random acts of violence broke out. People all over the world turned their fear and suspicion on each other. By day 36, in the UK it was clear that the measures taken by the authorities to contain both the spread of the disease and public panic were failing. Draconian measures were needed, armed troops enforced a curfew on the streets of London. The British government set up special quarantine centers around the country with the help of the Army. With smallpox outbreaks in over 36 states, the American government was also forced to introduce harsh containment and quarantine measures. By May 19 the number of cases in the UK had risen to 13,000. Five weeks after the virus had been released in New York, a man fitting the description of the suspect had was identified on CCTV footage from the target locations. Between 7:54 A.M. and 9:47 A.M. he was captured on over 20 different cameras, then he vanished. But on the 40th day of the investigation, an extraordinary discovery was made. A maintenance worker at a subway station literally tripped over a body that had been tucked into an alcove in a service tunnel. Even though it was vastly decomposed and half eaten by rats, the FBI knew who it was because of the clothes. The forensic examination concluded that the body was heavily infected with smallpox over a week before the outbreak began. But it wasn\'t the virus that killed him, the cause of death was an overdose of barbiturates. Although the killer had taken great care to conceal his identity, the corpse provided the FBI with its first substantial leads. By late May smallpox epidemics were taking hold in Africa, South America and Asia. One of the worst hit cities was Bombay; within a week the number of cases leaped from 3,000 to 18,000. Medical staff were staying away from hospitals and millions were fleeing the city. No one had ever seen smallpox spread this fast before. What compounded the problem is that in the years since assumed eradication, AIDS had become a problem in many of these countries, which made it doubly horrible. In many parts of Africa nearly a quarter of the population was HIV-positive. Because of their weakened immunity smallpox was nearly always fatal. By day 46, there were 100,286 cases in New York City, with 12,310 dead. As the number of smallpox cases exploded, it become almost impossible to keep track of the epidemic. In New York, no one was left untouched by the nightmare. Families were ripped apart. By June 4, there were 509,013 cases in the United States, with 76,005 dead. In the UK, the management and distribution of vaccine was becoming more efficient. By the beginning of June the vast majority of the planet was caught in a disaster of biblical proportions. People fled the cities to get away from smallpox and were put into huge refugee camps, which were breeding grounds for the virus. Nobody was farming or transporting foods, so the whole infrastructure of these countries had collapsed. And people were ravaged by famine, typhoid, dysentery, cholera, plague, all mitigating against them. By mid-June 2002, the death toll in the Third World was rising by 200,000 a week. On day 65, America had over a million cases of smallpox. By then substantial quantities of new vaccine were becoming available, but its management and distribution were fraught with problems. The health infrastructure was in chaos; just getting the vaccine to the people who really needed it was a desperately difficult thing. The country was virtually on its knees by that stage. But the tide was turning. The combination of harsh containment measures and mass vaccination was reducing the spread of the disease. By mid-July the figure of 100,000 were infecting 90,000. By July 10, 2002 , there were 27,456 fatalities in New York City, however the rate of smallpox infections dropped for the first time. Every known fact about the day the epidemic began has been documented in detail. At 7:54 A.M. on April 1, the killer walked into a grocery store on the corner of Spring and Lafayette. He purchased two bottles of water, walked out of the building and onto the subway. At 8:32 A.M. in front of Grand Central Station the killer was seen crossing a crowded intersection, touching six-year old Jose Marco Ramirez on the head, who would die 22 days later. In a short distance the killer passed over 150 people, infecting 10 of them. A receipt from a jeweler\'s found in Mark Smits\' wallet placed him at the scene at that time. Smits was one of those ten. AT 8:33 A.M. the killer entered the Cosley building and stepped into the elevator. He rode to the top floor and then back down into the lobby where he exited the building. Cynthia Sheldon then stepped into the elevator. The FBI did not find a single hard piece of evidence that would link him to anybody. The clue that they found what he wanted them to find. They found a key on him. The key led to an apartment where the rent had been paid three months in advance. On the table lay a copy of the King James Bible. It was opened at the Book of Ezekiel. A single passage  was marked, "A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence, and with famine shall they be consumed in the midst of thee: and a third part shall fall by the sword round about thee; and I will scatter a third part into all the winds, and I will draw out a sword after them. Thus shall mine anger be accomplished, and I will cause my fury to rest upon them, and I will be comforted." Beyond this ambiguous message, the investigation failed to discover a motive for the attack. To this day no evidence linking the terrorist to a known organization has been established. The case remains open. By the time the global pandemic ended, 30,000 people had died in New York City, 1.5 million died in the United States, and 60 million people died worldwide. Outbreaks of smallpox are still occurring in parts of Africa and Asia. A new global eradication program has begun, but the social and psychological wounds of the great smallpox pandemic of 2002 will be much harder to heal.'] ['In 1915 Berlin, the German high command is worried about ally Turkey. Recent British attacks on the vital Dardanelles shows signs of inside knowledge. Von Sturm , the head of German intelligence, is ordered to find out if Ali Bey , the Turkish commander of the region, is the traitor. As his best agent has not been heard from in several weeks, von Sturm assigns Kruger  the task. Shortly afterwards, Annemarie , known by the code name "Fräulein Doktor", returns after completing her mission. She also informs von Sturm that fellow spy Mata Hari has fallen in love and therefore can no longer be trusted. She recommends that an incriminating message be sent using a code that she knows has been broken by the Allies. In addition, she uncovers Kruger as a British double agent known as K-6. When Kruger is arrested at his dentist contact\'s office, another patient, American medical student Douglas Beall , is also taken into custody, though he is later released. Just to be sure though, von Sturm orders Annemarie to make sure Beall is innocent. She arranges to be rescued from an unwanted "suitor" by Beall, who invites her to his hotel suite. During the course of the evening, he confesses he has fallen in love with her, now going by the name Helena Bohlen. Helena is attracted to him, but when she reads a coded message from von Sturm informing her that he has taken her advice regarding Mata Hari, she abruptly leaves. Beall persists however. When Helena boards the train to Constantinople, he follows her on the spur of the moment and continues courting her, despite her half-hearted attempts to discourage him. Her assistant Karl  watches with growing concern. As they near the Turkish border, she orders Karl to return to Germany so Beall can use his visa. To answer Beall\'s persistent questions, Helena has to admit she is a German spy. This has no effect on his love. Meanwhile, she attracts Ali Bey with her beauty. When she accepts his invitation to dinner, she poses as British agent K-6 and negotiates for vital information. To gain his trust, she arranges for Beall to be framed as a spy by von Sturm  and supposedly executed by firing squad, though a French prisoner is to be substituted. His suspicions  allayed, Ali Bey compromises himself and is arrested by his Turkish superiors. When von Sturm admits that he was unable to make the switch and that Beall really was shot, Helena loses her sanity and is confined in a nunnery. Refusing to accept the truth, she expects her lover to find her and take her away. It turns out that von Sturm had lied in an attempt to avoid losing his best agent. He had not dared to risk antagonizing a then-neutral America. In the final scene, Helena is reunited with Beall.'] ["Norman Dale arrives in the rural Indiana town of Hickory to be a high school teacher and basketball coach. He had lost a previous coaching position after striking a student, so he is under pressure to succeed. Like much of the state, Hickory's community is passionate about basketball. People are aware that the best player in town, Jimmy Chitwood, does not intend to play on this season's team. Faculty member Myra Fleener warns the new coach not to try to persuade Jimmy to change his mind; she believes he needs to focus on school work in order to get a scholarship to attend college and have a better future. The school enrollment is so small that Dale has only a few players on his squad. Built on a four pass offense, Dale remains steadfast when a player disobeys him in an early season game, keeping him on the bench and playing with four players after another fouls out. The coach alienates the community with a slow, defensive style that does not immediately produce results and by losing his temper, which causes him to be ejected from more than one game. Dale needs a new assistant coach and invites knowledgeable basketball fan Shooter, the alcoholic father of one of his players, to join him on the bench. This, too, confounds the town, including Shooter's son. By the middle of the season, an emergency town meeting is called to vote on whether Dale should be dismissed. Fleener appreciates the coach's staying away from Chitwood and sides with him, but the town votes him out. At the last minute, Chitwood asks permission to speak: he says he's ready to begin playing basketball again, but only if Dale remains as coach. From this point, Hickory becomes an unstoppable team. Despite a setback in which Shooter arrives drunk to a game and ends up in a hospital, the team advances through tournament play, with contributions from unsung players, such as the pint-sized Ollie and devoutly religious Strap. Hickory shocks the state by reaching the state championship game. In a large arena and before a crowd bigger than any they've seen, the Hickory players face long odds to defeat a team from South Bend, whose players are taller and more athletic. But with Chitwood scoring at the last second, tiny Hickory takes home the 1952 Indiana state championship."] ['Samuel Bicke is portrayed as an individual who wants the world to function according to honor and merit, yet he\'s often paranoid and dishonest, and he gets flustered and angry when things don\'t go according to his plans. He clearly wants to reconcile with his estranged wife Marie but cannot accept that she\'s moved on without him. He states that he stopped working for his brother because he perceives that his brother forced him to lie in his job, yet he lies about his marital status to get employment. He attempts to join the Black Panthers, as he believes that discrimination affects poor white people just as much as it does blacks, but his explanations for that fact don\'t impress the local Panther leadership. While out drinking with his new employer at an office furniture sales office, the employer describes Richard Nixon as the greatest salesman in history, because his election promise in 1968 was to exit the Vietnam War, yet he massively increased troop numbers and won an easy re-election in 1972 on a promise of ending the same war. His employer is condescending towards him and gives him patronizing advice, while his lack of social skills and scattershot morality make him an abysmal salesman. Throughout the film he becomes increasingly disillusioned with friends, family, his status in society, the lot of the those who are employed and his job in particular. He decides to set up a mobile tire sales business so that he will no longer be employed by others, and applies for a government loan to set up the business. Bicke then suffers several setbacks in short succession. His sales figures continue to deteriorate, and during a clumsy attempt to hit on a customer he reveals that, despite what he has told his employer, he is in fact separated, which his colleague hears and passes on to the boss. He then desperately tries to get Marie to join him for a company event, but she refuses to keep up a "charade" and asks him why he needs her there if his sales are as good as he has told her about. He then gets a letter from Marie saying she has filed for divorce, and when he reaches her by telephone she tells him to get a life and hangs up on him, leaving him to weep in despair. Shortly afterwards, he deliberately tanks a sale and quits, with his boss seeming relieved that he\'ll be gone, and begins ranting when he sees President Nixon giving a speech on TV, repeatedly screaming "It\'s about MONEY, DICK!!!". He decides that as he is certain to receive his loan he can order his tires now and start the business, and breaks into his brother\'s tire sales business to make a large order, to be delivered to his best friend and prospective business partner, Bonny. However, the loan is rejected and Bicke comes home one night to find a notice on his door that his rent is past due, and his brother, Julius, waiting in his flat. Julius reveals that the vendor became suspicious and contacted police, and Bonny was arrested for receiving stolen goods, which Bicke pathetically tries to say is due to racism against the African-American Bonny. Julius has bailed Bonny out and smoothed things over with the police, but says that he wants nothing more to do with Bicke, and will have him arrested if he ever does anything similar. With nothing and no one left in his life that he cares about, Bicke begins obsessing about Nixon. One night, after he watches a news story about a helicopter pilot who did a fly-by around the White House and got arrested, he begins putting together a plan to hijack a passenger airliner himself and crash it into the White House. Bicke closes his bank account, steals a gun from Bonny which he conceals on his leg, heads to a restaurant where his old boss and colleague are dining. He sarcastically thanks the boss for showing him that being a good man and a good salesperson aren\'t the same thing, and aims the gun at him under the table, but can\'t bring himself to pull the trigger and flees. He goes to his and Marie\'s old house; he sleeps in the deserted, mostly barren home before he shoots and kills the family dog. The next morning, he goes to the Baltimore-Washington International Airport. He buys a ticket and waits in line to board his flight. Seeing the security procedures, he has a last minute change of plan and rushes on board the airplane, shooting indiscriminately as he goes. Once on board he seems to have little idea of what he is doing. He shoots one pilot in the head and the other in the shoulder, and finds a passenger to act as co-pilot. However, he is shot through the window in the plane\'s door. While the authorities close in on the plane, he commits suicide. The day\'s events are shown on TV, but as the film ends, his ex-wife and former best friend have no reaction to the mention of Bicke\'s name. Bicke then runs around his apartment with a toy plane and heads straight into the camera as the screen cuts to black. The film ends with a title card that says even if Bicke had succeeded at hijacking the plane, his plan would have failed because Nixon wasn\'t in the White House that day.'] ['Something the Lord Made  tells the story of the 34-year partnership that begins in Depression Era Nashville in 1930 when Blalock  hires Thomas  as an assistant in his Vanderbilt University lab, expecting him to perform janitorial work. But Thomas\' remarkable manual dexterity and intellectual acumen confound Blalock\'s expectations, and Thomas rapidly becomes indispensable as a research partner to Blalock in his forays into heart surgery. The film traces the two men\'s work when they move in 1941 from Vanderbilt to Johns Hopkins, an institution where the only black employees are janitors and where Thomas must enter by the back door. Together, they attack the heart problem of Tetralogy of Fallot, also known as Blue Baby Syndrome, and in so doing they open the field of heart surgery. Helen Taussig , the pediatrician/cardiologist at Johns Hopkins, challenges Blalock to come up with a surgical solution for her Blue Babies. She needs a new ductus for them to oxygenate their blood and turn them pink. The film dramatizes Blalock\'s and Thomas\' fight to save the dying Blue Babies. Blalock praises Thomas\' surgical skill as being "like something the Lord made" and insists that Thomas coach him through the first Blue Baby surgery over the protests of Hopkins administrators. Yet outside the lab, they are separated by the prevailing racism of the time. Thomas attends Blalock\'s parties as a bartender, moonlighting for extra income, and when Blalock is honored for the Blue Baby work at the segregated Belvedere Hotel, Thomas is not among the invited guests. Instead, he watches from behind a potted palm at the rear of the ballroom. After Blalock\'s death, Thomas continued his work at Johns Hopkins training surgeons. At the end of the film, in a formal ceremony, Hopkins recognized Thomas\' work and awarded him an honorary doctorate. A portrait of Thomas was placed on the walls of Johns Hopkins next to Blalock\'s portrait, which had been hung there years earlier.'] ["Bettie Page is an ambitious, naïve, and devout young Christian woman who longs to leave Nashville, Tennessee following a childhood of sexual abuse, a failed wartime marriage, and a gang rape. In 1949, she departs for New York City, where she enrolls in an acting class. Amateur photographer Jerry Tibbs discovers her walking on the beach at Coney Island and she agrees to model for him. He suggests she restyle her hair with the bangs that would become her trademark. Bettie becomes a favorite of nature photographers , and she has no hesitation about removing her clothes for the photographers when asked. Before long images of the shapely brunette reach brother-and-sister entrepreneurs Paula and Irving Klaw, who run a respectable business selling movie stills and memorabilia but also deal with fetish photos, magazines, and 8- and 16-millimeter films for additional income. Their top model Maxie takes Bettie under her wing, and she soon finds herself wearing leather corsets and thigh-high boots while wielding whips and chains for photographer John Willie, frequently at the request of Little John, a mild-mannered attorney with unusual tastes. Bettie is innocently unaware of the sexual nature of the images that rapidly are making her a star in the underground world of bondage aficionados. Bettie is called to testify before a 1955 hearing, headed by Senator Estes Kefauver, investigating the effects of pornography on American youth. Though she waits patiently for 12 hours to answer the committee's questions, Kefauver  decides to not bring her before the committee and dismisses her without an explanation. When it becomes apparent that casting directors are more interested in her notoriety than in any acting talent she might possess, Bettie heads to Miami Beach. Drifting along with limited career prospects and a virtually nonexistent social life, she stumbles upon a small church, walks inside and embraces Jesus Christ during a religious service. Although she insists she's not ashamed of anything she has done in her life, she appears happy to leave her past behind and return to her spiritual roots by preaching the word of the Lord on street corners. Back in New York, Irving is stressed out and suffering from ill-health. He decides that he and his sister must burn their vast collection of erotic photos, and movie footage in order to avoid potential prosecution. Paula reluctantly complies with her brother's request, but secretly saves the negatives of many of Bettie's pictures and movies from the bonfire, therefore ensuring that Bettie's work will survive for future generations."] ["After the establishing shot of Montluc prison, but before the opening credits, the camera rests on a plaque commemorating the 7,000 men who died there at the hands of the Nazis.  On the way to jail, Fontaine , a member of the French Resistance, seizes an opportunity to escape his Nazi captors when the car carrying him is forced to stop, but he is soon apprehended, beaten for his attempt, handcuffed and taken to the jail. At first he is incarcerated in a cell on the first floor of the prison, and he is able to talk to three French men who are exercising in the courtyard. The men obtain a safety pin for Fontaine, which gives him the ability to unlock his handcuffs. This turns out to be pointless because, in reassigning him to a cell on the top floor, the guards remove his handcuffs anyway. Once in cell 107 on the top floor, Fontaine begins inspecting the door and figures out that the boards are joined together with low quality wood. Using an iron spoon he deliberately neglects to return after a meal, he begins to chip away at the wood. After weeks of work, he is able to remove three boards from the door, roam the hallway, get back in his cell and restore the appearance of the door. Fontaine is not the only prisoner trying to escape. Orsini  makes an attempt, but fails to get very far because of the lack of hooks on his rope. Orsini is tossed back in his cell and beaten up by the guards, and is to be executed within a few days. Fontaine is not deterred from his plan; he makes hooks from the light-fitting in his cell. He then fashions himself ropes from old blankets and fastens the hooks to the rope with wires taken from his bed. The other prisoners grow somewhat skeptical of his escape plans, saying he is taking too long. After being taken to headquarters to be informed that he is sentenced to execution, Fontaine is taken back to jail and put back in the same cell. Soon he gets a cellmate, François Jost , a sixteen-year-old young man who had joined the German army. Fontaine is not sure whether he can trust Jost  and realizes he'll either have to kill him or take him with him in the escape. In the end, after Jost admits he too wants to escape, he chooses to trust the boy and tells him the plan. One night, they escape by gaining access to the roof of the building, roping down to the courtyard, killing the Nazi guard there, climbing the wall and then roping to an adjacent building. They walk away from the prison undetected, and the film ends."] ["Communist conspiracies seem to be everywhere in the 1950s, particularly in Washington, D.C., where word has reached John Rogers, the secretary of the U.S. Navy, that one of his subordinates is strongly suspected to be a Communist sympathizer. Bernie Goldsmith has no idea that he is the man in question as he enjoys his daughter's school essay on patriotism. The news that he is being suspended from work and investigated comes as a complete shock to him. Friends and neighbors, including a minister and the mayor, rally to Bernie's side after others begin to shun him. Joe DiMarco agrees to represent him in court, where a female lieutenant, Mary Jane McCoy, paints a suspicious picture of Bernie in the Navy's eyes. Joe's diligent work results in conclusive testimony that Bernie is not a Communist and all charges against him are dismissed. A grateful Bernie can't wait to be reinstated at work. Secretary Rogers, however, has stubbornly decided that he still cannot trust the man after everything he has heard. Months go by, with Bernie unable to find gainful employment with the Navy or anyplace else. Those who believe in Bernie go to great lengths again to get the Secretary to finally apologize and restore an innocent man's good name."] ['In this follow-up to The Jolson Story, we pick up the singer\'s career just as he has returned to the stage after a premature retirement. But his wife has left him and the appeal of the spotlight is not what it used to be. This time Jolson  trades in the stage for life in the fast lane: women, horses, travel. His father becomes increasingly concerned about his frivolous lifestyle. With the death of his mother  and the beginning of World War II, Jolson comes back to earth - and returns to the stage. Once again teamed with manager Steve Martin , Jolson travels the world entertaining troops everywhere from Alaska to Africa. When he finally collapses from exhaustion it takes young, pretty nurse Ellen Clark  to show him there\'s more to life than "just rushing around".'] ['The tragic wreck of the super-tanker Exxon Valdez in Prince William Sound, Alaska on March 24, 1989 was one of the most devastating ecological disasters in recent history. Immediately after the ship ran aground and began pumping over {{convert}} of suffocating oil from its ruptured hold, experts were sent out to assess the damage and clean up the mess. This gripping docudrama tells their story. Much centers on the conflict between local officials, the fishing industry, and the Exxon official sent out to oversee the clean-up and take the rap. With unflinching moral outrage, the filmmakers point out that much of the aftermath could have been minimized had the officials in charge been better prepared and not spent so much time involved in useless red-tape and petty bureaucratic bickering. Most of the film was shot in Vancouver, Richmond and Steveston, British Columbia, but it also utilizes archival film clips of the actual disaster and clean up efforts.'] ['A dissatisfied Navy clerk begins handling secret documents when he is approached by secret Czech intelligence to hand over documents to them. Although he is being black-mailed, he agrees to do so while also being paid for the information. He begins an affair with the secretary who also has access to greater secret documents. Together, the couple continue to procure information for Czech intelligence while getting paid. Soon, the British government gets wind of their betrayal.'] ["Poitier portrays Alan, a Seattle college student who is volunteering at Seattle's then-new Crisis Clinic, a crisis call center. Shortly after beginning his night shift, Alan receives a call from a woman named Inga  who says she has just taken a lethal dose of pills and wants to talk to someone before she dies. The story line follows the efforts of Alan, a psychiatrist  and a detective  to locate the woman and her husband ."] ['Diamond Jim Brady ([[Edward Arnold  is born to an Irish saloonkeeper and his wife in 1856, but is soon orphaned. At the age of thirty, working as baggage master at the Spuyten Duyvil train station, he rents a suit and a diamond from a pawn shop, and gets a job as a salesman; soon, he is the top salesman on the staff. While on a cross-continental sales trip, Brady rescues Mr. Fox  from a crooked salesman, but in the process they are forced to jump from the train. Brady soon discovers that Mr. Fox is trying to sell something called an "undertruck" to be used at railroad stations, so he takes on the product himself. With success, Brady wants to marry his sweetheart, Emma Perry , but finds out that she is engaged. Heartbroken, he devotes all of his energy to the Brady-Fox Company. A grand success, Brady has ostentatious diamond jewelry designed for him, leading to his nickname, "Diamond Jim Brady". Brady spares no expense to indulge his every whim, lavishing money on wine, women, song and especially food. Brady sees singer Lillian Russell  perform, introduces himself, and soon he is promoting her career and flirting with her. Russell, however, is in love with businessman Jerry Richardson . Brady soon meets Jane Matthews , a lookalike for Emma, and is instantly smitten with her. They become engaged, but on the eve of their wedding, Brady gets drunk because of his suspicions about Jane\'s relationship with a banker named "Briggs" who is supposedly her "uncle", and the wedding is called off. Jane remains his friend, but refuses to give in to his occasional proposals &ndash; for one thing, she has fallen in love with Jerry, but neither want to tell Brady for fear of hurting his feelings. When the stock market crashes, Brady loses his fortune, and starts again from scratch, promoting a steel railroad car for its supposed safety. He is injured during a public demonstration of the car, and spends a year recovering in the hospital, while at the same time rebuilding his fortune. When he gets out, he plans a trip to Europe for himself, Jane, Lillian and Jerry, during which he believe he will finally get Jane to marry him. Instead, Jane and Jerry confess their love, the news of which shatters Jim. On the rebound, he proposes to Lillian, but she rejects him as well. Despondent, he returns home and prepares to eat himself to death, but not before burning up all the I.O.U.\'s in his possession.'] ["In Prague, Czech Republic, single mother Helena ([[Isabelle Blais  is seduced by a successful handsome man and travels with him to spend a weekend in Vienna, Austria. He then sells her to Human Traffickers and she is brought to New York to work as a sex slave. In Kiev, Ukraine, sixteen-year-old Nadia  has recently finished school and, without her father's prior consent or knowledge, she enters a modelling competition. She is selected by the bogus model agency to travel to the New York with the other selected candidates, here she is forced into a life of sexual slavery. In Manila, Philippines, twelve-year-old American tourist Annie Gray  is abducted in front of her parents in a busy street by sex traffickers. She is forced into a child brothel which primarily services sex tourists. In common, the girls become victims of a powerful international network of sex traffickers lead by the powerful Sergei Karpovich . In New York, after the third death of young Eastern European prostitutes, obstinate Russian-American NYPD agent Kate Morozov  convinces the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Chief Bill Meehan  to hire her, promising him that she would fight against this type of crime and that he would not regret it."] ['First-time crook Sonny , his friend Sal , and a second accomplice attempt to rob the fictitious First Brooklyn Savings Bank. The plan immediately goes awry when the second accomplice loses his nerve shortly after Sal pulls out his gun, and Sonny is forced to let him flee the scene. In the vault, Sonny discovers that he and Sal have arrived after the daily cash pickup, and only $1,100 in cash remains in the bank. To compensate, Sonny takes a number of traveller\'s cheques, but his attempt to prevent the cheques from being traced by burning the bank\'s register in a trash can causes smoke to billow out the side of the building, alerting the business across the street to suspicious activities. Within minutes, the building is surrounded by the police. Unsure of what to do, the two robbers camp out in the bank, holding all the workers hostage. Police Detective Sergeant Eugene Moretti  calls the bank to tell Sonny that the police have arrived. Sonny warns that he and Sal have hostages and will kill them if anyone tries to come into the bank. Sal tells Sonny that he is ready to kill the hostages if necessary. Detective Moretti acts as hostage negotiator, while FBI Agent Sheldon monitors his actions. Howard, the security guard has an asthma attack, so Sonny releases him when Moretti asks for a hostage as a sign of good faith. Moretti convinces Sonny to step outside the bank to see how aggressive the police forces are. Using head teller Sylvia  as a shield, Sonny exits the bank, and begins a dialogue with Moretti that culminates in his shouting "Attica! Attica!" , and the civilian crowd starts cheering for Sonny. After realizing they cannot make a simple getaway, Sonny demands that a helicopter be landed on the roof to fly him and Sal out of the country. When they\'re informed that the asphalt roof of the bank will not support a helicopter, Sonny demands that a vehicle drive him and Sal to an airport so that they can board a jet. He also demands pizzas for the hostages  and that his wife be brought to the bank. When Sonny\'s wife, Leon Shermer , a pre-operative transsexual, arrives, he reveals to the crowd and officials one of Sonny\'s reasons for robbing the bank is to pay for Leon\'s sex reassignment surgery, and that Sonny also has a legal wife, Angie , and children. As night sets in, the lights in the bank all shut off. Sonny goes outside again and discovers that Agent Sheldon has taken command of the scene. He refuses to give Sonny any more favors, but when the bank manager, Mulvaney , goes into a diabetic shock, Agent Sheldon lets a doctor through. While the doctor is inside the bank, Sheldon convinces Leon to talk to Sonny on the phone. The two have a lengthy conversation that reveals Leon had attempted suicide to "get away from" Sonny. He had been hospitalized at the psychiatric ward of Bellevue Hospital until the police brought him to the scene. Leon turns down Sonny\'s offer to join him and Sal to wherever they take the plane. Sonny tells police listening to the phone call that Leon had nothing to do with the robbery attempt. After the phone call, the doctor asks Sonny to let Mulvaney leave and Sonny agrees. Mulvaney refuses, instead insisting he remain with his employees. The FBI calls Sonny out of the bank again. They have brought his mother to the scene. She unsuccessfully tries to persuade him to give himself up and Agent Sheldon signals that a limousine will arrive in ten minutes to take them to a waiting jet. Once back inside the bank, Sonny writes out his will, leaving money from his life insurance to Leon for his sex change and to his wife Angie. When the limousine arrives, Sonny checks it for any hidden weapons or booby traps. When he decides the car is satisfactory, he settles on Agent Murphy to drive Sonny, Sal, and the remaining hostages to Kennedy Airport. Per Sonny\'s earlier agreement, an additional hostage, Edna  is released, and the remaining hostages get into the limousine with Sonny and Sal. Sonny sits in the front next to Murphy while Sal sits behind them. Murphy repeatedly asks Sal to point his gun at the roof so Sal won\'t accidentally shoot him. As they wait on the airport tarmac for the plane to taxi into position, he again reminds Sal to aim his gun up so he doesn\'t fire by accident. Sal does so, Agent Sheldon forces Sonny\'s weapon onto the dashboard, creating a distraction which allows Murphy to pull a revolver hidden in his armrest and shoot Sal in the head. Sonny is immediately arrested and the hostages are all escorted to the terminal. The film ends with Sonny watching Sal\'s body being taken from the car on a stretcher. Subtitles reveal that Sonny was sentenced to 20 years in prison; Angie and her children subsisted on welfare; and Leon had sex reassignment surgery.'] ['Matty Dean , a young gay man, arrives in New York City by bus and immediately heads for Greenwich Village. There he falls in with drag queen La Miranda  and friends, who take him to the Stonewall Inn. There is a police raid and Mattie and La Miranda are arrested. They are bailed out by Bostonia , who is the African-American "mother" of the family of queens who hang out at the Stonewall. Bostonia is the secret lover of Vinnie , the deeply closeted mafioso who runs the Stonewall. Matty and La Miranda go back to La Miranda\'s place where she receives her draft notice. They talk all night until Matty leaves to attend a meeting of the Mattachine Society, where he meets Burt  and Ethan , who he\'d bumped into the night before while Ethan was distributing leaflets. The group is planning a picket at Independence Hall in Philadelphia. Ethan and Matty spend some time together after the meeting until Matty goes to meet La Miranda. They witness an initiation of sorts as a young man named José becomes the drag queen Camelia. After the ceremony they return to La Miranda\'s place and make love. Matty Dean spends more time with Ethan, who is a writer under a pseudonym for a homophile magazine. They flirt and become infatuated. La Miranda reports to the induction center in full drag and is ordered to go for psychological evaluation. La Miranda is terrified because of former bad experiences with psychiatrists, so Matty dons her clothes and meets with the doctor in her place, securing a rejection from military service for her as a "sexual deviant." On the subway ride home, Matty tells La Miranda he loves her. At a Mattachine meeting, Matty is disgusted by the guest speaker, a psychiatrist who discourses on the then-current disease model of homosexuality, and leaves. After the meeting Burt, Ethan and Matty argue about it on their way to meet with a reporter and photographer from the Village Voice newspaper. The group stages a "sip-in," trying to illustrate discriminatory alcohol service laws by being refused service but no one refuses to serve them until they go to the Stonewall. At the bar La Miranda and Ethan meet and Ethan treats her mockingly. La Miranda realizes that Matty hasn\'t told his Mattachine friends about her and storms out. Matty follows and they argue about La Miranda\'s refusal to conform and Matty\'s feeling the need to be with more masculine men. Matty seeks out Ethan and they begin an affair. Vinnie takes Bostonia to an isolated rooftop. He points out a clinic he calls the "Palace of Dreams" and tells her that he wants her to have sex reassignment surgery so that they can marry. Bostonia is vehemently opposed to this, declaring herself to be "a chick with a dick who ain\'t done with her dick yet." Vinnie is miserable and Bostonia reaches to comfort him, but Vinnie is terrified that someone will spot them through one of the distant windows. Following the Philadelphia picket, Ethan takes Matty to Fire Island, which Ethan describes as "heaven." "Heaven" includes such repressive features as men not being allowed to dance face-to-face, not being allowed to dance at all unless there\'s a woman on the dance floor and police performing random beach checks for "suggestive" bathing costumes. Given the choice between Ethan\'s acceptance of that sort of discrimination and La Miranda\'s defiance, Matty chooses La Miranda and they reconcile. It is the day of Judy Garland\'s death. Bostonia watches the television coverage, very depressed. To cheer her up, Vinnie takes her out in full drag in public for the first time. They have ice cream at a fancy restaurant, their open affection drawing disapproving stares from the other patrons, until asked to leave by the manager. As they wake up together the next morning, Vinnie asks Bostonia if he\'s ever told her that he loves her. She says no. Vinnie suddenly commits suicide with a bullet through the head and Bostonia becomes hysterical. Vinnie has left her a large amount of cash and scrawled "I LOVE YOU" on a mirror in lipstick. That night at the Stonewall there\'s another raid. Several of the queens are arrested, including Bostonia. As she\'s led out, the arresting officer says "Poor little faggot don\'t know whether to kill me or kiss me." Bostonia smashes him in the face, saying "I guess I made up my mind." She is attacked by other cops and other queens fight back, touching off the riots that would mark the beginning of the gay community\'s advocacy movement for its rights.'] ['The somewhat fictionalised version of the true story is set in Stalag Luft III—the same POW camp where the real events depicted in the film The Great Escape took place—and involved Williams, Michael Codner and Oliver Philpot, all inmates of the camp. In the book and film, the escapees are renamed "Flight Lieutenant Peter Howard", "Captain John Clinton" and "Phil". The prisoners are faced with the problem of digging an escape tunnel despite the accommodation huts, within which the tunnel entrance could be concealed, being a considerable distance from the perimeter fence. They came up with an ingenious way of digging the tunnel with its entrance located in the middle of an open area relatively near the perimeter fence and using a vaulting horse  to cover the entrance. Recruiting fellow-prisoners to form a team of vaulters, each day they carry the horse out to the same spot, with a man hidden inside. The prisoners begin a gymnastic exercise using the vaulting horse, while the concealed man digs down below the horse. At the finish of the exercises, the digger places wooden boards, cut to fit the aperture, in the hole, and fills the space with sandbags and dry sand kept for the purpose - wet sand taken from below the surface would be darker and hence give away the activities. Eventually, as the tunnel lengthens, two men are hidden inside the horse while a larger group of men exercised, the two men continuing the tunnel digging. At the end of the day, they again conceal the tunnel entrance and hide inside the horse while it is carried back to their hut. They also devise a method of disposing of the earth coming out of the tunnel. They recruit a third man, Phil, to assist them, with the promise that he will join the escape. At the final breakout, Howard hides in the tunnel during an Appell , before three men are carried over in the horse: the third to replace the tunnel trap. Howard and Clinton travel by train to the Baltic port of Lübeck; . Phil elects to travel alone, posing as a Norwegian margarine manufacturer and travelling by train via Danzig . He was the first to make it to neutral territory. Howard and Clinton contact French workers and through them meet \'Sigmund\', a Danish resistance worker who smuggles them onto a Swedish ship. They have to leave by rowing boat and arrive in Copenhagen, before being shipped to Sweden. There they meet Phil, who arrived earlier. Some details from Williams\' book were not used in the film, e.g. the escaped POWs discussing the possibility of visiting potentially neutral "whorehouses" in Germany.'] ["George Hogg  is a young British journalist from Hertfordshire in England. In 1938, during the early days of the Japanese occupation of China, he sneaks into Nanjing, China, by pretending to be a Red Cross aid worker. Arriving in Nanjing, Hogg witnesses and photographs the poverty, ruins, and corpses on the streets. He proceeds to write a daily journal about his findings when he is interrupted by the sounds from outside. Upon peering outside the window, Hogg witnesses Japanese soldiers round up Chinese refugees and proceed to massacre the group. He anxiously takes photos of this event by the window. Later on at night,Hogg is captured by the Japanese while photographing them committing atrocities. He is about to be executed when Chen Hansheng , a Chinese communist resistance fighter, saves him. While hiding in the rubble with Hansheng, Hogg witnesses the execution of two of his colleagues by the Japanese. Overwhelmed by shock, he inadvertently reveals their presence. A firefight ensues, and Hogg is wounded. He wakes up to Lee Pearson, , checking on his wounds and discovers he has been brought to a rebel camp. With nowhere to go for now, Hansheng tells Hogg, on Lee's suggestion, to rest at an orphanage housing 56 young boys and only an aged grandmother to take care of them. However, on the night of arrival, he is called out by one of the boys to a strange location and is savagely attacked with sticks by the orphans. Thankfully, Lee arrives just in time and threatens to abandon the boys, leaving them without medical supplies or food. Lee explains to Hogg that she runs the orphanage and drops by from time to time with supplies. The next day, at Lee's insistence, Hogg helps her to convince the boys that the treatment of lice by flea powder does not hurt. Lee's demonstration of the treatment on a naked Hoggs in the middle of the courtyard manages to convince the boys and they all promptly accept treatment. However, Lee asks Hogg to take care of the boys and states that she will be leaving for two months from March to May. Lee also leaves Hogg and the orphans with a donkey. However, Hogg replies that he has no intention to stay at the orphanage, but instead go to the front lines to write and spread the word about the war. As Hogg is leaving, he spots the grandmother looking down at Hogg and reflects on his short memory at the orphanage. Reluctantly, he returns to take care of the children. Over the course of the next few days Hogg gains the boys' respect by repairing the lighting, cleaning up the old school , and being their teacher. However, as for food, the grandmother had previously shown Hogg with a handful of maggot-infested rice, that there was close to nothing to feed the boys. So hogg makes a trip to town with one of the boys to seek a wellknown and wealthy lady, Mrs. Wang,, with a business deal in mind. Hogg proposes to Mrs. Wang that he can provide her with vegetables if she supplies him with food and seeds for now. Mrs. Wang tests Hogg to see if he had the skill and knowledge to do so by asking him to identify certain seeds. Hogg passes the test easily and returns with the boy to the orphanage leading his donkey full of food and seeds. He starts to plow the land beside the orphanage and with the help of one of the orphans, successfully grows a flourishing vegetable garden along with beautiful and tall stalks of sunflowers. Fleeing from the nationalists who want to conscript the boys into their army to fight the Japanese, they make a three-month journey across the snow-bound Liu Pan Shan mountains to safety on the edge of the Mongolian desert, the first 900&nbsp;km on foot. To their relief, for the last part of the journey they are supplied with four trucks. At the destination they are supplied with a building that they turn into a new orphanage. In 1945 Hogg dies of tetanus. This was foreshadowed by Lee, when she had described the horrors of the disease to him earlier. The film features the Rape of Nanking{{cite web}} and the Sankō Sakusen,{{cite news}} and ends with a few brief interview snippets with some of the surviving orphans."] ['The film is presented in a nonlinear narrative, jumping back and forth between McCandless\'s time spent in Alaskan wilderness and his two-year travels leading up to his journey to Alaska. The plot summary here is told in a more chronological order. In May 1992, Christopher McCandless  arrives in a remote area just north of the Denali National Park and Preserve in Alaska and sets up a campsite in an abandoned bus. At first, McCandless is content with the isolation, the beauty of nature around him, and the thrill of living off the land. He hunts wild animals with a .22 caliber rifle, reads books, and keeps a diary of his thoughts as he prepares for himself a new life in the wild. Two years earlier in May 1990, McCandless graduated with high honors from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Shortly afterwards, McCandless rejects his conventional life by destroying all of his credit cards and identification documents. He donates nearly all of his entire savings of $24,000 to Oxfam and sets out on a cross-country drive in his well-used, but reliable Datsun to experience life in the wilderness. However, McCandless does not tell his parents Walt  and Billie McCandless  nor his sister Carine  what he is doing or where he is going, and refuses to keep in touch with them after his departure, leaving them to become increasingly anxious and eventually desperate. At Lake Mead, Arizona, McCandless\' car is caught in a flash flood causing him to abandon it and begin hitchhiking instead. He burns what remains of his dwindling cash supply and assumes a new name: "Alexander Supertramp." In Northern California, McCandless encounters a hippie couple named Jan Burres  and Rainey . Rainey tells McCandless about his failing relationship with Jan, which McCandless would rekindle. By September, McCandless stops in Carthage, South Dakota to work for a contract harvesting company owned by Wayne Westerberg , but he is forced to leave after Westerberg is arrested for satellite piracy. McCandless then travels to the Colorado River and, though told by park rangers that he may not kayak down the river without a license, ignores their warnings and paddles downriver until he eventually arrives in Mexico. There, his kayak is lost in a dust storm and he crosses back into the United States on foot. Unable to hitchhike, he starts traveling on freight trains to Los Angeles, California. Not long after arriving, however, he starts feeling "corrupted" by modern civilization and decides to leave. Later, McCandless is forced to switch his traveling method back to hitchhiking after he is beaten by the railroad police. In December 1991, McCandless arrives at Slab City in the Imperial Valley region of California, and encounters Jan and Rainey again. There, he meets Tracy Tatro , a teenage girl who shows interest in McCandless, but he rejects her because she is underage. After the holidays, McCandless decides to continue heading for Alaska, much to everyone\'s sadness. While camping near Salton City, California, McCandless encounters Ron Franz , a retired man who recounts the story of the loss of his family in a car accident while he was serving in the United States Army. He now occupies his time in a workshop as an amateur leather worker. Franz teaches McCandless the craft of leatherwork, resulting in the making of a belt that details McCandless\' travels. After spending several months with Franz, McCandless decides to leave for Alaska despite Franz\'s upset, who has become quite close to McCandless. On a parting note, Franz gives McCandless his old camping and travel gear along with the offer to adopt him as his grandchild, but McCandless simply tells him that they should discuss this after he returns from Alaska; then departs. Four months later at the abandoned bus, life for McCandless becomes harder and he becomes less discerning. As his supplies begin to run out, he realizes that nature is also harsh and uncaring. In the pain of realization, McCandless concludes that true happiness can only be found when shared with others and seeks to return from the wild to his friends and family. However, he finds that the stream he had crossed during the winter has become wide, deep, and violent due to the thaw, and he is unable to cross. Saddened, he returns to the bus, now as a prisoner who is no longer in control of his fate and can only hope for help from the outside. In a desperate act, McCandless is forced to gather and eat roots and plants, but he confuses similar plants and eat a poisonous one, thus as a result falls sick. Slowly dying, he continues to document his process of self-realization and accepts his fate, as he imagines his family for one last time. He writes a farewell to the world and crawls into his sleeping bag to die. Two weeks later, his body is found by moose hunters. Shortly afterwards, Carine returns her brother\'s ashes by airplane from Alaska to Virginia in her backpack.'] ["After the end of World War I, due to the Treaty of Versailles, an old German mine is split in two because of the new border, and the mine is closed off at the border, including an underground mine. The economic downturn and employment situation adds to tension between the two countries as German workers seek employment with the French but are turned away. In the French part of the mine a fire breaks out and they try to contain the fire by building brick walls. The Germans continue to work on their side. Nonetheless the fire gets out of control, causing an explosion that traps many French miners. In response, Wittkopp ([[Ernst Busch  appeals to his bosses to send a rescue team. As they ride out of town to help, the leader of the German rescue effort explains to his wife that the French are men with women and children and he would hope that they would come to his aid in similar circumstances. Meanwhile, a trio of German miners breaks through a set of steel bars that mark the 1919 border. On the French side, an old retired miner  sneaks into the shaft hoping to rescue his young grandson . The miners forget their nationalities and past troubles and try to build a new camaraderie on the foundation of human solidarity. The Germans successfully rescue the French miners, not without some interesting difficulties. After all the survivors are rescued, there's a big party with speeches about friendship between the French and Germans. The film shows a new idealistic unity between the miners, despite the political and nationalistic obstacles that still remain. At the end, ironically, French officials rebuild the mining gate, and return to the status quo ante."] ["In 2005, Steve Lopez  is a journalist working for the L.A. Times. He is divorced and now works for his ex-wife, Mary , an editor. A biking accident lands Lopez in a hospital. One day, he hears a violin being played beautifully. Investigating, he encounters Nathaniel Ayers , a homeless schizophrenic, who is playing a violin when Lopez introduces himself. During the conversation that follows, Lopez learns that Ayers once attended Juilliard. Curious as to how a former student of such a prestigious school ended up on the streets, Lopez contacts Juilliard but learns that no record of Ayers graduating from it exists. Though at first figuring a schizophrenic who's talented with a violin isn't worth his time, Lopez soon realizes that he has no better story to write about. Luckily, he soon learns that Ayers did attend Juilliard, but dropped out after two years. Finding Ayers the next day, Lopez says he wants to write about him. Ayers doesn't appear to be paying attention. Getting nowhere, Lopez finds and contacts Ayers' sister , who gives the columnist the information he needs: Ayers was once a child prodigy, until he began displaying symptoms of schizophrenia at Juilliard. Unable to handle the voices, Ayers dropped out and ended up on the streets. Lopez writes his article. One reader is so touched, she sends him a cello for Ayers. Lopez brings it to him and Ayers is shown to be just as proficient as with a violin. Unfortunately, his tendency to wander puts both Ayers and the cello in danger, so Lopez talks him into leaving it at a shelter, located in a neighborhood of homeless people. Ayers is later seen playing for the homeless. A concerned Lopez tries to get a doctor he knows  to help. He also tries to talk Ayers into getting an apartment, but Ayers refuses. After seeing a reaction to music played at an opera house, Lopez persuades another friend, Graham , a cellist, to rehabilitate Ayers through music. The lessons go well, though Ayers is shown to be getting a little too attached to Lopez, much to the latter's annoyance. Lopez eventually talks Ayers into moving into an apartment by threatening to abandon him. Lopez' article on Ayers gains so much fame, Ayers is given the chance to perform a recital. Sadly, he loses his temper, attacks Graham and leaves. This convinces Lopez' doctor friend to get Ayers some help. But when Ayers learns what Lopez is up to, he throws Lopez out of his apartment and threatens to kill him. While speaking with Mary, Lopez realizes that not only has he changed Ayers' life, Ayers has changed him. Determined to make amends, Lopez brings Ayers' sister to L.A. for a visit. Ayers and Lopez make up. Later, while all watch an orchestra, Lopez ponders how beneficial their friendship has been. Ayers still hears voices, but at least he no longer lives on the streets. In addition, Ayers has helped Lopez's relationship with his own family. It is revealed in the end that Ayers is still a member of the LAMP Community and that Lopez is learning how to play the guitar."] ['{{Main}} The movie of Rosewood relates the historical events of a January 1923 race riot in Rosewood, Florida, in which whites attacked blacks and burned the town down. A mentally unstable white woman, Fanny Taylor, claims to have been beaten by a black man. Historical accounts note that this was never proven. The movie shows a white man, not Fanny’s husband, in her bedroom where they have sex. Shortly after he finishes, he prepares to go back to work. She gets upset and hits him inciting him to beat her. Some black workers outside heard the events but did nothing. When they told about it, their account of a white man beating Fanny was not believed. Singleton presents it as looking as if Fanny was covering up her cheating on her husband by blaming it on a black man. The white residents readily believe Fanny\'s account, demonstrating the power of racial stereotyping and fears. The black residents of Rosewood quickly become targeted by the white males of nearby Sumner, Florida and others who arrive for a fight, including members of the Ku Klux Klan. Mobs formed swiftly. The movie features the fictional character of Mann, played by Ving Rhames. Mann is a WWI veteran who is traveling around in search of land. He meets and falls in love with a woman in Rosewood named Beulah or "Scrappie" and has stayed there. After Fanny tells her story of rape, Mann leaves town. He is afraid of being lynched as a suspected stranger. He hears stories of the attacks and returns to the town to save the woman he loves, together with children she cares for. After the whites started generally attacking and killing blacks, all of the blacks fled from Rosewood or were killed. First the women and children fled, followed by men who survived. People left their homes and land and all of their possessions behind to get away from the murderous white men that raided their town . Some white men who lived in Rosewood helped black people escape from the mob. Railroad conductors smuggled people out of town on the rail cars that ran nearby. In the movie, Voigt as Wright asks the train conductors to pick up the women and children. Other blacks took refuge in white people’s homes, including Wright\'s. Racism was shown by the mob\'s avoiding Wright\'s house but burning down those of blacks. They did not bother with known white houses. Although it was dangerous for them to do, some white men like Wright protected blacks from death. In the movie, the mob believed James Carrier held information about the escaped convict Jesse Hunter. Wright let the Sheriff take Carrier, because the officer said he only wanted to question him. When Carrier said he didn\'t have any information, he was shot immediately by one of the mob. Wright gets upset and the mob accuses him of being soft on blacks. The scene shows that most of the white men didn\'t agree with what was going on, but were too afraid to face the mob. The movie portrayed towns near Sumner trying to prevent the violence from spreading. At one point the men of Sumner were following the trail of some men. But when they get to the border between their town and the next one over, white men stopped them. They protected their black citizens, saying they are law abiding and peaceful, and Singleton demonstrated that not everyone agreed with the riot. As word spread to the federal government and national newspapers, the media splintered in its portrayal of events. Some portrayed the murder at Sylvester Carrier\'s as appropriate to stop the black men from arming. They relied on rumors and fear. Southern white newspapers explained mob\'s actions as the way to avenge the rape of Fanny and keep blacks in their place. The Afro-American newspapers encouraged blacks and praised them for staying behind to defend their homes and property. Officially the death toll was eight people total, two whites and six blacks. Other accounts by survivors and the Afro-American newspapers were of a higher toll. The movie portrayed the newspapers as contributing to the riot; men came from neighboring towns and even states to put down the riot. At the end of the movie, a narrative states that some blacks and one white testified as witnesses in court in the a 1990s suit of survivors against the state for its failure to protect the people of Rosewood.  This was followed by a state investigation and report. Florida was the first state to pay reparations to survivors and their descendants for a racial riot.'] ["The film tells of Sally a filmmaker and screenwriter who is suffering from writer's block. She is also dissatisfied with her film project, a murder mystery called Rage, which focuses on the fashion industry. She takes a break and travels to Paris, where she sees the dancer Pablo  performing tango. She becomes obsessed with the dance and offers Pablo a part in her film in exchange for dance lessons. The two become deeply involved as dancers and as lovers, and their emotional intimacy threatens the success of their dancing together. The film explores the conflict between the woman dancer accepting the man's lead in the dance, while the man must accept the woman's lead in the film. It is also a love story, as well as a showcase for Verón's dancing."] ['The New York Times wrote this summary overview: "Dana Delany stars in this made-for-TV movie as Margaret Sanger, a nurse who, in 1914, became a pioneering crusader for women\'s reproductive rights after she published a booklet on birth control techniques that flew in the face of a law established by Anthony Comstock  forbidding the dissemination of information on contraception. Sanger later helped to establish America\'s first birth control clinic in 1916, and in 1925 was one of the founders of Planned Parenthood."{{cite news}}'] ['Two rookie policemen, Dave Greenberg and Rob Hantz, straight out of the NYPD police academy, want to do more than traffic control. They have their own ideas about fighting crime against drug dealers, criminals and corrupt cops in Brooklyn.'] ['The film tells the story of the seven-year hunt by forensic specialist Viktor Burakov for the person who mutilated and murdered over 50 children and young women. Burakov is aided, covertly at first, by his commanding officer, Col. Mikhail Fetisov and later by Dr. Alexandr Bukhanovsky, a psychiatrist. As well as being in the form of a crime thriller, the movie depicts Soviet propaganda and bureaucracy contributing to the failure to capture the killer; his crimes were not widely reported for fear of revealing that such things ever occurred in the USSR.'] ['The story begins in February 1988, in a flight simulator with two pilots facing the challenge of landing a crippled jet that experiences a cabin decompression, an engine fire and a loss of hydraulics. The three emergency situations foreshadow the events of Paradise Airlines 243, taking place two months later. The story follows three crew members. *Madeleine "Mimi" Tompkins, a First Officer pilot for Paradise Airlines, who has been selected for training to become a full Captain in the airline, having been the first female pilot to be hired by Paradise in 1979. *Captain Robert "Bob" Schornstheimer, introduced relaxing on his private boat with his wife. *Flight attendant Michelle Honda, shown with her young daughter of whom she paints a portrait wearing traditional Hawaiian costume. Paradise Airlines Flight 243 is an inter-island flight from Honolulu to Hilo, with a return to Honolulu the same day. The characters are developed during several scenes set during the layover, and passengers are introduced to the audience during check-in scenes. The flight then takes off over Hilo, and soon beverage service begins. During that time nothing out of the ordinary occurs, but soon after David - a young boy travelling with his mother - calls the lead flight attendant, C.B. and asks her about the crack appearing in the ceiling. At that moment, chaos breaks loose and the entire front and top half section of the plane apart from the cockpit and cargo hold, blows off in a clean cut. In the mess, Michelle falls to the floor and clings to a passenger\'s seat, C.B. is blown from the aircraft, and passengers are badly injured from debris and decompression. The third flight attendant Jane sustains serious head injuries, is thrown to the ground and clings to life and to other passengers to avoid the same fate as C.B. The cockpit is unaware of the full scale of the disaster and believe a bomb or decompression has occurred. Soon passengers seated in the section that wasn\'t swept away have oxygen masks fall but it is useless as all the lines were destroyed. But the plane was at a low altitude thus it hadn\'t affected them as badly. Mimi and Bob contact Kahului Airport for an emergency deceleration. Soon, the pilots are faced with the fact they may crash and passengers may die, and both Mimi and Bob have flashbacks to her training days and his Air Force, respectively. Michelle has a flashback to walking the shoreline with her father who as a soldier in the Army, has died. Jane\'s injuries worsen and Michelle struggles to climb to her and help her. Later, she also feels she might lose it from the chaos and picks up the call phone only to find it dead. Dorothy leans out of the plane and appears to have a state of shock before George notices and pulls her back in the plane. Michelle then begins to instruct the passengers on a possible crash landing or water landing and passes out life jackets. Gail becomes hysterical when she cannot get a life jacket for David, but soon is calmed by Michelle. Roy panics when he sees hydraulic fluid leaking from the wings. The tower alerts Kahului Fire and Rescue personnel and they arrive before the crippled jet lands. Finally after several tense minutes, Mimi and Bob are able to figure out a plan for the emergency. After some time, the plane lands but with difficulties in the brakes to the vessel and hydraulics. The pilots were worried that the landing might result in a broken plane and fire, but miraculously their landing resulted in no deaths and the emergency notification allowed crews to treat and evacuate passengers immediately.'] ['Michèle and Marie-Louise  are alone in the country house owned by their employers, the Lapeyres. They have not been paid any wages for three years, but the Lapeyres have promised them ownership of the chicken-house attached to their property; now, however, they intend to sell it entirely, leaving the girls with nothing. Michèle and Marie-Louise argue, fight and make up, meanwhile allowing the house to fall into ruin. Suddenly the Lapeyres return, earlier than expected. The girls rebel, disobeying the Lapeyres and tormenting them, especially their adult daughter Elisabeth, who appears to have a lesbian attachment to Marie-Louise, though she is married. Her husband Philippe arrives, bringing with him buyers for the house; Michèle and Marie-Louise are cowed into submission and serve coffee while the deal is signed. Once this is done, however, they break out again, first locking themselves in the kitchen quarters then attacking Elisabeth and Mme Lapeyre and murdering them with a kitchen knife and a flat iron. The film ends with a caption, making explicit reference to the Papin sisters.'] ['Jerry Lee Lewis  plays piano  during rock \'n\' roll\'s early years from 1956 to 1958. Jerry Lee is a man with many different sides: a skilled performer with little discipline, and an alcoholic. As Jerry Lee rises to the top of the charts with such hits as "Crazy Arms", "Whole Lotta Shakin\' Goin On", and "Great Balls of Fire", he falls in love with Myra Gale Brown , the 13-year-old daughter of his first cousin  J. W. Brown ([[John Doe , and eventually marries her, ([[elopement , much to the anger and chagrin of her parents. A subplot deals with Jerry Lee\'s relationship with another cousin, evangelist Jimmy Swaggart , who, during this period, was a struggling Pentacostal preacher. Jimmy\'s career kept him in constant conflict with his cousin\'s wild rock \'n\' roll career and brings out some uncomfortable exchanges between the two. The now-financially successful Jerry Lee buys a new car and gives it to his cousin, and when Jimmy praises the Lord for the gift, Jerry Lee replies, "Don\'t thank Jesus, thank Jerry Lee Lewis!" While Jerry Lee is touring in England, a British reporter discovers he is married to his teenage cousin. Jerry Lee is then condemned as a child molester and a pervert by the public. As a result, his British tour is cancelled and he is deported from England. It doesn\'t diminish Jerry Lee\'s confidence that his career will continue. However, the scandal follows him back to the States. Jerry Lee resigns to alcoholism when record sales and concert attendances are significantly down. He is furious when requested to print a public apology in Billboard and becomes increasingly abusive toward Myra. It was during one of these abusive episodes that Myra informs Jerry Lee that she is pregnant, and he collapses into Myra\'s arms, crying hysterically. Jerry Lee and Myra attend a church service conducted by Swaggart. When Jimmy offers one more chance to become saved and get right with God, Jerry Lee again refuses, declaring, "If I\'m going to hell, I\'m going there playing the piano!" The caption preceding the closing credits reads, "Jerry Lee Lewis is playing his heart out somewhere in America tonight."'] ["Jeanne Fabre, a carefree loner, spends her time rollerblading through Paris and job-hunting, a nuisance she endures to indulge her widowed mother, Louise, who runs a day-care center out of their house. As they are watching a news program on television about anti-semitic attacks, Louise recognizes the person on TV: Samuel Bleistein, a prestigious Jewish lawyer, who was many years ago in love with her. Louise arranges a job interview for her daughter at Bleistein’s law firm. On his part, Samuel Bleistein receives the visit of his son Alex, who has comes to Paris to celebrate his son Nathan’s upcoming Bar mitzvah. Alex's encounter with his ex-wife Judith, who is Samuel’s assistant, is tense since they do no get along. Jeanne’s job interview is a disaster. Evidently she is ill qualified and badly prepared. Unfazed by the interview, Jeanne resumes rollerblading and unexpectedly meets Franck a young wrestler, who takes an instant interest on her. A relationship ensues and the couple eventually move-in together when Franck finds a job as the caretaker in an electrical shop in the owner’s absence. The place turns out to contain hidden drugs and Franck is badly wounded in a fight with a drug dealer, who flees. The police let Jeanne go but arrest Franck, who rejects her when she visits him at the hospital. He knows she was lying the whole time during the relationship about having a job. Heartbroken and angered, she goes home to live with her mother. During the night, she wakes up from her bed and grabs a black marker. Drawing three swastikas on her body, she then grabs a knife and proceeds to cut herself. She then grabs a pair of scissors and cuts off part of her hair. She then sneaks quietly outside into the night. She alleges to have been brutally attacked by hoodlums on the RER suburban train because they thought she was Jewish. The incident becomes a huge national cause celebre. Louise, however, guesses that her daughter has been lying. Meanwhile Alex, indisposed towards his ex wife, decides not to go to Nathan’s upcoming Bar Mitzvah. Judith begs him to reconsider. Behind their mutual apparent animosity, they still love each other. At his hotel room, they make love and reconcile. Louise, convinced that her daughter is lying about the attack on the train, asks Samuel for help. Samuel suggests that they hear this through, and wants her to come and stay at his house for the night. Louise and Jeanne board a train and travel to meet Samuel and his family at his house country by a lake. At Samuel’s house, Nathan accuses Jeanne of lying about the whole affair. When all gather for dinner, Jeanne repeats the same story she told the police: that six youths approached her and, assuming she was Jewish , proceeded to beat her. After some extensive questioning, she decides to call it a night, but runs away and crosses a lake. Nathan helps Jeanne when it starts to rain hard and invites her into his little shack, a safe haven to get away from his parents once in a while. He notices she is all wet, and has her take off her clothes. Jeanne strips down and sits next to the fireplace with Nathan. She shows him her scars, as he still does not believe her story, but confesses in the end she made it up. Nathan convinces her to confess she lied. The next morning Jeanne tells the truth. Samuel has her write an apology. They travel back to Paris by train and Samuel and Louise share one more goodbye. Jeanne goes to the police and is put in jail for 48 hours as punishment for her serious false statements. When Franck is interviewed about Jeanne, Franck says he was in love with her, despite her lying, and would do it all over again given the chance. Samuel attends Nathan’s Bar Mitzvah, where he sees the television footage of the reporters interviewing Louise. When they asked about how her daughter knew the name of Bleistein Louise lies and says she does not know. Jeanne returns to live with her mother. She receives a postcard from Nathan, who is in love with her. Jeanne takes on rollerblading down the street."] ["The film is told through the perspectives of Scott and Laci Peterson's friends, who trusted and supported Scott until they could not believe him anymore. Laci Peterson was a pregnant mother-to-be. On Christmas Eve, she disappeared. Her husband Scott Peterson , and her family go out to search for Laci, but there are no signs of her anywhere. Months go by, but the media and the public begin to suspect that Scott murdered his wife. The Rocha family support and defend Scott, until Scott's mistress Amber Frey  comes forward at a press conference and admits to an affair with Scott. The Rochas start to doubt Scott's innocence, especially Laci's mother, Sharon , who had always believed Scott to be the perfect husband. Finally, the Rocha family publicly announce that they are against Scott. In 2003, the body of Laci and Scott's unborn son washed up on shore: the remains of a torso later identified as Laci washed up a few miles away from the baby's remains, and the two were officially declared murdered. Scott was arrested."] ['The story follows the saga of a 35-year old teacher who quickly falls in love with a 13-year old student she comes to believe is her soul mate. The 13-year old student is a troubled artist Vili . Their relationship begins in Mary Kay\'s classroom, when she sees that Vili is a very talented artist. She later confides in him that her father, whom she loves very much, has cancer. Her husband, Steve Letourneau, was not supportive by this information at all, simply asking Mary Kay sarcastically what he was supposed to do about it. As Mary Kay begins to trust Vili more and more, the more his forceful his flirtation becomes. In addition to being a married woman, Mary Kay also has four children. When the relationship becomes serious with Vili, they begin to have inappropriate intercourse over a period of a few months. This affair results in Mary Kay\'s unexpected pregnancy, when before Mary Kay said that she couldn\'t have any more children. Mary Kay\'s husband has suspicions about the relationship, but does not say anything. Vili buys Mary Kay a pager, and they continue a sexual relationship. Steve, Mary Kay\'s husband, soon finds out about the pregnancy, and is very angry that she tried to pass it off as his child. He hits Mary Kay, and it is left for her oldest son to call 911. When she goes to the hospital, Vili is there to see her, and she tells him that nobody can know what went on between them, and that, "...not even a kiss can be told..." Vili says that he will not tell on her and shows her a drawing that he made of a heart, and that someday he hopes they can be together. Mary Kay is arrested soon after that after Vili refuses to stop seeing her. Steve calls the police and Mary Kay is taken away while teaching a class at school. After a forcible confession from both Mary Kay and Vili, Mary Kay is ultimately sent to prison for the rape of a minor. The reason that Vili broke was because he was told that he would not be in any trouble. Mary Kay is eventually released after pleading her case to a sympathetic judge, who is adamant that Mary Kay be sent to treatment and not have any contact with Vili. The judge then explains to her that if Mary Kay violates her parole conditions, the original sentence of seven years would remain intact for her to adhere to. Mary Kay and Vili continue to speak on the phone, however, and on the day she is released, Vili sent Mary Kay their number code for "I want you". Vili tries to get Mary Kay to skip town with him so that they can be together. Mary Kay refuses, saying that, despite the fact that her husband divorced her and that he took her kids away, they will still need her. Finally, Mary Kay finds a way to see Vili in public in a mall by wearing a hat and sunglasses. Vili playfully remarks that Mary Kay looks a bit older, much to her discouragement. Mary Kay tells Vili that she has a present for him, and very soon they are having sex again. She finally consents to leaving town with him soon after. Shortly after affirming that she will leave town with her child lover, she and Vili are ultimately found in the back of a car seat together with a passport, a large sum of money and baby clothes, presumably for the baby girl Vili had fathered with Mary Kay. Mary Kay was given a prison sentence, and was released in August 2004. In October 1998, she bore Vili\'s second child in prison.'] ['A series of intertwining tales involve "pleasure seekers and pleasure providers" during the course of one night in Geylang, Singapore\'s red-light district. There are three distinct stories, united only by the presence of characters from all the stories in a streetside eatery: *Jonathan, who has yet to lose his virginity, is escorted around Geylang by his army buddy, Kiat, who wants to help his friend make his passage into manhood. The two men visit various brothels, where the touts bestow the various qualities and nationalities of their women, who hail from China, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, India and elsewhere. Jonathan eventually settles on a young Chinese woman whom he envisions being wrapped in a towel. *A teenage girl is called to meet an older prostitute in a hotel room, where the older woman, Linda, is servicing a heavyset older man, who wants to take the younger girl\'s virginity. The girl is followed to the hotel by a young man named Chris. When she goes in the hotel room, Chris sits outside and waits. *A woman in a red dress gets in a convertible with a man. She later shows up at the streetside restaurant and pays a young busker for his "special song", which he doesn\'t end up singing, and instead is taken back to the woman\'s room.'] ["High school student Paula Crisostomo , is tired of being treated unequally. She meets a group of student activists from around East Los Angeles and they decide to try to change the way students are treated. They are punished for speaking Spanish in school, their bathrooms are locked during lunch, they are forced to do janitorial work as a punishment and many in the high school administrations actively dissuade the less promising students from attending college. Inspired by her Chicano teacher Sal Castro  and despite opposition from her father , Paula joins in and helps hand out surveys to students to suggest improvements to the schools. Each East LA high school has two or three students who are in the group; Paula particularly becomes interested in Robert . However, the school board refuses to consider the suggestions so Paula urges the students to walk out of school. The police find out and the principal threatens to expel Paula if she walks out. 5 East LA schools successfully walk out and the school board says they might consider their demands, but Paula's father throws her out of the house for her role in the walkout. The students decide to walk out in only half of the schools the next day, but the police arrest and beat the protesters. None of the footage appears on the news and the students are painted as violent agitators with Communist ties. Paula decides to invite the students' families to the protests, hoping their presence will deter police brutality. When the students walk out again their families come to support them and it appears that they have won when the school board agrees to hear their complaints. Paula invites Robert to prom, but while she is getting ready the police suddenly arrest 12 of the leaders of the student movement, When Paula goes to Sal for advice she discovers that Robert  has arrested him. The students are charged with conspiracy to disrupt a school with a maximum penalty of 66 years. Paula is defeated, but her father urges her not to give up and she helps to stage a massive protest outside the jail. Robert is on duty there and tries to stop her, but she continues leading the crowd until all 12 students and Sal are released."] ['U.S. Navy Lieutenant, junior grade John F. Kennedy  uses his family\'s influence to get himself assigned to the fighting in the Solomon Islands in the Pacific Theater during World War II, much to the surprise of Commander C.R. Ritchie ([[James Gregory . Kennedy lobbies for command of a PT Boat, and is assigned to the "109", a badly-damaged boat that is in dire need of repair and overhaul. Initially, Ritchie seems to regard the young, inexperienced Kennedy as something of a lightweight, but his enthusiasm to build a crew and refurbish the "109" to operational status eventually earns Ritchie\'s grudging respect. The crew includes Kennedy\'s executive officer, Ensign Leonard J. Thom , and sailors "Bucky" Harris ([[Robert Blake  and Edmund Drewitch . On one mission, the PT 109 is sent to rescue a paramarine patrol trapped on an island. Kennedy successfully takes aboard the survivors, but barely gets out of range of Japanese guns before running out of fuel. The tide starts to carry the boat back toward the island. Kennedy, his crew, and the rescued Marines face the prospect of a desperate fight for their lives, but in the nick of time another PT boat arrives and tows the 109 to safety. Another sortie is less successful. While on patrol one, dark, moonless night in August 1943, a Japanese destroyer appears suddenly out of the darkness, rams and slices the 109 in two, killing two crewmen. Kennedy, having survived the collision searches for survivors, despite suffering from a back injury. When Kennedy and his men are presumed dead by nearby allies, Kennedy leads the survivors in swimming to a deserted island, while himself towing a badly-burned crewman. After a few days, Kennedy encounters two natives and gives them a carved message on a coconut. Fortunately for the sailors, they take it to an Australian coastwatcher, who sends more natives to the island who take Kennedy with them and the coastwatcher arranges for a rescue. Afterward, Kennedy is eligible to transfer back to the U.S., but is assigned command of another PT Boat that has been modified as a gunboat, PT 59, and elects to stay in the fight.'] ["The film tells the tale of the doctors who pioneered the usage of silicone breast implants. The two men gain immense financial success but follow different life paths thereafter, with David Schwimmer becoming the narcissistic 'big-as-you-can-get' type popular with strippers and pornographic actresses, and former mentor Chris Cooper continuing the initial team effort of the everyday woman. The story loosely tracks the history of the real-life breast implant industry phenomenon, from its radical introduction through its incredible popularity through the controversial silicone link to various types of illness and cancer, following which the industry switched to saline. The story is interspersed with interview snippets of women from the 1970s who have received breast augmentation with varying degrees of success, including their pleasure and displeasure. The interviews are marked by the fact that they show only the interviewees' nude breasts and torso."] ['The story commences in 1939, Alex Schottland , a general in the German Army, is actually a British agent who was planted in Germany toward the end of the First World War. He is growing weary of being a spy, but is urged to continue by his friend and fellow British agent, Cornaz , who is posing as a watchmaker. Schottland passes on information that Germany is about to attack Russia. Capt. Reinisch , Schottland\'s suspicious aide, discovers that Schottland has changed his name from Scotland and is of British ancestry. However, his superiors scoff at the possibility that Schottland is a spy. To deflect suspicion, Schottland says that "defeatists" in the high command have been leaking information to the enemy. Cornaz is arrested after their courier to the British is arrested. Schottland, as a customer at the watchmaker\'s shop, is summoned to headquarters for questioning. There Schottland is forced to watch impassively as Gestapo officer Mueller  tortures Cornaz to death in a gruesome scene, in which a fire hose is used to force water into Cornaz\'s bowels. Schottland is arrested but soon released because of intervention by a high-ranking Nazi, Ernst Kaltenbrunner. Cornaz\'s replacement is Lili Geyr , an attractive pianist. He pretends to be having an affair with Geyr while actually giving her information. That antagonizes Reinisch, who is in love with Geyr. Schottland is ordered to the front, and shoots a corporal who interrupts him broadcasting information to the Allies. Schottland returns to Berlin, and, now unable to transmit important information, has decided to resort to sabotage. He begins to cunningly trick Hitler into making strategic military blunders. Reinisch kills Geyr as she attempts to escape to the Allies. Schottland kills Reinisch, and subsequently casts suspicion on Muller as a traitor. Schottland is incriminated, and he crosses the lines to be captured by British troops.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?scarlettTitleIdThe Two-Headed Spy |accessdateTCM.com}}'] ['A Mighty Heart is a detailed account of the search for kidnapped Wall Street Journal reporter<ref name http://www.editorandpublisher.com/eandp/news/article_display.jsp?vnu_content_id \'WSJ\' Editors Call \'A Mighty Heart\' Fair and Accurate |author Editor & Publisher |date "It was an accurate portrayal of the Journal and I think the Journal\'s people, like [then-foreign editor] John Bussey, who were deeply involved came off well as they should have," said former managing editor Paul Steiger, who said he saw the movie recently in a private showing for Journal staffers. "I think Angelina Jolie captured Mariane very, very well." Managing Editor Marcus Brauchli, who took over for Steiger and was national editor at the time of Pearl\'s death, also believed the film was fair. "I don\'t feel that the Journal was portrayed badly in the film," he said. "I think we were treated reasonably. Angelina Jolie did a good job of channeling Mariane." }} Daniel Pearl in 2002. Pearl was kidnapped in Karachi by supporters of Omar Sheikh, who claimed responsibility  for kidnapping and beheading Pearl in 2002. The movie also covers efforts by Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of State\'s Diplomatic Security Service  to track the kidnappers and bring them to justice.'] ['In 17th-century Hungary, recently widowed Countess Elisabeth Nádasdy discovers that her youthful appearance and libido can be temporarily restored if she bathes in the blood of young women. She enlists her steward and lover, Captain Dobi, to help with the kidnap and murder of countless local girls, whilst having another sexual affair with young Lt. Imre Toth. As a cover for her crimes while in her rejuvenated state, she takes the identity of her own daughter; but castle historian Fabio grows suspicious. Eventually she kills a prostitute called Ziza and it doesn\'t help, Dobi finds Fabio who has a chapter about blood sacrifices and tells Elisabeth the truth in return for being allowed to live, he says only a virgin sacrifice will work. She then kills more virgins. Fabio tries to tell Toth the truth about his lover, but Dobi kills him before he can. He then shows Toth Elisabeth to jade him away from her. Elisabeth forces Toth into marrying her but her daughter Ilona arrives home, Elisabeth grows old again and tries to kill her daughter but kills Toth instead. Elisabeth, Dobi, and her maid are sentenced to death for their crimes and are last seen awaiting the hangman in their cell. In the last scene a peasant curses her as "devil woman" and "Countess Dracula".'] ['The plot is based on a dramatised account of the exploits of the historical renegade, Thomas Blood, in the 17th century and his attempted theft of the British Crown jewels.'] ['The film is inspired by an incident that occurred three months after the Battle of Haditha in the Iraq War. On 19 November 2005, 24 Iraqi men, women and children were killed in Haditha, a city in the western Iraq province of Al Anbar. At least 15 of those killed were noncombatant civilians. All are alleged to have been killed by a group of United States Marines. Since the release of the film, however, charges have been dropped  against all the Marines involved, even Sgt Wuterich, who was the Marine in charge on the ground on that day.MILITARY: Haditha Marine acquitted The names of the involved parties have been changed in the film.{{cite web}}'] ["A publisher, Lewis Venable, travels from New York to Venice, seeking to buy the 19th Century love letters of the late poet Jeffrey Ashton to a woman named Juliana Bordereau. He learns from a living poet, Charles Russell, that, amazingly, Juliana is still alive at 105. Lewis decides to assume a fake name and not immediately announce his intent. He is given lodging by Juliana and meets great-niece Tina, a pianist. In time, he discovers that Juliana is in dire need of money, even offering to sell him a valuable painting. He also learns that Tina has a schizophrenic personality and is often deluded into believing that she, herself, is Juliana, and that Ashton's letters were written to her. Charles tries to blackmail Lewis, revealing his true identity and purpose. Lewis comes to believe that Ashton was murdered and buried in the garden. Chaos ensues as he begins to leave, the house catching fire. He manages to save Juliana from the blaze, but the precious letters are lost, as is the old woman's will to live."] ['The film draws on Guyana Massacre: The Eyewitness Account and reports from The Washington Post at the time, to describe the life of Jim Jones from a 1960s idealist to the November 1978 mass murder/suicide of members of Peoples Temple in Jonestown, Guyana.{{cite book}}'] ['In 1993, Erin Brockovich  is an unemployed single mother of three children who, after losing a personal injury lawsuit against a doctor in a car accident she was in, asks her lawyer, Edward L. Masry , if he can find her a job in compensation for the loss. Ed gives her work as a file clerk in his office, and she sees the files in a pro bono real-estate case in which PG&E is offering to purchase the home of Hinkley, California, resident Donna Jensen. Erin is surprised to see medical records in the file and visits Jensen, who explains that she had just kept all her PG&E correspondence together. Donna is very appreciative of PG&E\'s help: she has had several tumors and her husband has Hodgkin\'s disease, but PG&E has always supplied a doctor at their own expense. Erin asks why they would do that, and Donna replies, "because of the chromium". Erin begins digging into the particulars of the case and soon finds evidence that the groundwater in Hinkley is contaminated with dangerous hexavalent chromium, but PG&E is telling Hinkley residents that they use a safer form of chromium in their cooling ponds. She persuades Ed to allow her further research, and wins the trust of many Hinkley residents. She finds many other cases of tumors and other medical problems in Hinkley. Everyone has been treated by PG&E\'s doctors and thinks the cluster of cases is just a coincidence, unrelated to the "safe" chromium. Eventually a man approaches her and says that he was tasked with destroying documents at PG&E, but he had noticed the medical conditions plaguing the workers who worked in the unlined ponds, and kept the documents instead. Now he gives them to her. One is a 1966 memo that ties a conversation of a corporate executive in the San Francisco PG&E headquarters to the Hinkley station: it proves that the corporate headquarters knew the water was contaminated with hexavalent chromium, did not do anything about it, and advised the Hinkley station to keep it a secret from the neighborhood. Rather than delay any settlement for years through a series of jury trials and probable appeals, Ed takes the opportunity to arrange for a final disposition by binding arbitration. Erin is able to persuade the 634 plaintiffs to go along, and the evidence is examined by a judge without a jury. The judge orders PG&E to pay a settlement amount of $333&nbsp;million divided among the plaintiffs. In the final scene, Ed hands Erin her bonus payment for the case, but says he has changed the amount. She is astonished to see that he has increased it to $2&nbsp;million.'] ['The movie jumps from the second season to the fifth, covering the time when conflict arose between the producers and cast versus Suzanne Somers and her management, which sought greater visibility and more money for Somers. It then jumps to season eight to cover the end of the series. The original script focused more heavily on the negative side of the production of the show before Joyce DeWitt\'s involvement added focus on the good times.! width="120" | Date !! Event |- | November 1975 | American producer Donald L. Taffner and partner Ted Bergmann try to sell the idea to make an American version of the Thames Television show in the UK [[Man About The House] to various TV stations. |- | January 1976 | New ABC programming chief Fred Silverman looks for a risque television show and finds Three\'s Company. |- | January 28, 1977 | Taping of the first show. |- | March 15, 1977 | First broadcast. |- | May 1977 | First season wrap party. |- | November 1977 | Somers asks Jay Bernstein to manage her career and try to make her the next Farrah Fawcett. |- | February 1979 | Somers tries to get a new deal with CBS for her own show. |- | July 1979 | While filming Nothing Personal, Somers calls Bernstein to fire him. |- | October 1980 | Alan Hamel, now managing Somers\' career, attempts deal with ABC to boost Somers\' salary by 500%. |- | October 21, 1980 | Somers fakes a cracked rib and misses the taping. |- | November 2, 1980 | Somers misses her second taping. |- | November 9, 1980 | Somers misses her third taping. |- | November 20, 1980 | Producers make Somers tape separately from the rest of the cast for the first time. Her character Chrissy is then usually seen talking on the phone to Jack or Janet from another location. |- | January 18, 1981 | Somers appears on The Phil Donahue Show. |- | March 1981 | Somers gets a threat of possible legal action against her from ABC about using the Chrissy character in a Las Vegas act. |- | April 2, 1981 | Somers is fired from ABC. |- | May 1982 | Because of the ABC legal threat, Somers learns that her CBS deal is canceled because the use of the Chrissy character may bring legal action against CBS. |- | November 1983 | Hamel fails to convince the producers that Suzanne would be perfect to play Jack Tripper\'s wife in the Three\'s a Crowd spin-off. |- | February 17, 1984 | Final taping of the show. |}'] ["Medgar Evers was a black civil rights activist in Mississippi; he was murdered by an assassin on June 12, 1963. It was suspected that Byron De La Beckwith, a white supremacist, was the murderer. He had beeen tried twice and both trials ended in hung juries. In 1989, Evers' widow Myrlie, who had been trying to bring De La Beckwith to justice for over 25 years, believed she had what it takes to bring him to trial again. Although most of the evidence from the old trial had disappeared, Bobby DeLaughter, an assistant District Attorney, decided to help her despite being warned that it might hurt his political aspirations and despite the strain that it caused in his marriage. DeLaughter becomes primarily involved with bringing De La Beckwith to trial for the third time 30 years later. In 1994, Byron De La Beckwith was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment."] ["Environmental toxins in the city of Woburn, Massachusetts contaminate the area's water supply, and become linked to a number of deaths of neighboring children. Jan Schlichtmann , a cocky and successful Boston attorney who zips around town in his Porsche, and his small firm of personal injury lawyers are called upon to take legal action against those responsible. After originally rejecting a seemingly unprofitable case, Jan finds a major environmental issue involving groundwater contamination that has great legal potential and a couple of defendants with deep pockets. The local tanneries could be responsible for several deadly cases of leukemia, but also are the main employers for the area. Jan decides to go forward against two giant corporations  with links to the tanneries, thinking that the case could possibly earn him millions, as well as enhancing his and his firm's already considerable reputations. Bringing a class action lawsuit in federal court, Jan represents families who demand a clean-up of the contaminated area and an apology. However, the case develops a life of its own and takes over the lives of Jan and his firm. The lawyers for the tanneries' parent corporations are not easy to intimidate, a judge makes a key ruling against the plaintiffs, and soon Jan and his partners find themselves in a position where their professional and financial survival has been staked on the outcome of the case. Jan stubbornly declines settlement offers, gradually coming to believe that the case is about more than just the money. He allows his pride to take over, making outrageous demands and deciding that he must win at all costs. Pressures take their toll, with Jan and his partners going deeply into debt. After a lengthy trial, the case is dismissed in favor of Beatrice, Jan having turned down an offer of $20 million while the jury was deliberating. The plaintiffs are forced to accept a settlement with Grace that barely covers the expense involved in trying the case, leaving Jan and his partners broke. The families are deeply disappointed, and Jan's partners no longer wish to work with him and break up the firm. Jan's life is a shambles. He ends up alone, filing for bankruptcy. In a postscript, a montage of short scenes involving the key characters in the film, combined with on-screen captions, reveals that the Environmental Protection Agency, building on Jan's work on the case, later brought its own enforcement action against the offending companies, forcing them to pay millions to clean up the land and the groundwater. It takes Jan several years to settle his debts, and he now practices environmental law in Boston.  {{refimprove}} The plotline has been greatly simplified from the book, e.g. later findings by the Environmental Protection Agency and its potential consequences that might have allowed the plaintiffs another trial against Beatrice, and which did ultimately lead to a conviction of perjury against John Riley, and improper conduct for Mary Ryan, are referred to only briefly in the epilogue. The characters of Charles Nesson, Mark Phillips, Rikki Klieman, Teresa Padro and others have been completely removed from the film version of the story, as well as the plot points their characters contribute."] ['From a secure bank vault, the answers to Twenty One, a popular primetime quiz television show, are sent into a television studio as studio producers Dan Enright  and Albert Freedman  watch from the control booth. The evening\'s main attraction is Queens resident Herbert Stempel , the reigning champion, who answers question after question. However, both the network and the corporate sponsor of the program, a supplementary tonic called Geritol, find that Stempel\'s approval ratings are beginning to level out, meaning the show would benefit from new talent. Enright and Freedman find a new contestant in Columbia University instructor Charles Van Doren , son of the renowned poet and intellectual Mark Van Doren  and the novelist Dorothy Van Doren . The producers subtly offer to rig the show for him but Van Doren uprightly refuses. Enright soon treats Stempel to dinner at an upscale restaurant, where he breaks the news that Stempel must lose in order to boost flagging ratings. Stempel begrudgingly agrees, only on the condition that he remains on television, threatening to reveal the true reason of his success: the answers had been provided for him. Stempel and Van Doren face each other in Twenty One, where the match comes down to a predetermined question regarding Marty, the 1955 winner of the Academy Award for Best Picture. Despite knowing the correct film, Stempel gives the wrong answer, allowing Van Doren to get a question he previously answered while in Enright\'s offices; he provides the winning response. In the weeks that follow, Van Doren\'s winning streak makes him a national celebrity. Buckling under the new pressure, he begins to let the producers directly give him the answers instead of researching for them himself. Meanwhile, Stempel, having lost his financial prize winnings to a fleeting bookie, begins threatening legal action against the NBC network after weeks go by without his return to television. He is shown going into the office of New York County District Attorney Frank Hogan. Richard N. "Dick" Goodwin , a young Congressional lawyer from Harvard Law, becomes intrigued when he reads that the Grand Jury\'s findings from Hogan\'s proceedings are sealed. He travels to New York to investigate rumors of rigged quiz shows. Visiting a number of contestants, including Stempel and Van Doren, he begins to suspect Twenty One is indeed a fixed operation. However, Stempel is a volatile personality and nobody else seems to corroborate that the show is rigged. Goodwin enjoys the company of Van Doren, who invites him to social gatherings, and doubts a man of Van Doren\'s background and intellect would be involved in the hoax. Stempel desperately confesses to being in on the fix himself, and further insists that if he got the answers in advance, Van Doren did as well. This wins Stempel an angry tell-off from his wife, who believed in him. With the evidence mounting, Van Doren deliberately loses, but is rewarded with a sizable contract from NBC to appear as a special correspondent on the Today show. Meanwhile, Goodwin proceeds with the hearings before the House Committee for Legislative Oversight, with extended proof of the show\'s corruption. Goodwin strongly advises Van Doren to avoid making any public statements supporting the show. If he agrees to this, Goodwin promises not to call Van Doren to appear before the Congressional committee. However, at the prompting of the NBC network head, Van Doren issues a statement reaffirming his trust in the honesty of the quiz show. Stempel testifies before Congress and, while doing so, implicates Van Doren, forcing Goodwin to call him in as a witness. Van Doren goes before Congress and publicly admits his role in the conspiracy. At first, Congress is very impressed with him, but one Congressman from New York is unimpressed and puts Van Doren in his place, turning the tide against him. Afterward, he is informed by reporters of his firing from Today as well as the university\'s decision to ask for his resignation. Goodwin believes he is on the verge of a victory against Geritol and the network, but instead realizes that Enright and Freedman will not turn in their bosses and jeopardize their own futures in television; he silently watches the producers\' testimony, vindicating the sponsors and the network from any wrongdoing.'] ['Jamal and Enayatullah are Afghan refugees in a camp in Peshawar, Pakistan. They travel to Quetta, and thence to Taftan on the Iranian border. They pay people smugglers to assist them over the border; on their first attempt they are stopped by Iranian police and returned to Pakistan, but their second attempt is successful. They travel to Tehran and then to Maku, in the Kurdish part of Iran, from where they cross a mountain range on foot to Turkey. In Istanbul they meet a group of other migrants, and they are taken to Italy inside a shipping container. The container is not ventilated, and most of the refugees, including Enayatullah, are suffocated to death. Jamal survives and lives in Italy for a time. He then steals a woman\'s purse and buys a rail ticket to Paris. From there, he goes to the Sangatte asylum seekers camp and with a new friend, Yusef, he crosses the channel by stowing away on a lorry. Finally, he arrives in London, where he calls his uncle to say he has arrived but that Enyatullah is "not in this world". The film ends with images of the Peshawar refugees.'] ['Joan Crawford  is a driven actress and compulsively clean housekeeper who tries to control the lives of those around her as tightly as she controls herself. To prepare for a work day at MGM Studios, she rises at 4:00 am and engages in a strict morning ritual: scrubbing her face with soap and boiling hot water, then plunging her head into a vat of distilled water and ice to close the pores. When Helga , a new maid, thinks she has Joan\'s living room in spotless condition, Joan finds one minute detail that she overlooked and loses her temper, intimidating the maid as well as her live-in personal assistant, Carol Ann . Joan is in a relationship with Hollywood lawyer Gregg Savitt ([[Steve Forrest , but her career is in a bit of a downswing. She desperately wants a baby, but is unable to get pregnant; seven pregnancies when she was married to actor Franchot Tone ended in miscarriages. When she is denied an application for adoption, she enlists Gregg\'s help to secure a baby. Joan adopts a girl whom she names Christina, and later a boy, Christopher . Joan lavishes Christina  with attention and luxuries such as an extravagant birthday party, but also enforces a code of denial and discipline. When Christina is showered with gifts, Joan asks which she likes best, then donates the other gifts to charity. As Christina rebels against her mother\'s demands, a series of confrontations ensues. Joan overtakes Christina in a swimming-pool race and proclaims her victory by crowing to the child, "You lost again!" Joan becomes enraged when Christina reacts with disappointment, locking her in the pool house. When Joan discovers her daughter putting on makeup and imitating her, she hysterically hacks off Christina\'s hair. Her relationship with Gregg becomes a dismal failure; Joan resents Gregg\'s allegiance to studio boss Louis B. Mayer and argues with him after a dinner at Perrino\'s restaurant. Joan guzzles down glasses of vodka and throws a drink in Gregg\'s face after he tells her she is getting old. A physical altercation develops and Gregg breaks up with Joan. The next day, Joan cuts Gregg out of the family photos. Joan\'s tantrums grow more bizarre and violent; When Mayer  forces Joan to leave MGM after theater owners brand her "box office poison," she hacks down her prize rose garden with a pair of large gardening shears and an axe. In the most infamous scene of the film, Joan, with her face slathered in cold cream, stalks into Christina\'s bedroom in the middle of the night and discovers one of the child\'s dresses hanging on a wire hanger. She launches into a tirade, screaming at the girl, "I told you! No wire hangers, ever!" She yanks dresses from Christina\'s closet, throws them all over the girl\'s room and beats the screaming girl with the hanger. Joan wrecks the bathroom as well, throwing cleaning powder all over the already spotless bathroom, striking Christina with the tin and screaming at her to clean it up. Joan sends Christina, now a teenager, to boarding school. When Christina is caught in a compromising position with a boy, however, Joan brings her home. Barbara Bennett , a reporter from Redbook magazine, is writing a puff piece on Joan\'s home life. After Joan lies about why her daughter left school, saying that she was expelled, Christina confronts her in front of the reporter. Joan furiously leads Christina into the living room. In the ensuing argument, Joan slaps her twice across the face. Christina questions her mother as to why she was adopted, and Joan confesses that it was partially a publicity stunt. After Christina yells, "I am not one of your fans!," Joan seizes Christina by the throat and throws her to the floor, knocking over a table and breaking it. She then tries to throttle Christina, who pleads with her to stop. Joan chokes Christina, shrieking that she hates her and enjoys hitting her. Christina writhes on the floor, Joan strangling her as though she intends to murder her. Carol Ann and the reporter witness the attack and intervene, pulling Joan away. Christina throws her mother aside and lays coughing on the floor. Joan sends Christina to Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy to punish her; under the academy\'s strict rules, Christina can have no contact with the outside world. Joan then marries Alfred Steele , CEO of Pepsi Cola, moves to New York City and pressures him to shoulder a great deal of debt to fund their lavish lifestyle. After his death, the all-male board tries to force her to resign, but Joan intimidates them into letting her retain her seat by threatening to publicly condemn Pepsi. After leaving the convent school, Christina rents an apartment in Manhattan, where she acts in a soap opera. When she suffers from an ovarian tumor, a stunned Christina is temporarily replaced on the show by her mother. Joan dies of cancer in 1977, whereupon Christina and Christopher  learn their mother has completely disinherited them in her will. When a resigned Christopher says their mother has managed to have the last word, Christina questions that, hinting at the much-publicized book she would write, Mommie Dearest.'] ['After serving time for the attempted murder of his first wife, the main character, a doctor, begins plotting to kill his second.'] ["Fact-based story about a 1975 cover-up of a shooting by two white members of the Boston Tactical Unit. While on stakeout on a suspected getaway car used in an armed robbery, the two gunned down a black man who entered the car. The two claimed the man had a gun and they shot in self-defense. Police investigation decided it was a rightful shooting. The man's widow  knew her husband would not be carrying a weapon and became determined to prove her husband's innocence. She hired a former cop  who had become a lawyer to prove her case. Working with his four sons , the lawyer team takes on the police force in what eventually proved to be a landmark legal decision."] ['The Mallory Pelas were a secret organization of Irish coal miners established in nineteenth century Pennsylvania to fight oppressive mineowners. Led by Jack Kehoe , they plant dynamite to destroy plant shafts and equipment. As character James McParlan, Richard Harris portrays real life Pinkerton Detective James McParland who was employed to infiltrate the Mollies. Kehoe and McParlan are working class immigrants from Ireland with essentially the same aspiration -- advancement in the new society to which they have come. McParlan coldly betrays the group whose leader he has befriended and Kehoe kills to advance his cause. McParlan also develops a romantic interest in Mary Raines, but she ends up offended by his treachery. Awaiting execution, Kehoe tells his erstwhile ally that no punishment short of hell can redeem his treachery; Detective McParlan retorts that in that case, "See you in hell."'] ['On the evening of November 14, 1970, Southern Airways Flight 932, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9 which Huntington, West Virginia\'s Marshall University chartered to transport the Thundering Herd football team to Greenville, North Carolina, via Stallings Field in Kinston, North Carolina, and back to Huntington, clipped trees on a ridge just one mile short of the runway at Tri-State Airport in Ceredo, West Virginia, and crashed into a gully. The team was returning from its game against the East Carolina University Pirates &mdash; a 17&ndash;14 loss. There were no survivors. In all, 75 people lost their lives. The deceased included the 37 players; head coach Rick Tolley and five members of his coaching staff; Charles E. Kautz, Marshall\'s athletics director; team athletic trainer Jim Schroer and his assistant, Donald Tackett; 25 boosters; and five crew members. In the wake of the tragedy, President Donald Dedmon leans towards indefinitely suspending the football program, but he is ultimately persuaded to reconsider by the pleas of the Marshall students and Huntington residents, and especially the few football players who didn\'t make the flight. Dedmon hires a young new head coach Jack Lengyel, who with the help of Red Dawson , manages to rebuild the team in a relatively short time. They are aided by the NCAA\'s waiver of a rule prohibiting freshmen from playing varsity football . The new team is composed mostly of the 18 returning players  and walk-on athletes from other Marshall sports programs. Due to their lack of experience, the "Young Thundering Herd" ends up losing its first game, 29-6 to the Morehead State Eagles. The Herd\'s first post-crash victory is a heart-stopping 15&ndash;13 home win against Xavier University in the first home game of the season.'] ['In 1914, Lois Burnham, a college-educated woman from an affluent family, met and fell in love with Bill Wilson, a young man of modest means. They married in 1918, and after his return from World War I, the two set out to build a life together. While Lois worked as a nurse, Bill struggled to find his niche. Lois believed that Bill was destined for greatness, and despite his increasing reliance on alcohol, she showered him with love and support. Eventually, Lois persuaded a friend’s husband to hire Bill at his financial firm. By 1927, Bill was working on Wall Street and the couple was living a luxurious lifestyle. But despite Lois’s valiant efforts to control his drinking, Bill’s addiction to alcohol spiraled out-of-control. Soon his job, their lifestyle and their dreams were all gone. In 1935, after years of struggling to cover for Bill and trying desperately to manage his disease by herself, Lois finally saw him get and stay sober – not through her help, but from the support of a fellow alcoholic, Dr. Bob Smith. As Bill and Bob attained lasting sobriety and co-founded Alcoholics Anonymous, Lois began to feel neglected. Bill got and stayed sober without her help, and she felt isolated and resentful. Lois soon discovered she was not alone in her isolation and anger, and that there was a vast number of people whose lives and relationships had been devastated because a loved one was an alcoholic or drug addict. To help herself, and others like her, she co-founded Al-Anon in 1951.'] ["Joey battled leukemia since the age of three, and was one of the first children to undergo chemotherapy for the disease. The story traces John through his years at Penn State seeking the Heisman Trophy, and Joey his preteens, as each brother inspires the other, and their family around them, to try harder in life. John wins the Heisman during a downturn in Joey's illness. During his acceptance speech, John names Joey as his prime motivator, then gradually breaks down in tears, as he tells everyone he wants Joey to have his trophy, for inspiring him and for enduring so much difficulty with leukemia. The whole Cappelletti family is there, and Joey runs to John's side. The film ends by revealing Joey succumbed to his leukemia and died with John by his side on April 8, 1976."] ['The film documents the personal accounts of Ruhal Ahmed, Asif Iqbal and Shafiq Rasul ;Channel 4: Observer]: Using terror to fight terror, 26 February 2006'] ['The movie begins in Atlanta federal penitentiary, where an aging prisoner named Joseph Valachi  is imprisoned for smuggling heroin. The boss of his crime family, Vito Genovese , is imprisoned there as well. Genovese is certain that Valachi is an informant, and gives him the "kiss of death." Valachi kisses him back. Valachi mistakenly kills a fellow prisoner who he wrongly thinks is a mob assassin. Told of the mistake by federal agents, Valachi becomes an informant, the first in the history of the Mafia. He tells his life story in flashback. The movie traces Valachi from a young punk to a gangster associating with bosses like Salvatore Maranzano . Maranzano tells a mourner at a funeral, "I cannot bring back the dead. I can only kill the living." Valachi marries a boss\'s daughter, played by Bronson\'s real-life wife Jill Ireland. Valachi\'s rise in the Mafia is hampered by his poor relations with his capo, Tony Bender . Bender is portrayed castrating a mobster for having relations with another mobster\'s wife. Valachi shoots the man to put him out of his misery. The mayhem and murder continue to the present, with Valachi shown testifying before a Senate committee. He is upset with having to testify and attempts suicide, but in the end  outlives Genovese, who dies in prison.'] ['Phar Lap, known affectionately as "Bobby" by his strapper Tommy Woodcock , collapses and dies in Woodcock\'s arms, at Menlo Park in California, in 1932. The news is greeted with great sadness and anger in Australia. The remainder of the film is done as flashback. Five years earlier, Phar Lap arrives in Australia, purchased unseen from New Zealand. His trainer Harry Telford  and Telford\'s wife Vi watch as he\'s lowered onto the wharf by sling. Mrs Telford comments that she "wonders what his  American friend (owner David Davis  will think?". Davis is not impressed with the underweight, wart-ridden colt and orders Telford to sell him immediately. Telford protests, saying that the horse\'s pedigree is exceptional, with Carbine on both sides of his bloodlines. Davis agrees to lease him to Telford for three years, keeping only one third of the winnings. Telford must pay for his upkeep. As Phar Lap is brought into the stables, he and Woodcock form a strong bond. When the young strapper complains about how hard Telford works the horse, Telford sacks him. He has to reinstate Woodcock when the horse stops eating. Phar Lap fails badly in his first few races, but Woodcock educates the horse by holding him back in trackwork, sensing that he likes to come from behind. This pays off at the AJC Derby run at Randwick, Sydney. The film shows this as Phar Lap\'s first win although his first was actually the RRC Maiden Juvenile Handicap in the previous racing season. The win saves Phar Lap from being sold and Telford from bankruptcy. As the Depression bites, Phar Lap wins every race he enters. Davis attempts to capitalise on his success through shady betting schemes, something Telford wants no part of. In preparation for the Melbourne Cup, the premier race in Australia, Davis pressures Telford to scratch Phar Lap from the Caulfield Cup, to maximise Davis\'s betting returns. Under great financial pressure, Telford reluctantly agrees. As Woodcock walks the horse back from track work, someone tries to shoot the horse in the street. Woodcock and Phar Lap go into hiding at a stud farm outside Melbourne, arriving at Flemington Racecourse at the very last minute for the 1930 Melbourne Cup. Phar Lap wins, ridden by champion jockey Jim Pike. In the 1931 Cup, the VRC imposes an unprecedented weight of 10 st 10 lb , "to better horse racing". Phar Lap surges to the lead but fades and finishes eighth, and the racing authorities face jeering crowds. The horse is now back under Davis\'s control, after the three year agreement runs out. Davis then offers half of Phar Lap\'s ownership to Telford for ₤20,000, for which Telford refuses. Telford then has an injury faked on the horse and hoodwinks Davis into thinking that the Red Terror is lame and agreeing to sell the half share for only ₤4,000. Davis realises he\'s been had when Phar lap easily wins his next race. After the 1931 Melbourne Cup, Davis is approached by about racing Phar Lap in the Agua Caliente Handicap at the Agua Caliente Racetrack in Tijuana, Mexico. Davis, knowing that the horse would never be allowed to race fairly in Australia while being so heavily weighted and also knowing that Weight for Age races offered less prize money, agree\'s but has to convince Telford its worthwhile. Telford initially disagrees citing Australia\'s Quarantine Laws but reluctantly agrees after Davis convinces him of the financial windfall if Phar Lap wins. Telford, saying that it has brought him "nothing but trouble" refuses to go himself, preferring to concentrate on his new stud and stables at Braeside, south of Melbourne and promotes Woodcock to be Phar Lap\'s trainer knowing the horse wouldn\'t do anything without Woodcock there with him. After Arriving in the United States Woodcock soon clashes with Davis over the new trainers softer methods and sometimes non-cooperative ways, including taking Phar Lap away from a press conference and back to his stable before the conference was finished. Woodcock also doesn\'t listen to advice about different horse shoes to suit the different track surface and Phar Lap badly cracks his front right hoof further hampering his preparation for the big race. Before the race word gets out that some jockeys may have been bribed to keep him boxed into the rails during the race not allowing him to win and keep gamblers from losing large amounts of money so Davis instructs Phar Lap\'s jockey ([[Billy Elliot  to lead from the start. Woodcock immediately counters this by telling Elliot to run Phar Lap\'s normal race of starting slow and finishing fast. Using Woodcock\'s advice, Phar Lap wins the Agua Caliente Handicap in Mexico, blood streaming from a split hoof. He dies soon after, in suspicious circumstances.'] ['In 1928 in New York State, aspiring author Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings  advises her husband that her last book was rejected by a publisher, and she has bought an orange grove in Florida and is leaving him to go there. She drives to the nearest town alone, and arrives in time for her car to die. Local resident Norton Baskin  takes her the rest of the distance to a dilapidated and overgrown cabin attached to an even more overgrown orange grove. Despite Baskin\'s  doubts, she stays and begins to fix up the property. The local residents of "the Creek" begin to interact with her. Marsh Turner  comes around with his daughter Ellie , a teenage girl who keeps a deer fawn as a pet she has named Flag. A black woman, Geechee , arrives and offers to work for her, despite the fact that Rawlings insists she cannot pay her much. The grove languishes below her expectations and Rawlings writes another novel, hoping to get it published. A very young married couple arrives to inhabit a cabin on Rawlings\' property. The woman is very pregnant and they both reject Rawlings\' attempts to help them. Rawlings employs the assistance of a few of the Creek residents, Geechee and Baskin, to unblock a vital irrigation vein for her grove, and it begins to improve. The young couple has their child. Ellie\'s deer grows older and escapes her pen, and Marsh foretells that the deer will have to be killed for eating all their food. Geechee\'s husband comes to stay with her after being released from prison, and Rawlings offers him a place to work in her grove, but he refuses and Rawlings asks him to leave. Even though her husband drinks and gambles, Geechee goes to leave with him, and Rawlings admits she will be sad to see Geechee leave, after Geechee demands to know why Rawlings would allow a friend to make such a mistake. Geechee decides to stay after all after telling Rawlings that she should learn how to treat her friends better. Rawlings submits her novel, a gothic romance, to Max Perkins, and it is rejected again. He writes her in return to tell her to write him stories about the people she describes so well in her letters, instead of the popular English governess stories she has been writing. She does so immediately, beginning with telling the story of the young married couple . During a visit to the Turner\'s home on Ellie\'s 14th birthday, Flag escapes his pen once more and Marsh is forced to shoot him after he has eaten the family\'s vegetables. Ellie screams at him in hatred, and Marsh goes on a bender, goes into town and attracts the attention of the sheriff. The sheriff finds Marsh drinking moonshine with a shotgun across his lap, and demands the gun. When Marsh offers it to him, the sheriff shoots him . Max Perkins  visits and accepts her story  upon reading it. Baskin asks Rawlings to marry him, which she accepts after much hesitation about her independence. Rawlings realizes her profound attachment to the land at Cross Creek.'] ["At the beginning of the film, Lorenzo  is portrayed as a bright and vibrant young boy but when his parents relocate to the United States he begins to show neurological problems, loss of hearing, tantrums, etc. The boy is diagnosed as having ALD which is fatal within two years. Failing to find a doctor capable of treating their son's rare disease, Augusto and Michaela Odone  set out on a mission to find a treatment to save their child. In their quest, the Odones clashed with doctors, scientists, and support groups, who were skeptical that anything could be done about Adrenoleukodystrophy , much less by laypeople. But they persisted, setting up camp in medical libraries, reviewing animal experiments, enlisting the aid of Professor Gus Nikolais , badgering researchers, questioning top doctors all over the world, and even organizing an international symposium about the disease. Despite research dead ends, the horror of watching their son's health decline, and being surrounded by skeptics , they persisted until they finally hit upon a therapy involving adding a certain kind of oil  to their son's diet. They contacted over 100 firms around the world until they found an elderly British chemist  working for Croda International who was willing to take on the challenge of distilling the proper formula. The oil, erucic acid, proved successful in normalizing the accumulation of the very long chain fatty acids in the brain that had been causing their son's steady decline, thereby halting the progression of the disease. There was still a great deal of neurological damage remaining which could not be reversed unless new treatments could be found to regenerate the myelin sheath  around the nerves. The father is seen taking on the new challenge of organizing biomedical efforts to heal myelin damage in patients . The film ends with Lorenzo at the age of 14 showing definite improvement  but indicating more medical research is still needed. The end credits of the film note that Lorenzo also regained his sight and was learning to use a computer."] ["Rescued from the Colorado River as an infant and raised by Shamus Tobin, tomboy Molly Brown is determined to find a wealthy man to marry. She journeys to Leadville, Colorado and is hired as a saloon singer by Christmas Morgan. After miner Johnny Brown renovates his cabin, the two wed, and he sells his claim in a silver mine for $300,000. Soon after the money Molly hid in the stove accidentally is burned, Johnny discovers the richest gold vein in state history. The Browns and Shamus move into a Denver mansion, and Molly sets out to improve her social status by trying to ingratiate herself with the city's elite, all of whom snub her and her nouveau riche ways. She and Johnny go to Europe, where they are embraced by royalty, and the couple return to Denver with their new friends. Molly's plan to introduce them to the people who formerly rejected her is derailed by Johnny's rough and tumble friends, whose unexpected and boisterous arrival ruins the gala party Molly is hosting. Molly decides to return to Europe, leaving Johnny behind. She initially falls for the charms of Prince Louis de Lanière, but eventually decides she prefers to live with Johnny in Leadville. Setting sail for home aboard the Titanic, she becomes a heroine when the ship sinks and she helps rescue many of her fellow passengers. When her deed makes international headlines, Molly is welcomed home by Johnny and the people of Denver."] ["The film is the story of the de-population of one of the isolated, outer islands of Scotland as, one by one, the younger generation leaves for the greater opportunities offered by the mainland, making it harder to follow the old ways of life there. Robbie Manson  wants to leave the island and explore the wider world. Robbie's friend Andrew Gray  and his sister, Ruth Manson  are sweethearts and are quite willing to stay. Of their fathers, Peter Manson  is determined to stay while James Gray  suspects that their way of life cannot last much longer. But if Robbie leaves, that will make it harder for the others because there will be one less young man to help with the fishing and the crofting."] ['Marie Sklodowska  is a poor, idealistic student living in Paris and studying at the Sorbonne. She neglects her health and one day faints during class. Her tutor, Prof. Perot  is sympathetic and, finding that she has no friends or family in Paris, invites her to a soirée his wife is throwing for a "few friends" . Among the many guests is physicist Pierre Curie , an extremely shy and absentminded man completely devoted to his work. He allows Marie to share his lab and finds that she is a gifted scientist. Appalled that she plans on returning to Poland to teach after graduation, rather than devoting her life to further study, he takes her to visit his family in their country home. Marie and Pierre both tend to concentrate on science to the extent that they don\'t realize until the last minute they have fallen in love. Even when Pierre asks Marie to be his wife, he does so in terms of reason, logic and chemistry. Fascinated by a demonstration she saw as an undergraduate, of a pitchblende rock that seems to generate enough energy to take small photographs, Marie decides to make the rock\'s energy the subject of her doctoral study. The measurements she takes don\'t seem to add up, and she decides there must be a third radioactive element in the rock in addition to the two she knows are in there.  The physics department at the Sorbonne refuses to fund their research without more proof of the element\'s existence, but allows them to use a dilapidated old shed across the courtyard from the physics building. In spite of its disadvantages, they import eight tons of pitchblende ore and cook it down to look for the element they call radium. In spite of inability to separate out pure radium, they know something is definitely there, as Marie\'s hands are being burned. They hit on a tedious method of crystallization to arrive at pure radium. Now world-famous, they go on vacation to rest after all the press conferences and the Nobel Prize. They\'re granted a new laboratory by the university; before its dedication Marie shows off her new dress, inspiring Pierre to go get her a set of earrings to go with it. Walking home in the rain, he absentmindedly crosses the street in front of a delivery wagon and is run down and killed. Marie almost loses her mind, but after the concerned Prof. Perot counsels her, she rallies when she remembers Pierre\'s words that if one of them is gone, the other must go on working just the same. The film concludes with a speech she gives at the 25th anniversary celebration of the discovery of radium, expressing her belief that science is the path to a better world.'] [' The first part of the film begins with a narrator called The Scientist  making cryptic comments about humanity. The film proper opens with Inspector Warren finding the corpse of a male transvestite named Patrick/Patricia, who has committed suicide. Wanting to know more about cross-dressing, Warren seeks out Dr. Alton, who narrates for him the story of Glen/Glenda. However, at several points Alton appears to address the viewer rather than Inspector Warren, and the unclear role of the Scientist as narrator makes things even more confusing. Glen is shown studying women\'s clothes in a shop window. Dr. Alton points out that men\'s clothes are dull and restrictive, whereas women can adorn themselves with attractive clothing. Glen reads about sex change operations in a newspaper, then meets with Barbara, his girlfriend, who asks if Glen\'s secret problem is another woman. The film then cuts to the infamous shot of the Scientist shouting "Pull the string!" as bison stampede onscreen. It is not clear what this is meant to mean; perhaps that Glen should act as puppeteer, controlling his own life instead of letting others dictate it. Another transvestite friend of his, John, tells Glen how cross-dressing ended his marriage. A bizarre dream sequence, containing some BDSM vignettes full of flagellation and bondage, reminiscent of the fetish films of Irving Klaw, follows. Glen then decides to tell Barbara the truth. She offers her an angora sweater as a sign of acceptance.'] ['In mid-1940s Calcutta, Mother Teresa teaches geography at her convent. One day, she and one of the other sisters go outside the convent to find food for their girls, only to get caught up in a riot. Though they manage to make it back to the convent, Mother Teresa is shocked by the sight of the massive number of people starving in the streets. Haunted by the images of the hungry people, Mother Teresa decides to leave the convent to devote her life to caring for the poorest of the poor. Soon after her arrival in the slums, Mother Teresa teaches the children to read and write, but she faces opposition from the adults in the slum who mistrust her because of the colour of her skin. As Mother Teresa continues her crusade to help the poor, some of her former students from the convent come to her with the desire to become nuns and help her on her mission. The films end scene sees Mother Teresa travelling to Oslo, Norway to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.'] ['An angry black priest  in 1960s New Orleans goes against the wishes of his parish leader  as he pushes a basketball game between his unbeaten all-black team and an undefeated all-white prep school team. This is based on the true story of the first integrated basketball game in the history of New Orleans. The plot follows the events leading up to the game between all-black St. Augustine High School and all-white Jesuit High. It focuses on the struggles that Father Joseph Verette had in trying to pull the game off and trying to earn respect for his team. Hired as a history teacher, Father Verrett will not let the athletes in his classes be given the special treatment that they\'ve been used to. "I teach history," he informs the headmaster when asked to take over the suddenly vacant position of basketball coach. "I believe sports are overemphasized." Moreover, coming from the North, he can\'t understand why star black athletes don\'t go to the best white colleges, as they should. "Down here, \'should\' and \'is\' is a long ways apart," the dad of the team\'s star informs him. The film includes many tangible examples of the racism then present. The blacks have to go to a separate "coloreds only" line at fast food outlets, and ordering a meal in the wrong place can and does get you thrown in jail.'] ["Reagan plays Commander Casey Abbott, commander of the fictional submarine USS Starfish, who is ordered to undertake a dangerous mission which sees him attempting to cut off the flow of supplies between China and Japan in the heavily-mined waters off the Asiatic mainland. When a diver, who is Abbott's competitor for the affections of Nurse Lieutenant Helen Blair  back at home, gets into a dangerous situation, Abbott must struggle to keep his personal and professional lives separate in dealing with the crisis."] ['It is 1917, and Portugal is feeling the aftereffects of a storm of Masonic antireligious sentiment and the violent overthrow of the government by socialist forces in its 5 October 1910 revolution. Churches in Lisbon are boarded up. Many priests, monks and friars are shown being fingerprinted, photographed and registered as  criminals before being jailed. The rural town of Fatima is small enough to have escaped much of this persecution; their church remains open, and most of the people are reasonably devout. Watching their flocks and playing in a field outside town on May 15 , Lucia dos Santos  and her cousins Jacinta Marto  and Francisco Marto  decide to pray their version of the Rosary by yelling out, "Hail Mary!" but not finishing the prayer. In the midst of this activity they hear a clap of thunder and see a flash of lightning. Thinking it is about to rain, the children gather their sheep and head for home. Another flash of lightning causes them to run straight into an unusual "cloud of light" surrounding a little tree on which a lady stands. Speaking slowly and gently, the lady asks them to return on the 13th of each month and to offer their sufferings to God for the salvation of sinners. She entreats them to say the Rosary for world peace. Later, they encounter their agnostic friend Hugo  who tells them it is best not to reveal the vision to anyone else, but of course on returning home, Jacinta immediately divulges her sightings. Jacinta and Francisco\'s parents believe the story, but Lucia\'s mother reacts with disgust and subjects her daughter to emotional and physical abuse. She forbids Lucia to return to the Cova, but Lucia does so anyway on the next month\'s appearance , and is told then that her cousins will die and go to heaven "soon", while she will live a long life in holy service. The parish priest suggests the visions might be from Satan. The local authorities close the Fatima church until the priest can convince the parishioners that no visions have or will happen. The next month, on July 13, the lady appears again, predicting "another and worse war"  will happen if the world doesn\'t stop sinning. She also predicts evil will come from Russia if that country is unconverted. Kidnapped by provincial administrator Arturo Santos, , the children are threatened with death if they don\'t change their story. Trying to frighten them, he has first Jacinta, then Francisco dragged into another room. Jacinta\'s terrified screams convince Lucia that her cousins are dead, but she refuses to deny what she\'s seen. Warning her that she\'s about to experience "the full treatment", Santos reunites her with her cousins, who are very much alive, then throws them all in jail. There they find Hugo, who stands by them as they convince all the prisoners to join in the Rosary. Unable to find any prosecutable evidence, Arturo  frees the children, who find that the entire population of Fatima has been standing outside waiting for them. On October 13, when the lady promised "a sign that will make them believe," about forty thousand people arrive, waiting through a torrential downpour. At precisely noon the clouds part and the sun shines brightly upon all the people—then the sun shifts through a rainbow of colors and appears to drop toward the ground, in what many have described as the Miracle of the Sun. Many people panic, some pray or watch calmly, and a few disabled people are healed. As the sun returns to normal we see Hugo standing in the middle of the kneeling crowd, his hat still on. Removing it, he says "Only the fool sayeth there is no God." A short epilogue shows the huge basilica where the tree once stood. At the end of the movie, it is  and they are in a big, new basilica . Inside, Lucia is a nun praying before the tomb where her cousins are buried, with the converted Hugo at her side.'] ["The film opens with Hitler's 56th birthday on April 20, 1945, and ends 10 days later, with his suicide on April 30."] ['Two Americans, one Jewish, the other Arab, are friends. As the United Nations votes for the creation of the state of Israel, both are pulled into conflict, their involvement taking them from New York City to Jerusalem, where they risk their lives for what they each believe in. It depicts the Israeli War of Independence and the end of the British mandate of Palestine.'] ['Diane and Greg Halstead were once happily married, even deciding to try and get a baby at an older age, despite the fact that she already suffered two miscarriages. She has no luck in becoming pregnant, however, and this leads to an estrangement from her husband. On his latest flight, Greg, a professional pilot, finds out about a bomb threat. The person carrying the bomb supposedly wants to kill another passenger, a politician with an outspoken opinion on abortion. Unbeknownst to the killer, the politician has already left the plane because it had an hour and a half delay. Greg decides to make a sudden landing in Dayton, Ohio, but during the heavy weather, the plane crashes, killing almost all people on board. Soon, the CIA, FBI and NTSB are on the place of the accident. There are different kind of speculations about the cause of the crash, and some suspect Greg of denying to follow orders. The FBI notices that the CIA immediately collected stuff out of the wrecks and told it was top secret. Diane is devastated when she hears the news, until she finds out that Greg is one of the few survivors. She is contacted by Scott Cody, a person working for the ALPA. He announces to her that Greg is the prime suspect of the crash and collects information on her, finding out that Greg was on medicine. As it turns out that there was no bomb on board, all evidence point against Greg. Cody finds out that the CIA was spying on the plane, thereby messing up his radar. Diane states that that was the reason why Greg crashed, but Cody explains that it is more complicated. Meanwhile, Greg dies because of his injuries. She makes an official statement in which she claims her husband is not responsible, but she is not considered as a reliable source, considering the fact that she could lose pension and other benefits. Diane refuses to accept that her husband will be blamed for the crash and does everything to get the entire truth revealed. With the help of a few experts, she is able to prove that there was a fire on the plane, which caused the crash.'] ['Sheyann Webb meets Martin Luther King, Jr. one day while playing outside with her friends. They are told that Dr. King has come to Selma, Alabama to help the Negro people get voting rights. Sheyann learns many things from Dr. King. He teaches her and her friend Rachel  that when asked, "Children, what do you want?" their answer should be "Freedom." He also teaches her that everyone deserves to be treated with fairness, regardless of the color of their skin, and that children also have a battle to fight. Sheyann wants to get involved and skips school to sneak into the meetings. One night a friend of Sheyann\'s named Jimmie Lee Jackson is killed. To draw attention to the death of Jimmie Lee Jackson, it is decided that a 54-mile march to the state capital of Alabama will take place. Marchers will present a petition to Governor Wallace to protest that Negroes are not being treated fairly. On Sunday, March 7, 1965, a day that comes to be called Bloody Sunday, Sheyann and the other African American protesters march over the Edmund Pettus Bridge en route to Montgomery. Sheyann is the youngest person to attempt to march. In August, President Johnson signs the Voting Rights Act of 1965, outlawing literacy tests at polling stations.'] ['Seventh-day Adventist Church pastor Michael Chamberlain, his wife Lindy, their two sons, and their nine-week-old daughter Azaria are on a camping holiday in the Outback. With the baby sleeping in their tent, the family is enjoying a barbecue with their fellow campers when a cry is heard. Lindy returns to the tent to check on Azaria and is certain she sees a dingo with something in its mouth running off as she approaches. When she discovers the infant is missing, everyone joins forces to search for her, without success. It is assumed what Lindy saw was the animal carrying off the child, and a subsequent inquest rules her account of events is true. The tide of public opinion soon turns against the Chamberlains. For many, Lindy seems too stoic, too cold-hearted, and too accepting of the disaster that has befallen her. Gossip about her begins to swell and soon is accepted as statements of fact. The couple\'s beliefs are not widely practised in the country, and when the media report a rumour that the name Azaria means "sacrifice in the wilderness" , the public is quick to believe they decapitated their baby with a pair of scissors as part of a bizarre religious rite. Law-enforcement officials find new witnesses, forensics experts, and a lot of circumstantial evidence—including a small wooden coffin Michael uses as a receptacle for his parishioners\' packs of un-smoked cigarettes—and reopen the investigation, and eventually Lindy is charged with murder. Seven months pregnant, she ignores her attorneys\' advice to play on the jury\'s sympathy and appears emotionless on the stand, convincing onlookers she is guilty of the crime of which she is accused. As the trial progresses, Michael\'s faith in his religion and his belief in his wife disintegrate, and he stumbles through his testimony, suggesting he is concealing the truth. In October 1982, Lindy is found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour, while Michael is found guilty as an accessory and given an 18-month suspended sentence. More than three years later, while searching for the body of an English tourist who fell from Uluru, police discover a small item of clothing that is identified as the jacket Lindy had insisted Azaria was wearing over her jumpsuit, which had been recovered early in the investigation. She is immediately released from prison, the case reopened and all convictions against the Chamberlains overturned.'] ["During World War II, a three year-old boy is found wandering alone in Germany. No family can be traced, and it is presumed that his parents and siblings have been casualties of war. The child is placed in an orphanage, from where he is subsequently adopted by a childless couple, who he grows to love and accept as his parents. When the boy is 10 years old, his natural mother is found alive in Yugoslavia where she has survived the war as a refugee. She returns to Germany to claim her child, having lost her husband and two other children in the war. The film focuses on the moral dilemma of the situation: should the child remain with the adoptive parents who have given him a loving and happy home, or be returned to his natural mother who has lost everything else, and to what extent should the child's own wishes be taken into account? The case is finally referred to a three-man court, who will decide the child's future."] ["Polly Adler is a poor Polish immigrant who works in a sweatshop. She loses her job after she is sexually assaulted by a coworker, for which her boss blames her. Her next apartment is in a building owned by Frank Costigan, a gangster. Frank approves of Polly's attractive girlfriends and pays her to have the ladies go out socially with his friends. One thing leads to another and soon Polly is the madam of a bordello. She has genuine feelings for a musician, Casey Booth, but does not reveal her true occupation to him. Costigan becomes the top enforcer for mob boss Lucky Luciano and backs Polly's business, which ends up on Park Avenue offering high-class call girls. Casey proposes marriage, so Polly finally confesses what she does for a living. He is willing to overlook it, but Polly feels it is for the best if they part."] ['It is 1949, and colonial Nigeria is undergoing an identity crisis. There is a clash between the progressive, educated elements of society - those who desire westernization and modernity- and traditionalists who want to maintain Nigerian heritage. Two young African teachers, Iruka and Dominic  decide the village of Udi should have a maternity home, itself a symbol of progressiveness and modernization. The British District Officer, E.R. Chadwick , after some persuasion, assents to this decision and agrees to provide the resources for the project. Before work can begin, Chadwick wants to ensure that everyone in the village is on-board for the task, but it quickly becomes clear that this is not the case. A man named Eze , an elderly resident, believes that building the maternity home is both an affront to the tradition and culture of the village, and works to persuade others towards his view. Chadwick visits the village in an attempt to convince the villagers otherwise, a task in which he ultimately succeeds. Work on the maternity home begins in earnest. Although it will prove a long, arduous process, the villagers band together to construct the building. They are interrupted by Eze, who arrives at the building site and claims that it is an old burial ground. He predicts that the builders will invoke the ire of the ancestors for disturbing the site and violating custom. Cultural values quickly manifest. Fear and superstition briefly stop the work, but Chadwick and Dominic arrive to allay the workers\' fears and restart the building project. However, Eze’s threat looms large in the back of their minds. In time the building is complete, but before it is set to officially open, a young woman and her husband arrive in the village. The woman is in labor, and so Chadwick and the midwife  agree to admit the woman as the home\'s first patient. That evening, while tending the woman, the midwife catches sight of movement and hears noises coming from outside. Frightened, she soon hears a knock at the door, but it turns out only to be Iruka coming to check up on the expectant mother. Relieved, the midwife resumes her work while Iruka sets a pot of water to boil on the fire. Shortly thereafter, there is another noise, and when looking out the window the midwife spots a masked figure peering in. Believing the masked figure to be a spirit of the ancestors, the midwife cries out in fear, but Iruka throws the boiling water onto the figure, revealing Eze, who flees back into the surrounding overgrowth. The next day the villagers march up to the maternity home for the opening ceremony, a traditional one complete with dancing, music, singing, and native costumes. Chadwick takes the center seat in front of the maternity home to watch the events, with, interestingly enough, Eze sitting near him. Eze has finally accepted that tradition and progress, as visible in the final scene, can go together after all. In the closing narration, Chadwick tells the viewer that progress brings "power, spirit, unlimited and unknown possibilities and destinations" and suggests that progress should be the ultimate goal of native society.'] ["The true story of Barbara Daly Baekeland , her husband Brooks Baekeland , heir to the Bakelite plastics fortune, and their only child Antony . The story begins with Antony's birth and follows the family to the time of his arrest for the murder of his mother."] ['On December 8, 1980, Mark David Chapman shocked the world by murdering 40-year old musician and activist, John Lennon, outside The Dakota, his New York apartment building. Chapman\'s motives were fabricated from pure delusion, fueled by an obsession with the fictional character Holden Caulfield and his similar misadventures in J.D. Salinger\'s The Catcher in the Rye. In one instant, an anonymous, 25-year old, socially awkward and mentally unstable fan of The Beatles, who had fluctuated between idealizing Lennon and being overcome with a desire to kill him, altered the course of history. A man whose painfully restless mind thrashes about uncontrollably between paranoia, sociopathic lying and delusion is summed up in such character revealing comments as "I\'m too vulnerable for a world full of pain and lies" and "Everyone is cracked and broken. You have to find something to fix you. To give you what you need. To make you whole again." From his lies to cab drivers  to his socially unacceptable behavior around Jude, a young fan he meets outside The Dakota, to his argument with paparazzi photographer Paul, Chapman keeps the psychoses bubbling below the surface as his grasp on reality deteriorates into a completely misguided rage.'] ['The story follows a young teacher  in 1969 assigned to isolated Yamacraw Island off the coast of South Carolina populated mostly by poor black families. He finds out that the children as well as the adults have been isolated from the rest of the world and speak a dialect called Gullah and "Conrack" is their way of saying his name "Conroy." The school is a two room school with the Principal  teaching grades one through four and Conrack teaching the higher grades. He discovers that they know very little. He tries to teach them about the outside world and comes in conflict both with the principal and Mr. Skeffington , the superintendent. This comes to a head when he takes them to Beaufort on the mainland to go trick or treating, which the superintendent has forbidden. He also must overcome parental fears of "the river." As a result, he\'s fired. As he leaves the island for the last time, the children come out to see him leave, bringing along a record player on which they play the beginning movement of Beethoven\'s Fifth Symphony as he leaves. This film was shot in and around Brunswick, Georgia and used pupils from C.B. Greer Elementary school as the cast of students.{{fact}}'] ['An Iranian physician, Sayed Bozorg "Moody" Mahmoody  desires to visit his family in Iran and asks his American wife, Betty  and their daughter Mahtob to join him, as they have never met Betty or Mahtob. However, after spending two weeks in Iran, Moody reveals that he has been fired from the clinic for racial reasons and wishes for them to stay in Iran. Betty disagrees, and Moody suddenly becomes domineering and violent, taking advantage of Islamic Laws to torment Betty whenever she disagrees with him, and forbidding her from leaving the house and using the telephone. Betty briefly manages to visit the American Interests Division of the Swiss Embassy, but she is told that she has effectively been stripped of her American citizenship and is now an Iranian citizen for marrying an Iranian. Knowing that her chances of escaping are limited, Betty plays the part of devout Muslim wife to gain Moody and his family\'s trust. During a trip to the market, a sympathetic shopkeeper overhears her speaking to the Embassy on the telephone and puts her in contact with a friendly smuggler, Hossein , who offers Betty and Mahtob safe passage through the Persian Gulf. Due to the Iran-Iraq war, the Gulf becomes too dangerous, so Hossein books a flight back to America for Betty and Mahtob. However, Betty receives word that her father is critically ill and may die soon. Moody, who by now trusts Betty fully, gives his permission to return to see him, but will not allow her to take Mahtob with her. Furthermore, Moody books a flight for Betty a few days before the one scheduled by Hossein, complicating things more. Finally, the night before Betty\'s flight to America, Moody receives a call from his clinic requesting him to return for emergency treatment. As this may be her last chance to escape with Mahtob, Betty feigns going out with Mahtob to get some presents for her father and meets up with Hossein and his sister. Under Hossein\'s advice, Betty calls Moody and pretends to agree to meet him with a lawyer the next day so as to stall him. Hossein sends Betty and Mahtob off with the smugglers, and using fake IDs and documents, make their way past the checkpoints. Despite the difficult journey, in which one smuggler demands Betty\'s jewellery as payment and later attempts to rape her, only to be sent away by the other smuggler, Betty and Mahtob are finally dropped off in Turkey, the remaining smuggler returning their things to them as a sign of apology. Weary from the long trip, Betty and Mahtob see the American Embassy in the distance.'] ["Captain David O'Keefe , seeking his fortune in the 19th century South Pacific, decides to enlist island natives to harvest copra, but runs into a wall of cultural problems. Backed by a Chinese dentist, he obtains a ship and sets about harvesting copra while fending off cantankerous native chieftains and evil German empire-builders. The natives, happy with their existence, see no reason to work hard to obtain copra, either for a German trading company or for O'Keefe. He finally motivates them by showing them how to produce large quantities of their valued coinage."] ["In 1940, the Nazis invade the Netherlands. Miep Gies is a young woman, and an office assistant of Otto Frank, who is Jewish. As the Nazis begin to kill the Jews, Otto Frank become worried about his family. In July 1942, Otto Frank decides to hide his family after his daughter Margot is called to appear for transport to a Nazi labour camp. Miep, who is trusted by Otto, hides them in the attic above the office, that was called The Annexe. The film tells the true story of Gies' struggle to keep the family hidden and safe, as the Nazis turn Amsterdam upside-down. A few days later, the van Daans join the Franks in hiding, and after some months Albert Dussel, a Jewish dentist, joins them in hiding. Miep, her husband Jan Gies, along with Miep's fellow office workers Mr Kraler, Mr Koophuis, and Elli actively helps the innocent Jews to hide. Miep is never able to keep these hiders out of her thoughts, and she does her best to protect them. But all her efforts are destroyed in August 4, 1944. The Gestapos get informed about the hiders, and they come to the building to arrest them. Mr Kraler and Mr Koophuis are arrested with the hiders, while Miep is spared because she was born in Vienna, and Karl Silberbauer, the Gestapo officer who arrested the hiders, was also born in Vienna. So, out of mercy, Silberbauer spares Miep. After the arrest, Miep and Jan go to the Annex, and Miep finds Anne Frank's diary in the floor of Anne's room, and she collects it before the Annex is emptied by the Nazis. A day later, Miep decides to bribe Silberbauer in return of her friends, but Silberbauer denies. The war is finished a few months later, and Otto Frank safely returns to Amsterdam. Miep and Jan shelter him. Otto tells Miep that Mrs Frank had died in the Auschwitz concentration camp, and Mr van Daan was gassed by the Nazis in Auschwitz. However, Anne, Margot and Mrs van Daan were sent to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, which was not a death camp, and Otto has high hopes for them. But a few days later, a letter comes to Otto informing him that Anne and Margot had died in Bergen-Belsen. Otto sadly informs it to Miep, who becomes very sad. Miep then takes Anne's diary from her drawer, and gives it to Otto Frank. She hadn't read the diary. While Otto sadly reads Anne's diary, Miep goes to Anne's room in the hiding place, and sits in a chair sadly. Miep then goes out of the building, and the films ends with Miep cycling to her home, and we hear a quotation of Miep."] ['Based on true events that occurred 1—12 July 1916 in Central and Southern New Jersey, as recounted in the book of the same name by Richard Fernicola, the film recounts the 12 days during which people along the Jersey coast were subject to attacks by a shark . Initially, the authorities hesitated to take action, and the issue of sacrificing the safety of human beings for the sake of business was raised. After the second attack, modest precautions were taken, and scientific experts and civil authorities published assurances that area beaches had been made safe again. On 12 July a shark was sighted swimming into the freshwater canal of Matawan Creek—one expert who had come to capture the animal speculated that this indicated a bull shark. Children and young adults swimming upstream in the creek were attacked. After the shark was finally captured offshore, an autopsy was performed, and it is said that 15 pounds of human flesh with bones were found in its stomach. In the end, four people had been killed and a fifth badly injured. The remains of one young boy were never recovered. Because a propensity for human flesh is unnatural, scientists are still investigating why this shark did what it did.'] ['Based on the true story of Jessica McClure, the baby who fell down an abandoned water well while playing one afternoon in her back yard in Midland, Texas. She was stuck in the well about 20 to 30 feet down and it took rescuers 58 hours to get her out. There was fear that if they shook the ground too much with machinery they could cause Jessica to fall further down and die. Rescuers managed to successfully excavate alongside the well shaft and bring "Baby Jessica" to safety.'] ['Alison Gertz  is an upscale and self-assured Manhattanite. At the age of sixteen, Gertz meets a bartender named Darren and has an one-night stand with him. This results in her contracting HIV. The film shows how Gertz overcomes her fears and becomes an advocate educating high schoolers and collegians.'] ['On August 2, 1990, with Iraqi forces and tanks roll into Kuwait City, as the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait begins. In Atlanta, CNN picks Robert Wiener  and his crew to go to Baghdad and cover the invasion. At Rome International Airport, Wiener meets his colleague and producer Ingrid Formanek . Wiener and his crew arrive in Baghdad on August 23, and stay at the Al-Rasheed Hotel. As they settle in their hotel rooms, they notice that they are being monitored. The crew report their first story on a young British boy held as a hostage by Saddam Hussein . As they continue to report stories, they get pressured by the Iraqi government. Wiener later meets the Iraqi Minister of Information Naji Al Hadithi , and requests pieces of equipment and an interview with Hussein. As the movie goes on, Wiener and Al Hadithi become friends. Wiener and his crew get access to interview Americans forced to stay in the country by the Iraqi government. The Iraqis use the American hostages as human shields for potential bombing sites. After Wiener\'s crew interview an American named Bob Vinton , Vinton goes missing. Wiener becomes worried about Vinton. Later, Al Hadithi gives CBS and Dan Rather the Saddam Hussein interview. Instead of the Hussein interview, Al Hadithi gives Wiener and his crew a trip to Kuwait. They arrive in Jahra Air Force Base, Kuwait on October 17. The crew cover the incubator story in three hospitals, but then Iraqis call off the interviews because the CNN crew broke some ground rules. As soon as they arrive back in Baghdad, Wiener and the crew become the story as the only Americans to be in Kuwait. After an argument between Wiener and Al Hadithi, Al Hadithi agrees to give CNN a Saddam Hussein interview. On October 29, Bernard Shaw  and the CNN crew interview Saddam Hussein at one of his presidential palaces. In the interview, Hussein states that Iraq withdrawing from Kuwait would be like the U.S. withdrawing from Hawaii. The crew then covers the release of American hostages from Iraq. Wiener then finds Bob Vinton and is emotionally moved by his being safe. The United Nations gives Iraq until January 15, 1991 to withdraw from Kuwait, or face military action. As the deadline comes to an end the crew sees that the Iraqi Army is installing anti-aircraft guns in Baghdad. The crew then gets a piece of equipment called the four-wire, which gives them communications to CNN in Atlanta. The four-wire is essentially a direct phone line to their CNN facility in Jordan. From that point it can hit the satellite above and then go to Atlanta, CNN headquarters. The Iraqis eventually find out that the crew have established communication with Atlanta. The CNN crew is the only foreign news group with the four wire. On January 9, the crew eventually believe that there will be war. Bernard Shaw arrives in Baghdad again on January 13 to interview Saddam Hussein again at the deadline. As soon as the deadline expires, streets in Baghdad are empty and businesses are shut down. Americans and foreign news groups begin evacuating Baghdad on January 15 in fear of American bombing strikes. Wiener decides to stay, and some members of the crew decide to leave. At around 3 a.m. on January 17, U.S. F-117 Nighthawk Stealth Fighters begin to bomb Baghdad. Iraqi soldiers begin to fire anti-aircraft guns into the sky to shoot down the bombers. As soon as the bombing strikes begin, CNN correspondents Bernard Shaw , John Holliman  and Peter Arnett  begin to report and describe the bombings on the four-wire communicator. The reports are broadcasted live on CNN in America. The film shows the points of view from Saddam Hussein and U.S. President George H. W. Bush watching the CNN reports. It also intersperses actual archival footage of news anchors from rival networks, having to report off CNN\'s live feed, since CNN was the only news source transmitting during the bombing of Bagdad. Other archival footage is of Dick Cheney, during a news conference as Bush\'s Defense Secretary, stating "The best coverage I\'ve seen of what transpired in Baghdad was on CNN", and NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw stating, "CNN used to be called the little network that could. It\'s no longer a little network." At around 5 a.m., the crew is forced to stop reporting by Al Hadithi and Iraqi soldiers. Most of the crew leaves Baghdad, including Formanek and Shaw. Wiener stays, returning to America on January 23. The film ended showing the destruction of buildings from bombings in Baghdad.'] ['Dieter Dengler , a German-born U.S. Navy pilot in squadron VA-145, is shot down in his A-1 Skyraider over Laos in February 1966, while on a combat mission. He survives the crash only to be pursued, and ultimately captured, by the Pathet Lao. Dengler is given the chance for leniency by the Province Governor  if he signs a document condemning America, but he refuses. He is tortured and taken to a prison camp. There he meets fellow American military soldiers and pilots, such as Gene DeBruin  and Duane W. Martin , some of whom have been captive for years. Dengler begins planning an escape, much to the disbelief of his fellow combatants, who have been downtrodden through physical and psychological torture by the camp guards. Eventually, all the prisoners agree to escape, only Dengler and Martin follow through with the plan as the others disappear and are not seen again in the film. Dengler and Martin try to reach the Mekong River to cross over into Thailand, but Martin is killed by a mob of angry villagers. Eventually, Dengler is rescued by an American helicopter but sequestered in a hospital due to the secret nature of his mission. He is visited by some of his squadron who covertly takes him back to his ship, where he is welcomed as a hero by the crew.'] ["In 1943, Colonel Greg Brandon , stationed at an United States Army Air Forces 8th Air Force, 103rd Bomb Group base in England, repeatedly attempts to persuade superiors that massive daylight bombing will hasten the end of World War II. In spite of the mission's extreme difficulty, his plan is finally put into effect against a German aircraft factory. During preparation for the raid, Brandon alienates his men by insisting that normal bombing operations continue. His disdain for cautious Lieutenant Archer  and brash RAF Wing Commander Trafton Howard  further antagonizes his associates, including his girl friend, WAC Lieutenant Gabrielle Ames . When his bomber crashes the morning of the mission, Brandon boards a bomber manned by Archer and Howard. During the effective air raid, he is impressed by Archer's courage and Howard's judgment."] ["This version of Operation Entebbe is believed to be fairly accurate.{{whom}} A fourth hostage, Dora Bloch, who had been taken to Mulago Hospital in Kampala, was murdered by the Ugandans on Idi Amin's orders."] ['The film starts with a quote from Lawrence\'s book Seven Pillars of Wisdom which is used for the title of the film: "All men dream: but not equally. Those who dream in the dark recesses of the night awake in the day to find all was vanity. But the dreamers of day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, and make it possible." Feisal arrives at the post-war Paris Peace Conference  to claim Syria for Arab rule after the break-up of the Ottoman Empire. He is delayed by French diplomats uncertain of his intentions. Lawrence joins Feisal\'s negotiating staff despite attempts by the French  to exclude the Arabs altogether.  Lawrence defends Feisal’s claim to Syria by citing previous British offerings to Feisal’s father in a “secret letter”, as well as their joint triumphant march into Damascus against the Turks. Feisal\'s main demand is for Syria to be governed by Arabs. France has a stake there, however, and has made previous colonial agreements with Great Britain which complicate matters.″A Dangerous Man: Lawrence after Arabia″. Nothing is Written Film Lawrence\'s newly gained popularity after World War I poses a further complication, as popular movies promote him, a white European, as the "Uncrowned King of Arabia". The wartime friendship between him and Feisal is thereby strained. As negotiations reach a peak, Lawrence is called away to his dying father’s bedside. He arrives too late to see his father alive, and must leave too soon to see him buried. Throughout the film, Lawrence is shown writing what would become his life\'s work, Seven Pillars of Wisdom. As in the 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia and many biographies, the film suggests that Lawrence favors relationships with men over women. Ralph Fiennes plays Lawrence as hesitant in the public eye, smiling when forced to, knowing when to be hard in his negotiations, and completely alien to the world of women.'] ["Dr Bernard Abrams , an Ohio optometrist, and his wife Shirley Abrams  have a six-year old daughter that suffers from a rare form of epilepsy. The child's paraplegic doctor  cares for her. As the little girl's parents they need to have a drug approved from the Food and Drug Administration . However the process is slow and they are forced to fly to England to obtain the medication. They take their cause to the media in order to highlight their case and force the FDA to expedite its decision on use in America."] ['During World War II and a few months prior to the Normandy landings, Gus Lang, an Allied agent, is sent to occupied France in order to rescue an "overlord" captured by the Germans - one of the key people with intimate knowledge of when and where the D-Day invasion will actually occur. Several people will help him to succeed: a secret friend of the Allies, a vital German officer who is a highly placed mole, and the French resistance. The SS, however, will try to block their plans.'] ["Karen Silkwood , a worker at the Kerr-McGee Cimarron Fuel Fabrication Site , shares a ramshackle house with two co-workers, her boyfriend Drew Stephens  and her lesbian friend Dolly Pelliker . She makes plutonium fuel rods for nuclear reactors, where she deals with the threat of exposure to radiation. She has become a union activist, concerned that corporate practices may adversely affect the health of workers. She is also engaged in a conflict with her former common-law husband in an effort to have more time with their three children. Because the plant has fallen behind on a major contract, employees are required to work long hours of overtime. She believes that managers are falsifying safety reports and cutting corners wherever possible, risking the welfare of the personnel. Karen approaches the union with her concerns and becomes active in lobbying for safeguards. She travels to Washington, D.C. to testify before the Atomic Energy Commission. She interacts with union officials who appear to be more interested in the publicity she is generating than her welfare and that of her co-workers. When Silkwood and other workers become contaminated by radiation, plant officials try to blame her for the incident. When she discovers that negatives of photographs of faulty fuel rods have been retouched and records of inadequate safety measures have been altered, she decides to conduct an investigation of her own. Complications arise in her personal life when Angela, a funeral parlor beautician, joins the household as Dolly's lover. Unable to deal with Silkwood's obsession with gathering evidence, her lover Drew moves out. Once she feels she has gathered sufficient documentation, Silkwood contacts a reporter from the New York Times and arranges a nighttime meeting. In the film's final moments, the scene fades out as Silkwood, on her way to the meeting, sees approaching headlights in her rear-view mirror, which draw up so close that they blind her and make her unable to watch the road ahead. The scene fades in on the aftermath of her fatal one-car crash, and the viewer is left to decide whether the crash was an accident."] ['The movie showcases the first 48 hours of the hijacking, until Derickson\'s liberation. After the aircraft leaves Athens, Derickson is forced at gunpoint to the flight deck door by "Castro", one of the terrorists. She is able to defuse the situation by communicating with him in German, convincing him to release hostages upon landing in Beirut and Algiers and pleading for the other hijacker to stop harming the passengers. Her efforts are shown to save the lives of all but one hostage, Robert Stethem, whose body was thrown on the tarmac in Beirut.'] ['Sunday, March 3, 1946. In the small town of Texarkana, Arkansas, Sammy and Linda Mae are out parking in a car. The car hood pops open and a man wearing a hood over his face takes something from the engine. Sammy realizes that someone is out there and fruitlessly tries starting the car as the hooded man breaks the drivers side car window with a pipe and pulls Sammy out. Linda Mae screams, and the man goes for her as well. Linda Mae is found lying severely wounded on the side of the road the following morning and both she and Sammy are taken to a nearby hospital. A doctor tells Deputy Ramsey and Sheriff Barker that Linda Mae was "bitten" and "literally chewed" on different parts of her body by the assailant. Police Chief Sullivan asks about the Lovers Lane Case and he tells the other officers to warn people about parking on lonely roads. Ramsey states his belief that the mysterious person will strike again. On March 24, Howard and his girlfriend, Emma Lou, go out driving in the rain. After hearing gunshots, Ramsey, patrolling in his car, finds Howard\'s parked car, but no one around. Ramsey hears more gunshots and in the woods he finds Howard and Emma Lou, both dead, having been shot several times. The hooded killer gets in the parked car and drives away. Since the killer, now known as "The Phantom", seems to have no motive the townspeople begin to dread sundown. A few days later, Ramsey goes to the nearby train station to meet Captain Morales, a famous criminal investigator and Texas Ranger who arrives in Texarkana to find the killer. Morales has the officers set up a curfew for the entire town. Many people are on the case, including the FBI who arrive in town to assist. But a number of criminals and crazy people come forward admitting to the murders, while a horde of other citizens are demanding protection. Ramsey tells Morales that on April 14, 21 more days after the second attack, the killer may strike again. Morales sets up decoys . That very night at the local Junior and High Schools Prom, many people leaving under the watchful eyes of the police officers nearby. Peggy gets her trombone and leaves with her boyfriend Roy. Roy suggests parking at their favorite spot, despite Peggy\'s wariness over the recent murders. After making out, the two of them nod off and wake up in their car at 2:40 in the morning. As Roy starts the car and begins to drive away, the Phantom jumps on their car, grabs Roy and causes both of them to fall out. The Phantom whacks Roy on the head with a pistol and chases Peggy down, and ties her to a tree. A dazed Roy gets up and tries to run away, but the killer shoots him dead. The killer gets Peggy\'s trombone, attaches a knife to the end and "plays" the instrument, stabbing Peggy in the back a few times, killing her. The next day, Morales is upset that the Phantom was able to kill again with all the law officers out looking for him. In a nearby diner, Morales, Ramsey and the group talk to Dr. Kress, who says that the Phantom is apparently motivated by a strong sex drive and will probably not get caught. He also says that the killings are like a game to the Phantom. Morales asks the doctor if the killer is insane, in which Dr. Kress replies "oh, yes!" At a nearby table, an unseen man,  stands up and walks out of the diner unnoticed after he has apparently heard everything the officers were talking about. Back at the station, Morales talk to a man named Johnson, who says that he was held at gunpoint by a man claiming to have killed five people. Morales and Ramsey get a call about an armed man. They spot him speeding away from a store and chase him down. The man, Eddie, is arrested after they find that he is driving a stolen car. Johnson identifies him as the man with the gun. Under interrogation, Eddie says that he is the Phantom, but Morales does not believe him and correctly suspects that Eddie is just another nutcase who wants to confess to being the killer in order to gain publicity and fame. On Friday, May 3, Helen Reed drives away after grocery shopping and is unknowingly followed by the unseen killer who is identified by his familiar boots. While she is at home in a remote farmhouse, her husband, Floyd, in the living room, is sitting in an armchair reading a newspaper when the Phantom walks up to the window and shoots him twice with a silenced pistol. Helen only hears the breaking glass and enters the living room to see Floyd fall out of his chair to the floor dead with two bullet wounds in the back of his head and neck. Helen runs to a phone to call the police when the killer bursts into the house though the front door and shoots Helen twice in the face. While the Phantom enters the living room to look at Floyd\'s dead body, Helen, despite having a through-and-through bullet wound through her mouth and right cheek, and grazed by the second bullet on her head, manages to crawl out of the house through the back door and stumbles into a cornfield. The Phantom follows her out with a pick axe. After a cat-and-mouse game of hiding in the cornfield, Helen gets to a nearby house and bangs on the door and windows yelling for help. A concerned farmer, armed with a shotgun, comes out to help her in. The killer, seeing the man with a gun, angrily flees. The next day, Ramsey and Morales get a call about an abandoned car that fits the description of the car Ramsey saw that rainy night. They find the car and they get some shotguns from their police car and run off into the woods to look for the Phantom. They find the Phantom walking around an old quarry with the hood still on him. Morales and Ramsey chase the Phantom through the woods to railroad tracks where the Phantom jumps over the tracks and a moving train gets between them. Morales fires under the moving train and hits the killer in his left leg. The Phantom manages to stumble away into the woods on the other side of the tracks. Over the next few days, police officers and Bloodhound dogs search the woods and the nearby swamps, but the wounded killer is not found. Afterwards, the killings stop, but the fear continues to this day. The voice-over narrator explains that no one ever found out what happened to the Phantom.'] ["In 1998, a young gay man by the name of Matthew Shepard was robbed, viciously beaten and left tied to a fence to die. Although he was soon found by the police and hospitalized, he soon expired. This film recounts the events after the conviction of the two men responsible for this hate motivated murder. Matthew's parents, though satisfied by the conviction, are finding the sentencing phase of the trial more difficult. The parents initially want to request the death penalty for their son's murderers, but the mother, Judy Shepard , starts to reconsider. As they struggle with their decision, they decide to reexamine the life of their son and rediscover his personality, his struggle to accept his homosexuality as a natural part of his being and above all, his generous humanity to others. All of this leads the parents to appeal to the court the way their son would have wanted, not out of vengeance but to represent best of what their son was and the tragedy of his loss."] ['The film, which claims to be a true story, sets out to detail the existence of the "Fouke Monster", a bigfoot-like creature that has reportedly been seen by residents of a small Arkansas community since the 1950s. It is described as having a foul odor, completely covered in reddish-brown hair and having 3 toes and also known by leaving tracks found in beanfields. Several locals from the small town of Fouke, Arkansas recall their stories, often appearing as themselves, claiming that the creature has killed several large hogs as well as other animals. In one scene, a kitten is shown as having been "scared to death" by the creature. The narrator informs us that while people have shot at the creature in the past, it has always managed to escape. In another scene, hunters attempt to pursue the creature with dogs, but the dogs refuse to give chase. A police constable states that while driving home one night, the creature suddenly ran across the road in front of him. In a later sequence, culled from the actual newspaper accounts inspiring the film, the creature is shown menacing a family in a remote country house. After being fired upon, the creature attacks, sending one family member to the hospital.'] ['Police officer Frank Spivey ([[Steven Weber  is eating lunch in his squad car when he happens upon a crazed man with a meat cleaver forcing a young woman  onto the ground. When Spivey intervenes, the man tells Spivey that he "doesn\'t know what she is," forcing Spivey to shoot the man before he kills her. As he begins to console her, he first notices that although she has an attractive body, her face is horrifically disfigured. Despite his initial revulsion, she cuddles into his arms and he finds himself affectionately drawn to her. At the police station his partner continues to kid on about the whole situation, trying to get him to forget about the shooting and the female. Still oddly drawn to her, Spivey excuses himself from his partner. That night he goes home and his wife Ruby , attempts to console him after learning of the shooting. As they begin to make love, he keeps picturing the woman and begins to anally rape his wife. She eventually forces him off her as he has lost himself in his fantasy of the woman. The next day, after a female detective interrogates the mystery woman, the detective relates to Spivey that the girl\'s name is probably Jenifer, since it was on a note in the man\'s pocket, and that she is mute and most likely retarded. Spivey visits Jenifer at the mental hospital to check on her. A male orderly comments that she has been frightening the male staff. When he enters her room, she is still in the shower and runs to embrace him despite being completely nude. Frank takes her to his home because he can find nowhere else that will take her. That night he dreams of a non-disfigured Jenifer seducing him, when he awakes she\'s standing in the room, and his wife and his son Pete  first experience her with varying degrees of disgust. His wife issues an ultimatum that it will be her or Jenifer staying there, so he again goes out to search for a place to take her. This time instead of looking, he is seduced by Jenifer in his car. When he brings her home she frightens away Frank\'s wife and son, devours his cat, and murders and eats his young neighbor Amy . Frank finally attempts to get a circus worker to kidnap her and put her in his freak show. When he arrives home, he finds Jenifer covered in blood and the circus worker dead in his refrigerator. Frank takes Jenifer and flees to an abandoned cabin in the woods where she hopefully can\'t hurt anyone. Frank gets a job at a small market and begins to slip out of Jenifer\'s spell. One day however, Jenifer spies him with the attractive owner of the store and follows the shop owner\'s son to a party. There she lures him into the woods and seduces him. Much like Frank he is repulsed by her face, but makes no effort to turn her away. In looking for Jenifer in the cabin cellar, Frank discovers her devouring the boy and snaps. Grabbing her by the hair he forces her through the woods to kill her. Just as he\'s about to strike her down a deer hunter shoots and kills Frank. Frank\'s last words are Jenifer as the deer hunter moves to comfort her... just as Frank had done.'] ['Mary Griffith  is a devout Christian who raises her children with the conservative teachings of the Presbyterian Church. However, when her son Bobby  confides to his older brother that he may be gay, life changes for the entire family after Mary learns about his secret. Bobby\'s father and siblings slowly come to terms with his homosexuality, but Mary believes that God can "cure" him. She takes him to a psychiatrist and persuades Bobby to pray harder and seek solace in Church activities in hopes of changing him. Desperate for his mother\'s approval, Bobby does what is asked of him, but through it all, the Church\'s disapproval of homosexuality and his mother\'s attempts to suppress his growing behaviors in public causes him to grow increasingly withdrawn and depressed. Stricken with guilt, Bobby moves away with his cousin, hoping that some day, his mother will accept him. He moves to Oregon, giving up on his hopes of defeating homosexuality. He finds a boyfriend, David ([[Scott Bailey , at a gay bar. However, Mary makes it clear that she still does not want her son to continue as he is. Despite meeting David\'s parents, who assure them that things will change, Bobby continues thinking of his mother\'s words, and also sees David with another man. Finally, Bobby\'s subsequent depression and self-loathing intensifies as he blames himself for not being the "perfect" son, and one night, he free falls off a freeway bridge into the path of an oncoming eighteen-wheeler truck, which kills him instantly. The family receives the horrible news the following day, and is devastated. Faced with their tragedy, Mary begins to question herself and her Church\'s interpretation of the Scripture. Through her long and emotional journey, Mary slowly reaches out to the gay community and discovers unexpected support from a very unlikely source. She becomes acquainted with a local gay reverend, who convinces her to attend a meeting of Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays . It is there that she realizes that she knew Bobby was different from conception and that his true value was in his heart. {{cquote}} She becomes an advocate for gay rights and eventually gives a speech in a town council meeting in support of a local "gay day". She urges people to think before they say, voice, or support homophobia because "a child is listening". The measure is rejected, but she and her family travel to San Francisco with fellow PFLAG members and walk in a gay pride parade, during which she sees another young man just like Bobby observing the parade. She walks over and hugs him, finally coming to terms with her son\'s death and vowing to work hard for the rights of gays and lesbians.<ref namehttp://www.mylifetime.com/on-tv/movies/prayers-bobby |titleMyLifetime.com |accessdate = 2009-01-10 }}'] [" Based on the non-fiction book by Peter Maas, the film covers twelve years  in the life of Frank Serpico, a NYPD officer who wants to do the best he can as a policeman. Working as a uniformed patrolman, Serpico succeeds in every assignment. He moves on to plainclothes assignments, where he slowly discovers a hidden world of illicit activities among his own colleagues. After witnessing cops doing drugs, committing violence, taking paybacks and other forms of police corruption, Serpico decides to expose what he's seen, but he is harassed and threatened. The struggle leads to infighting within the police force, problems in his personal relationships, and life-threatening situations. Finally, after being shot in the face during a drug bust on February 3, 1971, he testifies before the Knapp Commission, which was a government inquiry into police corruption between 1970 and 1972."] ["The film opens with a scene of the three Soong sisters in their childhood during the late Qing Dynasty. Their father Charlie Soong demonstrates the wealth and prestige of his family by running one of the most successful printing businesses. The sisters later travel abroad to attend Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia, America. Of the three sisters, the eldest, Soong Ai-ling, is the first to get married in 1914. Her husband is K'ung Hsiang-hsi, a wealthy banker and the richest man in China at that time. Sun Yat-sen is a fugitive of the weakening Qing government and he lives in exile in Japan. He weds Soong Ching-ling, despite stern opposition from Charlie Soong. After the Qing Dynasty is overthrown by the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, Sun becomes the Republic of China's first provisional president and later founds the Kuomintang . Sun dies of liver cancer in 1925 and leaves his wife with his dying wish of Chinese reunification. Chiang Kai-shek succeeds Sun Yat-sen as the new chief of the Kuomintang. In 1927, he marries Soong May-ling, the youngest of the three sisters. The Chiang couple oppose the Communist Party. The widowed Soong Ching-ling often quarrels with the family, accusing Chiang Kai-shek and his followers of persecuting the Communists and hindering the Chinese reunification. She leaves the Kuomintang and openly voices dissent against Chiang. The three sisters were hardly reunited again, except at their parents' deathbeds and on other special occasions. While the Kuomintang and Communists are fighting with each other, the Empire of Japan takes advantage of the situation to invade China in the 1930s. In 1936, Chiang Kai-shek is kidnapped by Zhang Xueliang in the Xi'an Incident. He is forced to make peace with the Communists and focus on dealing with the Japanese invaders, leading to the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Chinese Civil War continues after the Japanese surrender in 1945 until around late 1949. The film ends with actual footage of the Kuomintang relocating the government of the Republic of China to Taiwan, and a quick glimpse of Communist leader Mao Zedong proclaiming the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949 in Beijing."] ['Brandon Teena  is a young female-to-male non-operative transgender man, whose birth name was Teena Renae Brandon. When Brandon is discovered to be anatomically female by the brother of a woman he once dated, he becomes the target of physical threats. Not long after, he is involved in a bar fight and is evicted from his cousin\'s trailer. Brandon moves to Falls City, Nebraska where he cultivates friendships with ex-convicts John Lotter  and Tom Nissen ,  and their friends Candace  and Lana Tisdel . Brandon becomes romantically involved with Lana, who is unaware of his biological sex and troubled past. The two make plans to move to Memphis, where Brandon will manage Lana in a karaoke career. Brandon is detained for charges that arose prior to his relocation and placed in the women\'s section of the Falls City prison. Lana bails Brandon out. After Lana asks why Brandon was in a women\'s prison, Brandon lies to her, saying he was born a hermaphrodite and will soon receive a sex change. Lana declares her love for Brandon, "no matter what he is." Tom and John become suspicious after they read a newspaper article about Brandon that refers to him by his birth name, Teena Brandon. Tom and John force Brandon to remove his pants, revealing his genitals. They try to make Lana look, but she shields her eyes and turns away. After this confrontation Tom and John chase Brandon to an isolated location, where they beat and violently rape him. Afterward, they take Brandon to Nissen\'s house. Though injured, Brandon escapes through a bathroom window. Having been threatened by his assailants and told not to report the attack to the police, a distressed Brandon is nonetheless convinced by Lana to file a report. One evening, John and Tom get drunk, and decide to kill Brandon. Despite Lana\'s attempts to stop them, John and Tom drive to Candace\'s remote house where they find Brandon, who has been hiding in a shed on Candace\'s property. John shoots Brandon under the chin, and Tom shoots Candace in the head while Lana fights them and screams for them to stop. John stabs Brandon\'s lifeless body and Tom attempts to shoot Lana, but is stopped by John. John and Tom flee the scene, while Lana lies with Brandon\'s dead body. The next morning, Lana wakes up on Brandon\'s dead body. Her mother arrives and takes an emotionally wrenched Lana away from the scene. The film ends with Lana leaving Falls City while a letter Brandon wrote her is read in a voice-over.'] ["On November 15, 1982, Janet Harduvel  is devastated by the news of the death of her husband Ted  who flew as a United States Air Force pilot in one of the world's most sophisticated fighter aircraft, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.Although accurately portrayed as primarily a fighter aircraft in the 1980s, the F-16 eventually evolved into a multirole combat aircraft.Sweetman 2009, p. 15. She is stymied in finding out the truth behind his crash in Korea and takes on the US military and General Dynamics, maker of the F-16. With the help of her lawyer, Leo Morrone , and her sister Mary , Harduvel begins the long process of unraveling the lies and deception that are behind a joint military and General Dynamics cover-up that blames the accident on pilot error. Despite setbacks, she proves to be unwavering in her search for the truth to clear his name and uncover the deadly secret buried in the F-16."] ['The film opens with the creation of the 1984 commercial for Apple Computer, which introduced the first Macintosh.Apple\'s 1984: The Introduction of the Macintosh in the Cultural History of Personal Computers. Duke University. Retrieved on 2011-10-07. Steve Jobs  is speaking with director Ridley Scott , trying to convey his idea that "We\'re creating a completely new consciousness." Scott, however, is more concerned at the moment with the technical aspects of the commercial. The film then flashes forward to 1997 as Jobs, who has returned to Apple, is announcing a new deal with Microsoft at the 1997 Macworld Expo. His partner, Steve Wozniak , is introduced as one of the two central narrators of the story. Wozniak notes to the audience the resemblance between "Big Brother" and the image of Bill Gates  on the screen behind Jobs during this announcement. Asking how they "got from there to here," the film turns to flashbacks of his youth with Jobs, prior to the forming of Apple. The first flashback of the film takes place on the U.C. Berkeley campus during the period of the early 1970s student movements. Jobs and Wozniak are shown caught on the campus during a riot between students and police. They flee and after finding safety, Jobs states to Wozniak, "Those guys think they\'re revolutionaries. They\'re not revolutionaries, we are." Wozniak then comments that "Steve was never like you or me. He always saw things differently. Even when I was in Berkeley, I would see something and just see kilobytes or circuit boards while he\'d see karma or the meaning of the universe." Using a similar structure, the film next turns to a young Bill Gates at Harvard University, in the early 1970s, with classmate Steve Ballmer , and Gates’ high school friend Paul Allen . As with Wozniak in the earlier segment, Ballmer narrates Gates\' story, particularly the moment when Gates discovers the existence of Ed Roberts\'  MITS Altair . Gates\' and Allen\'s early work with MITS is juxtaposed against the involvement of Jobs and Wozniak with the Homebrew Computer Club, eventually leading to the development of the Apple I in 1976 with the help of angel investor Mike Markkula . The story follows the protagonists as they develop their technology and their businesses. At a San Francisco computer fair where the Apple II computer is introduced, Gates , attempts to introduce himself to Jobs, who snubs him. This is followed by the development of the IBM-PC with the help of Gates and Microsoft in 1981. It also follows Jobs\' relationship with his high school girlfriend  and the difficulties he had acknowledging the birth and existence of their daughter, Lisa. Around the time his daughter was born, Jobs unveiled his next computer, which he named, The Lisa. The Lisa was then followed in 1984 by the Macintosh, a computer inspired by the Xerox Alto. The main body of the film finally concludes with a birthday toast in 1985 to Steve Jobs shortly before he was fired by CEO John Sculley  from Apple Computer. It also includes a brief epilogue, noting what happened afterward in the lives of Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. The movie ends with Steve Jobs returning to Apple after its acquisition of NeXT Computer, and Bill Gates appearing live via satellite at a MacWorld Expo in 1997, during Jobs\' first Stevenote keynote address, to announce an alliance between Apple and Microsoft.'] ["The film is a fictionalized biography of Fred Fisher, a German-born American writer of Tin Pan Alley songs. Tin Pan Alley promoter ([[Mark Stevens  turns serious composer Fred Breitenbach  into songwriter Fred Fisher. Fred Fisher is his assumed name in real life and Breitenbach is his birth surname. In the film, many Fisher songs were given a symphonic arrangement that was performed at Aeolian Hall. Among the Fisher songs heard were: * Chicago * Dardanella * Peg O' My Heart * Who paid the rent for Mrs. Rip Van Winkle?   {{OCLC}} {{OCLC}}"] ["High Roller is told in flashback. Ungar , in a motel room on the last night of his life, relates his life story to a stranger . He speaks of growing up as the son of a bookie, his career as a tournament gin player, moving into poker, his marriage and the birth of his daughter Stefanie, cocaine abuse, and the breakup of his marriage. The film climaxes with Ungar's third victory at the main event of the World Series of Poker a year before his passing. In the final scene, Ungar departs the motel room with the stranger ."] ['Alpha Dog is based on events that took place in 2000 and characters are given fictional names. The film is set in November 1999. It tells the story of Johnny Truelove , a young drug dealer in Claremont, California and his circle of friends, which includes Frankie Ballenbacher , Tiko "TKO" Martinez , and Elvis Schmidt . The film demonstrates internal gang dynamics and social context that contribute to the events leading to kidnapping and murder. The film starts with all the main characters, suspects, the victim, suspect\'s family, victim family, etc., as little children, playing around, reminiscing their childhood, when everything was carefree. At the end it shows Zack Mazursky. The films opens with an interviewer talking to Sonny  about his son, Johnny. Sonny is sarcastic and hostile, answering many questions with the phrase "I don\'t know anything about that." Johnny\'s father, Sonny Truelove, supplies his son with marijuana, which Johnny distributes to his gang of friends, including Jake Mazursky ([[Ben Foster . Jake owes Johnny a $1,200 drug debt. Mazursky makes a failed attempt at asking for the money from his stepmother, Olivia  and his biological father Butch ([[David Thornton . Olivia and Butch are dealing with their own problems in the form of their rebellious son Zack Mazursky . A fight between Jake and Johnny results in an escalating series of retaliations, which culminates in Johnny, Frankie, and Tiko kidnapping Zack, who they stumble upon while he is walking along the side of the road, just after running away from home. Wanting a break from his home life, Zack makes little effort to escape. Johnny, meanwhile, pawns Zack off on his right-hand man Frankie, who initially offers him a chance to get away. Zack declines the offer, not wanting to cause any trouble for his brother and the two strike up an unlikely friendship. Zack stays with Frankie at his father\'s house, does chores, and ingratiates himself with Frankie\'s friends, including Keith Stratten , and Julie , the youngest member of the group. By this point a number of hangers-on and friends of the gang know of Zack\'s kidnapping, though only Susan  seems concerned about it. Frankie grows nervous when Johnny hypothetically offers Frankie $2,500 to murder Zack and dispose of his body. Frankie furiously declines and Johnny claims it was a joke. Instead, Johnny agrees to Frankie\'s plan to pay Zack to keep his mouth shut. However, after a conversation with his lawyer and threatening phone calls from Jake, Johnny decides the risk of ending up in prison or getting killed is too great to let Zack go. Johnny calls Elvis and offers to erase a drug debt if he kills Zack. Meanwhile, at a raucous going-away party, Zack demonstrates his martial arts skills on Frankie, who realizes he could have escaped at any time. Frankie and his friends still believe Zack will be returning home at the end of the night. Zack has a good time, including hooking up with Julie and her friend Alma  when they were skinny-dipping in the pool. Julie gives Zach her number and Alma gives him a good-bye kiss on the cheek. Elvis arrives at the hotel where Zack is waiting to be picked up and struggles with Frankie before threatening him with death if he interferes with the hit. Elvis takes Keith to dig a grave while Frankie offers Zack a final opportunity to go home. Believing he is part of the group and will soon return home safely, Zack prefers to wait at the hotel for Elvis to come back. Meanwhile, Sonny, Cosmo , and Johnny\'s lawyer confront Johnny, who refuses to call off the hit. Frankie, Elvis, Zack, and Keith arrive in at the grave site. Zack is not aware of what\'s going on and grows suspicious when a deeply saddened Keith silently tells Frankie he can\'t go through with it, and, after giving Zack a goodbye hug, goes to wait in the car. Zack sees the grave and begins to break down, sobbing and begging Frankie and Elvis to let him go. Frankie tells Elvis that they shouldn\'t do it, but Elvis is keen on the job he\'s been given. Realizing now that there\'s no going back, Frankie calms Zack down and tells him that he would never hurt him, and ties a weeping Zack up with tape. He is astonished when Elvis violently knocks Zack into the grave with the shovel and then fires at Zack with a submachine gun, killing him. Frankie and Elvis then silently leave. Despite all the cover up, Zack\'s body is found three days later. The epilogue shows the aftermath of the crime. Olivia, now suffering from obesity and depression, is interviewed. She talks candidly about her failed suicide attempts and the loss that she has experienced from her son\'s murder. Susan confronts Frankie over Zack\'s death and goes to the authorities. Elvis is caught while trying to secure a ride out of L.A. Johnny flees the city and arrives at the house of an old school friend. The friend drives him back to his godfather Cosmo\'s  house, where he enters and is not seen again. Tiko, Frankie, and Keith are arrested. After being convicted, they all serve their respective sentences: Tiko serving nine years for the kidnapping; Keith serving at a juvenile facility until the age of 25 for digging Zack\'s grave and second-degree murder; Frankie serving a seven years to life for special circumstances of aggravated kidnapping. Elvis is put on death row for kidnapping and murdering Zack. Johnny, however, is nowhere to be found. The interviewer asks Sonny how Johnny was able to escape authorities for four years without help. Sonny assures him that he doesn\'t know where Johnny is. In 2005, after over five years of being on the America\'s Most Wanted list, Johnny is finally found and arrested in Paraguay. Text on the screen informs the audience that Johnny is in California awaiting trial, and, if proven guilty, faces the death penalty.'] ['When Hungarian physicist Leo Szilard leaves Europe he eventually arrives in the United States where, with the help of Albert Einstein, he persuades the Federal government to build an atomic bomb. General Leslie Groves selects physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer to head the Los Alamos Laboratory in New Mexico, where the bomb is built. As World War II draws to a close, Szilard  has second thoughts about atomic weapons and debates how and when to use the bomb. The film focuses on the organization and the politics of the whole affair, such as tensions between the scientists and the military, the communist affiliation of many scientists around that time, the  risks of espionage and the decision whether to use the bomb after Germany is defeated. Concerning the actual scientific work on the bomb, some of it is shown, but not explained, so an understanding of the workings of the bomb is needed to understand what is going on in that respect. The story starts with Leo Szilard fleeing Germany on the last train out and trying to convince the military that a nuclear bomb can be built and that the Germans are already working on it. In England, his idea is filed and ignored, so he travels to the USA, but there too, he has to wait a year until something is done with it and Project Manhattan is started. As Germany is being defeated and its scientists interrogated, it is found out that they have not even come close to constructing a nuclear bomb . Despite the fact that no one has the technology now, and the original reason for project Manhattan is gone, work continues. Szilard, who first used Einstein to get his ideas about building a bomb across to the US leaders, now convinces him to join him in writing a letter to the president to do the opposite, namely not to build the bomb, in order to avoid an arms race. 68 scientists sign a petition, but that is held back by the military. U.S. President Truman is faced with four options: peace talks , a blockade , an invasion , or dropping the bomb. Another consideration is that the USSR had said they would enter the war against Japan three months after the surrender of Germany and there is a fear that they might not leave. So Truman decides that the best course of action is to drop the bomb on Hiroshima, against the advice of General Eisenhower.'] ["The film starts just before World War II and shows the political and personal side of Benito Mussolini aka Il Duce's fall from power until his death and the end of the war. It delves into Il Duce's relationship with his son in-law, daughter, wife, mistress, and admiration of Hitler."] ['McMurphy  comes to Denver, Colorado to see Polly Pry  about the Packer case. As Pry leaves for her scheduled meeting with McMurphy, she is stalked and shot at by a gunman. The bullets hit her skirts and lessen the blows inflicted on her publishers behind her. McMurphy and Pry meet in a tavern to discuss the Packer story over whiskey. She begins with the five prospectors who will become victims meeting up for the first time at a boardinghouse, where the landlady  tells them that Alfred Packer is the best guide in the area. The men find Packer in a small prison, and pay his bail so that he can be their guide. They join together with the larger group, but are soon split up, and they get suckered into the hospitality of a trapper  and his sidekick, Weasel , who intend to rape George Noon . Packer and the men escape, but get hopelessly lost in Ute territory. When Packer is scouting ahead, he returns to find that Shannon Wilson Bell , a Mormon missionary, has killed and begun to eat the other prospectors. Packer and Bell fight; Bell falls, landing on a knife, and is killed. After several months, Packer comes out of the mountains into the nearest town and makes his report to General Adams . Later, while at Dolan\'s Bar, his story having been investigated, he is captured and brought to trial. The remainder of the film depicts his trial. Judge Gerry  reads his sentence as per the court records, though omitting the two consecutive repeats of "dead." As Packer walks through the courthouse door, a blue glow emanates from behind it, the image freezes, and, in voiceover and overlain title cards, Pry briefly summarizes what happened to Packer after the trial.'] ["The film tells the somewhat fictionalized rise and fall of Hollywood bombshell and sex symbol, Jayne Mansfield. The Jayne Mansfield Story opens in 1967 in Mississippi with Jayne Mansfield closing a show and then talking on a payphone with Mickey Hargitay about going on a new tour together. Intercut with scenes of Mansfield getting into a car and then crashing when the driver tries to overtake a spray truck is film of a teleprinter typing out the news of Mansfield's death. An announcer reads the text over both scenes. The film then goes to credits, intercut with still images of Mansfield as a child and young woman. The next scene is of an unnamed woman interviewing Hargitay about Mansfield . Hargitay shows her photos including one where a dark-haired Mansfield poses with a chimpanzee as a publicity stunt to promote a film premiere at the theater where she worked as a popcorn salesperson. . At a scene from the theater and at home Mansfield expresses her desire to act in films and she is shown as a single mother, taking care of her only daughter Jayne Marie after the father left because he disagreed with her acting ambition. In the next scene Mansfield approaches talent agent Bob Garrett on the street . She manages too convince Garrett to give her an audition for a one line part in a film after pushing her chest out and declaring that she has something more than Marilyn Monroe. At the audition, Mansfield declines to read the line given to her, opting instead to read a line from Come Back, Little Sheba. She doesn't get the part. Meeting later with Garrett, Mansfield makes a high pitched cooing sound and strikes a pose, asking rhetorically if this is what they want. Garrett tells her she might be on to something and tells her to lose weight and change her hair. Mansfield states that she'll project an airheaded bimbo image until her career gets going and then she'll switch to more serious roles. A month later Mansfield meets with Garrett at a car dealership, with blonde hair and wearing a pink polka-dot dress, she's received a pink Cadillac for free as promotion. Next, Mansfield appears at the Southern California press club , handing out Christmas presents while wearing a white fur trimmed bikini top and bottom. At a Florida poolside photoshoot, Mansfield pretends to fall in the pool , shouting that she can't swim to get the attention of the photographers who eagerly take pictures of her."] ['Set in a village in the 1890s, a woman  whose husband is away invites men into her home. This action offends the conservative villagers. One of the men who was invited in is found dead and the woman is suspected and judged for her immoral act rather than the crime of murder she may have committed.'] ['Christine Painter  is a sexually naive waitress and single-mother who pays for her teenage son\'s tuition by renting flats to local tarts. She later becomes a call girl herself - joining her friend Shirley  and their "maid" Dolly  - and specializes in fetish/kink roleplay with older gentlemen. With her new family of friends and admirers, she becomes a huge sensation leading to wealth and infamy in the tabloids. The brothel business also brings out Christine\'s self-confidence, and leads to repairing a previously strained relationship with her father.'] ['The title of the film is taken from Bentley\'s alleged cry of "Let him have it, Chris!" shortly before Christopher Craig shot and wounded the first policeman on the scene. Crown prosecutors suggested that Bentley meant "Go ahead and shoot him," whilst Frank Cassells for the defence argued that he meant "Give him the gun" . Craig was sentenced to gaol "at Her Majesty\'s pleasure", and spent ten years there. He has been a law abiding citizen ever since. Derek Bentley\'s father bought an expensive bottle of wine in 1958 to celebrate their victory should Derek be proved innocent. However, Bentley\'s parents never got to drink it. His father William Bentley died on 12 July 1974 and his mother died on 10 October 1976. The film\'s end titles state that Bentley\'s sister, Iris, was still fighting for his pardon, however seven years after the film was made and after numerous unsuccessful campaigns to get Derek Bentley a full pardon, his conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal on 30 July 1998. However, Bentley\'s sister had also died by this point.\'Craig\'s relief at Bentley Pardon\' BBC, 30th July 1998'] ["The drama is centred on two of the leading players and their respective companies in the home computer market of the late 1970s and early 80s focusing on the race to become the provider of a home computer for the BBC's programming for schools.<ref namehttp://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/gamesblog/2009/oct/08/armstrong-freeman-micro-men-bbc | titleThe Guardian | date13 March 2012 | author=Arnott, Jack}} Certain parts of the drama are based on historical fact whilst others are dramatisation and a version of events at the time."] ['It is based on the true story of Michael Francke, who was the Head of Corrections for the state of Oregon before being murdered. Just before his murder, Francke visits his brother and informs him of a drug ring involving his prison colleagues. When Michael is killed, his brother begins his own investigation into the murder, leading him to more lies and deceit.'] ["Le Ly Hayslip is a girl growing up in a Vietnamese village. Her life changes when the communist insurgents show up in the village to first fight the forces of France and then the United States. During the American involvement, Le Ly is captured and tortured by South Vietnamese government troops, and later raped by the Viet Cong because they suspect that she is a traitor. After the rape, her relationship with her village is destroyed, and she and her family are forced to move. Her family moves to Saigon and she is employed by a family there. The master of the household misleads her into believing that he genuinely cares for her, and she falls for him and gets pregnant by him. The master's wife becomes enraged and Le Ly's whole family is forced to move back to their former province. There she meets Steve Butler , a Gunnery Sergeant in the United States Marine Corps. When she first meets him she is not interested in a boyfriend or marriage, having been through so much suffering. Steve falls for Le Ly and treats her very well, making a big difference in her life while in Vietnam. The two leave Vietnam and move to the United States. Their life together begins well, but years of killing and life in the bush take their toll on Steve who becomes uncontrollably violent. The relationship falters, despite Le Ly's attempts to reconcile with Steve. After an impassioned plea by Le Ly for Steve to come back to her, Steve commits suicide. Many years following this tragic experience, Le Ly returns to Vietnam with her sons and shows them where she came from."] ["The film begins with the following disclaimer:  The following dramatization includes time compression and composite and fictionalized characters and incidents.  In 1980, ABC development executive Vince Peterson ([[John Terry  meets with producer Aaron Spelling , looking for a series featuring &#34;greed and manipulation and sex and power and vanity&#34; to battle against CBS&#39; hit nighttime serial Dallas and make it &#34;look like Sesame Street.&#34; Writers Richard and Esther Shapiro  are already developing their own modern take on I, Claudius, and Dynasty is conceived. From the beginning, Esther&#39;s intent to explore &#34;real social issues&#34; and not have the show be an &#34;inane soap with beautiful people and beautiful clothes&#34; clashes with the network and advertisers&#39; squeamishness with homosexual character Steven, &#34;the first openly gay character on a prime time drama series.&#34; John Forsythe  — the voice of Charlie's Angels{{&#39;}} Charlie — and Linda Evans  are cast as Blake and Krystle Carrington. With the new series at #40 in the ratings, ABC pushes for Steven to be &#34;cured,&#34; and Richard conceives a female J. R. Ewing: Blake&#39;s bitter ex-wife Alexis. Soon Dynasty welcomes Heather Locklear  as sexpot Sammy Jo, and Joan Collins  as villainess Alexis. Wanting to give the fans a proper ending, Esther, Richard and Aaron approach ABC about a reunion movie. The network is reluctant, but Aaron&#39;s influence prevails. The cast happily return at reduced salaries; when asked if she wants a stunt double for Alexis&#39; final catfight with Krystle, Joan quips, &#34;What the hell — for a few shots I&#39;d like to get in this time!&#34; All depart smiling, knowing they have made history."] ['For most of his childhood, 17-year-old Michael Oher  has been in foster care with different families, largely because of his mother\'s drug addiction, throughout Memphis, Tennessee. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend\'s father, whose couch Mike had been sleeping on, asks Burt Cotton ([[Ray McKinnon , the coach of Wingate Christian school, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike\'s size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his abysmal academic record. At his new school, Michael is befriended by a boy named Sean Jr. "SJ" . SJ\'s mother Leigh Anne Tuohy  is a strong-minded interior designer and the wife of wealthy businessman Sean Tuohy . Leigh Anne notices Michael walking on the road, shivering in the cold; when she learns he intends to spend the night huddled outside the school gym, she offers him a place to sleep at her house. The next morning, when she sees Michael leaving, she asks him to spend the Thanksgiving holiday with her family. Slowly, Michael becomes a member of the Tuohy family, even as Leigh Anne\'s rich friends wonder what she is doing. One even suggests that her teenage daughter Collins  is not safe around him, much to Leigh Anne\'s disgust. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael\'s legal guardian, she learns he was separated from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that even though he scored low in almost every category in a career aptitude test, he is in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts". After his grades improve, Michael is allowed to join the school football team. He has a shaky start due to his polite and gentle nature, yet after some encouragement by Leigh Anne to tap into his "protective instincts" and regard his teammates as he would members of his family, Michael dominates on the field. SJ sends out videos of the games to college coaches around the country. Leigh Anne discovers that to get a NCAA Division I scholarship, Michael needs a 2.5 GPA, so they hire a tutor, Miss Sue . Some of the teachers help out as well, and Michael ends up with a GPA of 2.52. When coaches come to recruit Michael, Leigh Anne makes it clear that she prefers the University of Mississippi  as both she and her husband are alumni. Miss Sue, another Ole Miss alumna, tells Michael  that the FBI buries body parts under the University of Tennessee\'s Neyland Stadium for research; Leigh Anne particularly loathes that school. Michael commits to Ole Miss. Subsequently, Michael and the Tuohys become the subject of an NCAA investigation. The investigator tells Michael that the Tuohys and Miss Sue are fervent Mississippi boosters, who are subject to special restrictions, and his high school coach got a job at Ole Miss after Michael chose the school. Michael confronts Leigh Anne, asking her if she only took him in so he would play football for her alma mater. Michael then goes to his birth mother\'s apartment in the projects. His old friends welcome him, but their leader makes crude remarks about Leigh Anne and Collins. Michael becomes angry and in the ensuing fight subdues his former friends and then flees. Leigh Anne searches for Michael. He finally calls her, and they meet. Leigh Anne tells him she will support any decision he makes. Michael satisfies the investigator by explaining that he chose Ole Miss because his whole family has gone there. Later, Leigh Anne and her family take Michael to the Ole Miss campus to begin college. The film ends with an emotional goodbye between Leigh Anne and Michael. The closing credits show the 2009 NFL Draft with the real Michael Oher being drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round. Photographs of Oher and the real Tuohys follow, with Oher\'s success in the NFL detailed. The credits include a dedication to director John Lee Hancock\'s father, a football player and coach who died in 2009.'] ['The story begins in Autumn of 1916, and follows an Irish immigrant named John Lawless  as he applies for a butler position with eccentric Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle . Even though the family is a bit strange, Lawless soon learns that he fits right in. Mr. Biddle takes a liking to him immediately. For the rest of the film, Lawless serves as the narrator/commentator. Mr. Biddle busies himself with his Biddle Boxing and Bible School  and with his alligators in the conservatory. He is also anxious to get America into the War in Europe , despite the government\'s policy of neutrality. His wife, Cordelia , stands quietly by, accepting his eccentricities with a sense of pride and class. Their two sons, Tony and Livingston  are headed off to boarding school, never to be seen in the film again. Their daughter, Cordy , is a tomboy with a mean right hook who was educated by private tutors and has had limited contact with conventional society. She\'s frustrated by her apparent inability to attract suitors and wants to see what\'s beyond the Biddle manor. Mr. Biddle reluctantly lets Cordy go to a boarding school as well (after some prodding from both Cordy and from his Aunt Mary , where her roommate teaches her how to lure men with feminine wiles, known as "Bye-Yum Pum Pum". At a social dance hosted by her aunt and uncle, Cordy meets Angier Buchanan Duke ([[John Davidson  and they fall in love. He tells Cordy that he is fascinated with the new automobile and wants to head to Detroit, Michigan to make his fortune there, instead of taking over his family\'s tobacco business. That winter, Cordy comes back to her parents\' home and tells them that she is engaged. At first, this is a difficult thing for Mr. Biddle to take. He does not want to give up his little girl. But, after meeting Angie and witnessing first-hand his Jiu Jitsu fighting skills, Mr. Biddle takes a liking to him and accepts the engagement. Then Cordy travels with Angie to New York City to meet his mother . Soon the Biddles and the Dukes are making arrangements for a very grand wedding. Constant condescending comments from Angie\'s mother are painful for Cordy. To make matters worse, their families\' elaborate planning for the "social event of the season" , makes both Cordy and Angie feel pushed aside. The tension reaches a climax when Cordy learns that Angie has abandoned his plans for Detroit, and is instead taking his place in the family business, following his mother\'s wishes. Cordy angrily calls the wedding off, thinking of Angie as a mama\'s boy, and Angie storms out of the house. Both families are instantly in a tremendous state of upheaval. Mr. Biddle sends John Lawless to look after Angie. John finds Angie at the local tavern, contemplating what he will do next. During a rousing song-and-dance sequence, John tries to convince Angie to go back to Cordy. However, Angie is stubborn and thinks of other ways to deal with his problems, among other things saying that he wants to join the Foreign Legion. Angie unwittingly starts a bar fight  and is hauled off to jail. The next morning, Mr. Biddle comes to bail Angie out. He tells Angie he has to forget about his own dreams and accept his place in the family business. His words have the desired effect, inspiring Angie to defy his mother and elope with Cordy and go to Detroit. Cordy, however, believes her father talked Angie into it, so to prove his sincerity, amid the cheering of the cell mates, Angie throws Cordy over his shoulder and carries her out of the jail house to start their new life together . After Mr. and Mrs. Biddle return home a delegation of Marines arrive to inform him he has been made a "provisional captain" in the Marine Corps; and is wanted immediately to go to Parris Island to help/continue training the recruits, now that America is finally entering the War. Mr. Biddle accepts with delight, and the hearty congratulations of his suddenly appearing Bible Boxing Class. Behind the final credits a car is seen driving toward a city skyline  dominated by factories spewing smoke to blacken the sky over the city.'] ["The film's unlikely protagonist is a mild-mannered window peeper named Dead-Eye Dick . Dick spies on a Mexican couple. The husband is very jealous and is about to discover that his wife has a lover when Dick rescues the lover, whose moniker is Mexico Pete . The worldly Pete counsels the shy Dick on his problems approaching women. Dick claims that he's waiting for an Alaskan Eskimo named Nell. Pete and Dick decide to travel to Alaska to find this fantasy woman, and they have several wacky misadventures along the way."] ['Martha Beck is a sullen, overweight nurse - with 50 nurses under her supervision - who lives in Mobile, Alabama, with her elderly mother . Martha\'s friend Bunny  surreptitiously submits Martha\'s name to a "lonely hearts" club, which results in a letter from Raymond Fernandez of New York City. The audience sees Ray surrounded by the photographs of his previous conquests as he composes his first letter to Martha. Overcoming her initial reluctance, Martha corresponds with Ray and becomes attached to him. He visits Martha and seduces her. Thereafter, having secured a loan from her, Ray sends Martha a Dear Jane letter, and Martha enlists Bunny\'s aid to call him with the  news that she has attempted suicide. Ray allows Martha to visit him in New York, where he reveals to her what the audience knows already: that he is a con man who makes his living by seducing and then swindling lonely women. Martha is unswayed by this revelation, however, and, at Ray\'s command, installs her mother in a nursing home so that she can live with Ray. But because she is fiercely jealous of Ray, she insists on accompanying him in his work. Woman after woman accepts the attentions of this suitor who goes courting while accompanied at all times by his "sister." Martha can barely contain her jealousy as she watches Ray romance other women, though Ray promises her that he will never sleep with any of them. Complicating his promise, Ray marries a pregnant woman, Myrtle Young , and after Young aggressively attempts to bed the bridegroom, Martha gives her a dose of pills, and the two put the drugged woman on a bus. Her death thereafter escapes immediate suspicion. Martha and Ray move on to their next target, and after catching Ray in a compromising position with the woman, Martha attempts to drown herself. To placate her, Ray rents a house in Valley stream, a suburb of New York City, while they continue swindling lonely women. Ray, using the alias "Charles Martin," becomes engaged to the elderly Janet Fay of Albany  and takes her to the house he shares with Martha. Janet gives Ray a check for $10,000, but then becomes suspicious of the two. When Janet tries to contact her family, Ray and Martha hit her in the head with a hammer and strangle her to death. They bury her body in the cellar in her trunk, with a portrait of Jesus. Martha and Ray then spend several weeks living in Michigan with the widowed Delphine Downing and her young daughter. Delphine, younger and prettier than most of Ray\'s conquests, confides in Martha, hoping that she will help her persuade Ray to marry her as soon as possible because she is pregnant with Ray\'s child. Furious, Martha is attempting to kill Delphine when her daughter enters the room with Ray. He shoots Delphine in the head and Martha drowns her daughter in the cellar. Ray tells Martha that he must proceed with his plan to move on to one more woman, this time in New Orleans, and then he will marry Martha; he reaffirms his promise never to betray Martha with one of his marks. Realizing that Ray will never stop lying to her, Martha calls the police and calmly waits for them to arrive. The epilogue takes place four months later, with Martha and Ray in jail. As she leaves the cellblock for the first day of their trial, Martha receives a letter from Ray in which he tells her that, despite everything, she is the only woman he ever loved. Titles on the screen then conclude the story, saying that Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez were executed at Sing Sing on March 8, 1951.Although the real-life Beck and Fernandez were arrested originally in Michigan and charged with the murders of the Downings, ultimately those prosecutions were suspended and they were extradited to New York to be tried for the murder of Janet Fay, because New York, unlike Michigan, had the death penalty. It was for the murder of Fay that they were convicted and executed. See People v. Fernandez, 93 N.E.2d 859 .'] [' The story takes place in Aci Trezza, a small fishing village on the east coast of Sicily, Italy. It tells about the exploitation of working-class fishermen, specifically that of the eldest son of a very traditional village family, the Valastros. \'Ntoni convinces his family to mortgage their house in order to catch and sell fish themselves and make more money than they were already receiving from the wholesalers who had controlled the market with their low prices for a long time. Everything goes well until a storm ruins the family\'s boat, leaving them with nothing to keep the new business going. Following this disaster, the family experiences several awful events such as having to leave the house, the death of the grandfather, and \'Ntoni and his brothers being obliged to return to fish for the wholesalers.  The film can be divided by its prologue, three main phases and an epilogue. Its first part tells us about the fishermens\' attempt to improve their economic circumstances. They demand a better price for their fish, and it is symbolized by \'Ntoni, the eldest son of Valastros family, throwing a pair of scales into the ocean, and the fishermen end up in prison. The wholesalers realize it is more profitable to have him and his friends fishing and release them. \'Ntoni, who has lived on the mainland, had brought some new open minded ideas with him and he tries to form a cooperative, but no one joins him. In deciding to do it on his own, he convinces his family to mortgage their house to buy a boat and starts his new life. A festive mood is present in this sequence, with all the village joining Valastro\'s family salting the fish in laughter and joy. The second part, is dedicated to show Valastro\'s vulnerability. They realize that the price for being owners is high; they not only have to buy the salt but also work hard and not stop even in the hardest storm, risking their lives to be able to feed so many mouths at home. When they go out in a particularly bad storm, their new boat is severely damaged, and the Valastros have no money to get it repaired. At this point in the film, we see the other fishermen and the wholesalers mocking them already, convinced of the immutability of the prevailing social order. The third phase of the film just affirms this already noticed vulnerability. The social and psychological consequences of the Valastros\' attempt to change things are gradually revealed. They go out of work, no one wants to give them any opportunities, and the wholesalers are able to set the price for their fish. In the scene showing the wholesalers increasing the prices yet again, we can see the face of the children registering amazement at the cruelty of the adults. This was quite a common feature in neorealist films, and one almost sees this as an awakening of consciousness. The family unit, so strong in the beginning of the film, breaks down. Now they have no family, no house, the grandfather dies, \'Ntoni\'s brother Cola leaves for the mainland to seek new opportunities, their sister Lucia loses her reputation, yielding to the temptations of Marshal Don Salvatore, and \'Ntoni starts drinking. Only the elder sister Mara remains strong, although she loses all hope of ever getting married because of not being rich. In the epilogue, \'Ntoni finally overcomes his pride, recognizing the true cause of the problems of his kind and his class, and sees the need for collective action by going back with his two young brothers, Vanni and Alessio, to work for the wholesalers as a day laborer, who have bought new boats. The entire mood of the film becomes oppressive since the camera never leaves Aci Trezza, except in the scenes at sea at the beginning and end of the film. The outside world appears only indirectly when \'Ntoni goes to prison, when the family goes to sign a contract with the bank, when a stranger offering American cigarettes appears to tempt the youngsters to move to the mainland, and when the old baroness honors the inauguration of the new wholesaler\'s boats with her presence. Some allusions to modern Italian history are also there. On the wall of the restaurant we can see an image of a hammer and sickle. One of the wholesalers suddenly says: "The country is full of communism!", and his colleague answers: "Raimondo is always right," in a parody of the Fascist slogan, "Il Duce is always right." At the end of the film, a faded text can be seen behind Raimondo: :Go with determination toward people. ~ Benito Mussolini.'] ['George Fowler  shows himself as an ex-football hero. He finds himself slowly drawn into the gangster world. With the gang in need of just $50 more, George asks his ex girl, Ann, for that amount in a check, supposedly for her brother Gino. The plan starts to unravel when she sees Gino coming out of a restaurant across the street from the bank. When questioned about it George later reveals he\'s involved with robbing the bank. She writes \'Warning The bank will be Robbed!\' with lipstick on the window, the bank taking it as a joke. As the day of the heist grows nearer the tension within the gang heightens with no one trusting anyone. The robbers burst into George\'s and Gino\'s apartment that night and demand who talked to the girl about the robbery, seeing the lipstick warning. Gino breaks about his sister\'s  talking to George. George goes to her apartment with the gang and talks her into going to Chicago. Gino and George go to a park and wait. While Willie and John are taking her down the fire escape, John gets fidgety and hurls her off the escape down to the street below. They return to George and Gino, saying nothing about the murder. The next day the robbery is attempted as planned. Meanwhile the bank has replaced the switchboard, previously inside the bank, downstairs to what seems to be a better control room, a system which the robbers were betting on disabling to prevent calls to the police. John distrusts George and compels Willie to drive, instead of George, who will now be inside robbing the bank even though it\'s his first time on any illegal job. The robbing goes as planned until George can\'t find the switchboard they wanted to disable. The switchboard downstairs calls the police and they send a squad car over to the bank. When the police arrive, more arriving every second, the robbery goes astray. John gets killed while trying to take a hostage out and Gino commits suicide down in the vaults. Willie flees with the car, leaving his partners behind. George gets shot in the leg. He tries to take a hostage out, the woman\'s husband offering himself instead. As the wife is in his headlock, his arm aiming the gun at her husband, she says, "It\'s no use, he\'s vicious." Realizing just how far he went, George relaxes his grip and falls to the ground, muttering how he isn\'t \'vicious\'. George is taken away, his last sight looking out the bars of the car.'] ['Set in Johannesburg in 1963, the film examines the abrupt ending of 13-year-old Molly\'s blithe childhood when her father, a communist and anti-Apartheid-activist, must go into exile and her mother must continue her fight against Apartheid without her husband. Avoided by her white ex-schoolfriends, Molly seeks greater closeness to her mother. The mother-daughter relationship faces a severe test due to intimidation attempts by the military police, then by Molly\'s mother\'s imprisonment. The "world apart" of the title refers to both the gap between the woman and the teenage girl--who doesn\'t understand why her mother is so obsessed by events beyond the comfortable white-suburban world--and the space between that world and that of the  majority. Essentially, the film is a tribute to Ruth First by her daughter and ends in a moment of epiphany as Molly comes to terms with her mother\'s political activism and understands that she too must play a part in the struggle to change South Africa.'] ["Barbara Gordon appears to have it all, including a successful career in a male-dominated industry and a solid relationship with her live-in lover, attorney Derek Bauer. Beneath her facade is a high-strung personality who heavily relies on sedatives to reduce tension and anxiety and maintain a composed exterior for her friends and associates. Her current project focuses on cancer patient Jean Scott Martin and her husband Ben and how the couple is coping as the disease progresses. Despite reserverations expressed by her collaborators, Barbara is determined to end the film on a positive note, showing the Martins embracing on the beach. When she shows them a rough cut, fatalistic Jean is angered by the false optimism and vehemently voices her objections to Barbara's choices. The response triggers a deep depression in Barbara, who relies on Doctor Kalman, her therapist of many years, and an increased dosage of Valium to see her through the crisis. She finally reaches a turning point when she realizes Kalman's treatment has been ineffective and admits her dependence on drugs is controlling her life. Her effort to quit cold turkey results in a rapid physical, mental, and emotional deterioration fueled by Derek's refusal to let her seek medical help and his alcohol-driven determination to control her completely. Following a series of physical fights, he imprisons her - bruised, bloodied, and broken - by tying her to a chair. She manages to convince him they had dinner plans with friends Karen and Sam Mulligan, and when he calls them to cancel, her screams for help alert them to her situation. Barbara is institutionalized and begins a long and arduous journey towards recovery with the help of Julie Addison. During this period, she is visited by Jean, who confesses she may have overreacted to Barbara's film and feels a sense of guilt over her breakdown. Her encouragement inspires Barbara to get well and complete the project. Jean suggests she end the film with an image of Barbara herself walking on the beach, and she complies with her wishes. Jean dies before seeing the completed work, but a newly confident Barbara is certain she would have approved of it."] ["When two teenagers are gunned down on Lake Herman RoadIMDB Cast and Crew of the Vallejo Police Department. With few leads, the case goes unsolved and the emotional attachment causes heartache for Parish's family; wife Laura  Six months later on July 4 – as Parish begins to lose hope – the Zodiac strikes again. This time he guns down a couple in a deserted parking lot. He's inches away as he pulls the trigger, but he never reveals his true identity. Just an hour after the shooting, the Vallejo Police Department receives an anonymous call, confessing to the murders that have just taken place. Days after the second murder, a letter is sent to Bay Area newspapers the San Francisco Chronicle and the San Francisco Examiner, threatening that 12 more people will die unless the three papers print the encoded letter they've just received. The killer reveals that if they can decipher the note, his true identity will be revealed. It becomes an obsession for Det. Parish to solve the case. He spends all his time with the coded sheet, sketches composed of the killer and various psychological reports, putting a greater strain on his family. The ever increasing publicity pushes him to the edge. When Parish receives more anonymous calls and ciphered letters , he thinks he's got his suspect. Disobeying orders by Chief Frank Perkins  he goes in search for the killer. When he storms into the suspect's house, his allegations are shattered because the man has no relation to the murders. The police later hear of more killings, but the case doesn't get anywhere close to being resolved. On April 24, 1978, ten years after the first reported murder, the Chronicle receives another letter: {{cquote}} The film ends with the statement that the killer has not been captured."] ['The story begins in 1992, as Amy Fisher lies in a hospital bed with her mother sitting by her bedside. Earlier, she had attempted to commit suicide, but her parents caught her and took her to hospital. As Amy rests in bed, she thinks back on her life over the last two years and her involvement with Joseph "Joey" Buttafuoco. In 1991, Amy\'s parents bought her a brand new car for her sixteenth birthday. Amy loved the car, but her parents didn\'t want her to take advantage of the fact she had a new car by using it whenever she wanted. After an argument with her parents, Amy spends her birthday at a friend\'s house. She had previously gone to a restaurant with them, and her father also didn\'t like the fact that she was wearing such a revealing outfit . She flirted with the waiter, by looking at him with the corner of her eye, with a seductive smile on her face. Amy gets into an accident, crashing her car. Her father takes her to Joey Buttafuoco\'s shop to get it fixed. She flirts with Joey lightly, asking him a lot of questions about his personal life. She begins crashing her car on purpose, using it as an excuse to see Joey again. Eventually, the two begin an affair. He is in his mid-thirties while she\'s in her teens . Amy becomes increasingly desperate about her relationship with Joey. She felt strongly that he was the one for her, and even though she knew he was married to his high school sweetheart Mary Jo Buttafuoco, she constantly wanted to spend time with him. When he refused to leave Mary Jo, Amy decided to hire someone to kill her. All her potential accomplices proved unwilling to get the job done, so Amy eventually decides to kill Mary Jo herself. Amy goes to the Buttafuoco house and tells Mary Jo that Joey was cheating on her with Amy\'s younger sister. When Mary Jo expressed disbelief, Amy showed her the T-shirt that Joey had given her, but Mary Jo still didn\'t believe Amy, saying that Joey gave that shirt to a lot of his customers. As Mary Jo was about to close the door on Amy, she took out her gun and shot Mary Jo in the head. The shot didn\'t kill Mary Jo, but it left her face partially paralyzed for life. Joey realized that it was Amy who had shot his wife. Mary Jo confirmed this when she had to choose out of a lineup. The reports of the shooting spread through the media and she was given the nickname "Long Island Lolita". Eventually, in late 1992, Amy was sentenced to five to fifteen years in jail. Joey Buttafuoco was convicted of statutory rape in October 1993 and served six months in prison.'] ['On the morning of September 11, 2001, First officer LeRoy Homer Jr. gets dressed in his F.A.A. official uniform, kisses his wife and leaves for work. The terrorist ringleader Ziad Jarrah performs the Islamic final rites in his hotel room and then leaves for Newark International Airport. At the airport, the passengers and crew board United Airlines Flight 93 bound for San Francisco, along with the hijackers. Shortly after boarding, Flight 93 is delayed for 41 minutes because of the high volume of traffic, as the other three soon-to-be hijacked flights take off. Air traffic controllers monitoring all current flights notice that American Airlines Flight 11, a Boeing 767, has taken a southern turn toward New York City and hijacker Mohamed Atta makes a threatening transmission from the flight deck. Shortly after, Flight 11 descends into Lower Manhattan and crashes into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, though air traffic controllers are not aware of it. After Flight 11 crashes, United Airlines Flight 175 begins to descend and turn toward New York City as well. Air traffic controllers then realize they are dealing with a hijacking. Shortly after, American Airlines Flight 77 is hijacked. The traffic controllers alert the U.S. Air Force, who debate whether or not to shoot down all suspected hijacked flights. The air traffic controllers and Air Force then watch as Flight 175 crashes into the South Tower of the World Trade Center on live television. When word of the planes hitting the World Trade Center reaches Flight 93,the Captain asks if this is true. After the seatbelt sign is turned off, Ahmed al-Haznawi assembles a fake bomb out of clay and plastic during breakfast, then the other three hijackers hold off the flight attendants, and wrestle their way into the cockpit and overpower the pilots, turning the plane around, which is now over Ohio, toward Pennsylvania. By this time, Flight 77 has crashed into the Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia. Footage of the South Tower collapsing in New York is also seen on TV at the home of one of the victims\' family.  To the growing consternation of Ben Sliney and his staff, coordination with the Air Force is haphazard and there are not enough planes ready, or armed, to respond to an in-air hijacking. Sliney ultimately decides to shut down all airspace in the United States and ground every flight. The hijackers do not prevent anyone from making phone calls through the onboard phone system. After hearing about the planes crashing into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the passengers and crew understand that if they do nothing, they will also reach a target, and eventually elect to storm the cockpit and attempt to retake the plane. The passengers make final phone calls to family in which they declare their intentions. The remaining crew assemble what makeshift weapons they can: cutlery, wine bottles, a fire extinguisher and hot water. Learning that one of the passengers can fly a plane , the group pin their hopes on his being able at least to control the plane. Todd Beamer is seen calling Lisa Jefferson, and he disconnects the phone and says, You ready?.... Let\'s roll! They start their counter-attack, running down the aisle with a food cart, and overpowering Saeed, who is outside the cockpit. After boiling water is thrown at him, Saeed is killed by Mark Bingham with a blow to the head with the hot water container. Having seen this, Ahmed al-Nami, Ziad and Ahmed al-Haznawi prepare for invasion by the passengers and debate whether to take the flight down as the jet speeds back over Pennsylvania. Ziad shakes the plane violently to throw the passengers off balance, but nonetheless they manage to smash the door with the food cart. As the passengers wrestle with two hijackers to get in the cockpit, Ziad puts the plane into a nosedive and flips the plane upside down as the passengers finally gain entrance into the cockpit. The plane misses a private propeller plane, a dragline crane, and a barn, then crashes through an old strip mine. A man working on his tractor sees Flight 93 roar over him on it\'s side, and then it shows the plane rolling upside down as the man backs out of his barn to get a better view. After this, neither the plane nor the assault on the cockpit are seen anymore in the film. ATC is seen and heard desperately trying to call Flight 93, and Lisa Jefferson, with the phone still up to her ear, sits in shock. As the sounds of the ATC trying to call Flight 93 are heard in the background, the film shows a black mushroom cloud rising up over the barn owned by the man who just a few moments before saw Flight 93 crash. Footage of the first responders arriving are shown, as they look for the plane, thinking it landed in the woods because first they thought it was in the hole, but, there\'s nothing in there. Footage of the North Tower collapsing is seen on TV as the families of the victims comfort each other. Time moves on as the ground where the plane crashed recovers . When the crash crater is no longer visible, the following text is shown: "On September 11, 2001, United Airlines Flight 93 was one of the four planes hijacked in midair. Three planes succeeded in hitting their targets. With great courage and resolve, the passengers and crew of Flight 93 prevented their plane from reaching its likely target, the White House or the Capitol Building. This film is dedicated to the passengers and crew of Flight 93, and to their families." This text is followed by the names of the passengers and crew of Flight 93.'] ['A mysterious man  arrives at a prison as an inmate and witnesses rampant abuse and corruption, including open and endemic sexual assault, torture, worm-ridden diseased food, insurance fraud and a doctor charging inmates for care, amongst other things. During a dramatic standoff, he reveals himself to be the new prison warden, Henry Brubaker, to the amazement of both prisoners and officials alike. With ideals and vision, he attempts to reform the prison, with an eye towards prisoner rehabilitation and human rights. He recruits several long-time prisoners, including Larry Lee Bullen  and Richard "Dickie" Coombes , to assist him with the reform. Their efforts improve the prison conditions, but his stance inflames several corrupt officials on the prison board who have profited from graft for decades. When he discovers multiple unmarked graves of prisoners on the property, he attempts to unravel the mystery, leading to political scandal. When a trustee realizes that he might be held accountable for killing another inmate, he decides to make a run for it, the resulting gunfight proves to be the final ammunition that the prison board  needs to fire Brubaker. A statement before the credits explains that two years after Brubaker was fired, twenty four inmates sued the prison. The court ruled that the treatment of the prisoners was unconstitutional and the prison system was ultimately reformed. Meanwhile, the governor was not reelected. The movie is based on the real-life experiences of Thomas Murton, author of the novel upon which the movie is based and one-time warden in the Arkansas state prison system. Much of the squalid conditions, violence and corruption depicted in the film was the subject of a 1970 federal court case, Holt v. Sarver, in which the federal court ruled that Arkansas\' prison system violated inmates\' constitutional rights, and ordered reform.  Filmed at The Junction City Prison Farm in Junction City, Ohio, Bremen, Ohio, New Lexington, Ohio, and at the Fairfield County Fairgrounds in Lancaster, Ohio.'] ["Ray drives to a block of flats in Sunderland to collect Betty who is his partner. They drive on to a pub for a wedding night time party. Unknown to Betty, ray is in the process of doing a deal with one of his friends, the party is full of all Rays old associates who are seacoalers that work and live on the Lynemouth coast, reclaiming waste coal that is washed in on the tide. Without informing Betty, Ray buys a caravan on the seacoalers' camp. Betty wakes the next morning to find herself in the run-down caravan, and is shocked to learn of Ray's decision to set up again as a seacoaler. Nevertheless, she agrees to move in with him to get her and her daughter Corrina away from her violent ex-husand. Betty cleans and decorated the caravan, turning it into a home for the three, and becomes content with living on the camp and working as a seacoaler Betty makes friends with two other women Rosie and Val. Ray manages to persuade an old resident of the camp Ronnie, to allow Ray to use his address to fiddle his dole payments, as living in a caravan they have no actual address. Betty is outraged to discover that all their hard work of about 15 ton of coal has accumulated to £40. Ray then goes ahead without consulting Betty sells his car and buys a horse, which sets him up as a freelance seacoaler, this enables him to get a better rate for his collected coal. Meanwhile. Corrina makes friendships with the other children on the camp, Ray is called for an interview at the DHSS concerning his address, where his fraud is discovered. He then bets all his coal on a troting race to win a pickup that could improve his fortunes, but unfortunately loses. He returns to the beach to find his coal already gone. unsure what to do and not wanting to face up to Betty he packs his suitcase and leaves while Betty is shopping, Although very upset by Ray's disappearance, Betty decides to stay on the camp and try and make a life for herself and Corrina with support from the other families on the camp."] ['A biographical film about Jeon Tae-il, a worker who protested labor conditions through self-immolation.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ["A stevedore in Thessaloniki, Greece, Salamo Arouch's passion is boxing. Captured along with his family and fiance Allegra in 1943 and interned in Auschwitz, Arouch is used by his SS captors as entertainment, forced to box against fellow prisoners. He knows that if he refuses, his family will be punished; if he wins, he will be given extra rations which he can share with them; if he loses, he will be sent to the gas chamber. As his family and friends die around him, he has only his love of Allegra and his grim determination to keep him alive. The film follows the early life story of Salamo Arouch, though it takes some artistic liberties including the early introduction of wife Allegra , whom Arouch did not actually meet until after the liberation of the camp.{{cite journal}}"] ['The film takes place prior to the September 11 attacks in 2001, and though based on the findings of the actual 9/11 Commission Report made after the attacks, the film fictionalises some elements of the report for the sake of artistic license. The film focuses on three main characters: Mike , Jack  and Valerie . All three characters work in unconnected jobs on behalf of the U.S. Government, and begin to receive disturbing reports and warnings that the United States could be the target for a terrorist attack. Their efforts to warn the government go unrecognised, and all three are threatened with dismissal for attempting to spread mass hysteria. At this time, the September 11 attacks are made against the World Trade Center, and it is suddenly realised that, had the trio been taken seriously, the attack could have been avoided.'] ["Arriving at New York City's Pennsylvania Station after a trip to Cuba, Sheila Bennet , who is smuggling $50,000 worth of diamonds into the country, realizes she's being followed by the authorities. She mails the diamonds to her husband, Matt Krane , instead of carrying them around, and then tries to shake the Treasury agent following her. Feeling sick, Sheila nearly faints on the street, so a cop takes her to a local clinic. While there, she encounters a little girl and inadvertently infects her. Sheila is misdiagnosed as having a common cold, and she leaves and returns home. After the girl is admitted to the hospital, she is found to have smallpox. Meanwhile, Matt has been cheating on Sheila with her sister, Francie , and then attempts to take off without either of them when the diamonds finally arrive through the mail. Unfortunately for him, the fence cannot buy the diamonds because they are too hot. Matt will have to wait for ten days for the cash, so he cannot leave New York. Sheila confronts Francie, who kills herself afterward due to Matt's betrayal of them both. This gives Sheila more reason to get revenge on him. Finding a growing number of smallpox victims, city officials decide to vaccinate everyone in New York to prevent an epidemic, but quickly run out of serum. This causes a panic in the city. Tracking the victims, agents realize that the disease carrier and the diamond smuggler are one and the same. However, an increasingly sick Sheila continues to elude capture. Still unaware that she has smallpox, she returns to the doctor at the clinic to get more medicine. The doctor explains her illness and tries to talk her into turning herself in, but she shoots him in the shoulder and escapes. Sheila eventually catches up with Matt, who tries to escape from the police, but falls from a building ledge to his death. Sheila nearly attempts to drop herself from the ledge, until the doctor tells her the little girl she met had died. Remorseful, Sheila turns herself in and, before succumbing to the disease, provides authorities with a badly needed list of those she contacted."] ["Outnumbered but determined, Wyatt Earp , his brothers Virgil  and Morgan ([[Sam Melville  and ally Doc Holliday  confront and clearly get the best of the Ike Clanton gang in a violent shootout at the O.K. Corral in the Arizona town of Tombstone. Ike , a rustler, conspires to have the Earps charged with murder and tried in a court of law. When they are cleared, Virgil runs for U.S. marshal, but is ambushed by some of Clanton's hired guns. Morgan elects to take the job in his brother's place, but he, too, is killed. Doc Holliday, a gambler who has been on the wrong side of the law himself more than once, is terminally ill with tuberculosis and is admitted into a Colorado sanitarium. Earp intends to clear out of Tombstone with what's left of his family and move to California, but changes his mind upon being appointed a federal marshal for the territory. Guns blazing, Earp and his posse ruthlessly hunt and kill various members of Clanton's gang. He rides to Mexico for a final showdown with Ike, shooting him dead. He makes one last trip to Holliday's death bed to say goodbye to his unlikely friend, then hangs up his badge and guns for good."] ['In 1922, 18-year-old Salvador Dalí  arrives at university in Madrid. The Residencia de Estudiantes, or Students\' Residence, is a modern environment which encourages Spain\'s brightest young minds. Salvador, who is determined to become a great artist, soon catches the attention of the Resi\'s social elite — poet Federico García Lorca  and aspiring filmmaker Luis Buñuel . Together they form the nucleus of the most modern group in Madrid. Their private lives become increasingly complex as Federico ignores the advances of devoted friend and writer Magdalena , and Salvador himself feels the pull of García Lorca\'s magnetism. Luis, becoming increasingly isolated by the duo\'s closeness, decides to move to Paris to fulfil his own artistic ambitions. Meanwhile, Salvador and Federico leave Madrid to spend the summer at the seaside village of Cadaques, at the home of Dalí\'s family. Federico finds himself acceptedAccording to Ian Gibson, Lorca was "utterly at home with his hosts and by now hopelessly involved with Salvador" into the Dalí family as he and Salvador grow closer until, one night, their friendship becomes romantic.http://www.ariafilms.co.uk/projects/LittleAshes.pdf Even as they draw closer, their relationship appears doomed. Luis visits them at university and becomes more suspicious and appalled by their apparent closeness. Dalí finds García Lorca\'s obsession with him more than he is prepared to handle and moves to Paris. Consumed by the high society and decadence, Dalí is soon entangled with Gala , a married woman with a penchant for celebrities. When García Lorca visits, he finds his friend is a changed man, in his life and his politics.'] ['The film is based on the true story of the murder of Rachel Barber, an Australian teenager who went missing on 1 March 1999 and whose body was found on 13 March 1999. Rachel was killed by an former neighbor of the family, Caroline Reed Robertson, who had babysat all of the Barber children when she was a teenager.  In Her Skin is inspired by the book Perfect Victim by Elizabeth Southall  and Megan Norris . In the film, the story is told from the alternating points of view of the victim, the victim\'s parents, and the murderer. We feel sympathy for all of the characters as the story unfolds and reveals the secrets of Rachel\'s disappearance. The film begins on the night that Rachel goes missing and shows her parents, Elizabeth and Mike, as they frantically search for her -- with little help from the local police. Flashbacks reveal details about all of the characters, including an explanation for the motive of the murderer, Caroline Reed Robertson. Caroline is portrayed in such a way that the audience develops some pity for her. She is a pathetic character, a disturbed young woman who has struggled all her life with feelings of parental rejection, inferiority, and self-loathing. Caroline sees Rachel as the embodiment of the perfect person she wishes she were. According to the film\'s end title notes, "Caroline Reed Robertson was found guilty of the murder of Rachel Barber and was sentenced to 20 years in prison. She is eligible for parole in 2013, when she will be 33 years old."'] ['Most of the story is told in flashbacks, starting with Hoffa first meeting Ciaro and ending with one version of Hoffa\'s mysterious disappearance. Hoffa and Ciaro are first seen impatiently waiting in the parking lot of a diner in 1975. Others are late for a meeting. Asked if he wants to leave, Hoffa gives Ciaro a scornful glance. The first flashback to 1935 then occurs: A young Jimmy Hoffa approaches a parked truck, inside of which driver Ciaro is taking a nap. Hoffa talks to him about the benefits of joining the Teamsters. He gives Ciaro a business card, on which he has written: "Give this man whatever he needs." A few days later, Ciaro reports to work to find Hoffa attempting to organize the workers. Hoffa blurts out about their ride together and Ciaro is fired. He later accosts Hoffa with a Bowie Knife, but is persuaded to drop it at gunpoint by Hoffa\'s associate Billy Flynn. Ciaro joins the pair in the arson bombing of a laundry whose owner has refused to cooperate with the Teamsters. Flynn is badly burned and dies. Ciaro succeeds him as Hoffa\'s right-hand man. Another flashback shows a Teamsters strike. While strikers fight with non-union workers and police, Hoffa is taken to a local Mafia boss. Ciaro, who speaks Italian, comes along. An alliance between the Teamsters and the mob is formed. Hoffa meets Carol  D\'Allesandro, who would become his closest mob ally. Hoffa rises to the presidency of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. His illegal activities include the use of Teamster funds to provide loans to the mob. At a Congressional hearing, Hoffa is questioned by Robert F. Kennedy regarding his suspicious union activities.  The tension between Kennedy and Hoffa grows, especially after John F. Kennedy is elected U.S. President and brother Bobby becomes Attorney General. Hoffa is betrayed by a junior associate, Peter Connelly, in court. The evidence used against him are the plans he wrote on the back of a hunting license. He surrenders to federal officials and serves time in a Pennsylvania federal prison while Frank Fitzsimmons takes his place as Teamsters boss. Ciaro, also convicted and imprisoned, is freed before Hoffa and immediately begins working for his boss\'s release. D\'Allesandro suggests that the Teamsters endorse Richard M. Nixon for President, the idea being that in exchange for Teamster endorsement, Hoffa will receive a presidential pardon. Hoffa gets out and expects to again run the Teamsters, but learns that one of the conditions of his release is that he is ineligible to run the union for ten years. Hoffa meets with D\'Allesandro and is shown screaming at the gangster that Hoffa wants Fitzsimmons dead; the tirade is laced with various obscenities and descriptive suggestions as to what to do with a few of Fitzsimmons\' body parts. D\'Allesandro tells Hoffa that he\'s \'too hot\' and that \'I can\'t get close to it\'. Hoffa leaves with the matter unresolved. Some time later, Hoffa tells D\'Allesandro  that unless the matter of Fitzsimmons can be settled , Hoffa will go to the press and detail his dealings with D\'Allesandro. D\'Allesandro then tells Ciaro to tell Hoffa that \'everything\'s gonna be all right\' and also that Ciaro should tell Hoffa \'I know he doesn\'t mean it\' and that they should all meet the next day at \'The Roadhouse\', a local diner. Hoffa and Ciaro spend several hours waiting for D\'Allesandro in the parking lot of the diner but he never arrives. A purported union driver  who had been waiting in the diner, allegedly for a part for his truck, reveals himself to be a \'hit man\' after gaining the trust of Ciaro during short conversations over the course of the long wait. Just exactly who sent this \'hit man\' is not revealed, however, the implication is that he was sent by D\'Allesandro in retaliation for Hoffa\'s threat to \'go to the press\'. Hoffa is gunned down in the back seat of his car and Ciaro is shot while attempting to come to Hoffa\'s aid. Ciaro\'s body is dumped on top of Hoffa\'s and the car is driven into the back of a large truck that had driven up as the shootings were taking place.  The camera focuses on the roll-up door of the truck showing the different state plates, implying a final bit of irony: that Hoffa\'s dead body is being transported, in all likelihood, by a Teamster driver. The truck drives off into the sunset and the movie ends.'] ['The film follows Four Australians, Frank , Scotty ([[Jon Blake  an Irish-Australian, Chiller  and Tas ([[John Walton  in Palestine in 1917, part of the 4th Light Horse Brigade of the British and Commonwealth Dominion forces. When Frank is wounded and dies of his wounds, he is replaced by Dave . Dave finds himself unable to fire his weapon in combat and is transferred to the Medical Corps, where he will not need to carry a weapon, but where he will still be exposed to the fighting. The British plan the capture of Beersheba. During an attack by Turkish cavalry, Major Richard Meinertzhagen  deliberately leaves behind documents indicating that the attack on Beersheba will only be a diversion. The Australians leave for Beersheba, with limited water and supplies. They bombard the town and the 4,000 Turkish-German defenders prepare for an assault. However, the German military advisor believes it is a diversionary attack and advises the Turkish commander he does not need reinforcements. With time running out and water in short supply, the British command suspect any attack upon Beersheba will probably fail. However, the Australian commanders ask the British to send in the Australian Light Horse—the British consent to what they think is a suicide mission. The 4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments are ordered to attack. Dave and the rest of the medical detachment prepare for casualties and are ordered in behind the Light Horse. The Turks report the Australian mounted soldiers lining up to charge, however the officer in charge orders the Turks not to open fire until they dismount. The Australians begin advancing on the Turkish positions, gradually speeding up to a charge. The Turks realise too late that the soldiers are not dismounting and open fire. Artillery fire is sporadic and of limited effect and the attack so fast the Turkish infantry forget to adjust the sights on their rifles as the Light Horse get closer, eventually firing straight over the Australians\' heads. During the charge, Tas is killed by an artillery shell. The remaining Australians make it "under the guns"  and reach the Turkish trenches. The Australians capture the first Turkish defences. Scotty and a few others take control of the guns. Chiller is wounded in the trench fight. Dave is struck by a grenade and is seriously wounded while protecting Chiller. Scotty continues to fight on into the town. When most of the remaining Turks surrender, a German officer tries to destroy the wells, but is captured by Scotty. Overall, the attack was a success and the Australians miraculously suffered only 31 dead and 36 wounded.'] ['In the film, Josh Waitzkin\'s family discovers that he possesses a gift for chess and they seek to nurture it. They hire a strict instructor, Bruce Pandolfini  who aims to teach the boy to be as aggressive as chess legend Bobby Fischer. The title of the film is a metaphor about the character\'s quest to adopt the ideal of Fischer and his determination to win at any price. Josh is also heavily influenced by Vinnie, a "speed chess" hustler  whom he met in Washington Square Park. The two coaches differ greatly in their approaches to chess, and Pandolfini is upset that Josh continues to take the advice of Vinnie. The main conflict in the film arises when Josh refuses to adopt Fischer\'s misanthropic frame of reference. Josh then goes on to win on his own terms.'] ['The film is set in 1911 at a Roman Catholic parish in the rural town of Solon, Michigan. Sister Rita , a young nun, arrives at the parish to help run the church school. When the parish’s two elderly nuns contract tuberculosis, Sister Rita is forced to move into the rectory that is home to Father Rivard , the parish priest. The close proximity between the two begins to set off gossip and suspicions, to the point that a monsignor from the diocese  comes to give Father Rivard a talking-to. The gossip turns out to be correct, as the priest and the nun confess their love for each other. However, their declaration of emotion leads to tragedy.Spirituality and Practice review'] ["In 1853, soldier-of-fortune William Walker  flees Mexico after a failed attempt to incite an armed insurrection. He is placed on trial by US officials, but wins acquittal on breaking the neutrality act. Walker believes in Manifest Destiny and has plans to marry and start a newspaper until his fianceé Ellen Martin  dies of cholera. Financed by American multimillionaire Cornelius Vanderbilt , Walker and 60 mercenaries embark on a mission to overthrow Nicaragua, to secure Vanderbilt's rights over an overland shipping route between the Atlantic and Pacific. Walker and his corps score a bloody victory in Nicaragua and when the capital falls, Walker allows the president to stay in charge, but takes his mistress, Doña Yrena . With increasing disruption in the country, Walker orders the president shot and assumes the presidency. From 1855 to 1857, his actions as president are manic and delusional with Walker antagonizing his financial backer, by revoking Vanderbilt's license to the overland trade route. Nicaragua and its neighbors unite to rid themselves of the unwelcome dictator and they drive the despot out. Eventually his further forays into Central America lead to his capture and execution."] ['A few short hours after the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln , Dr. Samuel Mudd  gives treatment to a man with a broken leg who shows up at his door. Mudd does not know that the president has been assassinated and the man who he is treating is John Wilkes Booth . Mudd is arrested for being an accessory in the assassination and is sent to prison on the Dry Tortugas, described as in the West Indies and referred to in the film as "America\'s own Devil\'s Island". After a period of ill treatment due to his notoriety, his skills as a doctor are requested by the Commandant of the prison. The island has been in the grip of a yellow fever epidemic and the official prison doctor has fallen ill. Dr. Mudd takes charge with the blessing of the Commandant and the cooperation of the soldier guards, and the yellow jack epidemic subsides. In the end he receives a pardon and is allowed to return home.'] ['{{See also}} Mark Whitacre, a rising star at Decatur, Illinois based Archer Daniels Midland  in the early 1990s, blows the whistle on the company’s price-fixing tactics at the urging of his wife Ginger.{{cite news}} One night in November 1992, Whitacre confesses to FBI special agent Brian Shepard that ADM executives – including Whitacre himself – had routinely met with competitors to fix the price of lysine, an additive used in the commercial livestock industry. Whitacre secretly gathers hundreds of hours of video and audio over several years to present to the FBI.{{cite news}}<ref nameSidhu |firstFresno company connected to Matt Damon movie |publisher2008-07-23 |urlr7c-e_9thlk}} He assists in gathering evidence by clandestinely taping the company’s activity in business meetings at various locations around the globe such as Tokyo, Paris, Mexico City, and Hong Kong, eventually collecting enough evidence of collaboration and conspiracy to warrant a raid of ADM. Whitacre’s good deed dovetails with his own major infractions and his internal, secret struggle with bipolar disorder seems to take over his exploits.{{cite news |authorWhat is "The Informant" about? |publisher2008-05-16 |url"Cain-behind"/>In the ensuing chaos, Whitacre appears to shift his trust and randomly destabilize his relationships with Agent Shepard, his partner Agent Herndon and numerous attorneys in the process. Authorities at ADM began investigating, in an attempt to cover tracks, the mounted papertrail with forged names and specs that Whitacre had built to cover his own subversive deeds. After being confronted with evidence of his fraud, Whitacre\'s reasoning and defensive claims begin to spiral out of control, including an accusation of assault and battery against Agent Shepard and the FBI, which had made a substantial move to distance their case from Whitacre entirely. Because of this major infraction and Whitacre’s bizarre behavior, he was sentenced to a prison term three times as long as that meted out to the white-collar criminals he helped to catch. In the epilogue of Whitacre\'s case, Agent Herndon visits inmate Whitacre in prison as he videotapes a futile appeal to seek a presidential pardon. Overweight, balding and psychologically beaten after his years long ordeal, Mark Whitacre is eventually released from prison with his wife Ginger, waiting to greet him.'] ["This film is a false documentary about a fictional, top-secret Soviet Intercosmos mission based in East Germany. Two ships are sent out to set up both an industrial colony on Saturn's moon Titan and a recreational colony on Jupiter's moon Ganymede. The film covers the background of the mission, as well as several radio conversations between the leaders of the two separate colonizing missions, the female Seagull and the male Falcon, who are implied to be in a romantic relationship. Besides colonizing the two moons, part of the mission is also to set up an archive of Socialist culture within the vacuum of space. For reasons not explained within the film, the mission fails, and all records of it are either destroyed or hidden away. However, the last scene reveals Seagull and Falcon to be still alive, as they converse about other failed secret Soviet space missions, most of which resulted in the demise of the entire crew."] ['Tom Sullivan is a blind college student who wants to be normal. When not in class, Tom hangs out with his friend, Sly, who does not treat him like a blind person. In fact, he goes out of his way to challenge Tom. Tom likes to go jogging while Sly leads him on his bicycle. Sly leads him past obstacles such as park benches, shouting out "Bench!" at the last moment so Tom has to jump over it. On campus, Tom meets a black woman named Heather with whom he falls in love, but she breaks off the relationship because "the black and white thing" coupled with Tom\'s blindness is too complicated for her. Crushed by Heather\'s abandonment and experiencing loneliness, Tom continues to struggle with himself, still denying that his blindness affects his "normalcy". Then he meets his future wife, Patti, and his life changes forever.'] ['Police officers face many challenges in the decayed South Bronx region of New York City. Among them are NYPD officers Murphy  and Corelli , who work out of the 41st precinct, nicknamed "Fort Apache" because to those who work there, it feels like an army outpost in foreign territory (an allusion to [[Fort Apache  out of the Old West. The precinct itself is one of the worst and most dilapidated in the entire department, approaching demolition and staffed mostly by officers who are unwanted and have been transferred out of other precincts. Additionally, the precinct is of little use to the large Puerto Rican community, as only 4% of the officers are Hispanic in the largest non-English speaking section of the Bronx, according to retiring precinct captain Dugan. Corelli and Murphy attempt to maintain law and order but have conflicts with corrupt fellow officers, as well as with a newly appointed police captain, rioting due to police brutality, and issues related to the deaths of two rookie cops at the film\'s beginning. Illustrating the hopeless futility of the work done at the precinct, the killer is later found as an anonymous body, dumped in the roadside trash. With nothing to link her to the deaths of the rookie officers, the police remain ignorant of the fact that she was the killer and will never be caught.'] ['In 1925 Sydney, Caddie leaves her adulterous and brutish husband and takes her two children, Ann and Terry, with her. Forced to work as a barmaid in a pub she struggles to survive. A brief affair with Ted  ends badly, but she falls in love with a Greek immigrant, Peter . Peter has to return to Greece to face family obligations. Caddie runs out of money and goes to work as a barmaid. Peter sends letters from Greece and Caddie has to evade police as she works for an SP bookie. Peter asks her to come to Athens but she decides to stay.{{cite news}}'] ["According to the students, the film is designed to humanize Palestinians and show the side of Palestine that does not always make its way into film. The film is made in the form of dramatic scenes interspersed with documentary pieces, so as to convey the lives of Palestinian teenagers. Based on the play by William Shakespeare, the movie deals with the lives of two star-crossed Palestinian lovers as they grapple with the realities of their everyday lives. In this adaptation of the famous play, Romeo and Juliet meet at a party celebrating the Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca. They are wed in secret by a sheikh. The film follows the basic plotline of the original Romeo and Juliet, though in the film, Romeo does not hear of Juliet's faked death because a messenger sent to bring him the news is stopped at an Israeli checkpoint.<ref nameRetuers Transcript|publisher29 January 2008|accessdatehttp://tvscripts.edt.reuters.com/2008-01-29/252dac77.html}} {{Dead link}}"] ['In 1976, Renée Richards is on the tennis court as a professional tennis player. The film flashes back to 1964, when Renée Richards is an eye surgeon named Richard Radley . Radley has a successful career and a fiancée, but secretly cross-dresses at night. Unable to speak with his mother Sadie , who is a psychiatrist, Radley consults his own psychiatrist, Dr. Beck , who advises him to grow a beard. This strategy works temporarily until Radley is drafted into the Navy, which does not allow beards. Following his discharge and a failed marriage, Radley undergoes gender reassignment surgery and becomes Renée. Renée relocates to California, resumes her career as a surgeon and begins dating. After playing in a local tennis tournament in La Jolla, Renée is outed as transgender by a television reporter. In the ensuing controversy, Renée takes the United States Tennis Association to court, where she secures her right to play professional tournament tennis as a woman without being subjected to chromosome testing.'] ['In 1926, 13 years after his mother\'s death, illusionist Harry Houdini  has begun debunking mystics, psychics and others who claim to have paranormal powers. He offers US$10,000 to anyone who can quote his mother\'s dying words to him. Impoverished and uneducated Scottish con artist Mary McGarvie  and her daughter Benji  set their sights on Houdini\'s reward when he visits Edinburgh on tour. Mary\'s psychic act pulls in the public: Benji surreptitiously gathers information on members of the audience, information Mary uses to con them into believing they can reach out to their deceased loved ones. Their only obstacle is Houdini\'s protective manager, Sugarman . Mary manages to charm the unsuspecting magician, but as they spend more and more time together, Sugarman intervenes, trying to prevent Houdini from becoming entangled with Mary, of whom he is suspicious. Sugarman\'s main desire is to see Mary and Benji gone; they claim they will be gone for good once they secure the reward for finding out what Houdini\'s mother said to him on her death bed. Sugarman realizes he can\'t get rid of them as easily as he had hoped. Mary is caught trying to open Houdini\'s chest and covers up by saying she was just searching for something to channel the psychic energy of the deceased. Benji gets the key to the chest from Sugarman. When Mary and Benji fail to turn up any useful information, they turn again to Sugarman. He tells them that Houdini was out doing a show and missed seeing his mother before she died. When the time comes, Mary is unable to perform the experiment and attempts to leave. At this point Benji starts having a fit on the ground and claims to be channelling Houdini\'s mother on her death bed, uttering the words of the Kaddish and addressing Houdini as "Ehrich", his real name, and speaking partly in German and partly in German-accented English asking where he is, and why he is not with her. This could be interpreted as either a genuine seance or a very skillful and convincing impersonation by the young artist. When the note he wrote to confirm the veracity of the experiment was removed from its safe and shown to be blank, Houdini reveals the "eternal shame" he feels because he wasn\'t able to reach his mother before she died, and thus was unable to comfort her in her moment of death, or to hear her final words. The McGarvies are awarded the $10,000. Mary is disgruntled because she believes Harry does not love her as she believed. When he says he does, they become romantically involved before Houdini leaves for his last performance, in Montreal. During his travels, he is climbing a set of stairs when a "Red-Haired Prankster" punches him in the stomach while he was not prepared, rupturing his appendix, eventually killing him.'] ['Minister Rob Tyler and his wife Jill Tyler adopt two children, Catherine and Eric. Eric is a sweet and timid child. Catherine seems to come across as being the same. However, Catherine soon displays outbursts of violent rage for no apparent reason, affecting her behavior and interaction with others. At first, some of her violent acts  go unnoticed, but when it progresses to tearing her room apart and stabbing the family dog with a needle, Rob and Jill sense something is wrong. They attempt to ask Doris, the children\'s caseworker, about anything in Catherine\'s past that might explain it, but Doris hides behind confidentiality laws and only suggests that Rob and Jill bring the children back if they\'re unable to handle them. Following an equally disturbing incident in which Catherine fondles her grandfather, Rob and Jill take her to a psychologist, but she puts on a good show while there, convincing him that there\'s nothing wrong. A short time later, Jill notices fresh bruises on Eric, and though he\'s initially scared to say anything, she gets him to admit that it was Catherine who inflicted them, though these are relatively minute compared to her next episode, where she smashes Eric\'s head on the concrete basement floor, landing him in the emergency room. At this point, Doris finally admits the truth about the children\'s past: after receiving a concerned phone call, she rescued the children from an abusive and neglectful home, which was one of the worst she\'d seen. Although Eric was in bad shape, it was nothing compared to the condition Catherine was found in, and no adults were present at the time . Doris then reveals that the children have an older biological sister named Stephanie, whom she and Jill track down at a topless bar. After sitting down with them, Stephanie has a harrowing story of her own to tell: she was sexually abused by her father as a child, and after she began fighting back, he turned his attention over to Catherine, thus explaining the root of her violent behavior. After yet another violent incident in which Catherine cuts a classmate with a shard of glass, Rob and Jill pay another visit to Doris, who reveals that she had previously moved the children from foster home to foster home, hoping that something would work for them. She then gives the couple a book called Kids Who Kill, and after reading it, Jill describes it as "chilling" and feeling like it was a perfect description of Catherine. It is at this point that Doris suggests a controversial treatment method for Catherine: holding therapy, which is practiced by the book\'s author, Dr. Rosemary Myers. Rob feels as though Catherine is a lost cause and suggests they just keep Eric, but Jill reminds him that "God gave us these children for a reason" and that they have to do whatever they can to help Catherine. After traveling to the clinic, Dr. Myers examines Catherine, and though she initially tries to put on the same act that she did for the last therapist, Dr. Myers uses reverse psychology to get Catherine to admit her past acts of violence. Afterward, she tells Rob and Jill that they have "a very sick little girl", and the lack of an opportunity for bonding after Catherine was born left her with an inability to attach. She offers trying to help Catherine, but acknowledges it can go either way. During their first holding therapy session , things start out well, and shortly after Catherine says to dr.Myers " I hate your guts you ugly old bitch" but Jill senses it\'s going too far. However, Dr. Myers reminds Jill that she needs to trust her, and the session resumes, ending successfully after an enraged Catherine admits a desire to re-enact her past acts of violence with the three of them, giving them a glimpse of the pain underneath her rage. While the procedure normally takes place over a 6-week period, Dr. Myers realizes that Rob and Jill need to get home to Eric  and believes the couple can successfully conduct the sessions at home, so she gives them permission to do so. However, shortly before their return home, another disturbed child named Justin starts a fire at the hotel, and when Catherine is inadvertently left alone in the room during the evacuation, it sets off an apparent feeling of panic in her, culminating in an incident where she tries to stab Rob with a knife concealed inside her teddy bear as he sleeps, but is caught in the nick of time. Returning home, the couple discusses the prospect of being separated from one another to give Catherine individual bonding time with each parent, and though initially uncertain, they agree it\'s best in order to allow her a chance to heal. As the two have another holding therapy session with Catherine, a breakthrough occurs: when Catherine starts to cry afterward, Jill does the same, and Catherine attempts to comfort her. The film ends with Catherine telling Jill and Rob that she loves them as the three tearfully embrace.'] ["“The Plot to Kill Hitler” is a historical re-creation of the 1944 attempt by several German High Command officers to assassinate Adolf Hitler and take control of the German government, with the ultimate intention of surrendering their country to the Allies. Led by Army Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg, this group of dedicated officers managed to plant a bomb, hidden in Stauffenberg's briefcase, in Hitler’s battlefield headquarters. By sheer luck, Hitler survived the blast and the SS quickly arrested and executed most of those involved. The film is historically inaccurate in one aspect&mdash;Hitler's involvement in astrology. One scene has him looking over astrological charts, which some people believe about the Nazi leader. Most historians, however, regard this as false.{{Citation needed}}"] ['The film begins in a meeting on August 2002 where a social activist, Simon Petrov, is reading the sentence dictated by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights ordering the Venezuelan state to compensate to the relatives of the victims of the 27 February 1989 riots. The people at that meeting began to tell and remember the tragic moments of that event.'] ['Martin McGartland  is a 21-year-old street hustler from Northern Ireland, living in the 1980s. The Irish Republican Army wants to recruit him, but he is reluctant because of what he sees as their cruel justice. Because of his connection to the community, the British police want him to infiltrate and spy on the IRA. Marty agrees because of the car and money he gets from the police and because he dislikes the IRA. The IRA accepts him as a Volunteer and in that position he learns of various planned attacks. He then informs Fergus, his police contact, to prevent these attacks. He builds up a new sense of self-esteem, but he cannot tell his family and friends about his activities. Even his new girlfriend Lara  only notices that he seems to do some work for the IRA, which worries her. All along, the British accept the risk that the IRA may discover that Marty works for them. They do not plan to rescue him in that case. When it happens, the IRA capture and torture Marty, but he manages to escape by throwing himself out of a window. His handler Fergus is now his only ally--he finds him and helps him hide. Fergus offers to arrange for Marty and Lara and their children to live in Scotland but Marty realises that she would never be able to feel safe. He then goes on the run to Canada alone, leaving his family behind. As shown at the start of the film, he is shot there by the IRA and survives.'] ['A new science teacher  at Kona Pali High School in Hawaii pushes a group of students to come up with a science project. With a combination of design vision, mechanical skills, knowledge of batteries, and lightweight drivers, the students design and build a solar-powered car they name "Cockroach." Their team manages to outperform a corporate-sponsored car and win the local Big Island competition by correctly predicting cloudy weather based on the surfing experience of the student captain, Daniel . Cloudy weather would make their vehicle\'s battery capacity a more important factor than its weight. With the shop teacher as chaperone , the students travel to Australia to compete in the World Solar Challenge. To the relief of their corporate sponsor , who is still bitter over the loss of his company-built vehicle in Hawaii, their car is delayed at the very start of the race. However, the students choose to persevere and remain in the race. A sand storm and other difficulties provide occasions for heroism. Uni  pilots the car through difficult terrain, but has an accident and is rescued by Gilbert . After Cindy  is disqualified from driving for drinking alcohol, Eduardo  puts aside his "lolo-haole" conflict with Daniel and reduces the car to allow the overweight Gilbert to drive.'] ['During the Second World War Field Marshal Erwin Rommel has placed two spies in Cairo, at the headquarters of the British Eighth Army. They are able to monitor every move of the British. It falls to British intelligence to hunt down the spies before they do too much damage to the war effort.'] ["Newly appointed men's basketball head coach Don Haskins  from the Texas Western College in El Paso, not having many financial resources to recruit the most coveted high school athletes, decides to find the best players in the country regardless of race to form a team that can compete for a national championship. Some of the young men he and his assistants recruit, from places as far away as Indiana, Michigan and New York, possess a lot of talent, but are very raw when it comes to organized college basketball with its greater focus on defense and ball distribution. In the end, his Texas Western Miners team comprised seven black and five white athletes, a balance that raised eyebrows even at his own university. Haskins puts his players through a very tough training program, threatening to cut anyone who doesn't work as hard as he demands, while trying to integrate his white and black players into a single team with a common goal. Haskins starts games with three black and two white players and, after initial victories against mediocre local teams, quickly discovers that he has to give his black players more free room on the court. Yet the more victories his team achieves with its flamboyant style, including slam dunks and creative passes until this time rarely seen in college basketball, the more the racial hatred mounts. This culminates in threats to his own family, the beating of a player while on the road and ultimately the ravage of his team's motel rooms by racists while they are at an away game. Increasingly frightened and feeling the burden on their shoulders, the team loses its last game of the regular season after the black players stop playing with passion. Thus the Texas Western Miners finish the 1965-66 regular season with a 23–1 record, entering the 1966 NCAA tournament ranked third in the nation. Going on to the NCAA finals played at College Park, Maryland, they face the top-ranked University of Kentucky under legendary coach Adolph Rupp . Rupp, with a well-organized and better experienced all-white Wildcats squad firmly believes that his opponent stands no chance. On the eve of the decisive game, Haskins calls his whole team into the empty arena, telling them that he intends to start an all-black lineup in the game, and also only using the two other black players in the rotation. The team reacts surprised, but even the best white players accept his decision as the right thing to do. In the face of seemingly insurmountable odds, Texas Western faces mounting problems with forward and team captain Harry Flournoy  leaving the game with a foot injury after just a few minutes of play, and their center in foul trouble. In a close game, the Miners narrowly lead at half time, but finally manage to beat Kentucky 72–65 with some impressive steals, defensive stops and a fast-paced game in the second half. The film ends with the players exiting the plane that brought them back to El Paso to the greeting of a raucous crowd."] ['In the film, two young white women  accuse nine black youths of rape in the segregated South. Timothy Hutton stars as criminal defense attorney Samuel Leibowitz. The film begins after the first trial of the nine in the present-day bustling city of Scottsboro, Alabama. Samuel Leibowitz, a successful Jewish lawyer from New York is called down past the Mason-Dixon Line to defend the nine blacks.'] ['Hossein Rezai plays a local stonemason turned actor who, outside the film set, makes a marriage proposal to his leading lady, a student recently orphaned after the earthquake. The family of the girl finds his offer insulting however, as he is poor and illiterate, and the girl decides to evade him because of this. She continues evading him even when they are filming, as she seems to have trouble grasping the difference between her role and real life. The fictional couple takes part in what would be the filming of Life, and Nothing more.... The situation complicates further as Hossein still pursues the affections of the young actress while the film goes on. The director learns about this and tries to advise Hossein about what to do. He then illustrates their story and where the conflict began. The girl manages to finish the scene while Hossein woos her and then departs by walking as Hossein runs to follow her. In a memorable scene, at a great distance, the girl finally gives an answer to Hossein and we are left with him running through a green field and back into the olive grove. The audience is left to wonder what response was given by the girl.'] ['The story centers around Brian Anderson , a soldier who is only out for his own neck, who ends up drawn into taking care of orphans in a nearby orphanage, keeping a promise to a friend who was killed in action. At first, he views the task with a degree of annoyance, then slowly begins to warm up to the orphans, risking his life and his career to protect them. Robert Englund  played the role of Tripper. Susan Saint James played a doctor and the love interest to Brian Anderson.'] ["When Wanda Holloway was a teen, her father forbade her to try out for her school's cheerleading team. Many years later, when Wanda had a daughter of her own, she was determined that her daughter would fulfill the dream she was denied and become a cheerleader--which would allow Wanda to make up that part of her childhood by reliving it through her daughter. The film takes place in Channelview, Texas. Wanda enrolls her daughter, Shanna, in various dance and gymnastics classes in order to enhance her prospects of becoming a cheerleader. She forces Shanna to practice for hours on end, despite sickness or injury. Wanda's best friend, Verna Heath, and her daughter, Amber, live next door to the Holloway family. Amber is the same age as Shanna and the two teenagers become friends. Verna had been a successful varsity cheerleader when she was young and holds the same ambition as Wanda for her own daughter. Leading up to the cheer-leading tryouts, jealousy sparks between Wanda and Verna, despite the fact that their daughters' friendship remains solid. In the months prior to the tryouts, Wanda forces Shanna to concentrate completely on cheer-leading. At the tryouts, Amber impresses the judges but Shanna is unable to, despite all of her training. Amber makes the squad and Shanna does not, disappointing both Shanna and Wanda. The fact that Shanna did not make it onto the team causes Amber to end the friendship between Verna and Wanda. Wanda, however, does not give up on seeing her daughter become a cheerleader and decides to try again next year. Every day until next year's try outs, Shanna practices frequently at her mother's command. When the time arrives, Amber makes the team and is even promoted to co-captain, but Shanna is disqualified, due to her mother's attempts to bribe the judges and other students. The shock of her daughter's failure for the second time puts Wanda into a mad fit of rage, anger, and jealousy. Wanda decides that if it was not for Amber, Shanna would have definitely been a cheerleader. She becomes obsessed with the notion that living next door to talented Amber had sapped Shanna's confidence and ruined her chances of success. Wanda meets her brother-in-law Terry to take a hit out on Amber and Verna. However, Terry is horrified by Wanda's hate for a 13-year-old girl. He disagrees with the murder of a young vibrant girl - especially over something as petty as cheer-leading. After the rendezvous, Terry decides to turn in Wanda to the police. He meets Wanda again, this time with a tape recorder in order to obtain proof of Wanda's desire to commit homicide. Terry sends the recorded message, along with background information, to the police. Wanda is arrested and sentenced to 15 years in prison, but is set free when it is discovered that a member of the jury at her trial was on probation. Wanda serves only six months for the attempted murder of Amber. In the end, Shanna decides it would be best to quit trying for the cheerleading team. Presently, Shanna and Wanda reside in California, where Shanna is taking modelling, singing and acting classes. Wanda hopes that one day, her daughter will be a famous Hollywood actress, no matter what it takes."] ['John Finley Horton  is a White American journalist who artificially darkens his skin and passes for a black man in the deep South, from New Orleans to Atlanta, where he encounters a great deal of racism from both white and black peoples.'] ['In 1987, Eastside High School in Paterson, New Jersey, is plagued with numerous problems, especially drugs and gang violence. Furthermore, the students scored poorly on the state\'s test of minimum basic skills. During the opening credits sequence, after a teacher is brutally beaten for trying to break up a fight and the state legislature has recently passed a law proclaiming that schools that cannot meet minimum test requirements will be put in receivership, Mayor Bottman  consults school superintendent Dr. Frank Napier , who suggests the school hire elementary school principal Joe Louis Clark, aka "Crazy Joe" , who was a teacher at Eastside High 20 years before, as the new principal. The mayor is reluctant at first as he knows about the trouble the radical Clark has caused in the past, but Clark is hired. Tension arises immediately when Clark dismisses from the school hundreds of students identified as drug dealers or abusers and troublemakers. A meeting between the parents of those students and the academic board only fans the flames. The next day, Clark runs into one of the expelled youths, Thomas Sams , who asks to be let back into the school. In a dramatic rooftop scene, Clark gives him a sharp lecture about crack and what can happen to Sams if he keeps on using it. Clark then dares Sams to commit suicide by jumping off the roof, but Sams, breaking down in tears, refuses and promises to clean up his act. Clark grants him a second chance to turn things around. However, another expelled student manages to get inside the school and attack another student before Clark comes to break up the fight. Knowing he is breaking the fire code, Clark orders all doors chained and locked during school hours to keep drug dealers out, and enlists security guards to keep the fire chief out of the school. Clark\'s unusual methods lead him to clash with numerous teachers and with his vice principal Mrs. Levias . He fires one teacher and suspends another for clashing with him in front of the students, though the suspension is reversed by the superintendent. The students take a practice version of the basic skills test, but only 33% of them pass it . Clark embarks on a campaign to prepare the students for the real test, culminating in a motivational assembly the morning of the exam. Over the school year, the students bond with Mr. Clark, not just as a principal, but as a father figure. Clark highly values school pride, and several times throughout the film insists that all students learn the school song and be able to perform it on demand. Meanwhile, one parent whose son was expelled from Eastside by Clark, Leona Barrett , aligns herself with the mayor in an effort to oust Clark. The fire chief eventually catches Clark with chains on the doors and Barrett makes a tape recording of him ordering them removed during a surprise inspection. Clark\'s arrest comes after a key scene involving Kaneesha , who remembers Clark from grade school. Clark is offering counsel about Kaneesha\'s unplanned pregnancy just before he is arrested. That night, while Clark is in jail and the mayor is preparing to remove him, the entire student body converges on the Central Office of the Paterson Board of Education. They demand that Clark be released from jail and retained as principal. Mrs. Barrett tries to convince the students that Clark has made too many wrong decisions and is not the right man to be principal of Eastside, and asks that they return to their homes before any trouble starts. The students claim that Clark cares for them and has done so much good that they will not accept anyone else as their principal, and shout down Mrs. Barrett with chants and cheers. Eventually, Clark is freed from custody, and to good news: enough students passed the basic skills exam, which means the current administration will retain control over the school. With that, Clark shuns both Mrs. Barrett and the mayor: "You can tell the state to go to hell!" Then Clark leads his students in singing Eastside High\'s school song. The closing credits feature scenes of graduating Eastside High Class of 1988 seniors, including Sams.'] ["{{plot}} Jonathan Wamback starts his daily jog through the streets of his suburban neighbourhood. During his run he catches the eye of Courtney Henderson. Shortly after, Jonathan and his best friend Tyler start their first day of high school, where Jonathan notices Courtney again. As the boys are waiting to register, four members of a high school gang, Kyle Simpson, Donald Brooks, Trevor Smith, and Ben Luekens make a noisy entrance. They waste no time ganging up on a small grade nine student, mocking and bullying him. Jonathan steps in to intervene and quickly makes an enemy of gang leader Kyle. Intrigued by Jonathan's moxy, tough girl Courtney leads him away, both delighting Jon and angering Kyle. Returning home from a workout, Lozanne Wamback, Jonathan's mom, encounters the gang members lighting cherry bombs in the park and harassing some small children. Angered she follows Kyle home and attempts to speak to his mother about his behaviour. But Nora Simpson refuses to believe Lozanne and brushes her off. Lozanne tells Joe and Jon about the incident, but Joe is too busy to listen and dismisses her concerns, saying she's taking it too seriously. The gang members use the basement of the Simpson house as a meeting place where it becomes clear that Kyle's mother Nora is in a state of denial about her son, not being appropriate as of the age he is. While he and the gang members get high and listen to gangster rap music in the basement, Nora is oblivious to what her son is up to. At school, Jon intervenes again as the gang members harass a younger student. Afterward, he's approached by Gord Nelson and Jeff Walters, two cool guys who profess to be committed to standing up to Kyle's gang. They come across a Skulls tag  spray-painted on a warehouse wall. Jon impresses them when he climbs up and spray-paints over it, turning it into a sword . They notify him that by doing so he's effectively declared war on the Skulls. At a school dance the gang converges on Jon, suckering him into pushing Kyle to the ground. Kyle complains loudly to a pay duty cop monitoring the dance. The policeman refuses to listen to Jon's protests that the gang started the fight. He's put into the cruiser and taken home in disgrace. Jon is frustrated as his parents refuse to listen to his side of the story. To make matters worse, at school Jon is now a marked man. The Skulls follow him into the school washroom where they rough him up and rip his shirt. Just as they're about to attack him Gord and Jeff break in on the scene. With the odds evened-up the Skulls take off leaving Jon with a final threat. Outside the washroom Jon is stunned to see Courtney with Kyle - for the first time he realizes they're a couple. At home Jon still finds no understanding from his parents. His father sees only a torn shirt in the garbage and not the reason the shirt got torn. The two have words. Angry and disappointed, Jon escapes to his bedroom where Courtney phones him and invites him to meet her at the park. Happy at the prospect of clearing things up with Courtney Jon agrees to meet her. But he walks into a trap. Courtney's call was a ruse to lure him to the secluded park where the gang is waiting for him. To make things worse Gord has painted racist remarks over a Skrulls tag in the park washroom and the gang jumps to the conclusion that it was done by Jon. They close in on him and he is hit and knocked down. Jon manages to escape and runs down the street and between two houses, only to find himself trapped by a fence. The gang closes in and begin a frenzied attack on Jon. He is kicked in the body and head again and again. Finally a frightened Trevor urges them to stop and Jon somehow manages to stumble home. Returning from work Jon's parents find him semi-conscious on the couch and call the ambulance. Forward several hours: Jon has undergone brain surgery and Joe and Lozanne try to make sense of the tragedy that has befallen them. The medical staff explains Jon's condition to them and as Joe starts to realize the severity of Jon's injuries he runs from the building in a fit of rage and helplessness. Notices looking for information about Jon's attempted murder are posted around the neighbourhood and eventually Kyle is taken into police custody. Nora can't accept Kyle's involvement in the horrific attack and is belligerent and defensive. She insists that he wasn't involved, complaining of police brutality and threatening to sue. At the hospital Joe is incensed when the police inform him that they won't tell him the identities of the boys who attacked Jon. A nurse tells Lozanne that she must learn how to maintain Jon's tracheotomy tube. When Lozanne tries to get Joe to come and listen he brushes her off and a scene ensues as she tries to make him understand that the only thing they should be worrying about is Jonathan's condition. In the courthouse the judge lets the cocky, unremorseful boys out on bail pending a trial and sets a curfew for them. When a reporter approaches Joe, he rages against the fact that Jon is on life support and his attackers are still free. The Crown Attorney warns him that the Young Offenders Act prohibits him from talking to the press. Although Jon is still in a coma, Lozanne and Joe are thrilled when he starts to breathe by himself. But now they must face the realities of Jon's condition - that his muscles will atrophy, that he must be medicated to maintain his body temperature, that he must learn to speak again. Lozanne and Joe establish a routine of daily care - participating in his physical therapy, washing and tending his broken body, talking to him even though he doesn't appear to hear. Their love for Jonathan and complete dedication to helping him recuperate slowly starts to heal their fragile relationship. As Jon slowly starts to emerge from his coma, Joe lobbies to have the Young Offenders Act rewritten to impose harsher penalties for violent crime. The gang's defence lawyers start to portray Jon as a racist vigilante who provoked the gang members by writing racist slurs. Incensed, Joe has trouble keeping his emotions in check when dealing with the media and is warned by his lawyer to cool it. Gord continues to hide the fact that it was he who wrote the slurs, not Jon. Now out of his coma, Jon starts the painful physical therapy necessary to recuperate. Lozanne, Joe, Toby, and other friends of the family spend hours at the hospital helping him on the long, slow road to recovery. Finally the day comes when Jon can return home. Now Jon has a whole new set of obstacles to overcome - from climbing the stairs to receiving anonymous hate mail. The judgment comes down on the trial - Trevor is freed, but Kyle and Ice Man are found guilty. Due to a prior conviction, Ice Man is remanded into closed custody but Kyle is allowed to go free on bail. However, the victory is a hollow one for the Wambacks; the media still infers that Jon wrote the racist graffiti and he is still haunted by memories of the attack. Gord finally visits Jon for the first time since the attack and the truth emerges that he wrote the slur that was used as the excuse for the beating. Finally, Jon decides to return to school to prove that despite everything, he's no longer a victim. Upon his arrival Kyle and other students are shocked at the reality of the physical damage inflicted upon Jon."] ['The film opens on July 4, 1969, with the Zodiac killer’s second attack, the shooting of Darlene Ferrin  and Mike Mageau  at a lovers\' lane in Vallejo, California. Mageau survives while Ferrin dies from her injuries. One month later, a letter written by the Zodiac arrives at the San Francisco Chronicle. Paul Avery  is a Chronicle crime reporter. Robert Graysmith  is a political cartoonist there. The newspaper receives encrypted letters that the killer sends, taunting the police. Because of Graysmith\'s status as a cartoonist, he is not taken seriously by Avery and the editors and is excluded from the initial details about the killings despite his interest in the case. In particular, he is drawn to the encrypted code that is included with the letters and is given access to one. When he is able to crack one of the codes and makes several correct guesses about the killer\'s actions, Avery begins sharing information with him. While at a bar together drinking Aqua Velvas, which Avery initially makes fun of Graysmith for, they discuss the coded letters. The Zodiac killer attacks again, stabbing Bryan Hartnell  and Cecelia Shepard  at Lake Berryessa in Napa County. Shepard dies as a result of the attack, while Hartnell survives. Soon afterward, San Francisco taxicab driver Paul Stine is shot and killed in the city\'s Presidio Heights district. San Francisco police detectives Dave Toschi  and his partner Bill Armstrong  are assigned to the case, liaising with other detectives such as Jack Mulanax  in Vallejo and Ken Narlow  in Napa. The killer, or someone posing as him, continues to toy with authorities by speaking on the phone with celebrity lawyer Melvin Belli ([[Brian Cox  when he makes an appearance on a television talk show. Avery and Graysmith form an alliance, delving deeper into the case. In 1971, Toschi, Armstrong and Mulanax question Arthur Leigh Allen , a potential suspect in the case. However, a handwriting expert  insists that Allen did not write the Zodiac letters. Avery receives a new letter threatening his life. He becomes increasingly paranoid and turns to drugs and alcohol. At one point, he shares information with a rival police force, angering Toschi and Armstrong. By 1975, Avery leaves the Chronicle. Armstrong quits the homicide division, and Toschi is demoted for supposedly forging a Zodiac letter. Graysmith, meanwhile, continues his own in-depth investigation, interviewing witnesses and police detectives involved in the case. Obsessing over the unsolved case, he begins receiving anonymous phone calls with heavy breathing . Because of his submersion in the case, Graysmith loses his job and his wife Melanie  leaves him, taking their children with her. Graysmith persistently contacts Toschi about the Zodiac murders and eventually impresses the veteran detective with his knowledge of the case. While Toschi cannot directly give Graysmith access to the information he discovered over the years, he provides contacts of other police departments in counties where the other murders occurred. The cartoonist acquires more information that points to Allen as the Zodiac, and although circumstantial evidence seems to indicate his guilt, the hard evidence, such as fingerprints and handwriting samples, exonerate him. In December 1983, a full 14 years after the original slayings, Graysmith tracks Allen down to a Vallejo hardware store, where he is employed as a sales clerk. After Allen asks if he can help Graysmith with anything, they stare at each other for a moment with blank expressions before Graysmith simply replies with a "No", and leaves the hardware store. Eight years later, in 1991, Mageau  meets with authorities and identifies Allen from a police mugshot. Final title cards, however, inform the audience that Allen died in 1992 before he could be questioned further by police, and that DNA tests performed in 2002 did not match samples gathered from the Zodiac letters.'] ["In May 1940, as the German invasion of the Netherlands is underway, the British government decides to send a team to the Netherlands on board HMS Walpole HMS Walpole, event 13 May 1940 - uboat.net to secure stocks of industrial diamonds before the invaders can get to them. Accordingly, two Dutch diamond experts, Jan Smit  and Walter Keyser  with a British Army Intelligence officer, Major Dillon , are dropped by ship off the Dutch coast. Dodging German bombs and suspicious Dutch police and soldiers, they commandeer a car driven by Anna , whom they have just saved from trying to commit suicide. The four of them drive to Amsterdam. They meet Jan's father at his diamond business house and he agrees to try to persuade other dealers to bring their diamonds later that day for transport to Britain. But as many of the stones are stored in a time-locked bank vault which won't open for 24 hours, they recruit a group of sabotage experts to break in. With the Dutch police, including suspected fifth columnists, on their trail, the group manage to break into the vault and recover the diamonds. The three visitors make their escape whilst the armed Dutch helpers hold down the police and soldiers. They drive back to the coast, barely dodging German bombers. As they embark on a commandeered tugboat to take them back to the waiting ship, Anna elects to remain in the Netherlands and work with the nascent resistance movement."] ['The film is shown through the point of view of a Japanese photojournalist named Shiomi Akutagawa . Three years after covering Danang during the communist takeover, Akutagawa is invited back to Vietnam to report on life after the war. He is guided by a government minder to a New Economic Zone near Danang and is shown a group of schoolchildren happily playing, singing songs praising Ho Chi Minh. The scene that he sees is actually staged to deceive the foreign press. In Danang, he witnesses a fire and is beaten by the police for taking photos without permission. He also sees the police beating up a "reactionary". Later he sees a family being forced to leave the city to a New Economic Zone and wonders why they would not want to go there, recalling the happy children that he saw. In the city, he meets Cam Nuong  and her family. Her mother secretly works as a prostitute to raise her children. She has two younger brothers, the older one, Nhac, is a street-smart boy who is conversant in American slang, while the younger boy, Lang, was fathered by a Korean that her mother serviced. From Cam Nuong, Akutagawa learns the grisly details of life under communism in Danang, including children searching for valuables in freshly executed corpses in the "chicken farm". One day, Nhac finds an unexploded ordnance while scavenging in the garbage and is killed. At the "chicken farm", Akutagawa meets To Minh , a young man who was just released from the New Economic Zone. After To Minh attempts to rob Akutagawa\'s camera, he is tried and re-sent to the New Economic Zone. Akutagawa uses his connections with an official to follow him there. At the New Economic Zone, he witnesses the inmates being mistreated. He returns to the location where the smiling children were singing for him earlier, and finds to his horror them sleeping unclothed in overcrowded barracks. Meanwhile, To Minh has a plan to escape the country with a friend named Thanh. However, while on duty dismantling landmines one day, Thanh is blown up. To Minh gets on the boat to flee the country alone, but he is set up. The Coast Guard is waiting for them and shoots indiscriminately into the boat, killing all on board then taking all the valuables. Cam Nuong\'s mother is arrested for prostitution and forced to confess publicly. She committs suicide by impaling herself with a hook. Akutagawa decides to sell his camera to help Cam Nuong and her brother leave the country. On the night of the ship\'s departure, Akutagawa helps them by carrying a container of diesel. However, they are discovered and he is shot at. The diesel container blows up, burning Akutagawa to death. The film ends with Cam Nuong and her brother safely on the boat, looking forward to a new life at a freer place.'] ["Recount chronicles the 2000 United States Presidential Election Bush v. Gore case between Governor of Texas George W. Bush and Vice President Al Gore. It begins with the election on November 7 and ends with the Supreme Court ruling, which stopped the Florida election recount on December 12. Key points depicted include Gore's retraction of his personal telephone concession to Bush in the early hours of November 8; the decision by the Gore campaign to sue for hand recounts in Democratic strongholds where voting irregularities were alleged, especially in light of the statistical dead heat revealed by the reported machine recount; Republican pressure on Florida’s Secretary of State Katherine Harris in light of her legally mandated responsibilities; the attention focused on the hand recounts by media, parties, and the public; the two major announcements by Florida Supreme Court spokesman Craig Waters extending the deadline for returns in the initial recount  and ordering a statewide recount of votes , and later overturned by the United States Supreme Court; and finally the adversarial postures of the Supreme Courts of Florida and the United States, as well as the dissenting opinions among the justices of the higher court."] ["Branch Rickey, played by Edward Herrmann, is the owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers who is determined to integrate Major League Baseball. He begins sending his scouts to Negro League games to find the best players. Rickey directs his scouts to look not only at playing ability but also at the players' maturity and capacity to withstand the hostility that is sure to be directed at the first black player in the Major Leagues. Robinson gradually comes to Rickey's notice both for his skills on the field and his personal background. Although Paige and Gibson are far more prominent, Rickey decides to pass them over, concerned about Paige's age and reports about Gibson's mental stability. Rickey makes history by signing Robinson to the first contract between a black man and a Major League Baseball franchise. This alienates Robinson from his two friends at first, until Paige enlists Robinson's help in getting Gibson temporarily released from a mental hospital so that the three men can all play in the annual exhibition game between the All-Stars of the Major Leagues and the Negro League. The game is rained out, but Paige and Gibson seem reconciled to Robinson's being signed ahead of them. The movie concludes by showing scenes from Robinson's successful career with the Dodgers, as well as Paige's later signing by the Cleveland Indians. Gibson died from a brain aneurysm at the age of 36 before he could ever play a game in the Major Leagues. All three men are later inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame."] ['Violette Nozière  is a French teen in the 1930s who secretly works as a prostitute while living with her unsuspecting parents, father Baptiste Nozière  and mother Germaine Nozière . Rebelling against her "mean and petty" petit-bourgeois parents, she falls in love with a spendthrift young man, whom she virtually supports with thefts from her parents as well as her prostitution earnings. Meanwhile, her parents are informed by Violette\'s doctor that she has syphilis. Violette manages to half-persuade her suspicious mother and indulgent father that she has somehow inherited the disease from them. On this pretext, she tricks them into taking "medicine" that is actually poison, killing her father; her mother, however, survives, and Violette is arrested and charged with murder. She defends herself by alleging that her father had molested her; Chabrol\'s abrupt use of flashbacks makes it uncertain whether Violette is simply lying or telling a half-truth. She is convicted of murder and sentenced to die by guillotine, but a voiceover at the end tells us that her sentence was commuted by degrees to the point that she ultimately left prison, married, and had five children.'] ["Takako  is a teacher on an island in the inland sea off the coast of Hiroshima after world war II. During her summer holiday, she goes back to Hiroshima to visit the graves of her parents and younger sister, who were killed in the bomb attack. She sees a beggar and realizes he is a man called Iwakichi  who used to work for her parents, now burned on the face and partially blind. She visits him at his home and asks about his family. His grandson, Taro, is now in an institution. She visits the institution and finds the children barely have enough to eat. Takako offers to take Iwakichi and his grandson back to the island, but he refuses, running away. Takako then goes on to visit Natsue, who was another teacher at a kindergarten where she used to teach, and is now a midwife. Natsue has been rendered sterile by the atom bomb blast and she is discussing adopting a child. Natsue and Takako visit the site of the kindergarten, which is now destroyed, and Takako decides to visit the students of the kindergarten. The father of the first student she visits, Sanpei, has suddenly been taken ill from a radiation-related illness and dies just before she arrives. Another one of the students is terminally ill and dying in a church where many people with bomb-related injuries are gathered. After staying the night in Natsu's house, she then goes to visit another student, Heita. His sister , who has an injured leg, is just about to get married, and Takako dines with her. She talks to Heita's older brother  about the people who died or were injured in the war. She returns to Iwakichi's house and asks him again to let her take Taro back to the island. At first he refuses, then his wife persuades him to let Takako take Taro. However, Taro refuses to leave his grandfather. The grandfather sets Taro down for a meal, buys him new shoes, and sends him to Takako with a letter. Then he sets his house on fire. He survives the fire but is badly burned and eventually dies. Taro and Takako go back to the island, carrying Iwakichi's ashes."] ['In June 1972, a security guard ([[Frank Wills  at the Watergate complex finds a door kept unlocked with tape. The police arrive where they find and arrest five burglars in the Democratic National Committee headquarters within the complex. The next morning, The Washington Post assigns new reporter Bob Woodward  to the local courthouse to cover the unimportant story. Woodward learns that the five men&mdash;four Cuban-Americans from Miami and James W. McCord, Jr.&mdash;had bugging equipment and have their own "country club" attorney. McCord identifies himself in court as having recently left the Central Intelligence Agency, and the others also have CIA ties. The reporter connects the burglars to E. Howard Hunt, a former employee of the CIA, and President Richard Nixon\'s Special Counsel Charles Colson. Carl Bernstein , another Post reporter, is assigned to cover the Watergate story with Woodward. The two are reluctant partners, but work well together. Executive editor Ben Bradlee  believes their work is incomplete, however, and not worthy of the Posts front page. He encourages them to continue to gather information. Woodward contacts "Deep Throat" , a senior government official and anonymous source he has used in the past. Communicating through copies of The New York Times and a balcony flowerpot, they meet in a parking garage in the middle of the night. Deep Throat speaks in riddles and metaphors about the Watergate break-in, but advises Woodward to "follow the money". Over the next few weeks, Woodward and Bernstein connect the five burglars to thousands of dollars in diverted campaign contributions to Nixon\'s Committee to Re-elect the President . Bradlee and others at the Post dislike the two young reporters\' reliance on unnamed sources like Deep Throat, and wonder why the Nixon administration would break the law when the President is likely to defeat Democratic nominee George McGovern. Through former CREEP treasurer Hugh W. Sloan, Jr. , Woodward and Bernstein connect a slush fund of hundreds of thousands of dollars to White House Chief of Staff H. R. Haldeman&mdash;"the second most important man in this country"&mdash;and former Nixon Attorney General John N. Mitchell, now head of CREEP. They learn that CREEP used the fund to begin a "ratfucking" campaign to sabotage Democratic presidential candidates a year before the Watergate burglary, when Nixon was behind Edmund Muskie in the polls. Bradlee\'s demand for thoroughness forces the reporters to obtain other sources to confirm the Haldeman connection. When the White House issues a non-denial denial of the Posts above-the-fold story, the editor thus continues to support them. Woodward secretly meets with Deep Throat again for more questions where Deep Throat finally reveals that the Watergate break-in was indeed masterminded by Haldeman. Deep Throat also claims that the cover-up was not to hide the other burglaries or of their involvement with CREEP, but to hide the "covert operations" involving "the entire U.S. intelligence community", and warns that Woodward, Bernstein, and others\' lives are in danger. When Woodward and Bernstein relay this to Bradlee, he urges the reporters to continue despite the risk and Nixon\'s re-election. In the final scene, set on January 20, 1973, Bernstein and Woodward type out the full story, with the TV in their office showing Nixon taking the Oath of Office, for his second term as President of the United States, in the foreground. The sound of their typewriter keys blends on the soundtrack with that of the 21-gun-salute at the inauguration, as if to suggest that Woodward and Bernstein are actively "gunning-down" Nixon at that very moment. A montage of Watergate-related teletype headlines from the following years is shown, ending with Nixon\'s resignation and the inauguration of Vice President Gerald Ford on August 9, 1974.'] ["On 19 May 1983 at approximately 10:48 p.m, Downs  drove to McKenzie-Willamette Hospital in Springfield, Oregon with a gunshot wound to her arm.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098352/plotsummary She claimed that an unknown assailant attempted to carjack her and shot her three children: Karen, 8 ; Shauna, 7 ; and Robby, 3 . Shauna was dead on arrival at the hospital. Eldest daughter Karen was badly injured, but survived suffering a temporary loss of speech due to a stroke after the shooting, but recovered sufficiently to serve as a witness in court against her mother. Diane's son was paralyzed from the chest down. Downs was diagnosed with three cluster B personality disorders: antisocial, histrionic and narcissistic. She was eventually tried and convicted of murder, attempted murder, and assault. The film shows that Downs started a romance with a married man who did not want children. Downs planned to kill her children to be free to pursue this relationship. He ended the relationship and remained with his wife. Diane Downs is sentenced to life in prison, and her two surviving children are adopted by the prosecutor Frank Joziak and his wife Lola . The children are depicted being reunited with their mother for the first time, fifteen years after the shooting. In reality the children have not seen their mother since the shooting, with the exception of the surviving daughter's court appearance."] ['The film spans one day in the life of Anjelica Soto, aka “Rascal” , a 15-year-old Latino gang leader in Watts, as she struggles to survive. Surrounded by escalating violence and racial tensions, Rascal realizes her days in the gang are numbered. Encouraged by her English teacher  to apply for a writing program in Iowa, Rascal hopes to use the material from her life to write her way out of Watts. The forces around Rascal thrust her into a deadly cycle of violence that seems almost impossible to escape. To leave, she will have to make the dangerous decision to renounce her loyalty to the gang.'] ['Isabelle Huppert plays a housewife turned abortionist in 1940s Nazi occupied France. She becomes one of the last women to be guillotined in France.'] ['Based on the first-person book by Brian Cruver, Anatomy of Greed, The Crooked E television movie chronicles the rise and fall of the Houston-based Enron Corporation. The film offers the perspective of Cruver, played by Christian Kane, depicted as a brilliant but naïve young energy trader who was seduced by the company\'s "get rich quick" mantra. The extravagant company culture is shown through scenes of extreme office parties, over-the-top expense accounts, and sexy female employees. When the company inevitably crashes in the fall of 2001, the film shows how shareholders and employees suffered the most. Real-life executives are portrayed in the film, including Enron Chairman Ken Lay played by Mike Farrell, CEO Jeff Skilling played by Jon Ted Wynne, and whistleblower Sherron Watkins played by Jan Skene, while other characters are renamed  such as senior executive Mr. Blue played by Brian Dennehy.'] ["In the early 1840s, Wells & Fargo employee Ramsay MacKay  comes upon a broken down carriage in the countryside and gives belle Justine Pryor  and her mother  a lift into Buffalo, New York, though he warns them he is in a hurry to make a delivery of fresh oysters. The ladies endure a very bumpy ride, and he arrives in time to enable his employer, Henry Wells , to impress some bankers with the speed of his service. Wells sends him to set up a branch office in St. Louis, which is quite convenient, as the Pryors reside there. MacKay and Justine begin seeing each other, though her mother disapproves, as does Justine's more socially prominent suitor, Talbot Carter . Impressed with MacKay, in 1846, Wells sends him to open trails to California. MacKay takes along Hank York , a frontiersman who only works when he has to, and Hank's constant Indian companion, Pawnee . Among his many duties, MacKay sets out to transport gold from a mining settlement to San Francisco. One of his customers is prospector Dan Trimball . When Dan expresses his longing for his sweetheart back East, MacKay recommends Wells Fargo's new shipping venture. Elated, Dan sends for his girl. Meanwhile, when MacKay sets out with the gold, he is shot and left for dead by two robbers. Though he recovers, he is threatened by his miner customers, who do not believe he was robbed. Fortunately, he shows them a draft from Wells & Fargo that will cover all their losses. When MacKay and Dan meet the ship in San Francisco in 1851, passenger Henry Wells has a surprise for his star employee: Justine has come too . The happy couple get married. Though their union is strained at times by MacKay being away so often on business, they have a daughter and remain in love. For the birth of their second child, Justine sends her husband to fetch her mother. Then comes the American Civil War. The marriage is strained to the breaking point. Desperately needed gold is sent repeatedly from the west to the Union, but the shipments are intercepted. Wells & Fargo is assigned the task of transporting $2,000,000 in gold. MacKay, chosen to lead the wagon train, meets with President Lincoln , who emphasizes to him how crucial this shipment is. However, Justine and Mrs. Pryor are fervent Southern supporters, and Justine's brother has been killed fighting for the Confederacy. When MacKay refuses Justine's plea to shirk his duty, she overhears the secret route he will take and writes it down. At the last moment, she crumples up the letter, but her mother has no such scruples. She passes the document along without her daughter's knowledge. As a result, MacKay is met by a Confederate force led by Talbot Carter. MacKay wins the battle, but both Talbot and Pawnee are killed. MacKay finds the letter in his wife's handwriting among Talbot's possessions. When he returns to San Francisco, his house is empty. His wife and two children have gone with his mother-in-law. Many years later, MacKay goes east for a dinner in his honor, he has an unexpected visitor afterward: his now teenage daughter Alice ([[Peggy Stewart . She invites him to her seventeenth birthday party, but he declines, as he has to leave on business. However, he cannot stay away. When he enters, he sees his estranged wife and his heart softens. Then he discovers that she was not responsible for the bloodshed, and they are fully reconciled."] ['American burlesque performer Steve Martin  offers to play a song for his audience, if they agree to sing along. Only one person does sing, a young boy named Asa Yoelson . Steve is bowled over by the boy\'s voice, but Asa realizes he should be singing at the synagogue with his father, Cantor Yoelson . Asa arrives late, and is later reprimanded by his strict father. Asa is reluctant to explain where he was, but Steve Martin visits the Yoelsons\' home. He explains that he heard Asa sing at the burlesque house, and that he wants Asa to be part of his act. Papa Yoelson refuses to consider it. Asa is determined to be in the act, and runs away to Baltimore, where he is taken to a home for boys. The kindly superintendent, Father McGee , finds Steve Martin and notifies Asa\'s parents. When they appear, Asa tells them that he will keep running away until they allow him to go into show business. Asa\'s mother  believes that it would be better to give Asa what he wants than have him running away all the time. On stage, Asa gets bored with singing songs the same way all the time, and begins to improvise. When his voice suddenly breaks, he starts whistling instead, but is unhappy and wants to go home. Steve says that they can work on stage together - previously Asa has only stood in the audience. Asa changes his mind, and his name: he performs as Al Jolson . At a show, blackface entertainer Tom Baron  passes out drunk, and Al goes on in his place. Two theatrical entrepreneurs, Oscar Hammerstein  and Lew Dockstader ([[John Alexander , are in the audience. Dockstader realizes that it was really Al who was on stage, and hires him join his minstrel show. One night, Jolson is out walking when he hears the new, exciting jazz music; he enjoys it so much that he forgets that he has a show that night. Dockstader fires him. Al visits his parents, but does not stay long, because he receives a call from Tom Baron, who is now a theater manager. Baron invites Al to join his Broadway show. Al insists on choosing his own material, including his signature tune, "Mammy", and he becomes so popular that he becomes the leading player and takes the show on tour. At a Sunday night concert, Al meets an up-and-coming dancer named Julie Benson . It is love at first sight for Al, and only a few hours after meeting her, he proposes to her.  She agrees, although she does not love him yet. They marry during Al filming The Jazz Singer, by which time Julie has fallen in love with him. But Julie is not as fond of show business as he is; she wants to quit and settle down. Al persuades her to continue with it, and they star in a film together, but eventually Julie can\'t stand any more. Al admits that he would rather have her than show business, and he finally quits. They move to the country. Al refuses all job offers and absolutely will not sing, even for family and friends. But one night, they decide to celebrate the wedding anniversary of Al\'s parents. Papa Yoelson persuades him to sing for them, and then Tom Baron suggests they go to a nightclub and see an early floor show. Jolson is afraid of being recognized, but the crowd insists on a song. Although he tries to fob the crowd off, it is no use and he has to sing. Julie realizes he is happier than he has been in a long time, and decides to leave. She walks out of the picture, and out of his life, leaving Al to his first love: singing. A successful sequel, Jolson Sings Again, was released in 1949.'] ['In simple terms, the film follows a "typical" journey made by Tom Kruse, from Marree to Birdsville, some 325 miles away, showing the various people he met along the Track and the sorts of obstacles he faced. In fact, sometimes described as a docudrama, the film was closely scripted: it comprises a number of re-enactments and a \'lost children\' story, rather than chronicling an \'actual\' trip. Nonetheless, many of the people featured in the film were real-life bush characters. They include the bushman-cum-mailman Tom Kruse; Bejah Dervish, the Afghan camel driver who "fought the desert by compass and by Koran"; William Henry Butler, Kruse\'s record-playing companion; Jack the Dogger who kills wild dingoes; and old Joe the Aboriginal rainmaker. Australian Screen curator, Lauren Williams, suggests that the film "can be read like a collection of travelling vignettes along the Birdsville Track, embracing the experiences of these people and the isolated ‘never-never’ land they occupy".Cunningham, Stuart  \'To go back and beyond\' in Continuum: The Australian Journal of Media & Culture Vol. 2 No. 1 #Titles, Introduction #Marree #Travelling, The Night Bog #Etadinna #Cooper Crossing #Kopperamanna Mission #Travelling Vignettes #Lost Children #Windstorm, Birdsville'] ['In 1925, New York\'s governor, Al Smith, persuades state senator James J. "Jimmy" Walker that the Democratic Party needs him to run for mayor of New York City. A concern on Jimmy\'s part is his estrangement from wife Allie, but he discovers that she is willing to go along with his political aims. Under the guidance of Chris Nolan, his political mentor, Jimmy wins the election in a landslide. He later learns, though, that Allie has no intention of renewing their relationship. She is simply satisfied to be the great city\'s first lady. A drunken Jimmy is found on a park bench by Betty Compton, who takes him home, not knowing who he is. She scolds him for his behavior upon learning Jimmy is the mayor, and a mutual attraction develops. He uses his political connections to help find her a job. Such favors and graft become a focal point in 1929\'s reelection campaign, when opponent Fiorello LaGuardia mocks the mayor publicly and questions the current administration\'s integrity. Jimmy also goes bankrupt due to the stock market\'s crash, and Betty grows despondent over his inability or unwillingness to get Allie to consent to a divorce. Still popular with the public, Jimmy is reelected. He tries to bring Betty to his victory party, but it is against his colleagues\' wishes. Tired of being hidden, Betty attempts suicide. She is hustled out of the country by Chris and impulsively marries a man who has been courting her. The charges against Jimmy lead fellow Democrats to believe he could hurt Franklin D. Roosevelt\'s presidential hopes for 1932. Jimmy admits to having accepted bribes and favors, claiming all successful politicians do. His popularity erodes. Spectators at a Yankee Stadium baseball game boo him for the first time. Jimmy offers his resignation as mayor in a speech from the field. He decides to leave New York forever, whereupon Betty, after a quick divorce, intends to join him, married or not.'] ['The young Catholic Gerald Bull is fascinated with large-bore guns, inspired by Jules Verne\'s novel From The Earth To The Moon. The adult Dr. Gerald Bull\'s career as a successful large-bore gun designer takes a turn as he is defunded by the U.S. Army; he then produces weapons for China, Israel, and ultimately South Africa which results in his arrest and conviction for illegal arms dealing. After his release, Bull promotes his supergun idea to Saddam Hussein, and, with funding through BCCI, begins design work on the top secret project, "Babylon". Bull solves several manufacturing challenges by forging and assembling it in sections which are bolted together by flanges, and lining the relatively soft barrel material with an alloy sleeve to reduce wear on the barrel. British and U.S. government agencies are shown to be aware of Bull\'s activities, but do nothing to stop him. The Israeli Mossad tries to dissuade Bull, and goes so far as to threaten his life, with no effect. As the "Baby Babylon" version of the gun is assembled and tested successfully horizontally in Iraq, Bull\'s second in command, Cowley, quits after a roadside run-in with Mossad agent Dov, who also shadowed Bull. The Iraqis demand an additional, 45-degree, test of the prototype gun, using threats to coerce Bull into compliance. That completed test firing results in a direct hit on a target 100 miles away, and Bull brags that the full size "Babylon" gun can fire "ten times as far." As production of the full-size sections of the gun continues in England and elsewhere, falsely documented as oil pipeline parts in order to evade export restrictions, the film depicts increasing threats to Bull\'s life from Hussein, and the Mossad agent Dov. As the gun nears completion, Bull, while returning home, is gunned down at his apartment, where his body is discovered by his wife. The end text crawl states that Dr. Bull\'s murder was unsolved, and that the U.S. contributed over $3 billion to Iraq in the years preceding the first Gulf War.'] ['Then clerk for Texas Congressman Richard Kleberg, Lyndon Johnson  runs up the steps of the Capitol to meet with future Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn , who is sure he will work beside Johnson in the future. Johnson then runs off with his boss\'s Cadillac, driving all night to pick up his fiancee Lady Bird Johnson  at the home of her father in Texas. They both drive back to Washington, D.C., and have a bad run-in with Kleberg\'s standoffish wife, who thinks he is sabotaging her husband for his own political gain. After being fired by the Congressman , Johnson wakes up one morning to find that another Congressman has died, leaving the seat vacant. He prods a local judge who is very politically connected, Judge Alvin Wirtz , into giving him a chance to run for Congress. Judge Wirtz tells Johnson that the former Congressman\'s widow might run for the seat, and that he\'ll need $10,000 just to make it a contest. Lady Bird Johnson\'s father provides the $10,000, and gets confirmation that the widow will not run. Johnson then tours the hill country of Texas, bringing along his father and his wife to campaign. He promises that he shall provide services such as power and running water to the people, and goes stumping, pushing harder and harder. It is after a gruelling schedule and many, many cigarettes and Milk of Magnesia bottles later that the pain is so great in his abdominal area that Johnson collapses. Lady Bird appears at the bedside of her husband, who had an operation to remove a ruptured appendix and is now recuperating. When he awakens, she tell him that he had won the election and calls him \'Congressman\'. Johnson is then shown inside the Capitol, taking an elevator ride up with his friend Sam Rayburn, leaving his wife as the elevator doors close. Johnson receives a phone call that his father had died, and he goes to Texas for his funeral, when he discovers that his father left his mother in thousands of dollars worth of debt. This revelation, combined with the high cost of running a campaign, forces LBJ to becoming a friend to lobbyists in order to find money. These new connections mean that not only he can begin to get financial help, but his stalled hydroelectric project gets the help it needs in order to happen. At a party held by his largest backer, Johnson meets a vivacious and attractive woman, Alice Glass , who becomes a lightning rod for his ambition. Despite the threat of another woman, Lady Bird is determined to keep her husband and to help him become even more successful. It is now 1948, and Johnson now is vying for a Senate seat soon to be vacated by a retiring Senator. His promises kept to the people of the hill country, he still must defeat Governor Coke Stevenson, who battles him for a Texas Democratic caucus vote amid rumors of corruption in the form of vote fixing. A 28-28 deadlock is broken when Johnson\'s staffers pull onto the floor a drunk member , who votes LBJ into the Senate with the 29th vote. An ebullient Johnson starts his tenure as United States Senator by parking in the Senate Majority Leader reserved parking spot, much to the chagrin of the parking attendant. The same lot is shown again in the future, and Johnson\'s name is now fixed on the parking spot. Johnson is now working tirelessly with all of the members of the Senate, battling the troublesome Joseph McCarthy, making amendments to the Taft-Hartley Act, and pressing for civil rights legislation. A new face in Washington, Senator John F. Kennedy, is told under no uncertain terms that a committee spot on the Foreign Relations Committee in the Senate would be his if he stayed for a crucial labor vote. This meeting proved important as time moves forward to 1959, when Kennedy is one of the nominees for the Presidential campaign for the Democratic Party. A visit by JFK\'s brother Robert Kennedy to Texas is arranged as father Joseph Kennedy, who along with his sons, wish to know if LBJ is running for President or not. Johnson refers to Robert Kennedy as a "Harvard man" in a derisive tone while he discovers Robert\'s true intentions, and goes out of his way to try to embarrass him while hunting. The lack of action by Johnson in responding to Kennedy in a timely fashion allows John Kennedy to build up a very strong support network, essentially shoving Johnson out of any real chance at the Presidential nomination. Promised votes by Wyoming, now going over to Kennedy to send him over the top to win the nomination, puts Johnson and his family off. Johnson says that his father was right, and that he made a big mistake by not doing something sooner. An offer of the Vice Presidency by John Kennedy is at first rejected by Johnson because of the advice of Sam Rayburn. The next day, Rayburn tells Johnson that he changed his mind, and LBJ accepts the offer, despite Robert Kennedy\'s attempt at squashing the idea. After JFK is elected in 1960, Johnson soon regrets his decision, and he is made to fill the most benign of roles while the President and his brother shut him out of meetings. This position changes drastically when John Kennedy is shot in Dallas in 1963, and Lyndon Johnson becomes the new President of the United States. He accompanies now widow Jacqueline Kennedy, along with his wife, on Air Force One on a trip back to Washington. He takes the Oath of Office by Texas federal district judge Sarah T. Hughes on board the aircraft, and a still of the moment along with a short audio summary of the events after ends the movie.'] [' The film falls into two parts. The first part involves Wallis struggling to develop a means of attacking Germany\'s dams in the hope of crippling German heavy industry. Working for the Ministry of Aircraft Production, as well as doing his own job at Vickers, he works feverishly to make practical his theory of a bouncing bomb which would skip over the water to avoid protective torpedo nets. When it came into contact with the dam, it would sink before exploding, making it much more destructive. Wallis calculates that the aircraft will have to fly extremely low  to enable the bombs to skip over the water correctly, but when he takes his conclusions to the Ministry he is told that lack of production capacity means they cannot go ahead with his proposals. Angry and frustrated, Wallis secures an interview with Sir Arthur "Bomber" Harris , the head of RAF Bomber Command, who at first is reluctant to take the idea seriously. But he is eventually convinced and takes the idea to the Prime Minister, who authorises the project. The second part of the film involves Bomber Command forming a special squadron of Lancaster bombers, 617 Squadron, to be commanded by Wing Commander Guy Gibson. He recruits experienced crews, especially those with low-altitude flight experience. While they train for the mission, Wallis continues his development of the bomb but has problems, such as the bomb breaking apart upon hitting the water. This requires the drop altitude to be reduced to 60 feet. With only a few weeks to go, he succeeds in fixing the problems and the mission can go ahead. The bombers attack the dams. Several Lancasters and their crews are lost, but the overall mission succeeds and two dams are breached. The film\'s reflective last minutes convey the poignant mix of emotions felt by the characters – triumph over striking a successful blow against the enemy\'s industrial base is greatly tempered by the sobering knowledge that many died in the process of delivering it.'] ["Set in 1910, the film's main character is Ben Harvey : serious about seeing the world, he leaves his home for Chicago, where he meets a woman named Lil, who in reality is the Madam of the bordello Ben mistakes for a boarding house. He also is friends with Adeline, one of the prostitutes. While he tries to find work, Ben encounters other people, including a man named Sullivan, who is involved in shady doings in city government. Suspecting corruption, Harvey and a hard drinking reporter decide to investigate."] ['Captain Scott is given the men, but not the funds, to go on a second expedition to the Antarctic. As his wife works on a bust of him, she tells him that she\'s "not the least jealous" that he\'s going to the Antarctic again. The wife of a scientist whom Scott hopes to recruit has a very different opinion from Scott\'s wife, but the scientist agrees to go. Scott also visits Fridtjof Nansen, who insists that a polar expedition must use dogs. Scott goes on a fundraising campaign, and despite popular scepticism, manages to raise enough money to fund the expedition. After a stop in New Zealand, the ship sets sail for Antarctica. Once there, a camp is set up at the coast, and a small contingent of men, horses and dogs begins the trek towards the pole. About halfway, the horses are shot and some of the men are sent back with the dogs. At the three quarter mark, Scott selects the five-man team to make the push to the pole. They reach the pole only to find the Norwegian flag already planted there and a letter from Roald Amundsen asking Scott to deliver it to the King of Norway. Hugely disappointed, Scott\'s team begins the long journey back. Scott is very concerned about the health of two of his men: Evans, who has a serious cut on his hand, and Oates, whose foot is appallingly frostbitten. Evans eventually dies and is buried under the snow. Realizing that his condition is slowing the team down, Oates sacrificed himself by walking out of the tent into a blizzard to his death after saying "I\'m just going outside and I may be some time." Finally, just 11 miles short of a supply depot, the rest of the team dies in their tent after being trapped by a blizzard, with Scott writing the famous "I do not regret this journey&hellip;" entry in his diary. Months later, a search party discovered the tent and the bodies. Scott\'s diary was also recovered, allowing the members to learn of the polar party\'s fate. The film ends with the sight of a large wooden cross with the five names of the dead inscripted on it as well as the quote : "To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield." The film was lampooned in the Monty Python Series 2 episode \'Scott of the Antarctic\'.Scott of the Antarctic'] ['A series of news reports document the role of Richard Nixon in the 1972 Watergate scandal, prior to his 1974 resignation speech. Meanwhile, David Frost has finished recording an episode of his talk show in Australia and watches on television as Nixon leaves the White House. A few weeks later in the London Weekend Television  central office, Frost discusses the possibility of an interview with his producer and friend, John Birt. When Frost mentions Nixon as the subject, Birt doubts that Nixon will be willing to talk to Frost. Frost then tells Birt that 400 million people watched President Nixon\'s resignation on live television. Nixon is recovering from phlebitis at La Casa Pacifica in San Clemente, California. He is discussing his memoirs with literary agent Irving "Swifty" Lazar, who tells the former president of a request by Frost to conduct an interview with an offer of $500,000; only after Lazar contacts Frost is the offer increased to $600,000. Lazar contacts Frost to inform him that Nixon is interested, so Frost and Birt fly to California to meet with Nixon. On the plane Frost meets Caroline Cushing, with whom he soon becomes smitten and begins a relationship. At La Casa Pacifica, Frost makes the first partial payment of $200,000. However, Nixon\'s post-presidential chief of staff, Jack Brennan, expresses doubts that Frost will be able to pay the entire amount. Frost tries to sell the interviews to the U.S. broadcast networks, but they all turn him down. Frost decides to finance the project with private money and syndicate the broadcast of four interviews. He hires two investigators — Bob Zelnick and James Reston Jr. — to dig for information along with Birt, focusing on Watergate. During the research process, Reston mentions a lead in the Federal Courthouse in Washington that he thinks he can lock down with a week of work, but Frost decides against it. Over the first three recording sessions, each two and a half hours long, Frost struggles to ask planned questions of Nixon. Nixon is able to take up much of the time during these sessions by giving lengthy monologues, preventing Frost from challenging him. The former president fences ably on Vietnam and is able to dominate in the area where he had substantial achievements — foreign policy related to Russia and China. Frost\'s editorial team appear to be breaking apart as Zelnick and Reston express anger that Nixon appears to be exonerating himself, and Reston belittles Frost\'s abilities as an interviewer. Four days before the final session on Watergate, Frost is in his hotel room, waiting for Caroline to call him from Trader Vic\'s to bring him some food. The phone rings, and Frost, believing it to be Caroline, answers "I\'ll have a cheeseburger." He is astonished to discover that it is actually an inebriated Nixon at the other end of the line. Nixon drunkenly tells Frost that they both know the final interview will make or break their careers. If Frost fails to implicate Nixon definitively in the Watergate scandal, then Frost will have allowed Nixon to revive his political career at Frost\'s expense. He will thus have an unsellable series of interviews and be bankrupted. Nixon acknowledges that he feels a certain amount of socioeconomic kinship with Frost, saying that both of them had to struggle to make it to the top of their fields, only to be brutally knocked back down but goes on to assure him that he will do everything in his power to emerge the victor from the final interview. The conversation spurs Frost into action. Having spent most of his time selling the show to networks and gaining advertisers, he resolves to ensure that the final interview will be successful. He calls Reston and tells him to follow up on the federal courthouse hunch and works relentlessly for three days. As the final recording begins, Frost is a much sterner adversary, providing damning information about Charles Colson, resulting in Nixon admitting that he did unethical things, but defending himself with the statement, "When the President does it, that means it\'s not illegal." Frost is shocked by this statement, and asks if the president took part in a cover-up, at which point Brennan bursts in and stops the recording as Nixon is visibly unable to answer. After Nixon and Brennan confer in a side room, Nixon returns to the interview, admitting that he participated in a cover-up and that he "let the American people down". Shortly before Frost returns to England, he and Caroline visit Nixon in his villa. Frost thanks Nixon for the interviews and presents him with a gift pair of Italian shoes that Nixon mentioned during their first meeting. Nixon is reluctant about wearing shoes without shoelaces and sees them as effeminate. Nixon, realizing he has lost, however, does graciously thank Frost and wishes him well in future endeavors. Nixon then asks to speak to Frost privately. Nixon asks if he had really called Frost before the final interview and if they had spoken about anything important. Frost replies that Nixon did indeed call and they talked about cheeseburgers. Reston says that Nixon\'s lasting legacy was the suffix "gate" being added to any political scandal. The epilogue tells that Nixon wrote an autobiography, but never escaped controversy until his death in 1994. At the film\'s close, Nixon watches David and Caroline leaving and then leans over a railing of his villa, looking out at the sunset and contemplating the future.'] ['The film begins in Nanking during late 1937, where German businessman John Rabe, director of the local Siemens subsidiary, and his wife Dora have resided for almost thirty years. The thought of transferring management to his successor Fliess and returning to Berlin is a substantial professional setback for him. During the farewell ball in his honor, Nanking is bombarded by planes of the Japanese forces. Rabe opens the company gate and saves the panicked civilians. While the fires are being put out the next morning and the damages are inspected, the remaining foreigners in the city discuss what they can do in the face of the threat. Dr. Rosen, a German Embassy Attache of partly Jewish descent, reports about Shanghai where a safety zone was established for civilians. His suggestion of a similar zone is warmly supported by his superior, Ambassador Trautmann, and Valérie Dupres, director of the International Girls College. John Rabe is nominated as the chairman of the international committee, since he is a German "ally" of the Japanese. The committee meets, though with the initial reluctance of Dr. Robert O. Wilson, the U.S. head doctor of a local hospital, who harbors ideological antipathy towards the German "Nazi" Rabe. The next day, Rabe sends his wife back to his own country. Tragically, the ship is bombed, and the passengers onboard are killed, presumably including his wife. Meanwhile, Japanese forces have captured many National Revolutionary Army soldiers during a battle outside of Nanking. Nanking is then brutally overrun. John Rabe and the international committee however manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the Japanese authorities. Hundreds of thousands seek refuge; more than anticipated and overstretching the committee\'s resources. Further atrocities follow, and every member of the committee trys their best to keep these innocent people safe. Mmme. Dupres stoutly refuses to give up the Chinese soldiers hidden in the attic of the Girls College. Under all the stress, Dr. Wilson and Rabe become friends, drinking, singing, and playing the piano together. The committee celebrates Christmas. Some packages have made it to them from the outside world. Rabe even gets an unmarked one. It is a Gugelhupf cake. Rabe faints as he realizes that his wife must have sent him this, his favorite cake, as a secret message that she is safe and well. His friends rush to his aid. Dr. Wilson discovers that Rabe is diabetic and has run out of insulin. The doctor manages then to procure some vital insulin from the Japanese authorities. Life, and survival, become more desperate in the new year. Rabe offers his last savings to buy supplies. As Japanese troops march up to the gates of the zone, Chinese civilians form human shields together with the international committee. Japanese tanks are brought into position as well, but before a shot can be fired, the horn of a steamboat signals the return of Western diplomats and journalists. The film ends with Rabe making his farewells. Carrying a small suitcase, he is escorted by a troupe of Japanese through the ruins of Nanking to the harbor. There he is recognized and cheered by the Chinese. Finally, he is reunited with his wife on the pier.'] ['{{Plot}} In Lebanon, Hezbollah militants escort producer Lowell Bergman  to Hezbollah founder Sheikh Fadlallah. Lowell convinces him to be interviewed by Mike Wallace  for CBS show 60 Minutes. In Louisville, Kentucky, Jeffrey Wigand  leaves his Brown & Williamson office, returning home to his wife Liane  and two children, one of whom suffers from acute asthma. When Liane asks about the boxes in Wigand’s car, he reveals that he was fired from his job. Upon returning home to Berkeley, California, Bergman receives an anonymous package containing documents relating to tobacco company Philip Morris, and approaches a friend at the Food and Drug Administration for the name of someone who can put the information in layman’s terms. Bergman is referred to Wigand, only to be steadfastly rebuffed. Bergman eventually convinces him to meet at the Seelbach Hotel in Louisville. Wigand agrees to interpret, but stresses that he cannot talk about anything else because of his confidentiality agreement. After leaving with the documents, Wigand appears at a meeting with Brown & Williamson CEO Thomas Sandefur , who orders him to sign an expanded confidentiality agreement. Wigand calls and accuses Bergman of treachery. Bergman visits Wigand’s house the next day and maintains that he did not reveal anything to Brown & Williamson. Reassured, Wigand talks to Bergman about the seven CEOs of "Big Tobacco" perjuring themselves to the United States Congress about their awareness of nicotine’s addictiveness. Bergman says Wigand has to decide for himself whether to blow the whistle on big tobacco. Bergman returns to CBS Headquarters in New York City, where he and Wallace discuss Wigand’s situation. A lawyer at the meeting claims that Wigand’s confidentiality agreement would effectively silence Wigand. Bergman proposes that Wigand could be compelled to speak through a court order arising from unrelated State litigation against Big Tobacco aimed at recovering Medicare and Medicaid costs arising from tobacco-related illnesses. They conclude this could give Wigand some protection against Brown & Williamson should he do an interview for 60 Minutes. The Wigand family move into a newer, more affordable house, and Wigand begins teaching a Louisville high school. One night while asleep, he’s alerted by his daughter to sounds outside the house. Upon investigation, he discovers a fresh shoe print in his newly planted garden. The next night, Wigand and Bergman have dinner together, where Bergman asks Wigand about incidents from his past that Big Tobacco might use against him. Wigand reveals several incriminating incidents before declaring he can’t see how they would affect his testimony. Bergman assures him they will. Bergman contacts Richard Scruggs  and Ron Motley  who, with Mississippi’s attorney general Mike Moore, are suing Big Tobacco to reimburse the state for Medicaid funds used to treat people with smoking-related illnesses. The trio express an interest in Bergman’s idea and tell him to have Wigand call them. Meanwhile, Wigand receives an email death threat and finds a bullet in his mailbox, prompting him to contact the Federal Bureau of Investigation who, after subtly accusing him of being emotionally unbalanced, confiscate his computer for evidence. Enraged over the threats to his family, Wigand phones Bergman and demands to fly to New York and tape his testimony immediately. During Wigand’s interview with Wallace, Wigand states that Brown & Williamson is making their cigarettes more addictive. He continues by saying Brown & Williamson have consciously ignored public health considerations in the name of profit. In Louisville, Wigand begins his new teaching job and talks to Richard Scruggs. Upon returning home, Wigand discovers that Bergman has given him some security personnel. Wigand’s wife is struggling under the pressure and tells him so. Days later, Wigand travels to Pascagoula, Mississippi, where he is served a restraining order issued by a State court in Kentucky to prevent him from testifying. Though the restraining order, obtained by Brown & Williamson’s lawyers, was thrown out in Mississippi, Wigand is threatened with the contention that if he testifies and returns to Kentucky he could be imprisoned for contempt of court. After a lengthy period of introspection, Wigand goes to the Mississippi court and gives his deposition, during which he says nicotine acts as a drug. Following his testimony, Wigand returns to Louisville, where he discovers that his wife and children have left him. Bergman and Wallace go to a meeting with CBS Corporate about the Wigand interview. The applicability of a legal theory has emerged, one known as tortious interference: if two parties have an agreement, such as a confidentiality agreement, and one of those parties is induced by a third party to break that agreement, the third party can be sued by the other parties for any damages. The more truth Wigand tells, the greater the damage, the theory applied goes, and a greater likelihood that CBS will be faced by a multi-billion dollar lawsuit from Brown & Williamson. It is later suggested that an edited interview take the place of the original. Bergman vehemently disagrees, and claims that the reason CBS Corporate is leaning on CBS News to edit the interview is because they fear that the prospect of a multi-billion dollar lawsuit could jeopardize the sale of CBS to Westinghouse. Wallace and Don Hewitt agree to edit the interview, leaving Bergman alone advocating airing it uncensored. A PR firm hired by Big Tobacco initiates a smear campaign against Wigand, dredging up details about his life and publishing a 500-page dossier. Through Wigand, Bergman discovers that Big Tobacco have distorted and exaggerated numerous claims, and convinces a reporter from the Wall Street Journal to delay the story until it can be disproven. Bergman contacts several private investigators who do begin their own investigation. Bergman releases his findings to the Wall Street Journal reporter and tells him to push the deadline. Meanwhile, due to his constant fights with CBS management, Bergman is ordered to go on "vacation" . Soon after, the edited interview is broadcast. After bluntly telling Wallace over the phone what he thought of the news broadcast, Bergman attempts to call Wigand at his hotel but receives no answer. He instead calls the hotel manager, who opens Wigand’s door but is stopped by the chain. Peering into Wigand’s room, the hotel manager spies Wigand sitting alone, lost in a daydream about the idyllic life he could have led without his testimony. Per Bergman’s request, the hotel manager convinces Wigand to accept Bergman’s phone call. Wigand screams at Bergman, accusing him of manipulating him into his position. Bergman tells Wigand that he is "important to a lot of people" and tries to assure Wigand that he is doing the right thing by offering that "[ heroes] like you are in short supply". After hanging up, Bergman contacts The New York Times and reveals the scandal that occurred at 60 Minutes, after which the Times publishes a scathing article that accuses CBS of betraying the legacy of their famous reporter, Edward R. Murrow for bowing to such attempts to silence publication of a truthful news story. Meanwhile, The Wall Street Journal exonerates Wigand and reveals his deposition in Mississippi, while condemning Big Tobacco’s 500-page smear as "the lowest form of character assassination." 60 Minutes finally broadcasts the full interview with Wigand. Bergman talks to Wallace and he tells him that despite their finally airing the piece, he is still quitting, saying, "What got broken here doesn’t go back together again." He leaves the building. A $246 billion settlement was made by tobacco companies with Mississippi and other States in their lawsuit and that Wigand lives in South Carolina. In 1996, Dr. Wigand won the Sallie Mae First Class Teacher of the Year award, receiving national recognition for his teaching skills. Lowell Bergman works for the PBS show Frontline and teaches at the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of California, Berkeley.'] ['Eric O\'Neill  is a young FBI employee assigned to work undercover as a clerk to Robert Hanssen ([[Chris Cooper , a senior agent he is told is suspected of being a sexual deviant. Hanssen has been recalled from a detail post at the State Department to FBI headquarters ostensibly to head up a new division specializing in Information Assurance. Initially, Hanssen insists on a strict formality between the two men. He frequently rails against the bureaucracy of the FBI and complains that only those who regularly "shoot guns" are considered for senior positions instead of those, like himself, who are involved in vital national security matters. He calls the bureau\'s information technology systems antiquated and laments the lack of coordination and information exchange with other intelligence agencies. Eventually, Hanssen becomes a friend and mentor to O\'Neill and takes a personal interest in him and his wife Juliana , who is suspicious of Hanssen and resents his intrusions. A devout Catholic who is also a member of Opus Dei, Hanssen urges O\'Neill, a lapsed Catholic, and his secular East German-born wife to become active churchgoers. O\'Neill finds no evidence of Hanssen leading a secret double life and develops a growing respect for his boss, so he confronts his handler in the undercover assignment, Kate Burroughs , and she admits that the sexual deviance allegations are only a secondary consideration. Hanssen is suspected of spying for the Soviet Union and Russia for years and being responsible for the deaths of agents working for the United States. He learns that FBI Director Louis Freeh is personally leading the investigation. While the FBI could arrest Hanssen under lesser charges, they want to catch him in an act of espionage, so they can threaten him with the death penalty for treason and possibly induce him to divulge the information he has compromised. O\'Neill is ordered to obtain data from Hanssen\'s Palm Pilot and keep him occupied while FBI agents search his car and plant covert listening devices in it. The tracking devices in Hanssen\'s car cause interference with the radio, which makes Hanssen suspicious. He also wonders why he was placed in an isolated position in the FBI only a few months before he\'s scheduled to retire. He tells O\'Neill he believes he is being surveilled by Russian agents. The FBI intercepts a message he sends to his Russian handlers saying he will not provide any more information. O\'Neill persuades Hanssen that he is not being trailed by the Russians or by him on behalf of the FBI. With his confidence restored, Hanssen makes one last dead drop of stolen information, and the FBI catches him in the act. Although he is assured promotion, O\'Neill is discouraged with the toll the case has taken on his marriage and opts to leave the agency. When O\'Neill leaves his office with his belongings, he unexpectedly encounters Hanssen in an elevator being escorted by arresting officers. Hanssen tells O\'Neill to "Pray for me" and O\'Neill promises that he will.'] ["K-219 performs a Crazy Ivan, and USS Aurora (a thinly-disguised renaming of [[USS Augusta |USS Augusta  collides with her, causing a rupture of the seal on one of its ballistic missile tubes. The leaking seawater causes a corrosive reaction which floods the sub with toxic gas. The corrosive reaction starts a fire that floods the sub with more toxic gas, and smoke. The captain surfaces the boat and moves the crew out to the deck, and attempts to vent the sub. The chief engineer informs the captain that the fire may cook off the nukes and cause a nuclear explosion. The launch doors are opened on the sub to vent smoke. Aurora ascertains that a fire is aboard K-219, and informs the Pentagon. The Pentagon, fearing radiological contamination of the Eastern Seaboard, orders Aurora to prepare to sink K-219. The fact that the launch doors are open on the SLBMs causes consternation in Washington DC, with calls for the immediate sinking of the sub, should it appear to be preparing to launch. The captain of K-219 prepares a bold plan to dive with the launch doors open, to flood the missile bay and quench the fires. As the captain dives the sub, Aurora prepares to fire, assuming K-219 is setting about to launch its missiles. After a brief but heated argument the U.S. commander is convinced to wait before launching and realises that the Soviet sub is diving, rather than launching its SLBMs. K-219s tactic works, and the sub resurfaces with the fires out. A new crisis develops to the lower cooling rods manually into all four nuclear reactors, with only 4 oxygen tanks left for the two crew members. The rods are lowered, and all nuclear reactors are shut down, averting disaster, with Moscow informed. Sergei remains locked inside the nuclear reactor room, running out of oxygen, with the rising temperature in the reactor room leading to a new crisis, exacerbated by water flooding the submarine. The captain of K-219 decides to abandon ship. Throughout the crisis, Washington insists that no information on the possibility of nuclear fall-out along the eastern American coastline be leaked to the Governors, or evacuation plans be activated to protect the population, in order not to derail the forthcoming Reykjavik summit meeting between Mikhail Gorbachev and Ronald Reagan. Capt. Britanov and his surviving crew members return safely to Moscow with some crew decorated and he being dismissed from the navy. The Reykjavik summit takes place as planned. The film's postscript details that as a legacy almost a decade after the end of the Cold War, fifty one nuclear war heads and seven nuclear reactors from nuclear submarines litter the North Atlantic ocean floor."] ["Good Night, and Good Luck. is set in 1953, during the early days of television broadcast journalism. Edward R. Murrow  and his dedicated staff—headed by his co-producer Fred Friendly  and reporter Joseph Wershba  in the CBS newsroom—defy corporate and sponsorship pressures, and discredit the tactics used by Joseph McCarthy during his crusade to root out Communist elements within the government. Murrow first defends Milo Radulovich, who is facing separation from the U.S. Air Force because of his sister's political leanings and because his father is subscribed to a Serbian newspaper. Murrow makes a show on McCarthy attacking him. A very public feud develops when McCarthy responds by accusing Murrow of being a communist. Murrow is accused of having been a member of the leftist union Industrial Workers of the World, which Murrow claimed was false. In this climate of fear and reprisal, the CBS crew carries on and their tenacity ultimately strikes a historic blow against McCarthy. Historical footage also shows the questioning of Annie Lee Moss, a Pentagon communication worker accused of being a communist based on her name appearing on a list seen by an FBI infiltrator of the American Communist Party. The film's subplots feature Joseph and Shirley Wershba, recently married staffers, having to hide their marriage to save their jobs at CBS as well as the suicide of Don Hollenbeck  who had been accused in print of being a Communist. The film is framed by performance of the speech given by Murrow to the Radio and Television News Directors Association in 1958, in which Murrow harshly admonishes his audience not to squander the potential of television to inform and educate the public.Edward R. Murrow Speech, 1958 , Radio Television Digital News Association RTNDA.org"] ['In 1980, U.S. Representative Charlie Wilson  is more interested in partying than legislating, frequently throwing huge galas and staffing his congressional office with young, attractive women. His social life eventually brings about a federal investigation into allegations of his cocaine use, conducted by then-U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani as part of a larger investigation into congressional misconduct. The investigation results in no charge against Charlie. A friend and romantic interest, Joanne Herring , encourages Charlie to do more to help the Afghan people, and persuades Charlie to visit the Pakistani leadership. The Pakistanis complain about the inadequate support of the U.S. to oppose the Soviet Union, and they insist that Charlie visit a major Pakistan-based Afghan refugee camp. Charlie is deeply moved by their misery and determination to fight, but is frustrated by the regional CIA personnel\'s insistence on a low key approach against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. Charlie returns home to lead an effort to substantially increase funding to the mujahideen. As part of this effort, Charlie befriends the maverick CIA agent Gust Avrakotos  and his understaffed Afghanistan group to find a better strategy, especially including a means to counter the Soviets\' formidable Mi-24 helicopter gunship. This group was composed in part of members of the CIA\'s Special Activities Division, including a young paramilitary officer named Michael Vickers . As a result, Charlie\'s deft political bargaining for the necessary funding and Avrakotos\' group\'s careful planning using those resources, such as supplying the guerrillas with FIM-92 Stinger missile launchers, turns the Soviet occupation into a deadly quagmire with their heavy fighting vehicles being destroyed at a crippling rate. The CIA\'s anti-communism budget evolves from $5 million to over $500 million , startling several congressmen. This effort by Charlie ultimately evolves into a major portion of the U.S. foreign policy known as the Reagan Doctrine, under which the U.S. expanded assistance beyond just the mujahideen and began also supporting other anti-communist resistance movements around the world. Charlie states that senior Pentagon official Michael Pillsbury persuaded President Ronald Reagan to provide the Stingers to the Afghans: "Ironically, neither Gust nor Charlie was directly involved in the decision and claims any credit."<ref nameCrile|firstCharlie Wilson\'s War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History|publisher2003|isbnGeorge Crile III}}{{rp}} Charlie follows Gust\'s guidance to seek support for post-Soviet occupation Afghanistan, but finds almost no enthusiasm in the U.S. government for even the modest measures he proposes. The film ends with Charlie receiving a major commendation for the support of the U.S. clandestine services, but his pride is tempered by his fears of what unintended consequences his secret efforts could yield in the future and the implications of U.S. disengagement from Afghanistan.'] ['The film begins in Rome many years after the expedition. Nobile has endured years of scorn for his actions during the disaster and its aftermath. He imagines his apartment turned into a court of inquiry against him, where witnesses and judges are his former crewmen – including Captain Zappi, his navigator and his meteorologist Finn Malmgren. Also arrayed against him are Valeria, Malmgren\'s lover, Captain Romagna, one of the expedition\'s would-be recuers, famed aviator Lundborg, professor Samoilovich, chief of the Soviet rescue mission, his pilot Boris Chukhnovski, and Roald Amundsen who lost his life in the search for survivors of Nobile\'s expedition. As they try Nobile, the events of the expedition and its failure are depicted. The expedition is successful at first, but ends in disaster. The Italia is weighed down when ice forms on it. Colliding with the ground, the airship\'s gondola is torn from its "envelope", the upper frame which contains the airship\'s lifting cells. Freed of the weight of the gondola, the envelope floats away and out of control, taking some of Nobile\'s crew with it. Nobile maintains control of the surviving crew who are now marooned on arctic drift ice. Rescue efforts are made by both Italy and the Soviet Union. Nobile\'s group is first found by Lundborg, who lands on the ice. The aviator insists he can only take Nobile. Reluctantly, Nobile agrees, sure he can best assist the rescue once he returns from the ice. These efforts are blocked: reaching the Italian ship Città di Milano he finds that his superiors have stripped him of command for apparently abandoning his crew, and he is to have no role in the rescue. Desperate, Nobile contacts the Krasin, imploring her captain for help in rescuing the survivors. Unfortunately, the Krasin has sustained damage. Also, because of the ice pack has drifted, Nobile cannot give the Krasin an accurate position for the survivors. Amundsen joins the rescue effort as well, but disappears, becoming another victim of Nobile\'s expedition. In the film, Amundsen explains that he died soon after his plane finds the remains of the envelope of the Italia, and spots what appear to be survivors. The pilot, ordered to land, crashes instead and is killed. Amundsen survives the crash, but is otherwise doomed. There is nothing to build shelter or fire with, and no hope of rescue. He also finds that none of the crew left in the envelope survived, even though they looked alive when seen from above. In the end, the Krasin finds the survivors, including Zappi and Marianno who had left the others in an attempt to reach Kings Bay for help. Malmgren, who had also joined Zappi, died before he could be rescued. Pressed for a vote, Samoilovich defends Nobile\'s actions, noting that his rescue of the survivors was a direct result of Nobile\'s escape to King\'s Bay. Neither can he fault Nobile\'s apparent lack of heroism because a captain has no right to risk his own safety by individual acts of heroism. The others quickly reach a verdict of guilty, but Amundsen discounts the verdict, finding each of the accusers unfit to judge for various reasons, including indifference to others, emotional sterility or bitterness. The accusers file out of Nobile\'s apartment, Amundsen being the last. With Amundsen, Nobile reveals his feelings of guilt for leaving the men on the ice, remembering that his first thoughts on entering Lundborg\'s plane were not of rescue, but of a good hot bath. Amundsen helps Nobile find peace by reminding him that his frailty is only a sign of humanity and not guilt.'] ["The film deals with a child, whose parents were among the tens of thousands of Argentines who were murdered during the military junta's Dirty War, who years later has to contend with the pain barely remembered. In this case the child is director Albertina Carri. She returns with her film crew to the house she lived in the 1970s and interviews the neighbors about her parents and what happened. The movie's title comes from an elderly woman's insistent  recollection that Carri's family members all had blond hair. Carri tries to determine the following in the doc: Who were the Carri's? How did they disappear? Were they blond or brunette? Were they heroes or merely a fiction of those who remember them? In addition to appearing on camera herself, Ms. Carri is played by the actress ."] ["{{see also}} The movie revolves around real-life Lithuanian seaman Simas Kudirka, a radio operator on a Soviet fish processing vessel. When his ship meets at sea with a U.S. Coast Guard cutter near Martha's Vineyard in early 1970, Kudirka makes a dramatic leap from the deck, landing on the USCGC Vigilant. He announces that he wishes to defect, but confusion over U.S. policy on defections prevent the Americans from offering him asylum. As the crew of the Vigilant looks on helplessly, Soviet officers are allowed to board the cutter, beat and bind Kudirka, and drag him back to his own ship. This tinderbox political incident occurs during a Soviet/U.S. conference over fishing rights. The ultimate fate of Simas Kudirka provides the core of the script.Allmovie.com - The Defection of Simas Kudirka"] ['In Jasper, Texas in June 1998, three self-proclaimed white supremacists chain James Byrd, Jr. to the back of their pickup and drag him to his death over three miles of country road. When the town is forced to deal with an onslaught of media coverage that thrusts it into the collective conscience of the entire country and the arrival of contentious members of the Ku Klux Klan and the Black Panthers, the once peaceful relationship between its white and black citizens is subjected to tension. Trying to maintain peace in the community as the trial of the three perpetrators commences are black mayor R.C. Horn and white sheriff Billy Rowles, neither of whom is prepared to handle all the negative publicity. Justice is served when two of the men are condemned to death and the third is sentenced to life in prison.'] ['Princess Victoria of Kent is the heiress presumptive to the throne during the last years of the reign of her uncle King William IV. She is brought up under a strict set of rules devised by her mother , the Duchess of Kent and comptroller of the Duchess\'s household, Sir John Conroy, who calls it the "Kensington System." Conroy hopes that William IV will die while Victoria is still a minor, thus the Duchess would be appointed Regent, and he would be the power behind the throne through his considerable control of the Duchess. Victoria grows rebellious and resentful of her mother and Conroy\'s oppressive control of her every move. During an illness, her mother and Conroy attempt to force Victoria to sign papers that would make Conroy her personal secretary upon her majority. Although weak and ill, Victoria is strong enough to vehemently refuse this ploy, throwing the papers on the floor. Her uncle King Leopold I of Belgium wishes to use his influence through family ties to secure an alliance between Britain and Belgium. He realises his sister, the Duchess, exerts little influence over Victoria and decides to have his nephew Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld seduce Victoria. Albert is trained by Baron Stockmar to learn Victoria\'s interests, including her favourite novels, music and opera. The Duchess invites the Coburg brothers, Albert and Prince Ernest of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld to visit the household. Victoria and Albert develop an early fondness for each other, despite Victoria knowing that Albert was sent by her uncle to win her favours. They begin writing to one another after Albert has returned home. To maintain control over Victoria, Conroy and the Duchess keep her away from the King\'s court, and are unhappy when she insists on attending the King\'s birthday reception. At the reception in Windsor Castle, the King, stating his wish to be closer to Victoria, insults her mother in public twice. The King increases Victoria\'s income but this is rejected by Conroy, who physically subdues her in front of her mother, heightening the animosity between them. The King is outraged and sends the Whig Prime Minister Lord Melbourne to advise her. Victoria agrees to appoint Lord Melbourne as her private secretary, and he appoints her ladies-in-waiting, including the Duchess of Sutherland. King William dies after Victoria\'s 18th birthday, avoiding a regency. After accession, Victoria immediately begins to exert her independence, including moving into her own room and banishing Conroy from her household and coronation. During her first meeting with the Privy Council, she announces, "I am young, but I am willing to learn. And I mean to devote my life in service of my country and my people. I look for your help in this." Victoria moves into the recently completed Buckingham Palace. The Queen Dowager, Queen Adelaide advises Victoria against accepting all of Lord Melbourne\'s proposed ladies-in-waiting, but he persists. Lord Melbourne and Albert begin a battle for influence over Victoria. Albert goes to England to spend more time with Victoria. They bond further, dancing during her coronation and Albert hints at going further with their relationship but Victoria resists. Lord Melbourne loses a vote in Parliament, leading Victoria to invite Sir Robert Peel of the Tories to form a new government. However, Victoria refuses to allow Peel to replace her ladies-in-waiting, who are allies of Lord Melbourne. Peel in turn refuses the queen\'s invitation, allowing Melbourne to continue as prime minister. The subsequent crisis damages Victoria\'s popularity, leading to demonstrations outside the palace and insults hurled at her in public. The loneliness during the turbulence draws Victoria closer to Albert through their letters. She invites Albert to England and proposes marriage. Victoria and Albert have a loving marriage, but Albert is frustrated at his initial powerlessness in the household. Queen Adelaide advises Victoria to allow Albert to take on more duties, which he does. He reorganises the running of the royal household and dismisses Conroy for mishandling funds. He also becomes Victoria\'s primary adviser, rejecting the influences of Lord Melbourne and King Leopold. He overreaches when he goes over Victoria\'s head in a matter with parliamentary politics, leading to a fierce argument between the two. One morning, while riding in a carriage together, Victoria is fired upon by a would-be assassin. Albert shields her, and his bravery leads to their reconciliation. The final title card explains that Victoria and Albert had nine children. Their descendants are the royal families of Britain, Spain, Sweden, Norway, Yugoslavia, Russia, Greece, Romania and Germany. They reigned together for 20 years. Albert died from typhoid fever at age 42. In memory of him, Victoria had his clothes laid out every day until her death at the age of 81. Victoria and Albert championed reforms in education, welfare and industry. They also supported arts and sciences that were celebrated in the Great Exhibition of 1851. Victoria remains the longest reigning British monarch to date.'] ['In 1939, American standout university student Bill Dietrich  is approached by Nazi recruiters due to his German heritage. He feigns interest, then notifies the FBI. FBI agent George Briggs  tells him to play along. Dietrich travels to Hamburg, Germany, where he undergoes six months of intensive training in espionage. He is then sent back to the United States to set up a radio station and to act as paymaster to the spies already there. He is told that only a "Mr. Christopher" has the authority to change his assignment. Dietrich manages to pass along his microfilmed credentials to the FBI; they are altered so that instead of being forbidden to contact most of the agents, he is authorized to meet them all. In New York, his contact, dress designer Elsa Gebhardt , is suspicious of the modification and requests confirmation from Germany, but communication is slow. In the meantime, she has no choice but to give Dietrich full access to her spy ring. When questioned, Dietrich\'s other legitimate contact, veteran espionage agent Colonel Hammersohn , denies knowing Mr. Christopher\'s identity. In a separate development, a German spy is killed in a traffic accident; the FBI finds a secret message among his possessions stating that Mr. Christopher will concentrate on Process 97. Briggs is alarmed because he is aware that Process 97 is America\'s most closely guarded secret. When the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor in December 1941, the United States enters the war. Most of the spies Dietrich has identified are immediately picked up, but Gebhardt\'s ring is left alone, in the hope of flushing out Mr. Christopher. Gebhardt gives Dietrich papers to transmit immediately to Germany; they contain part of Process 97, a key part of the atomic bomb project. Dietrich steals a cigarette butt he notices in non-smoker Gebhardt\'s otherwise empty ashtray. The FBI traces this tiny clue to Luise Vadja, and from her to her supposed boyfriend, Charles Ogden Roper , a scientist working on the atomic bomb. Roper breaks when he is picked up and shown a message from Germany ordering his liquidation after he has completed his mission. Roper confesses to dropping off the last part of Process 97 at a bookstore, hiding the papers in a book. A man believed to be Mr. Christopher is filmed leaving the store. That is enough for Briggs. He orders the arrest of Gebhardt\'s ring. It is just in time for Dietrich. Gebhardt finally receives a reply from Germany, confirming her worst fears. She injects Dietrich with scopolamine in an attempt to obtain information, but her building is surrounded by government agents. Gebhardt orders her underlings to hold them off while she disguises herself as a man - she is Mr. Christopher - and tries to escape with the vital papers. Unable to get away, she returns, only to be shot by mistake by one of her own men. The rest are captured, and Dietrich rescued.'] ['In 1989, Josey  returns to her hometown in northern Minnesota with her children, Sam ([[Thomas Curtis  and Karen , after escaping from her abusive husband. She moves in with her parents, Alice  and Hank . Hank is ashamed of Josey, who became pregnant at the age of 16, and believes that this was the result of Josey being promiscuous. The townspeople believe the same, which causes them not to allow Josey to blend in. Her only friends are Glory  and Glory\'s boyfriend Kyle Dodge . Glory, who works at the local iron mines , aids Josey in getting a job there. Glory and Kyle also allow Josey to stay at their place with her children, due to Josey\'s bad relationship with her father. Josey quickly befriends the other female workers at the mine, which include Glory, Sherry  and Big Betty , and becomes the target of provocations spearheaded by Bobby Sharp , Josey\'s high school boyfriend who also works at the mine. Her attempts to stop the provocations by reporting it to the mine\'s higher-up only worsen it, and soon all the women are being verbally and physically abused by men at the Mine. Josey is also sexually harassed by many of them, including Bobby. Josey\'s refusal in giving in on her male co-workers\' demands causes them to spread lies about her being promiscuous and trying to seduce them, which cause Josey to be further segregated not only by her father and the men\'s wives, but also by Sam, who starts believing that his mother is indeed promiscuous after discovering that he was the result of her teenage pregnancy. After even the mine\'s board of directors refuses to hear Josey\'s complaints about the way women are treated at the mine, she quits and asks Bill White , a friend of Kyle and Glory and also a lawyer – to help her file a lawsuit against the company. Bill tells her that the best way to win a case like this is by convincing the other women to back up her statements in court. The women, however, are hesitant, as this would mean risking their jobs, and refuse. Josey also discovers that Glory has ALS  Hank is disappointed by Josey\'s decision, and Alice leaves him, tired of hearing him criticizing their daughter for something that was not her fault. Hank later attends a union meeting. Josey appears, hoping to address the miners and explain her reasons for suing the mine. When they refuse to hear her and start verbally abusing her, Hank stands up for his daughter and reprimands his co-workers for their rude treatment of Josey and all the women at the factory. At the court, the mine\'s lawyers attempt to hold Josey\'s so-called "promiscuous" past against her, and have Bobby Sharp testify on how Sam is the fruit of a consensual sexual relationship between Josey and one of her teachers. Josey then reveals the truth: When she and Bobby were 16, they were caught skipping class and kissing by their teacher and were forced to stay after class as punishment. When detention ended, Bobby left first to start up his car, intending to give Josey a ride. While he was away, Josey was attacked and raped by her teacher. Bobby witnessed the rape and not knowing what to do, he left the school quickly. Josey got pregnant from the rape, but refused to abort the baby or give it away, and had Sam. Josey\'s lawyer Bill gets Bobby to admit he is lying about the sex being consensual. Glory has come to the court in her wheelchair and from the back of the room her husband reads a letter saying she stands with Josey. Other women then stand up to support Josey\'s complaint. They are followed by more women, family members, and miners. With this, the mining company loses the case and is forced to pay the women for what they suffered, in addition to establishing a sexual harassment policy at the workplace. Josey, vindicated, thanks Bill for all that he has done for her and her family and departs to teach Sam how to drive, telling him that she intends to buy him a car on his 18th birthday.'] ['Christine Papin , and Léa Papin  are sisters with a troubled past, who work as maids in Le Mans, France. After a string of domestic jobs, they start working for the Lancelin family, which consists of Monsieur Lancelin, his wife and their adult daughter Genevieve. Christine sees in Madame Lancelin a mother figure, in spite of her severity. But their wretched background — an indifferent mother, a drunken, abusive father and time spent in orphanages — casts a shadow over the girls. Over time, their ill-fated situation darkens and they withdraw into themselves. Finally, after six years of service, they end up committing a particularly brutal crime on February 2 1933: killing Madame Lancelin and her daughter after gouging their eyes out.'] ['The miniseries presented a dramatization of the sequence of events leading to the September 11, 2001 attacks by Al Qaeda on the United States, starting from the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and up to the minutes after the collapse of the World Trade Center in 2001. The point of view of the movie is from two primary protagonists: John P. O\'Neill, and a composite Central Intelligence Agency  agent, "Kirk". O\'Neill was the real-life Special Agent in charge of Al Qaeda investigations at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. He died in the collapse of the Twin Towers on September 11 shortly after retiring from the Federal Bureau of Investigation  and taking the position of Director of Security for the World Trade Center. The composite CIA agent "Kirk" is shown dealing with various American allies, especially Northern Alliance leader Ahmed Shah Massoud, in Afghanistan. In addition, "Patricia", a CIA headquarters analyst, represents the views of the rank and file at CIA headquarters. The miniseries features dramatizations of various incidents summarized in the 9/11 Commission Report, and represented in high level discussions held within both the Clinton and Bush administrations. The final hour of the movie dramatizes the events of 9/11, including a re-creation of the second plane entering the World Trade Center, Tom Burnett\'s calls to his wife, and John Miller\'s reporting near the scene of the attacks. The film concludes with information about the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission, as well as the performance evaluation the Commission gave the government when it reconvened in 2005.'] ['The film follows the rise and fall of convicted Watergate co-conspirator G. Gordon Liddy. Robert Conrad is cast as Liddy, who is sentenced to 20 years in prison. The film follows the hero through the four and half years he spent behind bars. While in prison, the film portrays Liddy as capable and able to match up to any man in the prison. The film includes several famous details from Liddy\'s 1980 autobiography including, the "legendary hand held over the burning flame," and Liddy\'s oath, "I will kill for you, Mr. President."<ref name54662 Will: G. Gordon Liddy], "Movies," New York Times. Retrieved March 14, 2007.'] ["The film recounts the events in the life of Colonel Margarethe Cammermeyer which led to her retirementCammermeyer's website from the Washington National Guard under the U.S. military's gay exclusion policy."] ["The story takes place in East Berlin soon after the Berlin Wall is built, and is based on an actual escape on January 28, 1962. Kurt Schröder is a chauffeur to East German Major Eckhardt and his seductive wife Heidi, and lives within sight of the Wall. Kurt is having an affair with Heidi. One night he sees a friend, Günther Jurgens, who works at the garage where Kurt has the Major's car maintained, drive his truck into the wall, and get killed trying to escape to the west. Günther's sister, Erika, comes looking for Günther when he doesn't return, and is told that Kurt saw him last night. She then goes to Kurt's house, where he lives with his mother, Uncle Albrecht , sister Ingeborg and kid brother Helmut. Erika is intent on escaping to West Berlin, thinking that her brother made it. Kurt, reasonably satisfied with his life, has no intention of risking his life to attempt an escape. Erika then looks out beyond the barbed wire, but Kurt catches her as she tries to crawl under, and they pretend to be lovers to hide her intentions from suspicious guards. Kurt then hides her in his house. A piece of Erika's clothing is caught in the barbed wire, and the guards track her to the Schröder's house. She hides in a room without a floor, and narrowly escapes the guards after they conclude that she could not be in the room. The Schröders and their neighbors, including a woman named Marga whose husband has already escaped to the west, want to escape East Germany. Kurt comes up with the idea of building a tunnel under the wall, through which they can escape to West Berlin. Although he will mastermind the plan, Kurt has no intention of going with them as he feels he can better serve them by staying behind and being their cover. They drill through the basement wall using Uncle Albrecht's band as a noise cover when the actual drilling takes place. One member of the family keeps watch while the others work on the tunnel itself. After they start digging the tunnel, they are joined by Walter Brunner, to whom Kurt's mother has promised to rent a room. All the while, Kurt is falling in love with Erika, and he eventually summons the courage to tell her that her brother is dead. Because of this burgeoning love, Kurt has changed his mind and will escape with the rest of his family and Erika. On January 27, 1962, the tunnel is completed when just before dawn Kurt reaches the other side, and the breakout is planned for the following night. However, Marga tells Erika's parents the news of their daughter, and Erika's father, a professor who favors the Communist regime, betrays the escape plan to Major Eckhardt. Kurt learns from Heidi that the authorities are after him , and he hurries home. When he arrives home, Kurt learns that his family have invited Uncle Albrecht's band members to join the escape, bringing the number of escapees to 28. Kurt tells them of the betrayal, and that they must make their escape immediately. As the police besiege their house, the Schröders, their friends and Erika make their escape, with Kurt bringing up the rear. He is wounded when a soldier fires, and struggles to make his way through the tunnel as he collapses it behind him, but Erika comes back to find and help him. Together they make their way to the exit, where the others have already emerged to live in freedom."] ['A semi-documentary concerning the violent lives of delinquent teenagers in Seoul.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ['The Great Riviera Bank Robbery is based on a real-life event in 1976. A group of professional criminals team up with a fascist terrorist group known as "The Chain" to steal 15 million dollars\' worth of tourist money from a bank in a French resort town.{{cite web}}'] ['Richard Steven Valenzuela  is a normal teenage boy who becomes a rock \'n\' roll superstar under the stage name Ritchie Valens. He meets and falls in love with fellow high school student Donna Ludwig , for whom he wrote a song that became a number one hit ([[Donna . However, Donna\'s father is shown as having issues with his daughter dating a Hispanic-American, which causes friction between Ritchie and Donna. The movie also has several subplots, such as his relationship with his mother Connie Valenzuela  and half-brother Bob Morales , and the jealousy Bob felt toward Ritchie because of Ritchie\'s success. In one scene, Bob won an important art contest that helps promising cartoonists, only to throw away his prize because, in his mind, his mother doesn\'t seem to care enough. Bob resorts to drinking heavily and, at one point, leads him to end up crying in front of his mother\'s door, yelling, "I want to see my daughter!" in reference to the child he sired with Ritchie\'s first girlfriend Rosie . However, when they get an opportunity, Ritchie and Bob sneak out for a good time. On one occasion, they take a road trip to Tijuana, visiting one of the local nightclubs where Ritchie discovers the song that would eventually become his signature song, "La Bamba".  The film also focuses on Ritchie\'s aviophobia , and a recurring dream he has as a result of a midair collision between two planes that actually occurred directly over Ritchie\'s school, in which Ritchie\'s best friend was crushed to death by one of the fallen aircraft . Eventually, Ritchie must conquer his fear when asked to perform his song "Donna" on American Bandstand. Ritchie\'s record producer and manager, Bob Keane , helps him by giving him a little vodka to calm his nerves during the flight to Philadelphia for the Bandstand appearance. As Ritchie becomes more famous, his responsibilities change. He has to go on the ill-fated Winter Party Dance Tour with Buddy Holly  and "The Big Bopper" ([[Stephen Lee  after his hits, "La Bamba" and "Donna", reach the top of the Billboard charts. Valens, Holly, and Bopper take off in an airplane during a snowstorm for their fateful flight on February 3, 1959 . Before the ill-fated flight, Ritchie makes a call to his brother, wherein they patch up their differences. He even invites Bob to fly out to Chicago to join the tour for family support. The next day, as Bob is fixing his mother\'s car, he hears the news bulletin on the radio that his brother\'s plane crashed without any survivors. Bob darts out of his driveway in an attempt to get to his mother before she hears the bad news through the radio. Unfortunately, by the time he gets there she stands immobile. The news hits the Valenzuela family, Bob Keane, and Donna very hard. In the final scene, the cars to Ritchie\'s funeral are shown driving slowly and Bob is seen walking over a bridge and screaming out Ritchie\'s name, remembering all the good times they had together , accompanied by the instrumental Sleep Walk. We then see Lou Diamond Phillips , backed by the Mexican American rock band Los Lobos, performing Valens\' version of "La Bamba" accompanied by the closing credits.'] ['U.S. energy giant Connex is losing control of key Middle East oil fields in a kingdom ruled by the al-Subaai family. The emirate\'s foreign minister, Prince Nasir  has granted natural gas drilling rights to a Chinese company, greatly upsetting the U.S. oil industry and government. To compensate for its decreased production capacity, Connex initiates a shady merger with Killen, a smaller oil company that recently won the drilling rights to key petroleum fields in Kazakhstan. In the film, Connex-Killen is loosely based on ExxonMobil and their deal for the Tengiz oil field in 2003. Connex-Killen ranks as the world\'s twenty-third largest economy, and antitrust regulators at the U.S. Justice Department  have misgivings. A Washington, D.C.-based law firm headed by Dean Whiting  is hired to smooth the way for the merger. Bennett Holiday ([[Jeffrey Wright  is assigned to promote the impression of due diligence to the DoJ, deflecting any allegations of corruption.  Bryan Woodman  is an energy analyst based in Geneva, Switzerland. Woodman\'s supervisor directs him to attend a private party hosted by the emir at his estate in Marbella, Spain to offer his company\'s services. The Emir\'s illness during the party prevents Woodman from speaking directly with the Emir while, at the same time, the emir\'s younger son, Prince Meshal Al-Subaai , shows the estate\'s many rooms and areas to Chinese oil executives via remote controlled cameras. No one notices that a crack in one of the swimming pool area\'s underwater lights has electrified the water. Just as Woodman and all the other guests are brought to the pool area, Woodman\'s son jumps into the pool and is fatally electrocuted. In reparation and out of sympathy for the loss of his son, Prince Nasir, the emir\'s older son, grants Woodman\'s company oil interests worth US$75 million, and Woodman gradually becomes his economic advisor. Prince Nasir  is dedicated to the idea of progressive reform and understands that oil dependency is not sustainable in the long term; Nasir desires to utilize his nation\'s oil profits to diversify the economy and introduce democratic reforms, in sharp contrast to his father\'s repressive government, which has been supported by American interests.  Bob Barnes  is a veteran Operations Officer with the Central Intelligence Agency  trying to stop illegal arms trafficking in the Middle East. While on assignment in Tehran, Iran to kill two arms dealers, Barnes notices that one of two anti-tank missiles  intended to participate in an explosion was diverted to an Egyptian , while the other explodes and kills two Iranian agents. Barnes makes his superiors nervous by writing memos about the missile theft, and is subsequently reassigned to a desk job. However, unaccustomed to the political discretion required, he quickly embarrasses the wrong people by speaking his mind and is sent back to the field with the assignment of assassinating Prince Nasir, whom the CIA identifies as being the financier behind the Egyptian\'s acquisition of the missile. Prior to his reassignment, Barnes confides in his ex-CIA agent friend, Stan Goff , that he will return to Lebanon. Goff advises him to clear his presence with Hezbollah so they know he is not acting against them. Barnes travels to Lebanon, obtains safe passage from a Hezbollah leader and hires a mercenary named Mussawi  to help kidnap and murder Nasir. But Mussawi has now become an Iranian agent and has Barnes abducted instead; Mussawi, himself, then tortures Barnes. The Hezbollah leader ultimately arrives at the scene of Barnes\' torture in time to stop Mussawi from beheading Barnes. When the CIA learns that Mussawi plans to broadcast the agency\'s intention to kill Nasir, they try to distance themselves by scapegoating Barnes, portraying him as a rogue agent. Whiting worries, first about Barnes talking about the Nasir assassination plan, second about the possibility that Nasir\'s coup might have a greater likelihood of success, and third that killing Nasir with an MQ-1 Predator drone would make it obvious as an American-backed assassination. So he has Barnes\' passports revoked, locks him out of his computer at work, and has him investigated. Barnes, however, learns from Stan Goff that Whiting is responsible and threatens him and his family unless he halts the investigation and releases Barnes\' passports. Barnes eventually learns why he was portrayed as a rogue agent and approaches Prince Nasir\'s convoy to warn him of the assassination plan. As he arrives, the missile strikes the automobile of Nasir and his family, killing them instantly. Woodman, having offered his seat earlier to Nasir\'s family, survives the blast and makes his way home to his wife and son.  Pakistani migrant workers Saleem Ahmed Khan  and his son Wasim  board a bus to go to work at a Connex refinery, only to discover that they have been laid off due to a Chinese company outbidding Connex for the rights to run that facility. Since the company has provided food and lodging, the workers face the threat of poverty and deportation due to their unemployed status. Wasim desperately searches for work, but is refused because he doesn\'t speak Arabic. Wasim and his friend join an Islamic school to learn Arabic to improve their employment prospects. While playing soccer they meet a charismatic Islamic fundamentalist cleric   who eventually leads them to execute a suicide attack on a Connex-Killen LNG tanker using a shaped-charge explosive from the missing Tehran missile.  Bennett Holiday meets with U.S. Attorney Donald Farish III , who is convinced that Killen bribed someone to get the drilling rights in Kazakhstan. While investigating Connex-Killen\'s records, Holiday discovers a wire transfer of funds that leads back to a transaction between Texas oilman Danny Dalton  and Kazakh officials. Holiday tells Connex-Killen of his discovery and they pretend not to have known about it. Holiday advises Dalton that he will likely be charged with corruption to serve as a "body" to get the DoJ off the back of the rest of Connex-Killen; Dalton responds with a fervent defense of how corruption is simply the way of competition and how America "wins" against the rest of the corrupt world. Farish then strong-arms Holiday into giving the DoJ information about illegal activities he has discovered. Holiday gives up Dalton but Farish says this is not enough. Holiday meets with the CEO of Killen Oil, Jimmy Pope ([[Chris Cooper  and informs him that the DoJ needs a second body to drop the investigation. Pope asks Holiday whether a person at Holiday\'s firm above him would be sufficient as the additional body. Holiday acknowledges that if the name were big enough, the DoJ would stop the investigation and allow the merger. Holiday is brought by his colleague and mentor Sydney Hewitt  to meet with the CEO of Connex Oil, Leland "Lee" Janus . In a surprise move, Holiday reveals an under-the-table deal that Hewitt made while the Connex-Killen merger was being processed. Holiday has given Hewitt to the DoJ as the second body, thereby protecting the rest of Connex-Killen. Janus is able to attend the ceremony "oil industry man of the year" with a load taken off his shoulders. Throughout the film, Holiday has angrily crossed paths with his alcoholic father Bennett Sr.; at the movie\'s end when the merger has been completed, Bennett Jr. lets his apologetic-looking dad enter his house and shuts the door.'] 