["The film is a scathing indictment of California's infamous Three-strikes law. It follows a vagabond named Zeke, who is a low-level marijuana dealer in Isla Vista, the college town bordering the University of California at Santa Barbara. Zeke takes a bad felony plea deal at the opening of the film, in part due to a poor public defender's advice. This comes back to haunt him later in the movie when he is wrongfully accused of assaulting some frat kids, when they jump him and he is forced to defend himself. When he is arrested soon after as part of an undercover ongoing narcotics sting, he comes face-to-face with a mandatory 25 to life sentence."] ["Kresten has moved from his parents' farm on a small Danish island to Copenhagen to pursue his working career. When his father dies, he has to move back to the farm, where nothing much has happened since he left. He places an ad in the local newspaper to get help running the farm and taking care of his retarded brother. The prostitute Liva, who is running away from harassing telephone calls, takes the job. But running away from one's past isn't easy."] ['A seemingly anti-bourgeois group of adults spend their time seeking their "inner idiot" to release their inhibitions. They do so by behaving in public as if they were developmentally disabled. The Idiots is not concerned with actual disability, or with distinguishing between mental retardation and physical impairment. At a restaurant, patrons are disturbed by the group\'s mischief, but single diner Karen develops an appreciation of their antics. The members of the group refer to this behaviour as \'spassing\', a neologism derived from \'spasser\', the Danish equivalent of \'spaz\' and an offensive slur. Karen takes a ride in a taxi cab with the people from the restaurant, and she finds herself at a big house. The apparent leader of the group, Stoffer, is supposed to be selling the house , but instead it becomes the focal point for group activities. The \'spassing\' is a self-defeating attempt by the group to challenge the establishment through provocation. The self-styled idiots feel that the society-at-large treats their intelligence uncreatively and unchallengingly; thus, they seek the uninhibited self-expression that they imagine a romantic ideal of disability will allow. Stoffer, at his birthday party, wishes for a \'gangbang\', and both clothes and inhibitions are soon discarded. But when Stoffer calls for the group members to let idiocy invade their personal daily lives, only Karen takes up the challenge. She takes Susanne back to her house, where they are greeted by surprise by Karen\'s mother. Karen had been missing for two weeks, following the death of her young baby; she offers no explanation of where she has been. Karen attempts to spass in front of her family by dribbling the food she is eating, but this results in a violent slap from her husband, Anders. Karen and Susanne leave the house.'] ['The film is shown through the eyes of the three main characters; Paul and Helen, a married couple, and Tasha, a teenage refugee. It shows how the family falls apart under the strain of unexpected emotions.plot summary at IMDb'] ["Personal Velocity is a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives. Delia is a spirited, working-class woman from a small town in New York state who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost. Greta is a sharp, spunky editor who is rotten with ambition. To spite the hated unfaithful ways of her father, she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling  with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband. Finally Paula, who ran away from home and got pregnant, is now in a relationship she doesn't want. She's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange, fateful encounter on a New York street"] ['The film takes place decades after the Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom for the control of the Falkland Islands in the South Atlantic Ocean. The film tells of Fabián Stratas, a magician and stand-up comedian from Buenos Aires, who saves his money from weddings, birthdays, and bar mitzvahs, and uses a hidden camera to document a week-long trip to the Falkland Islands, , where he has an ingenious Argentine patriotic plan: to impregnate a Falklander woman. Stratas has a theory: if only 500 Argentines did the same each year, the islands would soon be overrun with half-Argentines, and he would be the head of a "sexual invasion." Brilliant idea, he thinks. He spends his first couple of days on the island doing reconnaissance, and soon sets his eyes on Camila Heaney, whom he first saw in church. He chats her up at an Internet café and then they go out for drinks, which is followed by dinner. They also take a field trip to see the King penguins and the 1982 battlefield. Fabian has initial success, getting to have sex with Camila twice, first in his hotel room and then on the beach. He succeeds and manages to impregnate her before leaving for Buenos Aires, cocky and happy for having achieved his goal and duped his lover. However, Heaney gets the last word, making a videotape on Fabian\'s camera where she denounces him as the shallow, condescending and self-centered Argentine he is. After this, the camera shows Stratas, unfazed by Camila\'s anger, taking a shower while singing the Charly García cover of the Argentine National Anthem.'] ['Respected family patriarch and businessman Helge  is celebrating his 60th birthday at the family-run hotel. Gathered together amongst many family and friends are his wife Else , Christian , his sullen eldest son, his well-traveled daughter Helene , and Michael , his boorish younger son. Christian\'s twin sister, Linda, recently committed suicide at the hotel. Before the celebration dinner, Helene finds Linda\'s suicide note, but hides it after becoming upset by the contents . Michael fights with his wife, whom he earlier abandoned on the roadside with their three children, and then has sex with her. Michael later is pulled aside by a waitress whom he had an affair with  and then beats her when she disparages Helge. Later, during dinner, Christian makes a speech to the family in which he accuses his father Helge of sexually abusing him and his late sister Linda. Helge\'s family and friends initially dismiss the accusations as absurd, a joke, or a figment of Christian\'s imagination. In a private conversation in the pantry, a seemingly baffled Helge asks Christian about his motivations for slandering him, and a Christian appears to recant from his accusation. However, Christian is spurred to further action by hotel chef Kim , a childhood friend who knows about the abuse. Christian then stands up and continues his toast by accusing Helge of causing Linda\'s death. Helge speaks to Christian alone and threateningly offers to announce in a toast Christian\'s troubled personal history, impotence with women and his perhaps inappropriately close relationship with his late sister, Linda. Christian says nothing in response to the threat. Further exacerbating the tensions of the day, Helene\'s black boyfriend Gbatokai  shows up, enraging the racist Michael who later leads most of the partygoers in singing the Danish song Jeg har set en rigtig negermand in a racist way to offend him. During a toast, Else makes a series of back-handed compliments towards her children, accusing Christian of having an overactive imagination as a child and asking him to apologize for his earlier accusation. Christian responds by accusing her of interrupting Helge during one of the rapes, yet not interfering with the incident, and calling her a "cunt". Michael and two other guests violently eject Christian from the hotel. When Christian walks back in, they beat Christian and tie him to a tree in the nearby woods.  Christian\'s accusations are confirmed when Helene, apparently finally worn down by guilt, reads Linda\'s suicide note aloud to the assembled guests. Linda\'s note states that she decided to kill herself after feeling overwhelmed by dreams in which her father was molesting her again. In a fit of anger, Helge admits to the abuse in front of all the guests by saying that it was all Christian was good for. He then leaves the dining room with the guests stunned. Christian, who is drunk, faints after walking out of the dining hall and imagines seeing Linda. When he awakes, he learns from Helene that Michael is missing. We learn that the drunken Michael has called Helge outside and then beat his father severely, promising him that he will never see his grandchildren again. The next morning, Helge speaks to the group, admits his wrongdoing and declares his love for his children. Michael coolly dismisses their father from the table, stating that he should now leave so that they can have breakfast. Christian reveals that he is going back to Paris, and asks one of the waitresses, Pia , to accompany him. She accepts, and the film ends with the rest of the family and guests eating breakfast nonchalantly.'] ['{{Expand section}} Three women and three men, all singles, with stressful or unhappy lives, register for an Italian course in a Danish village. The class serves as a way of bringing these various residents of the town, each of whom is dealing with loss or pain, out of their loneliness and into interactions with other people. When the teacher suffers a heart attack during class and ends up dying, the six classmates hold the class anyway and eventually take a vacation to Italy.'] ['Julien, a young man with untreated schizophrenia, lives in a dysfunctional family with his sister who is possibly carrying his child, his athletic brother, and his domineering, German father. While his father dances in his room to Dock Boggs records while wearing a gas mask, his brother continually works-out in the hopes of becoming a wrestler, Julien is often walking the streets, or talking to himself as "King Julien".'] ["A group of tourists are stranded in the Namibian desert when their bus loses its way and runs out of fuel. Canned food and dew keep the tourists alive, but they are helplessly entrapped, completely cut off from the rest of the world. As courage and moral fibre weaken and relationships grow shaky, Henry, a theatrical manager, persuades the group to put on Shakespeare's tragedy King Lear. As the tourists work their way through Henry's hand-written scripts, real life increasingly begins to resemble the play."] ["The film tells a fictionalized version of the Pilgrims' voyage across the Atlantic Ocean to North America aboard the Mayflower. During the long sea voyage, Capt. Christopher Jones  falls in love with Dorothy Bradford , the wife of William Bradford . The love triangle is resolved in a tragic way at the film's conclusion. Ship's carpenter John Alden  -- said to be the first person to step foot on Plymouth Rock in 1620 -- catches the eye of Priscilla Mullins , one of the young Pilgrims following William Bradford. Alden ultimately wins Priscilla in another, if subtler, triangle with Miles Standish . Lloyd Bridges provides comic relief as the first-mate Coppin, and child star Tommy Ivo gives a touching performance as young William Button, the only passenger to die on the actual voyage across the storm-swept Atlantic, who, according to this film, wanted to be the first to sight land and to become a king in the New World. “I’m going to be the first to see land. Keep me eye peeled, I will. Then I’ll be the first. It’ll be like the Garden of Eden and I’m going to be the first to see it”."] ['Most of the characters in the film are not named. A girl disguises herself as a boy to go attend the 2006 World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. She travels by bus with a group of male fans, some of whom notice her gender, but do not tell anyone. At the stadium, she persuades a reluctant ticket tout to sell her a ticket; he only agrees to do so at an inflated price. The girl tries to slip through security, but she is spotted and arrested. She is put in a holding pen on the stadium roof with several other women who have also been caught; the pen is frustratingly close to a window onto the match, but the women are at the wrong angle to see it. The women are guarded by several soldiers, all of whom are just doing their national service; one in particular is a country boy from Tabriz who just wants to return to his farm. The soldiers are bored and do not particularly care whether women should be allowed to attend football matches; however, they guard the women carefully for fear of their "chief", who could come by at any moment. They occasionally give commentary on the match to the women. One of the younger girls needs to go to the toilet, but of course there is no women\'s toilet in the stadium. A soldier is deputed to escort her to the men\'s toilet, which he does by an increasingly farcical process: first disguising her face with a poster of a football star, then throwing a number of angry men out of the toilet and blockading any more from entering. During the chaos, the girl escapes into the stadium, although she returns to the holding pen shortly after as she is worried about the soldier from Tabriz getting into trouble. Part of the way through the second half of the game, the women are bundled into a bus, along with a boy arrested for carrying fireworks, and the soldiers ordered to drive them to the Vice Squad headquarters. As the bus travels through Tehran, the soldier from Tabriz plays the radio commentary on the match as it concludes. Iran defeats Bahrain 1-0 with a goal from Nosrati just after half time and wild celebrations erupt within the bus as the women and the soldiers cheer and sing with joy. The girl whose story began the film is the only one not happy. When asked why, she explains that she is not really interested in football; she wanted to attend the match because a friend of hers was one of seven people killed in a scuffle during the recent Iran-Japan match, and she wanted to see the match in his memory. The city of Tehran explodes with festivity, and the bus becomes caught in a traffic jam as a spontaneous street party begins. Borrowing seven sparklers from the boy with the fireworks, the women and the soldiers leave the bus and join the party, holding the sparklers above them. The film was filmed at an actual stadium, at a real life qualifying match for the Iranian National team. And Panahi had two separate outcomes to the film depending on the turnout of the match. Bradshaw, Peter, "Offside", in "The Guardian", June 8, 2006.'] ["Their love story began when they first met as students at the University of Santo Tomas: Popoy  was majoring in Engineering while Basha  was a freshman in Architecture. They were inseparable and did everything together &mdash; eating, studying and attending parties. Both their families loved them, they shared mutual friends and eventually ended up working for the same firm. Every single component of their lives revolved around each other. So, naturally, everyone assumed that they would inevitably get married someday, with Architect Basha designing and planning their dream house while Engineer Popoy building it. Everything could not be more perfect. At least, that was what Popoy thought. What he did not know was that Basha was not as sure about their future as Popoy seemed to be. All Popoy's nagging and excessive planning took a toll on Basha. Not only was she tired of trying to carve out her own mark in the hierarchy of the firm, but she also grew weary of Popoy always stepping in to fix things for her. One day, Basha told Popoy that she wanted to resign and move to a smaller firm where she could be given better opportunities to design independently, completely blindsiding her bewildered beau. She revealed the issue that had been brewing inside her for the past year: the real reason why she wanted to leave the company was that she was tired of Popoy and their relationship. She felt hindered by Popoy's constant attention and thought that she had never been given the chance to decide and plan for herself because he always did everything. Popoy was speechless and devastated. That same night, Basha broke up with him, reasoning that she needed the space to grow on her own. Not knowing how to pick himself up after the love of his life left him, Popoy struggled to live his new life alone. Meanwhile, Basha followed through with her plans to resign from the firm. For a while, she drifted jobless, customizing T-shirts with unusual patterns and designs, until she was offered to work for a smaller firm. Accepting the offer, she began to feel the professional freedom she had been longing for. Popoy and Basha tried to live without each other but the ties that bound them made it difficult for either of them to completely move on, especially when their families and friends were constant reminders of the promises and dreams they had made during their happier days. Slowly, Popoy moved on and discovered that there was life after Basha; on the other hand, Basha began to find her solitary journey to be harder than she had imagined, especially when Popoy began dating another girl. Although a part of her wanted to get him back, she reminded herself that the decision to terminate the relationship was hers alone. Opportunity knocked on their door when Popoy's aunt commissioned them to build her house together. After initially feeling awkward, Popoy and Basha eventually warmed up towards each other, especially after memories of the five years they spent together resurfaced. Slowly and unconsciously, they fell into their old routines and found themselves enjoying each other's company once again. Both realized how much they had missed each other, at the same time acknowledging how much they each had changed. But Popoy knew that giving in would mean that they would go back to how they were before, that she will just go on her way again and ignore him when she grew tired again of their relationship and he will be left alone again and hurt."] ["The year after training a young Freddy Wong  in Drunken Boxing, Beggar So / Sam Seed returns to find that his wife has adopted a son Foggy. Sam takes a disliking to the boy and tortures him mentally and physically. Devastated, the boy runs away and takes a job at an inn, where he meets Rubber Legs and his student. He overhears that they are looking for Beggar So and want to kill him, making Rubber Legs' Northern 'Drunk Mantis' Boxing supreme. However, Foggy returns home to warn Beggar So, who has injured by Rubber Legs. Beggar So sends Foggy to a sickness teacher for herbs to cure him, and the doctor teaches him a dreaded style called 'Sickness Boxing'. Now, armed with this sick form of fighting, Foggy is ready for Drunk Mantis. In the end, Foggy goes berserk and kills Rubber Legs. Unable to escape from his trance, he had mistakes about a Beggar So as Rubber Legs and attacks him, the film closes as Foggy leaps after his adopted father as the doctor watches on."] ['Arthur Bishop  is a "mechanic" — a hit man who performs his jobs cleanly, without leaving a trace of his work. He works exclusively for an international secret organization, which has very strict rules: even those members who are becoming slightly unreliable are assassinated, long before they might jeopardize their organization. It is noted that Bishop is very sophisticated, as he regularly listens to classical music, has a remarkable art collection, and is a connoisseur of fine wines. He is evidently very wealthy, as demonstrated by his lifestyle and his exceptional house, thanks to his successful career as a hit man. However, due to the dangerous nature of his profession, Bishop is forced to live in isolation - he cannot show emotions or trust people. Bishop is under constant emotional pressure, so much so that he is prescribed medication for depression, and one day he is temporarily hospitalized when he loses consciousness as a result of the stress. In an effort to cope, Bishop pays a prostitute  to write emotional and sophisticated love letters to him because he cannot risk making friends. When Bishop is assigned by his organization to kill one of the heads, "Big Harry" McKenna , he does so with his usual sense of efficiency, imagination and detachment, shooting at Big Harry, while making him think that the shots are being fired by a hidden sniper trying to kill them both. Harry, who Bishop knows has a weak heart, is forced to run up a steep incline to escape the shots, which brings on a heart attack. Bishop then finishes Harry off by smothering him with his gloved hand, thus making it appear that the cause of death was indeed the heart attack. At Big Harry\'s funeral, Bishop meets Harry\'s narcissistic, ruthless and ambitious son Steve . Steve is intrigued by Bishop and seeks to find out more about him. Bishop is also intrigued, as he realizes that Steve has a personality becoming of a hit man, and plays along. Finally he makes Steve his apprentice, demonstrating his "tools of the trade", such as piloting, shooting, lipreading, and powerfully developed fingers. As part of this training program, Bishop teaches Steve that "every person has a weakness, and that once this weakness is found, the target is easy to kill." But Bishop fails to get his superiors\' consent for the arrangement. Following a messy contract assassination conducted by Bishop and Steve, the organization warns Bishop that his irresponsible choice to involve Steve is interpreted as selfish behavior, which cannot be tolerated "because the organization relies on \'democratic principles\' that put the survival of the group above personal ambitions". The organization then gives Bishop an urgent assassination mission, this time in Italy. Once again, Bishop involves Steve in the new plan, but just before they leave Bishop happens to find among Steve\'s belongings a file containing a lot of information about Bishop. This file is very similar to the files Bishop made concerning his assassination targets. Bishop realizes that his apprentice Steve is turning against him and starts his own private investigation into Steve\'s background. Nevertheless, Bishop allows Steve to go with him to Italy to conduct the assassination. In Italy, Bishop and Steve approach a boat where their intended victim is located, but it becomes apparent that this was a trap prepared by the organization and they are the real target. Bishop and Steve are ambushed by other assassins of the organization, but they manage to kill all their opponents, leaving no witnesses, and return to the hotel in Naples, preparing to go back to the United States. His apprenticeship apparently complete, Steve shares a celebratory bottle of wine with Bishop, having coated the latter\'s glass with brucine, a colorless and deadly alkaloid. When Bishop realizes that he has been poisoned and that he is becoming paralyzed, he asks Steve if it was because Bishop had killed Steve\'s father. Steve responds that he had not realized his father was murdered, instead believing that he had simply died of the heart attack. Steve is full of himself, and taunts Bishop, saying "you told me that everyone has a jelly spot--yours was that you couldn\'t cut it alone." Steve goes on to reveal that he wasn\'t acting on orders to kill Bishop, stating that he is going to continue picking his own targets, with the suggestion that killing Bishop was something akin to an artistic choice on Steve\'s part that establishes him  as superior and a more refined killer even than Bishop, who needed the "license" provided by the secret organization he worked for. Contemptuously leaving Bishop to die of what will appear to be a heart attack, Steve returns to the US to take over Bishop\'s life and career, arriving at Bishop\'s home to pick up the red Mustang he had left there before the overseas trip. After admiring the house and taking a souvenir, Steve goes out to the Mustang and gets in to leave. He finds a note affixed to the rear-view mirror. It is from Bishop, and reveals that he had anticipated that Steve might use the trip to Italy as an opportunity to kill Bishop. The note reads, "Steve, if you\'re reading this it means I didn\'t make it back. It also means you\'ve broken a filament controlling a 13-second delay trigger. End of game. Bang! You\'re dead." As Steve frantically reaches for the door handle, the car explodes in a seething fireball as the credits roll and the film draws to a close.'] ['When a developer\'s limousine gets stuck in a sink hole on Possum Lodge\'s property and several attempts to recover it send it into the lake, the developer takes the matter to court. The town and the presiding judge, who have been looking for decades for a way to shut down the Lodge, fine the lodge $10,000 and give them thirty days to pay, and in default the Lodge reverts to the town. Red\'s nephew Harold Green  pleads with the judge for a change to the time limit and she agrees - she makes it 10 days instead. The Lodge members try to brainstorm a way out of the mess, but once again Harold is the only one with a viable idea - 3M is running a duct tape sculpture contest in Minnesota, with a third prize of $10,000 . The members beg, borrow and steal  enough duct tape to construct a goose, and Red, Harold and Dalton Humphrey  set off for the long ride to the contest. However, sinister forces are at work. The developer has convinced the town\'s sheriff  to stop the trio by any means necessary. The sheriff is accompanied by his beautiful deputy  who, against all logic, is smitten with Harold, although Harold is currently smitten with Dalton\'s indifferent daughter. The sheriff attempts a number of dirty tricks in order to waylay Red. At one point they flatten the Possum Van\'s tires, only to find out that Dalton has siphoned all the gas out of their police car, and that the nearest working gas pump is 20 miles away. At another point, the sheriff digs a hole in the road with a backhoe, but find their police car on the opposite side from the van. In attempting to use the backhoe to move the police car to the other side of the hole, the sheriff instead drops the car into the hole, and the Possum Van drives right over it. Eventually the developer takes matters into his own hands and kidnaps Harold. Red sends Dalton back for reinforcements, as he plans to get away with both Harold and the goose. While Harold is suffering the company of the developer, the developer reveals that his father was also a lazy Possum Lodge member, and that his mother\'s frustration over this fact drove him to succeed at any cost. He plans on buying Possum Lodge to convert it into a women\'s club called "Possum Landing". At noon the next day, Red and the developer meet with Red backed by his lodge members, and the developer backed by a gang of thugs. Just as the exchange is made, Red makes a getaway with Harold as the lodge members steal the cars of the thugs. Just as Red feels he has made his getaway, he finds that the developer is chasing him with the only vehicle left unstolen – the bus that brought his lodge members to the show down. Nevertheless, Red and Harold manage to make it to the contest just before they award third prize, winning it when the goose  detaches and flies over the contest to land majestically with all of the other entries. After the contest the members of the lodge gather in the meeting room to celebrate with a large cake. Harold has invited the developer to the meeting, which the man takes as an attempt to humiliate him, before realizing Harold has invited his elderly mother as well and the two reconcile. While the candles on the cake are lit, the sheriff\'s deputy entices Harold outside where they share a passionate kiss before the candles  explode. The film ends with a dazed Harold rejoining the group as Red asks for the duct tape to repair the damage.'] ['Rosendo, a homosexual writer, weds Sonia, because he wants the literature award her father gives. http://www.atlanticofilms.com/AF_Largo02.asp'] 