["The film is a slice of a housewife's life in 1980s post-Franco Madrid. Gloria  lives in a small and cheap apartment with husband and two teenaged children: the declared homosexual Miguel, whom she sells to the dentist, and the drug-dealing Toni. Her husband, Antonio, longs for a German woman for whom he was a chauffeur in Germany before he married Gloria. Gloria's mother-in-law, a frugal and unhappy woman who hides her magdalena cakes and desperately wants to move back to her native countryside, is another addition to Gloria's household. Cristal, a prostitute  who lives next door, is Gloria's best friend. When Gloria's husband assaults her in the kitchen, she accidentally kills him after hitting him with a ham leg. Her mother-in-law's lizard, Money, is the only witness to the crime. Gloria successfully evades the investigators and is never tied to the murder. There are many subplots intertwined with the main narrative with characters including a writer, his beauty-obsessed wife and an impotent policeman frustrated by his lack of sexual power."] ["A young man returns home from the army, to stand for his family's parliamentary seat. He is the first in many generations to lose it, and he faces a number of problems in trying to win it back."] ['David "Dave" Whiteman  and his wife, Barbara, played by Bette Midler, portray a couple whose 20-year marriage is unfulfilling. Dave is having an affair with their live-in maid, played by Elizabeth Peña, while Barbara tries to relieve the anxiety she constantly feels by experimenting with various New Age therapies.'] ['Dr. R.J.  Stevens  is a talk show sensation who has shirked his simple Southern past and the awkward boy he used to be to dispense "You can do it" advice to millions of adoring fans. With reality TV series Survivor winner Bianca Kittles  on his arm and loads of cash in his pocket , there’s nothing he feels he hasn’t achieved. When his parents request that he come home for their 50th wedding anniversary, R.J. packs up his 10-year-old son Jamal  and his fiancée Bianca and heads back to his sleepy Southern hometown. Ready to impress his down home kin with how much he’s changed, RJ will prove he’s not the walking disaster they used to pick on. When they arrive in Georgia, he is first greeted by his cousin Reggie . Roscoe heads to his family\'s home, greeted by his parents, Roscoe Sr. and Mama Jenkins, his brother Otis , the sheriff, his wife Ruthie  and their overgrown kids Junior and Kelly. Next up is Roscoe\'s sister, Betty , who is a little too loud and rowdy. Roscoe\'s cousin, Clyde , visits the family as well, and the two remain competitive as they did years before. Traveling with Clyde is Lucinda , Roscoe\'s love interest from his past. While staying with his family, Roscoe endures a lot of self-humiliation . On the day of his parent\'s anniversary, the whole family gathers for the traditional obstacle course of the Jenkins family. Roscoe is determined to win against Clyde, and the two become even more competitive. While climbing over a wall with ropes, Roscoe begins to help his son over, but Bianca tells him to leave him, and he does . Roscoe and Clyde race to the finish line, and Roscoe comes out the victor. Bianca cheers for him, but the rest of his family has become very upset with him. Jamal refuses to go near his father, and Roscoe Sr. chastises his son for his actions. Roscoe tells his father that even though Clyde\'s father died, he  felt he lost his father as well, because he felt that his father favored Clyde over him. This hurts his father\'s feelings. As his father walks away, Clyde walks up to Roscoe and tells him that he would never have tried to take his place. He tries to shake Roscoe\'s hand to make amends, but Bianca tells Clyde to back off. Roscoe decides to leave for home. Before leaving, his mother reminds him that his family still loves him. As they are driving to the airport, Bianca suggests to him that he shouldn\'t invite his family to their wedding, to which he seemingly agrees. This upsets Jamal, who, despite that Bianca wanting him to get on board "Team of me", proudly says that he\'s a Jenkins. Roscoe begins to agree with Bianca, who continues to say mean things about his family. As they pull into the airport, Roscoe dumps Bianca ,and thanks her for finally letting him see her true colors. Bianca angrily gets out of the car, feeling humiliated by Roscoe and Jamal. As they pull away from the airport, he pulls the rope holding her bags on top of the car, dumping them into the airport driveway. Roscoe and Jamal, along with Bianca\'s pet Pomeranian who turned against her owner and joined the Jenkins, head back to the family home. During the anniversary celebration, Clyde cries during his speech for Mama and Papa Jenkins, admitting that he cared a lot about Roscoe. Roscoe suddenly appears, apologizes to his family, and congratulates his parents\' 50th anniversary. Both he and his father make amends with each other, and then Roscoe goes over to Lucinda and asks her for a dance. After the celebration, the family watches the anniversary on a hi-def television, while Roscoe and Lucinda make love with each other,but find a nasty surprise. During the credits, Roscoe is seen interviewing his family on his show, renamed The Roscoe Jenkins Show interviewing the Jenkins clan.'] ["April Burns, the eldest daughter in a highly dysfunctional family, lives in a small tenement apartment on the Lower East Side of Manhattan with her boyfriend Bobby. Although estranged from her family, she opts to invite them for Thanksgiving dinner, probably the last for her mother Joy, who has breast cancer. The film focuses on three journeys: the family's arduous trek from suburbia to New York City, punctuated by stops for Krispy Kreme doughnuts, bagels, Joy's frequent need for a restroom or a joint to ease her pain, a burial service for an animal they hit, and various arguments and recriminations; Bobby's efforts to find a suit so he can make a good impression on his girlfriend's relatives; and April's preparations for the meal, a near disaster when she discovers her oven is broken. With the help of various neighbors, she manages to assemble dinner, while learning to appreciate the importance of family and making some new friends in the process."] ['Ruth Patchett  is a frumpy, overweight housewife and mother, who desperately tries to please her attractive accountant husband Bob . After Bob meets romance novelist Mary Fisher  at a dinner party, they begin having an affair; Mary also hires him as her accountant. Though aware of the affair, Ruth initially lives in denial  and continues to take care of her two children, Nicolette  and Andrew , and doing other household chores. However, Ruth soon begins to feel ragged after trying to prepare for Bob\'s parents\' visit, culminating with Ruth finding Andrew\'s dead gerbil in a casserole pot. After Ruth confronts him about his affair in front of his parents, Bob decides to pack up his things and leave Ruth with the kids, calling her a liability and telling her she is a bad mother, a lousy wife, a terrible cook, and has the appearance of a "she-devil." Now at her breaking point, Ruth vows to get revenge on both Bob and Mary. Ruth writes a list of Bob\'s four assets: his home, his family, his career, and his freedom, crossing off each one as it is destroyed. With Bob away at Mary\'s mansion by the sea and the kids at school, she sets the house on fire through various means including tossing two lit cigarettes into a waste basket, microwaving aerosol cans, and overloading an electrical outlet. Ruth takes the family dog, a framed photo of the Patchett family, and - significantly for Ruth\'s plan of revenge - Bob\'s file on Mary\'s finances before leaving as the house explodes in a massive fireball. Ruth then drops the children and dog off at Mary\'s mansion to live with their father. After seeing in Mary\'s file that Mary pays for her mother to live in an expensive nursing home, Ruth takes a job there under the pseudonym Vesta Rose, and forms friendships with Mary\'s estranged mother, Mrs. Fisher , and diminutive co-worker Nurse Hooper . As part of her plan, Ruth gets Mary\'s mother thrown out of the home, and the latter moves in with her daughter, much to Mary\'s chagrin. Ruth later partners with Hooper to start the Vesta Rose Employment Agency, which helps downtrodden, socially rejected women find good jobs in exchange for them unwittingly helping Ruth in her quest for vengeance against Bob; one such example is Olivia Honey , whom Bob hires as his secretary. Though Bob falls for Olivia at first sight, he fires her after she confesses her love for him; a heartbroken Olivia reveals to Ruth that Bob wires interest from his clients\' accounts into an offshore Swiss bank account. Both women break into Bob\'s firm to wire larger amounts of money from Bob\'s clients\' accounts into Bob\'s Swiss account, making his embezzlement more visible to his clients. Ruth then reports Bob\'s crimes to the IRS. Meanwhile, Mary\'s life crumbles around her, as her relationship with Bob grows distant, she has a hard time keeping Bob\'s children under control , is forced to do various chores by herself, as her maid Ute  is busy with the increased workload from the Patchett family, and her butler Garcia  is unwilling to help out, and Mrs. Fisher reveals Mary\'s lifelong secrets to a reporter for People magazine while the latter is on the phone. Compounding matters for Mary is the poor reception of her new novel titled "Love in the Rinse Cycle," and learning of Bob\'s affairs behind her back. However, upon seeing Ute walk off the job and everyone partying around, she finally decides to regain control of her life; she fires Garcia and lays down the law with Bob, the children, and her mother. Mary throws a party that evening to cheer herself up and also spend time with her friends, but police officers show up during the party with a warrant for Bob\'s arrest. After Bob\'s lawyer unknowingly reveals Bob\'s embezzling from her, Mary promptly dumps Bob and fires him as her accountant. Bob and his lawyer earlier tried to make a secret deal with one judge, but the plan falls apart as another judge takes the case . Bob is convicted and sentenced to eighteen months in prison, thus destroying his last asset - his freedom. Eighteen months pass, and Bob is released after fully serving his sentence, having greatly reformed and looking forward to spending time with his family, while Mary sold her mansion and released a new novel "Trust and Betrayal: A Docu-novel of Love, Money and Skepticism," which proves to be a critical and commercial success. Ruth appears at the book signing and asks the autograph to be made out to "Ruth." Mary experiences a brief lapse of déjà vu, but shrugs it off. Next in line after Ruth is Alain, a handsome Frenchman whom Mary flirts with, showing that she is back to her old ways.'] ['Lovers and Other Strangers revolves around the wedding of Mike  and Susan , intercutting their story with those of other couples among their families and friends. As the movie opens, Mike wants to call off the wedding, arguing that it would be hypocritical for them to get married when they\'ve already been living together for a year and a half. He only relents when Susan\'s father, Hal , tells him how Susan went to her first Halloween party dressed as a bride. Over the course of the movie, we meet: * Susan\'s WASP-ish parents, Hal and Bernice . Hal, we learn, is having a long-running extramarital affair with Bernice\'s sister, Kathy , who is afraid of being left as a spinster and is using the wedding to get some commitment from Hal. * Susan\'s sister, Wilma , and her husband Johnny . With two children, Wilma is feeling her age and misses the passion they had at the beginning of their marriage, while Johnny is more interested in watching Spellbound on TV than giving his wife attention. * Mike\'s brother, Richie  and his wife, Joan , who have grown "incompatible" and "unhappy" and are considering divorce. * Bridesmaid Brenda  and usher Jerry , who Mike and Susan "fix up" for the wedding. Nebbishy Jerry imagines himself a playboy, and spends most of the weekend trying to "score" with Brenda. * Mike\'s Italian-American parents, Frank  and Bea , who are relentlessly trying to persuade Richie and Joan not to get divorced.  All the plot lines play out through the rehearsal, wedding, and reception.'] ["The movie focuses on Daphne , the loving but over-bearing mother of three girls, in particular Milly . Her other daughters Maggie  and Mae  are happily married but Milly has recently broken up with her boyfriend, and Daphne is concerned. Daphne fears that her daughter cannot find a good man on her own so she secretly places a personal ad for her daughter. She finds a potential candidate, Jason , and tries to orchestrate a chance meeting of the two. The plan seems flawless until Milly finds her own date, guitarist Johnny , who happens to be a candidate Daphne rejected before. Milly is unaware of her mother's scheming and begins relationships with both Jason and Johnny at the same time, with neither aware of the other. Inevitably, this double-dating takes its toll and Milly becomes estranged from both Jason and Johnny. In Jason's case, it is because she discovers Daphne's scheming. Meanwhile, Daphne stumbles upon her own perfect match after being alone for many years and begins to challenge her search for the 'perfect' match for Milly. Milly also realizes she has a choice to be the daughter her mother wants her to be, or to be the woman she wants herself to be. Choosing the latter, which comes with a row with her mother, leads her to reconcile with Johnny, a relationship Daphne has realized is what she should never have tried to orchestrate in the first place."] ["Noah Cooper,  a therapist, gets fired from the office where he has worked for many years. When he arrives home he finds his wife's cousin, Myron Stubbs, ([[Mike White  has moved in. Later that evening his mother, Marilyn  also arrives with her dogs and asks whether she can stay. Even though Noah is displeased, he allows Marilyn to stay. He discovers his mother has left his father, suspecting that he had an affair. He and Marilyn get hired at a carpet store, but because of Marilyn's stupid tasks both of them get fired. Meanwhile his relationship with his wife, Clare,  deteriorates and she subsequently leaves. Marilyn spies her husband and they have an encounter. Her husband, Gene  confesses that he has tried to cheat on her twice. Noah's grandmother, Helen Cooper  dies, and at the funeral Noah and Maryiln debate. Noah gets moved by his mother's words and realises that his decision not to have a baby was wrong and rushes to Clare to apologize. The film ends with Marylin and Myron moving in together elsewhere."] ['Eccentric Jeffrey Mannus  is 29 years old and lives with his mother, Jan . He sees no reason to alter this arrangement, but his perfect world is upended when Jan meets Mert Rosenbloom , a motivational speaker. Mert successfully woos Jan and moves in on Jeffrey\'s territory, something Jeffrey will not tolerate. While at a coffee shop, Jeffrey finds a friend in one of the workers and later enlists the aid of her as his unlikely ally, an aspiring singer-songwriter, Nora Flannagan , with an anti-establishment penchant and a soft spot for him. As the war between Mert and Jeffrey escalates, something unprecedented happens — slowly, to both his own surprise and horror, Jeffrey discovers his inner adult. However, before this happens, Jeffrey and Mert get into a fist fight in Jan\'s home, causing her to break up with him. Jeffrey is pleased, but Jan kicks him out of the house. He goes to find Nora, who is currently upset with him for being such a "jerk", who does not offer any help. Jeffrey lives on the streets, but is eventually arrested for urinating in a sink. Seymore comes to the rescue and pays his bail, also allowing him to move in with him. Jeffrey realizes his errors and fights to get Jan and Mert back together. After achieving this he goes to stop the bus that Nora is riding, as she left for college, in his new car. He parks it in the middle of the road and stands on the hood, holding up a radio that is playing one of Nora\'s favorite songs. The bus driver makes Nora talk to him and they make up. They then drive off into the distance and the screen fades to black.'] ['Soul Food is told through the eyes of 11-year-old Ahmad , follows the trials of the Joseph family, a close-knit Chicago family that gets together to have Sunday dinner every week, with plenty of soul food to go around. As Mother  Joe  has three daughters, who each have had varying success in life: oldest daughter Teri  has become a successful lawyer but has also suffered relationship problems ever since her younger sister Maxine  stole and married Teri\'s old boyfriend, Kenny . Teri\'s current husband, Miles , also a lawyer, desires to follow his dreams of being an R&B musician, which Teri doesn\'t seem to support. Youngest Joseph daughter Robin —nicknamed "Bird"—has just opened a barbershop/beauty parlor, and most of the family is uneasy about her marriage to Lem , an ex-convict. These problems are complicated when Mother Joe, the diabetic but wise and caring matriarch of the family and the glue that holds it together, suffers a debilitating stroke during an operation to amputate her leg and slips into a coma. Without her guidance, the family begins to fall apart. Teri takes in her troubled cousin Faith , who grows close to, and eventually gets caught having sex with Miles by Teri. As an ex-con, Lem cannot find a job, so Bird makes an uneasy deal with her ex-boyfriend Simuel St. James  to get Lem a job, but this leads to a series of events that eventually cause him to be arrested again. By contrast, Kenny and Maxine are reasonably stable, and have their third child at the beginning of the film; however, Teri and Maxine\'s constant feuding—stemmed mainly from Teri\'s jealousy of Maxine\'s successful relationship with Kenny and her frustration over everyone seemingly taking advantage of her wealth, as well as Maxine\'s resentfulness of Teri\'s bossiness and insensitivity to family tradition—are the main factors in what starts to drive the family apart. Ahmad, Kenny and Maxine\'s oldest child, is worried about the state of his extended family, and conspires to find a way to bring them all back together. Ahmad tells everyone about a stash of money that Big Mama had hidden away some time ago though everyone believes that this is simply a myth, however, Ahmad manages to get everyone together for Sunday dinner. Things go a bit uneasy at first but everyone is upset that there was no money at all; Maxine chastises her son for lying about the money but Ahmad says tearfully that it was the only way to get everyone back together again. As Maxine is comforting her son, the kitchen accidentally catches on fire, they all work together to try and to put it out; when they put the fire out, Uncle Pete, Big Mama\'s brother, comes down with his television and drops it to reveal the money that Big Mama had hidden away. Things start to go well for the family, despite Miles and Teri\'s divorce, he still comes by for Sunday dinner, Lem and Bird are expecting their first child, Faith is finally becoming part of the family again and Uncle Pete who never came out of his room, starts to join the family.'] ["In 1980, on the night he fails to win an Emmy Award, Matt Hobbs proposes to his longtime girlfriend Beth. He says the only thing holding him back is his dedication to his career, one which may not always work out, and Beth says that's one of the things she loves most about him. Little more than a year later, with a baby crying and no job for Matt, Beth is overflowing with resentment. By 1993, the pair have been divorced for several years and are living on opposite coasts. Matt auditions for a role in pompous, self-absorbed, and clueless film producer Burke Adler's new project but fails to get the part. He does however agree to chauffeur Adler occasionally. Matt flies to Georgia to pick up his daughter Jeannie for what he believes is a brief visit and discovers Beth is facing a prison term and Jeannie will be living with him for the duration of her sentence. The two return to Hollywood and struggle with their new circumstances and building a relationship . When Matt goes in to make a screen test for a lead in a film, he leaves Jeannie with a friend at the studio, and when he picks her up he's stunned to learn she's been cast in a sitcom. There are multiple sub-plots, including one focusing on Matt's relationship with staff script-reader Cathy Breslow and another concerning test screening analyst Nan Mulhanney and her tumultuous relationship with Adler. While a large part of the film is a satire of the film industry, it also skewers relationships from various angles."] ['Grace  discovers that her husband Eddie  is having an affair with another woman. To her surprise, she also discovers that people around her advise her to forgive and forget instead of making an issue out of it. Her father  owns a hunter/jumper horse farm and thinks that the whole family should instead concentrate on an upcoming competition.'] ["The film stars Cryer as the son of a senator who has spent most of his life away at boarding school. An eccentric boy who is a fan of horror films, his personality does not fit in with the carefully calculated conservative image his mother  has designed for their family. He is brought home to help with his father's campaign, and unwittingly discovers that others are setting the family up for the fall. With the help of a zany new girlfriend  he manages to save the day, and loosen up his family in the process."] ['EDtv starts off with the television channel True TV commencing interviews for a TV show that shows a normal person\'s life 24/7. This idea was thought up by a TV producer named Cynthia . They interview Ed Pekurny  and his brother, Ray . When the producers see the interview Cynthia decides to use Ed and interviews only Ed. So now they start airing the show, which they call Ed TV. The show is a total failure at first, as only boring things happen and the main producers want to pull the plug, except for Cynthia. However, Ed TV suddenly gets interesting on Day 3 when Ed visits Ray. Ed  discovers that Ray is cheating on his girlfriend Shari . Ed then visits Shari to apologize to her for Ray\'s actions. Shari is very drunk and starts insulting Ray, by talking to the camera. She makes everyone laugh and gasp by saying "Ray was a bad lay." Ed tries to comfort Shari, and he reveals he has feelings for her. She then reveals she has feelings for Ed as well. They slowly move their faces closer and finally kiss each other. Ed then locks out the camera crew and proceeds to passionately kiss Shari for a while. Ed TV suddenly becomes extremely popular. Ed then goes on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and meets beautiful model/actress Jill  who takes a liking to Ed. Ed then visits Shari and she tells Ed that she does not want to be with him until the Show stops airing. She then leaves town. Ed goes to the park with Ray and some friends to play football when Jill comes to talk to him, because Cynthia brought her in to earn more ratings. She invites Ed to dinner at her house. When he arrives at Jill\'s house, there is a massive crowd. They have a small talk, and then they kiss on top of a table. They are about to have sex, but then Ed falls off the table and squishes Jill\'s cat. Ed never sees Jill again. Ed\'s father , who abandoned his family when Ed was 13, unexpectedly visits Ed and informs him that he left because Ed\'s mother was having an affair with Ed\'s current stepfather, Al . Ed is furious with his mother and argues with her. Next, Ed gets a phone call telling him to come to the hospital. The doctor says that his father is dead and that he died making love to his wife. Ed thinks this means Al, but it actually is his real father and that Ed\'s mother was cheating on Al. After the funeral, Ed becomes disheartened by the fact that the producers want him to stay on longer and that he cannot do anything to change their minds or he would be in breach of his contract. Ed is depressed until he catches a glimpse of Shari . He chases her for a long time until she stops in the women\'s bathroom in a movie theater. She says she is staying with her brother as it is his birthday and she just wanted to see Ed. But she does not want to be with him until the show stops. When Ed exits, one camera man stays with Shari saying that it is the producers\' new idea. The main camera man tells him that all his family are being filmed, but they show the most interesting person. Ed gets an idea on how to stop the main producer from showing the show: he says that he will give $10,000 to the person who can give him the best amount of "dirt" on the producers and that he will announce it live, with the desired result being they stop airing the show before he can make the announcement. As Cynthia feels sorry for Ed, she tells him a secret of the main producer. Ed announces the secret  but before he can announce who it is they stop airing the show.'] ['At the film\'s opening, Dan and Sara are experiencing marital fallout. According to their pre-teen children, Clark and Annette, they both underestimate each other\'s role in the family. When a new position with the Saints takes them to New Orleans, the Andersons purchase a dilapidated mansion. Upon arrival, they start fighting worse than ever. The children go up into the attic and discover a book of spells, finding out from their babysitter, the resident voodoo sorceress, that this house once belonged to the most powerful sorceress in the area. Desperate to save their parents marriage, the two cast a spell which inadvertently switches their parents\' bodies. The next morning, Dan wakes up in Sara\'s body, and she likewise. They try to act like nothing has changed, which means they must do each other\'s jobs. After managing for about a day or two, still trying to keep their children  from finding out, Dan  goes to the doctor because he  is feeling sick and discovers that he  is pregnant. The rest of the movie continues in similar fashion: As the two parents live life in the other\'s shoes they grow to understand one another. Thanks to the secret coaching she is receiving from Dan, Sara starts to get better at football. Her nurturing nature leads to her/him implementing the sort of \'reward\' list and tactics usually expected in a classroom. Surprisingly, this encourages the team so much that they start winning match after match. On the other hand, Dan is learning how to keep house and, though still rather uncomfortable, is rather enjoying his/her pregnancy and getting closer to the children in the process. As time passes, both parents really begin to understand what the other was complaining about, commenting on this to one another and wondering if they\'ll ever switch back or if they\'ll be stuck in each other\'s bodies for the rest of their lives. When the pregnancy is about nine months along, the Saints make it to the Super Bowl. If the team wins, the championship will go to Dan, who\'ll never have to worry about money or moving around again. Exhilerated, the parents embrace each other at the table and shout jubilantly at each other. This is heard by the children, who use this opportunity to finally confess all to their parents. The children try to undo the spell, but fail. They call the babysitter, who translates that the spell will reverse once its purpose is complete: when the two parents truly understand each other, they will be restored to their rightful bodies. However, there is a warning clause that implies that unless they manage to undo the spell before the birth of the baby, the spell will be permanent. After the babysitter leaves and parents and children go to bed, Dan and Sara apologize to each other, then kiss, which turns out to be the necessary act of understanding. The next day is the big match, and Dan\'s teammates instantly notice the difference in Dan\'s behaviour. While Sara goes into labor, Dan\'s attempts to motivate his teammates with insults causes them to start fumbling. His son reminds him to forget his old methods of motivation and revert to the "touchy-feely stuff" his wife used. In the hospital, Sara is puffing and panting and swearing and ordering the nurses to bring her a TV. Around the time Dan wins the championship game, Sara finally gives in to nature and gives birth to her new son. Later on, Dan is offered another job, but turns it down for his family.'] ['Gomez  and Morticia Addams  welcome the birth of their third child, Pubert . Older siblings Wednesday  and Pugsley  are antagonistic toward their new baby brother and attempt to kill him several times, but Pubert fortuitously survives each attempt. Worried by this behavior, Gomez and Morticia seek out a nanny to help look after the children. After Wednesday and Pugsley scare off the first few applicants, Debbie Jelinsky  is hired. Gomez\'s brother Fester  is immediately infatuated with her. Unbeknownst to the family, Debbie is a serial killer known as "The Black Widow", who seeks out wealthy bachelors, marries them and then murders them on their wedding night, making the deaths appear accidental so that she inherits their fortunes. Wednesday and Pugsley become suspicious of Debbie\'s intentions toward Fester, believing that she is after his vast riches. Debbie tricks Gomez and Morticia into sending the children away to a summer camp, where they quickly make enemies of the perky camp owners Gary  and Becky Granger  and the snobby Amanda Buckman . Joel Glicker , another social outcast, develops a crush on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Debbie advances her plot to seduce Fester: she professes to love him, but claims to be a virgin and says they cannot consummate their relationship until marriage, prompting Fester to propose. Wednesday and Pugsley are distraught at the news and try to escape from camp, while Gary and Becky repeatedly attempt to get them to be peppy. They are allowed to attend the wedding, and Wednesday brings Joel along. On their honeymoon, Debbie attempts to electrocute Fester by dropping a radio into the bathtub with him, but he is unaffected. Frustrated by his resilience, Debbie uses her sexual hold over Fester to manipulate him into severing all ties with his family. The two move into a lavish mansion, and when Gomez, Morticia, Grandmama  and butler Lurch  attempt to visit, Debbie forbids them from seeing Fester. Pubert soon goes through dramatic changes, becoming blonde-haired, rosy-cheeked and cheerful. Grandmama determines that he is possessed, a condition brought on by anxiety over Fester\'s separation from the family. Back at camp, Wednesday refuses to participate in Gary\'s play, a musical production of the first Thanksgiving. She, Pugsley, and Joel are locked in the "Harmony Hut" and forced to watch upbeat family films to curb their antisocial behavior. On emerging from the hut, Wednesday feigns perkiness and agrees to play the role of Pocahontas. However, during the play, she leads the other social outcasts — who have all been cast as Native Americans — in a revolt, capturing Gary, Becky and Amanda and leaving the camp in chaos. Before she leaves, Wednesday and Joel kiss. Debbie tries once again to kill Fester, this time by blowing up their mansion with a bomb. When he again survives, she pulls a gun on him and admits that she never loved him. Thing — the Addams\' animated, disembodied hand — helps him to escape. Fester, Wednesday and Pugsley arrive at the Addams mansion, but the family\'s reunion is interrupted by Debbie who straps them — with the exception of Pubert — into electric chairs and forces them to watch a slide show detailing how she murdered her parents and previous husbands. Pubert, having returned to normal, is propelled into the room via a chain reaction of events and manipulates the wires just as Debbie throws the switch, causing her to be incinerated while the rest of the family is spared. At Pubert\'s first birthday party, Uncle Fester becomes enamored with Cousin Itt\'s child\'s new nanny, Dementia. Wednesday and Joel visit Debbie\'s grave in the family cemetery; Wednesday says that if she wanted to kill her husband, she would simply scare him to death. As Joel lays flowers on the grave, a hand shoots up from the ground and grabs him while Wednesday gives a satisfied smirk.'] ['The film follows Caveh Zahedi on a road trip to Las Vegas with his father and half-brother in an attempt to prove the existence of God. He posits that if God exists, and if God is indeed omniscient, omnipotent and omnibenevolent, then all the filmmaker has to do is roll the camera and let God direct the movie. In an attempt "to force God\'s hand" and change the direction of the film, Zahedi tries persuade his father and half-brother to take Ecstasy with him. When they refuse, things quickly start to unravel.'] ['Sheryl Hoover  is an overworked mother of two children who lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Her brother Frank  is a gay scholar of French author Marcel Proust, temporarily living at home with the family after a suicide attempt. Her husband Richard  is striving to build a career as a motivational speaker and life coach. Dwayne , Sheryl\'s son from a previous marriage, is an unhappy sixteen year old who has taken a vow of silence until he can accomplish his dream of getting into the US Air Force Academy in order to become a test pilot. Richard\'s foul-mouthed father, Edwin , a World War II veteran recently evicted from a retirement home for using heroin, lives with the family. He is close with his seven-year-old granddaughter, Olive . When Olive learns she has qualified for the "Little Miss Sunshine" beauty contest that is being held in Redondo Beach, California in two days, she is ecstatic. However, money is tight and due to various logistical issues, the only way to make the trip is if the entire household goes. Despite Richard, Dwayne, and Frank in particular not wanting to go, they all band together to support Olive and embark upon the 800-mile road trip in their antiquated yellow Volkswagen T2 Microbus. Family tensions play out during the journey, amidst the aging van\'s increasingly troublesome mechanical problems. When the van\'s clutch breaks early in the trip, the family discovers that they must push the van until it reaches 20 miles per hour and then run and jump in. Later, the horn starts honking unceasingly, resulting in the family getting pulled over. Throughout the road trip, the family suffers numerous personal setbacks, and discover their need for each other\'s support. Richard loses an important contract that would have jump-started his motivational business and saved the family from financial ruin. Frank encounters the ex-boyfriend who, in leaving him for Frank\'s chief academic rival , precipitated his suicide attempt. Edwin dies from an apparent heroin overdose. In order to reach their destination in time, the family smuggles his body out of the hospital, , planning to make funeral arrangements after the pageant. During the final stretch of the trip, Dwayne discovers that he is color blind, and therefore can never get a pilot\'s license, which prompts him to break his silence, refusing to continue with the trip and revealing his anger and disdain for his family. He storms from the van in tears, but is calmed down by a hug from Olive and returns to the family, apologizing for the things he yelled.  After a frantic race against the clock, Olive is almost refused entrance to the pageant for arriving at the hotel four minutes late. As she gets ready, the family observes the other competitors: slender, sexualized little girls with highly styled hair, heavily made-up faces, spray tans, adult-like sexy swimsuits, and glamorous evening wear, performing highly elaborate dance, musical, and gymnastic routines with great panache. It quickly becomes apparent that Olive  is not in their league. As Olive\'s turn to perform in the talent portion of the pageant draws near, Richard and Dwayne recognize that Olive is certain to be humiliated and, wanting to spare her feelings, run to the dressing room to prevent her from performing. Sheryl, however, insists that they "let Olive be Olive", and Olive decides to go on stage. She joyfully performs the dance routine that her Grandpa Edwin had secretly choreographed for her: a burlesque performance to Rick James\' song "Super Freak", innocently oblivious to the scandalized and horrified reaction of the audience. The organizers are enraged and demand Sheryl and Richard remove Olive from the stage. Instead, one by one the members of the family join Olive on stage, dancing alongside her, and Richard prevents pageant officials from touching his daughter. The family is next seen outside the hotel\'s security office where a police officer tells them they are free to leave as long as Olive never again enters a beauty pageant in the state of California. Richard tells Olive that her grandfather would be very proud of her, and the family happily piles into the ramshackle bus and heads back to their home in Albuquerque.'] ['Kate  and Alex  are a couple living in a New York City apartment with their teenage daughter, Abby . Kate and Alex own a furniture store specializing in used modern furniture, which they buy at estate sales. They have bought the apartment adjacent to theirs, but its occupant, the elderly and cranky Andra , will stay in it until she dies. Andra has two granddaughters, the dutiful and generous Rebecca , a breast cancer radiology technician, and the cynical, sharp-tongued Mary , a cosmetologist. Kate is troubled by the profits she makes from furniture sellers who do not know the value of what they are selling; the contrast between homeless people in her neighborhood and her own comfortable life; and the fact that her family will only be able to expand their apartment when Andra dies. She tries to assuage her guilt through volunteer jobs  and donations to homeless individuals .'] ['{{plot}} Stanley Stupid ([[Tom Arnold  is convinced that someone is stealing his trash. He discovers and follows a garbage truck. His children, Buster  and Petunia  think he was kidnapped and leave a note for their mother Joan. The note said: "police kidnapped your kids" While at the dump, Stanley overheard a meeting of corrupt army officials promising several foreign representatives large amounts of contraband. Stanley poses as one of the foreigners, and talks with Colonel Neidermeyer . Neidermeyer is convinced that Stanley is a secret agent. Shortly afterward, he tells Lieutenant Neal , one of his subordinate assassins, to kill him. Meanwhile, the children are brought home by the police only to discover that their mother is gone too. After the two find an advertisement for a Chinese restaurant, they go to the restaurant. There, Buster receives a fortune cookie that says "Time flies when you\'re having fun." Believing this is the Daily Times newspaper, the children go to the newspapers offices. The computer prompts them for a headline, and after telling Buster  and Joan that computer language is alien, Petunia inputs "alien picks nose". The computer then requests a picture, at which they try to slide a photograph of Stanley into the floppy drive. The family reunites at their house and Stanley explains a conspiracy he discovered at the dumpster. Years ago, while working for as a "courier for the government" , he noticed an inordinate amount of letters marked "return to sender". Thinking "sender" was a person\'s name, he reported this to his superior, who promptly fired him. He believes Mr. Sender  accumulates letters, has bribed the police into stealing people\'s children. The Stupid\'s children suggest looking for "Sender" in the telephone directory, and find a Charles Sender  who works at the Museum of Natural History. At the museum, they split up and sneak in. Buster and Joan find a display of several dates and events, ending at an elevator which had buttons for floors A-D and 1-9. Believing it to be a time machine, Buster presses several random numbers and the letters B and C. The elevator takes them to a display about dinosaurs, and Buster writes his name on the wall, believing it will be the first thing humans will read. Petunia and Stanley, meanwhile, enter Sender\'s office and find his daily planner. On their way out, they enter a planetarium. Suddenly, the planetarium show begins. They are discovered by a janitor named Lloyd , who they take as "The Lord". The family reunites again outside the museum. Stanley and Petunia tell Joan and Buster that Sender was going to a television studio. The studio kicks them out. Neidermeyer realizes Stanley hasn\'t been assassinated when he sees him on TV singing "I\'m My Own Grandpa". He kidnaps Stanley and brings him to the army base, and his family follow but are not allowed in. Stanley is tied to a chair and interrogated, but refuses to give away anything. Just when he is about to be beaten, one of his guards spits a wad of chewing gum on the floor. Remembering the museum janitor\'s words, he finds the strength to escape and rejoin his family. Stanley tells of the nefarious plot he heard that will take "... place  Warehouse 21". Arriving in the middle of the night, they sneak in to discover huge stores of weapons. They order the corrupt officials to surrender, and soon find themselves under attack. After a series of humorous struggles, they manage to get the police\'s attention. All the corrupt officers are arrested except for Neidermeyer. Stanley approaches Sender and tells him he needs to turn his life away from evil. Thinking these are road directions, Sender thanks him. When the Stupids return home, they find Neidermeyer waiting to kill them. Before he can pull the trigger, Neidermeyer tells them that no guardian angel can save them, at which point the takeout-delivery man Joan called earlier barges in, knocking him out with the door. The family believes that delivery man to be working for "The Lloyd", when in fact the man\'s boss\' name is Floyd. Meanwhile, a nose-picking alien in a space ship passes an edition of the newspaper Joan and the children were in earlier. Upon seeing "Alien picks nose" with Stanley\'s photo on the front cover, they set off to Earth to kill him. The film ends as Stanley is grilling hamburgers outside. Buster says he wants to try, at which point the aliens appear in the yard. Oblivious to the aliens, Stanley tries to explain to Buster that he is too little to do it. In the process, he inadvertently sets the aliens on fire, and they teleport away.'] ["A large, dysfunctional family is brought together for a surprise birthday party for patriarch Jack Scanlan and for the funeral that follows, Jack dying from a heart attack from the surprise. Everybody's assorted issues are brought to light. There is eldest son Johnny, a tree surgeon who wants more adventure in his life. There is his brother Frank, a labor leader who wants to live up to his father's expectations. There is sister Tracy, a dancer, her gay ex-husband Boyd and the embalmer Peter who is in love with her. There is a literal sister, Nora, a nun based in Latin America. And there are unfamiliar faces, too, like a woman named Cassie who turns up at the funeral and may or may not have been their late father's mistress. It's a chance for everyone to get acquainted or reacquainted and it's all in the family."] ["The story focuses on Jane Marks, her adult daughters Michelle and Elizabeth, and her pre-teen adopted African American daughter Annie, each of whom allows her personal insecurities to affect her life. Jane, longing to look younger and thinner, opts for liposuction, with near tragic results. When Michelle's artistic talents fail to produce any income for her family, much to the dismay of her husband Bill, she takes a job as a one-hour photo developer and finds herself falling for the attention of her teenaged co-worker Jordan. Aspiring actress Elizabeth, who bestows upon stray dogs the affection she finds difficult to offer her boyfriend Paul, questions her appeal when she's rejected for a role based on her looks, and she seeks reassurance from film heartthrob Kevin McCabe. Overweight Annie tries to fit in better with her white adopted family by having her hair straightened by black Big Sister volunteer Lorraine, who Jane hopes will put the young girl in touch with her heritage."] ["{{Inuniverse}} Beaver  gets his heart set on a Bike in the store window. He doesn't know how to get his parents to buy it for him. However, Eddie Haskell  tells him that if he sucks up to his father ([[Christopher McDonald , by signing up for football, he will be sure to get the bike on his upcoming birthday. He signs up for football despite his small size, and is tackled and thrown to the ground many times during practices. On the first day of school five days later, Ward and June  tell Wally to drop Beaver off and pick him up for a few days because he has never ridden his bike there before. At school Beaver sits beside a very pretty girl named Susan Acustis  and has a very kind teacher named Miss Landers . After school Eddie asks Wally to come to the soda shop to see him flirt with Karen . He does not want Beaver to follow them, so Wally leaves him alone at the bike rack telling him he will be back in a second. Beaver is polishing his bike when a punk teenager  comes over and admires it and asks him if he can show him some cool bike tricks. He agrees and the boy shows him some tricks before riding off with the bike. Inside the shop it becomes apparent that Karen likes Wally, not Eddie. When Wally and Eddie come out of the shop and hear that Beaver's bike got stolen they look for it but can't find it. During dinner that night, the boys try to cover up the fact that the bike was stolen, but to no avail. When Ward hears this he is very upset not just at Beaver, but at Wally, because he wasn't watching him. In the boys' bedroom, they get into a fight which sends Beaver's new computer flying out the window. Wally grabs the wire and tries to pull it in and does, but the wire breaks, and it falls out the window and crashes into many pieces. Beaver decides to skip football practice and study instead, and Wally starts spending more time with Karen now instead of him. When he is caught by Ward for skipping practice, Beaver is told that he can quit the team if he wants, but he doesn't. During the last game, he gets a catch and runs it for a touchdown. By the concession stands, he finds the punk with his bike and takes it back. Ward reads Beaver a bedtime story."] ['Andy , a senior chef in a large London catering facility, buys a dilapidated fast-food van from a disreputable acquaintance named Patsy . He plans to clean, restore and put it into service on a local fast-food round. Wendy  is sensibly sceptical about the project but understands her husband\'s ambitions. Their twin 22-year-old daughters  have profoundly different attitudes: tomboyish Natalie  thinks it is a good idea if it will make her father happy, whereas the bitter, shut-in Nicola contemptuously and typically dismisses Andy as a "Capitalist!" Late at night, an anguished Nicola binges on chocolate and snacks, then forces herself to vomit. Natalie - awake in the next room - overhears her. Aubrey, a hyperactive but emotionally labile family friend, is opening a Parisian-themed restaurant named The Regret Rien. Wendy accepts a part-time job as waitress in the restaurant, but her and Andy\'s initial confidence in the scheme is undermined by Aubrey\'s unorthodox approach to the interior décor  and by his menu. His singularly grotesque interpretation of the excesses of nouvelle cuisine includes dishes such as saveloy on a bed of lychees, liver in lager and pork cyst. During the afternoon, whilst the rest of the family are out at work, Nicola\'s lover  comes to the family home to have sex with her. It appears that Nicola can only be aroused by a combination of light bondage and the consumption of chocolate spread from her chest - a practice to which he only reluctantly agrees. He ultimately loses patience with her, accusing her of being "a bit vacant" and incapable of having a sincere, adult conversation or allowing herself to enjoy his companionship. She calls his bluff and loses: frustrated but resolute, he leaves her and her fragile emotional state deteriorates even further. The opening night of The Regret Rien is a disaster. Wendy volunteers her help when it becomes clear that Aubrey\'s waitress has let him down - she has gone to liberated Prague with her boyfriend. And Aubrey forgot to advertise the opening of the restaurant, with the result that no customers turn up. Aubrey gets hopelessly drunk, takes to the pavement and rails against the world, tells Wendy that he fancies her, starts taking his clothes off and passes out, \'a quivering, sobbing gelatinous blob of disappointment.\'Coveney, p.221 Wendy is forced to deal not only with him but with his glum, passive and infatuated sous-chef, Paula . Meanwhile, Andy and Patsy have gone to their local pub, where Andy gets uncharacteristically but emphatically drunk and ends up sleeping inside the decrepit fast-food van in his driveway. Wendy returns home from the disastrous opening night of Aubrey\'s restaurant to find him there: unnerved by her bizarre evening, for the first time she loses her temper with the whole family. Phlegmatic and dry-humoured Natalie enjoys her unconventional work as a plumber, the simple pleasures of a pint and a game of pool, and dreams of visiting the USA. In contrast, the fidgety and isolated Nicola becomes increasingly agitated, aggressive and reclusive, and Wendy finally confronts her. During the course of their long and anguished confrontation, Wendy makes it clear to Nicola that she is deeply worried about her, for example, wondering why she makes no attempt to get involved with the causes she claims to believe in. She tells Nicola of the struggle she and Andy endured to care for their baby daughters - how it meant she never went to college and Andy working in a "job he hates." It emerges that during an earlier phase of Nicola\'s bulimia, she almost starved to death. Ashamed and angry, Nicola is convinced that Wendy and the rest of the family hate her. Instead, as the exasperated Wendy tells her, "We don\'t hate you! We bloody love you, you stupid girl!" and leaves the room, deeply upset. The brittle behavioural armour with which Nicola has protected her psyche is now shattered and she breaks down sobbing. Meanwhile, Andy is seen running his kitchen at work with energy and authority but slips on a spoon, breaking his ankle. Wendy receives the news with a characteristic mixture of sympathy and amusement. She drives him home from the hospital; aided by Natalie she makes him comfortable, and then goes to see Nicola, still in her room. Mother and daughter reconcile. The film ends with Natalie and Nicola sitting peacefully in the evening sunshine in the back garden. Natalie observes that Nicola must own up to her parents about her bulimia. She then asks Nicola "D\'you want some money?" and Nicola accepts gratefully, the first time in the film where she has accepted an offer of help.'] ['The story is about an elderly Chinese t\'ai chi ch\'uan teacher and grandfather who emigrates from Beijing to live with his son, American daughter-in-law, and grandson in a New York City suburb. The grandfather is increasingly distanced from the family as a "fish out of water" in Western culture. The film shows the contrast between traditional Chinese ideas of Confucian relationships within a family and the much more informal Western emphasis on the individual. The friction in the family caused by these differing expectations eventually leads to the grandfather moving out of the family home , and in the process he learns lessons  about how he must adapt to his new surroundings before he comes to terms with his new life.'] ['Major Thompson  is a crusty, middle-aged English officer, retired and widowed and living in Paris, who tries to adjust to the French way of life. He falls in love with frivolous but alluring Martine , and then marries her. The question is, will their child be raised as a proper Englishman, or a swinging Frenchman?TCM Plot synopsis'] ['The Kettles help out cousin Rodney Kettle in Hawaii with his Pineapple industry. Ma and Pa get acquainted with blue-blooded Mrs. Andrews who thinks the Kettles are the "lowliest" people she has met.This is Percy Kilbride\'s last appearance as Pa Kettle, and his final movie as well.'] ['The film is about Melanie Porter , a 17-year-old college-bound girl who is getting ready to graduate from high school and really wants to go to Georgetown University. However, her father James Porter , the chief of police in the quiet Chicago suburb where they live, is overprotective of Melanie, and isn\'t ready for her to leave and study so far away from home. Chief Porter has other plans for Melanie; he wants her to go to Northwestern University which is only 28 minutes away from home. Porter also receives problems from disagreements with his real estate agent wife, Michelle , the family pig Albert, who continuously annoys him, and his youngest son Trey, who spends much time with the pig. Melanie gets invited to an interview at Georgetown after a college recruiter saw her performance at a mock trial. Her two best friends, Nancy  and Katie , offer to take her on their college road trip to Pittsburgh. Melanie is all set to go with her friends until her father surprises her with his own college road trip to Washington, D.C.. On their way, Melanie reluctantly visits Northwestern to take a tour. They meet an almost-too-happy father and daughter duo, Doug  and Wendy , who are on their own college road trip. Porter has planted actors at Northwestern, one screaming at Melanie they lost an eye at Georgetown. Melanie almost falls for it until one of the actors says to her "Yeah, the chief\'s a pretty smart guy", since he never met Porter. Their car soon breaks down and they find Trey in the trunk with Albert and a supply of oxygen. They stop at a hotel  but end up causing trouble when Albert eats coffee beans and becomes hyperactive. They run into Doug and Wendy again, who offer Melanie and Porter a ride since Porter\'s car broke down. Later, Melanie and her father ride on a tour bus where they try to work out their differences. At one destination, Nancy and Katie show up and take Melanie to a sorority house. Porter, due to a misunderstanding, and the owner not letting him in to check on her, sneaks into the house. After hearing that his daughter has faith in him, he decides to leave the next morning. Unfortunately, after Melanie leaves, he gets caught by the owner and brutally tased. Porter\'s mother comes to bail him out, and opens up about her own past fears when her son went to the Army, but still believed in her son to go his own path. Porter and Melanie end up forgiving each other at the airport. After dropping off Trey, they skydive to make the interview at Georgetown. Melanie is nervous, but Porter tells her she can do it and that they didn\'t come all this way for nothing. She then is accepted into Georgetown, which Wendy is accepted into too. In the end, James copes with letting go and the final scene shows the family at Thanksgiving dinner. Melanie introduces her friend Tracy . James learns to cope with this, and Doug\'s daughter announces her engagement to Scooter  which causes an enraged Doug to finally freak out and attack him. Deleted scenes include an alternate opening where James foils a bank robbery and a phone conversation where Michelle Porter, a real estate agent, is listening to Melanie\'s and James\'s complaints while Michelle is in the middle of showing a house to a couple. The couple think Michelle is talking to another buyer and decide to buy the house themselves.'] ["Set in the fictional town of Thayer, Connecticut, the story focuses on Meredith Morton , a successful Manhattan executive whose uptight, conservative demeanor is a sharp contrast to that of her boyfriend Everett  and his liberal and rambunctious family. Meredith, feeling very much an outsider during the Christmas holidays with Everett's family, opts to stay at the local inn instead of with the family and asks her sister Julie  to join her for support. Everett finds himself attracted to the more outgoing Julie. Meredith desperately tries to fit in, but her strained attempt to play charades and a clumsy effort to engage the family in a dinner table discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual orientation prove to be disastrous and Amy Stone  insults her. Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes the car, and Everett's brother Ben  comes to comfort her. The two end up at a local bar where, after several drinks, Meredith lets down her hair, literally and figuratively, and begins to enjoy herself. She invites Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson ([[Paul Schneider , to the Stones' for Christmas breakfast. The following morning, when she awakens in Ben's bed, she incorrectly assumes their night of revelry ended with the two sleeping together. Christmas proves to be a day of accusations, recriminations, self-discoveries, and attempts to mend fences. Sybil , who originally refused Everett's request for his grandmother's ring, reconsiders her position and offers it to him; but, by now, his feelings for Meredith have shifted to her sister. In a moment of emotional confusion{{spaced ndash}}or clarity{{spaced ndash}}he asks Julie to try on the ring, and it gets stuck. When Julie and Meredith lock themselves in the bathroom to get the ring off, they assume Everett is about to propose to Meredith. The family exchanges gifts; and Meredith, oblivious to Sybil's failing health, presents each with a framed enlarged photograph of Sybil taken when she was pregnant with Amy. Everyone is touched by her gesture, and Meredith relaxes slightly; but, when Everett asks to talk to her, she demurs again and again until she blurts out that she will not marry him. He counters that he didn't plan to ask her. Meredith breaks down in front of the family. All the personality conflicts come to a head, and everyone begins the process of healing. One year later, the family reunites at the Stone house. Meredith and Ben are a couple, as are Everett and Julie and Amy and Brad. Everett's brother Thad and his partner Patrick have adopted a baby boy named Gus, and Everett's other sister, Susannah, has had her baby. Sybil, who has died, is referenced as the family gathers with family Christmas ornaments around the tree. The framed photograph of Sybil is on the wall next to the tree."] ["Jadzia is the matriarch of a family of five children, four sons and a daughter. The household also includes the eldest son's wife—a Syrian-American whom Jadzia calls a Gypsy and who also works with Jadzia—and their child. Jadzia is  happily married to Bolek, but is having a long-term relationship with Roman. Her daughter Hala becomes pregnant by a neighborhood cop and her family pressures him to marry her. Interior shots of the home were shot in a home on Wyandotte Street in Hamtramck. The St. Florian Church was used as a backdrop."] ['Dan Burns  is a newspaper advice columnist, a widower, and a controlling father to his children Jane , Cara  and, Lilly  in the New Jersey suburbs. His column is in contention to be syndicated nationally. The family takes a trip to the Rhode Island home of his parents  to visit his family—including his New York City-based brother, Mitch , a personal trainer—for an annual family get together. Cara does not want to go, as she does not want to leave her boyfriend Marty  whom she claims to have fallen in love with in just three days. But Dan insists that it is not possible to fall in love in three days and makes her go. The morning after his arrival, Dan\'s mother encourages him to go into town for a bit to give his daughters some space. Dan visits a bookstore and a customer named Marie  mistakes him for an employee. Dan and Marie have an obvious connection and continue to talk over breakfast. Marie agrees to meet with Dan again before leaving but tells Dan that she has a boyfriend. Dan returns to his parents\' house and happily announces he has met someone new, only to find that Marie is there, her boyfriend being Dan\'s brother, Mitch. Dan and Marie spend the majority of their time trying to deny their attraction to each other. Dan even agrees to a date with Ruthie Draper, a childhood friend of Dan and Mitch\'s who comes to visit and is now a surgeon. Cara\'s boyfriend shows up despite the long journey but is sent home by Dan. Cara chases the car and cries and calls out, "You are a murderer of love!" to Dan when Marty is out of sight. During a family talent show, Dan plays guitar while Mitch sings Pete Townshend\'s "Let My Love Open the Door." But Mitch forgets the words, and Dan steps in, serenading Marie in front of his brother. Marie is unable to continue to deny her feelings for Dan, and she breaks up with Mitch, which makes him distraught. Before leaving town, she calls Dan, and they meet at a bowling alley. After spending some time bowling, Marie and Dan end up kissing. At this point, Dan\'s family shows up at the bowling alley. Surprised and infuriated at Dan for his betrayal, Mitch punches Dan in the face and Marie runs out. A short time later, Dan finally meets with a father and daughter who run the newspaper media company. His family sits in on the meeting. Lost at what he has experienced, the meeting turns awkward but unresolved. Dan talks to his daughters and admits he is in love with Marie, even though he has only known her three days. Encouraged by his parents and the three girls, he goes after Marie. The film ends with Dan and his three daughters in New York City where they find Marie at her gym and the two make eye contact, to a voiceover in which Dan narrates his first column to his readers, indicating that he indeed was chosen by the newspaper media company to have his column nationally syndicated. The ending scene in the film shows Dan and Marie descending the steps of his parents\' home and dancing following their wedding. Mitch is seen happily dancing with Ruthie Draper, and Cara is happily dancing with her boyfriend Marty.'] ['{{plot}} James and Mollie, after struggling to put their kids, Mikey  and Julie  to bed, again have sex in their bedroom. She tries to refuse but her husband charms his way through her resistant behavior. Meanwhile outside, a pair of different breed dogs, having come from a night out are about to part ways. But the male dog, Trooper, instead cons the female dog, Princess, into mating with him after he lies and says that he is going to be fixed the next day. The screen changes for the credits of several of Trooper\'s canine sperm entering Princess\' eggs. The owners of the spaniel discover that she has given birth and decide simply to put the dogs up for adoption. A few days afterwards, a young cross bred puppy is up for sale and we can hear him talking. He sees Mikey passing by him and begs him to take him home. He however has to hurry past in tow of his mother, and two harsh looking individuals buy the puppy. He manages to escape them and starts his life as a stray. James is a private air pilot working for Samantha - who we see has a crush on him and is always trying to extend the trips to spend more time with him. Mikey tells Santa that he wants a dog for Christmas. James feels the time has come to give him the present he has always wished for and tells Samantha about this. In the meantime, Mollie is a top accountant at her firm but because her salary is so high, she is suddenly laid off in order for the firm to save money. Unable to acquire a decent job, Mollie gets one as one of the elves for the mall Santa for the holiday season. During a visit, Mikey discovers to his horror that Santa Claus is a fake and becomes upset with disbelief. One day though the dog gets caught by the animal rescue force and taken to a kennel, where several other dogs are kept. He is about to be put to sleep on the same day that James brings Mikey there to select a dog. Overjoyed, Mikey bumps into the same dog he saw as a puppy, takes an instant liking to him and decides to take him home. Soon James and Mikey get home with the dog which Mikey has named Rocks, only to see that Samantha is at their house and has brought over her dog, Daphne, who is highly trained and she wants James to have her as a present from her. Mollie is angry when she discovers that James has gone and gotten a dog for Mikey without discussing it with her and the two have a brief argument. As Rocks will be put to sleep if he\'s returned to the kennel and James does not want to offend Samantha by refusing Daphne, the two realize they are stuck with two dogs. James compromises that whichever dog behaves better will stay while the other will be gotten rid of somehow. Mikey and Rocks, along with Julie and Daphne, begin a small series of sibling squabbles that irritate each child and their dog. Rocks, who had been getting threats from Mollie to be back out on the streets for eating her expensive shoes and peeing all over the floor, breaks the line by accidentally destroying Daphne\'s doghouse while playing fetch with Mikey. Daphne goes into Mollie\'s room and sets Rocks up by chewing on her shoes. Later that night when Mollie is sleeping, the dogs sneak out and have a night on the town. Daphne begins to stop being so arrogant and learns to enjoy herself and have fun. She also begins to see Rocks in a new light and soon falls in love with him, and he feels the same for her. When Mollie discovers her chewed up shoes she throws a fit screaming "You are out of here!" Mikey hears this and becomes upset. While being shut out on the patio, Daphne later apologizes to Rocks for her actions and it is discovered that he doesn\'t understand their attempts to train him to sit, lie down, beg, or any of the other standard tricks a dog is taught. As the world\'s most over-trained dog, Daphne proceeds to teach him the simple tricks that his family has been trying to do so. Mollie realizes that Daphne misses Rocks and talks to her about how someone can grow on you and after a while you can\'t live without them. Meanwhile, James and Samantha go to her partner\'s home cabin on Christmas Eve during a strong snowstorm. He fails to discover this is an elaborate setup to get them alone and stranded. She sends her driver away keeping James from leaving. She unplugs the phone and fax machine and plants a phony fax sheet clarifying that he  would not arrive until that night or early the following morning. Realizing he would possibly freeze to death trying to get out, James silently agrees to stay, giving Samantha the satisfaction that her setup was working. Mollie begins to suspect James is having an affair with Samantha when she calls her office and discovers the two are at a cabin in northern New York and her partner was in the Bahamas with his wife and family for the weekend, but is convinced by her mother  that James loves her and would never cheat on her. She calls back and under the guise of a flower delivery service manages to get the cabin\'s address. She gathers the children and the gifts to take Christmas to James. The family suffers a car accident when it slides off the snowy, icy roads and into the forest below the highway. a wolf appears and prepares to attack Mollie as she gets out of the car. Rocks rolls down the window and faces the wolf, attacking and scaring him away. He and Daphne decide to split up to get the family help. He sends her to find help while he follows James\' scent. After Daphne straightens out the difference between \'sniff\' and \'snort\' she finds a forest ranger, and calls the squad to the car. While instructing Samantha to dance in the den under firelight, James looks up and discovers that the phone line has been pulled from the wall. He finally catches on to her ploy, dropping her promptly onto the floor. After she tells James he deserves better than a "frumpy little housewife who doesn\'t have the ability to find a decent job" Rocks appears at the door. She continues to threaten him, stating that if he walks out the door she will fire him and he won\'t find another decent job for the rest of his \'pathetic\' life. Her voice is cut off though as Rocks urinates all over her feet and the two leave. After discovering that Mollie and the kids are no longer at the car, James and Rocks are confronted by a pack of wolves. Rocks defends James and as the attack happens off screen, there are the sounds of James\' beeper and a dog\'s yelping, presumably Rocks\'. Back at the ranger station, Mikey is looking out the window and he thinks he sees Santa hiking up the path to the station. All are surprised when James comes in the door. He explains that he was attacked by wolves and Rocks came to his rescue, leading Mikey and Daphne to believe sadly that he had been killed during this attack. James brings out his beeper, which has been crushed by the attack. Rocks appears and all is well again, apparently the sound of the beeper was what drove the wolves off and neither were hurt. After seeing that Rocks is obeying every command that comes out of James\' mouth  Mollie votes that he stays, and they are one big happy family again. Daphne chooses Rocks as her mate. The ranger chimes in and states he\'s picking up a weird transmission on his radio. He turns the dial and Santa\'s voice is made out stating "Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!" much to Mikey\'s surprise.'] ['Socially inept garbageman Simon Grim is befriended by Henry Fool, a witty rogue and untalented novelist. Henry opens the world of literature to Simon, and is inspired to write "the great American poem". Simon struggles to get his work recognized, and it is often dismissed as pornographic tat, but Henry continues to push and inspire Simon into getting the poem published. Henry carries around a bundle of notebooks he refers to as "His Confession", a work that details aspects of his mysterious past that he one day hopes to publish, when he and the world is ready for them. Henry\'s hedonistic antics cause all manner of turns in the lives of Simon\'s family, not least of which is impregnating Fay Grim . As Simon begins an ascent to the dizzying heights of Nobel Prize-winning poet, Henry sinks to a life of drinking in low-life bars as his own attempts at fame result in rejection, even by Simon\'s publisher who once employed Henry. The friends part ways and lose touch until Henry’s criminal past catches up with him as he needs Simon’s help in fleeing the country.'] ["Struggling former child actor and now-adult screenwriter Monkey Zetterland  is working on a historical screenplay based around the defunct Red Car subway of Los Angeles. He lives in a building owned by his neurotic mother Honor Zetterland , who is a famous soap opera star. Secretly hoping there is a future in acting for Monkey, she is trying to turn her hairdresser son  Brent Zetterland  into a film star. As the film begins, Honor shows up at Monkey's house to borrow his epsom salts at the same time that his disagreeable girlfriend Daphne  arrives. From this point on the film dissolves into a character study with little plot development as new and old characters interact and form a quirky family unit. Sister Grace Zetterland  arrives in tears to reveal that her lesbian girlfriend  has gotten pregnant in an attempt to bring the two of them closer. Honor rents the basement apartment to Sascha  and Sofie , a gay man and lesbian posing as husband and wife while publishing an underground newsletter that outs closeted homosexuals in the entertainment industry. As if this weren't enough, a creepy woman  shows up with a fan letter for Honor, and another kooky lady, Imogene , begins heavily, openly pursuing Monkey's attention. After a series of confrontations, Daphne moves out, and around the same time the family's absentee father  surfaces in time for Thanksgiving. While everyone busies themselves with their personal issues, Grace discovers that Sascha and Sofie are in fact terrorists who intend to bomb a local insurance agency that is denying medical coverage to people with HIV and AIDS. Sofie comes up with a plan to send Grace into the agency with a bomb, which Grace and Sascha believe is set up to give Grace enough time to escape. It is not, and Grace dies in the explosion. This event pulls everyone out of their own selfish interests and forces them to re-examine their lives and the people around them. The patriarch of the family disappears again; Grace's lover and her baby are taken in by the family, and Monkey decides to let Imogene get closer to him. Then, just as things are starting to fall into place, Monkey comes home to find his apartment ransacked and his finally finished script stolen. It was his only copy. Later that evening the woman who left a fan letter for Honor arrives with Monkey's stolen script and a gun. She tries to shoot Honor, but hits the family dog instead. She is taken down, but the ensuing drama pulls the remaining emotional conflicts of the family into place. Honor accepts that Monkey is never going to become a famous actor. Instead of pushing him that way, she uses her connections to get his script produced - with brother Brent as the star."] ['The ups and downs of marriage and commitment are realized as a disgruntled and grieving couple recount their marriage to the divorce judge. As the judge attempts to decipher whether or not their love for one another is gone, key moments of their lives together are remembered in this witty comedy/drama.'] ["Ma and Pa come home after their fun and exciting trip to New York City. Only to find out that they're going to be grandparents. Kim is expecting a child. As Tom worries the whole Kettle house is happy with the family's newest addition. Right in the middle of breakfast the Kettles receive a telegram delivered by Alvin, the Western Union delivery boy, from Jonathan and Elizabeth Parker  declaring that they are coming to see the newborn! Ma hushes everybody, but to her surprise the in-laws have just come and are oustside. Ma goes to greet them but the Kettle children try to help by fighting over who gets to take their luggage in. The Parkers are refined Bostonians and their first impression of the Kettles leaves them in an awe. Ma and Elizabeth don't get acquainted very well - the reason why the Kettles leave their ultra-modern house to their beloved ramshackle farmhouse!"] ["Nic  and Jules  are a married lesbian couple living in California. They have each given birth to a child using the same sperm donor. Nic, an obstetrician, is the primary breadwinner and the stricter parent, while Jules, a housewife who is starting up a landscape design business, is more laid back. The younger child Laser  wants to find his sperm donor but has to be 18 to do so. He begs his 18-year-old sister Joni  to contact the sperm bank and determines that Paul  is the donor. The three meet. Joni is impressed by his bohemian lifestyle, and Paul is enthusiastic about being in their lives. Joni swears Laser to secrecy as she does not want to upset their mothers. However, Jules and Nic find out and invite Paul over to dinner. When Jules reveals she has a landscape business, Paul asks her to landscape his back garden. Jules agrees, although Nic does not like the idea. While working for Paul, Jules likes that he appreciates her work in contrast to Nic who, Jules feels, never supported her career. Jules impulsively kisses Paul one afternoon, and they end up in bed together, beginning an affair. Jules and the kids start spending more time with Paul. Nic believes Paul undermines her authority over the children, for example, by giving Joni a ride on his motorcycle, which Nic has forbidden, and suggesting she give Joni more freedom. After a heated argument with Jules, Nic suggests they all have dinner at Paul's house to ease the tension. Nic relaxes and makes a connection with Paul over their mutual love for Joni Mitchell. However, Nic discovers traces of Jules's hair in Paul's bathroom and bedroom. When they return home, Nic confronts Jules. At first, Jules denies it but then admits to the affair. Nic is devastated, but Jules insists she is not in love with Paul and has not turned straight; she just wanted to be appreciated. The household becomes very tense with Jules sleeping on the couch. The children are angry at Jules and Paul. Paul thinks he has fallen for Jules and suggests she leave Nic, bring the kids, and come live with him. Jules declines, disgusted with Paul's lack of understanding about their relationship. The night before Joni leaves home to go to college, Paul turns up at the house. Nic angrily confronts him, calling him an interloper, and tells him that if he wants a family, he should make one of his own. Rejected, Paul watches Laser from outside the window, trying to get his attention, but Laser gets up from the table and leaves, ignoring him. Later that night, Jules tearfully admits her errors to her family and begs their forgiveness. The next morning, the family takes Joni off to college. While Nic and Jules together hug Joni to say goodbye, they also affectionately touch each other. During the ride home, Laser tells his mothers that they should not break up because they are too old. Jules and Nic giggle, and the film ends with them smiling at each other and holding hands."] ['The film\'s plot is often compared to Pier Paolo Pasolini\'s Teorema, in which a strange visitor to a wealthy family seduces the maid, the son, the mother, the daughter, and finally the father, before leaving a few days after, subsequently changing their lives.http://homepages.sover.net/~ozus/visitorq.htm The film starts off with a question: "Have you ever done it with your Dad?"; the viewer then sees Miki Yamazaki, a young prostitute, trying to persuade her father, Kiyoshi, into having sex with her. Her father is videotaping the scene for a documentary he is preparing on Japanese youths. Once it appears the father is letting himself be persuaded, she tells him the price . They have sex, the father ejaculates after a very short time and the disappointed daughter informs him it will be 100,000 Yen now, because of this. The father then realizes the camera has been on all along. In the next scene, called "Have you ever been hit on the head?", a man  hits the father over the head with a rock for no apparent reason. The film then moves on to a scene titled "Have you ever hit your mom?" In this scene, the mother is working on a jigsaw puzzle, and her hands are shown to have red marks, showing where she was beaten. Her young son, Takuya, comes in and starts throwing things at the already broken apartment walls because he is unhappy with the toothbrush his mother bought him. He then hits his mother with a rug beating stick. Later, bullies from the son\'s school come to the front of the house and shoot fireworks through the son\'s bedroom window. The mother is later seen injecting heroin. It does not seem to have a huge effect on her, though, suggesting she is a regular user. On his way back from work, the father is yet again hit on the head by the same man. They both arrive at the father\'s home and the mother serves them dinner. The father announces that the man will be staying with the family for a while. The son comes down while they are eating and starts beating the mother again. This does not surprise or bother the father, or the visitor. Later, the father is seen watching one of his old tapes, and it turns out that he was raped by a group of teenagers. The next day, the father is on his way to work when he sees his son being beaten and robbed by some children from school. He films it from a distance and appears very pleased with the footage. The mother, meanwhile, is getting ready for work. The viewer discovers her body is covered in marks from where the son has hurt her. She also has a limp. The father meets with a female co-worker who believes he is going too far in his work. The mother, working as a prostitute, is whipping a customer with a belt . She then goes to buy some drugs. When she gets home, she discovers the pieces from her jigsaw have been arranged so as to form a trail through the house and ending at a photograph of her daughter. The visitor is at home and he introduces her to lactation sex . The son sees this while hiding behind the door. At dinner, the mother is much happier than usual, and has prepared a nice meal. The son, however, is sullen and throws a bowl of hot soup at her face. The wife—instead of being downtrodden, as usual—comes back with a carving knife and throws it at the head of her son, who dodges just in time. Everyone is very pleased, except the son. However, the father becomes exhilarated when the schoolchildren start attacking his house with fireworks again, which he videotapes. Meanwhile, the mother and the visitor continue to eat peacefully. Next day, the son is bullied again. The father is taping his son from his car with the visitor and his female co-worker. The co-worker gets fed up with the father and tries to leave. The father follows her on foot and sexually assaults her while the visitor, emotionally neutral, tapes the scene. The father unintentionally chokes his victim to death. He takes her body back home and puts her in the greenhouse. The visitor is still taping, at the father\'s instruction. The father sends the visitor to get garbage bags from the mother. But when the visitor asks her for them she takes her clothes off and reveals she is dressed in a garbage bag. She then makes herself lactate and produces a rain of human milk that covers the floor while the visitor watches from underneath an umbrella. During this time, the husband is drawing on the woman’s body to mark the best places to cut it up so the smaller pieces will fit in the bags. He tapes this for his documentary. Becoming aroused, the father has sex with the dead body. He then notices she is getting wet and is amazed that this is possible for a dead woman. When he brings his hand up, however, it is covered in feces. He then discovers that his penis is stuck inside the corpse due to Rigor mortis. The mother comes out to help and rushes to the shop to buy lots of oils and vinegar. She empties the bottles into the bath with her husband and the corpse. This does not help, though, so she gives him a shot of heroin, which frees him. They are both exhilarated. The visitor has filmed the whole scene. Later on, the couple is having fun dismembering the female co-worker\'s corpse when the son turns up in the front yard with the same children beating him. The parents rush out and with great pleasure they finally kill all the bullies using the axes and knives they were using to cut the co-worker\'s body to pieces. Later, their son is shown lying on the floor in the puddle of maternal milk. He thanks the visitor for the chaos he brought to their family which helped them become closer than ever. The visitor leaves the family. Afterwards, finding the prostitute daughter on the street, he hits her in the face with a rock. Beaten and bleeding, she comes back home to the family and finds the father suckling on the mother\'s breast in the garden. The final shot of the movie is of the daughter suckling on her mother\'s other breast, symbolizing the return of family order. All scars on the mother have disappeared, as have those on the daughter, shown seconds before , suggesting a symbolically healed family.'] ['J.C. Wiatt  is a driven Manhattan career woman  whose fast-paced lifestyle leaves her with no time for romance or relaxation, though she derives pleasure from her frantic schedule and demanding job. She works as a management consultant and lives with an investment banker  whose job and lifestyle are likewise hectic. Her life is thrown into turmoil when she inherits a toddler, Elizabeth , from a deceased cousin whom she hadn\'t seen since 1954. Soon, caring for the child occupies much of her time, and her business career begins to suffer, culminating in the loss of her boyfriend and job. Wiatt tries to give Elizabeth up for adoption, but finds that she has grown too attached to the child, forcing a reevaluation of her priorities. She moves into a house in the country in Vermont. Purchasing the home without first having seen it in person or having it inspected, she finds it is riddled with problems . Suffering a nervous breakdown and on the brink of financial collapse, she sees an opportunity to sell baby food applesauce she had concocted for Elizabeth made from fresh ingredients. Amid the clamor for her new products, she develops a relationship with local veterinarian Jeff Cooper . At first annoyed by him, she is opposed to Jeff\'s overtures and is focused now on as fast as possible to return to New York. Finding a buyer for the house proves almost impossible. After a rough start, she succeeds in selling her "Gourmet Baby Food", and soon business is booming. Finally, her old boss  and his client  take notice. They offer to buy her company for millions, take her product nationwide, and give her back her career and high-prestige lifestyle. On the brink of accepting, she decides that she can grow her enterprise on her own without having to sacrifice her personal life. She returns to Vermont to the arms of her new lover and adopted daughter.'] [' Daniel Hillard  is a talented, unemployed actor and a devoted father loved by his three children Chris , Lydia  and Natalie . However his marriage to his workaholic wife, Miranda , is increasingly strained as the uptight Miranda has grown to dislike her husband\'s immature and spontaneous behavior. Daniel hires a mobile petting zoo and throws a large birthday party for his son Chris, despite knowing his wife would not allow it. After receiving a complaint at her business from a neighbor, Miranda decides this is the last straw, and demands a divorce. Since Daniel has no steady source of income or home, Miranda gets primary custody of their children. Daniel has visitation rights limited to Saturday evenings, devastating him as he adores his children. The judge acknowledges this and agrees to consider a joint custody arrangement if Daniel can hold down a job and create a suitable home within three months. When Daniel learns that Miranda intends to hire a housekeeper, and is unwilling to let Daniel take care of the kids, he contacts Miranda by phone pretending to be an old lady. Asked his name, he looks at the newspaper and sees a headline containing the words "doubt fire", and says, "Doubtfire." Daniel uses his acting talents and enlists the help of his brother Frank , a makeup artist, and his partner Jack  to transform him into Mrs. Euphegenia Doubtfire, a 60 year old British nanny so he himself can apply for the position. Miranda is delighted with "Mrs. Doubtfire" and hires her on the spot. The two quickly begin to form a friendship, despite the children struggling to adjust to their new caretaker. Daniel, as Mrs. Doubtfire, is now able to see his kids every day, and uses this opportunity to be the firm father figure he wasn\'t before. Eventually the children begin to respond favourably to Mrs. Doubtfire\'s methods, and Miranda is able to heal her rocky relationship with them and with Daniel as well, who begins to improve himself through his alter ego by learning gourmet cooking and refurnishing his new apartment. For a while, Daniel is able to keep up the charade, despite nearly being discovered by his caseworker Mrs. Sellner , and attempting to break up his ex-wife\'s relationship with Stuart Denmeyer , her new boyfriend, who dislikes Daniel. He also realises he has trapped himself with the Mrs Doubtfire facade, as when he once again asks Miranda to take care of the children, she responds that she could never get rid of Mrs Doubtfire, as she has made their lives so much better. Daniel is discovered when Chris accidentally walks in on him using the bathroom standing up. He then explains to Lydia and Chris that he dresses as Mrs. Doubtfire only to see them every day. He also warns them not to tell their mother, as he would likely end up in jail and might never see the kids again, or Natalie, as she is too young to understand and might reveal the truth. Both children are happy to have their father back in their lives, and agree to keep the secret. Meanwhile, at the TV station where Daniel works as a shipping clerk, the station\'s CEO Jonathan Lundy  sees him clowning with toy dinosaurs on the set of a children\'s program and is impressed enough to schedule a dinner meeting to hear his ideas. Stuart plans to celebrate Miranda\'s birthday by taking the family out to the same restaurant at the same time, and Mrs. Doubtfire is also invited. Daniel tries to postpone his dinner with Lundy, but Lundy is fully booked, and Daniel realizes he cannot cancel the appointment. At the restaurant, Daniel attempts to rotate back and forth between Lundy and his family, using the restroom to change back and forth from himself to Mrs. Doubtfire. Daniel dumps cayenne pepper on Stuart\'s order of jambalaya, an ingredient that he is allergic to. He also becomes increasingly intoxicated throughout the evening and forgets to remove his costume before returning to Lundy\'s table. He covers for the mistake by explaining to Lundy that his alter ego is merely his idea for a new TV persona. Lundy is once again impressed, and agrees to develop the character into a possible television program. At that moment, Daniel notices that Stuart is choking on the pepper and, out of regret, administers the Heimlich maneuver. However, his mask tears off, revealing his true identity. Horrified and outraged at who her housekeeper really is, Miranda storms out with her children. At the later court hearing, Daniel makes an impassioned plea to the judge saying he created the disguise merely to spend time with his beloved children, but the judge gives Miranda full custody of the children while limiting Daniel to supervised visitation rights once a week, as he finds his behavior disturbing. Without Mrs. Doubtfire, the children again are withdrawn and depressed, and Miranda admits that their lives were so much better with her. However they are surprised and delighted to see Mrs. Doubtfire is the star of Lundy\'s new television program, "Euphegenia\'s House". It quickly becomes the highest-rated program in its timeslot, creating the possibility that the show will be aired nationwide. Upon realizing how unhappy the children are - and she herself is - without Mrs. Doubtfire, Miranda pays Daniel a visit on the set and tells him that she doesn\'t want to keep hurting the children over the custody issues, and that she knows the children were so much happier with Mrs. Doubtfire and therefore their father in their lives. She forgives him for his deceit, sorts things out with the courts, allowing Daniel unlimited access to the children, and the two make up. Daniel picks the kids up to spend an afternoon with them, while Miranda watches an episode of Daniel\'s show in which Mrs. Doubtfire answers a letter from another child of divorce asking for advice. She explains that no matter what type of living arrangement such children may have, love will maintain the bond of the family.'] ["Dr. Sullivan Travis   is a wealthy Dallas gynecologist for some of the wealthiest women in Texas who finds his life beginning to fall apart starting when his wife, Kate , suffers a nervous breakdown and is committed to the state mental hospital. Dr. T's eldest daughter, Dee Dee , is planning to go through with her approaching wedding despite the secret that she is romantically involved with Marilyn , the maid of honor. Dr. T's youngest daughter, Connie , is a spunky conspiracy theorist who has her own agenda, while Dr. T's loyal secretary, Carolyn , has romantic feelings for him, which are not mutual. Dr. T's sister-in-law, Peggy , meddles in every situation she stumbles into, while one woman, Bree , a golf instructor, offers him comfort."] ['Max Dugan , the long-lost father of Nora McPhee , drops in on her as various trials and tribulations have befallen her. With him, he brings some promises and the news of his impending death. He also meets and befriends his grandson Michael . Donald Sutherland plays the police officer who helps Nora after her car is stolen and becomes her boyfriend in the process. Former professional baseball player Charley Lau appears as himself having been hired by Dugan to coach Michael to hit better for his little league team.'] ["Bale plays Chris, a young married professional living an ordinary life in the fictional suburb of Eastwood near London in the late 1970s. Although he still loves his wife, Marion,  Chris still experiences boredom. A visit from an old friend, the carefree Toni, ([[Lee Ross  causes Chris to re-evaluate his life and to recall his time spent in Paris ten years before where he was in a relationship with an exciting French woman named Annick  and dreamed of becoming a photographer. Chris considers having sex with another woman at a party, until he discovers that Toni has arranged it for him in attempt to draw Chris out of his complacency. When Marion, who has herself resisted sexual advances from Toni, points out to Chris that Toni is actually jealous of all that Chris has, Chris realises that although his life may lack perpetual excitement he has made the right decisions and is content. The film explores the tension between the youthful idealism of a hedonistic existence and that of the inevitable middle-class establishment. 'Metroland' refers to the London suburbs which are served by the expansive Underground network, an environment that Chris and Toni had always promised themselves they would escape. The narrative format is largely the flashback, with extended portions showing Chris as a 21 year old living in Paris. The primary difference between this film and the 1980 novel Metroland on which it is based is the narrative structure: the book proceeds chronologically from Chris' youth to the early years of his marriage whereas the film uses flashbacks to his time in Paris. In the book Chris is a graduate student while in Paris, and has no interest in photography. Finally, in the book Chris' encounter with another woman at a party was not arranged by Toni, nor is there any indication that Toni has made a pass at Chris' wife Marion. Much of the dialogue from the book is preserved in the film."] ["The film follows the courtship and marriage of Catherine Falconetti  to local butcher Joseph Santangelo , as well as Catherine's relationship with her overbearing Old World mother-in-law . The film also focuses on Catherine and Joseph's daughter Teresa , a devout Catholic more similar to her superstitious grandmother than with her modernized and secularized parents. As a child and young adult she puts herself through a series of trials so that she might one day be canonized as a saint. Teresa's teenage fantasy to become a nun is strained after starting a relationship with a marriage-minded young man . The film explores both family dynamics over the course of time as well as, on a larger level, the relationship between religious faith in miracles and modernity."] ['Folks! tells the story of Jon Aldrich , a successful stockbroker who is living the good life with a wife and kids until his aging father with dementia accidentally burns down his own house. Jon tries to get his sister, Arlene Aldrich  who has two sons of her own but is an irresponsible gold digger, but she won\'t even open the door. As a result his father Harry Aldrich/Pop  and his mother Mildred Alrdich  have to move in with him and his family. That is the moment that his good life starts going down hill. The company he works for was apparently doing illegal things which Jon knew nothing of, but no one believes him therefore he loses his job. The problems for Jon continue to mount up as the family becomes broke, his wife Audrey  thinks moves out with the kids, and they lose all their furniture and belongs except their apartment. Harry continues to unintentionally injure Jon, causing him hearing lost, a broken hand, a car runs over his foot, and he manages to lose a testicle. Jon slowly starts to lose his own sanity, but in a brief moment of his own sanity Harry tells Jon that he never wanted to be a burden on him but he soon slips back into his state of dementia, where he is just happy all the time and often yells out "McDonalds". Jon talks with his mother who also says that she and his father never wanted to be a burden on him. She then tells him that she and his father have discussed it, and they want Jon to help them die so he can collect the insurance money. Jon is totally against this at first but after a while he changes his tune. Jon helps his parents try to commit suicide many unsuccessful times and half way through the attempts Jon\'s sister Arlene shows up on his doorsteps with both of her corpulent sons in need of a place to live. Jon refuses at first due to the fact that she would not even open the door for them but he eventually caves in and lets them stay. Arlene also joins in on the attempts to help their parents die, hoping for a cut of the insurance money. Though her attempts are also unsuccessful. Things slowly start looking up for Jon as Audrey eventually shows up home to tell John she was wrong for leaving and how much she loves the fact that he was willing to take in both of his parents. Upon her arrival she realizes all all the injuries Jon has suffered since she saw him last, including the missing testicle. As they are reconciling Jon realizes that Arlene and his parents are gone and he knows they are going to try to commit suicide again with the help of his sister, so he tracks them down in an attempt to stop them which he successfully does, but not without facing a bit more injury. Alrdich eventually get their lives on track. Jon and Audrey buy a house and Jon\'s parents live with them. Arlene is now with a man who knows how to handle her bad behaving children. At the end we finally find out that Harry hasn\'t been yelling McDonalds because he was hungry, he was yelling it because he bought stock in McDonnell Douglas years and years ago, meaning he is worth tons of money.'] ['Jeannie has been a happily married housewife for 15 years to her astronaut husband Tony Nelson and has a teenage son, T.J. When Tony is promoted to Colonel and is about to retire from the NASA space program, Jeannie decides to give him a celebration party in their backyard. However, egged on by his colleagues to retire with a dramatic flair, Tony breaks his promise to Jeannie for one more space flight , this time with a female astronaut, Captain Nelly Hunt. Jeannie is furious, so she decides to separate from her husband temporarily to be a more independent modern woman. In the meantime, Jeannie\'s always-scheming evil sister, Jeannie II is determined to have Tony for herself and she teams up with Haji, the chief genie , to break up her sister\'s marriage. Jeannie II traps her sister in a bottle with a special stopper, that nobody but another genie could open. Meanwhile, Tony\'s space flight is in trouble; the engines won\'t fire and the shuttle\'s on collision course with a meteoroid. When T.J. comes home and hears his mother trapped in the bottle, he attempts to open the bottle, but after many times of blinking, like his mother does to invoke her powers, the stopper moves, which shows that T.J. also had inherited his mother\'s powers and is a genie. After blinking, and releasing his mother from her prison, Jeannie and T.J. go to Haji, explaining the trick. Rules must have changed since 1970, because Jeannie now needs special dispensation from the chief of genies in order to do something major, like saving a human life. Haji will give Jeannie that special dispensation... if she agrees to end her relationship with Tony. T.J. tells his mother that they\'ll lose dad either way, so they might as well do it so Tony lives. Jeannie invokes her magic, saving the shuttle from certain doom, and it is able to return to the ground. However, Jeannie got Haji to agree to one final night together for her and Tony, allowing Jeannie to say farewell to Tony in her heart. Jeannie then alters the bedroom and then the house to what it might look like if Tony was a bachelor; doubtless, Haji arranged for everyone to forget about Jeannie. With T.J., Jeannie moves on with her life. The final scene shows Jeannie and Tony passing each other on the street, and Jeannie magically gets Tony\'s attention, indicating that they will in fact find each other again. Before the movie ends, Jeannie says "Haji made me agree to an ending. He never said there couldn\'t be a new beginning". The movies ends with Tony following Jeannie down the street.'] ['Young Sharon Curley becomes pregnant, but refuses to tell anyone who the father is. She decides to keep the baby  and her family, each in their own way, eventually decides to support her. Her father particularly studies up on childbirth and female anatomy . Soon after a wild night at the pub, twenty-year-old Sharon Curley  finds herself expecting a little "snapper" by a man she loathes. Her refusal to name the father sets in motion a family drama involving her three brothers, two sisters, and her parents, along with her employers and all her friends. Kellegher, playing the role as a coarse, earthy, yet remarkably sensible young woman  soon discovers who her friends really are, as some people tease and torment her, some make remarks to her siblings, some force her father to take direct action in her defense, and all spread gossip. Des Curley , Sharon\'s father, shows the whole world in his face, his emotions ranging from outrage toward Sharon for embarrassing the family to tender concern as her time draws near. As the eight-member family trips all over each other emotionally , the tensions within the family grow more intense. Widespread speculation about who the father is disrupts the neighborhood, with some hotheads visiting their own brand of justice on the Curleys. The arrival of the baby offers a chance at resolution. It turns out that Sharon\'s friend\'s father, Georgie Burgess, got her pregnant by taking advantage of her while she was drunk. Sharon\'s story is that it was a Spanish sailor, but the whole town suspects the truth.'] ['The Baker family begins to undergo many changes, beginning with Lorraine  and her desire to study in New York. Their oldest daughter Nora  is now married to Bud McNulty ([[Jonathan Bennett  and heavily pregnant, but the couple intend to move to Houston because of Bud\'s new job promotion. Feeling that the family is breaking apart as the children grow up and move away, Tom  persuades the entire family to take one last family vacation all together at Lake Winnetka. Tom\'s old rival Jimmy Murtaugh  and his large family  are also there for the summer. Jimmy constantly flaunts his wealth and success to Tom, as well of the accomplishments of his children, often suggesting to Tom that the Baker children are less successful because of Tom\'s parenting style. The Baker kids get into many accidents, many of which are accidental. Some examples are short scenes, such as the scene where Mark Baker , along with Kenny Murtaugh, crash into a tennis court with a golf cart and ruin the court, Sarah Baker  stealing merchandise from a gift shop, and Mark Baker accidentally setting a backpack of fireworks on fire, causing widespread panic, especially when the backpack of fireworks is thrown into a boat, igniting the boat\'s engine and causing it to explode. Jimmy again starts the topic that Tom needs to use a firmer hand on his kids. Tom is angered by this and they decide to settle the matter using the Annual Family Cup. Tom trains the kids for days, not realizing that they are miserable. Soon Sarah and Elliot Murtaugh  go on a date at a Movie theater watching Ice Age, where they are spied on by their fathers, leading an argument between the two and humiliating their children. Sarah is furious and refuses to compete for her father in the "stupid cup!" while Elliott rebels against his father and continues to spend time with Sarah. Everyone, including Kate, is angry with Tom; for not only spying on Sarah, but for also ruining the entire trip by his competitiveness with the Murtaugh family. Tom goes to the Annual Family Games to compete for the cup with Nigel and Kyle . Kate and the rest of the family soon show up, showing that they forgive Tom and are willing to compete for the cup. Unfortunately, the Murtaughs and the Bakers are both tied. In order to choose who win and who is 2nd place, every member from each family must work together and compete against the opposing family in a canoe race. During the canoe race, Nora\'s water breaks. So the Bakers and the Murtaughs work together to get Nora to the hospital as she goes into labor. While Bud, Lorraine and Kate go with Nora in the emergency room, Tom, Jimmy and the rest of the kids wait in the waiting room. While talking to Jimmy, Tom realizes that he has to let his kids grow, but wherever they go, they will always be with him; and he will always be with them. Then Bud tells Tom that he now owns the "The Big House."  Nora then gives birth to a baby boy whom they name Tom in honor of her father, who has shown them "there is no way to be a perfect parent, but a million ways to be a really good one." The movie ends with the Murtaughs and the Bakers having a barbecue at their cottage. While Tom and Kate are dancing on the end of the boardwalk, it breaks loose from the dock and begins to float away, but the two ignore it and continue dancing while the credits roll.'] ['Danielle Billard, aged 82, is a childless widow of an army colonel. She lives in a small-town home in Auxerre with her faithful housekeeper, Odile. Quiet life? Things are not as they appear. Danielle is mean, cruel and malicious. When Odile "accidentally" dies, Danielle divides her estate between her grand-niece and grand-nephew, Jeanne and Jean-Pierre. She then goes to live in Paris with Jean-Pierre and his family. Although the family believes her to be an agreeable elderly lady, they soon discover her true colours! The family goes on an extended vacation leaving their aunt in the care of a young woman, Sandrine. Little does Danielle know, she has finally met her match! Through many turbulant episodes these two women develop an ostensibly mutual love-hate "respect".'] ['The plot takes place on Thanksgiving, in which four ethnically diverse families -- Vietnamese, Latino, Jewish, and African American -- gather for the traditional meal. But each family has its own distinct set of problems, and hilarity ensues.'] ['Terri Venessi , a local deli girl, always seems to be at odds with the cheerleading captain, Karen Ridgeway . One day their pranks on each other go too far and the school has to close as a result. The girls have to perform community service. A juvenile counselor tells them that the girls should switch lives for a while to experience the other girl\'s life. The counselor also notices that both mothers act the same way toward each other. Reluctantly, the girls and their families agree. Karen\'s family is quite affluent, but both parents work and are gone quite a bit. As a result, Karen, when she was home had to take care of Karen\'s little sister, Tiffany , and now Terri must. During the switch, Terri learns that Karen never stands up for herself to her mom  who grew up in the neighborhood with Terri\'s mom, and is now a social climber. While at Karen\'s, Terri and Karen\'s brother David  discover they like each other, especially after Karen gives Terri a "makeover." At Terri\'s, Karen is living with her mother , a widow, and grandfather Papa Tognetti . Terri\'s is a blue-collar family that runs an Italian deli. Karen\'s friends make fun of Terri and now are making fun of Karen, who discovers that her "friends" are very superficial. Her "best friend" Nicole Henderson  starts snubbing her and even tries to steal her boyfriend Chad Elkins , which causes problems for the couple. She also discovers that Terri\'s mom is much more "hands on" than her own mother and doesn\'t like things to change. She also can be a bit controlling. As a result of the switch, Millie  and Grace  gain perspective and restore their friendship. They apparently had a falling out when they were teens. Grandpa moves to a retirement village. Terri and Karen discover they like themselves and each other. Millie decides her family is more important than her clubs and Grace quits trying to hide in the past and embrace life again. Everyone benefits from the Mom Swap, especially Terri and David, who go to Prom together, and Karen and Chad, Prom Queen and King. Karen and Terri end up as best friends.'] ['This film tells the story of a semi-retired and widowed Chinese master chef at the Taipei Grand Hotel. Chef Chu  and his family are living in modern day Taipei, Taiwan. At the start of the film, he lives with his three attractive daughters, all of whom are unattached. The three daughters are: * Jia-Jen, the oldest one , a school teacher nursing a broken heart * Jia-Chien, the middle one , a career woman * Jia-Ning, the youngest one , a twenty year old As the film progresses, each daughter encounters new men. When these new relationships blossom, their roles are broken and the living situation within the family changes. The father eventually brings the greatest surprise to the audience at the end of the story.'] ["In 2002, Julie Powell  is a young writer with an unpleasant job at the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation's call center, where she answers telephone calls from victims of the September 11 attacks and members of the general public complaining about the LMDC's controversial plans for rebuilding the World Trade Center. To do something she enjoys, she decides to cook every recipe in Mastering the Art of French Cooking  by Julia Child  in one year; Powell decides to write a blog to motivate herself and document her progress. Woven into the story of Powell's time in Queens in the early 2000s is the story of Child's time in Paris throughout the 1950s, where she attends Le Cordon Bleu to learn French cooking and begins collaborating on a book about French cooking for American housewives. The plot highlights similarities in the women's challenges. Both women receive much support from their husbands, except when Powell's husband becomes fed up with her excessive devotion to her hobby and leaves her for a short time. Eventually, Powell's blog is featured in a story published in The New York Times, after which her project begins to receive the attention of journalists, literary agents, publishers, and a dismissive response from Child herself. Although Child's book is rejected by Houghton Mifflin, it is accepted and published by Alfred A. Knopf. The last scene shows Powell and her husband visiting Child's kitchen at the Smithsonian Institution and Child in the same kitchen receiving a first print of her cookbook and celebrating the event with her husband."] ['When a small Mississippi town\'s wealthy dowager Jewel-Mae "Cookie" Orcutt  tires of her widowed life, she decides to take one of her late-husband Buck\'s pistols from the gun cabinet and kill herself. She is discovered by her pretentious playwright niece, Camille , and Camille\'s eccentrically odd and adorably shy younger sister, Cora , who plot to set the suicide up as a murder to preserve the family\'s reputation and ensconce themselves in the family mansion. The family of eccentrics is rounded out by Cora\'s wayward outlaw of a daughter, Emma . Emma has a love interest and inept jailer, Jason . The key suspect is Willis , Cookie\'s handyman, who happens to have cleaned the guns the night before Cookie\'s death. What follows is a tale of how a shocking incident casts a ripple among a group of small-town oddballs.'] ['Teenager Dedee Truitt  runs away from home after her stepfather\'s funeral and moves in with her half-brother Bill , a gay teacher in a conservative, suburban community in Saint Joseph County, Indiana. Dedee seduces Bill\'s young lover, Matt , then tricks him into believing he has impregnated her. In fact, the father of her child is her ex-boyfriend Randy Cates . She and Matt elope, leaving Bill and the uptight Lucia , the sister of Bill\'s deceased partner Tom, to track them down and sort out the mess. In the meantime, Matt\'s "bit on the side," Jason Bock , attempts to blackmail Bill in order to track down Matt, claiming Bill sexually assaulted him while he was a student. Bill and Lucia find Dedee and Matt, only to discover Dedee has stolen Tom\'s ashes and is holding them for ransom. Randy also finds Dedee; they inform Matt that they are taking the ashes and moving to have the baby elsewhere. They escape but soon get into an argument that leads to Dedee accidentally shooting Randy. She and Matt escape to Canada, and Bill eventually finds them. After giving birth to Randy Jr., Dedee returns Tom\'s ashes to Bill, apologizing for her actions in the past year. After a few months in prison, she moves back in with Bill, while Matt and Jason go traveling together, and Lucia marries her old friend Carl . Eventually, Dedee decides that Randy Jr. would be better off alone with Bill  and runs away. Narrating the ending, Dedee sarcastically concludes that sex is precisely the opposite of what people should want, leading as it does to kids, disease or, worst of all, relationships. At the end of the film, the vignettes of the various caring relationships among the characters show the opposite of superficial sexual gratification.'] ["Stewart stars as Prof. Robert Leaf, an American college professor with a genius son, the precocious Erasmus . After using his skills for gambling at the racetrack, Erasmus becomes infatuated with model and actress Brigitte Bardot . Through his love letters, Erasmus is invited to visit Brigitte in France, and Stewart follows along. Prof. Leaf uses his son's talent to raise funds for liberal arts college scholarships with the assistance of con-man Peregrine Upjohn who plans to abscond with the funds."] ["Overworked air-traffic controller Jack Chester takes his wife Sandy and children Jennifer, Bobby and Laurie on a summer vacation from the Atlanta area to fictitious Citrus Cove, Florida, during which they are constantly beset by a never-ending barrage of problems. First they move into the wrong house by mistake, then Jack receives a leg injury that prevents him from being able to spend time with his family. The family ends up in a fairly decrepit shack on a public beach in Florida, with a constant stream of vacationers tromping through. Jack locks horns with pompous local sailing champion Al Pellet, the owner of this dubious piece of real estate. About to be evicted early, Jack proposes a wager -- if he can win this year's regatta, Al must allow the Chesters to stay rent-free. The trouble is, Jack hasn't sailed for many years and he doesn't even have a boat. Scully, a local saloon keeper with a pirate's mentality, befriends Jack and volunteers to help him on both counts. The bored Chesters come to life by helping Jack make his new vessel seaworthy. This motley crew is at first glance no match for Al or anybody else in the race, but a strong breeze and a large pair of pants enable Jack to enjoy a victory at sea."] ['The film is based on a stand-up routine of Robin Harris that is shown in a brief live-action segment at the beginning of the film. The story of the film begins with an animated version of Harris woefully recounting his troubles to a blind bartender. He traces his problems all the way back to Jamika, an attractive woman that he met at a funeral. Outside the premises, Robin approaches Jamika and asks her out. Jamika picks up her mild-mannered son, Leon, from the babysitter and invites Robin to come along with her to an amusement park named Fun World, to which Robin agrees. The next day, Jamika introduces Robin to the children of her friend Bébé: Kahlil, LaShawn, and Pee-Wee. The group travels to Fun World, but are confronted by security before they can enter and are warned that they are being watched. Upon entering the park, the kids are set loose and promptly wreak havoc. After finally calming the kids down, Robin runs into his obnoxious ex-wife, Dorthea. After going on a couple of rides, Robin and Jamika let the kids off on their own again as they attempt to enjoy a ride through the Tunnel of Love, where Jamika commends Robin for his endurance. As Robin and Jamika go on a trip, Leon tries to fit himself in with Bébé\'s Kids, but is unsuccessful. The kids then resume their trouble until they are caught by the security. However, they escape from the security\'s trap and convince a bunch of other kids to spread the chaos. Meanwhile, Dorthea and her food-loving friend, Vivian, attempt to sabotage the growing relationship between Robin and Jamika, but are thwarted by Robin\'s mother insults. Elsewhere, in an abandoned building, Leon and Bébé\'s Kids are captured by robot versions of the Terminator, Abraham Lincoln, a bear, and Richard Nixon and are put on trial, in which the Terminator acts as the judge who decides whether the kids are worth sending to the electric chair, while Lincoln acts as the kids\' lawyer, and Nixon acts as the prosecutor. The kids win their freedom through the power of rap, then celebrate their victory by stealing a pirate ship and crashing it into an ocean liner. Robin and Jamika finally leave Fun World with the kids, as the park literally begins to fall apart. When a cop drives by, Robin tries to get the cop\'s attention; the cop flees after yelling "Uh oh, those are Bébé\'s Kids!" . Robin drops Bébé\'s Kids off at their apartment, where he sees just how lonely their life really is. Bébé still has not returned home and left a note asking Jamika to feed the kids. Back at the bar, Robin has a change of heart and goes back to the kids to hang out with them longer. They then go to Las Vegas, where Bébé\'s Kids are recognized and everyone runs away screaming. Pee-Wee pulls a plug that lights the entire city causing a blackout.'] ['In Los Angeles, California Fletcher Reede  is a career-focused lawyer and divorced father. He loves spending time with his young son Max ([[Justin Cooper ; they often play a game where Fletcher makes his hand into "the Claw" and pretends to chase Max with it. But Fletcher has a habit of giving precedence to his job, breaking promises to Max and his ex-wife Audrey , and then lying about the reasons. Fletcher\'s compulsive lying has also built him a reputation as one of the best defense lawyers in the state of California as he is climbing the ladder in the firm for which he works. Ultimately, Fletcher misses his son\'s fifth birthday party because he is having sex with his boss Miranda , in the hopes of making partner. Max makes a birthday wish that his father would be unable to tell a lie for an entire day &mdash; a wish that immediately becomes true. Fletcher soon discovers, through a series of embarrassing incidents &mdash; such as when he tells Miranda that he has "had better" sex than he just did with her &mdash; that he is unable to lie, mislead, or even withhold a true answer. These incidents are inconvenient, as he is fighting a divorce case in court which, should he win, could be a huge boost to his career. His client is the self-centered, money grabbing Samantha Cole . His main witness is willing to commit perjury to win, but Fletcher discovers that he cannot even ask a question if he knows the answer will be a lie; during the case he even objects to himself when he tries to lie to get the desired information. Meanwhile, Audrey is planning to move to Boston with her new boyfriend Jerry , and decides that Max is going with them so that she can protect him from getting hurt by Fletcher. Fletcher tries desperately to delay the case, even beating himself up, but he cannot conceal that he is able to continue, so the judge  insists that he does. Finally he realizes that his client had lied about her age and therefore had signed her prenuptial agreement while a minor, rendering it invalid. This allows him to win his case truthfully, but the repercussions become a catalyst to his understanding of what he himself is about to lose. Samantha who only cared about her ex-husband\'s money, takes custody of her children purely so her ex-husband would be forced to continue paying her for child care and literally pulls the children out of the arms of their responsible and caring father. Fletcher then has a crisis of conscience and shouts at the judge to reverse the decision, and is taken to jail for contempt of court. Audrey refuses to pay his bail, which is eventually paid by his secretary Greta , who forgives him for his earlier rude truth-tellings after hearing he "went all noble" in front of their firm\'s senior partner. Now recognizing his son Max as his highest priority, Fletcher struggles to keep him. He hurries to the airport, but Audrey and Max\'s plane has already left the terminal. Desperate, he hijacks a mobile stairway and pursues the plane onto the runway. The plane finally stops, but Fletcher is injured. On his way to the hospital, he vows to his son to spend more time with him and never hurt him again. Even though the 24 hours of truth are up, Max knows he means it, and Audrey decides not to move to Boston with Jerry after all. One year later, Fletcher and Audrey are celebrating Max\'s birthday. The lights go off when Max blows out his birthday candles. When they go back on, Fletcher and Audrey are kissing. Fletcher asks Max if he wished for his mom and his dad to get back together and Max replies "No, I wished for roller blades!" The family seemingly returns to normal as Fletcher chases Audrey and Max around the house with "the Claw".'] ["Laurent  and Loli  are a thirty-ish married couple living in southern France with their young children. He is an estate agent; she is a housewife. Laurent has extramarital affairs. Loli is unaware that her husband is unfaithful. Then one day, a campervan breaks down in front of their house. The driver is Marijo , a 40s-ish butch lesbian who works as a DJ. She asks to use their phone. Loli has a blocked sink, so in exchange for using the phone, Marijo gets Loli's drain back in working order. Loli and Marijo begin an affair. Laurent is upset, but then his friend Antoine  accidentally reveals Laurent's philandering to Loli. This seems to justify her romance. Marijo moves into the house. Antoine then suggests that Laurent let Loli have her way, cease all hostility, and wait for the affair to burn out. Laurent agrees, and the household becomes a seemingly idyllic ménage à trois. But his strategy has its effect, especially after another lesbian couple, old friends of Marijo, happen by. Laurent welcomes them, but Loli becomes annoyed and jealous. Marijo decides that the situation is not really going to work. She knows that Laurent wants her to leave. While Loli is away on a trip, Marijo makes a deal with Laurent. She will break up with Loli and leave immediately, if Laurent will give her something she has wanted for years: a baby. Laurent has sex with Marijo to get her pregnant, and Marijo departs before Loli returns. Laurent tells Loli nothing, as agreed with Marijo. Laurent and Loli settle back down to their old life, but their relationship has been deeply affected. Then Loli hears from a mutual acquaintance that Marijo is living in Paris and is several months pregnant. Loli is astonished and shocked. She insists that she and Laurent go to Paris and contact Marijo. They find her working as a DJ in a lesbian dance club. Their intrusion provokes a quarrel with the club owner, who fires Marijo. Loli and Laurent take her back to their home, where she has her baby. The ménage à trois is re-established, with the two mothers caring for their children. As a final twist, a handsome man  moves into the neighbourhood and he and Laurent gaze into each other's eyes..."] ["Nick Persons  sold his collectables store and has had Suzanne , Kevin  and Lindsey  move into his apartment after Suzanne and Nick were married. While getting ready for an interview with Magic Johnson, Suzanne tells Nick that she is pregnant. While at a bar talking to his friend, Suzanne comes in and tells Nick they are having twins. For more space, Suzanne and Nick go check out a house even though Lindsey and Kevin are against it. In the house, they meet Chuck Mitchell Jr. . After some talking, Nick decides to take the house. They find out that the house has mold and Nick did not get the house inspected.Throughout most of the movie Nick is angry with Chuck, and at one point Lindsey sneaks out to go to a party, which Nick finds out about and grounds her. Now with the whole family against Nick, he has more to come when Chuck almosts destroys their house, so Nick fires him. Because Nick fired Chuck, Suzanne, Lindsey, and Kevin move out, to the guest house; in Suzanne's words,  Your the one who's tearing this family apart! After some time to think, Nick decides to fix the house on his own and apologizes to Chuck. So in loyalty Chuck brings his friends back to finish the house, including Lindsey and Kevin. When Suzanne goes into labor and the hospital 30 minutes away, Nick and Lindsey have to deliver the babies. Chuck tries to get there, but his truck breaks down. He power walks down to the house. While she's still in labor, Nick gets a call from Magic. After Suzanne gives birth to twins, the movie fast forwards to six months later in their backyard. There is a major barbecue and Nick presents his new magazine to everyone. As the credits come, there are pictures of blueprints and an animated family representing the Persons family."] ['Carl , Ed , Frank , Carl , and Patti McTeague  are the greedy relatives of a wealthy, wheelchair-bound scrap-metal tycoon Uncle Joe McTeague . They continually suck up to him and try to outdo each other in order to inherit his millions for when he passes away. With their attempts constantly failing and irritable Uncle Joe showing a decided interest in his new sexy "nurse" Molly , Frank decides to hire a private detective named Laura  to bring in his brother Daniel  believing if they can make up, Uncle Joe will thaw towards them. Instead of finding Daniel, Laura finds his son Danny  of whom Uncle Joe had always been especially fond when he was a little kid. Professional bowler Danny left the family with his father, but he accepts the cousins\' invitation to return — after rolling a gutter ball in a big tournament and finding out that he has a pre-arthritic condition developing in his wrist. Danny\'s television sports producer girlfriend Robin  encourages him to ask Uncle Joe for a loan to invest in a bowling alley. A typically rude and crude Joe says he will lend the money only if Danny sides with him against his own father. Danny is offended and leaves with his girlfriend, much to the annoyance of the other relatives. They confront Molly later on and she realizes just how conniving and desperate they are for Uncle Joe\'s money. Uncle Joe asks Danny to visit him at his scrapyard, to apologize for trying to bribe him with money, but the old man soon receives a phone call telling him that he\'s going out of business. Realizing that his relatives could declare him incompetent and throw him in a retirement home, he tells Danny that he plans to hand his fortune over to Molly. But Danny realizes how much he\'d like to inherit his fortune and tells him not to rush into anything. Danny moves in with Uncle Joe and starts competing for his money, even so far as to sing a Jimmy Durante song with him that Joe loved him to perform as a little kid. But Molly has other ideas and decides to use her "assets" to outdo Danny and have sex with the old man, if only to keep the relatives from getting his money. But after her successful attempt to get Joe in the bedroom, they are interrupted by Danny\'s father Daniel and he and Danny engage in an heated argument, in which Danny chooses Uncle Joe over him. Molly feels disgusted with herself for almost having sex with Joe and tells Danny she has to leave, but not before Danny promises to look after Joe. However, Danny tells Robin that he\'d actually hired an actor  to play his "so-called" father, to win favor with his Uncle, and she feels he\'s become too greedy and leaves him. At Joe\'s attorney\'s office, Danny is ready to inherit Joe\'s fortune when his relatives arrive with his real father. Danny admits to him that he\'s become as bad as the rest of the family. But it soon becomes apparent that Uncle Joe is not only bankrupt, he is swimming in debt. After a big scene that involves Frank fighting Danny, the relatives leave and Joe tells Danny that he was simply "playing them" to find out who actually loved him. Danny tells him "nobody loves you." Danny leaves to make up with Robin where he has a message written out during a game saying "He was broke," but she makes him realize that he still cares about his uncle. When Danny asks Douglas where Uncle Joe is, Douglas states that he doesn\'t know. With ill health, no money and no place to stay, Danny and Robin decide to let Joe stay with them in their apartment. But Joe gives them another surprise, and reveals that he\'s not really broke and still has a fortune as he has them look outside to find Molly and Douglas outside. He offers the two of them to stay with him "Whatever I own, you own". The film ends with Uncle Joe calmly getting up out of his wheelchair and exiting their apartment whilst Danny and Robin watch in awe.'] ['Kevin Franklin  is an inner-city Pittsburgh native; raised in an orphanage, has delusions of grandeur, and talks about getting rich and driving a Porsche one day. 25 years later, Franklin drives a rusted MG Midget and all his ambitions revolve around a series of ill-fated get-rich-quick schemes. A handshake loan of $5,000 from the mob grows to $50,000 through interest and penalties, resulting in his trying to skip town at Pittsburgh International Airport. Franklin overhears a conversation between lawyer Gary Young  and his children, who are waiting to pick up his childhood friend Derek Bond, who is now a successful, straight-laced and vegetarian dentist. Upon hearing him say that he hasn\'t seen Bond in 25 years and doesn\'t know what he looks like, Franklin gives his ball cap to the real Bond to throw off the two dim-witted mobsters chasing him and poses as Bond to the Youngs, who take him to their posh home in Sewickley. Although he knows nothing about dentistry, Franklin still manages to convince those around him that he is in fact Derek Bond, and his affable personality makes him popular with Young\'s otherwise stuffy and rich neighbors and associates. Young has little time for his children and his wife\'s new frozen yogurt business, which gradually builds a gap between them, largely due to the demands of his bigoted, arrogant boss  at the law firm where he works; this leads to Franklin developing a bond with Young\'s Goth daughter, helping her stand up to her cheating boyfriend, and his young son, who has aspirations of playing pro basketball. Young eventually stands up to his boss with Franklin\'s support and quits the firm to be with his family. Meanwhile, the mob thugs threaten Franklin\'s best friend Larry  into revealing his whereabouts, and Franklin asks him to pick him up. After he does so reluctantly, he sparks an argument with him over his lack of appreciation of friendship, causing him to realize that Young has been his friend all along. He returns to the Youngs only to find that the mobsters have taken them hostage, and his true identity is revealed when the real Derek Bond finally shows up. After the mobsters take Franklin away, he manages to escape, losing them in a charity marathon, where he meets up with Young, who graciously decides to help him despite his charade, in return for helping bring his family closer together. Franklin reveals that he has an instant lottery ticket he purchased the previous day for a chance at a $1,000,000 cash prize spin on a Saturday night TV show, which he reluctantly gives up to the mobsters in exchange for the forgiveness of his debt. The film fast forwards to wintertime, Franklin parallel parks a shiny new red Porsche with Larry in tow, in front of the Youngs\' house, appearing for a promotional party for his new best-seller book "Handbook for Houseguests", based on his experiences with them. The partygoers gather in front of the TV to watch the mobsters spin the wheel for the jackpot. The wheel initially lands on the million dollar jackpot, but then falls and lands on $5000, much to the mafia don\'s dismay and Franklin\'s delight. During the closing credits, Young and Franklin sing a medley of food-based parodies of Christmas songs as they cook a barbecue in Young\'s backyard.'] ["All Morrie's wife wants is to start a family. But when Morrie's two siblings show up needing a place to stay will they be able to juggle the pressure, or will it all be too much? Stars Matthew Perry and Lauren Graham."] ['Abraham Rodriguez, known as Popi to his sons Luis and Junior, supports them by working three jobs, leaving him little time to supervise them. He hopes to earn enough to marry his girlfriend Lupe and move the family into a better home in Brooklyn. Then reality crashes in as the boys see gangs do violence in the neighborhood and are even victimized when their clothes are stolen from them. Realizing his boys have a better chance of making good as political refugees than products of the ghetto in which he\'s raising them, he plots to set them adrift in a rowboat off the coast of Miami Beach in the hope they will be mistaken for escapees from Cuba and offered asylum. After teaching them how to row a boat in the lake in Central Park and how to handle a motorboat on the East River, they depart for Florida. Popi steals a boat and tells the boys to take it out until they run out of fuel, then remove the outboard motor and begin to row back to shore. When he is unable to alert the Coast Guard to their plight, he fears they are lost until he hears a report about the heroic rescue of two young "Cuban" boys. Luis and Junior, suffering from dehydration and severe sunburn, are hospitalized, and soon find themselves indundated with flowers and toys from thousands of well-wishers, many of whom offer to adopt them. Wearing a disguise, Popi sneaks into their hospital room and tries to convince them they are better off being raised by wealthy parents. The three begin to argue loudly, alerting the staff and prompting Popi to flee, followed by his sons. Much to the relief of the boys, their hoax is exposed, and they happily return to their impoverished life in the barrio with their loving father.'] ["When Todd Andersen  has just signed a $30 million contract with his hometown basketball team the New Jersey Nets, he purchases many new luxuries for himself and his family including a new house in a well established, high class neighborhood for him and his gold digging girlfriend Brittany . Keeping with family tradition, he decides to host a regular family reunion cookout in his new place, however, not planning for it to clash with an important business meeting for an endorsement deal. Meanwhile, street thug Bling Bling  is jealous that Todd has made it with his basketball contract after being insulted and embarrassed in front of the neighborhood when Todd did not recognize who he was. He plans to get many pairs of sneakers signed by the upcoming star to sell on eBay and become rich. Whilst on his way to Todd's new house, he crashes his car due to his clumsy friend and then tries to steal a new Mercedes from a car park without realizing the car belongs to Todd's girlfriend Brittany. After finding out he holds her at gunpoint and forces her to drive him there. Although the meeting is scheduled to take place in the morning, and the guests are to arrive in the afternoon, one by one members of Todd's eccentric family being to arrive before expected disrupting his business interview. The neighbors are drawn to the cookout, and Todd is concerned mainly about his image, as his family's antics are making a poor impression on his neighbors. When Bling Bling and his criminal sidekick invade the cookout so they can get Todd's autograph, the ensuing chaos makes Todd realize how much he needs his family. He realizes that he loves the family for the way they are and gets a shock by the endorsement interviewer."] ['The NDR series robot "Andrew"  is introduced in 2005 into the Martin family home to perform housekeeping and maintenance duties. The family\'s reactions range from acceptance and curiosity to outright rejection and deliberate vandalism by their surly older daughter Grace , which leads to the discovery that Andrew can both identify emotions and reciprocate in kind. When Andrew accidentally breaks a figurine belonging to "Little Miss" Amanda , he carves a replacement out of wood. The family is astonished by this creativity and “Sir” Richard Martin  takes Andrew to his manufacturer, to inquire if all the robots are like him. The CEO of the company  sees this development as a problem and wishes to scrap Andrew. Angered, Martin takes Andrew home and allows him to pursue his own development, encouraging Andrew to educate himself in the humanities. Years later, following an accident in which Andrew\'s thumb is accidentally cut off, Martin again takes him to NorthAm Robotics for repairs, ensuring first that Andrew\'s personality will remain unharmed. Andrew requests that while he is being repaired his face be upgraded to allow him to convey the emotions he feels but cannot fully express. The CEO informs them that upgrade modification will be very expensive -- in fact, larger than the sum he earns in an entire year -- the price is well within the Martins\' means, comprising a month of Andrew\'s income from the sale of his carpentry and other woodworks and crafts. After the wedding of Little Miss , Andrew realizes there are no more orders for him to run. He eventually asks for his freedom, much to Martin\'s dismay. He grants the request, but banishes Andrew so he can be "completely" free. As Andrew leaves, Martin comments that he has stopped referring to himself as "one". Andrew builds himself a home at the beach and lives alone. In 2048, Andrew sees Martin one last time on his deathbed. Martin apologizes for banishing him as he silently says his goodbye to Andrew who states it was an honor serving him. After help from Little Miss\' reluctant son Lloyd Charney , Andrew goes on a quest to locate more NDR series robots to discover if others have also developed sentience. After years of failure, he finds Galatea , an NDR robot that has been given feminine attributes and personality. These however are simply aspects of her programming and not something which she developed as with Andrew. Galatea is owned by Rupert Burns , son of the original NDR robot designer. Rupert works to create a more human look for robots, but is unable to attract funding. Andrew agrees to finance the research and the two join forces to give Andrew artificial human face and hair. He also maintains contact with Little Miss over the years. In 2068, Andrew comes back to greet Little Miss but instead meets Portia Charney , her granddaughter  who looks exactly like a younger Little Miss. The now aged Little Miss explains to Andrew that it\'s a genetic likeness that skipped a generation. In 2070, Andrew comes to the hospital to see Little Miss one last time, he notices the horse he carved for her when she was young. She silently passes away, and Andrew feels the pain of not being able to cry and realizes that every human being he cares for will eventually die. Over time, Andrew and Rupert begin to study medicine and designs mechanical equivalents of human organs, including a central nervous system, which eventually allows Andrew to acquire tactile sensations. Meanwhile, his friendship with Portia evolves into romance. At first, Portia is uncertain about "investing her emotions in a machine" and almost marries someone else, but Andrew confronts her about her emotions and they eventually engage in a romantic and sexual relationship. Upon realizing that his relationship with Portia would never be socially accepted, Andrew petitions the World Congress to recognize him as human, which would also allow him and Portia to be legally married, but is rejected; the Speaker of the Congress explains that society can tolerate an everlasting machine, but argues that an immortal human would create too much jealousy and anger for him to be with another human being and he is declared a machine from that day on. In 2120, a physically middle-aged Portia decides that she doesn\'t want to have her life forever prolonged by Andrew\'s medical inventions, Andrew realizes that when she dies, he wouldn\'t want to live on without her. He works with an elderly Rupert to introduce blood into his system and to cause his brain to decay, thereby allowing him to age; Rupert officially welcomes him to the human condition, as it then becomes unknown when exactly Andrew would die. Around 2150 to 2160, an old and frail Andrew attends the World Congress a second time to petition to be declared a human being while a physically elderly Portia watches for support. In 2205, Andrew and Portia are on their death bed as they watch as the Speaker of the World Congress announces on television the court\'s decision: that Andrew Martin is officially recognized as human, and that aside from "Methuselah and other Biblical figures," is the oldest human being in history at the age of two hundred years. The Speaker also validates his marriage with Portia. Andrew dies while listening to the broadcast, and Portia orders their nurse--a now human-looking Galatea --to unplug her life support machine. The film ends with Portia about to die hand-in-hand with Andrew, as she whispers to him "See you soon."'] ['Eliza  discovers a love letter that may prove that her husband  is having an affair, so she decides to go to New York City and confront him. Her family, including her sister, Jo, and her fiancé, Carl, as well as her parents, Jim and Rita, go along for the ride in the family station wagon from Long Island.'] ['Lemmon plays Sam Bissell, a hard-working advertising executive, with two young daughters and a loving wife, Min . An extremely important client, Simon Nurdlinger , is considering taking his business elsewhere when he believes there are no "family men" working at Sam\'s company. Sam\'s boss, Mr. Burke , introduces the client to Sam. The client is delighted by Sam and agrees to do business with him and the company. Sam feels his career is now on the way up and he goes home to celebrate with his wife. There, he meets his wife\'s longtime friend and their new next-door neighbor, Janet , and they all have dinner together to celebrate his promotion and Janet\'s new home. Janet, a beautiful woman, is recently divorced from her husband Howard  and is happier than ever. She has also come into a large inheritance from her grandfather, which carries the stipulation that she must still be married to Howard in order to receive the inheritance. State law dictates that a divorce is not final until a year from final settlement. Since only six months have passed, Janet decides to hide the divorce from her cousins Irene  and Jack ([[Charles Lane  who stand to inherit if Janet is disqualified. With Howard unavailable, Sam is pressed to impersonate him when Irene and Jack arrive for a visit. Having never met Howard, Irene and Jack seem convinced but begin watching the couple, requiring that Janet and Sam  continue the charade for several days. When caught by Mr. Burke and Mr. Nurdlinger, Sam and Janet are then forced into a double charade in which Janet pretends to be Min. The situation begins to unravel when Irene and Jack hire a private investigator to keep watch on Sam and Janet, and Howard re-enters the picture.'] ['The film begins with media attention surrounding Casey Brodsky\'s  decision to divorce her parents and have her nanny, Maria Hernandez, become Casey\'s legal guardian, which results in her parents, Albert and Lucy Brodsky, being brought out of their self-absorbed lives and made to testify in court about their personal lives. Much of the film is presented as flashbacks. At a truck stop in Indiana on the night of January 20th, 1973, film professor Albert Brodsky is hitchhiking across the country, where he gets picked up by Lucy van Patten, a woman who has ambitions of writing books, particularly for children, but is repressed by her fiancé "Bink", a gruff Navy man, and is depressed about being relegated to the life of a military wife. Through getting to know Albert, Lucy loosens her inhibitions, breaks off her engagement to Bink, and marries Albert shortly afterwards. The couple moves to California, where Albert attaches himself to a famed Hollywood producer, who entrusts him to film a romantic script the producer has kept shelved for a long time. When Albert suffers from writer\'s block about the romance, Lucy aids him with her writing skills. The film becomes a box office hit, but cracks are forming in Albert and Lucy\'s marriage, particularly since Albert was slow to credit Lucy for the screenplay and he is frequently traveling to places such as Cannes, France, while leaving his daughter in the care of Lucy, or more often Maria, their maid. When Albert sees a young woman named Blake Chandler working at a hot dog stand, he takes her home and casts her in his next movie, which becomes a moderate success. When Lucy sees signs that Albert is interested in Blake for more than just acting, she divorces him, further troubling Casey. Albert ensures that Lucy gets custody of Casey, while he lives in a Hollywood mansion with Blake. A turning point occurs when Lucy, angered both at Albert\'s procrastination in paying child support and at the sight of a sloppy, overweight woman in a supermarket buying the same comfort food as she is, hurries home and channels her anger into writing a tell-all novel. Meanwhile, Albert\'s producers are warning him not to attempt his musical remake of Gone with the Wind called Atlanta. Albert ignores their advice though, and his budget for the picture skyrockets, mainly because of his own perfectionist attitude and Blake\'s diva-like behavior on set. Atlanta becomes an embarrassing box office bomb, costing Albert any assignments in Hollywood and causing Blake to desert him. Meanwhile, Lucy\'s novel becomes a runaway success, allowing her to buy Albert\'s former mansion and move in herself. There is a final confrontation in which Albert and Lucy quarrel in front of Casey about her custody, which degenerates into a literal tug of war with each parent pulling on one of Casey\'s arms, ignoring her pained protests. That is the final straw for Casey, who then decides to divorce both her parents. The film then returns to the courtroom, where Casey gives testimony that just because two parents no longer love each other, that does not give them the right to ignore their children. The film ends with both Lucy and Albert arriving for visitation with Casey at the same time by mistake, and deciding to go out to eat at a family restaurant, suggesting there is now a more peaceful, though decidedly bittersweet, relationship among the three.'] ["The film stars Summer Phoenix as the title character, in the role of a young Jewish woman living in London with a sister who is about to marry a young Jewish man. Breaking with the ideas of her traditionally orthodox family, Suzie falls in love with Darren , who happens not to be Jewish. She fears introducing him to her family because of their opposition to marrying outside of one's faith.'British Jews need to laugh at themselves' The Telegraph. 1 March 2004"] ['A father is overprotective toward his teenage daughter as she leaves home to go to college and study abroad in Paris.  *James Stewart as Frank MichaelsonTo Michaelson\'s annoyance, people repeatedly mistake him for "that, uh, actor" James Stewart. He laments that this has been happening "ever since Mr. Smith Goes to Washington came out." *Sandra Dee as Mollie Michaelson *Audrey Meadows as Anne Michaelson *Robert Morley as Mr. Pope-Jones *John McGiver as Hector G. Ivor *Bob Denver as coffeehouse singer *Philippe Forquet as Henri Bonnet *Monica Moran as Linda Lehman *Cynthia Pepper as Adele *Jenny Maxwell as Sarah *Charla Doherty as Liz Michaelson *Maurice Marsac as M. Bonnet *Marcel Hillaire as Policeman *Irene Tsu as Miss Wu *Charles Robinson as Stanley'] ['Barjo  is eccentric, naive and obsessive. After he accidentally burns down his house during a "scientific" experiment, he moves in with his impulsive twin sister Fanfan , who is married to Charles "the Aluminum King" . In his new surroundings, Barjo continues his old habits: cataloging old science magazines, testing bizarre inventions and filling his notebooks with his observations about human behavior and his thoughts about the end of the world. Through Barjo\'s journals we see the development of conflict and sexual tension between Fanfan and Charles, and the descent of Charles into madness.'] [' Howard Langston  is a workaholic mattress salesman, who does not find time for his wife, Liz , and his young son, Jamie  - especially when compared to next door "superdad" divorcee, Ted Maltin , who continually puts Howard in a bad light. After missing Jamie\'s karate class, Howard resolves to redeem himself by fulfilling Jamie\'s ultimate Christmas wish: getting an action figure of Turbo-Man, a popular children\'s TV superhero on Christmas Eve to find the toy everyone\'s looking for. Along the way, Howard meets Myron Larabee ([[Sinbad , a postal worker dad with a rival ambition, and the two soon become bitter competitors in their race for the action figure. Also, during his search for the toy, Howard keeps running into Officer Alexander Hummell , a traffic cop who had earlier pulled him over for a traffic violation. After several failed attempts to find the toy in a store, Howard attempts to buy a Turbo-Man from a Mall of America Santa  who is actually the leader of a band of counterfeit toy makers. When he accuses the Santa of undermining the values of Christmas, Howard ends up in a brawl with the gang. Howard barely escapes when the police raid their warehouse and gets out by posing as an undercover detective. Later, Howard and Myron cross paths again and while they are drinking coffee at Mickey\'s Diner where Myron tells Howard about the time when his father was unable to get him a specific toy on Christmas. They hear on the KQRS radio station that the D.J.  is running a Turbo-Man competition when they get to the studio they find out they can only win a gift certificate. They are nearly arrested but Myron bluffs the police into backing off by threatening them with a package . Officer Hummell tries to open it and it blows up in his face. After his car is stripped by thieves, Howard is ultimately forced to return home empty-handed. Upon seeing Ted in his house placing the star on his tree, Howard gets angry and attempts to steal the Turbo-Man doll from Ted\'s house, destined for Ted\'s son Johnny , but changes his mind. Before he has a chance to replace the doll, he is caught by Ted and a disappointed Liz. Howard decides to join his family at the city\'s Wintertainment Parade, as he promised his son he would do. Meanwhile at the parade, Ted attempts to flirt with Liz, but she turns him down by hitting him with a thermos of eggnog. On arrival at the parade, Howard runs into Officer Hummell and accidentally drenches him with hot coffee. In the ensuing chase, Howard runs into a preparations room and is mistaken as a live action Turbo-Man stuntman in the parade. As the "real" Turbo-Man, he uses the opportunity to present the coveted limited-edition Turbo-Man doll to his son in the crowd. But before he can recognize his father, Jamie is chased around the parade by Myron who is dressed as Turbo-Man\'s arch enemy Dementor having caught and tied up the real actor  while Howard does his best to keep up, though with little skill in controlling the Turbo-Man equipment. Jamie is ultimately saved by Howard, who reveals himself to his son, Howard apologizes to Officer Hummell about everything, while Myron is escorted away by police, all the while ranting about how he will explain the situation to his son. Touched by Myron\'s undying dedication to his own son, Jamie gives the doll to him, and tells Howard that he does not need the doll since his father is "the Real Turbo Man". The crowd carries Howard off praising him for his heroic actions as Myron, Jamie, and Liz happily watch. Back at home, Howard puts the star on his Christmas tree, his tradition, and shares a happy moment with his family before realizing that through his quest to get a present for Jamie, he forgot to get Liz a present.'] ['While performing on Lake Springfield, rock band Green Day are killed when pollution in the lake dissolves their barge, following an audience revolt after frontman Billie Joe Armstrong proposes an environmental discussion. At a memorial service, Grampa has a prophetic vision in which he predicts the impending doom of the town, but only Marge takes it seriously. Then Homer dares Bart to skate naked and he does so. Lisa and an Irish boy named Colin, with whom she has fallen in love, hold a meeting where they convince the town to clean up the lake. Meanwhile, Homer adopts a pig from Krusty Burger and names it "Spider Pig" . Homer seems to show more love for the pig than he does for Bart which causes Bart to reconnect with Flanders. Homer stores the pig\'s feces  in an overflowing silo which Marge tells him to dispose of safely. Homer takes the silo and Plopper to the dump to get rid of the waste, but during a line-up of safe trash disposal, he receives a phone call from Lenny, who tells him that Lard Lad Donuts has been shut down and free donuts are being given out. Homer grows impatient and instead dumps the silo in the lake, re-polluting it to an even more severe degree. Moments later, a chipmunk jumps into the lake and becomes severely mutated. Nearby, Flanders and Bart discover the chipmunk during a hike, and the EPA captures it. Russ Cargill, head of the EPA, presents five "unthinkable" options to U.S. President Schwarzenegger to keep the town\'s pollution contained; Schwarzenegger randomly picks option three, enclosing Springfield in a large glass dome. When the police discover Homer\'s silo in the lake, an angry mob of townspeople approach the Simpsons\' home with pitchforks and torches and attempt to kill them, but the family escape through a sinkhole that leads to the outside of the dome. They find a room to stay in for the night and Homer tells them that he has a plan; flee to Alaska to start a new life. The trapped citizens damage the dome over time and Cargill, not wanting news of what he has done to become widespread, plans to destroy Springfield. In Alaska, the Simpsons see an advertisement starring Tom Hanks, for a new Grand Canyon to be located on the site where Springfield is located. Marge and the kids want to go and save the town, but Homer refuses to help the people who tried to kill them. The family abandon Homer and leaves Alaska by train heading to Seattle, but are captured by the EPA upon arrival and then put back into the dome. After a visit from a mysterious Inuit shaman who saves him from a polar bear, Homer has an epiphany and believes he must save the town in order to save himself. As he arrives at Springfield to do so, a helicopter lowers a bomb suspended by rope through a hole in the dome. Homer climbs to the peak of the dome and descends the rope, knocking the escaping townspeople and bomb off. Homer takes the bomb and a motorcycle. After reuniting with Bart, they drive up the side of the dome and Bart throws the bomb through the hole, seconds before detonation. The bomb explodes, shattering the dome, freeing everybody. Cargill, angry at them for ruining his plan, arrives and is about to shoot Homer with a shotgun, but gets knocked out when Maggie drops a rock on his head. The town finally praises Homer, who kisses Marge on the motorcycle before riding off into the sunrise with her and Maggie. The townspeople begin restoring Springfield back to normal.'] ["Dagwood Bumstead is forced to receive a college diploma in order to remain a worker at the Dithers Construction Company. He goes to school with his wife Blondie, until they get the news married couples are not allowed. They decide to pretend they aren't a couple. A dilemma starts when Laura Wadsworth begins to flirt with Dagwood and B.M.O.C. Rusty Bryant does the same with Blondie. Even more problems come to Blondie when she discovers she is pregnant. Afraid to tell Dagwood out of fear for expulsion, she decides to keep it a secret."] ['Gomez Addams  laments the 25-year absence of his brother Fester, who disappeared after the two had a falling-out. Gomez\'s lawyer Tully Alford  owes money to loan shark Abigail Craven , and notices that her son Gordon  closely resembles Fester. Tully proposes that Gordon pose as Fester to infiltrate the Addams household and find the hidden vault where they keep their vast riches. Tully and his wife Margaret  attend a séance at the Addams home led by Grandmama  in which the family tries to contact Fester\'s spirit. Gordon arrives, posing as Fester, while Abigail poses as psychiatrist Dr. Pinder-Schloss and tells the family that Fester had been lost in the Bermuda Triangle for the past 25 years. Gomez, overjoyed to have Fester back, takes him to the family vault to view home movies from their childhood. Gordon learns the reason for the brothers\' falling-out: Gomez was jealous of Fester\'s success with women, and wooed the conjoined twins Flora and Fauna Amore away from him out of envy. Gomez starts to suspect that "Fester" is an impostor when he is unable to recall important details about their past. Gordon attempts to return to the vault, but is unable to get past a booby trap. Gomez\'s wife Morticia  reminds "Fester" of the importance of family amongst the Addamses and of their vengeance against those who cross them. Fearing that the family is getting wise to their con, Abigail  convinces Gomez that his suspicions are due to displacement. Gordon grows closer to the Addams family, particularly the children Wednesday  and Pugsley , whom he helps to prepare a swordplay sequence for a school play. The Addamses throw a large party with their extended family and friends to celebrate Fester\'s return, during which Abigail plans to break into the vault. Wednesday overhears Abigail and Gordon discussing their scheme, and escapes them by hiding in the family cemetery. Tully learns that Fester, as the eldest brother, is the executor of the Addams estate and therefore technically owns the entire property. With the help of the Addamses\' neighbor Judge George Womack , who Gomez has repeatedly angered by hitting golf balls at his house, Tully procures a restraining order against the family banning them from the estate. Gomez attempts to fight the order in court, but Judge Womack rules against him out of spite. While Abigail, Gordon, and Tully try repeatedly and unsuccessfully to get past the booby trap blocking access to the vault, the Addams family is forced to move into a motel and find jobs. Morticia tries at being a preschool teacher, Wednesday and Pugsley sell toxic lemonade, and Thing—the family\'s animate disembodied hand—becomes a courier. Gomez, despondent, sinks into depression and lethargy. Morticia returns to the Addams home to confront Fester and is captured by Abigail and Tully, who torture her in an attempt to learn how to access the vault. Thing observes this and informs Gomez, who gathers the family and rushes to Morticia\'s rescue. Abigail threatens Morticia\'s life if Gomez does not surrender the family fortune. Fed up with his mother\'s behavior and constant berating, Gordon turns against Abigail. Using a magical book which projects its contents into reality, he unleashes a hurricane in the house, which strikes his own head with lightning and launches Tully and Abigail out a window and into open graves dug for them by Wednesday and Pugsley. Gordon turns out to actually have been Fester all along, having suffered amnesia after being lost in the Bermuda Triangle and turning up in Miami, where Abigail had taken him in. The lightning strike has restored his memory and he is enthusiastically welcomed back into the Addams household. With the family whole again, Morticia informs Gomez that she is pregnant.'] ['Nate Johnson  and his family have been invited to their big family reunion in Missouri. He sees it as an opportunity to reconnect with his estranged wife  and growing children, as well as a chance to show up his wealthier know-it-all brother, Mack . Nate takes delivery on an expensive new SUV, persuades his recently separated wife Dorothy to tag along, and packs up his three kids &mdash; nubile teenager Nikki , under-age wannabe rapper D.J. ([[Bow Wow , and precocious seven-year-old Destiny  &mdash; for what he imagines will be a leisurely drive from Los Angeles to Missouri. However, between his wary wife, arguing kids, angry police officers, a bizarre hitchhiker , bad diner food, and an unfortunate run-in with a cement mixer, getting from point A to point B proves to be just short of a nightmare.'] ['The film tells the story of a group of people during the summer: football fans, loving couples, single fathers, beautiful women and businessmen, emigrants who return to their country and great dramatic actors forced into comic situations etc.'] ["The Bellas are a proud family of Italian Americans living in Boston, Massachusetts. Joe is a soon-to-be retired construction worker and his wife Marilyn a home-maker. Their oldest son Tony is married, while their youngest daughter Jan is about to tie the knot herself. This leaves Renata, the eldest daughter, feeling upset and confused as to what the future may bring. After learning that her boyfriend Rob is not planning on marrying her, Renata leaves him for good. She winds up meeting a charming, albeit abrasive salesman named Sam Sharpe. The two begin a courtship but Renata's family is skeptical of Sam from the get-go, especially Jan. Their parents, Joe and Marilyn, are more easily manipulated by the fun-loving Sam, who has given their daughter a happy, up-scale life. But even they come to resent his uncouth behavior, chain-smoking and constant meddling. Sam and Renata are married and have a child, but Sam has a heart attack at the baptism and is confined to a wheelchair as a result. While watching Renata skate one day, Sam dies while still holding their baby. Renata mourns her husband, but at the same time is grateful for the time they spent together and for Sam changing her life for the better."] ['In June 1983, in Dutchess County, New York, Sebastian Cole joins his mother, stepfather, and sister for dinner where Hank, Sebastian\'s stepfather, drops a bomb: he announces that he is having a sex change operation. Sebastian\'s sister, Jessica, leaves immediately for California, and his mother, Joan, takes him back to England. Eight months later, Sebastian is back in New York, knocking on Hank\'s door. Hank  takes Sebastian in and supports him over the next few months of high school. Sebastian\'s "adventures" are mostly self-destructive.'] ["Paul Manning discovers one day that his dear friend and neighbor Ed Stander has been cheating on his wife. Curious, he asks Ed about it and is given the history and tactics of men who have successfully committed adultery. With each new story, Paul can't help but notice the attractive blonde, Irma Johnson, who lives nearby. Paul gets close to cheating on his wife Ruth, but he never quite goes through with it. In a scene near the end when he is in a motel room with another woman, he hears sirens approaching. He panics and waits for the police, only to find them going to the room next door where his friend Ed is in bed with Mrs. Johnson. Paul takes this opportunity to flee the scene and run home to his beloved wife."] ["The film's central story concerns a father, Lalit Verma , who is trying to organize an enormous, chaotic, and expensive wedding for his daughter, for whom he has arranged a marriage with a man she has known for only a few weeks . As so often happens in the Punjabi culture, such a wedding means that, for one of the few times each generation, the whole family comes together from all corners of the globe including India, Australia, Oman and the United States. It is a story set in the modern upper-middle class of India, where telecommunications and a western lifestyle mix with old traditions, like the arranged wedding young Aditi accepts when she ends a current affair. The groom is an Indian living in Texas, and all relatives from both families, some from distant places like Australia, come to New Delhi during the monsoon season to attend the wedding. The four-day arrangements and celebrations will see clumsy organization, family parties and drama, dangers to the happy end of the wedding, and lots of music."] ["{{Expand section}} Helen Harris  is very successful in the fashion industry and has a nice Manhattan lifestyle which keeps her extremely occupied and content. Helen's world suddenly changes when her sister Lindsay  and brother-in-law Paul  die in a car accident. Helen and her other sister Jenny  are in shock when they hear Lindsay & Paul left Helen in charge of their three kids: 15-year-old Audrey , 10-year-old Henry , and five-year-old Sarah . Convinced she can raise the kids and maintain her already fast-paced schedule, Helen quickly finds herself burnt out and disheartened by her responsibilities and Jenny's lack of faith. Despite her already hectic schedule, Helen finds the time to develop a genuine affection for her new dependents, as well as an equally genuine attraction to Dan Parker ([[John Corbett , the kids' school principal and local Lutheran pastor. Eventually, Helen realizes she can't balance the two lives, and is faced with a difficult decision, her fashion career or her nieces and nephew."] ['Fotoula "Toula" Portokalos  is going through an early midlife crisis. At thirty, she is the only woman in her family who has "failed". Her family expects her to "marry a Greek boy, make Greek babies, and feed everyone until the day she dies." Instead, Toula is stuck working in the family business, a restaurant, "Dancing Zorba\'s". In contrast to her "perfect" sister, Athena , Toula is frumpy and cynical. She fears she\'s doomed to be stuck with her life as it is. At the restaurant, she briefly sees Ian Miller, a handsome school teacher. This event, combined with an argument with her overly-patriotic father, Gus - who merely wants his daughter to marry and settle down rather than pursue a career - motivates her to begin taking computer classes at a local college. She also gets contact lenses, wears her hair curly, and begins to use makeup. Maria, her mother, and her aunt Voula  then contrive a way to get Gus to allow her to work at Voula\'s travel agency. Toula feels much better in her new job, especially when she notices Ian hanging around looking at her through the window. They finally introduce themselves and begin dating. Toula keeps the relationship secret from her family until some weeks later when Gus finds out. He throws a fit because Ian is not Greek and orders Toula to end the relationship, but Ian and Toula continue to see each other against Gus\'s wishes. Ian proposes marriage to her, she accepts. Gus is hurt and infuriated, feeling his daughter has betrayed him, and Ian agrees to be baptized in the Greek Orthodox Church and speak fluent Greek to be worthy of her family. As the year passes, the wedding planning hits snag after snag as Toula\'s numerous relatives "helpfully" interfere. Her father insists on inviting the entire church to the ceremony, her mother orders the invitations but misspells Ian\'s parents\' names, and Toula\'s cousin Nikki  orders tacky bridesmaids\' dresses. Toula is horrified to learn that her parents invited the entire family to what was meant to be a "quiet" dinner, and the Millers, not used to such cultural fervor, are overwhelmed. The wedding day dawns with liveliness and hysteria, but the traditional wedding itself goes without a hitch. Gus gives a speech accepting Ian and the Millers as family and buys the newlyweds a house right next door to him. An epilogue shows the new couple\'s life six years later in which they have a daughter, Paris, whom they raise in the Greek style, but Toula tells her she can marry anyone she wants when she grows up after she says she wants to go to Brownies instead of Greek school.'] ['The patriarch of a seemingly normal nuclear family returns home one day with a small white rat. The animal soon has an adverse effect on his wife and children, influencing them into enacting their darkest, most hidden desires. The son loudly announces his homosexuality and begins throwing wild orgies, the daughter deliberately flirts with death and practices sadomasochism on her boyfriend , while the mother seduces her son so she can "cure" him of his orientation. After the father eventually kills and devours the offending rat, he turns into one himself; when his family discover this, they band together and brutally slay him.'] ["This is a story about the breakup of the family. In particular, it focuses on the lifestyle of three divorced men in the Los Angeles area, Dave Goldman , wrestling coach/driver's ed teacher Vic Damico , and real estate agent Donny Carson . The film is presented from their perspective and it reveals their relationships with their children, ex-wives, girlfriends, male friendships, and their identities as divorced men. In addition to dealing with divorce, the film touches on spousal loss and young adult homelessness."] ["Henry Wilton is a successful financier who is returning to America after a year away in Europe helping to arrange war debt repayments. He looks forward to being reunited with his family, including his much-younger second wife Emmy, his daughter Peggy and his son Eddie. However, when he arrives in his hometown on the train the only one there to greet him is his butler, Connors, much to Henry's dismay. The butler informs him that he is home a day earlier than expected, and that Peggy is an aspiring actress and Eddie is a polo player. They visit Eddie at the polo field, then arrive home, where they find that Emmy is having guests over at a music recital by composer Pietro Rafaelo. Henry further finds that in his absence Emmy has redecorated his bedroom in the Art Nouveau style, and removed his comfortable chair, which Connors has taken for safekeeping. While in Connors' room, Henry is visited by George Struthers, Peggy's fortune-hunting fiance who she plans to marry for his money. Henry tries to buy a stock from Partington, his business rival, who refuses to honour an agreement they had to sell it at a certain price, claiming that the agreement is not in writing. Meanwhile, the Wilton family are rarely spending much time together, and Henry becomes tired of his family's hectic social schedule. When Connors tells him that the poor can't go out too often, Henry decides to feign poverty to test his family's mettle. Accordingly, Henry tells his wife and children that he is ruined, and they rally to his side. They decide to give up their plans and stay home for dinner, leading to a frantic effort by the servants to come up with food. Furthermore, Emmy regrets her extravagance, Peggy gives up her engagement to George for Larry Rivers, who she is really in love with, and Eddie decides to get a job as a pilot, and goes to Partington for a letter of introduction. Partington is delighted to hear that Henry is ruined, and assumes that the stock he holds will lose its value and wants to get rid of it as soon as possible. Henry then buys Partington's stock by acting through a third party, at a price lower than that they had agreed upon, and that Partington had paid for it in the first place. Meanwhile, Emmy says she is going out for a walk, and goes off in a car with Pietro. Avenged on his rival, Henry comes home and tells his children that he is not ruined after all, but they tell him that Emmy has gone out and seems to have deserted him. However, Emmy comes back and tells them that she had gone out to pawn her jewelry in order to help him, and that she was happiest when they were poor and could not go out, and thus able to spend time as a family."] ['{{Plot}} Bon-bon manufacturer Dave Jennings is so focused on his Los Angeles-based business that he neglects his precocious five-year-old son Gus, who is constantly creating havoc in order to get his father\'s attention. After Gus\'s latest escapade is cleaned up and paid for, Dave orders his long-suffering secretary, Ivy Tolliver, to find a new nurse for Gus, then leaves on a business trip. Upon his return, Dave learns that Ivy has placed Gus in the Playtime School, and that he must meet with the teacher, Lydia Marble, to enroll Gus formally. Rushed as usual, Dave tells the attractive Lydia that he will pay whatever it takes to keep Gus in line, but when Lydia explains that parents are required to participate in their child\'s education at Playtime, Dave indignantly states that he knows all he needs to about Gus. Dave is amazed by how well Gus responds to Lydia\'s instructions, however, after he smacks a schoolmate. Believing that Gus can benefit from Lydia\'s tutelage, Dave agrees to keep him at Playtime. As the next three weeks pass, Gus becomes contented and well-behaved, but on Dave\'s scheduled parent participation day, the businessman instead sends a truckload of toys to the school. Lydia returns the toys with a note admonishing Dave that as a substitute for his attention, the toys are not enough, and when Dave comes to the school to protest, Lydia assumes that he is there to help. After a wearying day, Dave is angered by Lydia\'s amused response to his exhaustion, and he storms out, telling Gus that they will find a school that does not specialize in "making jerks out of fathers." Lydia visits his apartment that evening to explain that she was laughing merely because Dave was so much like the other bewildered new parents. Dave relates that his childhood was full of hardship, then admits that he is baffled by how to be the "top man" with his son, as he is in business. Lydia assures him that if he works hard, he will be a successful parent, then promises that if he does not enjoy his next day at school, he does not have to come again. As she leaves, Lydia tells Gus that he will be returning to Playtime, where they try to "make fathers out of jerks." Soon after, Lydia sends Dave child-rearing books and arranges for the children to visit his candy factory. Dave is surprised by how much he enjoys playing tour guide for the youngsters, and that night, at a meeting of the Playtime parents, conducts an impromptu and well-received lecture on parenting. After the meeting, Lydia mentions that Dave should get a beach house so that Gus can have more room, and asks about his wife. Dave angrily replies that his wife walked out on him and took all of his money when his business was suffering, and that he had to rebuild completely. Later that evening, Dave tells Lydia that he has fallen in love with her, and although Lydia returns Dave\'s affections, she tells him that his feelings stem from his dependence upon her for help with Gus. That night, Dave comforts a frightened Gus by allowing him to sleep in his bed, and, realizing that he no longer needs Lydia for instruction on child care, confronts her with his new knowledge. Secure that Dave does indeed love her for herself, Lydia enjoys his embrace. As time passes, Dave becomes a devoted father, and his romance with Lydia blossoms into an engagement. On Gus\'s birthday, however, Joyce, Dave\'s ex-wife, appears and asks Dave to visit her at her hotel. Fearing the worst, Dave keeps the appointment and discovers that the money-grubbing, immoral Joyce is broke and claims that their Mexican divorce is not legal. Dave\'s lawyer, Farley Norris, confirms the upsetting news, but Dave, infuriated by Joyce\'s reappearance, refuses to give her money to obtain a legal divorce. Determined to win, no matter what is revealed about Joyce in court, Dave does not listen to the pleas of his friends that he think of Gus and end the confrontation quietly. Dave instead hires private detectives to gather ammunition against Joyce until the day before the trial begins. Needing a rest, Dave drives to his new beach house and spends the night. Unknown to Dave, Lydia and Gus have also spent the night there, and in court the next day, Joyce\'s lawyer charges Dave with adultery and names Lydia as the co-respondent. The resulting publicity horrifies Lydia, and she is forced to close her school. Lydia confronts Dave, accusing him of caring more about his fortune than about his son, and breaks their engagement. As the trial continues, Farley proves that Joyce abandoned Dave, and the judge upholds Dave\'s request for a divorce. Although he does not award Joyce any of Dave\'s property, the judge, sickened by Dave\'s tactics, grants Joyce custody of Gus. Dave is heartbroken, and on the morning that he drives Gus to Joyce\'s hotel, is overcome when Gus pleads to remain with him. Realizing that Gus is more important to him than anything else, Dave marches to Joyce\'s room and agrees to give her everything he owns in exchange for permanent custody of Gus. As he returns to the car, Dave is met by Lydia, who promises to help him fight for his son. Assuring her that the matter is settled, Dave embraces Lydia and Gus, then asks Lydia if she can pay for lunch.'] ['Susan Aibelli , a married, lonely woman, suffers a leg injury at home just as her husband is about to leave on his job as a travelling salesman and her son, Raymond ([[Jeremy Davies , is about to leave for the summer on a medical internship. Her son is forced to stay at home to take care of her as his father is gone. He loses both the internship and his girlfriend. These troublesome events leave him emotionally confused as he and his mother are left alone together, and they develop an incestuous relationship.'] ["Four internationally wanted criminals named Peter Beaupre , Alice Ribbons , Burton Jernigan , and Earl Unger ([[David Thornton  have stolen a valuable missile cloaking computer chip for a North Korean terrorist group. They put it inside a toy remote control car to sneak it past security. At San Francisco International Airport, Mrs. Hess  accidentally takes the bag with the remote control car in it. The four thieves arrive in Chicago and systematically search every house in Mrs. Hess' neighborhood to find the chip. Eight-year-old Alex Pruitt  is given the remote control car by Mrs. Hess for shoveling snow, and soon becomes ill with the chicken pox and must stay home. While at home, Alex sees the thieves through his telescope and calls the police. The thieves leave by the time the police come. After Alex reports the thieves again, they still manage to get away, and the police do not believe him. Alex decides to take matters into his own hands, and mounts a camera on his remote control car and attempts to film some footages of the thieves, who are searching in every house to find the chip. He eventually films Beaupre, but the remote control car is discovered before it can get away and Beaupre takes the tape, leaving Alex with no evidence. Wondering what the thieves want with a remote control car, Alex opens it and discovers the stolen chip and immediately calls Chicago's Air Force Recruitment Center and informs them about the chip. The thieves finds out that Alex has the chip and decide to go after him. They block off the road to the house, and Alice duct tapes Mrs. Hess to a porch chair in her garage and leaves the door open. By this point, Alex has armed his house with more violent booby traps. After several break-in attempts, the thieves pursue Alex. Alex runs to the attic and goes into the dumbwaiter down to the basement, and runs outside and calls to Alice, Jernigan and Unger. They see Alex and notice a trampoline below them. Jernigan and Unger jump, but the trampoline gives way and they fall into a frozen pool. Alice wriggles her way into the dumbwaiter chute, but falls down to the basement. Alex rescues Mrs. Hess and is cornered by Beaupre, but scares him off with a fake gun. Meanwhile, the FBI, who has also been tracking the stolen chip, goes to Alex's school after being tipped off by the Air Force. Alex's family brings the agents to their house, where the police arrest Alice, Jernigan, and Unger. However, Beaupre managed to escape and hides in the snow fort in the backyard. Alex's brother Stan's pet parrot drives the remote control car into the snow fort and threatens to light fireworks which are lined around the inside. Beaupre offers a cracker, but the parrot demands two. Since he only has one, the parrot then lights the fireworks, and escapes. Beaupre's cover is literally blown, and the police arrest him. Sometime later, Alex and his family celebrate with his father returning. Mrs. Hess, who befriends Alex after he successfully rescues her, is there along with the FBI and the police while Alex's house is being repaired. In the final scene of the film, while the four thieves are having their mugshot photos taken, they are shown to have Alex's chicken pox."] ["After seventeen years of marriage, affluent Los Angeles suburban couple Richard Harmon  and his wife Barbara  seem to have it all, but they're constantly bickering. When they discover they no longer can communicate even to argue, they make an effort to salvage their relationship through counseling. But after catching each other emptying their joint bank accounts, they file for divorce. Richard finds himself living in a small apartment and trying to survive on $87.30 a week. His take-home income has been cut to ribbons by high alimony. Richard meets a recently divorced man, Nelson Downes , who introduces him to ex-wife Nancy . Nelson wants to marry off Nancy to be free of his alimony burden, so that he can marry his fiancee. Nancy also wishes to marry because she is lonely. Since Richard cannot now afford to be remarried, Nelson and Nancy plot to set up Barbara with a millionaire auto dealer, Big Al Yearling . Barbara begins a relationship with Big Al, but one night all of the principals end up in the audience at a nightclub show. A hypnotist puts Barbara in a trance and coaxes her into doing a mock striptease. But when instructed to kiss her true love, Barbara plants one on Richard, and just like that their marriage problems are resolved. Nelson, not to be deterred, immediately tries to get Nancy interested in Big Al."] ["Carnelle  enters the Miss Firecracker beauty pageant in her hometown of Yazoo City, Mississippi, trying to emulate her cousin Elain's  win some years previous. Carnelle was taken in as a waif by her genteel cousins after the death of her mother and grows up promiscuous, brash, unfeminine and lacking in grace. Few expect she can win, her closest friends and relatives think she is heading for a big disappointment, but Carnelle is ever hopeful. When her other cousin, the eccentric sociopath Delmont Tim Robbins decides to sell the house they both live in to make money, Carnelle becomes even more determined to win, viewing it as a way to escape her small town existence. Elain returns to the town to give a speech at the pageant after a breakup with her husband. Carnelle insists Elain let her wear the red dress in which she won the contest, thinking that will guarantee her success. Elain delays giving Carnelle the dress and makes excuses as to why she cannot have it, whilst pretending to be supportive. Carnelle surprisingly gets on the shortlist for the pageant when one of the other contestants pulls out. Without a red dress she breaks into a locked room in the house previously occupied by a sick relative and takes an old dress to wear. She comes last at the final and is frustrated by her failure. Back at the house she discovers Elain had brought the dress with her all along and had been lying to her. She confronts Elain about this, realising the pageant is not the most important thing after all, then leaves the house and goes to the town observatory and watches the pageant fireworks display."] ['Sixteen-year-old Minnesota high-schooler Juno MacGuff  discovers she is pregnant with a child fathered by her friend and longtime admirer, Paulie Bleeker . She initially considers an abortion but decides to give the baby up for adoption. With the help of her friend Leah , Juno searches the ads in the Pennysaver and finds a couple she feels will provide a suitable home. She tells her parents, Mac  and stepmother, Bren , who offer their support. With Mac, Juno meets the couple, Mark and Vanessa Loring , in their expensive home and agrees to a closed adoption. Juno vists Mark a few times, with whom she shares tastes in punk rock and horror films. Mark, who has set aside his rock band youth , works at home composing commercial jingles. Juno and Leah happen to see Vanessa in a shopping mall being completely at ease with a child, and Juno encourages Vanessa to talk to her baby in the womb, where it obligingly kicks for her. As the pregnancy progresses, Juno struggles with the emotions she feels for the baby\'s father, Paulie, who is clearly in love with Juno. Juno maintains an outwardly indifferent attitude toward Paulie, but when she learns he has asked another girl to the upcoming prom, she angrily confronts him. Paulie reminds Juno that it is at her request they remain distant and tells her that she broke his heart. Not long before her baby is due, Juno is again visiting Mark when their interaction becomes emotional. Mark then tells her he will be leaving Vanessa. Juno is horrified by this revelation, with Mark asking Juno "how do you think of me". Vanessa arrives home, and Mark tells her he does not feel ready to be a father and there are still things he wants to do first. Juno watches the Loring marriage fall apart, then drives away and breaks down in tears by the side of the road. Returning to the Lorings\' home, she leaves a note and disappears as they answer the door. After a heartfelt discussion with Mac, Juno accepts that she loves Paulie. Juno then tells Paulie she loves him, and Paulie\'s actions make it clear her feelings are very much reciprocated. Not long after, Juno goes into labor and is rushed to the hospital, where she gives birth to a baby boy. She had deliberately not told Paulie because of his track meet. Seeing her missing from the stands, Paulie rushes to the hospital, finds Juno has given birth to their son, and comforts Juno as she cries. Vanessa comes to the hospital where she joyfully claims the newborn boy as a single adoptive mother. On the wall in the baby\'s new nursery, Vanessa has framed Juno\'s note, which reads: "Vanessa: If you\'re still in, I\'m still in.&nbsp;—Juno." The film ends in the summertime with Juno and Paulie playing guitar and singing together, followed by a kiss.'] ['Mollie is an accountant living and working in New York City. The latest client she has been assigned by her firm is a charmingly handsome but shallow, womanizing executive named Albert. He seduces her, and although he is married, he embarks on an affair with her, promising to leave his wife for her. Mollie insists that their relationship has to stop; however, succumbing to temptation, she proceeds to have sex with him, and becomes pregnant. Once she realizes this, she informs him, who takes the news well and again promises to leave his wife and raise the baby with her. Until then, she decides to tell her eccentric and overbearing parents that there is no father and that she became pregnant via a sperm donor. She continues her relationship with him as the pregnancy develops; however, she fears he is seeing another woman, Melissa. Later, when she and her best friend, Rona, are shopping, she finds him in a clinch with Melissa. He then tells her that he is in love with Melissa and that he leaving his wife, so he and Melissa can get a place together. Angry and upset, a heartbroken Mollie storms off in a rage while the fight causes her to suddenly go into labor. When she hails a cab, the driver, James Ubriacco, realizes the seriousness of the situation and speeds off to the hospital. Upon reaching the hospital, the nurses mistake him for the baby\'s father, and he feels inclined to stay. She gives birth to a son and names him Michael, "Mikey" for short. A few days after he is brought home, she receives a visit from James, and he returns the purse she left behind in his taxi. He meets Mikey, and they seem to enjoy each other\'s company. Over the next month, Mollie is dealing with being a single parent and Mikey is becoming used to his new world when she discovers that James has been using her address to keep his grandfather in a nursing home in the local area. She confronts him and he offers to babysit Mikey if she lets him continue to use the address, to which she agrees. She starts dating again but quickly realizes that none of the men she has been seeing are good enough for Mikey. We see three of them with her at restaurants, then we see her imagining how they\'d treat him after witnessing their behaviors: the first angrily berates the waiter for messing up his order and she imagines him being an abusive father; the second is a fastidious neat freak who she sees as too uptight; the third is a man named Harry who works with her father. James tricks him into taking advantage of her by having her pay for everything. One night, she lets her guard down and almost sleeps with James; however, after imagining what life would be like if she married him, she asks him to leave, despite him telling her he loves both her and Mikey. Soon after, Mollie is forced to help Albert with his taxes, when he pleads with her to let him see Mikey. She agrees but forgets to inform James, who is babysitting him. A fight ensues when Albert arrives and claims to be Mikey\'s father; James does not believe this is possible, as Mollie had told him she used a sperm donor. They get into an argument, and Albert leaves. Later, Mollie takes Mikey to see Albert, who shows that he has not changed; she proceeds to destroy his office with the help of a very enthusiastic Mikey. She receives a call from the nursing home James\' grandfather is living at complaining about his behavior. She explains to the manager why his behavior had been so bad, and he agrees to let him stay, believing her to be James\' wife. She runs into James outside the office; he had overheard the discussion, and he thanks her. While Mollie is pleading with the manager, Mikey escapes from James\' grandfather. First he wanders into the cafeteria and then the kitchen. After he sees a taxi outside the nursing home and believes it to be James\', he climbs in as it is taken away by a tow truck. After leaving it, he ends up standing in the middle of open traffic, looking for James\' taxi. James and Mollie rescue him from the street, and when he calls him "Da-da," she sees that he is not only perfect for Mikey, but perfect for her, as well. They kiss, with Mikey looking on happily. As the credits roll, James and an older Mikey are shown walking through the hospital to see Mollie , who has just given birth to Mikey\'s half-sister, Julie. Also, the baby talks.'] ['Grandma Louisa  begins dating grocer Henry Hammond , much to the disgust of her son Hal  and the rest of the family. To make matters worse, Hal’s boss, Mr. Burnside , also becomes a rival for Louisa’s affections.'] ['Architect Peter Mitchell , cartoonist Michael Kellam  and actor Jack Holden  are happy living their lives as bachelors in their lofty New York City apartment. They all have different girlfriends, successful jobs and a carefree and somewhat hedonistic lifestyle. This is disrupted when a baby arrives on their doorstep one day. A note with the child, Mary, indicates that it is Jack\'s, the result of an affair with a recent co-star. The baby arrives in Jack\'s absence – he is in Turkey shooting a B movie, leaving Peter and Michael to fend for themselves in taking care of the child, something in which their lack of experience befuddles them. At one point, Peter and Michael are mistakenly led to believe that they are to deliver Mary to two men who arrive at their door asking for "the package". They discover moments before their departure that the men are drug dealers who were actually seeking a package of heroin. They retrieve the infant, leaving the men with a can of powdered milk. What results is a major change to the men\'s lives as they try to adjust to surrogate fatherhood&mdash;balancing the demands of work, a social schedule and the rearing of a child. Soon their paternal instincts take hold, and they grow attached to the child. Eventually, when Jack returns, Peter and Michael do not hesitate in taking their revenge and passing all responsibility of looking after Mary to Jack, but Jack quickly grows to love his daughter. The drug dealers, demanding payment, eventually ransack the men\'s apartment looking for their drugs. The men formulate a plan to trap the dealers when they negotiate a deal to deliver the illicit goods. With a recording of the conversation, the men prove their innocence to the police and the dealers are arrested. At the end of the movie, the baby\'s mother, an English woman named Sylvia , arrives, asking for Mary back. Moments before her departure to England, she realizes she cannot give up her career to raise her daughter alone, and the three men, having grown attached to Mary, cannot bear to lose Mary, and rush to the airport to persuade Sylvia to stay in America, but they arrive just as Sylvia\'s plane leaves. Defeated, the men return to their apartment, where they find both Sylvia and Mary. The men quickly invite her to move into their apartment with them, and she agrees.'] ["Mr. Hobbs is an overworked banker who seeks a quiet seaside vacation with his wife Peggy and family, including his grown daughters, family cook, sons-in-law and grandchildren. What he finds upon reaching their vacation destination is a very dilapidated beach house with nosy neighbors. Complications mount up. His teenage son Danny only wants to watch television. His youngest daughter Katey, embarrassed by a new set of dental braces, refuses to leave the beach house. And his grandkids don't want anything to do with him. Furthermore, one of his sons-in-law, Stan, is unemployed and Mr. Hobbs must entertain Stan's snooty potential employer on a boring bird-watching jaunt. An older daughter is married to the aloof professor Byron, who has unorthodox ideas about disciplining children and the family dynamic. One by one, Mr. Hobbs tries to solve each problem. After the television breaks, he finds time to take Danny on a boating trip, where they get very lost in the fog but bond as father and son. He also manages to take Katey to a dance, where he bribes a handsome young man named Joe to pay attention to her. The bird-watcher and his prim wife don't turn out to be what they seem to be and chaos reigns for a while. But in time Mr. Hobbs and his wife sort out everybody's personal crisis, Joe turns out to be a suitable suitor for Katey, and the family is almost sad to leave the beach and return home."] ["An aged father known to everyone as Old Liu  and his younger, mentally challenged son Liu Erming  run and live in a traditional bathhouse for men in an old district in Beijing. The bathhouse provides a variety of peripheral services, including haircut, massage, shaving, fire cupping, even old-style pedicure, to a motley group of regular customers, many of whom are retired old Beijingers. The patrons usually spend their entire day, day after day, in the bathhouse, engaging in a game of Chinese chess or cricket fighting. As such, they have formed close bonds not only with one another, but also with Old Liu, who is manager, staff, mediator in squabbles, and marriage consultant all in one. One of the patrons is a man who sings 'O Sole Mio in the shower, but when he goes to sing it in public he loses his nerve, until Erming provides him with a shower from a hose. Another patron is Mr. Zhang, whose marriage has been in trouble ever since his wife ran after a thief while naked, and Old Liu arranges a reconciliation by having the man find his wife in the bath. After the bathhouse closes in the evening, Old Liu and Erming go for their daily jog around the neighbourhood, after which they engage in a contest to hold their breath in water as they bathe. Even simple tasks such as cleaning up the bathhouse are tremendous fun for the duo, both of whom behave like little children at these times. One day, Old Liu's elder son Liu Daming , who left many years ago to seek fortunes in the southern city of Shenzhen, abruptly returns home. Now a successful businessman, Daming had received a postcard from Erming with a drawing of their father lying in bed. Thinking that his father has died, Daming rushed home, only to find it a misunderstanding. However, the father-son ties between Old Liu and Daming appear to be strained, and Daming plans to return to Shenzhen three days later. When Erming accompanies Daming downtown to reserve a plane ticket, Erming mindlessly wanders off from the area and is nowhere to be seen. After a futile search, Daming returns home to his distressed father, who lashes out at him for not being able to take care of his younger brother. Old Liu laments that having already lost one son , he cannot afford to lose the other. The next morning, however, Erming is able to find his own way home, to the relief of everyone. Having already postponed his flight, Daming decides to stay one more night. It rains heavily overnight. While up on the roof fixing leaks, Old Liu catches a cold and falls sick the next morning. Daming volunteers to take over the work in the bathhouse, delaying his return once more. In the next few days, Daming stays on to help in the bathhouse. He even joins in the daily evening jog with his father and Erming. One evening, after coming back from jogging, Old Liu passes away peacefully whilst bathing in the bathtub. Erming refuses to accept the reality of his father's death and insists on opening the bathhouse every day at the usual time. In the meantime, Daming is planning to bring Erming back to Shenzhen to live with him, but he is worried about his wife's reaction regarding the mentally challenged Erming. He decides to leave Erming in a mental hospital for a couple of weeks whilst he goes back to Shenzhen to make preparations. This is not received well by Erming, however, as he struggles to cope at the mental hospital after fighting with the hospital attendants. In response to the situation, Daming decides to bring Erming back to the bathhouse again and temporarily resume operations. Meanwhile, the entire district is due to be demolished to make way for commercial development. As removalists begin to move old furniture out of the bathhouse, Erming furiously attempts to stop the removalists from moving out the furniture in an attempt to keep the bathhouse. Eventually, he is convinced by Daming to accept the reality of the situation. The film concludes with a group of old customers gathering in the bathhouse for the last time, removing old paintings and portraits from the walls. Simultaneously, Erming begins nostalgically singing the tune of O Sole Mio as a final farewell to the bathhouse."] ["Annelle Dupuy , a recent beauty school graduate, is hired by Truvy Jones  to work in her home-based beauty salon. M'Lynn Eatenton , a good friend of Truvy's, and her daughter, Shelby , arrive at Truvy's to prepare for Shelby's wedding, which is taking place later that day. Also arriving at the salon are Ouiser  Boudreaux , a grouchy, two-time widow, and Clairee Belcher , also a widow, who is cheerful and enjoys taking cracks at Ouiser whenever possible. During an argument with her mother over whether or not she should bear a child, Shelby, who has type one diabetes, falls into a state of hypoglycemia, but she recovers quickly with some orange juice provided by her mother and the other women in the salon. Several months pass, and Shelby announces to her family that she and her husband Jackson  are expecting their first child. Although the majority of her family is thrilled, M'Lynn is worried that Shelby's body cannot handle the stress of childbirth. Shelby successfully delivers a baby boy, Jackson Jr. However, several months later Shelby begins showing signs of kidney failure and starts dialysis. M'Lynn offers to donate a kidney to her daughter and the transplant takes place the day after Jackson Jr's first birthday. Three to four months following the transplant, Shelby's body rejects the kidney and she collapses into a coma. The doctors inform the family that Shelby will likely remain comatose indefinitely, and her family and husband jointly decide to remove Shelby from life support. At the funeral, after the other mourners have left, M'Lynn breaks down in hysterics in front of Clairee, Truvy, Annelle and Ouiser, but the other women are able to give support to M'Lynn through humor and love. Later, at the wake, M'Lynn begins to accept her daughter's death and focuses her energy on helping Jackson raise his son/her grandson. Annelle, who is now married and pregnant, asks M'Lynn if she could name her own baby after Shelby. Months later, on Easter morning, Annelle goes into labor during an Easter egg hunt and is rushed to the hospital and another life begins."] ['Benjamin Fiedler  is the 13-year-old and Jewish son of Adam and Joanne Fiedler . After attending the elaborate bar mitzvah party for the son of Arnie Stein ([[Larry Miller  - which was done on a cruise ship, with a Titanic theme - Benjamin\'s parents decide to go all out for his bar mitzvah. The plan is to rent Dodger Stadium for the bar mitzvah party, complete with movie stars and everything. Adam even books Neil Diamond to sing the National Anthem. However, Benjamin does not want to go through with it, as he does not even understand the words of the haftorah he has to read as part of his bar mitzvah rite. To try to stall the planning, he secretly invites his grandfather Irwin , who is now living on an Indian reservation with a New Age woman named Sacred Feather . When Benjamin\'s grandfather arrives, it puts a kink in the planning - as Irwin had a falling out with his son Adam, both for having left Adam when he was a teenager, and for Adam\'s own humiliating bar mitzvah. Irwin must then pull off somehow reconciling with his son while helping his grandson deal with the question of what it means to be a "man." Now appreciating his bar mitzvah not as an excuse to throw a party but rather as a rite of passage in his Jewish life, Benjamin gets up the courage to tell his parents to call off the over-the-top bash they had planned. After he does very well at the service the party is just a casual backyard affair with lunch, a klezmer band  and lots of family and friends.'] ["Eddie Hopper is a construction contractor from Long Island, New York, with two grown daughters. One of them, Betsy, is about to be married. Money is tight in the Hopper household, but Eddie, much to the distress of his wife, Lola, decides that it is important to throw a lavish wedding to impress the well-off family of the man Betsy is to marry. Everyone in the family is throwing advice Eddie's way, even the ghost of his father. A new house Eddie is building is adding to his financial and emotional woes. In desperation, he turns to his crooked brother-in-law, Oscar, who ends up getting Eddie involved with loan sharks. A young man named Stevie Dee is sent to keep an eye on Eddie, but instead turns his gaze to Connie Hopper, who is not only a police officer but the other daughter of the father of the bride."] ['The life of housewife Francine Fishpaw ([[Divine  is crumbling around her in her middle-class suburban Baltimore home. Her husband, Elmer , is a polyester-clad lout who owns an X-rated theater, causing anti-pornography protesters to picket the Fishpaws\' house. She also states that "all the neighborhood women spit at me" whenever she is at the shopping mall. Francine\'s children are Lu-Lu , her spoiled, slutty daughter, and Dexter , her delinquent, glue-sniffing son who derives illicit pleasure from stomping on women\'s feet. Also adding to Francine\'s troubles is her snobby, class-conscious, cocaine-snorting mother, La Rue , who robs Francine blind and only cares about her "valuable shopping time." Francine seeks solace in her best friend, Cuddles Kovinsky , an independently wealthy, simple-minded woman and the world\'s oldest debutante. Cuddles was once the Fishpaws\' housekeeper, but she inherited a large sum of money from a very affluent family that she used to work for, and who has befriended Francine. This infuriates La Rue, who admonishes Francine, "She was a scrubwoman. Give her... car fare...a ham at Easter, but for God\'s sake, don\'t hang around with her!" Cuddles tries to cheer Francine with "seize-the-day" bromides, to no avail. Francine discovers that her husband is having an affair with his secretary, Sandra Sullivan , and later confronts them during a tryst at a motel and demands a divorce. Francine then falls into alcoholism and depression, exacerbated by her children\'s behavior: Lu-Lu becomes pregnant by her delinquent boyfriend, Bo-Bo , and she tells her mother, "I\'m having an abortion, and I can\'t wait!"; and after Dexter is arrested at a supermarket for stomping on a woman\'s foot, the media reveal that he\'s the "Baltimore foot stomper". Lu-Lu goes to a family planning clinic for an abortion, but is harassed by anti-abortion picketers. She flees, goes home, and tries to induce a miscarriage, causing Francine to call an unwed mothers\' home. Two nuns  arrive, cart Lu-Lu out of the house, lock her in the trunk of a car, and take her to a Catholic home for unwed mothers. Meanwhile, on Halloween evening, La Rue is shot by Bo-Bo and his friend, who have come to trash the Fishpaw house. La Rue manages to retrieve the gun and shoots Bo-Bo dead. Lu-Lu comes home from the unwed mothers\' home and, upon discovering her dead boyfriend, tries to commit suicide by sticking her head in the oven. Francine comes home, sees her daughter\'s suicide attempt, and faints. After this, Francine\'s life begins to change. Dexter is released from jail, completely rehabilitated. Lu-Lu suffers a miscarriage from her suicide attempt and sees the error of her ways, turning from a high-school harlot to an artistic flower child who enthuses, "Look, mother, I\'ve discovered macramé!". Francine finally summons the strength to tell off La Rue. A beacon of light arrives in the form of lounge-suit-wearing, Corvette-driving Todd Tomorrow , lifting Francine\'s spirits. Todd proposes marriage to an elated Francine, who accepts. However, it is soon revealed that Todd is romantically involved with La Rue and they are conspiring to embezzle Francine\'s divorce settlement and drive her insane. Meanwhile, Elmer and Sandra break into the house to kill Francine, but are felled by Dexter and Lu-Lu. Dexter steps on Sandra\'s foot, causing her to accidentally shoot Elmer; Lu-Lu uses her macramé to strangle Sandra. Cuddles and her German chauffeur/fiancé Heintz  arrive and drive their limousine into La Rue and Todd. The film concludes with a happy ending for Francine, her children, and Cuddles and Heintz.'] ["Dawn Wiener  is a shy, unattractive, unpopular 7th grader in a middle-class suburban community in New Jersey. Her older brother, Mark , is a nerdy, snooty high school student who plays clarinet in a garage band and shuns girls in order to prepare for college. Dawn's younger sister, Missy , is a spoiled, manipulative little girl who pesters Dawn and dances happily in a tutu. Their mother  is a shrewish, overbearing woman who dotes on Missy and always sides with her in disputes with Dawn. Their father  is a meek, selfish man who always sides with Dawn's mother, even though Dawn's mother constantly targets Dawn for multiple reasons. Dawn's only friend is an effeminate fifth-grade boy named Ralphy , with whom she shares a dilapidated clubhouse in her backyard. Dawn's life in junior high is miserable: Her classmates call her names and cover her locker with derisive graffiti, the cheerleaders call her a lesbian, her cranky teacher unfairly keeps her after school, she is threatened with rape by a bully named Brandon McCarthy , who has almost as much trouble socializing as she does and she is bulled by Lolita , who thinks of herself as Brandon's girlfriend and forces her to use the toilet while Lolita watches in one scene. Her attempts to take out her frustrations only get her into trouble: At home, her mother punishes her for calling Missy a lesbian and refusing to be nice to her; at school, she accidentally hits a teacher in the eye with a spitball. Brandon's first attempt to rape Dawn fails, but he orders her to meet him again. After she presents herself to him and he takes her to an abandoned field, he starts an earnest conversation and only kisses her, even though she is obviously willing. Meanwhile, Mark's band is joined by Steve Rodgers , a charismatic and handsome aspiring rock musician in exchange for Mark's help in computer science class. Dawn immediately falls for him, and she decides to pursue him romantically after he spends some time with her, even though one of his former girlfriends explained to her that she has no chance. As the film continues, Dawn and Brandon treat each other ambivalently: He bonds with her in her clubhouse only after another girl rejects him, and Dawn pursues him only after Steve rejects her. Toward the end of the film, Brandon is expelled from school for suspected drug dealing and, after kissing Dawn, runs away to avoid being sent to military school. After angrily rejecting Ralphy, Dawn is left with no friends at all. Meanwhile, the next occasion of Dawn's embarrassment is a lawn party to celebrate her parents' anniversary. When she refuses to tear down her clubhouse to make room for the party, her mother has Mark and Missy destroy it and gives them her share of a chocolate cake. At the party, Steve plays with Missy and Missy pushes Dawn into a kiddie pool. That evening, the family watches a videotape of the party, laughing when Dawn falls into the water; later that night, Dawn smashes the tape to pieces and briefly brandishes her hammer over Missy as she sleeps. Dawn's ultimate disaster occurs when her father's car breaks down and her mother has to pick him up. Dawn is to tell Missy to find a ride home from ballet class while their mother is away. However, Missy argues with Dawn, who retaliates by not telling her, with the result that Missy is kidnapped. When Missy's tutu is found in Times Square, Dawn goes to New York City hoping to find Missy and become a hero to make her difficult parents notice and respect her. After a full day and night of searching fruitlessly for Missy, Dawn phones home to check up on what is going on and Mark tells her that Missy has been found by the police after she was abducted by a pedophile neighbor. Dawn returns home dejected and sees that her mother was too preoccupied with Missy's traumatic kidnapping ordeal to even notice Dawn's absence. After this, Dawn's classmates make fun of her as she gives a thank you speech in the assembly hall. Dawn is relieved that summer is now here and that her painful ordeal at school is over... at least for the next three months. Afterwards, Dawn's mental state takes a further blow when Mark offers her no hope of a better life until high school... which according to him is not much better. The final scene shows Dawn sitting anonymously among her other classmates on the school bus as she obediently joins other students singing the school anthem during the field trip to Florida as she sorrowfully looks out the bus window to ponder her uncertain future."] ["Jack  and Sarah  are expecting a baby together, but a complication during the birth leads to the death of Sarah. Jack, grief-stricken, goes on an alcoholic bender, leaving his daughter to be taken care of by his parents and Sarah's mother, until they decide to take drastic action: they return the baby to Jack whilst he is asleep, leaving him to take care of it. Although he struggles initially, he eventually begins to dote on the child and names her Sarah. Despite this, he nevertheless finds it increasingly difficult to juggle bringing up the baby with his high-powered job, and though both sets of the child's grandparents lend a hand (along with William , he needs more help. Amy , an American waitress he meets in a restaurant who takes a shine to Sarah, takes up the role as nanny, moving in with Jack after one meeting. Although clashing with William and the grandparents - especially Jack's mother, Margaret , Jack and Amy gradually grow closer - but Jack's boss has also taken an interest in him."] ['The Narrator  tells us how the radio influenced his childhood in the days before TV. Allen himself narrated the stories of his youth, although he is never seen by the audience. The young Allen is portrayed onscreen by Seth Green as "Joe". In the New York City of his youth in the late 1930s to a rooftop overlooking Times Square on New Year\'s Eve 1944, this coming-of-age tale mixes the narrator\'s experiences with his remembrances and anecdotes, inserting his memories of urban legends of the radio stars, and is told in constantly changing plot points and vignettes. Even though the narrator\'s Jewish-American family lives modestly in the Queens, New York neighborhood of Rockaway Beach, each member at one point during the film finds in radio shows an escape from reality through the gossip of celebrities, sports legends of the day, game shows, and crooners, with the majority of the stories taking place in the glitz and glamour of Manhattan. For the narrator, the action adventure shows on the radio  inspire him, as he daydreams about buying a secret decoder ring, an attractive substitute teacher, movie stars , and World War II. Meanwhile, several other parallel stories are told, from an aspiring radio star named Sally White , the narrator\'s Aunt Bea  and her  search for love, and during the middle of the film on the radio the tragic story is told about a little girl named Polly Phelps, who falls into a well near Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. It becomes a big national story and as the family listens in, sadly little Polly does not survive.'] ['When Louise, a high-powered female attorney , discovers that her husband Ian  is about to leave her for another woman Sara , she prevents him from doing so by binding him to a chair with duct tape. She tries to persuade and convince him that he still loves her, but everything she says fails to change his mind. He lies and promises that he still loves her and won\'t run away when she frees him. When he tries to escape, she knocks him out with a flower pot and tapes him to a toilet. She then leaves the house to purchase groceries to make a "romantic meal." While she is out, a lawn service boy comes by to mow the lawn, and Ian successfully yells for help and gets his attention. The boy, realizing that there is no one else in the house, begins robbing their house. When Louise returns, the burglar attacks her and brings her into the bathroom with Ian. During their captivity, Ian realizes that he does still love his wife, and the couple makes up. The next morning, Sara  comes to the house, furious that Ian did not show up at the airport to go to Paris with her. The burglars put Sara into the bathroom with the reconciled couple, and the three discuss their love triangle situation. They manage to escape by calling the police from Sara\'s cell phone, which is in her back pocket. After the whole ordeal, Ian chooses to stay with Louise. Some time later, Ian and Louise have sold their house and are moving away. They have had a baby as they had tried to in the past. They decide to have lunch one last time in town before they move. While walking to the restaurant, they walk past the same burglar who robbed their house, and the burglar nods at them in recognition. Louise looks away and walks away quickly, and Ian looks stunned .'] ['Small-town New Providence, New Jersey attorney Mike Flaherty  moonlights as a wrestling coach and struggles to keep his practice solvent, while shielding his wife Jackie  and their two young girls, Abby and Stella, from the extent of the problem. When his court-appointed client, Leo Poplar , who is suffering from early dementia, turns out to have no locatable relatives, he persuades a judge to appoint him as guardian, for which he will receive a stipend of $1,500 per month. When Leo\'s troubled teenage grandson, Kyle  shows up from Columbus, Ohio looking to live with him, Mike and Jackie let him stay with them, as Mike has moved Leo to a senior care facility. Kyle tries to break into Leo\'s old house, and when Mike and Jackie question him about it, he reveals his troubled family life. His mom is in rehab, she lives with her boyfriend, and he doesn\'t want to go back. After Kyle sits in on practice, they discover that he is a talented wrestler, and enroll him at Mike\'s high school, where he can resume his education and wrestle on Mike\'s losing team, helping to make them viable contenders in their league. This "everyone benefits" setup is disrupted when Kyle\'s mother Cindy  shows up, fresh out of rehab. Cindy attempts to gain custody of her father and her son, and with them her father\'s substantial estate. When Kyle learns that Mike had originally promised to keep Leo in his home but has instead moved him to a nursing home, the boy rejects him as a money-seeking opportunist no better than his mother. Realizing the mistake of his earlier actions, and seeking instead to do what\'s best for both Leo and Kyle, Mike offers Cindy the monthly stipend in exchange for leaving them in his care. He and Jackie take Kyle into their home permanently and return Leo to his, with Mike instead taking a bartending job to address his financial problems.'] [' A shy videographer  and an uninspired artist working as a waitress  meet on the Internet and spark a relationship. Fed up with the usual dating game, the two decide to not communicate verbally, only through artistic means to see if they can make it work.'] ["Andrea Dowd , a single parent, is struggling to raise her ten-year-old son, Joshua . Andrea's concerned about Joshua's interests. Instead of wanting to be on the school wrestling team, Joshua strives to be on the cheerleading squad. When students are told to come to school dressed as an influential role model, Joshua chooses Maria von Trapp. The film explores Andrea's internal battle of wanting her son to be normal, and embracing his individuality and accepting him how he is.Official Website/StoryFandango"] ['Birdee Pruitt  is a Chicago housewife who is invited onto a talk show under the pretense of a free makeover. The makeover she is given is hardly what she has in mind...as she is ambushed with the revelation that her husband Bill has been having an affair behind her back with her best friend Connie. Humiliated on national television, Birdee and her daughter Bernice  move back to Birdee\'s hometown of Smithville, Texas with Birdee\'s eccentric mother Ramona  to try to make a fresh start. As Birdee and Bernice leave Chicago, Birdee gives Bernice a letter from her father, telling Bernice how much he misses her. Birdee struggles to make a new life for herself as a working single mother and must deal with the growing attraction between herself and a former high school classmate, Justin Matisse . She also must deal with rebuilding her relationship with her estranged mother, her ailing father , and her daughter, who wants desperately to be with her father and blames her mother for the breakup, even going so far as to try to sabotage the romantic overtures Justin makes towards Birdee. Adding to Birdee\'s heartache is her former status as the school queen bee and a three-time beauty pageant winner, alienating many of her former classmates who have never left Smithville or have left and returned. They also haven\'t forgotten Birdee\'s high school snobbery and rub her nose in her televised embarrassment from her husband and former friend. Ramona tries to mend the gap between her daughter and granddaughter by telling a story about the importance of family if hope is to come alive through a childhood story of her own. She asks Bernice what she\'s wishing for her birthday. Though Bernice doesn\'t say it, she secretly wishes for her father to return. That night, as Ramona is preparing for bed, she suffers a massive heart attack and drops her cup of tea. This alerts Birdee and she rushes to her mothers\' side trying to wake her up, but Ramona dies. At the funeral, Bill arrives at the church, joining the large crowd of mourners for Ramona. Bernice believes that her father\'s presence is a sign that her wish has come true...that her father wants them both to come home and life will be the same as it was in Chicago. She murmurs a thank you to her deceased grandmother. Bernice, who has long been the apple of her father\'s eye, is dealt a hard blow of reality, when it becomes clear to her that her parents\' split is permanent when Bill asks Birdee for a divorce. Wanting to be with her father, Bernice is devastated when he tells her that though he loves her, he has no room for her in his new life with Connie. Bernice tries to beg her father to bring her along, knowing how much he wanted her in the letter he wrote to her at the start of the film. Crushed at the thought that her father put another woman before her, Bernice breaks down sobbing, screaming for him to come back. Bill turns his back on her and drives off, leaving her to be comforted by her mother. Bernice ultimately accepts Bill\'s departure from her life as a full-time parent, and begins to accept Justin as her mother\'s new love interest and a father figure. Both mother and daughter share a tender yet humorous moment when Bernice asks Birdee if she\'s going to marry Justin. When Birdee asks her if she means she doesn\'t like Justin, Bernice says her only real concern is being known as "Bernice Matisse."'] ['The story begins with attorney Walter Fielding and his girlfriend Anna Crowley learning of his father Walter Sr.\'s wedding in Rio de Janeiro, after escaping the country after having embezzled millions of dollars from their musician clients. The next morning, the couple hears noises and are surprised to find workmen putting furnishings around their apartment and a man asking them, "you’re still here?!" It becomes clear that Walter and Anna do not own the apartment; it belongs to Anna\'s ex-husband Max Beissart , a self-loving conductor who has returned unexpectedly early from a tour in Europe and intends to take up residence again. Walter and Anna now need a place of their own. Through an unscrupulous real estate agent friend, Walter learns about a million dollar distress sale mansion. He and Anna meet the owner, Estelle , who claims she must sell the house quickly because her husband Carlos  has been arrested by the Israelis, having been accused of being Adolf Hitler\'s pool boy. Her sob story and insistence of keeping the place in candlelight in order to save money "for the goddamn, bloodsucking lawyers" distracts Walter and enchants Anna, who finds it romantic. Walter and Anna decide to buy the house, but Anna insists on putting up half of the money needed for the repairs. She turns to Max for her half of the money by selling him back what she got in their divorce. Walter gets his half from his wealthiest client, a rock star named Benny, who happens to be a kid. From the moment Walter and Anna take possession of the house, it quickly begins to fall apart. The entire front door frame rips out of the wall, the main staircase collapses, the plumbing is found to be full of gunk, the electrical system catches fire, the bathtub crashes through the floor , the chimney collapses and a raccoon has invaded the dumbwaiter. Contractors Art  and Brad Shirk  are called in, work permits are issued and the job is originally estimated to take two weeks. This is because the original intent was to demolish the house. Still, the estimate of two weeks is a running gag throughout the movie. When asked how long a process will take, the answer is always "two weeks". Walter is increasingly frustrated by the delays and increasing cost and dubs the house "the Money Pit". The repair work ends up taking four months. Anna attempts to secure more funds from Max by selling him some artwork she received in their divorce. Max does not care about the artwork, but gives her the money anyway. He wines and dines her and she ends up in a compromising situation. The morning after he agrees to buy the paintings from Anna, Max allows her to believe her assumption — having woken up in Max\'s bed — that she has cheated on Walter, but in reality Max slept on the couch. Walter later asks Anna point-blank if she slept with Max, but Anna hastily denies it. Walter\'s suspicions push Anna to admit that she slept with Max, but the damage is done. Anna later confides in Max that, "He  can\'t forgive me and I can\'t forgive him for that." Due to Walter and Anna\'s stubbornness, their relationship becomes more and more hostile and in a rare moment of agreement, vow to sell the house once it is restored and split the proceeds. This nearly happens, but Walter misses Anna and says he loves her even if she did sleep with Max. Anna happily states that she did not sleep with Max and the two reconcile. In the end, they are married in front of their new house. The movie ends with a cutaway back to Rio de Janeiro, where Estelle and Carlos — now revealed to be con artists — are taking a cash-filled briefcase from Walter Sr. and his new bride, who is thrilled to be getting such a great deal for a house.'] ["Theresa Jones  takes her boyfriend, Simon Green  home to meet her parents on the occasion of her parents' 25th wedding anniversary. Her father, Percy , dislikes Green almost immediately because of his race . With the help of his personal assistant Reggie , Percy tries to dig up as much dirt on Simon as he can. This temporarily strains his relationship with his wife, Marilyn ([[Judith Scott . Little does Theresa know that Simon has just quit his job. In order to impress Percy, Simon embarks upon a series of lies, which are discovered. Both couples quarrel but reconcile, and everyone learns a valuable lesson in race relations."] ['Criminal Herbert I. "Hi" McDunnough  and policewoman Edwina "Ed"  meet after she takes the mugshots of the recidivist. With continued visits, Hi learns that Ed\'s fiancé has left her. Hi proposes to her after his latest release from prison, and the two get married. They move into a desert mobile home, and Hi gets a job in a machine shop. They want to have children, but Ed discovers that she is infertile. Due to Hi\'s criminal record, they cannot adopt a child. The couple learns of the "Arizona Quints," sons of locally famous furniture magnate Nathan Arizona ; Hi and Ed kidnap one of the five babies, whom they believe to be Nathan Junior. Hi and Ed return home and are soon visited by Hi\'s prison buddies, Gale and Evelle Snoats (John Goodman and [[William Forsythe , who have just escaped from prison. Under the brothers\' influence, Hi is tempted to return to his felonious ways. Their problems get worse when Hi\'s supervisor, Glen , proposes wife swapping and Hi assaults him. That night, Hi decides to steal a package of diapers for the baby and flees on foot from the convenience store chased by police, gun-toting store cashiers, and a pack of dogs. Ed eventually picks him up, leading to a tense ride home. At the McDunnough residence the next day, Glen approaches Hi to fire him and reveal that he has deduced Junior\'s identity and blackmails Hi, threatening to turn him over to the police unless he and Dot get custody of Junior. Gale and Evelle overhear this conversation and turn on Hi, tying him up and taking Junior for themselves. Gale and Evelle leave with plans to rob a "hayseed" bank with Junior in tow. When Ed comes home, she frees Hi and the two arm themselves and set out to retrieve their child together. En route, Ed suggests that they should end their marriage after recovering the boy. Nathan Arizona Sr. is approached by the bounty hunter Leonard Smalls  who offers to find the child. Nathan Sr. declines the offer, believing that Smalls is his son\'s kidnapper. Smalls decides to recover the child anyway to sell on the black market. He begins tracking Gale and Evelle and learns of their bank robbery plans. Gale and Evelle rob the bank but forget to take Junior in the car on their getaway. One of the bank\'s anti-theft dye canisters explodes in their loot sack, disabling the car and incapacitating them. At the bank, Smalls arrives for Junior just ahead of Ed and Hi. Ed grabs the baby and flees; Hi is able to fend Smalls off for a while, but soon finds himself at Smalls\' mercy. As Smalls throws Hi to the ground and prepares to kill him, Hi holds up his hand to reveal that he has pulled the pin from one of the hand grenades on Smalls\' vest. Smalls struggles, but is blown to pieces by the grenade. Hi and Ed sneak Junior back into the Arizona home and are confronted by Nathan Sr. After Nathan Sr. learns why they took his son, he understands the couple\'s predicament and counsels the young couple. When Hi and Ed say that they are breaking up, he advises them to sleep on it. Hi and Ed go to sleep in the same bed, and Hi has a dream about Gale and Evelle reforming after returning to prison; Glen gets his due from a Polish-American police officer after "telling one Polack joke too many"; and Nathan Jr. gets a football for Christmas from "a kindly couple who wish to remain anonymous," later becoming a football star. The dream ends with an elderly couple together enjoying a holiday visit from a large family of children and grandchildren.'] ["Louise Randall Pierson does not have an easy life. When she is a teenager, her beloved father dies, leaving her, her mother, and her sister in financial difficulty. However, heeding her father's advice to shoot for the stars, she remains undaunted. She goes to college and learns typing and shorthand; on her first  job, she overcomes the prejudice of her new boss, Lew Morton, against women workers. Then, though they have very different ideas about a woman's place, she marries Rodney Crane, who goes to work in the banking industry. Four children are born in rapid succession. Louise nurses her brood through a bout of infantile paralysis; one is left somewhat lame. After ten years though, Rodney tires of her self-reliance and divorces her to marry a younger woman more in keeping with his conservative idea of what a wife should be. A year later, Louise meets Harold C. Pierson, who is less driven, but just as unconventional. After only a few hours acquaintance, he asks her to marry him, and she  accepts. They have a son. Louise inspires Harold to venture into his family's business and take out a loan to build greenhouses to grow roses. They are just about to clear the last $30,000 of their debt when the market collapses due to oversupply. They have to sell off most of their possessions and take to the road. They then encounter Svend Olsen, an aircraft builder in need of financing. Harold and the children overcome her resistance, and they commit their time and money to the venture. However, once again, their timing is bad. The day after the airplane is completed and shown to enthusiastic potential backers, the stock market crashes. The family is uprooted once more. Two sons go to Yale University, and one of the daughters gets married. The rest of the family manages to get by with various jobs. Then, on Louise's birthday, Germany invades Poland and starts World War II. Soon, all three sons enlist; the youngest is only seventeen, but gets his mother's reluctant consent to join the Army Reserve. As he eagerly rushes off to the recruitment center, Louise laments to her husband about her failure to provide their children with a stable, prosperous life. He assures her that her indomitable example, undaunted by failure after failure, is all they need, that they may be down from time to time, but will never be out. Then the two start to discuss their next project, buying a farm."] ["Vivian Abromowitz's family are penniless nomads, moving from one cheap apartment to another in Beverly Hills, so that Vivian and her brothers can attend the city's prestigious schools. The family father is Murray, a divorced 65-year-old who refuses to retire, working as an unsuccessful Oldsmobile salesman at a time when sales of small foreign cars such as Hondas and Toyotas are booming while those of large American vehicles are flat or falling. Vivian's wealthy Uncle Mickey regularly sends the family money to help them survive. When Mickey's 29-year-old daughter Rita runs away from a rehab facility, Murray offers her shelter if Mickey will pay for a plush apartment. Vivian must babysit her adult cousin, making sure she gets to nursing school and avoids pills and booze. But Vivian has her own problems: she's curious about sex, likes an older neighbor kid , has inherited her mother's ample breasts, and wants a family that doesn't embarrass her. Vivian's older brother Ben aspires to a show business career, while her dad aspires to feminine companionship but won't give in to a wealthy lady-friend's desire that he send his kids back East to live with his estranged wife. Vivian's younger brother Rickey simply aspires to get attention. Vivian and Rita become close and speak sometimes in an invented language which sounds like gibberish. Vivian learns that Rita has no desire to go to nursing school and also has no clue as to what to do with her life. Murray attempts to cover up Rita's lack of progress at nursing school, when Mickey asks for progress reports. Eventually, Mickey, frustrated at having to support his brother's family and also learning of their deception concerning his daughter, explodes during a meeting between the two families, telling Murray he's tired of sending them money. Depressed and dejected, Murray once again packs the kids into his car and they take off. In an attempt to cheer her father up, Vivian suggests that the family stop for steak for breakfast—a ritual regularly shared by the family as a means of cheering themselves up."] ["In the film, Eddie  returns to his home town on the south coast of New South Wales. Having left for the city without explanation a few years previously, he tries to pick up the pieces of his life and fit back in to the lives of those he left, including his ex-girlfriend Tully  and brother Pete . The title of the film comes from Eddie's nickname and from his attempts to make a living poaching mullet. The film succeeds in a very human portrayal of the difficulties in living on the fringe of a close-knit community. The drama of the developing relationships is supported by very dry comedy  and detailed but understated design."] ['Tony Manetta is a single father, a widower, raising 11-year-old son Ally while owning and operating a small Miami Beach hotel called the Garden of Eden. In debt, given 48 hours by his bank to raise a little more than $5,000 or else lose his hotel, Tony in desperation tells older brother Mario that he needs a loan for Ally\'s sake, lying that the boy is ill. Mario and wife Sophie promptly fly from New York to Florida and find out the truth. Tony is "a bum" in Mario\'s eyes who puts his time and money into fanciful schemes rather than honest work. He is willing to stake Tony with funds, but only to begin a sensible small business such as a five-and-ten store. Tony also is set up with Eloise Rogers, a widow and acquaintance of Sophie\'s, who is seen to be a more appropriate companion for Tony than his current girlfriend, Shirl. To his surprise, Tony is impressed with Eloise and his son Ally takes an immediate liking to her. Mario offends her with prying questions about her husband\'s will and finances, causing Tony to confess that\'s the reason they were introduced. Eloise reveals to Tony that having lost both her husband and son, she appreciates the notion of being with someone again who needs her. An old pal, Jerry Marks, now a wealthy promoter, invites Tony to a party. Pretending to be more prosperous than he is, Tony explains his idea to buy a piece of land in Florida and open a second Disneyland there. Jerry seems interested in being his partner. He takes Tony to a dog-racing track, where Tony uses the $500 he earned from selling his car to match Jerry\'s large bet. His dog wins, but Jerry coaxes him into letting it ride in the next race on a dog called Lucky Ally. The obvious desperation in Tony\'s voice as he roots for the dog to win makes it clear that he is not a man of means. Jerry insults him afterward, and when Tony throws a handout back in his face, Tony is punched by one of Jerry\'s associates. Literally a beaten man, Tony decides the best thing for Ally is to go live with Mario and Sophie from now on, even telling the unconvinced boy that he\'s not wanted. Tony goes off to the beach by himself, but Ally runs out to be with him, and soon they are joined by Eloise.'] ['Ryden Malby graduates from college in the middle of the late-2000s recession and is forced to move back in with her parents, because her dream job has been given to her arrogant college nemesis Jessica Bard. Ryden and her best friend Adam who has had a longtime crush on her must find a job for Ryden before she loses hope for her future dream as an editor of a big publishing company. But will sudden feelings for her longtime friend interfere with her dreams?'] ["A mismatched couple discovers that whatever can go wrong will go wrong during a family visit in this comedy. Leni  is a television reporter from a Jewish family in Spain. One weekend, Leni drops by her family's home for a visit, with her new boyfriend, college professor Rafi , in tow. Rafi is more than a bit nervous about meeting Leni's family - chronically nervous mother Gloria , blustery father Ernesto , dance-student sister Tania , strait-laced bother David , and addled grandfather Dudu . But Leni quickly makes matters worse when she announces to her family, who are waiting for Ernesto to return from work, that Rafi just happens to be Palestinian. Matters become a bit tense after that as Rafi accidentally drops a block of frozen soup out the high rise window while joking with Tania's young daughter - hitting a man on the head who might just be Ernesto. He and Leni sneak outside to call an ambulance before returning inside because Leni doesn't want to ruin her career with such a scandal. But when Rafi sees Tania's daughter's drawing of Ernesto he realizes what he may have done. As tensions raise, the entire family becomes more and more exuberant, ending with Leni telling her mother of Tania's suspicion that Ernesto is cheating on her. At this point Rafi finally manages to tell Leni he think the man was her father so that Gloria, Tania, Rafi and Leni all rush out of the building to Ernesto's office to try and catch him in the act . We see that Ernesto was not actually dead and he wakes up with some memory loss, leading him to believe that a prostitute is his wife who quickly throws him out when she realizes he has no money. Ernesto continues to wander hopelessly. The family meanwhile arrives at his office only to find another bald man having an affair who tells them Ernesto already left. As Tania and Rafi wait for Leni and Gloria who are having a mother-daughter conversation, Tania seduces Rafi with a dance to a song he knows. She kisses him but he rejects her. When they return, Leni is convinced that Tania slept with him which leads Tania to finally cast off her apparent apathetic view of the family. Everyone leaves the office reconciled and upon their return home, Ernesto is driven up by a woman on a scooter who found him wandering the streets and the family is whole again."] ['39 year-old Brennan Huff and 40 year-old Dale Doback  are two unemployed, middle-aged and spoiled men who still live with and are reliant on their parents. They have no intention of moving out or finding jobs and behave childishly. When Brennan\'s mother Nancy  and Dale\'s father Robert  marry, Brennan and Dale are forced to live with each other as step brothers. Their parents warn them that they must find jobs within a month or else be forced out of the house. When Brennan\'s younger brother Derek ([[Adam Scott  comes to visit with his oddly perfect family, he too mocks them and entices Dale to punch him in the face. Brennan is awed that Dale was able to stand up to Derek. Meanwhile, Brennan\'s sister-in-law Alice  who is also resentful of Derek, finds Dale\'s courage a turn on. Brennan and Dale discover their many shared interests and develop a strong personal bond. Brennan and Dale take job interviews in which they perform very poorly by being rude to two of their potential employers as well as pointing out too many of their flaws and offending a third , when Dale passes gas for fifteen seconds. Left with few options they decide to start their own entertainment company. However, Robert and Nancy reveal their plans to retire and sail the world, forcing Brennan and Dale to find other living arrangements. Brennan and Dale sabotage attempts to sell the house. On Christmas Eve, Brennan and Dale\'s childish behavior has taken a toll on their parents\' marriage. Making matters worse, the boys attack Robert after he tries to wake them. Angered to his limits Robert announces his intention to divorce Nancy at Christmas dinner the following day, causing Brennan and Dale to break down. Brennan and Dale blame each other for the divorce and they go their separate ways. Brennan starts working for Derek\'s helicopter leasing firm and Dale works for a catering company. Brennan, wanting to reunite the broken family, takes the initiative to arrange Derek\'s sales party, inviting Robert and Nancy. The party is a success and Brennan wins Randy\'s respect and approval. Robert then encourages Brennan and Dale to be their eccentric child-at-heart selves again, seeing as they are now both miserable in their "adult" lives. Brennan and Dale then take to the stage and perform "Por ti Volare." The audience is eventually moved by the performance and tensions are alleviated. After the performance, Brennan and Derek make amends. Brennan and Dale form a successful entertainment company that runs karaoke events. Six months later, Robert and Nancy are reunited and move back into their old home.'] ['Dave the Dude  is a successful, very superstitious New York City gangster who buys apples from street peddler Apple Annie  to bring him good luck. On the eve of a very important meeting, he finds Annie terribly upset. Annie, it turns out, has a daughter named Louise , who was sent to a school in Europe as a child, but is now a grown woman. Louise believes her mother to be wealthy socialite Mrs. E. Worthington Manville, and she is bringing her aristocratic fiancé Carlos and his father, Count Alfonso Romero , to meet her. Annie has been pretending that she resides in a luxurious hotel  and has Louise\'s letters mailed there, then intercepted by a friend and handed over to her. Dave\'s good-hearted girlfriend Queenie Martin  persuades him to help Annie continue her charade. Queenie takes on the task of transforming the derelict into a dowager. Dave arranges for cultured pool hustler "Judge" Henry G. Blake ([[Thomas Mitchell  to pose as Annie\'s husband. He installs her in an out-of-town friend\'s suite in the hotel, complete with Hudgins , his friend\'s butler. When Dave keeps postponing a meeting with an extremely powerful gangster to help Annie, his right-hand man Joy Boy  becomes increasingly exasperated. Dave manages to engineer a lavish reception with New York\'s mayor and governor as guests. Louise and her impressed future husband and father-in-law return to Europe, none the wiser about her mother\'s real identity.'] ['Jackie and Luke Harrison  are a divorced couple that are struggling to raise their children, Anna  and Ben , happy with this sudden change of lifestyle. This is far from easy, as Luke, an attorney, is living with his new girlfriend Isabel , a successful fashion photographer several years his junior. Isabel tries very hard to make Anna and Ben feel comfortable and happy with her, but Anna repeatedly rejects her overtures while Ben, who is generally kind to Isabel, adds extra complication with his mischievous nature. Isabel behaves with contempt tempered by caution around Jackie, believing she overcompensates for her divorce by spoiling her children. Conversely, Jackie, a former publisher turned stay-at-home-mom, gives Isabel a cold reception, seeing her as an overly ambitious career woman. She also continues to harbor malice against Luke . After a long string of arguments and hurt feelings between Isabel, Jackie and Anna, Luke proposes to Isabel, making her Anna and Ben\'s soon-to-be official stepmom. This causes even more friction. However, Jackie is diagnosed with lymphoma, which is discovered to be terminal. She experiences a range of negative emotions, angry at the woman who she feels played a role in her broken family, and angry at the fact that after all of the sacrifices she made for her family, she will not even get to see her children grow up. Both Jackie and Isabel clash repeatedly, largely over Isabel\'s parenting. This becomes evident when Ben goes missing on Isabel\'s watch and Jackie claims that she has never lost him, which she later admits to be untrue. However, they manage to call a shaky truce, as both Jackie and Isabel come to terms with the fact that the latter will soon step into the role of surrogate mother. The two women finally bond with each other when Isabel reveals her admiration of Jackie\'s maternal instincts, while Jackie in turn compliments Isabel\'s hipness as a means to connect with Anna. Isabel finally lets her guard down when she tearfully tells Jackie her biggest fear is that on Anna\'s wedding day, all Anna will wish for is her mother\'s presence. Through her own tears, Jackie says her own fear is that Anna will forget her. Jackie explains to Isabel that, while Jackie will always have their past, Isabel will have their future. The film ends with the family celebrating Christmas. Jackie, bedridden from her illness, is visited in her room by Ben and Anna. Individually, Jackie tells her children after giving them their presents that even though she will die, she will always be with them as long as they remember her. Later that day, Isabel is taking a family picture of Luke and Jackie with their children. Jackie demonstrates her acceptance of Isabel by inviting to join them in the portrait, stating "let\'s get [a photo] with the whole family". Isabel does, and as the closing credits begin, both women are shown happily in a photo side by side, finally at peace with one another and future events .'] ['The Bumstead family decides to spend a healthy 4-July at the ranch Hannah. A young couple is preparing to flee. The boy, Charlie  and Blondie , when Charlie sprained ankle, so Dagwood  is preparing to take the girl for him. Dagwood comes to the window of his father by mistake, and like the old man is about to explode with anger, Baby Dumpling to explodes fireworks, but turns out to be a stick of dynamite.'] ["Andy Farmer  is a New York City sports writer who moves with his wife, Elizabeth  to the seemingly charming town of Redbud, Vermont, so he can write a novel. They do not get along well with the residents, and other quirks arise such as being given funeral bills for a long-dead man buried on their land long before they acquired the house. Marital troubles soon arise from the quirkiness of Redbud as well as the fact that Elizabeth was critical of Andy's manuscript, while secretly getting her ideas for children's books published. They soon decide to divorce and sell their home, enticing the town's residents with a $15,000 donation to Redbud, as well as a $50 cash bonus to whoever made a friendly impression toward their prospective home buyers. To that end, the citizens remake Redbud into a perfect Norman Rockwell-style town. Their charade dazzles a pair of prospective buyers, who make the Farmers an offer on the house; however, Andy declines to sell, realizing that he genuinely enjoys small-town living. He and Elizabeth decide to stay together in Redbud, much to the chagrin of the locals, who are now angry that they lost their promised money. Though the mayor does not hold the Farmers liable for the $15,000, as the sale of their house did not occur, Andy decides to pay everyone in Redbud their $50, which helps improve his standing among the townspeople. The film ends with Andy taking a job as a sports writer for the Redbud newspaper, and Elizabeth, now pregnant with their first child, has written multiple children's stories."] ["When police discover that a mob hitman has moved in next door to the Robbersons, they want to find out what he is up to. So they set up a stakeout in the Robberson's home. Hard-nosed, tough-as-nails Jake Stone  and his young partner Tony Moore  is assigned to the stakeout, but now it's a question of whether Jake can last long enough to capture the bad guys. The Robbersons want to help and by doing so, they drive Jake crazy."] ['Gaylord Myron "Greg" Focker  and his fiancée Pam Byrnes  decide to introduce their parents to each other. They first fly to Oyster Bay, Long Island, to pick up Pam\'s father, retired CIA operative Jack Byrnes , her mother Dina  and one-year-old nephew Little Jack. But rather than going to the airport as planned, Jack decides to drive the family to Miami to meet the Fockers in his new RV. Once they arrive, they are greeted by Greg\'s eccentric but fun-loving and amiable father, Bernie , and mother, Roz , who is a sex therapist for elder couples. Worried that Jack may be put off by the Fockers\' lifestyle, Greg convinces Roz to pretend that she is a yoga instructor for the weekend. Though Jack and Bernie get off to a good start, small cracks begin to form between Jack and the Fockers, due to their contrasting personalities. Things are made worse when a chase between the Fockers\' dog, Moses, and the Byrnses\' cat, Jinx, culminates with Jinx flushing Moses down the RV\'s toilet, forcing Bernie to destroy it to save Moses, and later on when Bernie accidentally injures Jack\'s back during a game of football. Pam, meanwhile, informs Greg that she is pregnant, but the two decide to keep it a secret from Jack, who does not know they are having sex. Jack, however, becomes suspicious of Greg\'s character again when they are introduced to the Fockers\' housekeeper, Isabel Villalobos , who Bernie reveals Greg had a sexual affair with fifteen years before. Jack later takes the RV to Isabel\'s fifteen-year-old son, Jorge , to fix the toilet, but is disturbed by Jorge\'s striking resemblance to Greg and begins to suspect he may be Greg\'s son with Isabel. Meanwhile, Roz, Bernie and Dina realise Pam is pregnant, but promise not to tell Jack. Growing envious of Bernie and Roz\'s active sex life, Dina consults Roz on sex tips in order to seduce Jack, but none of them work. Things eventually come to a crunch when Greg is left alone to babysit Little Jack, who Jack has been raising via the Ferber method. Despite Jack\'s instructions to leave Little Jack to self-soothe by himself, Greg cannot bear to listen to Little Jack\'s cries and tends to the boy to cheer him up, turning the television on, acting funny and inadvertently teaching Little Jack to say "asshole". A brief phone call from Roz is long enough for Little Jack to wander out of his pen , put on Scarface and glue his hands to a rum bottle. After a furious argument with the Fockers and his own family , Jack reverts to his old ways and sends Greg and Jorge\'s hair samples for a DNA test, while inviting Jorge to the Fockers\' planned engagement party in hopes of getting Greg to admit he is Jorge\'s father. At the engagement party, Jack introduces Greg to Jorge, and later when Greg refuses to admit Jorge is his son, Jack injects him with a truth serum to make him talk. On stage, Greg blurts out that Pam is pregnant and that Jorge is indeed his son  before finally passing out. When the others realise Jack\'s actions the next day, another argument ensues and Dina admits that they all knew Pam was pregnant and deliberately didn\'t tell him. Shocked and hurt by this, Jack leaves with his grandson. Bernie and Greg give pursuit, but are arrested by a policeman, LeFlore , for speeding. Jack returns to defend them after being informed Greg is not Jorge\'s father , but the overeager LeFlore arrests him as well. In their cell, Greg, Jack and Bernie make up and are released by the local judge, Ira , who is a student of Roz and close friend of the Focker family. Greg and Pam are married that weekend by Pam\'s ex-fiancée . During the party, Jack asks Roz for some sex tips and sneaks into the RV with Dina\' During the credits, Jack watches hidden baby-cam footage of the Fockers giving attention to Little Jack over Jack\'s previous objections: Roz gives Little Jack chocolate, Bernie advises him to use his crying to disagree with everything Jack says, and Greg pretends to drunkenly tell Little Jack to keep it a secret that he left to smoke pot not answer the phone when he left Little Jack unattended which resulted in Jack gluing his hands to a rum bottle and that Pam is not really pregnant and only said it so that Jack would let them get married. Greg then pretends to only just discover the camera but then after making mocking gestures at it, you realise that Greg knew about it all along and none of the things he said before were true.'] ["Three young men  share an apartment in Paris, and have many girlfriends and parties . Once, during a party, a friend of Jacques' tells him he has a quite compromising package  to deliver, and asks him if he can leave it discreetly at their place. Jacques agrees and, as he works as a steward, flies away for a one month trip in Japan, telling Pierre and Michel about the package. Then, one of Jacques' former girlfriends drops a baby before their door, making Pierre and Michel believing it is the package they are waiting for. Their lives are then completely changed. This movie follows the bachelors as they deal with angry gangsters, suspicious cops, and the overwhelming responsibility of fatherhood."] ['This film is a look at the lives of Jake and Kristy Briggs, from their wedding day until the birth of their first child. Beginning on their wedding day, it follows both their lives, but more so Jake\'s, with his voice over commentaries and several imaginary scenes, based on actual or feared future events. After their wedding Jake and Kristy head off for New Mexico, where Jake works towards gaining a Masters Degree, but leaves before finishing, describing it as "high school with ashtrays". They return to Chicago where Jake, by "setting new records for lying in the job market", impresses his potential employers so much that they give him work as an advertising copywriter. Kristy also gains work, as a research analyst, and they are able to buy a "three bedroom mortgage" in the suburbs. Jake and Kristy then continue to adjust to their new life until Kristy unilaterally decides to cease taking contraceptives, without telling Jake, until after several months she informs him that he has been unable to impregnate her. They then begin a program to assist their efforts to become pregnant, which eventually succeed. The movie culminates with a traumatic yet eventually successful labour and Jake\'s realisation that his lack of satisfaction and sense of detachment are not due to external factors but his own selfishness and immaturity. The last scene of the film reveals that Jakes voice over was the new father reading his novel entitled She\'s Having a Baby to his wife and son. As the credits roll there is a rapid succession of suggestions for the name of the baby.'] ['Childhood friends Lonnie , Dominic , and G  have a rude awakening when they find out their girlfriends are pregnant. Each have their own unique set of problems; Lonnie\'s girlfriend Rolonda  is more interested in partying than being a mother; Dominic discovers that his girlfriend Nia  is a lesbian and has fallen in love with her midwife; while G, an aspiring boxer, is unable to fully commit to his girlfriend XiXi . Throughout the movie, all three men, particularly G and Dominic, are determined to continue their normal way of living and be a father at the same time. Lonnie is a garbageman among other small jobs, G works in the store his girlfriend\'s family runs, and Dominic is managing a pair of white rappers. After they momentarily lose their kids during a party they threw, they realize how much their kids depend on them, and gradually become responsible fathers. Lonnie falls in love with a woman from a Mommy and Me class named Brandy who he treats badly on date. Dominic\'s ex-girlfriend reveals she\'s a lesbian and feels he is too involved in his career to ever be a father. G\'s cousin No Good  robs a store and his girlfriend feels he was in on it and takes their son away from him. After all three are given a talking to by Lonnie\'s Uncle Virgil, they realize how much they love their kids and what they have to do. Lonnie apologizes to Brandy, then storms to his ex-girlfriend\'s house and takes his son with him, while criticizing her for having a baby to get child support payments, and knocks out her cousin "Big Swoll". Dominic goes to his ex-girlfriend and tells her how much he loves his daughter and how he needs to be a part of her life. G\'s girlfriend\'s father tells him a story of being in the Triads before he had his daughter and realized how much his family meant to him, leading to G proposing to his girlfriend. At the end of the movie it is revealed that Lonnie and Brandy are married and having a baby of their own. Lonnie has also achived his dream of becoming a successful inventor; Dominic started a children\'s music album; and G and his father-in-law open a martial arts/boxing studio called The Mo Fo Dojo. No Good, after learning of organic foods, goes on to become a successful food show personality called The Organic Gangster. Tagline: They\'re going from players to playtime.'] ['{{Plot}} Michael Keaton and Teri Garr play Jack and Caroline Butler, a middle class couple with three kids - Kenny, Alex, and Megan - living in the suburbs of Detroit, Michigan during the Early 1980s recession. Jack is the breadwinner while Caroline is a stay-at-home mom. He and his two friends, Larry and Stan, lose their engineering jobs at an automobile manufacturer. Though the auto industry is in a slump, they bet that he can get a job before Caroline, but he loses as she is hired by an ad agency and he has to stay at home with the kids. With Caroline at work, Jack discovers he is clueless about how to manage a household. He falls into depression as his ego and the household fall apart, most infamously fighting with the vacuum cleaner, which was nicknamed "Jaws" by Caroline, while Alex gives Megan a can of chili unbeknownst to him, and when she eats the whole thing, the inevitable happens. He begins socializing a lot with the housewives in his neighborhood, sharing poker games and workout routines with them. Caroline struggles with being back in the workforce and successfully pitches an innovative idea to a hard-to-please client. The president of the company is pleased and wants her to fly to Los Angeles to help shoot the commercial. In the meantime, Jack has snapped out of his depression, getting the house and kids under control. His former employer invites him back for a chance to interview again for his old job, but he finds that his former boss, Jinx Latham , betrayed his reputation in favor of his own so as to make himself look good in the process. He lectures them on such dirty practices and storms out, but not before threatening Jinx with a knockout punch should he ever speak sharply to Alex again . The neighborhood housewives surprise him unpleasantly with a visit to a strip club  to take his mind off of things. Throughout the film, both Jack and Caroline find themselves fending off the lascivious advances of others. Her boss, Ron Richardson , tries to convince her to leave Jack and marry him instead, while in his case, one of their mutual friends, Joan , tries to seduce him in a less direct manner. Caroline leaves her family on Halloween to go on a business trip. After a successful commercial shoot in Los Angeles, she relaxes in her hotel bathtub; Ron takes this opportunity to sneak into her room with champagne. Back home, Jack tries calling her at this exact moment so the kids could talk to her, but Ron picks up the phone instead. He hangs up, therefore Jack is thinking she is having an affair with him. She, not knowing what has just transpired via the phone, confronts him and fends off his attempts to seduce her; she ends up punching him in the nose and quitting her job. The next day dawns with a couple of household repair people in the home to fix a broken TV and spray for bugs. Joan stops by and while Jack is upstairs in the bathroom. She makes herself at home in their bedroom. Realizing that she wants to sleep with him, Jack begins running through a list of reasons  why he should not have an affair with her. Caroline arrives home unexpectedly, surprising Joan on the bed, and after a confrontation of words, she leaves. Caroline takes her place on the bed. Jack, not realizing she is home, comes back to the bedroom. They talk over the misunderstandings that occurred concerning Ron and Joan\'s advances and reunite as a stronger couple. Ron stops by the house, begging her to come back to his company, as the client has demanded that only she can properly handle his account. However, she expresses how much she missed spending time with her children. Jinx also comes begging for Jack to return to work. He had made too many cuts in his design team and is now in danger of losing his job. Alex says something to his father while Jinx is talking and he yells at him, at which point Jack makes good on his earlier promise and punches him in the face. Jack accepts his old job back with the demand being accepted that Larry and Stan will have theirs back. As Jack and Caroline are sitting on the steps inside the home with the kids, with Jinx and Ron in the background talking with the TV repairwoman and exterminator, they are again a happy family. On the newly repaired TV, the viewer sees the commercial Caroline helped produce.'] ["Bob Russell , his wife Cindy , and their three kids, Tia , Miles , and Maizy  have recently moved from Indianapolis to the Chicago suburbs because of Bob's promotion. Tia resents her parents for the move. Late one night, Cindy and Bob receive a phone call from Indianapolis informing them that Cindy's father has suffered a heart attack. The couple makes plans to leave Chicago immediately to be with him. After hearing the news, Tia accuses Cindy of abandoning her own father. Bob suggests asking his brother Buck  to come watch the children, which Cindy objects to. While Bob and Cindy are upper middle class suburbanites, Buck is unemployed, lives in an apartment in Chicago, and earns his living by betting on rigged horse races. Buck's girlfriend Chanice , owns a car repair business. Since no one else is available to help them, Bob and Cindy have no choice but turn to Buck, who agrees to help. Buck hits it off with Miles and Maizy, but Tia is suspicious, and the two engage in a battle of wills. When Buck meets Tia's boyfriend, Bug , he warns his niece that Bug is only interested in her for sex. Buck repeatedly thwarts her plans. Over the next several days, Buck deals with a number of situations, including taking the kids to his favorite bowling alley, making over-sized pancakes for Miles' birthday, dealing with a drunk clown, and speaking with the school principal about Maizy. When Buck threatens Bug with a hatchet, Tia makes Buck's girlfriend think that he is cheating on her with their neighbor . Concerned after Tia sneaks away to a party, Buck decides to go looking for her rather than go to a horse race. Thinking that Bug is taking advantage of Tia in a bedroom at the party, he forces the door open, but walks in on Bug with another girl. Buck ties up Bug and throws him into the trunk of his car. After finding Tia, Buck lets Bug out of the trunk to apologize to Tia. When he is finally released, Bug takes back the apology and flees. Buck then begins striking him with golf balls. When Cindy and Bob return, Tia and Cindy resolve their issues. Buck then returns to Chicago."] ['Wataru Hirayama  is a wealthy Tokyo businessman who acts as a go-between for couples seeking marriages. When an old schoolmate Mikami  approaches him for help concerning his daughter Fumiko , who has run off owing to a conflict with her father, he agrees. Finding her in a bar where she now works, he listens to her side of the story. Fumiko complains that her father is stubborn, insisting on arranging her marriage, whereas she has now fallen in love with a musician and is adamant to lead life her own way. One day during work, a young man named Taniguchi  approaches Hirayama to ask for the hand of his elder daughter, Setsuko . Hirayama is extremely unhappy that his daughter has made wedding plans on her own. He confronts her at home, during which he blows his top, and rules that she must remain locked at home until she sees the folly of her ways. Hirayama tries to find out more about Taniguchi from his subordinate. Owing to the standoff, his daughter\'s friend Yukiko  tries a ruse in which she asks Hirayama opinion concerning a similar situation – her mother forcing her to marry someone she didn\'t like. When Hirayama advises her to ignore her mother, Yukiko reveals it is all a setup and states that Hirayama has just given his consent to Setsuko\'s marriage. Hirayama\'s wife Kiyoko  tries unsuccessfully to make him change his mind. She accuses her husband of being "inconsistent". Even his younger daughter Hisako  is on the side of her sister, finding her father too old-fashioned. Finally, after the couple\'s insistence on getting married, Hirayama decides to give in by attending his daughter\'s wedding. After the wedding, Mikami reveals that he, like Hirayama, has agreed to let his daughter select her own marriage partner. After going for a short business trip outside Tokyo, Hirayama decides to visit the newly-weds at Hiroshima by train, where Taniguchi is stationed by his company.'] ['In a maternity clinic two children from families with completely different social backgrounds are switched at birth. One goes on to live in an uppe- middle-class family while the other to a poor family. Twelve years later, the mistake is discovered and the child living with the poor family is taken back by his parents, but keeps in touch with his former family and makes them encounter his new brothers and sisters. A series of satirical and comedic scenes follow.'] ["In Connecticut, Max and Jessica are a high school couple and very much in love after meeting in grade nine. Max has an interest in construction, while Jessica's ambition is to be an orthopedic surgeon. Jessica lives with her mother and younger sister. She must contend with the aftermath of her parents' acrimonious divorce. She still believes in the meaning of true love when she allows Max to sneak into her bedroom so that the couple can spend more time together. Their plan is to attend Harvard University. When Jessica's father, Roger, reveals that his girlfriend, Kelly, is pregnant and they are going to get married, Jessica and her sister are shocked and disgusted. Jessica's father expects his older daughter to tell his ex-wife of the impending marriage. When Jessica sees her mother arrive home after a bad date with a philatelist, she does not reveal to her what her father has told her. Jessica discovers that Harvard has accepted her. She and Max are ecstatic. The couple are then less than enthusiastic when Jessica and Max learn that Harvard has deferred Max's acceptance. Matters improve for the couple when Max proposes to Jessica on Valentine's Day. He feels that he has never been more sure of anything and that they are ready to spend the rest of their lives together. He loves his fiance because of her optimistic attitude, the fact that she is headstrong and her ability to make things work. Jessica immediately accepts and feels that in spite of the proposal, she will still attend Harvard. Jessica and Max announce their engagement plans to both sets of parents. As a consequence of Jessica's young age , she requires consent from her parents. Roger feels as if his daughter will be compromising her university education and does not wish to play a part in Jessica and Max's marriage. Max's father supports his son's decision because he feels that Jessica is a terrific person and that he and his wife also married at a young age. Jessica's mother makes her daughter promise that she will finish college and earn her degree, as well as use birth control. On Jessica's wedding day, Roger begs his daughter not to go through with the marriage. Max and Jessica get married and live at Jessica's home, as her mother giver them permission. Tensions arise when Max moves his trophies into the room and Jessica becomes slightly uncomfortable. In spite of this, Max and Jessica seem happy to spend the rest of their lives together. Unfortunately, Harvard rejects Max. Jessica shows her ability to rectify situations when the couple rents off-campus accomodation because they want to be together. Jessica meets Sophie and Carter, two freshmen. They are curious and surprised about Jessica's marriage. Jessica and Carter share a romantic kiss after she hears him play his guitar at a local bar. Jessica tells him that it must never happen again. Tensions arise between Jessica and Max when Max forgets to pay the electricity bill, although he does make an effort to make good his wrong by preparing a candlelight supper. Jessica also becomes even more annoyed with her husband when he reveals that he does not want attend college. When Max sees Carter and Jessica having a drink together, Jessica stays at Sophie's for a trial separation from Max. Later, when Max tries to apologise to Jessica, she realises that he has been kissing another young woman. Carter and Jessica spend more time together. This culminates in the two kissing passionately, which Jessica stops. Outside Carter's place, they run into Max and another young woman. Max and Jessica both move back to their respective homes temporarily. Max's parents encourage him to get an annulment or divorce. Jessica's mother advises her that a test of a strong marriage is the ability to get through challenging times. When the couple has dinner together, Max reveals that he has started to fill in college applications and that he has been offered an internship at an architect's office. The film ends with Max and Jessica making a concerted effort to rebuild their marriage."] ["A barrister  attempts to discourage his daughter's infatuation for a philanderer by revealing his past. The plan backfires when the daughter's would-be father-in-law  threatens to reveal the barrister's shady background."] ['The film starts with Cristina Moreno applying to Princeton University. She tells the story of her childhood in her college essay. Flor Moreno  is a poor, Mexican single mother who is hired as the housekeeper for John  and Deborah Clasky , their kids Bernice  and Georgie , and Deborah\'s mother Evelyn Wright , a rich American family. John is head chef at a popular restaurant, Deborah is a former businesswoman turned stay-at-home mother, and Evelyn is a former jazz singer. Flor speaks very little English. She does not mention that she has a daughter, Cristina . John, Evelyn, Georgie and Bernice are very likeable; Deborah, however, is uptight, her behavior often upsetting both households. Summer comes and Flor is needed 24/7 at the Claskys\' summer home. Unable to communicate well in English, Deborah finds a neighbor to interpret. Flor reveals that she is unable to maintain these hours because she has a daughter, so Cristina is invited to come stay with them. Cristina interprets for her mother. She impresses Deborah, who begins to treat her like a daughter, taking Cristina shopping, getting her hair done, enrolling her in a private school, and showing her more love than she does the sensitive Bernice. Flor becomes unhappy when it appears that Cristina is influenced by Deborah, in part because she wants Cristina to keep in touch with her Mexican roots and working-class values, and partly because Deborah is overstepping her bounds. Flor objects to Deborah\'s actions to John, who apologizes. Flor loses her temper when she finds out that John has given Cristina over $600 in cash for a minor task. She threatens to leave but John convinces her to stay for Cristina\'s sake. Flor begins to learn English so she can communicate better. She becomes closer to John, who is having difficulty with Deborah\'s self-centered behavior. The alcoholic Evelyn realizes that her daughter is having an affair and that her marriage is in trouble. She pleads with Deborah to end the affair, telling her she\'ll never get another man as good as John. Deborah confesses to John that she cheated on him. John walks out and gives Flor a ride in his car. They go to his restaurant, where he cooks for Flor and they enjoy the "conversation of their lives," feeling love for one another. Flor quits and takes her daughter home, upsetting Cristina, who got along well with the Claskys. On their way home, she tells Cristina that she can\'t go to the private school anymore either, upsetting Cristina even more; she screams in the middle of the street that Flor can\'t do this to her and that her life is ruined. Flor loses patience with Cristina after she asks her mother for space. Flor explains to her daughter that she must answer the most important question of her life, at a very young age: "Is what you want for yourself to become someone very different than me?" Cristina considers this on their bus ride home, and they make up and embrace. The film ends with Cristina as an adult, years later, acknowledging that her life rests firmly and happily on the simple fact that she is her mother\'s daughter.'] ["{{Expand section}} A man who doesn't like stable work environments has been away for too many years when he finds out his wife has divorced him and is planning to remarry. He comes home to confront her, trying to convince her not to get married, aided by their daughter, who loves him despite his wandering ways. The couple finds out they still have feelings for each other but must decide how best to handle the contradiction of their lifestyles."] ['Set in a Baltimore neighborhood known for having the thickest local accent, Pecker tells the story of an unassuming 18-year-old who works in a sandwich shop and takes photos of his loving but peculiar family and friends on the side. Pecker , so named for his childhood habit of "pecking" at his food, stumbles into fame when his work is "discovered" by a savvy New York art dealer, Rorey Wheeler . Pecker\'s pictures — grainy, out-of-focus studies of unglamorous subjects — are far from professional, but they strike a chord with New York art collectors. Unfortunately, instant over-exposure has its downside. Rorey\'s efforts to turn Pecker into an art sensation threaten to ruin the low-key lifestyle that was his inspiration. Pecker finds that his best friend, Matt , can\'t shoplift anymore now that Pecker\'s photographs have increased his profile. Shelley , Pecker\'s obsessive girlfriend who runs a laundromat, seems especially distressed when the press dub her a "stain goddess" and mistake her good-natured "pin-up" poses for pornographic come-ons. When his family is dubbed "culturally challenged" by an overzealous critic, they begin to feel the uncomfortable glare of stardom. Pecker\'s mother  is no longer free to dispense fashion tips to the homeless clientele at her thrift shop. Pecker\'s grandmother, Memama , endures public ridicule when her experience with a talking statue of the Virgin Mary is exposed on the cover of a national art magazine. Tina , Pecker\'s fag hag older sister, is fired from her job emceeing go-go dancing at a gay bar because Pecker\'s edgy photographs chronicle the sex practices of the club\'s patrons. Even Little Chrissy , his six-year-old sister, feels the pressure of celebrity when her eating disorder is exposed, bringing unwanted attention from nosy child welfare agencies  After Pecker\'s newfound fame disrupts the lives of his family and friends, Pecker turns the tables on the art world by refusing to participate in a scheduled show at the Whitney Museum of Art. Instead, he forces New York art collectors to come to Baltimore to see his latest photographs, which portray the same people who disparaged his family in an unflattering light  Pecker is then asked what he plans to do next. He replies that he would like to direct a film.'] ['When the Fabre family move into their dream house with wonderful neighbors, everything seems perfect except for one thing - the youngest child Ludovic is a transgender girl; while she was born biologically male, she knows that she is a girl and wants to live as female. The rest of the family humor her as best they can, rationalizing that Ludovic is only trying to find her identity and will be over it soon. Trouble begins when Ludovic befriends Jérôme, the son of her father\'s boss, and expresses a desire to marry him when Ludovic is finally "not a boy." When visiting Jérôme\'s house, Ludovic enters his sister\'s room and puts on one of her dresses, not realizing that the sister is deceased and the room was merely kept in memory of her. Jérôme\'s mother sees this and she and the rest of the neighbors are horrified. The community turns against Ludovic and, by extension, the rest of the Fabre family. After Ludovic stands in as Snow White in a school play, the parents of the other students send in a petition to have her expelled. Ludovic\'s father, under strain as an employee of Jérôme\'s father, is unable to cope and causes conflict within the family. After a particularly bad argument, Ludovic attempts to mend the situation by hiding in a freezer to commit suicide. She is found in time and allowed to wear a skirt to a neighborhood party. While the other neighbors greet him warmly, the father gets fired the next day and finds his house spray painted with graffiti. Ludo runs out of the house saying she got her period. Hannah, Ludovic\'s mother, gets furious at Ludo for saying that. She blames Ludovic for everything that has gone wrong. Hannah wants to set Ludo straight so she cuts her hair to make her look like her brothers. Ludo hates her mother for doing this and wants to live with her grandmother. When Ludo and her grandmother go visit Ludo\'s parents one weekend, the father announces that he has a new job but it\'s out of town, and they have to move. At their new house, Ludovic is befriended by Christine "Chris" Delvigne, a female-to-male transgender boy. Chris\'s mother invites Ludovic to Chris\' dress-up birthday party, which she attends in a musketeer outfit. Chris, unhappy in his princess outfit, asks Ludo to swap and has her friends force Ludo to do so when she refuses. When Ludovic\'s mother sees her in the dress, she fears that their troubles are beginning again and lashes out by hitting her until the other party guests restrain her. She follows Ludovic to a billboard where she is shocked to see Ludovic in the picture, running away with a living Barbie-like doll named Pam. When she tries to follow, she falls through the ground and awakens at home. She and Ludovic\'s father assure Ludo that she may wear skirts if she wishes and she in turn assures her mother that she never really intended to run away with Pam.'] [' The film opens with a montage of scenes reflecting life in the 1990s, with heavy traffic, rushing commuters, and homeless people on the street. Larry Dittmeyer , an unscrupulous real estate developer, explains to his boss that almost all the families in his neighborhood have agreed to sell their property as part of a plan to turn the area into a shopping mall. The only exception is one family, which prompts his angry boss to ask, "What\'s their story?" which leads into the opening blue-box credits of The Brady Bunch. The concept of the film is that although it is set in the 1990s, the Brady family are still portrayed as their 1970s television incarnations and are unaware of the disparity between their lives and their surroundings. The parents, Mike  and Carol , are having breakfast prepared by their housekeeper, Alice , while the six children prepare for school. Jan  is jealous of her elder, popular sister Marcia ; Cindy  is tattling about everything she\'s hearing; Greg  is dreaming of becoming a singer; Peter  is nervous that his voice is breaking; Bobby  is excited about his new role as hall monitor at school. Cindy gives Mike and Carol a tax delinquency notice  stating that they face foreclosure on their house if they do not pay $20,000 in back taxes. The two initially ignore the crisis, but when Mike\'s architectural design is turned down by two potential clients, he tells Carol that they may have to sell the house. Cindy overhears this and tells her siblings and they look for work to raise money to save the house, but their earnings are nowhere near enough to reach the required sum. In a subplot, Marcia is asked by popular Doug Simpson  to go to the school dance with him, when she had already promised to go with nerdy Charlie Anderson . She explains the "difficulty" of the choice to her friend, Noreen , unaware that she is a lesbian and is attracted to Marcia herself. She ends up breaking her promise to Charlie. On the night of the dance, Doug takes her to a lookout point where he French kisses her, only for her to say that she\'s not interested. He abandons her at the side of the road, but she is rescued when a limousine arrives. She later arrives at the dance and introduces the star performer of the night, Davy Jones. He gets a rousing reception from the teachers, and when the backing rock band charges up his performance, the kids respond, too. Marcia apologizes to Charlie, who forgives her and asks her to dance with him. Larry discovers that the Bradys have past-due property taxes and confronts Mike, only to learn that he has finally sold one of his designs and has the money he needs. Larry secretly meets with the client, claiming  that Mike\'s design resulted in a building collapse, which causes him to lose his advance. On the night before the Bradys have to move out, Marcia suggests that they enter a "Search for the Stars" contest, the prize of which is exactly $20,000. Jan, having originally suggested this and been rejected, runs away from home. Cindy sees her leave and tattles, and the whole family goes on a search for her. They use their car\'s C.B. radio, and their transmission is heard by Schultzy , a driver who picks up Jan and convinces her to return home. The next day, the children join the "Search for the Stars" contest with a dated performance that receives poor audience response compared to the more modern performances of other bands. However, the judges — Jones, Micky Dolenz, and Peter Tork, all of the 1960s band The Monkees — vote for them, who win the contest as a result. The tax bill is paid and their neighbors withdraw their homes from the market, foiling Larry\'s plan and securing the neighborhood. The film ends with the arrival of Carol\'s mother , who finally convinces Jan to stop obsessing over Marcia, only for Cindy to start feeling jealous of Jan. In the end credits, the Bradys are in their traditional blue boxes, but are updated for the time and include various humorous outtakes.'] ['For several years, Tom Winters  has been estranged from his wife and their three children, David , Elizabeth , and Robert . The film begins as he returns home from Europe shortly after his wife\'s death. The children want to stay in the country with their mother\'s wealthy family, including her parents and her sister Carolyn , but Tom takes them to Washington DC, where he works in the US State Department. The children resent their father\'s presence, and, at an outdoor concert, Robert runs away. He is found by Cinzia Zaccardi , the daughter of a famous Italian conductor. She too is running away and is enchanted by little "Roberto" and his harmonica. When she brings him back home, Tom offers her a job as a maid, which she eventually accepts. Carolyn, now divorced from her husband, offers Tom and the children her old guest house, which was supposed to be moved to a new foundation. However, on the way there, they encounter the guest house being towed down the road, and the house is smashed by a train in a comical scene in which the tow-truck driver, Angelo Donatello , flirts with Cinzia and accidentally hits Tom\'s car. Feeling guilty, Angelo sells Tom his leaky, run-down old houseboat. Once moved in, Tom discovers that Cinzia is unable to cook, do laundry, or make coffee. Carolyn and others incorrectly insinuate that Cinzia\'s relationship with Tom is sexual while she innocently wins the affection of Tom and the children. Meanwhile, Tom spends his evenings with Carolyn, who is secretly in love with him. On the 4th of July, she tries to embarrass Cinzia by selecting a gaudy dress for Tom to buy for her, but Cinzia transforms it into an elegant evening gown. She looks so beautiful in the gown that Angelo, a confirmed womanizer, cancels a date with her out of a fear of falling in love and proposing to her. That evening, Carolyn arrives at the boat with Captain Alan Wilson  and his wife. Alan, who is somewhat drunk, jokes about Cinzia\'s living arrangement with Tom and slaps her on the behind as she serves drinks. She throws a drink on him in retaliation. Tom asks Alan to leave the boat, but Carolyn takes Alan\'s side, so Tom asks all three of the guests to leave. David cheers Cinzia up, and they make plans to go fishing, but Tom ruins David\'s plans by inviting Cinzia to his country club. Once there, Tom reconciles with Carolyn and they agree to get married. As he dances with Cinzia, he finally realizes he is in love with her, but she learns of the proposal, becomes upset, and runs away. Tom catches her, and a little while later, David unhappily finds them kissing in a rowboat. The children don\'t want Tom to marry Cinzia. David calls her ugly, Robert rejects her as a mother figure, and Elizabeth wants to continue sleeping in Tom\'s bed with him. Discouraged by this, Cinzia returns home, but Tom follows her, and she gives in after her father  scolds her. The wedding takes place on the houseboat. The children initially refuse to participate in the ceremony, but as it begins, Elizabeth and David join Tom and Cinzia at the altar, and Robert joins them after playing "Here Comes the Bride" on his harmonica.'] ["Gil Buckman , a neurotic sales executive, is trying to balance his family and his career in suburban St. Louis. When he finds out that his eldest son, Kevin, has emotional problems and needs therapy, and that his two younger children, daughter Taylor and youngest son Justin, both have issues as well, he begins to blame himself and questions his abilities as a father. When his wife, Karen , becomes pregnant with their fourth child, he is unsure he can handle it. He is frustrated and fearful that the financial burdens of another child and office politics at work are turning him into the detached workaholic he despised his own father, Frank , for being. Humbled by family and work issues, Gil opens up to Frank about his doubts as a parent. Frank tells him that he worries too much, and the two have a reconciliation of sorts with Frank telling Gil that worry for one's children never ends. When a hired cowboy character fails to show up at their birthday party, Gil dresses as a cowboy himself and assumes the role. His sister, Helen , is a divorced bank manager whose ex-husband wants nothing to do with their children, Garry and Julie. Garry , who has just entered puberty, is quiet, uninvolved, and likes to be alone in his room with a mysterious paper bag. At first Helen worries that the bag contains drugs or alcohol, but the bag actually contains porn. Julie , is still in high school, but is not interested in her education. She and her boyfriend, Tod , get married, Julie gets pregnant, and the two live in her mother's house. When Helen asks Tod to talk with Garry, Tod is able to reassure Garry that his obsession with girls and sex is normal for a boy his age. This is a relief to Garry. This also increases Helen's respect for Tod. Eventually she supports Tod and her daughter's relationship to the extent that when Julie wants to break up with him, Helen orders her to face her fears and support him. Gil's other sister, Susan , is a middle school teacher married to an intelligent but neurotic scientist, Nathan . They have a precocious daughter, Patty. Susan wants more children, but Nathan is more interested in their daughter's cognitive development. Susan lashes out by compromising her diaphragm as a plan to get pregnant against Nathan's wishes. She eventually gets so frustrated that she leaves him. Nathan eventually comes to one of her classes and serenades her to win her back. He promises her he will try to change and and Susan agrees to move back home. Larry , Gil's brother, is the black sheep of the family, but is Frank's favorite. Rather than settle into a career, he has drifted through life trying to cash in on get-rich-quick schemes. He has recently shown up, along with his son, Cool, and wants to borrow money from his father. It soon becomes apparent that Larry needs the money to pay off his gambling debts, or else he must pay with his life. Frank is disillusioned, but still loves him and tries to help. Frank refuses to bail him out completely, but offers to teach him the family business so he can take over for Frank  and use the income to pay off the debt. Larry instead suggests a plan which involves his going to Chile, and Frank agrees to look after Cool. The family is reunited at the hospital when Helen gives birth to a baby girl. Frank holds his grandson, Cool. Tod and Julie are together, raising their son. Susan is visibly pregnant. Gil and Karen are now the parents of four."] ['At a Catholic school in 2050, a troublesome boy named Roger is running away after threatening to blow up the gym when his parents won\'t allow him to play on the basketball team. He\'s stopped by Father Clifford , a very old priest, who tries to persuade him to change his ways by telling him a story of his own youth. Flashing back to the present-day , the 10-year-old Clifford is a deceptive, evil, weird-looking boy who never lets go of a toy dinosaur he calls Stephan. He loves dinosaurs and his dream is to visit Dinosaur World, a theme park located in California. While flying with his parents to Honolulu, Clifford stops the plane\'s engines, forcing it to make an emergency landing in Los Angeles. His father, Julien, scolds Clifford because Clifford is banned from the flight, though Julien has an important engagement to attend. From the airport, Julien phones his brother Martin , who resides in Los Angeles, to propose the idea of Clifford staying with him for a while. He thinks that this could be the perfect opportunity to prove to his fiancée, Sarah Davis , how well he interacts with children, especially his nephew whom he hasn\'t seen since he was baptized. Little does he know that a calculating monster hides behind Clifford\'s innocent smile. Upon their reunion, Martin reveals to Clifford that he designed Larry the Scary Rex  and is able to get into the park free of charge. This only strengthens Clifford\'s obsession to visit the theme park. Martin promises to take him there, but is ultimately forced to back out because he must finish designing new plans for the transportation system of Los Angeles. This enrages Clifford, who embarks on a path of destruction and sabotage. While Martin buys chocolate at a convenience store for Clifford, Clifford notices a family going to Dinosaur World and sees a boy named Kevin in a dinosaur costume heading to the restroom. Clifford buys the dinosaur costume and also gives Kevin his own clothes. Clifford then gets into Kevin\'s family\'s van wearing the dinosaur costume and hoping no one will notice. But Martin finds Kevin wearing Clifford\'s clothes in the restroom, and finds Clifford in the van, causing Kevin\'s mother to think that Martin assaulted Kevin. But Kevin comes out of the restroom, proving that Martin was telling the truth about Kevin. After this, Martin scolds Clifford and refuses to take him to Dinosaur World, ever. Clifford turns his uncle\'s life upside down, jeopardizing Martin\'s relationship with Sarah as well as his job. Among other things, he compliments Martin\'s boss, Mr. Ellis , about his toupee to his face and causes Martin to be humiliated at Sarah\'s parents\' 35th wedding anniversary party by replacing his Bloody Mary with straight Tabasco sauce. Clifford manages to get Martin to do an unprepared toast, which turns into a disaster after Martin drinks the Tabasco and then tries to soothe his mouth by drinking straight out of the punch bowl in front of Sarah\'s family. Clifford causes further embarrassment by replacing Martin\'s ChapStick with lipstick, and tops it off by getting him arrested in front of Sarah\'s family after calling in a fake bomb threat by editing Martin\'s punishment to Clifford, causing Martin to have a criminal record. To add further punishment for Martin\'s reneging on his promise, Clifford tricks him into boarding a train to San Francisco, throws a party in Martin\'s house while he is in San Francisco, and destroys all of his work by planting a bomb in a presentation during a press conference, which causes him to be fired from the architectural firm at which he worked. Sarah believes that Martin is not able to watch Clifford, and takes Clifford home with her after she has found that Martin has locked him in his room, nailing the door and windows shut. With his life in ruins as a result of Clifford\'s destructive behavior, Martin\'s sanity snaps. Martin drives to Sarah\'s house and abducts Clifford, putting Clifford in a straitjacket. Martin finally takes Clifford to Dinosaur World, after hours, to make him ride the Larry the Scary Rex ride until he can no longer take it. After going through it once, Clifford seems to enjoy himself, so Martin ups the ride\'s speed again and again, to the point where, he says, he puts it on hyperdrive. The ride malfunctions and Clifford\'s cart crashes, leaving him dangling above the jaws of a robotic dinosaur. Clifford cries out for Martin to save him. Martin hesitates because he worries about what could happen in the future of mankind if he saves Clifford\'s life. He does the right thing and risks his own life to save Clifford, and the two escape just before everything collapses. Clifford finally apologizes for his behavior, but Martin is fed up. He tells Clifford that he is a destructive thing, not a human. Clifford, who was upset, decides not to go home with Martin. We momentarily return to the future when Father Clifford says that this experience made him turn his life around. He wrote hundreds of letters asking his uncle\'s forgiveness, to little avail. But later on, Martin gave him "the bestest request in the whole wide world," inviting him to Martin\'s and Sarah\'s wedding, which meant that he had finally forgiven Clifford. Roger decides to not run away and to write hundreds of letters, asking for forgiveness. Father Clifford then takes Stephan , saying, "Mission accomplished, old friend."'] ["Due to limited wartime housing, Army lieutenant Danny Ferguson and fiancée Maggie Preston must postpone their wedding until a room in the Craig Hotel, where married officers stationed at nearby Camp Fielding live with their wives, becomes available. When their accommodations are ready, Maggie arrives with her wealthy parents Henry and Vera, who are unhappy about the living conditions their daughter will be forced to endure. Initially Maggie is too happy to care, but once the newlywed is left alone during the day while her husband is on the base, she begins to become disenchanted with her surroundings and the lack of service her privileged background has groomed her to expect. Unaware of what is expected of her in her new capacity of army wife, Maggie quickly becomes an outcast among the other women. Not helping her situation is an obvious lack of any domestic skills that would allow her to assist in the daily routine at the hotel. Increasingly upset with her situation, she lashes out at hotel manager Jerry Armstrong. Her mood softens when she learns Jerry's husband was killed in battle overseas and she has remained at the hotel to honor his memory. Maggie's attitude changes and she befriends some of the other wives, particularly Shirley, who is married to Danny's best friend Red Pianatowski. When Danny finds himself the target of snide remarks made by his fellow officers, he discovers Maggie asked her father to use his influence to keep his son-in-law based in the States instead of being shipped overseas. Infuriated by her inappropriate interference, he angrily storms out of their room, and Maggie prepares to return to her parents in Philadelphia. When Danny returns with Philip, they discover a book about infant care Maggie had purchased to help her assist the expectant mothers, and he assumes she is pregnant. Rushing to the train station, he begs her to return. That night, at a dance honoring a visiting general, Red tells Shirley Maggie is expecting a baby. As Maggie tries to tell her husband the truth, he receives word his company is being sent overseas. Danny is disappointed to learn he is not going to be a father after all, but Maggie reassures him she will be anxious to start a family as soon as he returns. After Danny and Red ship out, Maggie and Shirley decide to find jobs in the defense industry and do what they can to support their husbands and the rest of the troops."] ['The story focuses on Christoper "C-Dub" Wang , a tough-talking Chinese-American teenager living at his parents\' house with no responsibilities, running one dead-end job after another. He continuously picks fights with Caucasians for what he considers offensive remarks about Chinese people, and plots get-rich-quick schemes with his friend JP Money. His brother Michael is a successful doctor and ping pong champion, and his parents work in a ping pong shop and teach ping pong lessons at the local Chinese community center. C-Dub, however, rejects his family tradition as "uncool" and strives to play in the NBA. Michael becomes distracted while picking his mother up from ping pong class, seeing C-Dub play on a minibike with JP, and rear-ends a truck in the parking lot. While neither are fatally wounded, they both sprain their wrists, forcing them to temporarily leave their occupations to recover. C-Dub is thrust into becoming a substitute teacher for his mother against his will, finding a class full of dysfunctional children: William, an obese boy with compulsive eating habits, Prabaka, a talented but socially awkward Indian boy whose father operates a textile mill, and Felix, an earlier acquaintance from the basketball court, among others. Initially he dismisses them, ignoring his duties and instead pursuing new interest in Felix\'s beautiful older sister, Jennifer, who rejects him for his snarky personality, competing with a rival ping pong teacher &ndash; an Englishman named Gerald Harcourt &ndash; for her attention. When Felix offers him bribes to play ping pong with them, C-Dub takes advantage of them as a money-making opportunity, much to the disgust of the children\'s parents. Word of this arrives to C-Dub\'s parents, who become furious with him. His mother eventually convinces him to return the money to the kids, and soon after he begins to genuinely bond with them. When Harcourt begins to pass around flyers to lure the children away from his class, C-Dub begins to take ping pong much more seriously, eventually entering in National Golden Cock tournament in his brother\'s place to compete with him. However, he begins to conflict with his father, who is disgusted by his attitude towards ping pong and takes him up as an apprentice. He explains that the British believe that they invented ping pong as a variation of tennis and consider the Chinese inferior to them and that C-Dub\'s victory in the tournament would not only defend their belief and earn him prize money, but would boost his family\'s reputation, sparking interest in their store and their ping pong class. C-Dub is initially cocky when he enters the tournament, sponsored by the company Killerspin, but panics when he loses his first match. His father confronts him, reminding him that his whole childhood he had been avoiding anything that risked failure, including ping pong, and that this is his chance to face his fears and overcome them. Motivated by this and support from his friends and family, including an initially mocking JP, C-Dub perseveres, taking his game much more seriously, and reaches the final confrontation with Harcourt. After a heated battle, C-Dub eventually prevails, much to the Chinese families\' delight. Several months later, C-Dub\'s father\'s vision has come true: the family\'s business has become profitable and Mrs. Wang\'s ping pong class is overflowing with new students. Other characters in the story have happy endings as well: William has lost weight and dropped his eating habits, Prabaka has become successful with a line of shoes he designed in a partnership with JP, making him a successful businessman, and C-Dub himself becomes the guest of honor in the city parade.'] ['Sue Ellen Crandell is a 17-year old high school graduate who, due to lack of funds cannot go to Europe for the summer with her friends. Sue Ellen remains optimistic about a summer of freedom with her siblings: stoner Kenny, tomboy Melissa, ladies man Zach and TV fanatic Walter while their mother travels to Australia. Much to Sue Ellen\'s dismay, her mother hires a live-in babysitter, Mrs. Sturak, a seemingly sweet, humble old woman who assures Mrs. Crandell that she can take care of all five children. Eventually, Sue Ellen and her siblings find that Mrs. Sturak had died in her sleep. Instead of telling the authorities and their mother , they agree to stuff the babysitter in a trunk and drop her off at a local funeral home, with a note attached reading "Nice old lady inside, died of natural causes". With no money to pay the family\'s bills, Sue Ellen finds work at a fast food restaurant called Clown Dog. Despite a budding relationship with an attractive co-worker named Bryan, she quits because of the obnoxious manager. Sue Ellen then forges a resume under the guise of a young fashion designer and applies at General Apparel West , hoping to secure a job as a receptionist. However, Rose Lindsey, a company executive, finds her resume so impressive that she offers Sue Ellen a job as Rose\'s executive administrative assistant, much to the chagrin of Carolyn, a receptionist on Rose\'s floor who was initially in line for the job. At GAW, Sue Ellen has to balance the adult responsibilities thrust upon her while still trying to enjoy herself as a teenager. The double life causes a strain on her relationship with Bryan when she discovers that he and Carolyn are brother and sister. Sue Ellen finds herself tested when she learns that GAW is in danger of going out of business. She takes it upon herself to create a new clothing line and Rose suggests holding a fashion show to exhibit their new designs. Sue Ellen offers to host the party, convincing her siblings to help clean up the house and act as caterers. Although she manages to pull off the party, it comes to an end when Bryan unexpectedly shows up to apologize for their breakup, shortly followed by Mrs. Crandell herself, who has come home early from Australia. With her cover blown, Sue Ellen has no choice but to confess the truth in front of everyone. While apologizing to Rose after the party, Sue Ellen learns that her unique designs had saved GAW. Rose then offers the real Sue Ellen the job as her personal assistant, which she respectfully declines in favor of going to college first. In the end, Sue Ellen and Bryan make up, but are soon interrupted by Mrs. Crandell, who inquires about Mrs. Sturak\'s whereabouts. As the credits roll, the scene cuts away to the cemetery, where two morticians look over a gravestone that reads "Nice Old Lady Inside, Died of Natural Causes".'] ['Doug Kinney  is a Los Angeles construction worker whose job is constantly getting in the way of his family. On one job to build a new wing of a scientific facility, Doug meets up with Dr. Leeds, a friendly scientist who has developed a successful method for cloning humans, and is introduced to Dr. Leeds\' clone as proof. The scientist, who is sympathetic to Doug\'s troubles, allows Doug to make a clone of himself that can take over for him at work, while he tries to spend some quality time with his family. The clone, called "Two" , has all of Doug\'s memory and knowledge, but is overly macho. Although the clone seems to be a dream come true, while taking his wife, Laura , out to a restaurant for dinner, he finds that two is on his own date. Doug realizes clones are not as great as they seem, and Doug begins to worry about his clone being revealed. Eventually two more clones are made. "Three"  is a sharp contrast to Two, and extremely sensitive and thoughtful. He is much like a housewife, knowing how to cook very well, and take care of the house. . "Four"  is cloned from "Two", and has the mentality of an overly-curious child. Unfortunately, since he is a clone-of-a-clone, his IQ is considerably lower than that of his predecessors, since the personality defects are more pronounced when a clone is cloned , and this causes an annoyed Doug to decree a moratorium on cloning. One night Doug leaves home for a business trip. While Doug is gone, each of the clones runs into Laura and each one sleeps with her. The next day, "Two" comes down with a cold and is unable to go to work, so he sends "Three". Three is the second clone, so he knows nothing about construction. As "Three" goes to work, an inspection on site causes "Three" to unimpress the inspector, which leads to him losing Doug\'s job. As the movie progresses, Doug\'s wife becomes increasingly upset with her husband, as she is wondering about Doug\'s sudden personality changes and how Doug\'s clones have no memories of discussions Laura unwittingly had with another clone. Thinking Doug is ignoring her, she unknowingly pours out her heart out to "Four", mentioning how  has never kept his promise on fixing the house; she asks him what he wants and is unromantically told "I want pizza". Upset, she takes the children to live with her parents. When Doug returns, he learns that Laura and the kids have left. He also learns from the clones\' confessions that he has lost his job and each one of them has slept with Laura. Trying to figure out how to get Laura back, "Four" tells him about what she said to him on how he never fixed the house. With the help of the clones, Doug remodels the house and wins back the love of his wife. Doug also tells Laura he is planning to start his own construction business. Realizing Doug can take care of himself now, the three clones move away, later writing Doug that they have set up a successful pizzeria called "Three Guys from Nowhere" in Miami, Florida. "Two" becomes the businessman of the shop and serves customers, and also gets to meet lots of women. "Three" is the head chef, and "Four" is the delivery boy as well as taking a second job as a paperboy .'] ['This film is about the daily lives of the Yamada family: Takashi and Matsuko , Shige , Noboru , Nonoko , and Pochi . It has a significantly different "feel" to it than the other Studio Ghibli films, not only because of its different style of animation, but also because it is not a contiguous plot, but rather a series of vignettes, each preceded by a title such as "Father as Role Model", "A Family Torn Apart" or "Patriarchal Supremacy Restored". These vignettes cover such issues as losing a child in a department store, the relationships between father and son, or husband and wife, the wisdom of age, getting one\'s first girlfriend and many more. Each is presented with humour, presenting a very believable picture of family life which crosses cultural boundaries. The relationships between Matsuko, Takashi and Shige are particularly well observed, with Shige giving advice and proverbs to all the family members, and having a great strength of character which far outweighs Matsuko\'s. Takashi and Matsuko\'s relationship is often the focus of the episodes, their rivalries, such as arguing about who has control of the television, their frustrations and their difficulties, but the overriding theme is their love for one another despite their flaws, and their desire to be the best parents possible for their children. For a much more detailed plot synopsis, covering every episode in detail see: plot synopsis.'] ["Angelo Barberini is the oddball son of Italian immigrants Gino and Maria, who inadvertently ended up in Canada rather than the United States of America. Angelo shocks his parents - and his sister, Anna - by moving out on his own without getting married, and, shortly after that, shocks them further still when he reveals as gay. But his boyfriend , policeman Nino Paventi, isn't as ready to come out of the closet - especially not to his busybody Sicilian mother, Lina."] ['Danny Muldoon , a 38-year-old Chicago policeman, still lives with his overbearing Irish mother, Rose Muldoon . A lonely bachelor, Danny falls in love with Theresa Luna , an introverted, lonely girl who works in her father\'s funeral home as a cosmetician. On their first date, he takes her to Comiskey Park  and has a picnic on the field. Their courtship eventually becomes very difficult because Rose begins to feel threatened that Theresa is trying to steal her son away; the fact that Theresa is not Irish  only exacerbates the situation. Danny\'s brother Patrick  tries to convince Danny to remain unmarried so that Danny and Rose can move down to Florida, where Danny can take care of her; Salvatore "Sal" Buonarte , one of Danny\'s married friends and fellow police officers, tries to tell Danny that he can do better and not to settle down just yet, as he did. Because of this, Danny begins to feel guilty about his relationship with Theresa, especially towards his mother. This leads to his interrupting dates with Theresa to check on his mother. When Theresa is finally introduced to Rose at a fancy dinner, Rose immediately begins to put her down. Theresa stands up to Rose, and complains to Danny as to why he didn\'t stand up for her. After Theresa leaves, Danny scolds his mother for being so cruel to Theresa, saying that her way of "telling it like it is" is really her attempts to hurt people. He then reminds her of how she had lost a $450,000 account for his late father\'s company after calling his bosses racial slurs. Danny then tells Rose that he will propose to Theresa, whether she approves or not. That night, Danny apologizes to Theresa and proposes to her from the bucket of a Chicago fire truck. She says yes and the two are set to be married. However, even though Rose finally does approve of Theresa, on the night before the wedding, Danny calls to check on his mother in front of Theresa. Angered at the fact that they might never be alone, Theresa walks off. At the wedding, both Danny and Theresa fail to show up, thus, the two don\'t marry. A few weeks later, Danny\'s friends question what happened to make them not get married, but Danny avoids an answer. Then, when a friend of the family, Doyle  passes away, alone with no wife or children, Danny realizes that he doesn\'t want to end up that way, and realizes that he can\'t let Theresa go. Finally, the day Danny and Rose are scheduled to move to Florida, Danny tells Rose that he can\'t let Theresa go and by leaving her behind, he\'d be leaving behind the best thing that ever happened to him. Reluctant at first, Rose finally agrees to Danny\'s plan and goes to Florida without him, instructing her son to get married, have a family and be happy. Danny then goes to Luna\'s Funeral Home to look for Theresa. However, her father tells him that she left for New York City by train. Danny contacts the railroad station manager, who agrees to stop the train at a suburban station outside the city. There, Danny apologizes to Theresa and proclaims his love for her. He tells her that he will move to New York with her and join the New York City Police Department. Having no more guilt about his mother, the two re-board the train for New York to live the rest of their lives together. Throughout the film, the Muldoons\' Greek neighbor, Nick Acropolis , who encourages Danny to pursue Theresa, attempts to woo Rose. Rose is salty towards him in the beginning, but as she gradually softens her stance regarding Danny\'s relationship with Theresa, she ultimately warms up to Nick.'] ['Jim Blandings , a bright account executive in the advertising business, lives with his wife Muriel  and two daughters in a cramped New York apartment. Muriel secretly plans to remodel their apartment. After rejecting this idea, Jim Blandings comes across an ad for new homes in Connecticut and they get excited about moving. Planning to purchase and "fix up" an old home, the couple contact a real estate agent, who uses them to unload "The Old Hackett Place" in fictional Lansdale County, Connecticut. It is a dilapidated, two hundred-year-old farmhouse. Blandings purchases the property for more than the going rate for land in the area, provoking his friend/lawyer Bill Cole to chastise him for following his heart rather than his head. {{citation needed}} The old house, dating from the Revolutionary War-era, turns out to be structurally unsound and has to be torn down. The Blandings hire architect Simms ([[Reginald Denny  to design and supervise the construction of the new home. From the original purchase to the new house\'s completion, a long litany of unforeseen troubles and setbacks beset the hapless Blandings and delay their moving-in date. On top of all this, at work Jim is assigned the task of coming up with a slogan for "WHAM"-brand ham, an advertising account that has destroyed the careers of previous account executives assigned to it. Jim also suspects that Muriel is cheating on him with Bill Cole after Bill slept at the Blandings\' alone in the house with Muriel one night due to a violent thunderstorm. With mounting pressure, skyrocketing expenses, and his new assignment, Jim starts to wonder why he wanted to live in the country. The Blandings\' maid Gussie provides Blandings with the perfect WHAM slogan, and he saves his job. As the film ends, Bill Cole says that he realizes that some things "you do buy with your heart."'] ['Charlie Hinton is a hardworking father whose wife Kim has just gone back to work as a lawyer. They enroll their child, Ben, in Chapman Academy, a very academic pre-school headed by Miss Harridan. Soon after, Charlie is laid off. In need of money, he opens up a day care center, Daddy Day Care, with the help of his best friend Phil Ryerson. At first, the local moms are suspicious of men wanting to work with children . But as Daddy Day Care is cheaper and more child-centered than the academy, the latter begins to lose popularity. Miss Harridan attempts to shut down Daddy Day Care by notifying child services that Charlie and Phil are not following the regulations. Mr. Kubitz, a director of child services notifies them of the codes that need to be fixed, which Charlie and Phil quickly correct. Daddy Day Care grows in popularity and attracts more children. Mr. Kubitz informs Phil and Charlie that they need another employee to keep an appropriate ratio of children to caregivers. Luckily, Marvin, a former co-worker, had dropped by and after seeing how good he is at entertaining the children, Phil and Charlie ask him about joining. Marvin is unsure at first, but then finds himself falling for Kelli, the single mother of one of the children, and agrees. Later, Mr. Kubitz tells them they have too many kids to stay at Charlie\'s residence. They find an abandoned building with potential, but do not have the money to buy it. They hold a fund raising called "Rock for Daddy Day Care" which Miss Harridan finds out about. Miss Harridan and her assistant wreck the festival by unplugging a bouncy castle, filling the food with cockroaches, switching face paint with glue, releasing animals from the petting zoo, and turning on the sprinklers. Daddy Day Care does not raise enough money. Shortly after, Charlie and Phil are offered their old jobs back, accepting Miss Harridan\'s offer to take the kids back to the academy. Marvin, heartbroken by the closing of the day care, declines Charlie and Phil\'s offer to be on board their marketing panel. Charlie soon realizes that marketing is not what it is all cracked up to be, and successfully convinces the children and their parents to return to Daddy Day Care, making it a raging success, and causing Chapman Academy to shut down. Marvin is now in a relationship with Kelli. Miss Harridan now takes a job as a crossing guard, and her former assistant, Jenny, joins Daddy Day Care at the new facility.'] ['Chantal Stacy  is a young woman from a rich, bourgeoisie family. An important element in Chantal\'s character is her background; while her mother, Germaine Stacy , is a flamboyant, fun-loving dancer from Paris, her father, John Stacy , is a strictly conservative and straight-edged businessman from Boston. Due to their fly-by-night marriage in Paris during one of John Stacy\'s business trips - as Chantal calls it, a "souffle-and-beans romance" - Chantal is born. She is a mix of the two entities. At the beginning of the movie, it is revealed that many of her encounters with males have been cut short on account of her Boston background; a loud Boston foghorn is heard before she can interact intimately with any male. Though Chantal is constantly engaged in casual relationships on account of her exotic beauty, she is still single at the beginning of the film, despite the fact that all of her male partners would readily marry her. John Stacy is eternally worried for his daughter; the fact that she remains unmarried arouses many fears in him, and causes him to be suspicious of any of her interactions with young men. Therefore, after the family moves to New York City and when Chantal is employed as a model by a photographer named Eugene Wright  on Fifth Avenue, her father is outraged. Eventually, however, Chantal\'s mother, a veteran of romance full of priceless French wisdom, convinces her husband that too much involvement in Chantal\'s love affairs might result in catastrophe. Thus, Chantal, with the aid of her mother\'s advice, is able to marry Eugene; after a series of playful interactions, Eugene is practically forced to propose, beginning the hilarious story of their marriage. Early on in their marriage, Chantal is reunited with one of her college friends, whose name is Tina, played by Stephanie Powers. Having obviously come to New York as a mischief-maker, Tina immediately gains the attention of Chantal\'s husband while in her apartment. Impressed by her glamor, Eugene requests that she work for him as a model in his photography studio. Their relationship, though newly established, bears blatant and teasingly romantic overtones, causing a good deal of distress for Chantal. Fortunately, her mother is able to offer a solution to the problem: she suggests that Chantal adapt the strategies of a dog-trainer toward Eugene, giving her daughter a detailed training booklet for canines. Though Chantal is shocked and incredulous at first, her desperation ultimately leads her to accept the book and follow her mother\'s advice. The book works like a charm for Chantal; after having used it for several weeks, Eugene seems to have suddenly transformed into the ideal husband, obeying her every wish and providing her with complete romantic satisfaction. When discussing the change with her mother, Chantal undergoes the revelation that the training has actually been intended for her. She realizes that her change of perspective has led to a happy and enjoyable marriage, and is truly impressed by her mother\'s unique sense of wisdom. However, Chantal soon encounters trouble; Tina makes an unexpected visit to her apartment and reveals to Chantal that she is tragically lonely and madly envious of Chantal\'s marital harmony. In the midst of her emotional collapse, Tina pleads that Chantal reveal her methods. Though Chantal is reluctant, Tina eventually extracts the dog-training secrets from her friend, and despite having been warned by Chantal that it may seem strange, Tina hysterically laughs and mocks Chantal\'s secret. When Eugene returns home, Tina takes advantage of the situation; through a series of pestering jokes, she reveals Chantal\'s secret to Eugene, much to the chagrin of Chantal. As a result, Eugene is furious. Humiliated and enraged, he once again begins neglecting his wife, beginning a difficult spot in their marriage. Not surprisingly, however, Chantal\'s mother is able to provide a solution. She explains to Chantal that the best way to regain her husband\'s attention is by creating an imaginary \'lover\' to make Eugene jealous and suspicious. Having used this tactic in her own marriage through an imaginary man named Robert Swan, Chantal\'s mother assures her that the idea, though questionable, is guaranteed to work. Chantal asks her father about the incident long ago, who confirms that \'Robert Swan\' had driven him mad with envy. Therefore, Chantal and her mother conspire against Eugene using the same trick; Chantal is aided by her mother in simulating the presence of a lover, once again using the name of Robert Swan. After many suspicious phone calls, as well as dozens of expensive and anonymous flower purchases, Eugene is entirely suspicious and indignant. Eventually, he confronts Chantal with the name of Robert Swan, playing perfectly into the plan. However, when Chantal explains the truth to Eugene, just as she had intended to do, Eugene refuses to believe her. Although the conflict was meant to be ended as soon as he learned the truth, Eugene prolongs the situation by continuing to believe in Robert Swan, and by encouraging Chantal to abandon him for her new-found lover. Chantal is outraged that Eugene continues to prolong the issue, and soon finds it raging out of her control; Eugene suddenly receives a phone call from the actual Robert Swan and invites him to dinner to discuss the issue. Dumbfounded, Chantal begins to prepare dinner. Much to her surprise, Robert Swan, played by Cesar Romero, shows up at the apartment, recognizing Chantal, despite the fact that she has never seen the man in her life. Upon meeting one another, Eugene and Robert Swan have very friendly interactions, seeming strangely congenial with one another despite the conflict occurring between them. Chantal is overwhelmed by the situation; she phones her parents and orders them to come over. Though they believe at first that she is hallucinating, they eventually meet Robert Swan, both with flabbergasted reactions. Mr. Swan seems to remember Germaine Stacy very fondly, and yet she is just as confused as Chantal. John Stacy, upon seeing this obstacle of his past, storms out of the apartment in surprise. Mrs. Stacy, however, joins Chantal in the bedroom where Mr. Swan\'s possessions are lying about, due to his plan to move in with Eugene after their delightful union. While examining Robert Swan\'s items, Chantal discovers that Robert Swan is, in reality, Adam Wright, Eugene\'s father. Amused my such a concept, Germaine goes to tell her husband the reality of the situation, only to find that John Stacy had orchestrated the entire affair as a joke against the plotting females. Though she laughingly accepts defeat, Chantal is more focused on exacting revenge. Fully aware of the conspiracy, she angrily insults her husband and leaves the apartment with all her things as if to move away. Later, however, Eugene sends Chantal a letter, requesting her presence in the apartment. Chantal arrives at the apartment only to find that it has been covered in countless items of dog merchandise. Eugene jokingly emerges from a doghouse and summons her to his side. Their conflict seemingly ended by this comical turn of events, Chantal and Eugene share a kiss; knowing that they love one another, and that a baby is on its way into the family, they are able to continue their happily married lives together. As Germaine Stacy  says, "If you come to love and say please me, care for me, fulfill me, you will be disappointed. It is what YOU bring to love that matters. Don\'t you disappoint love!"'] ['The film begins with Finbar "Barry" McMullen  standing at the grave of his recently deceased father, along with his mother, who tells him that she\'s returning to her native Ireland to be with Finbar O\'Shaughnessy , her sweetheart of long ago. She tells Barry that while she gave Barry\'s father 35 of the best years of her life, she\'s going to start living life her way with the man she really loves. While this could be interpreted as disrespect for the memory of the family patriarch, it is later revealed in the movie that he was an alcoholic and abused his family prior to his death. Fast forward five years after the cemetery scene. Barry\'s brother Jack ([[Jack Mulcahy  has purchased their parents\' home and lives in it with his wife Molly, who is pressing Jack to start a family, despite his reluctance. The truth is, Jack is torn between his love for Molly and his lust for Ann, a former romantic interest of Barry\'s. Jack begins an affair with Ann. Meanwhile, Barry and the youngest brother, Pat  ask to temporarily move in with Jack, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pat and Barry, like their brother, are torn between prolonged adolescence and commitment to marriage. Pat plans to break his engagement to Susan, but becomes depressed when she breaks up with him, citing his indecisiveness about their relationship and the problems that could come between two faiths, as Susan is Jewish and Pat is a devout Catholic. Barry shows no interest in a long-term relationship, until he meets Audrey , a woman whom he accuses of "stealing" an apartment that he was trying to rent for himself. Though things do not go well between them at first, they warm up to one another and start a relationship. Molly learns of Jack\'s affair after finding a wrapped condom in his pants as she is cleaning up after him one day. She confronts Jack, but he refuses to discuss it. His brothers also try to intervene, but to no avail. After much pleading, Susan decides to take Pat back. But almost immediately after she does so, Pat decides to end the relationship for good. The reason is Leslie, a girl-next-door type who likes to work on her father\'s car ... a sharp contrast to Susan\'s materialistic personality; Leslie offers Pat nothing more than simple friendship. The friendship develops into something a little more when they decide to head out to California together in a classic car that Leslie has her eye on. Jack, knowing he has to make a choice between his wife and his mistress, finally breaks it off for good with Ann, despite his repeated attempts to do so in the past. Hurt by the rejection that she\'s heard many times before from Jack, Ann tells him to never call her again. He then returns home determined to rebuild his wounded marriage, but not before paying a visit to his father\'s grave, promising  that he will be a better husband to his wife than his father was, pouring a bottle of Irish whiskey over the grave. Barry decides to move in with Audrey and take their relationship to the next level. The movie ends with all three brothers gathering at the family homestead with a newfound belief in love and a desire to not let the ghosts of the past stand in their way.'] [" Drew Latham  is a wealthy advertising executive. Just before Christmas, he surprises his girlfriend Missy  with first class tickets to Fiji. She is horrified that he would want to spend Christmas away from his family. Citing the fact that Drew has never even introduced her to his family, she concludes that he will never get serious about their relationship and dumps him. Drew has his assistant send her a Cartier bracelet to apologize. Desperate not to spend Christmas alone, Drew calls all of his contacts to find a place to stay on Christmas, but he is not close enough to anyone to be invited. He tracks down Dr. Freeman  at the airport, hoping to squeeze in a therapy session. The hurried doctor tells him to list all of his grievances and then burn them at his childhood home. The house is now occupied by the Valcos, who wonder what Drew is doing on their front lawn. When he sets his grievances on fire, Tom Valco  sneaks up behind him and knocks him out with a shovel. After he comes to, Drew explains what he was doing and asks for a tour of the house. Thrilled to see his old room, Drew impetuously offers Tom $250,000 to let him spend Christmas with the Valcos. Tom accepts, and Drew's lawyer draws up a contract that requires the Valcos to pose as his family. The next day, Drew forces the family to go out and buy a tree together, requiring Tom to wear a Santa cap in public. While they are trimming the tree, the eldest child Alicia  arrives for the holidays and is stunned by Drew's presence. He suggests that she could portray the maid, since she was an unexpected addition to the scenario. At dinner, Drew writes a script for the family to read at the table. He hires a local actor to play the part of his grandfather, whom he calls Doo-dah . Drew takes Alicia and her brother Brian ([[Josh Zuckerman  sledding the next day. After crashing at the bottom of a hill, he moves into kiss Alicia, who sneezes instead. Recovering back home from their growing colds, Alicia shares a childhood memory with Drew about an old tree that was coated in ice during a storm. Tom asks Drew to leave because he was planning on divorcing his wife Christine . Instead, Drew encourages the couple to indulge themselves. Tom buys a Chevelle SS, which he had when he was in high school, and Christine goes to a photographer for some glamor shots. One evening, Drew takes Alicia to the old tree of her childhood, which he has had covered in ice again. She is touched by the gesture, but Drew overdoes it, bringing in a full pageant production to surround the tree. Disgusted by his lack of restraint, Alicia demands that he leave. Meanwhile, Missy was won over by the bracelet, and when Drew's assistant informed her that he was spending Christmas with his family, Missy visits the Valco's house with her parents. Drew promises the Valco's an extra $75,000 if they will play along for the evening, and they agree to pretend to be his family. The visit between the two families steadily descends into chaos, culminating with everyone seeing Christine's glamor shots manipulated into pornography on Brian's computer. Missy's parents storm out, and Drew informs her that their relationship is over. Alicia finally draws out of Drew the truth about his family. His father left them when he was just four, and every Christmas, his mother would work a double shift at the diner to make extra money. He would spend Christmas Day alone and visit his mom at the end of the night, and she would give him an adult stack of pancakes. He repeated the ritual every year until he was 18, and he has never been in a diner since. His mother died when he was in college. Drew returns to his apartment to spend Christmas alone. Tom visits him to collect his money, and the two decide to go watch the actor who played Doo-Dah perform in the local production of A Christmas Carol. At the play, Tom and Christine decide not to divorce. Drew and Alicia make up outside the theater, and the film closes with everyone eating in a diner together."] ['The Numata family consists of the father, Kōsuke ; mother, Chikako ; and two sons, Shinichi  and Shigeyuki . Shigeyuki is a junior high school student who will soon be taking a high school entrance examination. Unlike the high school student brother, Shinichi, who lives up to Kōsuke’s expectations, Shigeyuki’s grades are consistently poor. The white-collar workaholic father finds a private tutor, Yoshimoto , for Shigeyuki and imposes all responsibilities for his exam on the tutor. Even though Yoshimoto is a seventh year student of a third-rate university, Shigeyuki’s marks become better and better.'] ['Ferdinando Cefalù , an impoverished Sicilian nobleman, is married to Rosalia , an unattractive but devoted wife. However, he is in love with his cousin Angela , a very much younger and attractive woman whom he sees only during the summers because her family sends her away to the city to a nunnery to receive her education. Besides his wife, he shares his life with his elderly parents and his spinster sister and her boyfriend who runs a funeral business; the family share their once stately palace with his uncles, who are slowly but surely eating away the remainders of the then rich estate of the Baron. Ferdinando spends his spare time  imagining several ways in which he can do away with his wife, such as throwing her into a boiling caldron to turn her into soap or sending her into space in a rocket. After a chance encounter with Angela during a family trip, he discovers that she shares his feelings. With this, he resolves to carry out his plans and is inspired by a local story of a woman who killed her husband in a rage of jealousy to make his wife have an affair so that he can catch her in flagrante delicto, murder her, and receive a light sentence for committing an honor killing, studying very carefully the Criminal Code. As he goes along fleshing out his plan, he first needs to find a suitable man for his wife, which he finds in the local priest\'s godson, Carmelo Patanè, who has had feelings for Rosalia for years and was presumed dead in Africa during World War II. He then also procures the State Prosecutor\'s undying friendship by feeding his love for alcohol. The final stage of his plan is arranging to have Carmelo\'s constant presence in his house, which is achieved by his interest in having his palace restored. The plan takes a while to get off the ground, because Carmelo is very shy and Rosalia is more than a match in conjugal fidelity. Ferdinando is aware of the development of his plan because he has been taping all their conversations and has to ward off the help\'s infatuation with Carmelo. During his monitoring of the entire plan, Ferdinando discovers that Carmelo is actually married with three children and a philanderer who could be easily distracted by any other passing skirt. However, his plan turns out better than expected when Rosalia and Carmelo finally give in to their passion; but as he eavesdrops the tape runs out at the precise moment the adulterers arrange for their next illicit meeting. All Ferdinando knows is that it will take place the next evening. Rosalia feigns to have a terrible headache and remains home while the rest of the family go out to the theatre to see the première of a film so scandalous that no one wishes to miss it. Ferdinando sneaks out of the theatre and goes back to the palace, arriving just in time to see Rosalia running to the train station. He initially has to run out after her but still has to retrieve the gun to kill the couple; and as a result he misses the train and the lovers in it. He revisits his plan and the Criminal Code, which calls for a crime of passion to be executed in the heat of the moment or in defense of one\'s honor; this then means changing his plan and passing off as the cuckold. All the while Angela has been writing to Ferdinando to assure her of her undying love no matter what; however, one of her letters is misdelivered to her father who dies of a stroke upon reading it. At the funeral, Ferdinando is approached by Mrs. Patanè who demands to know what he will do to avenge their situation. Since Ferdinando is still doing nothing, she spits in his face in front of the entire town, which gives him all that he needed: an open insult to the family\'s honor due to his wife\'s elopement. The local mafia boss offers to find the lovers within 24 hours, which he does. As Ferdinando goes to the lovers\' hideout, he comes across Mrs. Patanè, who has just shot her husband, which actually leaves him in a worse position than before. As he sees no other choice, he follows in Mrs. Patanè\'s footsteps and finally kills his wife. During his trial he is actually defended by the State Prosecutor who blames the whole thing on Ferdinando\'s father and his lack of love when raising him as a boy. He spends no more than three years in jail and finally comes back home to find a loving Angela waiting for him. In the film\'s epilogue, Ferdinando and Angela are sailing away on a sailboat, happily. Ferdinando states "life begins at 40" as the camera pans down, revealing Angela seductively rubbing her feet against the workman steering the boat.'] ['Liu Pingguo  and her husband, An Kun  are a young migrant couple from the northeast of China who have moved to Beijing for a better life. Pingguo and An Kun live in a dilapidated apartment eking out their existence working menial jobs. An Kun works as a window washer, while his wife works in the Golden Basin Massage Parlor as a foot masseuse. Golden Basin is owned and operated by Lin Dong , an unabashed womanizer, and himself from Guangdong Province. His wife, Wang Mei  practices Chinese medicine. Very soon, the two couples find themselves headed for a collision course. When Pingguo\'s best friend, Xiao Mei , assaults a customer, she is quickly fired by Lin Dong. Pingguo, wishing to commiserate, takes her friend out and promptly becomes drunk on bai jiu. Returning to the Golden Basin, she passes out in an empty office. Lin Dong, seeing the vulnerable Pingguo attempts to make a pass, which quickly turns into rape, a rape witnessed by the window washer, An Kun. Furious at the sight, An Kun begins a campaign of harassment against Lin Dong, defacing his Mercedes Benz, and attempting to blackmail him for ¥20,000. When Lin Dong ignores the furious husband, An Kun goes directly to Wang Mei, who rather than acquiescing, seduces the naive window washer. Soon, it is discovered that Liu Pingguo is pregnant, though neither An Kun nor Lin Dong can be certain of who is the father. Lin Dong, however, sees in Pingguo an opportunity to make things right with his barren wife as well as to settle things with Pingguo and her husband once and for all. Soon, the two husbands have concocted a scheme wherein An Kun initially receives ¥20,000 for his mental suffering. If the child has Lin Dong\'s blood type, he will go home with the massage-parlor owner and An Kun will receive ¥100,000. If however, the baby is An Kun\'s, no money is exchanged, but Pingguo and An Kun keep the baby. Moreover, if Lin Dong again sleeps with Pingguo, half of his assets will go to Wang Mei in a divorce proceeding. During these negotiations, Pingguo remains conspicuously silent. As the baby is carried to term, Lin Dong becomes more and more attached to the idea that he will at last be a father. When the baby is born however, An Kun discovers that it is indeed his child. Unable to turn down the money, he manages to convince Lin Dong that it is his son, allowing him to collect the ¥120,000. Although, seeing how happy Lin Dong is with the baby, An Kun grows increasingly jealous, at last resorting to a clumsy and ultimately doomed kidnapping. After being released , An Kun attempts to "repurchase" his child, to which Lin Dong promptly refuses. Pingguo, who had moved into Lin Dong\'s home after the birth as a nursemaid, at last has had enough. Quietly, she gathers the money that An Kun had returned, and taking her child, walks out the door. The film then ends as the two men, Lin Dong and An Kun, attempt to search for her, only to have their car break down on a busy Beijing highway...'] ['A socially awkward, overweight, naïve "ugly duckling", who is obsessed with the music of ABBA, Muriel Heslop  is the target of ridicule by the more fashion-conscious girls she considers her friends. She also is a perpetual daydreamer who yearns for a glamorous wedding and marriage to a man who will help improve her personal life and free her from a tedious life dominated by her demanding and often psychologically abusive father Bill ([[Bill Hunter , a corrupt politician who verbally lashes out at his subservient wife Betty and their unambitious children at every opportunity. After Bill discovers Muriel has used a blank cheque to steal money to finance a vacation at a tropical resort, she leaves her family in the coastal town of Porpoise Spit, Queensland to set up house in Sydney with her carefree, hedonistic friend Rhonda . In Sydney, she follows her dream, only to discover life\'s realities. Although ostensibly a comedy, Muriel\'s Wedding deals with serious issues. The overriding theme of following one\'s dream is regularly punctuated by scenes depicting the disappointments and loss of self-esteem that frequently accompany the quest.'] ["Celeste  is an alien sent on a secret mission to Earth; Steven Mills  is a widowed scientist who is working on experimental ways to send radio waves into deep space. An accident causes a loss of gravity on Celeste's home world. She's sent to investigate who could affect gravity and how it was done under the belief it was an attack. She's aided by an alien device resembling a tentacle with an eye, which hides in a designer purse to aid Celeste with her encounters on Earth. The Bag is able to create diamonds and designer dresses almost instantaneously. Celeste's inexperience leads to her almost exposing herself as alien, like trying to kiss for the first time or cooking. Jessie Mills , Steven's 13 year old daughter, notices Celeste's strange habits, like eating cigarette butts and flashlight batteries or pulling hard boiled eggs out of boiling hot water with her bare hands. However, she can't convince her smitten father that there is something unusual about Celeste. Celeste encounters a lot of new experiences such as sneezing, sexual intercourse and love. Eventually, Celeste falls in love with Steven and likes his daughter. She attempts to convince her home world that the attack was actually an accident and that Earth shouldn't be destroyed."] ['Happy-go-lucky advertising executive David Basner , who recently got a promotion at his Chicago ad agency, returns to work from a vacation. He is utterly carefree until his parents split up after 36 years of marriage. Out of the blue, he must care for his aging, bitter father, Max , as well as be there for his emotionally fragile mother, Lorraine . To add insult to injury, Max has just been fired from his 35-year career in the garment industry. At work, David is developing a commercial for Colonial Airlines, owned by the rich and eccentric Andrew Woolridge . A successful ad campaign would likely promote David to partner in his company. David develops a relationship with Woolridge\'s daughter, no-nonsense Cheryl Ann Wayne . His father is well aware of David\'s playboy nature. Asking at one point if his son is in bed with a woman, Max adds: "Anybody you know?" The parents begin to rely more and more on David, calling him on the phone constantly. His mother needs help moving to a new apartment. His father needs to be driven to an eye doctor. Lorraine needs to be rescued in a bar after going out on a date with another man, having become frightened when he tried to kiss her goodnight. David\'s mother then confides to him that Max cheated on her and humiliated her. An enraged David goes to confront Max. Their argument ends with David saying: "Tomorrow I\'m shooting a commercial about a family who loves each other, who cares about each other. I\'m fakin\' it." The next day, David is distracted by the deteriorating relationship with his dad and it affects his work. As a peace offering, David offers to take Max to a nightclub to hear some of the jazz music Max likes. It is there that David accidentally discovers a secret Max has been hiding: diabetes. His foot is gangrened. Max must go to the hospital. While awaiting surgery, he and Lorraine share their thoughts about their life together, with Lorraine condemning him for doing what he did to himself and to her. Max sobs over his mistakes once he is alone. At the agency, Andrew Woolridge insists that David go to New York with him to promote his new ad campaign. David refuses, saying he wants to stay with his sick father. Woolridge complains that it\'s unnecessary. David tells him off and is fired. The next day, David accompanies his dad to the operating room. His boss Charlie, after relating a similar story to David about his difficult relationship with his own father, assures David that he will personally smooth things over with Woolridge, so David should take some time off. Max loses two toes. When he goes home from the hospital, David pushes his wheelchair. Max admits to his son: "You were the last person I thought would ever come through for me."'] ['John Farley  is a successful self-help author who returns to his hometown in Nebraska to receive an award. Farley arrives at home and learns that his widowed mother Beverly  is dating his former gym teacher Jasper Woodcock . Farley disapproves of the relationship because he remembers Woodcock as an abusive bully. Woodcock and Beverly become engaged and the majority of the film centers on Farley\'s attempts to convince his mother to break off the relationship. Farley becomes increasingly obsessed with beating Woodcock at various competitions and with proving that Woodcock is not a suitable mate for Beverly. Farley\'s antics are so over-the-top and childish that his new love interest Tracy , a former classmate, refuses to see him again. Farley is set to receive his award at the same ceremony where Woodcock will be presented with an award for "Educator of the Year." Woodcock receives his award first and is praised by numerous members of the community for being a great teacher and influence on children. Farley is incredulous and devotes his acceptance speech to explaining why Woodcock is an "asshole." Woodcock and various crowd members refute Farley\'s points, and Woodcock then challenges Farley to a fight. Beverly witnesses this and breaks up with Woodcock. The next day, Farley has a heart-to-heart conversation with his mother, who tells him that he is self-centered and has always sabotaged her relationships with men. Farley realizes she is correct and attempts to apologize to Woodcock. The two have a final cathartic fight, which leads to Woodcock suffering a concussion. Farley and Beverly visit Woodcock in the hospital and all three seemingly make peace. Farley declares that the key to life is not "getting past your past" but instead learning to embrace your past. He opines that Woodcock\'s rough treatment in gym class helped him become the man he is today. The film ends with several short scenes cut into the final credits. These scenes reveal that Woodcock and Beverly got married, Farley was reunited with Tracy, and Farley wrote a second book entitled Backbone: The Definite Guide to Self Confidence.'] ['Jesminder "Jess" Bhamra  is the 18-year-old daughter of Punjabi Sikhs from Hounslow, west London. Juliette "Jules" Paxton  is the daughter of an English couple. Jess is infatuated with football, but because she is female , her parents do not allow her to play. However, she sometimes plays in the park with various boys and her good friend Tony, a closet homosexual. When Jules discovers Jess\' skills, she invites Jess to try out for her local team, the Hounslow Harriers, coached by Joe , an Irishman. Although initially skeptical, Joe is convinced by watching Jess play, and puts her on the team. Jess lies to Joe about her parents being on board with the idea. She becomes fast friends with Jules and Marlena "Mel" Goines . Jess is attracted to Joe, a gora. When the team travels to Hamburg, Jess and Joe\'s relationship develops; at the end of the night the two are about to kiss when Jules  interrupts them, souring Jess and Jules\' friendship. When Jess arrives at Jules\' house to try to fix the friendship, Mrs. Paxton is misled and thinks that the pair are involved in a lesbian relationship. Jess\' parents learn that she has been playing on the team and become more strict, ensuring she does not attend matches. Meanwhile, the elder Bhamras are distracted by the elaborate preparations for the upcoming wedding of their older daughter, Pinky . Thanks to Jess and Jules\' skill, the Harriers reach the finals of the league tournament. An American recruiting scout will be attending. Unfortunately, the final is held on the day of Pinky\'s wedding. Joe pleads with Mr. Bhamra to allow Jess to play, but he refuses. He reveals that he does not want Jess to suffer as he did when he was kicked out of a cricket club because of his race. Joe accepts that Jess will not play and the final begins without her. Halfway through Pinky\'s wedding reception, Tony convinces Mr. Bhamra  to allow Jess to play. Tony drives Jess to the final, where the Harriers are 1–0 down, with half an hour remaining. Jess and Jules tie the score, and when Jess is awarded a free kick, she must bend the ball around the wall of players to win the game. She succeeds, and Hounslow wins the tournament. Jess and Jules are offered football scholarships to Santa Clara University in California. Jules tells her parents immediately, but Jess has trouble telling hers. Jules and Mrs. Paxton arrive at the wedding, for Jules to celebrate the scholarship offers with Jess. Again mistaking the girls\' mutual affection for something more, Mrs. Paxton accuses Jess of being a hypocrite, and calls her a \'lesbian\'. Mortified by the scene her mother is making, Jules grabs her and flees. Jess still has not told her parents of her scholarship, so Tony claims that he and Jess want to get engaged, on the condition that she go to any college she wants prior to their marriage. Jess exposes the lie, stating that she needs to base her future on honesty, and that accepting the scholarship is her heart\'s desire. Mr. Bhamra talks Mrs. Bhamra into allowing Jess to go, saying that he does not want Jess to give up her dreams as he did. Jess flees to the football field to tell Joe of her parents\' decision. The two almost kiss, but Jess pulls away, saying her parents would object; although they had bent their rules to let her go to America to play, she doesn\'t think they would be able to handle her breaking another cultural taboo. On the day of Jess\' and Jules\' flight to America, the two families say their separate goodbyes to their daughters. As the two are about to board the plane, Joe arrives and confesses his love for Jess. The two kiss. Jess agrees to sort out their relationship  when she returns for Christmas. A weeping Mrs. Bhamra offers Jules\' mother a tissue, and the fathers shake hands. In the final scene, a pregnant Pinky sets a Santa Clara team photograph back on the mantel in her parents\' house. As the movie ends, Mr. Bhamra and Joe play cricket in the park.'] ['San Francisco debutante Jessica Poole hasn\'t seen her father "Pogo" Poole since the divorce between him and her mother Katharine, many years before. Pogo went off to travel the world and enjoy himself, while Katharine remarried to stodgy banker Jim Dougherty. Now Jessica is about to marry Roger Henderson, a cattle rancher from the Napa Valley, and Pogo has been invited to the wedding. Pogo arrives, as charming as he ever was. He is delighted by Jessica, and captivates her in return. He makes peace with Katharine, and even wins over Toy, the Doughertys\' prized cook, though not Jim and Roger. But Pogo is still as irresponsible as before. He invites Jessica to come away with him and "see the world". He even tries to break up her engagement, to Katharine\'s dismay. He also seems to be coming between Jim and Katharine, who has never quite got over her love for him. Despite Pogo\'s maneuvers, the wedding goes through. But Pogo has reserved two airline tickets: who\'s going with him? Katharine, fearing that Pogo has won over Jessica after all, rushes to the airport. Jim, seeing Katharine leave the reception, fears she is leaving him for Pogo, and goes after her. They meet at the airport, and see Pogo boarding a plane - with Toy.'] ["The film opens with Lloyd and Caroline Chasseur  in marriage counseling on Christmas Eve; the session does not go well and their problems become evident. Caroline has had an affair, and Lloyd is miserable and blames the problems with their son, Jesse , on his wife. The marriage counselor tries to get the two of them to talk to each other, but, behaving professionally, he himself refuses to intercede on either side. The film cuts to a criminal named Gus  in the midst of stealing jewelry from a safe in a home he has broken into; however, he accidentally sets off the alarm, a trap door opens, and he lands in the basement. Only after he is bitten on the leg by a guard dog is Gus able to escape the house, but his getaway car, driven by his bumbling, alcoholic, partner Murray ([[Richard Bright , is no longer there. While Caroline is in the market, Gus spots her and, holding a gun to her back, orders her to take him to her car. He then proceeds to order both her and Lloyd to take him to their house. Along the way the couple continues to argue, with Gus beginning to act as a referee to make them shut up, all the while regretting his decision to kidnap the two. Back at the house things continue to get worse as the police have set up roadblocks and there is a reward out for Gus. Lloyd and Caroline continue to argue, their neighbor dressed as Santa stops by, and two police officers go door to door looking for Gus. Gus manages to contact Murray, who is at the local bar, and orders him to steal them a boat. Soon, Jesse comes home and discovers his parents tied up, and is himself tied up. After breaking loose of his own restraints, he makes a failed attempt at making Gus release his parents. Lloyd’s family, consisting of Lloyd’s brother Gary , his wife Connie , their two children Mary and John , and Lloyd’s mother Rose , are introduced into the story. Rose is extremely wealthy and is a cold, callous, and arrogant woman. Gus, seeing no other option, decides to pretend to be Lloyd’s and Caroline’s marriage counselor as he cannot hold everyone hostage. Jesse, however, is tied up and gagged upstairs in his parents' closet. Things come to head when Caroline and Lloyd are unable to stop fighting. Gus's pointed comments goad the family on to many realizations, leading Lloyd to finally get up the guts to stand up to his wife and his mother. Everyone finds out who Gus really is after the doorbell rings and Rose attempts to go upstairs; Gus stops her by pointing a gun at her head and ordering everyone to the den. The man at the door is Jesse’s commander from military school, whom Jesse has been blackmailing, as he explains to Lloyd and Caroline. Jesse has managed to untie himself and is discovered with his hidden money; when the doorbell rings again, Caroline tells him to stay put. When Lloyd, Caroline, and Gus get back downstairs, the neighbor from earlier has entered their house and is very drunk and lunges at Gus, who knocks him out. The state police arrive, and Lloyd tells Jesse to take Gus to the docks using the path through the woods. Gus steals the Santa suit and makes it safely to the docks and escapes. Back at home the couple have managed to get the police out of their home with their bickering and then, having worked through all of their differences throughout the evening with Gus's assistance, they make up and decide to stay together."] ['Martin Harvey  is a middle-aged office worker who lives in Chicago with his wife Katherine , 11-year-old son Ben , and 16-year-old daughter Caroline . When Martin learns that his recently deceased uncle has bequeathed him a sailing yacht once owned by Clark Gable, he decides to take the family to the island of Ste. Pomme de Terre  to retrieve the boat so he can sell it. At first, Katherine resists the idea of taking the family away from work and school, but she agrees after Caroline announces that she has just gotten engaged to an uncouth young man. When the Harveys arrive at the island, they discover that the yacht, the Wanderer, is in terrible condition. Upon hearing this, the yacht broker cancels his plan to send an experienced captain to help them sail to Miami, and instead hires a local sailor. Captain Ron Rico  arrives at the dock a bit later. He is a one-eyed man with a very casual attitude, a Navy veteran who claims to have piloted the USS Saratoga. He initially plans to inspect the yacht before setting sail, but he decides to launch immediately when he discovers that the car he arrived in has rolled off the dock and sank. As the Wanderer motors out to sea, the man who owns the car arrives at the dock, shouts "You stole my wife!", and tries to shoot Captain Ron. As the story progresses, we learn that Captain Ron is different from anything the family has ever experienced. He has no problem taking Ben\'s money in a game of Monopoly, giving him beers to drink and then charging him for them later, but shows a surprising loyalty to Martin, who he only refers to as "Boss". Martin, however, doesn\'t like Captain "Moron", as he calls him in his diary. It appears that he is getting strangely close to his family, and also believes that he doesn\'t know what he\'s doing. The other family members learn to love Captain Ron and his quirky life style. While on their way to Miami, the family decides to make the most of it, and stop off at certain islands of the Caribbean, but learn that Captain Ron doesn\'t know how to navigate. While on a random island that they mistook for another place, Martin becomes infuriated with Captain Ron and decides to go on a "nature hike" instead of staying with his family to make the most of it. Captain Ron warns him to stay on the path, because of "guerrillas", which Martin shrugs off as ridiculous, believing him to mean "gorillas", but the angered Martin strays from the path only to run into guerrillas, led by General Armando . Captain Ron eventually bargains for Martin\'s freedom by giving them a lift to the next island, and receiving some firearms in return to fight off pirates. This only angers Martin more, as he declares there will be no firearms on his boat and tosses them overboard, before realizing that without them, he is indeed going to be forced to give the revolutionaries a ride. When the family arrives at their next destination , Martin and Katherine are arrested for smuggling revolutionaries onto the island. The children, however, have a great time partying with the locals and Captain Ron on the island which ends with Caroline getting a tattoo, Ben breaking his glasses and Captain Ron losing his glass eye. Martin and Katherine are released from jail, but are forced to leave the island that night. Martin decides to leave Captain Ron behind and go on without him. Not soon after, they encounter pirates, have the Wanderer stolen, and are stuck floating in the ocean on a raft. After some drifting, they land on the island of Cuba, much to Martin\'s dismay, and discover that their yacht is there. The pirates discover them, but with the surprising help of Captain Ron, they are able to escape with their boat. Captain Ron learns that the family underrates Martin and decides to play hurt, forcing Martin to take control in the escape of the pirates. Using the skills that Captain Ron taught the family, they are able to get their sails up after their engine breaks from lack of oil to better the distance between them and the pirates. In the end, the United States Coast Guard fires once at the pirates, scaring them away and creating a safe passage to Miami for the family. They arrive in Miami and part ways with Captain Ron. As they sail to their destination, they decide to turn the boat around and keep it. Then a couple in another boat who envy the Harvey Family see them sail off. To their surprise, Captain Ron, now cleaned up with his hair pulled back and wearing a suit, pops up and says they should take the boat out for a spin.'] ["Set in Palm Beach, Florida, Sean Armstrong  is an ex-wrestler and Burt Wilson  is his friend and former manager, now running a bodyguard service. Sean is suffering from wrestler-days' nightmares, while Burt has a bum leg from saving Sean's life and financial difficulties. With much whining and acting, Burt manages to persuade Sean to take a bodyguard job for Alex Mason, Sr. , the head of the prestigious tech firm, Mason Systems, which is developing a new anti-missile system, the Peacefinder Project. The vital information for this project is stored on a microchip. But it is neither the inventor nor the chip Sean has to guard - he is to look after the two Mason kids: Alex Jr.  and Kate . As it turns out, Alex and Kate are two highly mischievous brats who vie for their often-too-absent father's attention by wreaking havoc in the household via elaborate and rather vicious pranks and booby-traps, with their specialty targets being the nannies he has assigned to take care of them . Sean witnesses the last nanny jumping into the fountain in front of the house to extinguish the fire in her hair. However, their father proves to be either too distracted or too lenient, which causes the children to continue their schemes. Thinking that he is a new  replacement, they find a new target in Sean. But after one prank too many, which involves a swimming pool full of red dye , Sean finally exerts his authority and not only gets to quiet Alex and Kate down, he also manages to open the eyes of their father to his family problems. However, the real trouble has just started. The unscrupulous and vain Tommy Thanatos  is after Alex Sr.'s chip, and he will not stop at anything to get it. As it turns out, Sean and Burt had been once at the receiving end of one of his schemes: he had ordered them to throw a match, and when they had not complied, he attempted to shoot them. However, Burt threw himself in front of Sean, taking the bullet in his right leg ; Sean had chased Thanatos to the roof of the stadium, and after a furious fight Thanatos ended up plunging head-first into an empty pool. This accident fractured the top of his skull, forcing the attachment of a steel skullplate and removing part of his afro of which he was so proud. Thanatos kidnaps Alex Sr. with the help of Frank Olsen , the corrupt security chief of Mason Systems , and demands of him to hand over the chip. When Alex Sr.  refuses, Thanatos has Alex and Kate kidnapped in order to force him to comply. Despite a valiant effort, Sean is overpowered and Burt is taken as well, giving Thanatos an unexpected revenge bonus. But Sean manages to track down Thanatos, and with the help of his friends is able to beat the villains. As Thanatos prepares to charge Sean, Alex Sr. and the children activate an improvised electromagnet to launch him into space, leaving only his skullplate. The movie ends with Sean preparing to take a leave of absence from the Masons. But Alex and Kate intend to have him back much sooner - and therefore Sean falls victim to yet another prank."] ['Leslie, whose husband is in Iraq, is in danger of losing her benefits if she does not return to work. Salman, her brother-in-law, arrives in her town to help watch over Leslie\'s two kids. In part this is due to Salman\'s having no other place to go. He seems a bit spacey and was fired from his last job at a copy shop because he enjoyed laminating so much that he laminated everything in the store that was laminatable . Leslie\'s eldest son, Cameron, takes an instant dislike to Salman and threatens to kill him. Her other son Lincoln follows his lead. Salman\'s difficulty in handling the two hyperactive children does not impress Leslie, so she asks him to leave. Unfortunately that\'s not an option as Salman has no money and nowhere to go. So, struggling for answers and a way to keep things from falling apart, Leslie finds Salman a job at her company. They will trade off working and watching after the kids. Leslie does not realize that the job Salman gets is as a blue-costumed corporate mascot called "Kabluey". Salman\'s job as Kabluey is to hand out flyers  on the side of the road for her company, a faltering dot-com called BluNexion. The costume has its unique challenges, being extremely hot inside and having no fingers on the hands, forcing him to grip the flyers under his arms. Standing on the side of the road also seems completely pointless - as the only people who drive by are farmers who don\'t need office space. Kabluey  also interacts with passing road workers, and an insane woman  who constantly drives by and even tries to kill Kabluey with her car. Despite all this, Salman finds strange confidence through his suit and alter ego - and his life begins to change. Salman is asked to entertain at a birthday party in the suit. He manages to gain the respect of Cameron and Lincoln in the process. He later discovers Leslie is having an affair with her boss Brad but is afraid to confront the issue. When he later discovers that Brad is sleeping with another woman, he attacks Brad  while Brad is in a motel room with the other woman, but not before calling Leslie to the scene. Confronted with the reality of the situation, Leslie slaps Salman and walks away, but later breaks down in Salman\'s arms. She tells him that she never loved Brad and never planned on leaving her husband, that the situation had simply developed due to stress and as a way to keep money coming in. Leslie\'s husband returns home to a family happy to see him, and Salman disappears.'] ['The film begins with Bobby finding a winning lottery ticket, that Mike  insists must be returned to its rightful owner. Mike invites people over to his house to determine the rightful owner by posting an add in the newspaper stating "lost & found winning lottery ticket for 67 million dollars." Naturally many people showed up but the original owner had written something on the back of the ticket giving Mr. Brady a way to tell who was telling the truth. With no one being able to come up with the phrase written, Mr. Brady starts to think of another way, and just as he says he doesn\'t know what to do, a local female news caster walks in, and Mr. Brady sees it as a way to reach more people. Multiple cut scenes ensue showing stations talking about the Bradys trying to find the original owner, while also showing a broadcast talking about the vice president resigning to work for the company Fox, where he\'ll make six times the amount he was making, in the background it shows the actual owner walking to his death by execution -this is implied by the man being in chains, escorted by law enforcement dressed people, and a clergy man speaking to him, while the man shouts, "Wait, I\'m the real owner, I\'m rich, take your hands off me." With not being able to find the original owner Mr. Brady donates the money to "homeless architects and their families", which garners the attention of the president. The president then invites him to a press conference where the president is asked about his dealings with an oil drilling company abusing the environment, the president responds by saying he has never heard of the company, has not dealt with them, nor has he been to the site, where he then states, "This is the truth or I shall resign my presidency." The press then goes on to ask if he has picked a new running mate for the upcoming election, and with the light of ongoing scandals can he find an honest man of high integrity. Carol, Mike Brady\'s wife, shouts out why not Mike, where then the press shouts, "Yeah, why not Mike," and the president says, "Why not Mike Brady." It then cuts to a news station stating that the incumbent president and Mike Brady have won the election -with Mike Brady the vice president- due to boy scouts, disco music lovers, and polyester enthusiasts. The next scene in which the incumbent president and Mike are to be sworn in, a confidential document folder is passed to the incumbent president. The folder contains a picture of the incumbent president at the drilling site, with -what is inferred- the oil company\'s top executives, the president remembering his promise then walks out before being sworn in, thereby making Mike Brady president. Mike Brady then needs to select a new vice president, which he decides it should be his wife. He goes before congress asking for a vote, where the speaker of the house says, "You cannot just call for a vote, the vice president has very real responsibilities and cannot vote unless he sees something to prove she can do it." Carol then breaks out in song along with the rest of the family, convincing congress to vote for her. As Mike Brady is walking to the oval office different departments come to him with negative scores asking for more money or negligible increases asking for money, with which he replies, "Not good enough" including when his youngest daughter asks for him to sign her report card, although approving the congress\'s new budget plan. Veronica, the liaison to the American public pulls the speaker of the house into a separate room, saying, "Can you believe him, he just approved your budget, he\'s not taking any credit, and he\'s of to much integrity, how did he get to the highest office, you should be president." A side plot is Peter breaking a priceless Ming vase, and trying to get out of it by gluing it back together. Peter really wants to go to a camp, but feels if he tells the truth he won\'t be able to go. The vase is used during a diner party with dignitaries across the world, but ends up leaking all over them. Peter\'s siblings come up with the plan of all of them confessing, hoping to fool/confuse Mike Brady into not knowing who actually broke it. Mike thinking about it logically though realized Peter was the only one not to confess thereby showing his own guilt. Mike coming up with the consequence of punishing the other children forcing Peter into a guilt trip to confess his own guilt, ultimately succeeding. Veronica, Greg\'s crush is later to be found as an agent of an elitist organization who\'s mission is seizing power for herself and the speaker of the house. They both devise a plan to ruin the presidents image, and therefore presidency The first plan consisting of Veronica seducing Greg into divulging crude or malevolent information, on Mike or the family, fails, but the youngest daughter does give information regarding a questionable relationship between Mike Brady and a woman from his past; Carol is accused of rebellious behavior from protesting to keep a park; Marcia is accused of being promiscuous because of a fictional erotic encounter with Desi Arnaz Jr. written in her diary; Greg accused of under age smoking because of a cigaret container found in his coat, he had switched with another boy; Peter accused of bribery for getting a better grade after calling his teacher great; Jan accused of cheating for getting a better grade on an essay than she was supposed to; and Alice accused of drugging the food so the Bradys stay happy all the time. Although this plan garners significant news coverage its is by no means to impeach a president, in which they devise a second plan in order to seize power. The second plan is to trick the president into addressing the public that a world ending asteroid is about to hit earth. They succeed by switching a report from NASA regarding data from the Trailblazer 1 space probe -a fictional space probe- with Peter\'s science project about the asteroid that hit earth causing the largest scale extinction on earth. This plan also succeeds and Mike address the public telling them he received a report from NASA that confirms a massive meteor is on an intersect course and will cause global devastation. The Bradys are then transported to a secret bunker underneath the White House that will protect them from the ensuing danger. The Speaker of the House then seizes the opportunity by to take power by calling an official press conference as acting president and saying, "There is no danger, or emergency. The president is incompetent, and couldn\'t tell the difference between a high school science project, and a sophisticated aeronautical diagram." Then asks the public to ask for an impeachment of the president. Meanwhile the Bradys find out from the Cindy -the youngest daughter- that she overheard the Speaker of the House and Veronica taking about their plan while underneath a table in the room Veronica pulled the Speaker of the House into. Mike realizes what happened and breaks out of the vault just as the Speaker of the House is encouraging the public to call for vote. Mike then asks Cindy to tell the press what she heard the Speaker of the House say, to which she somehow tells the story of her seeing the Speaker of the House switching the homework and the report. Mike then address the public saying they deserve to know the truth, and goes on to start telling the story of the lottery ticket and how he got to be president.'] ["Child psychologist Samuel Faulkner's  ideal romance with ballet teacher Rebecca Taylor  is turned upside-down when Rebecca gets pregnant. His fears mount due to his encounters with overbearing couple Marty ([[Tom Arnold  & Gail  and their unruly daughters, as well as the confusing advice he gets from his perpetually single artist friend . Too uninvolved with Rebecca's needs, Samuel parts company with her and takes a last stab at playing the field, but when he sees an ultrasound of his soon-to-be-born son, he decides that it's time to take responsibility before it's too late. Robin Williams, as Rebecca's Russian OB-GYN, adds much of the comic relief in the film."] 