['A group of English schoolchildren, living in the midst of a war, are evacuated from England. Their airliner is shot down by briefly glimpsed fighter planes, and ditches near a remote island. The main character Ralph is seen walking through a tropical forest. He meets an intelligent and chubby boy, who reveals his school nickname was Piggy, but asks that Ralph not repeat that. The two go to the beach where they find a conch shell which Ralph blows to rally the other survivors. As they emerge from the jungle it becomes clear that only school pupils have escaped the crash. Singing is heard and a small column of school choir boys, wearing dark cloaks and hats, appears walking in pairs, led by a boy named Jack. The boys decide to appoint a chief. The vote goes to Ralph, and not Jack. Initially Ralph is able to steer the children  towards a reasonably civilised and co-operative society. Only boys holding the conch are allowed to speak during meetings. The choir boys make wooden spears, further reinforcing their appearance as an army within the group. Critically Jack has a knife, capable of killing an animal. The boys build shelters and start a fire using Piggy\'s glasses. With no rescue in sight, the increasingly authoritarian and violence-prone Jack starts hunting and eventually finds a pig. Meanwhile, the fire, for which he and his "hunters" are responsible, goes out, keeping them hidden from a passing airplane. Piggy chastises Jack, and Jack strikes him in retaliation, knocking his glasses off, and breaking one lens on the rocks. Ralph is furious with Jack. Soon some of the children begin to talk of a beast that comes from the water. Jack, obsessed with this imagined threat, leaves the group to start a new tribe, one without rules, where the boys play and hunt all day. Soon, more follow until only a few, including Piggy, are left with Ralph. Events reach a crisis when a boy named Simon finds a sow\'s head impaled on a stick, left by Jack as an offering to the Beast. He becomes hypnotized by the head, which has flies swarming all around it. Simon goes to what he believes to be the nest of the Beast, and finds a dead pilot under a hanging parachute. Simon runs to Jack\'s camp to tell them the truth, only to be killed in the darkness by the frenzied children who mistake him for the Beast. The new group raids the old group\'s camp and steals Piggy\'s glasses. Ralph goes to talk to the new group using the still-present power of the conch to get their attention. However when Piggy takes the conch, they are not silent  but instead jeer. The boys push down a large rock and crush Piggy. Ralph hides in the jungle. Jack and his hunters set fires to smoke him out, and Ralph staggers across the smoke-covered island. Stumbling onto the beach, Ralph falls at the feet of a naval officer who stares in shock at the painted and spear-carrying savages that the children have become, before turning to his accompanying landing party. A small boy reaches up to the officer to check that he is real. The last scene shows Ralph weeping as flames spread across the island.'] ['In the 26th century, humanity has left an overpopulated Earth and moved to a new solar system, colonizing many planets and moons. The Alliance has won a war with the less established planets of outer star systems. A young girl named River Tam is the most promising of a number of young people being mentally and physically conditioned by Alliance scientists. Rescued by her brother Simon, the two find refuge aboard the Firefly-class transport ship Serenity, captained by Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds. An Alliance agent, the Operative, is tasked with neutralizing River, as she has been visited by high Alliance politicians and may have learned certain top secrets due to her psychic abilities. Aboard Serenity, Mal takes River along on a bank robbery against her brother\'s objections. They are attacked by another group of raiders: Reavers, animalistic humans who savagely eat their victims alive. They escape, but Simon decides that he and River will leave Serenity at the next port. While Mal meets fences Fanty and Mingo at a bar, a TV commercial causes River to attack the patrons with superbly effective martial arts. Before she can shoot Mal, Simon arrives and shouts a "safe word" which causes her to fall asleep. Mal carries River back to Serenity, but the incident is captured on camera. The crew contacts a reclusive hacker known as Mr. Universe who analyzes the commercial and discovers a subliminal message being broadcast across Alliance space designed to trigger River. He notes that River whispered "Miranda" before attacking. Mal receives a call from Inara, a former passenger. Suspecting a trap but fearing she is in danger, Mal goes to her and is confronted by the Operative. The Operative offers to let Mal go free if he turns River over, but thanks to Inara\'s quick thinking, she and Mal escape. After another of River\'s outbursts, the crew discover that Miranda is a remote planet thought to have been rendered uninhabitable as the result of a terraforming accident. Serenity returns to Haven, a mining colony and home of Shepherd Book, a former passenger and friend. They discover, however, that the outpost has been destroyed and the residents slaughtered. The Operative has ordered the deaths of all of Mal\'s contacts to deny him a safe haven and promises that he will continue to pursue them until he gets River. The way to Miranda is blocked by a region swarming with Reavers, so Mal disguises Serenity as a Reaver ship. After sailing through a fleet of Reaver vessels, the crew discovers a habitable planet, but only corpses strew its cities. They discover a log recorded by an Alliance survey team explaining that the Alliance administered a chemical designed to suppress aggression in the residents, which worked too well, making them so passive they stopped working, stopped reproducing, and eventually simply laid down and died of dehydration. However, 0.1% of the population instead reacted by becoming hyper-aggressive and unstable, explaining the origin of the Reavers. Mal contacts Mr. Universe to arrange to have the log broadcast to everyone, but the Operative is already there and has Mr. Universe lure them in. Mal knows Serenity is heading into a trap, so he opens fire on one of the Reaver ships. The Reavers pursue Serenity to Mr. Universe\'s planet where they engage the waiting Alliance fleet. The Operative\'s ship is destroyed, but he survives in an escape pod. Serenity is damaged by a pursuing Reaver ship, but manages to crash land. Pilot Wash is killed by the Reavers. Finding Mr. Universe dead and his equipment wrecked, Mal learns of a secret backup transmitter from a message recorded by the dying Mr. Universe. The crew makes a stand against the Reavers to buy Mal the time to send the message. After a firefight, the crew retreat behind a set of blast doors, but the doors only partially close. Zoe and Kaylee are wounded. Simon discovers he has left his medical kit behind; as he rises to retrieve it, he is shot. He apologizes to River for failing her. She replies that it is her turn to take care of him. She charges through the opening in the blast doors, triggers the closing mechanism and throws the medical kit to Simon before the Reavers drag her away. Mal reaches the transmitter, but The Operative is close behind. In hand-to-hand combat, Mal manages to disable his opponent and bind him to a railing, forcing him to watch the recording. Mal returns to his crew. The blast doors open to reveal that River has dispatched all of the Reavers. The wall behind her explodes, and Alliance troops rush in. The Operative, realizing he has been lied to by the government, orders his men to stand down. After the crew erect memorials to their dead friends on Mr. Universe\'s moon, they patch up Serenity. Kaylee and Simon consummate their relationship. The disillusioned Operative tells Mal that the Alliance government has been weakened and that he will try his best to present his former foe in the best light, but cannot guarantee that others will not be sent after Mal and his crew. Serenity lifts off with River as Mal\'s new copilot.'] ["James Cole  is a convicted criminal living in a grim post-apocalyptic future. In 1996–97, the Earth's surface was contaminated by a virus so deadly that it forced the surviving population to live underground. At some point in the years that followed, scientists have engineered an imprecise form of time travel. To earn a pardon, Cole allows scientists to send him on dangerous missions to the past to collect information on the virus, thought to be released by a terrorist organization known as the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. If possible, he is to obtain a pure sample of the original virus so a cure can be made. Throughout the film, Cole is troubled with recurring dreams involving a chase and a shooting in an airport. On Cole's first trip, he arrives in Baltimore in 1990, not 1996 as planned. He is arrested and hospitalized in a mental institution on the diagnosis of Dr. Kathryn Railly . There, he encounters Jeffrey Goines , a fellow mental patient with fanatical animal rights and anti-consumerist leanings. Cole tries unsuccessfully to leave a voicemail on a number monitored by the scientists in the future. After a failed escape attempt, Cole is restrained and locked in a cell, but then disappears, returning to the future. Back in his own time, Cole is interviewed by the scientists, who play a distorted voice mail message which gives the location of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys and states that they are responsible for the virus. He is also shown photos of numerous people suspected of being involved with the virus, including Goines. The scientists then send him back to 1996. Cole kidnaps Railly and sets out in search of Goines, learning that he is the founder of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. When confronted, however, Goines denies any involvement with the virus and suggests that wiping out humanity was Cole's idea, originally broached at the asylum in 1990. Cole vanishes again as the police approach. After Cole disappears, Railly begins to doubt her diagnosis of Cole when she finds evidence that he is telling the truth, including a photograph from World War I in which Cole appears. Cole, on the other hand, convinces himself that his future experiences are hallucinations, and persuades the scientists to send him back again. Railly attempts to settle the question of Cole's sanity by leaving a voice mail on the number he provided, creating the message the scientists played prior to his second mission. They both now realize that the coming plague is real, and make plans to enjoy the time they have left. On their way to the airport, they learn that the Army of the Twelve Monkeys is a red herring; all the Army has done is delay traffic by releasing all the animals in the zoo. At the airport, Cole leaves a last message telling the scientists they are on the wrong track following the Army of the Twelve Monkeys, and that he will not return. He is soon confronted by Jose , an acquaintance from his own time, who gives Cole a handgun and instructions to complete his mission. At the same time, Railly spots the true culprit behind the virus: Dr. Peters ([[David Morse , an assistant at the virology lab run by Jeffrey's father. Peters is about to embark on a tour of several cities around the world, which matches the sequence  of viral outbreaks. After forcing his way through the security checkpoint in pursuit of Peters, Cole is fatally shot by police. As Cole dies in Railly's arms, she makes eye contact with a small boy: the young James Cole witnessing the scene of his own death, which will replay in his dreams for years to come. Dr. Peters, aboard the plane with the virus, sits down next to Jones , one of the lead scientists from the future."] ['In the year 2019, after a nuclear war, humanity is reduced to a few starving groups. A ruthless gang called "The Templars" constantly raid settlers in an attempt to exterminate everyone in order to purge the Earth. A former Templar, Scorpion, along with his allies, prevents a small band of religious colonists from being massacred by the Templars.http://www.post-apocalypse.co.uk/barbarians.html'] ['The film takes place in what has been described as the Rawlsian2081 - About the Film Finallyequal.com retrieved 2008-08-19 Following closely with Vonnegut\'s original story, 2081 begins with George and Hazel Bergeron — parents of the exceptionally strong, intelligent, handsome Harrison Bergeron — sitting in their living room, watching the ballet on television. George carries many "handicaps", wearing an earpiece and heavy weights to counteract his intelligence and strength, respectively. Hazel, being perfectly average and capable of only carrying thoughts in "short bursts", wears none. Six years prior, Harrison was taken in a raid on their home by a SWAT team from the office of the Handicapper General. Sitting in his sofa, George tries to think about the event, but can\'t quite bring himself to recall exactly what happened in between the painful intermittent bursts sent through his earpiece. He continues to watch the ballet instead. The ballet is interrupted by a government news report being read by a news anchor with a severe speech impediment about the escaped fugitive Harrison Bergeron. George watches the report with a hint of interest. The report concludes and returns to the regularly scheduled ballet, featuring delicate ballerinas heavily weighed down to ensure that they are only as graceful as the average person. Just then, loud stomps can be heard approaching the stage, as the ballerinas cower in terror. Harrison Bergeron marches down the aisle and leaps onto the stage with a heavy thud, almost unhindered by the weight of his massive handicaps. In a deviation from Vonnegut\'s story, he begins his address to the audience in the theater and those watching at home by claiming to have a bomb under the stage, the detonator to which he holds in his hand. The audience listens to his address in shock as he peels of his handicaps and chooses a volunteer ballerina to do the same. He takes her hand, and for a few brief moments, the two dance, unhindered, as the audience watches, mystified by the pair\'s unbridled grace and elegance. The enforcers of the Handicapper General, keen to keep this display under wraps, surround the theater and quickly cut the video feed to the television audience as the Handicapper General herself marches down the aisle with a shotgun. On cue, Harrison pushes the button of his "detonator", which rather than detonating the dummy bomb under the stage, sends a signal to a device that overrides the video block, reminiscent of John Galt’s broadcast in Ayn Rand’s Atlas Shrugged.<ref nameCline|first"2081": Philosophy in Motion|url30 July 2012}} He looks into the camera with a proud but slightly somber grin. George smiles back at the television. Unaware that the video feed is again being broadcasted, the Handicapper General fires the shotgun, killing Harrison and his ballerina. The SWAT team leader, having been unable to stop her before she fired, informs her of their mistake. In surprise and embarrassment, she looks around in realization that this gruesome, atrocious act of oppression has been broadcasted for all to see. George stares heartbrokenly into the television as the signal is again blocked, until his train of thought is again broken by the screeching of his headset; true to Vonnegut\'s telling of the story, the gravity of the moment is lost on them, and they slip back into normalcy.'] ['David  and his sister Jennifer  lead different high-school social lives. Jennifer is shallow and extroverted, David introverted and spending most of his time watching television. One evening while their mother  is away, they fight over the TV; Jennifer wants a concert, David wants to watch a marathon of Pleasantville, a black and white 1958 sitcom about the idyllic Parker family. During the fight, the remote control breaks and the TV cannot be turned on manually. A mysterious TV repairman  shows up, quizzes David about Pleasantville, then gives him a strange remote control. The repairman leaves, and David and Jennifer resume fighting. However, they are somehow transported into the Parkers\' black and white Pleasantville living room. David tries to reason with the repairman  but succeeds only in chasing him away. David and Jennifer must now pretend they are Bud and Mary Sue Parker, the son and daughter on the show. David and Jennifer witness the wholesome nature of the town, such as a group of firemen rescuing a cat from a tree. David tells Jennifer they must stay in character and not disrupt the lives of the town\'s citizens, who do not notice any difference between Bud and Mary Sue and David and Jennifer. To keep the show\'s plot, Jennifer dates a boy from high school but has sex with him, a concept unknown to him and everyone else in town. Slowly, Pleasantville begins changing from black and white to color, including flowers and the faces of people who have experienced bursts of emotion. David becomes friends with Mr. Johnson , owner of the soda fountain, and introduces him to colorful modern art via a book from the library, sparking in him an interest in painting. Johnson and Betty Parker  fall in love, causing her to leave home, throwing George Parker , Bud and Mary Sue\'s father, into confusion. The only people who remain unchanged are the town fathers, led by the mayor, Big Bob , who sees the changes eating at the values of Pleasantville. They resolve to do something about their increasingly independent wives and rebellious children. As the townsfolk become more colorful, a ban on "colored" people is initiated in public venues. Eventually a riot is touched off by a nude painting of Betty on the window of Mr. Johnson’s soda fountain. The soda fountain is destroyed, books are burned, and people who are "colored" are harassed in the street. As a reaction, the town fathers announce rules preventing people from visiting the library, playing loud music, or using paint other than black, white, or gray. In protest, David and Mr. Johnson paint a colorful mural on a brick wall, depicting their world, but are arrested. Brought to trial in front of the town, David and Mr. Johnson defend their actions, arousing enough anger and indignation in Big Bob that the mayor becomes colored as well. Having seen Pleasantville chang irrevocably, Jennifer stays to finish her education, but David uses the remote control to return to the real world.'] [' In a post-apocalyptic setting, following a global war and the collapse of civilization after the Earth\'s oil supplies were nearly exhausted, barbaric anarchy has become the world\'s everyday law. Max Rockatansky, traumatised by the death of his family, roams the desert in a scarred, black supercharged V-8 Pursuit Special, scavenging for food and petrol. His only companions are an Australian Cattle Dog, and a rare functioning firearm – a sawn-off shotgun – for which ammunition is very scarce. After driving off a gang of marauders led by the unhinged biker warrior Wez, Max collects the petrol from one of their wrecked vehicles and moves on to check a nearby autogyro for fuel. The autogyro is boobytrapped, but Max overpowers the pilot hiding nearby; in exchange for his own life, the pilot tells Max about a small oil refinery nearby in the wasteland. Max arrives just as the marauders, a motley collection of cars and motorbikes, besiege the compound. Their leader, a large, muscular man with a hockey mask over his disfigured face called "The Humungus", tries to convince the settlers to surrender the facility in exchange for safe passage out of his territory. A group of settlers attempt to break out of the compound, but the marauders capture, torture, rape and kill them. Max makes a deal with the remaining survivor, mortally wounded: bring the settler back to the compound in exchange for a tank of petrol. The man dies shortly after Max returns him, and the settlers\' leader reneges on the deal; the settlers are on the verge of killing Max when the marauders return, and Humungus repeats his offer. Max offers another deal to Papagallo: he will retrieve an abandoned Mack semi-truck, capable of hauling the tanker trailer that the settlers use to store the fuel they refine, in exchange for petrol and his freedom. The settlers accept, but keep his car. Max sneaks out, joining forces with the autogyro pilot. Max drives the semi back to the compound, evading Humungus\' men. The settlers want Max to escape with the group, but Max opts to collect his petrol and leave. However, his attempt to break through the siege fails: Wez gives chase in The Humungus\'s nitrous oxide-equipped car and runs Max off of the road, wrecking his Pursuit Special and seriously wounding him. The marauders kill Max\'s dog with a crossbow and attempt to siphon the fuel from the Pursuit Special\'s tanks, but trigger an explosive booby trap that destroys the car. Max is left for dead, but the gyro pilot rescues him and flies him back to the compound. Despite his injuries, Max insists on driving the repaired truck with the fuel tanker. He leaves the compound in the now heavily armored truck, accompanied by a feral child he has befriended, and with several settlers in armored vehicles providing protection. The Humungus and most of his warriors pursue the tanker, leaving the remaining settlers free to flee the compound in a ramshackle caravan. Papagallo and the settlers defending the tanker are killed during the chase, and the gyro captain is shot down. Max and the Feral Kid find themselves alone against the marauders, who continue their pursuit. Wez boards the truck to kill the two, but a head-on collision with Humungus\' car kills both Wez and Humungus. Max loses control of the tanker, and it rolls off the road. As the injured Max carries the Feral Kid from the wrecked tanker, he sees not oil, but sand, leaking from the tank. The truck and its trailer are revealed to be a decoy, allowing the other settlers to escape with the precious fuel in oil drums inside their vehicles. With Papagallo dead, the gyro captain succeeds him as their chief and leads the settlers to the coast, where they establish the "Great Northern Tribe". Max remains alone in the desert, once again becoming a drifter, leaving the Feral Kid  reminiscing about him.'] ['Two cops, R and Noma, hunt down renegade cyborgs. The cyborgs serve a number of duties, ranging from military commandos to "dolls", engineered for companionship. They have a limited 3 year lifespan, although black market technology has been developed to transfer a cyborg\'s artificial intelligence into the brain of a human host. This breakthrough compels R into finding Cyon, an orphaned prostitute, who may serve as the host for the mind of his doll Ria. He has fallen deeply in love with his doll and she has only a few days left to live. Eventually, R must make a decision between leaving the colony with Ria and spend her last days with him on a paradise-like planet or save his friends when a renegade combat cyborg takes over the police headquarters.'] ['Lemmy Caution is a secret agent with the code number of 003 from "the Outlands". Entering Alphaville in his Ford Mustang,{{cite book}} called a Ford Galaxie,{{cite book|titleGilberto|last358|publisher2000|isbn&nbsp;mc²]] and [[Planck postulate|E "Darke_1">{{Harv|Darke|2005|pAlphaville  was originally known as Leonard Nosferatu , but Caution is repeatedly told that Nosferatu no longer exists. The Professor himself talks infrequently, referring only vaguely to his hatred for journalists, and offering Caution the chance to join Alphaville, even going so far as to offer him the opportunity to rule a galaxy. When he refuses Caution\'s enticement to go back to "the outlands", Caution kills him with a pistol shot. Alpha 60 converses with Lemmy Caution several times throughout the film, and its voice is seemingly ever-present in the city, serving as a sort of narrator. Caution eventually destroys or incapacitates it by telling it a riddle that involves something Alpha 60 can not comprehend: poetry . The concept of the individual self has been lost to the collectivized citizens of Alphaville, and this is the key to Caution\'s riddle. At the end, as Paul Misraki\'s musical score reaches its crescendo, Natacha realizes that it is her understanding of herself as an individual with desires that saves her, and destroys Alpha 60. The film ends with her line, "Je vous aime" .'] ['A few survivors have dedicated themselves to preserving and protecting what is left of mankind; among these is former Army Captain John Thomas Garth . Approached by Lapierre , a former comrade now employed by eco-profiteer Anton Reich , Garth is made an offer he cannot refuse. In exchange for his father\'s and other\'s survival, Reich agrees to lead a small team of mercenaries into the impenetrable Vincent estate to "liberate" the priceless works of art that had been stored there. Accompanied by reconnaissance specialist Fernandez , sniper King , and tech genius Ebershaw , Garth must find a way to circumvent Encrypt, the deadly computerized security system surrounding the estate. Other obstacles include the Rook, a killer robot, and Diana , the holographic security chief of the estate.'] ['The plot concerns two feminist groups in New York City, each voicing their concerns to the public by pirate radio. One group, led by an outspoken white lesbian, Isabel , operates "Radio Ragazza". The other group, led by a soft-spoken African-American, Honey , operates "Phoenix Radio". The local community is stimulated into action after a world-traveling political activist, Adelaide Norris , is arrested upon arriving at a New York City airport, and suspiciously dies while in police custody. Also, there is a Women\'s Army led by Hilary Hurst  and advised by Zella  that initially both Honey and Isabel refuse to join. This group, along with Norris and the radio stations, are under investigation by a callous FBI agent . Their progress is tracked by three interns (Becky Johnston, [[Pat Murphy  for a socialist newspaper run by screenwriter Ed Bowes, who go so far they get fired. The story involves several different women coming from different perspectives and attempts to show several examples of how sexism plays out, and how it can be dealt with through direct action. A famous scene is one during which two men are attacking a woman on the street and dozens of women on bicycles with whistles come to chase the men away and comfort the woman. The women in the movie have different ideas about what can and should be done, but all know that it is up to them, because the government will not take care of it. The movie shows women organizing in meetings, doing radio shows, creating art, wheatpasting, putting a condom on a penis, wrapping raw chicken at a processing plant, etc. The film portrays a world rife with violence against women, high female unemployment, and government oppression. The women in the film start to get together to make a bigger impact, by means that some would call terrorism. Ultimately, after both radio stations are suspiciously burned down, Honey and Isabel team up and broadcast "Phoenix Ragazza Radio" from stolen moving vans. They also join the Women\'s Army, which sends a group of terrorists to interrupt a broadcast of the President of the United States proposing that women be paid to do housework, followed by bombing the antenna on top of the World Trade Center to prevent additional such destructive messages from the mainstream.'] ['The film takes place in an isolated desert compound called Clonus, where clones are bred to be used as replacement parts for the elite, including a soon to be president-elect Jeffrey Knight ([[Peter Graves . The clones are kept isolated from the real world by workers of the colony, but are promised to be "accepted" to move to "America" after they have completed some type of physical training. After a group of clones is chosen to go to "America", they are given a party and a farewell celebration with their fellow clones. The chosen clones are then taken to a lab where they are sedated and placed in an airtight plastic bag, and their bodies are frozen in order to preserve their organs for harvest. The story surrounds one clone ([[Tim Donnelly  who begins to question the circumstances of his existence and eventually escapes the colony. Pursued by compound guards, the clone enters a nearby city. He is found by a retired journalist  who takes him to his sponsor, who happens to be the brother of Jeffrey Knight. Knight\'s brother, Richard , and his son , argue over what to do with the clone . Richard\'s son returns the clone to the colony to reunite with his newly developed love interest , only to find a trap waiting for him; the clone is subsequently killed and frozen. Meanwhile, Knight, along with hired thugs of the Clonus project, arrive to interrogate Richard and his son, and both are murdered  as part of Clonus\' cover-up. Knight is seemingly killed in the ensuing struggle with his brother, but reappears the next day at a press conference, where he is stunned to find that the late journalist had managed to disseminate a secret tape to the news media, exposing the Clonus project.'] ['Set in 1944-1945, the story focuses on an apolitical Irish district nurse, Pauline. Following an upsurge in partisan activity in her area, she is forcibly evacuated from her village by the Germans and their collaborators and witnesses an attack on the German forces by a group of British partisans, during which a number of her friends from the village are killed in the crossfire. The attack  later influences her views and decisions. She is evacuated to London, where she reluctantly becomes a collaborator, joining the medical wing of the "Immediate Action Organisation" , a kind of quasi-paramilitary medical corps and is re-trained as an ambulance attendant. Although at first reluctant and intent on remaining apolitical, Pauline begins to show the effects of fascist indoctrination in her behaviour. It is a reunion with old friends  that gives Pauline pause and when she subsequently discovers they are harbouring an injured partisan she reluctantly agrees to help. Gradually Pauline learns more about the impacts of the German occupation and she sees her friends arrested. The discovery of her association with the antifascist couple by her superiors in the IAO leads to her demotion and transfer to another part of the country. She welcomes the move at first, as her new job appears to have less of the paramilitary trappings. However Pauline discovers that she has unwittingly taken part in a forced euthanasia programme and killed a group of foreign forced labourers who had contracted tuberculosis. The film ends with Pauline being arrested after protesting and refusing to continue but before she can be put on trial, she is captured and agrees to work for the British Army as they try to liberate Great Britain with the help of arriving American troops. In the finale, Pauline tends wounded while, out of her view, a large group of soldiers from the Black Prince Regiment of the British Legion Compare British Free Corps - the only actual nominally British unit that fought for the axis in WWII of the Waffen SS who had surrendered are shot. This is reminiscent of an SS massacre of civilians earlier in the film showing the partisans to be as ruthless as the Germans.'] ['In 2084, Douglas Quaid  is a construction worker on Earth, who is having troubling dreams about Mars and a mysterious woman there. His wife Lori  is dismissive, pointing out how life on Earth is perfect compared to the ongoing conflicts between rival factions on colonized Mars, in part due to actions by the governor of Mars, Vilos Cohaagen , with rumors that an alien artifact has been located in the mines on the planet. Despite warnings from his co-workers, Quaid visits "Rekall", a company that uses memory implants to give its clients experiences of fabulous vacations. Quaid opts for a trip to Mars  including an optional espionage facet. As he is put under but before the technicians can implant the memories, Quaid violently reacts, claiming they have blown his cover. The company re-sedates him, wipes his memory of the visit to Rekall, and sends him home in an automated taxi. Waking up at home, Quaid is soon cornered and attacked by his coworkers, forcing him to kill them to escape. Lori also turns against Quaid, claiming that their marriage is a fake created by memory implants. Quaid leaves her and escapes into the city before armed thugs arrive, led by Richter , Lori\'s real husband and Cohaagen\'s subordinate. Quaid is contacted by an unknown man that warns him he is being tracked, and leaves him with a suitcase. Quaid takes refuge in an abandoned building and investigates the suitcase, which contains money, gadgets, and a video. The video is of himself, apparently called "Hauser"; Hauser explains that he used to work for Cohaagen but has learned something about the artifact, and underwent the memory wipe to protect himself. The video instructs Quaid on removing the tracking device, and then to get himself to Mars and meet "Kuato". Quaid makes his way to Mars and follows clues left by Hauser to a bar in Venusville, the colony\'s red light district populated by a number of people who are mutants due to poor shielding from radiation. There, he meets Melina , the woman from his dreams and Hauser\'s former lover. She refuses to have anything to do with him, believing that Quaid is still working for Cohaagen. Returning to his pad, Quaid encounters Lori and Rekall\'s President, Dr. Edgemar. Edgemar insists Quaid is living out the implanted memories, and offers Quaid a pill that would wake him from the dream. Quaid is about to take the pill when he sees Edgemar sweating in fear, and kills him instead. Richter\'s forces capture Quaid, but Melina arrives to rescue him, with Quaid killing Lori in the process. The two race back to the Venusville bar, and with Benny, their taxi driver, escape into tunnels hidden behind the bar. Unable to locate Quaid, Cohaagen isolates and shuts down the ventilation to Venusville, slowly suffocating its citizens. Quaid, Melina, and Benny are taken to a resistance base, and Quaid is introduced to Kuato, a deformed humanoid conjoined to his brother\'s stomach. Kuato reads Quaid\'s mind and learns that the artifact is a reactor that, once activated, will create a breathable atmosphere for Mars. Suddenly, Cohaagen\'s forces burst in, led there by Benny, and kill most of the resistance, including Kuato; Kuato, in his final words, instructs Quaid to start the reactor. Quaid and Melina are taken to Cohaagen. Cohaagen shows them another video of Hauser, who reveals the Quaid persona was a ploy to infiltrate the mutants and lead Cohaagen to Kuato, thereby wiping out the resistance. Cohaagen orders Hauser\'s memory to be reimplanted in Quaid and Melina to be programmed to be Hauser\'s slave, but Quaid and Melina escape, making their way into the mines where the alien reactor is located. They work their way to the control room of the reactor, killing Benny, Richter, and the rest of his men along the way. Cohaagen confronts them in the control room, insisting that turning on the artifact will kill them all. Quaid tries to dispose of a bomb Cohaagen has planted, accidentally blowing out one of the walls of the control room and exposing them to the vacuum of the Martian atmosphere. Cohaagen is pulled into the Martian atmosphere and dies from choking and decompression. Quaid and Melina are also pulled out, but not before starting the reactor. As Kuato predicted, the reactor releases a massive plume of air that covers the surface of Mars, saving Quaid and Melina in time, and bursting the windows of Venusville, saving its population. As humans walk onto the surface of the planet in its new atmosphere , Quaid takes a moment to wonder if he is still living the memory before turning to kiss Melina.'] ['In the 21st century, most of the world has been reduced to a radioactive wasteland. People exist in industrialized slums kept running on outdated and decaying computer technology. A nomad zone tripper,  comes across the remains of a robot buried in the sand. He collects the pieces and takes them to junk dealer Alvy , who is talking with \'Hard Mo\' Baxter , a soldier in the corps returning home from duty on December 24th during the Christmas cease-fire, and his friend, Shades . Seeing the robot parts, Moses asks the nomad where he found them, to which he repiles, "...Glass Flats, Dune Sea—I go all over." Mo strikes a deal with the nomad to buy them, hoping that they could be a Christmas present for his blow-torch metal sculptor and painter artist girlfriend, Jill Berkowski , a recluse who never leaves her apartment. Moses and Shades head back to the apartment building amidst news of a new government initiative to enforce sterilizations to reduce overpopulation; Moses and Jill had intended to start a family but are reluctant to do so due to post-atomic genetic mutation. After Moses falls asleep in Jill\'s apartment, Jill awakes and takes the skull and other parts of the robot while using a cardboard box full of plastic baby-dolls that Shades found on the steets, and begins blow torch welding them into a scultpture under the dim light of an LED decibel display of a sound stereo\'s graphic equalizer. Later that night, Moses is vid-phoned by Alvy, who researched the robot parts that Moses purchased. They turn out to be components of a new government project called the M.A.R.K.-13, labeled as a CLASS/TYPE A-DELIVERER—capable of independent intelligence, self repair, and the ability to recharge itself using any available electric source, the type was halted because of a defect in its moisture insulation system. Alvy tells Moses, excited by their find. Before leaving, Moses, struck by the familiarity of the phrase "Mark 13," consults his Bible, and discovers that the passage contains the phrase, "no flesh shall be spared" . He becomes suspicious that the acronym is an inspiration to the android\'s name in a government plot of human genocide. Before Moses can make it to Alvy\'s, a piece of the robot at Alvy\'s shop reactivates and kills him by injecting him with a cytotoxin that causes hallucinations and brief euphoria before death. Moses finds the body and after consulting Alvy\'s notes on the robot, calls Shades to help him rescue Jill. Meanwhile, Shades, whose apartment is covered in Eastern objects, has fallen into a drug-induced Kundalini syndrome and is unable to answer his vid-phone. Back at the apartment, the robot has reassembled itself using pieces of Jill\'s metal sculptures, recharging off of the apartment\'s computer network. It tries to kill Jill, but she manages to trap it in a room. Lincoln Wineberg , a peeping tom who has been spying on Jill, sees the device close the blinds in her apartment, stopping him from spying. He goes over to check on her, insisting she reopen the blinds, but she denies doing it and realizes someone or something is in the apartment. When Wineberg re-opens the blinds, he is killed by the M.A.R.K.-13 which closed them to keep its actions covert, knowing he was spying. Jill manages to damage the robot before Moses and Shades arrive with the apartment\'s security team. The men open fire on the machine, apparently destroying it. Jill is suddenly thrown out of the high-rise\'s window by the still-mobile M.A.R.K.-13, and falls into an apartment on a lower story. While everyone else goes to Jill\'s rescue, Moses struggles with the robot. He manages to cripple it, but is injected with the cytotoxin. As he dies, Moses recounts the machine\'s manufacturing defect. Jill wakes up and heads back upstairs to rescue Moses. The robot uses a hacked automatic door to cut a security guard in half, and the dying man kills his partner with friendly fire. As the robot recharges itself on the building\'s mainframe, Jill hacks into its CPU, accessing its memory bank, and hearing a recording of Moses\' dying words. Realizing the machine\'s weakness, Jill lures the robot to the bathroom, where she is thrown through the shower door. Shades arrives and shoots the machine in the head, giving Jill the opportunity to turn on the shower with the water short-circuiting the M.A.R.K.-13. The next morning, a radio broadcast informs listeners that 800 new jobs are available due to the government\'s having approved mass-manufacture of the M.A.R.K.-13.{{cite web}}'] [' In September 2012, military virologist Lieutenant Colonel Robert Neville  is the last healthy and immune human in New York City. A genetically-engineered variant of the measles virus created by Dr. Alice Krippin , meant as a cure for cancer, had mutated into a lethal strain. It spread throughout the world, killing 90% of humanity. Most survivors became predatory, vampiric{{cite web}} beingsThe DVD/Blu-Ray subtitles refer to the infected as hemocytes&nbsp;– actually a cell type found in an insect\'s immune system. called "Darkseekers" that emerge after dusk to prey on those immune to the virus. In December 2009, Neville had lost his wife Zoe  and daughter Marley  in a helicopter accident during a chaotic quarantine of Manhattan.  Neville\'s daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus and trips through a decaying Manhattan to collect supplies or hunt for deer. He keeps vigil each day for a response to his recorded AM radio broadcasts, which instruct any survivors to meet him at midday at the South Street Seaport. Neville\'s isolation is broken only by the companionship of his pet German Shepherd Samantha and interaction with mannequins he has set up as patrons of a video store. To test a treatment, Neville sets a snare trap and captures an infected woman. An enraged mutated alpha male attempts to rescue her, but is driven back by the sunlight. In the laboratory in his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home, Neville tries the new serum on the infected woman, seemingly without success. The next day, after finding one of his mannequins moved out in the street in front of Grand Central Terminal, Neville is caught in a snare trap and passes out. He regains consciousness at dusk and frees himself, but a pack of infected dogs attack Neville and Sam. Although Neville and Sam kill the dogs, an infected dog bites Sam during the fight. Neville brings Sam home and attempts to save the dog by injecting a strain of his serum, but it is too late, as Sam starts to mutate, which then forces Neville to kill her. Overwhelmed by grief and rage of the loss of his dog, Neville attacks a group of the infected on the seaport the following night with his SUV. He kills many, but they overwhelm and nearly kill him before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans, a woman named Anna  and a boy named Ethan , who followed his radio broadcasts. Anna and Ethan take him back to his home. Anna explains that they are making their way to a survivors\' camp in Bethel, Vermont. Neville does not believe that such a camp exists and expresses doubt when Anna says that God told her about it. The following night, the alpha male leads an infected mob in an attack on Neville\'s house. Anna, who was unaware of Neville\'s precautions in covering his scent outside the house, inadvertently allowed the infected to follow their trail. As the infected charge the house, Neville stops the first wave with claymore mines, but finds himself defenseless against the second wave. As Neville tries to find Anna and Ethan, an infected enters and attacks him. The infected retreats upstairs and begins tearing a hole in the roof so others can get in. After Neville saves Anna and Ethan, they retreat into the laboratory. They seal themselves in a reinforced plexiglass room with the infected woman, and discover that Neville\'s treatment is working; the subject looks much more human. The infected break in and the alpha male begins to throw himself against the plexiglass, cracking it. Neville draws a vial of the infected woman\'s blood and gives it to Anna before shutting them inside a coal chute in the back of the lab. He detonates an M67 grenade to destroy the attackers at the cost of his own life. Anna and Ethan arrive at the survivors\' colony, where Anna hands over the antidote. Anna later states that the survivors are Neville\'s legacy, as his fight for a cure became legend.'] ['Young lovers Ruth Beckett  and Jimmy Kemp  decide to marry due to an unplanned pregnancy. As they and their families are introduced into the plot, news reports over the course of several weeks indicate that the Soviet Union has invaded Iran following a coup, and that the United States military, with British support, has intervened. As the situation escalates and events transpire, Sheffield City Council is directed by the Home Office to assemble an emergency operations team, which establishes itself in a makeshift bomb shelter in the basement of the Town Hall. The crisis deepens as the Soviets use a nuclear warhead, delivered by a surface-to-air missile, to destroy incoming American B-52 bombers attacking a Soviet-occupied airbase in Mashhad. The Americans respond by detonating a battlefield nuclear weapon at the airbase. Hostilities temporarily cease. Britain is gripped by fear: as supplies and food run low, some retailers resort to profiteering, with looting and rioting erupting. "Known subversives"  are arrested and interned under the Emergency Powers Act. At 8:30am  on 26 May, Attack Warning Red is transmitted, sending the emergency operations team into frantic action. The city\'s air raid sirens sound, and Sheffield erupts into panic, prompting Jimmy and his workmate Bob to take cover under their van. A warhead detonates over the North Sea, creating an electromagnetic pulse that disrupts power and communications over the region. Minutes later the first salvo of Soviet nuclear weapons strikes NATO targets in Western Europe, including RAF Finningley {{convert}} from Sheffield. The flash and mushroom cloud cause panic. People caught in the open are injured by flying debris as the blast blows out windows across the city. As the blast wave passes, Jimmy and Bob clamber out and Jimmy runs to his car, shouting that he is going to try to reach Ruth, but the car will not start so he sets off on foot through the chaos. He is never seen again. The Becketts hurry to their basement while the Kemps  desperately rush to finish a shelter they were preparing out of mattresses, bags and doors. Jimmy\'s younger sister, Alison, was sent to the shops minutes before the attack Mrs. Kemp is seen shielding her youngest son, Michael, as a blast blows in the front windows of the house. Minutes later, Michael is seen crying in the aviary. He is still there when a larger nuclear warhead detonates directly over Sheffield. As the exchange escalates, strategic targets including steel and chemical factories in the Midlands are attacked with nuclear weapons, instantly vaporising thousands of people and ravaging everything with fire. The worldwide nuclear exchange is 3000 megatons, with 210 megatons falling on the United Kingdom. Two-thirds of all homes are destroyed by blast or fire and immediate deaths are between 17 and 30 million. Nuclear fallout keeps rescuers from fighting fires or rescuing those trapped in the debris. A montage of a firestorm shows milk bottles melting, animals writhing amid the flames and human corpses burning. The staff in Sheffield emergency operations team are alive  but they are trapped beneath the rubble of the Town Hall. Initially, they are able to contact what remains of local fire and police services by radio. It is not possible for rescue teams to reach them, since radiation levels are too high and all approaches are blocked. Within hours, fallout from a groundburst at Crewe begins descending upon Sheffield. As their severely damaged home offers little protection, the Kemps suffer from radiation sickness, and Mrs. Kemp is also severely burned . A day after the attack, they stumble outside to search for Michael, looking in horror at the devastation and fires around them. They find Michael, dead, under a pile of wreckage in the front garden. The Becketts are better protected in their cellar, but Ruth\'s grandmother  dies. After helping to move her body to the front room, Ruth leaves the cellar and wanders through the devastated city. Little has been left standing and corpses are everywhere along with dazed, traumatised and injured survivors. Eventually, she arrives at a hospital in Buxton, 20 miles from Sheffield. There is no electricity, no running water and no sanitation, and drugs and medical supplies have long since run out. Crowds of people await treatment, with floors are covered with blood, pillowcases being torn up into makeshift bandages and injured limbs being amputated without anaesthetic. The narrator points out that the entire peacetime resources of the National Health Service, had they survived, would be unable to cope with the casualties from just the one bomb that hit Sheffield. In the aftermath of a full-scale nuclear attack, "as a source of help or comfort he [a doctor] is little better equipped than the nearest survivor." When Ruth returns to Sheffield, she goes first to the Kemps\' house and finds Mrs. Kemp\'s body in their shelter. She then returns to her own home, where her grandmother\'s body is decaying under a blanket. The cellar is full of flies and vermin and she realises her parents, if they are there, must be dead. In fact, as a previous scene has shown, they have been murdered by looters, one of whom is himself shot by soldiers who chance upon the gang leaving the house. By this time order has dissolved and "starving mobs" are seeking food in many places around the city. Looters, including Alison Kemp, are shown being held behind wire. Mr. Kemp is among a rioting crowd at a food storage depot who are dispersed by tear gas and gunfire. He dies some time later from radiation sickness. One month after the attack, soldiers dig into the town hall basement and find the bodies of the emergency operations staff, who have all died of suffocation. No efforts are made to bury the dead as the surviving population is too weak for manual labour. Burning the bodies is considered a waste of what little fuel remains and so millions are left unburied, which leads to the outbreak of diseases such as cholera and typhoid. The government authorises the use of capital punishment and special courts are given wide-ranging powers to shoot prisoners. As money no longer has any value the only viable currency is food, given as a reward for work or withheld as punishment. Workers who die slightly increase the average daily food rations to the survivors. Due to the millions of tons of soot, smoke and dust that have been blown into the upper atmosphere by the explosions, a nuclear winter develops. Ruth is later working on a farm, having defied official advice and fled the city, eventually giving birth alone in a farm out-building to her daughter, Jane. With nobody to help, Ruth is forced to cut the umbilical cord with her teeth. A year after the war, sunlight begins to return but food production is poor due to the lack of proper equipment, fertilisers and fuel. Damage to the ozone layer also means this sunlight is heavy with ultraviolet radiation. Cataracts and cancer are much more common. The remaining survivors are weakened from illness and hunger. A few years on, Britain\'s population falls to medieval levels, around 4 to 11 million people. The country has managed only very little recovery. Survivors, including Ruth and her daughter, work in the fields. Children born since the attacks are educationally stunted and speak a broken form of English. This is due to the effects of radiation, as children born after the attack suffer from mental retardation and/or physical deformities, including Ruth\'s daughter. Prematurely aged  and blind with cataracts, Ruth dies, survived by her 10-year-old daughter Jane .  As shown by screen captures, the country gradually starts to rebuild with limited amounts of coal mining and some mechanisation from traction engines. Three years after Ruth\'s death, Jane and two boys her age are caught stealing food. When they try to escape, one boy is shot dead as they flee. She and the other boy wrestle for the food and they end up having what the script describes as "crude intercourse".Threads and Other Sheffield Plays , Page 234 Months later, she is seen stumbling through the rubble of a city, pregnant and at full-term. She finds a makeshift hospital, which has electricity. The final scene shows Jane giving birth and the play ends just as she is about to scream in horror as she looks upon her baby.Plot outline with screenshots'] ['The survivors of previous Battles Royale, led by Shuya Nanahara, have formed a rebel group called the "Wild Seven". A class of teenagers from {{nihongo}} are kidnapped by the Japanese government. Instead of stereotypically studious Japanese students, these ninth graders are “a ragtag collection of delinquents and losers from all over Japan,” including tough-guy rugby players and punks with dyed hair. More importantly, many are orphans whose parents or family died in bombings by the Wild Seven. After their school bus is diverted to an army base, the students are herded into a cage, surrounded by armed guards, and confronted by their schoolteacher, Riki Takeuchi, who lays down the ground rules of the new Battle Royale game. Wild Seven is hiding out on a deserted island , and instead of being forced to kill each other, as in the old Battle Royale, the students are sent off to war and ordered to attack the terrorist group’s hideout en masse and kill Shuya within 72 hours. Most of the students are not interested in being forced to avenge their families, but are coerced to fight through exploding metal collars, which their captors can detonate by remote control. The teacher shows them a line in the caged class room: those who wish to participate are instructed to cross the line, while those who don\'t will be killed. The students are put into \'pairs\'; if one student dies, then his or her partner will be killed via collar detonation . The students are sent via boats onto the dangerous island base of the Wild Seven, and a number of them are killed when they were bombed, shot or their collar detonated during the journey onto the island, leaving only a cluster alive. Most notably, two of the survivors are the main protagonist Takuma Aoi, and Shiori Kitano, the daughter of Kitano, the "teacher" from the first film who died after being shot by Shuya. Taken into the Wild Seven\'s base, the surviving students\' explosive collars are removed and they are encouraged to help the members of the Wild Seven stop the Battle Royale for good. While most of the survivors agree, Takuma and in particular Shiori remain unconvinced. Shuya sends a video message to the world of their goal to live free. In response to the video and pressure from the U.S. government, the Japanese prime minister takes command of the military present at the Battle Royale headquarters and orders an attack on the island base, with no survivors allowed. Takeuchi is enraged, and is discovered to have the same type of collar on his neck as the students. On Christmas Day, the war between the Wild Seven and the military occurs, with numerous casualties on both sides. Survivors of the base retreat to the mainland via a mine shaft, leaving Shuya, Takuma and Shiori as the only remaining fighters. Takeuchi appears in a rugby uniform, and after a brief and personal exchange, Takeuchi allows the group to flee as he sacrifices himself. Shiori is shot and dies in Shuya\'s arms, seemingly forgiving him for his past crimes. Shuya and Takuma run out to kill the rest of the soldiers. Several months later, Shuya and Takuma rejoin the other survivors, including Noriko Nakagawa, in what appears to be Pakistan or Afghanistan. They have regrouped as friends, and what lies next for them remains open.'] ['In 1983, off-duty policeman Reiden picks up a suspicious couple, Kei and Ai, who claim to be father and daughter but appear to be close in age. Reiden thus becomes involved in a fight between them and the female fighter K2 who is chasing them. Kei draws out his latent ability to the maximum by a Legendary "Trigger" and Ai blows away K2. The night sky splits and strange space is shown. Their enemy is the secret society "Fraud" of para-psionics, which is commanded by Kuu Ragua Lee. Kei, Ai and Reiden meet the assassins whom Fraud sends out one after another.'] ['Fifty years after a nuclear holocaust, open war is forbidden by the surviving nations, which have merged into two opposing super-nations: the American-influenced Western Market and the Russian Confederation. To resolve conflicts, the Market and Confederation hold gladiator-style matches between giant robots, piloted by "robot jox". Market jock Achilles  is supported by robot designer "Doc" Matsumoto  and strategist Tex Conway , the only jock to win all ten of his contract fights. Achilles\' tenth fight is against his bitter rival, the Confederation\'s Alexander . During the battle, Achilles attempts to intercept a wayward projectile launched by Alexander, and his robot collapses on top of the bleachers full of spectators, ending the fight. In a post-match conference, both sides reason that their respective fighter was the victor; however, the referees decide that the match is inconclusive and schedule a rematch. Achilles, shaken by the accident and the deaths of the spectators, insists the fight was his contractual tenth match and retires, much to the disapproval of his fans. The genetically engineered "gen jox" Athena  is chosen to replace Achilles. Concerned that she may not win, Achilles agrees to fight Alexander again, which infuriates Athena. Prior to the final match, Doc confronts Conway after analyzing a "lucky" laser hit from Conway\'s final fight, and correctly deduces that the blast was in fact deliberately aimed and that the match was rigged for Conway to win. He accuses Conway of being a spy who has leaked Market robot information to the Confederation. Conway confesses and murders Doc, unaware that Doc has recorded the conversation. Conway tells Commissioner Jameson  that Doc was the spy, and that he committed suicide upon being outed. On the morning of the fight, Athena sedates and imprisons Achilles in his apartment, forcefully taking his robot to the field. Achilles decides to help her and plays the instructional video Doc had prepared for the new weapons installed in the robot. However, when the video cuts to footage of Conway\'s confession and murdering of Doc, Conway leaps to his death. On the field, Alexander overpowers Athena and Achilles rushes to get her out of the robot\'s cockpit. The referees order Alexander to stop fighting or be disqualified, but Alexander destroys the referees\' float platform and continues the attack. Achilles takes control of the Market robot and ignores Commissioner Jameson\'s instruction to stop the match due to Alexander\'s disqualification. The two jox continue their fight, with both robots eventually being crippled and destroyed. Facing each other without their machines and using wreckage as weapons, they fight in a brutal melee. Achilles convinces Alexander that a match does not necessarily have to end with the death of a jox. Alexander throws down his weapon, and they salute each other with newfound respect.'] ['Harold Gern , a successful businessman from New York who has been in a lot of legal trouble recently, is spending a holiday in Puerto Rico with his attractive wife Evelyn , whom he married "between trials". They are joined by Martin Joyce , Gern\'s friend and lawyer, who has come to discuss legal matters. Not in the mood to talk business, Gern invites him along on a boat trip during which all three try out some newly bought scuba diving equipment. When they resurface they realize to their astonishment that they are unable to breathe without using their oxygen tanks. They climb back into their boat and find Manuel, their servant, dead on board&mdash;asphyxiated. Unable to start the engine, they row ashore. With 40 minutes worth of oxygen left they enter the jungle, where, due to the plants giving off oxygen, they can soon breathe normally again . Gradually it dawns upon the three that they might be the only survivors in the area, maybe in the world. They briefly speculate on what has happened  but try to "keep that kind of talk to a minimum" and mainly concern themselves with becoming self-sufficient, for example by moving to a villa near the beach. The two men teach themselves how to fish&mdash;as only animals that live in the water have survived&mdash;but when they see insects again they realize that they must have survived inside their eggs. Accordingly, they feel that in the long run they will have to move North to a colder climate&mdash;to avoid an insect problem and also problems with food preservation and to increase their chances of meeting other survivors. Very soon the Gerns and Martin Joyce can no longer cope with the triangular situation. Although they still keep up appearances&mdash;Evelyn is still wearing jewelry, and Harold Gern, a tie for their seafood dinners&mdash;Martin points out to Gern that neither the latter\'s marriage certificate nor his money mean anything any more. Evelyn feels attracted to the lawyer, who eventually tells her husband what he really thinks of him . After a short fistfight Martin pretends to be leaving the couple but at the last moment Evelyn hops into the car, and the two lovers drive off. Harold hotwires the other car and follows them. At the harbour another fight between the two men ensues during which Martin is fatally injured. The two survivors are left wondering where they will go or what they will do now.'] ['In 2027, after 18 years of worldwide female infertility, civilisation is on the brink of collapse as humanity faces the grim reality of extinction. For years the United Kingdom, one of the few stable nations with a functioning government, has been deluged by asylum seekers from around the world, fleeing the chaos and war which has taken hold in most countries. In response Britain has become a militarised police state as British forces round up and detain immigrants. Kidnapped by an immigrants rights group known as "The Fishes", former activist turned cynical bureaucrat Theo Faron  is brought to its leader, his estranged American wife Julian Taylor . They separated after their son died from a flu pandemic in 2008. Julian offers Theo money to acquire transit papers for a young refugee named Kee , which Theo obtains from his cousin Nigel , a government minister. However, the bearer must be accompanied, so Theo agrees to escort Kee in exchange for a larger sum. Luke , a Fishes member, drives them and former midwife Miriam  towards the coast to a boat. They are ambushed by an armed gang and Julian is fatally shot. Luke kills two police officers who stop their car and they escape to a safe house. Kee reveals her importance to Theo: she is pregnant. Julian had told her to only trust him, intending to hand Kee to the "Human Project", a supposed scientific group in the Azores dedicated to curing infertility. However, Luke persuades Kee to stay. That night, Theo eavesdrops on a meeting of Luke and other members and discovers that Julian\'s death was orchestrated so the group could use the baby as a political tool to support the coming revolution. Theo wakes Kee and Miriam and they steal a car, escaping to the secluded hideaway of Theo\'s aging hippie friend Jasper Palmer , a former editorial cartoonist. A plan is formulated to board the Human Project ship Tomorrow which will arrive offshore from the Bexhill refugee camp and Jasper proposes getting Syd , a camp guard he knows, to smuggle them in. The Fishes trail the group and Jasper stays behind to stall them, giving the government-issued suicide drug Quietus to his catatonic wife. A horrified Theo witnesses the Fishes kill him before escaping with Miriam and Kee. Later they meet Syd, who transports them to Bexhill as prisoners. When Kee begins having contractions on a bus, Miriam distracts a suspicious guard with mania and is taken away. That night Kee gives birth. The next day Syd informs Theo and Kee that a war between the army and the refugees, including the Fishes, has begun. After seeing the baby Syd threatens to turn them in but they attack him and escape. Amidst the fighting between refugees and British troops, the Fishes capture Kee. Theo tracks her and her baby to an apartment which is under heavy fire from the military and escorts her out. Awed by the presence of a baby, the combatants stop fighting momentarily, enabling them to escape. Marichka leads them to a boat in a sewer, but refuses to join them. Theo rows away, revealing to Kee that he had been shot during the gunfire. As they witness the aerial bombing of Bexhill by the Royal Air Force, Kee tells Theo she will name her baby Dylan after Theo\'s son. Theo loses consciousness and Kee begins to sing a lullaby as the Tomorrow approaches through the fog.'] ['Manor Farm is a former prosperous farm that has fallen on hard times, and suffers under the now ineffective leadership of its drunken and aggressive owner, Mr. Jones. One night, Old Major, the prize boar and the second-oldest on the farm, calls the animals on the farm for a meeting, where he compares the humans to parasites and encourages them to break free from their tyrant\'s influence, while reminding them that they must hold true to their convictions after they have gained freedom. With that, he teaches the animals a revolutionary song, "Beasts of England", before collapsing dead mid-song to the animals\' horror. The next morning, Jones neglects to feed the animals for breakfast, and they decide to break into the storehouse to help themselves. When Jones wakes up and attempts to intimidate them with his whip, the animals revolt and drive the drunken and irresponsible Mr. Jones from the farm, renaming it "Animal Farm". They set to work destroying every trace of Jones\' influence, mainly the weapons used against them. An investigation of the farmhouse leads them to concede against living there, though one of the head pigs, an antagonistic boar named Napoleon, who takes interest in the abandoned house, and even more so in a litter of puppies left motherless. The Seven Commandments of Animalism are written on the wall of a barn to illustrate their community\'s laws. The most important is the seventh, "All animals are equal." All the animals work, but the workhorse, Boxer, and his friend Benjamin, the young donkey and the film\'s protagonist put in extra work. Snowball attempts to teach the animals reading and writing; food is plentiful; and the farm runs smoothly. The pigs elevate themselves to positions of leadership and set aside special food items ostensibly for their personal health. Napoleon takes the pups and trains them privately to be his Goon Squad. When Snowball announces his idea for a windmill, Napoleon opposes it. Snowball makes a speech in favor of the windmill, whereupon Napoleon has his dogs chase Snowball to the fields. In Snowball\'s absence, Napoleon declares himself leader and makes changes. Meetings will no longer be held and instead a committee of pigs will run the farm. Using a cowardly young pig named Squealer as a mouthpiece, Napoleon spurs the animals into setting forth his regime. The animals work harder with the promise of easier lives with the windmill. Napoleon abuses his powers, making life harder for the animals; the pigs impose more control while reserving privileges for themselves. During this time, the pigs also decide to start altering their own laws. "No animal shall sleep in beds" is changed to "No animal shall sleep in beds with sheets" when the pigs are discovered to have been sleeping in the old farmhouse. "No animal shall drink alcohol" is changed to "No animal shall drink alcohol to excess" when the pigs discover the farmer\'s whisky. Before long, Napoleon\'s greed drives him to negotiate with a local trader named Mr. Whymper for a supply of jellies and jams. The price is all the hens\' eggs. When the hens discover this, they attempt to revolt by throwing their eggs at the pigs during an attempted seize by force. To instill fear, Napoleon not only puts the hens at the hands of the pig committee, but also selects a duck and sheep to be false accused of treachery. They are taken outside and murdered by the dogs, with their blood used to edit a commandment regarding killing to being legal "with cause". "Beasts of England" is banned as inappropriate, as according to Napoleon the dream of Animal Farm has been realized. Growing jealous of Whymper\'s financial success due to his trading with Animal Farm, a hostile group of farmers attacks the farm, and Jones, who was denied the chance to rejoin them, uses blasting powder to blow up the windmill with himself inside. Though the animals win the battle, they do so at great cost, as many, including Boxer, are wounded. Boxer continues working harder and harder, until he collapses one night while working on the windmill. Napoleon sends for a van to take Boxer away. Benjamin notices that the van belongs to Mr. Whymper\'s glue factory, and attempts to mount a rescue, but his attempts are futile. Squealer delivers a phony speech, claiming to have been at Boxer\'s side at his deathbed, and his last words being to glorify Napoleon. The hurt animals fully realize that Boxer\'s death was planned simply to promote further loyalty to Napoleon\'s dictatorship, but are sent away by the snarling guard dogs. Years pass, and the pigs now have learned to walk upright and wear clothes. Napoleon now dresses in a suit with medals . The Seven Commandments are reduced to a single phrase: "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." Napoleon holds a dinner party for a delegation of outside pigs, who congratulate Napoleon on having the hardest-working animals in the country on the least feed. Napoleon gives a toast to when pigs own and operate farms everywhere. Benjamin, overhearing the conversation, imagines the faces of the pigs changing into the face of Mr. Jones. Realizing that things have become "worse than ever for ordinary creature", all of the animals unite together to overthrow Napoleon. The film closes with a smashed portrait of Napoleon as he is being overwhelmed and beaten to death "off screen" by the animals.'] ['{{Unreferenced|section|dateDifferences between manga and animeBy A. O. SCOTTPublished: January 25, 2002 |urlFILM REVIEW; Dark Doings Proliferate In a World of Vivid Colors - New York Times |publisher2002-01-25 |accessdateDeleted scene The Japanese release of the film shows a picture after the credits depicting a shop named "Kenichi & Tima Robot Company," with Tima visible in the window. This implies that Kenichi succeeded in rebuilding Tima and they set up the shop together. This picture was included in the English theatrical release and Blu-ray printing, though not on the DVD release.'] ['By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become an totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. Eighteen months later, Ben Richards, a military pilot who was convicted of a massacre  which he actually refused to participate in, escapes from a labor camp with other inmates and flees to a shanty town on the outskirts of Los Angeles. Declining an offer to join a resistance movement, Richards instead seeks shelter at his brother\'s apartment. He finds it is now occupied by Amber Mendez, a composer for ICS, the network that broadcasts The Running Man. Richards attempts to flee to Hawaii with Amber as a hostage, but she alerts airport security and Richards is captured and taken to the ICS studios. Killian coerces him to compete in The Running Man with the threat that if he declines, his two weaker escapee friends&mdash;Laughlin and Weiss&mdash;will be put on the show instead. Richards complies, but as the show begins, Killian reveals that Laughlin and Weiss have been enrolled as runners anyway. Richards and his friends are attacked by the first stalker, "Subzero", but Richards kills him instead using barbed wire as a garrotte. This shocks the audience, as this is the first stalker to ever die on the show. Laughlin and Weiss, both members of the aforementioned resistance movement, seek to exploit their current situation by searching for the network\'s uplink facilities, which they realise are within the game zone. Meanwhile, Amber begins to question the media\'s veracity after watching a falsified news report on Richards\' capture. Amber discovers the truth about the massacre, but she is captured and subsequently sent into the game zone, where she encounters Richards and the others. The runners split up, each pair pursued by a different stalker. Laughlin is mortally wounded by the stalker "Buzzsaw", whom Richards kills with Buzzsaw\'s own chainsaw. Weiss and Amber are successful in locating the uplink system and learning the access codes, but Weiss is electrocuted by the stalker "Dynamo". Amber\'s screams lead Richards to her, and as the two evade the stalker, Dynamo\'s buggy flips, trapping him inside. Richards then stuns the audience by merely pinning Dynamo in the vehicle, proclaiming that he will not kill a helpless man. Amber and Richards return to Laughlin, who reveals that the resistance has a hideout within the game zone before finally dying. Back at the ICS studio, Killian sees Richards\' popularity growing, with viewers betting for Richards to win instead on the stalkers. Off-camera, Killian offers Richards a job as a stalker, which Richards furiously declines. As the next stalker, "Fireball", pursues Amber and Richards into an abandoned factory, Amber inadvertently finds the charred bodies of the previous season\'s "winning"  runners. Fireball attempts to kill Amber, but Richards rescues her and kills Fireball with his own weaponry. Running out of options, a frustrated Killian uses computer-generated imagery to fake the deaths of Richards and Amber in the final match of the episode, a falsified battle against retired stalker "Captain Freedom". In the game zone, Richards and Amber are captured by the resistance and taken to their hideout, where they learn of their "deaths" on the show. Using the access codes provided by Amber, the resistance takes over the ICS satellite. Richards leads the rebels to the ICS studios where they seize the control room, allowing the resistance to broadcast unedited footage of Richards\' part in the Bakersfield massacre. Richards then heads to the main studio floor, shocking the live and at-home audiences who had watched him supposedly die. Amber encounters Dynamo, but she kills him when an errant gunshot sets off the sprinkler system, electrocuting him when the water hits his electrically powered suit. Richards confronts Killian, now shamed and disgraced before those watching and desperately attempting to prove his point by explaining that he had created the show for huge ratings and to appease American viewers\' love for television, action and violence. Ignoring the excuse, Richards sends Killian into the game zone aboard a rocket sled, which flies into a billboard featuring Killian himself and explodes, killing him instantly, much to the delight of the live television audience. The film ends with Richards and Amber sharing a kiss as they walk off the studio.'] ['In the year AD 2293, a post-apocalyptic Earth is inhabited mostly by the Brutals, who are ruled by the Eternals. Eternals use other Brutals, called Exterminators, as the Chosen warrior class. The Exterminators worship the god Zardoz, a huge, flying, hollow stone head. Zardoz teaches: : The gun is good. The penis is evil. The penis shoots seeds, and makes new life to poison the Earth with a plague of men, as once it was, but the gun shoots death, and purifies the Earth of the filth of brutals. Go forth&nbsp;... and kill! The Zardoz god head supplies the Exterminators with weapons, while the Exterminators supply it with grain. Zed , an Exterminator, secrets himself within Zardoz for an initially unknown purpose. He shoots and apparently kills its pilot, Arthur Frayn , who has already identified himself as an Eternal in the story\'s prologue. The stone head containing Zed returns to the Vortex, a secluded community of civilized beings, protected all around by an invisible force-field, where the immortal Eternals lead a pleasant but ultimately stifling existence. Arriving in the Vortex, Zed meets two young, attractive female Eternals&nbsp;— Consuella  and May . Overcoming him with psychic powers, they make him a prisoner and menial worker within their community. Consuella wants Zed destroyed immediately; others, led by May and a subversive Eternal named Friend , insist on keeping him alive for further study. In time, Zed learns the nature of the Vortex. The Eternals are overseen and protected from death by the Tabernacle, an artificial intelligence. Given their limitless lifespan, the Eternals have grown bored and corrupt. The needlessness of procreation has rendered the men impotent and meditation has replaced sleep. Others fall into catatonia, forming the social stratum the Eternals have named the "Apathetics". The Eternals spend their days stewarding mankind\'s vast knowledge, baking special bread for themselves from the grain deliveries and participating in communal navel gazing rituals. To give time and life more meaning the Vortex developed complex social rules whose violators are punished with artificial aging. The most extreme offenders are condemned to permanent old age and the status of "Renegades". But any Eternals who somehow manage to die, usually through some fatal accident, are almost immediately reborn into another healthy, synthetically reproduced body that is identical to the one they just lost. Zed is less brutal and far more intelligent than the Eternals think he is. Genetic analysis reveals he is the ultimate result of long-running eugenics experiments devised by Arthur Frayn&nbsp;— the Zardoz god&nbsp;— who controlled the outlands with the Exterminators, thus coercing the Brutals to supply the Vortices with grain. Zardoz\'s aim was to breed a superman who would penetrate the Vortex and save mankind from its hopelessly stagnant status quo. The women\'s analysis of Zed\'s mental images earlier had revealed that in the ruins of the old world Arthur Frayn first encouraged Zed to learn to read, then leading him to the book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Zed finally understands the origin of the name Zardoz&nbsp;— Wizard of Oz&nbsp;— bringing him to a true awareness of Zardoz as a skillful manipulator rather than an actual deity. He becomes infuriated with this realization and decides to plumb the deepest depths of this enormous mystery. As Zed divines the nature of the Vortex and its problems, the Eternals use him to fight their internecine quarrels. Led by Consuella, the Eternals decide to kill Zed and to age Friend. Zed escapes and, aided by May and Friend, absorbs all the Eternals\' knowledge, including that of the Vortex\'s origin, in order to destroy the Tabernacle. Zed helps the Exterminators invade the Vortex and kill most of the Eternals&nbsp;— who welcome death as a release from their eternal but boring existence. Some few Eternals do escape the Vortex\'s destruction, heading out to radically new lives as fellow mortal beings among the Brutals. Zardoz ends in a wordless sequence of images accompanied by the sombre second movement  of Beethoven\'s Seventh Symphony. Zed and Consuella, dressed in matching green suits and having fallen in love, then sit next to each other in the cave-like stone head and age in time-lapse. A baby boy appears, matures and leaves his parents. The couple eventually decompose into skeletons and finally nothing remains in the space but painted hand-prints on the wall and Zed\'s Webley-Fosbery revolver.'] ['In March 1975, biological warfare between the People\'s Republic of China and the Soviet Union kills most of the world\'s population. U.S. Army Col. Robert Neville, M.D. , a scientist based in Los Angeles, California, begins to succumb to the ensuing plague but manages to inject himself with an experimental vaccine just in time, rendering himself immune. Meanwhile, the plague\'s surviving victims in Los Angeles, join together as "The Family," a cult of crazed nocturnal albino mutants who seek to destroy all technology and Neville. Two years later in August 1977, Neville believes he is the plague\'s only survivor. Struggling to maintain his sanity, he spends his days patrolling the deserted city, hunting and destroying members of the Family. At night, living atop a fortified apartment building equipped with an arsenal of weaponry, he is a prisoner in his own home. The Family wants to destroy him, believing him to be a last remnant of the old culture. As Neville takes his time "shopping\' for a new leisure suit, he spots a "living Playtex Doll" mannequin which he chases into the overgrown park. Neville decides he is seeing things and dismisses the human sighting. One day, the Family captures Neville in a wine cellar. After a summary trial he is found guilty of heresy by Jonathan Matthias , a former news anchor who is now leader of the Family. Neville is sentenced to death and nearly burned at the stake in the center of Dodger Stadium. He is rescued by Lisa , the woman he had earlier seen while on patrol, and Dutch , a former medical student familiar with Neville\'s work. Lisa and Dutch are part of a group of survivors, some of whom are young children. Although infected, their youth has given them some resistance to the disease and its symptoms are slow to manifest. Nevertheless, given enough time, they will succumb to mutation. Neville realizes that even if it is possible to duplicate the original vaccine, it would take years to salvage humanity. However, he believes it may be possible to extend his immunity to others by creating a serum from his own blood. Neville, Lisa, and Lisa\'s teenage brother Ritchie  return to the bunker, where the older two begin treating Ritchie. Robert and Lisa become romantic just as the generator runs out of fuel and the lights go off. The Family decides to attack, sending Brother Zachary to climb up the outside of Neville\'s bunker. Neville leaves Lisa upstairs as he goes to the basement garage to restart the generator. Neville returns to the living quarters to find Lisa pointing a sub-machine gun at him as he leaves the elevator. Neville scares Lisa by firing at Brother Zachary who falls out the balcony window to his death. If the serum works, Neville and Lisa plan to leave the ravaged city with the rest of the survivors and start a new life in the wilderness, leaving the Family behind to die. Neville is successful in creating the serum and administers it to Richie, who is on the verge of the advanced mutant stage of the plague. Once cured, Richie  goes to the Family to try to convince them to take the serum. Matthias refuses to believe that Neville would try to help them, accuses Richie of being sent by Neville to harm them and has Richie executed. Neville discovers Richie’s body strung up and left as bait to draw Neville outside after dark. Enraged, Neville fights off the Family after they force his car off the road. Meanwhile, Lisa unexpectedly changes into a nocturnal albino mutant and betrays Neville by giving the Family access to his bunker. Returning home, Neville is confronted by Matthias, who forces him to watch as the Family sets his home on fire. Neville breaks free and, once outside with Lisa, he turns and raises his sub-machine gun to shoot Matthias, who is looking down from the balcony. The gun jams, giving Matthias enough time to hurl a spear at Neville, mortally wounding him. The final scene shows the human survivors, led by Dutch, departing in a Land Rover. They discover a dying Neville lying in a fountain, who hands Dutch a flask of blood serum, presumably with which to restore humanity, shortly after which Neville dies. Dutch takes Lisa and the survivors away as they leave the city for good. The Family is left to die, as Neville had planned.'] ['In 2009, a plague caused by a vampire bat has transformed most of the world\'s human population into vampires. This event formed a world completely dominated by vampires. As vampires are incapable of aging or dying, but are unprotected against the sunlight or any UV lights, the whole vampire world is active at night. Human numbers quickly dwindle and the need for blood becomes desperate, while a global war rages between the surviving humans and vampires. When deprived of blood for extended periods, vampires degenerate into "subsiders," psychotic bat-like creatures. Humans are captured and harvested in laboratory farms while scientists research a synthetic blood substitute to satisfy vampires\' blood hunger. In 2019, Edward Dalton  is the head hematologist for the pharmaceutical company Bromley Marks, the largest supplier of human blood in the United States. Along with fellow hematologist Chris Caruso , Dalton is in the process of developing a substitute to bolster dwindling blood supplies. The need is underscored after Dalton\'s boss, company owner Charles Bromley , reveals that the estimated human population is down to 5%, and national blood supplies will not last more than a month. Faced with this knowledge, Edward and Chris carry out a hasty clinical trial of the latest revision, which is a spectacularly gruesome failure. Dejected, Dalton heads home. On the drive home he becomes momentarily distracted and swerves into oncoming traffic, running another vehicle off the road. When he checks on the occupants of the other vehicle he is shot in the arm by a crossbow shot, and quickly discovers they are humans. With police approaching, Dalton convinces the humans to hide in his vehicle and then tells police that the occupants of the other vehicle fled. The humans then leave, but not before their leader Audrey  learns Edward\'s name and occupation from the ID badge on his jacket. At home, Edward is surprised by his estranged brother Frankie , a soldier in the human-hunting U.S. Army who has returned for Edward\'s birthday. Unfortunately, Frankie\'s gift of a bottle of pure human blood re-ignites a long-standing argument over Edward\'s sympathies towards humans, his refusal to drink human blood, and his resentment towards his younger brother for turning him into a vampire. The argument is cut short when a subsider invades Edwards house, forcing the brothers to team up and kill it. The following morning, Audrey arrives at Edward\'s home, giving him a note with instructions for a meet before departing. After some consideration Dalton goes to the meeting location, and is introduced to Lionel "Elvis" Cornack , another human. Before Elvis can explain himself they are interrupted by Frankie, who followed Edward and intends to capture both Cornack and Audrey. Audrey knocks Frankie unconscious and the three make their escape, fleeing from approaching soldiers in Edward\'s car. Once they escape, Cornack drives to the edge of a river, where he reveals that he was once a vampire, but was cured when a car crash ejected him from his sun-proof vehicle into the river during daylight hours. He asks Dalton to help find a way to recreate the cure safely; Dalton agrees. That night, Ed arrives with Elvis and Audrey at an old vineyard, the last human colony in the world. Ed meets with the other human survivors, as well as Senator Turner , a vampire who secretly helps the colony to find a cure. While a convoy of humans is heading to Audrey\'s group, they are ambushed by vampire soldiers, and captured. One soldier finds a radio and the soldiers track the position of the vineyard, forcing the humans there to flee. Audrey, Elvis and Ed stay behind so Ed can be turned back. After some experimentation, Edward is able to reverse the vampire effect, curing himself. One of the captured convoy inhabitants is Alison , who wakes up in Charles\' office. She is revealed to be his daughter, who ran away after the outbreak of the plague, not accepting her father as a vampire. Charles, wanting to have his daughter back, has Frankie forcibly turn her. She refuses to drink human blood, feeding on her own instead - and thus begins to turn into a subsider. She is rounded up with a group of the creatures in a chain gang and dragged into sunlight to burn to death. Witnessing Alison\'s death upsets Frankie and he seeks out his brother. Meanwhile, Bromley Marks has exhausted their reserves of blood, and the army arrives in the cities, destroying subsiders to control the population. Edward, Elvis, and Audrey break into Chris\' home and ask him to help spread the cure. However, Chris has finally discovered a viable blood substitute and does not want there to be a cure. He calls in vampire soldiers, who capture Audrey while Elvis and Edward escape into hiding. They are found by Frankie, who agrees to help but is gradually becoming a subsider. He attacks Elvis and they discover that feeding on a former vampire is another method for vampires to turn back to humans. Edward, trying to save Audrey, turns himself in and goads Charles into attacking him. Edward uses the now-human Charles to cure a group of soldiers starting to experience subsider aggression. Edward and Audrey, cornered by more soldiers, are rescued when Frankie sacrifices himself. This sparks a feeding frenzy that leaves all of the soldiers dead or cured. They are confronted by Chris, who kills the few remaining cured soldiers to hide the evidence of the cure. Just as Chris points his gun at him, Elvis arrives and shoots him in the chest with a crossbow. Edward looks sadly to his dead brother, and Audrey, Edward and Elvis turn back and watch the sun rise on the city. The three survivors then drive away into the horizon, with a voice-over by Edward stating that they have a cure and can change others back.'] ['In the early 2030s, the world is plagued by environmental blight. The United Kingdom is ruled by a totalitarian government under the fascist Norsefire party. The party sets up concentration camps where political prisoners, homosexuals, and other unwanted populace in general are exterminated by Britain\'s new fascist regime. Evey Hammond, a young woman who works at the state-run British Television Network, is rescued from an attempted rape perpetrated by members of the secret police known as the "Fingermen" by a Guy Fawkes-masked vigilante known as "V". He leads her to a rooftop to watch his destruction of the Old Bailey. Norsefire tries to explain away the incident as a controlled demolition, claiming the building was no longer structurally sound, but V takes over the state television broadcast the same day, exposing the lie. He urges the people of Britain to rise up against the oppressive government and meet him in one year, on November 5, outside the Houses of Parliament, which he promises to destroy. Evey helps V to escape, but is knocked out in the process. V brings Evey to his lair, where she is told that she must stay in hiding until the November 5 in the following year for her own safety. Upon learning that V is killing government officials, she escapes to the home of her boss, comedian and talk show host Gordon Deitrich . In return for Evey\'s trust in him with her very safety, Deitrich reveals to her an inner sanctum in his home housing a collection of materials outlawed by the government such as subversive paintings, the Quran, and to her surprise – homoerotic photos by Robert Mapplethorpe. Deitrich explains that even though she believed she was meeting him for a date that night V saved her from the fingermen, his intentions toward her was actually a cover under which he hides his actual sexuality. Rather than be his true self in the police state they live in, he has to keep up the expected image of someone who dates young girls such as herself lest he be imprisoned like all the other undesirables. One night, Gordon satirises the government on his television show. The secret police raid Deitrich\'s home, capturing him and Evey. She is incarcerated and tortured for days for information about V. She finds solace in notes written by another prisoner, an actress named Valerie Page , who was arrested for being a lesbian. Finally, Evey is told that she will be executed immediately unless she reveals V\'s location. An exhausted but defiant Evey says she would rather die, and is released. Evey discovers that she has been in V\'s lair all along, and that her imprisonment was staged to free her from her fears. She finds out Deitrich was executed for having a copy of the Quran. The notes were real, but they were passed by Valerie to V years earlier when he was similarly imprisoned. Although Evey initially hates V for what he did to her, she realizes she now feels stronger and free in spirit. She leaves him with a promise to return before November 5. Inspector Finch, Scotland Yard\'s chief of police, learns how Norsefire came to power and about V\'s origins in the course of his investigation. Fourteen years earlier, the United States had collapsed, due to being the victim of an unleashed bio-weapon, which was secretly and deliberately utilized by the people who would become the core of the group Norsefire. It is also mentioned later on that the United States is suffering another civil war between the Midwestern states. Britain suffered in the resulting chaos. Norsefire led a reactionary purge to restore order, during which "enemies of the state" — anyone who did not meet the Party\'s standards of "purity" — frequently disappeared. The country was divided over the loss of freedom until a coordinated bio-terrorist attack upon a school, a water treatment plant and a tube station resulted in at least 80,000 deaths. The fear generated by the attack allowed Norsefire to win the next election, thereafter silencing all opposition and turning the United Kingdom into a totalitarian state under High Chancellor Adam Sutler . A cure for the virus used in the bio-terrorist attack was later unveiled by a pharmaceutical company with ties to Norsefire. Finch comes to realize that Sutler and his now security chief, Peter Creedy , engineered the catastrophe to seize power. The virus was developed through deadly experimentation on "social deviants" and political dissidents at a detention centre in Larkhill where V had been detained with Valerie Page. Unlike the rest of the doomed prisoners, V gained heightened abilities and managed to escape when the centre was destroyed. Finch realizes that a string of murders involving high profile Norsefire party members are actually V taking revenge on those involved with Larkhill. As November 5 nears, V\'s various schemes cause chaos in the UK and the population starts questioning Norsefire\'s rule. V organizes the distribution of thousands of Guy Fawkes masks. On the eve of the 5th, Evey visits V, who shows her a train in the abandoned London Underground which he has filled with explosives to destroy Parliament. He leaves it up to Evey whether to use it, believing that he is unfit to decide. V then leaves to meet Creedy, who had made a deal with V to hand over Sutler in exchange for V\'s surrender. Although Creedy executes Sutler as V watches, V still refuses to surrender and is shot multiple times by Creedy\'s bodyguards. V survives due in part to his concealed armour breastplate, and kills Creedy and his men. Mortally wounded, V returns to Evey to thank her and admits he is in love with her. V dies in her arms afterwards. As Evey places the dead V in the train, she is found by Finch. Having learned much about the corruption of the Norsefire regime, Finch allows Evey to send the train on its way. Thousands of Londoners, all wearing the Guy Fawkes masks, and unarmed, march on Parliament to watch the event. Because Sutler and Creedy are dead and unable to give orders, the military stands down in the face of a civil rebellion. Accompanied by the "1812 Overture", Parliament and Big Ben are destroyed as Evey and Finch look on. Finch asks Evey for the identity of V, to which she replies, "He was all of us."'] ['On January 5, 1900, four friends arrive for a dinner at a house located near London, but their host, H. George Wells, is absent. As requested, they begin without him, but then George staggers in, exhausted and disheveled. He begins to recount his adventures since they last met on New Year\'s Eve, 1899. A week earlier, George discusses time as "the fourth dimension" with friends, among them David Filby  and Dr. Philip Hillyer ([[Sebastian Cabot . He shows them a tiny machine that he claims can travel in time, stating that a larger version can carry a man "into the past or the future". When activated, the device blurs and disappears. Most of his friends dismiss it as a trick, but after the others have gone, Filby warns George to destroy the machine. They agree to meet again next Friday with the others. George uses the Time Machine to travel to the future. He first leaves the machine on September 13, 1917, where he meets James Filby , whom he mistakes for his father, David. James informs George that his father had "died in the war", and that the United Kingdom has been at war with Germany since 1914. He tells him that an inventor lived across the road who disappeared around the turn of the century. George then travels to June 19, 1940, into the midst of "a new war", which he briefly stops in as his machine is buffeted from side to side. George\'s next stop is August 19, 1966, in a futuristic metropolis. He is puzzled to see people hurrying into a fallout shelter amid the blare of air raid sirens. An older James Filby tells him to get into the shelter. James spots an atomic satellite zeroing in and flees into the shelter. A nuclear explosion causes a volcano to erupt. Civilization is destroyed in a nuclear holocaust. George restarts the machine just in time to avoid being incinerated, but lava covers the machine, then cools and hardens, forcing him to travel far into the future until it erodes away. He stops the machine on October 12,October 12, 1492 was the date on which Columbus landed in \'the new world\'. 802,701, next to a low building with a large sphinx on top. George explores, and spots young people by a river. A woman is drowning, but the others are indifferent. George rescues her, but is surprised by her lack of gratitude or other emotion. She calls herself Weena  and her people the Eloi. Outraged by the Elois\' apathy and lack of ambition, George returns to where he had left his time machine, to find that it has been dragged into the sphinx-building, behind locked metal doors. Weena follows George and insists they go back, for fear of "Morlocks" at night. A monster jumps out of the bushes and tries to drag Weena off, but George rescues her and wards the beast off with fire. Weena informs him that the hideous creature was one of the Morlocks. The next day, Weena shows George what appear to be domed well-like air-shafts in the ground. She then takes him to an ancient museum, where "talking rings" tell of a centuries-long nuclear war/holocaust. One group of survivors remained underground in the shelters and evolved into the Morlocks, while the other group, which became the Eloi, returned to the surface. George starts climbing down a shaft, but turns back when a siren begins blaring from atop the sphinx-building. Weena and the rest of the Eloi enter a trance-like state, and complacently file through the now-open doors of the building. When the siren stops, the doors close, trapping Weena and others inside. To rescue Weena, George climbs down a shaft and enters the subterranean caverns and is horrified to discover that the Eloi are little more than free range livestock to the Morlocks, who raise and cannibalise them. He fights the Morlocks with the help of the Eloi, who prove to be not completely helpless, then escapes with them up the shafts to safety. Under his direction, they drop dry dead tree branches into the shafts to feed the fire. The entire area caves in, crushing and suffocating most of the Morlocks below. The next morning, George finds the sphinx-building in charred ruins and the doors to the building open again, with his time machine sitting just inside the entrance. He goes to retrieve his machine, but the doors close behind him and he is attacked by the remaining Morlocks. He uses the time machine to escape back to January 5, 1900. George\'s friends scoff at his story and leave; only Filby believes him. George leaves again in the time machine.'] ['1st Lieutenant Jake Tanner , an unorthodox Air Force officer, shares ICBM silo duty at an Air Force missile base in California with Major Eugene "Sam" Denton . When the United States detects incoming nuclear missiles, Tanner and Denton "turn the key" to launch part of the retaliatory strike, initiating Doomsday. After launching their entire arsenal of nuclear missiles, Tanner and Denton witness nuclear devastation rain down all around them. Two years later, the Earth has been tilted off its axis by World War III, radiation has mutated insect life, and the planet is constantly wracked by massive storms that cover the entire hemisphere. Military order at the base has broken down. Tanner has resigned his commission and Denton is considering going to Albany, New York to find the source of a lone radio transmission. Before they abandon the base, a rocket fuel explosion kills all but four men -- Denton, Tanner, former Airman Keegan  and Airman Tom Perry . They set out in two Air Force "Landmasters," giant 12-wheeled armored personnel carriers capable of climbing 60-degree inclines and operating in water. They must cross "Damnation Alley," considered "the path of least resistance" between intense radiation areas. On their journey, they lose one Landmaster in a storm , pick up two survivors, fight a band of crazed, savage shotgun-toting mountain men and encounter mutated "flesh stripping cockroaches" in the ruins of Salt Lake City, which eat Keegan alive, as well as a tidal wave set off by earth suddenly returning to its normal axis  before reaching their destination, a surprisingly intact Albany.'] ['In the near future war rages across the fictional Republic of Gilead and pollution has rendered 99% of the population sterile. Kate is captured after seeing her husband killed and daughter kidnapped while the family tried to escape into Canada. Kate is trained to become a Handmaid, a concubine for one of the privileged but barren couples who rule the country\'s religious fundamentalist regime. Although she resists being indoctrinated into the bizarre cult of the Handmaids, mixing the Old Testament orthodoxy and misogyny with 12-step gospel and ritualized violence, Kate is soon assigned to the home of the Commander and his cold, inflexible wife, Serena Joy. There she is renamed "Offred" - "of Fred". She is forced to lie between Serena Joy\'s legs and have sex with the Commander, in hopes that she will bear them a child. Kate continually longs for her earlier life. She soon learns that many of the nation\'s leaders are as sterile as their wives. She decides to risk the punishment for fornication &mdash; death by hanging &mdash; in order to be fertilized by another man who will make her pregnant, and subsequently, spare her life. The other man turns out to be Nick, the Commander\'s sympathetic driver. Kate grows attached to him and eventually becomes pregnant with his child. Kate ultimately kills the Commander, then hides from the men who come looking for her. She thinks that the men are the Eyes, the governments secret police. However, it turns out that they are soldiers from the resistance movement, which Nick, too, is a part of. Kate then flees with them, leaving Nick behind in an emotional scene. In the closing scene, Kate is shown pregnant and alone in a stationary caravan. She reminisces about Nick and the current situation, hoping that once the resistance has won, she and Nick will be together.'] ["Set in the year 2026, Metropolis takes place in a dystopian society where wealthy intellectuals rule from vast tower complexes, oppressing the workers who live in the depths below them. The film follows Freder , the son of the master of the city, Joh Fredersen . While idling away his leisure time in a pleasure garden, Freder encounters a young woman named Maria  who has brought a group of worker’s children to see the privileged lifestyle led by the rich. Maria and the children are quickly ushered away, but Freder is fascinated by Maria and descends to the worker’s city in an attempt to find her. Freder finds the worker’s city and watches in horror as a huge machine explodes, injuring many. Appalled by what he has witnessed, Freder runs to tell his father. Joh is angered that he learned of the explosion from Freder rather than his assistant Josaphat , and fires Josaphat as a result. When Freder berates his father for this, Joh is unsympathetic to Josephat or the Workers. Josaphat attempts to commit suicide over his dismissal, but is stopped by Freder. Freder tells Josaphat to return to his apartment and wait for him there, leaving to return to the workers' city. Concerned by his son’s behaviour, Joh sends The Thin Man  to keep track of his movements. In the worker’s city, Freder sees a worker named Georgy  close to collapsing at his post. Freder relieves him, swapping clothes with Georgy and telling him to go to Josaphat’s apartment and wait for him there. Georgy is driven away by Freder’s chauffeur, but on his way to Josaphat’s apartment he is distracted by the bright-lights of the licentious night-club Yoshiwara. Back in the worker’s city, Freder finds a plan folded tightly in his pocket and is told of an approaching meeting by a passerby. Meanwhile, Joh has learned of mysterious plans being shared amongst the workers. He takes the plans to Rotwang , a scientist and old collaborator who informs him the plans show the underground tunnels that lie beneath the worker’s city. Rotwang was in love with Joh’s deceased wife Hel, and – to Joh’s horror — reveals that he has been building a robot in order to ‘resurrect’ her. Rotwang discovers the plans are a map of the ancient catacombs beneath the city, and he and Joh leave to investigate. Freder, after suffering hallucinations brought on by exhaustion, follows the workers down into the catacombs, where Maria is waiting to speak to them. In the catacombs, Maria prophesies the arrival of a mediator between the workers and the rulers. Freder watches her transfixed, and once she has finished speaking approaches her and declares his love. They arrange to meet later in a cathedral, and part. Joh and Rotwang watch the entire scene unfold, and plot to kidnap Maria, give the robot her appearance and use it to discredit her. Joh is pleased with the plan, unaware that Rotwang intends to use the false Maria to destroy his son. Rotwang follows Maria through the catacombs, and kidnaps her. After leaving Yoshiwara the next morning, Georgy finds The Thin Man waiting for him in his car. The Thin Man orders Georgy to return to his post and forget everything that occurred, taking Josaphat’s address from him. Meanwhile Freder goes to Josaphat’s apartment, and asks for Georgy. Josaphat tells Freder that Georgy has not arrived. Freder tells Josaphat of his experiences in the worker’s city, before departing to meet Maria. The Thin Man arrives at Josaphat’s apartment just after Freder’s departure, and attempts to intimidate him into leaving Metropolis. The two fight, and Josaphat manages to escape and hide in the worker’s city. When Maria does not arrive at the cathedral, Freder goes in search of her. He hears her cries as he approaches Rotwang’s house, and makes futile attempts to reach her. In his laboratory Rotwang successfully transforms the robot into Maria’s double, and sends it to greet Joh. Freder returns to his father, and sees him and the false Maria embracing. He faints, and experiences a series of nightmarish visions. The false Maria begins to unleash chaos throughout Metropolis, driving men to murder out of lust for her in Yoshiwara and stirring dissent amongst the workers. Meanwhile, the real Maria manages to flee from Rotwang’s house as Rotwang and Fredersen duel after Fredersen becomes aware of Rotwang's treachery. When Freder recovers ten days later, he finds out from Josaphat that the Robot, whom they believe is Maria, is raising havoc. The pair venture down to Maria's altar, where the robot is urging the workers to rise up and revolt. Freder calls the robot out, knowing that Maria would never preach war, but is recognized as Joh Frederson's son and is attacked by the mob. In the chaos, Georgy is stabbed trying to protect Freder. Joh has ordered that the workers are allowed to rampage, in order to justify the use of heavy force against them at a later stage. The robot leads the workers from the city, who unknowingly leave their children behind, and they surge into the machine halls, abandoning their posts and destroying the Heart Machine, the central power Station of the city, which causes all the city's systems to fail. With no power for the pumps, the subterranean workers' city begins to flood. Maria finds the children trying to escape the flood and attempts to save as many as she can from the water, sounding the city's alarm to gather them in one spot. She is soon joined by Freder and Josaphat, who help her rescue the children and escape to the upper levels of the city via an escape ladder. They manage to evacuate the children just as the workers' city begins to collapse. As the workers revel in the Machine halls, Grot, foreman of the Heart Machine, manages to suppress the out-of-control crowd, and berates them for their behavior and actions. Realizing their children have been left behind in the flooded workers' city, the workers are driven mad by grief. Considering Maria the cause of their misery, they launch a witch hunt, capture the false Maria, who had been reveling with the city's rich, and tie her to a stake. Having been separated from the real Maria, Freder watches as the false Maria is set afire and gradually transforms back into her robot form. A delusional Rotwang finds the real Maria hiding from the mob in the cathedral, and, mistaking her for Hel, gives chase. Rotwang and Maria end up on the roof of the cathedral, and are seen by Freder from the ground. Freder climbs up to the roof of the cathedral and confronts Rotwang; the two fight, and Rotwang eventually loses his balance and falls to his death. The film ends with Freder declaring a truce between the workers and the thinkers, and linking the hands of his father and Grot , becoming the Mediator between head and hands."] ['The story takes place during a new ice age. The camera tracks a blank, frozen, seemingly deserted tundra- until two blurry distant figures can just be made out. They are the seal hunter Essex  and his pregnant companion, Vivia , the daughter of one of Essex\'s late hunting partners. They are travelling North, where Essex hopes to reunite with his brother, Francha . Essex and Vivia eventually find Francha\'s apartment, but the reunion is short-lived. While Essex is out buying firewood, a gambler named Redstone  throws a bomb into Francha\'s apartment, killing everyone inside, including Vivia. Essex sees Redstone fleeing the scene and chases him to the sector\'s "Information Room"; Essex witnesses the murder of Redstone by a Latin gambler named St. Christopher . When St. Christopher leaves, Essex searches Redstone\'s pockets and finds a piece of paper with a list of names: Francha, Redstone, Goldstar, Deuca, St. Christopher, and Ambrosia. Puzzled by the mystery, Essex discovers that Redstone had previously checked into the Hotel Electra, a gambling resort in another sector. He visits the hotel and assumes Redstone\'s identity. Immediately after checking in, Essex is given an unexpected welcome by Grigor , who is the dealer in the casino. Insisting that he means no harm, Grigor invites Essex  to the casino, where gamblers are now heavily involved in a "Quintet" tournament . While there he meets Ambrosia , who always plays the "sixth man" in the game. Essex is unaware that the current Quintet tournament is a fight for the survival of the fittest. Those who are "killed" in game are executed in real life. Grigor and St. Christopher are aware that Essex is not the real Redstone, so they ignore him and focus on the other players. Goldstar  is the first killed, followed by Deuca , until the only two players left are St. Christopher and Ambrosia. Ambrosia, however, insists that Essex be counted as a player in the game since he has assumed Redstone\'s identity. Grigor agrees and informs St. Christopher that he has to eliminate Essex before he can face off against Ambrosia. Essex and St. Christopher have a showdown outside the city, where St. Christopher is killed in an avalanche. Essex returns to Francha\'s apartment and finds the same list that Redstone had. Ambrosia follows Essex to the apartment. Essex slits her throat just before she is about to stab him with a hidden knife. Returning to the Hotel Electra to cremate Ambrosia\'s body, Essex confronts Grigor to demand his "prize", since he was the winner of Quintet. But Grigor reveals that the only prize is the thrill of the game itself. Although Grigor insists he stays and participate in future tournaments, a disgusted Essex condemns Quintet and leaves the hotel for good. The film ends with Essex taking a long walk out into the barren Northern distance.'] ["The film depicts a future in which all plant life on Earth has been made extinct. Only a few specimens have been preserved in enormous, greenhouse-like geodesic domes attached to a fleet of American Airlines space freighters, just outside the orbit of Saturn. Freeman Lowell , one of four crewmen aboard the Valley Forge, is the resident botanist and ecologist who preserves the forests for their eventual return to Earth and the reforestation of the planet. Lowell spends most of his time in the forests, cultivating the plant and animal life. When orders come from Earth to jettison and destroy the domes  and return the freighters to commercial service, Lowell rebels and opts instead to save the forests and animals on his ship. After four of the six domes on the Valley Forge are jettisoned and destroyed, Lowell kills one of his crewmates in a struggle, and his right leg is seriously injured in the process. Nevertheless, he prevents the destruction of one of the remaining domes by trapping the other two crewmen in the other dome, which he jettisons and destroys. Enlisting the aid of the ship's three service robots, which he later nicknames Huey, Dewey, and Louie , Lowell stages a fake premature explosion as a ruse and sends the Valley Forge careening away from the space freighter fleet towards Saturn in an attempt to hijack the ship and flee with the last forest dome. Now alone, Lowell reprograms the drones to perform surgery on his leg and sets the Valley Forge on a risky course through Saturn's rings. As the ship endures a rough passage, Drone 3  is ripped away from the ship. The ship and its remaining dome emerge relatively undamaged on the other side of the rings. Lowell and the other drones set out into deep space to maintain the forest. Lowell teaches Huey and Dewey to plant trees and play poker. Drone 2  is damaged when Lowell accidentally collides with him while driving a buggy recklessly. During a scene where Drone 2  is being repaired, Drone 1  sentimentally refuses to leave the side of Drone 2. As time passes Lowell is horrified when he learns that his forest is dying, but is unable to come up with a solution to the problem. When the Berkshire eventually reestablishes contact with Lowell, he knows that his acts will soon be discovered. It is then that he realizes a lack of light has restricted plant growth, and he races to install lamps to correct this situation. In an effort to save the last forest before the Berkshire catches up to him, Lowell jettisons the dome to safety. He then detonates nuclear charges, destroying himself, drone 2  and the Valley Forge. The final scene is of the well-lit forest greenhouse drifting into deep space, with Drone 1  tenderly caring for it, holding a battered old watering can."] [' In Neo-Tokyo, 2019, Shotaro Kaneda  leads the Capsules, his bōsōzoku gang, to fight against the rival gang known as the Clowns. However, Kaneda\'s best friend Tetsuo Shima  is injured when he almost crashes his motorcycle into Takashi , a small esper sprung from a secret government laboratory by a dissident underground revolutionary organization. Takashi is captured by armed soldiers and Tetsuo is hospitalized. When Kaneda and his gang are interrogated, he encounters Kei , a member of the revolutionary group, and arranges her release along with his own gang. Meanwhile, Colonel Shikishima  and Doctor Onishi  discover that Tetsuo possesses psychic capabilities similar to Akira, a young esper who caused Tokyo\'s destruction 31 years earlier. Kiyoko , another esper, has visions of Neo-Tokyo\'s destruction, and the Colonel tells Onishi to kill Tetsuo if he thinks the power may get out of control. Tetsuo flees from the hospital and meets up with his girlfriend, Kaori , and they steal Kaneda\'s motorcycle. When Tetsuo and Kaori are confronted by the Clowns, Kaneda and the Capsules save them both. Tetsuo begins to suffer a psychic migraine, and Doctor Onishi has Tetsuo taken back to the hospital. Saving Kei from being captured after a guerilla attack, Kaneda is led to the rebels\' headquarters and cooperates with them after overhearing their plans to kidnap Tetsuo. Meanwhile, Takashi, Kiyoko and Masaru  — another Esper — unsuccessfully attempt to kill Tetsuo. Tetsuo eventually goes on a violent rampage through the hospital, intent on killing the espers. Kaneda, Kei, and the Colonel unsuccessfully try to stop Tetsuo\'s rampage. Discovering that Akira is in cryonic storage below Neo-Tokyo\'s new Olympic Stadium, Tetsuo flees. Kei and Kaneda are detained, but Kiyoko — using Kei as a medium — explains that Tetsuo must be stopped, and facilitates the youths\' escape before taking the girl away to combat Tetsuo. Desperate to find Tetsuo, the Colonel places Neo-Tokyo under martial law. Tetsuo confronts and kills Yamagata , a member of the Capsules. He then proceeds to destroy the city as he makes his way to the Stadium, brutally dispatching the military forces who attempt to stand in his way. Upon learning of Yamagata\'s death from his friend Kai , Kaneda follows Tetsuo to the stadium, seeking revenge. When Tetsuo arrives at Akira\'s cryonic dewar flask, he defeats Kei and exhumes the Akira vault from the ground, but discovers all that is left of Akira are glass canisters filled with his remains, his body having been subjected to numerous scientific experiments. Kaneda confronts and unsuccessfully tries to defeat Tetsuo with an experimental laser weapon, while the Colonel uses an orbital laser to sever Tetsuo\'s right arm. Tetsuo pulls the orbital weapon into the atmosphere and synthesizes an artificial arm from the remains while studying Akira\'s organs. When Kaori arrives, Tetsuo\'s psychokinetic powers have begun to cause him immense pain. The Colonel explains that the espers\' migraine-controlling drugs administered to Tetsuo are to stunt the evolution of uncontrollable abilities. Despite the Colonel\'s pleas for Tetsuo to return to the hospital, Tetsuo nearly kills the Colonel, but Kaneda confronts him. Unable to control his powers, Tetsuo\'s body begins to transform into a giant mass, engulfing Kaneda and crushing Kaori to death. The espers awaken Akira, who had merely grown beyond the requirement of a coherent biological form. Manifesting himself from the canisters, Akira reunites with his friends. Akira uses his psychic powers to create a blinding ball of light that engulfs the city, which he uses to contain Tetsuo. As Akira confronts Tetsuo, the espers hurry to teleport the Colonel to safety and — over Masaru and Kiyoko\'s objections — Takashi jumps into the light to rescue Kaneda. The other espers join Takashi, deciding that it will take all three of them to save Kaneda, aware they likely will not be able to return. Kaneda experiences Tetsuo\'s and the espers\' childhood memories, including how much Tetsuo trusted Kaneda as a friend and how the children were first studied before Tokyo\'s destruction. The espers remove Kaneda from the destruction and tell him that Akira will be taking Tetsuo to safety; Kiyoko implies that Kei is beginning to develop her own psychic powers, and this is confirmed when Kei calls Kaneda out telepathically. Akira\'s psychic power destroys most of Neo-Tokyo, and — after disappearing — leaves a void that is quickly filled by the ocean. Doctor Onishi is killed when his research laboratory is crushed. Kaneda awakens to discover that Kei and Kai have survived, and they drive away into the city. The Colonel walks out of the tunnel that the espers teleported him to and watches the sun rising over the destroyed city. Tetsuo comes into full control of his powers as he initiates a Big Bang in another dimension, uttering the words: "I am Tetsuo".'] ['Astronaut and Osteopath, Dr. Ivan Hood  and his companion Kelly  return to Earth after a 14 year space mission with two other astronauts. They are soon captured by other humans and one of their team is killed after sustaining a sprain. They are taken to a work camp, to their surprise, is run by locust-like aliens. These aliens had arrived 20 years ago to feast on the trees and used E.M.P. bombs to cripple earth before their invasion. The other member of their team is eaten alive by one of the aliens after refusing to work. The camp is supervised by human bounty hunters. After seeing how illiterate and savage humans have become due to the aliens, Dr. Hood and Kelly plan to make an escape the next day after hearing rumors that the President has survived and has an army waiting to strike back. The escape plan goes off without a hitch, but Kelly is recaptured by one of the guards. Dr. Hood travels to find the president and meets other humans who believe the President has survived. Dr. Hood and his convoy reach a secret headquarters to discover remnants of the American government and the President, who is now a former shell of himself. Extremely ticked off, Dr. Hood decides to rally the escaped slaves himself and plan an attack on the bug camp that Kelly is still being held at. The attack begins successfully and Kelly  joins in. Things seem hopeless when the bugs bring in heavy artillery, but the President\'s group arrives and pulls off a sneak attack that blows up the bug\'s tanks. The other slaves join in and defeat the bugs. Dr. Hood and his rebels then went on a quest to continue killing the bugs and gather more followers from the camps. "In time he  became known as The Great Exterminator".'] ['Sam Lowry  is a low-level government employee, who has frequent daydreams of saving a beautiful maiden. One day he is assigned the task of trying to rectify an error caused by a fly getting jammed in a printer, which caused it to misprint a file, resulting in the incarceration and death during interrogation of Mr. Archibald Buttle instead of the suspected "terrorist", Archibald Tuttle. When Sam visits Buttle\'s widow, he discovers Jill Layton , the upstairs neighbour of the Buttles, and is astonished to see that she has the face of the woman from his recurring dreams. Jill is trying to help Mrs. Buttle find out what happened to her husband, but has become sick of dealing with the bureaucracy. Unbeknownst to her, she is now considered a terrorist friend of Tuttle for attempting to report the mistake of Buttle\'s arrest in Tuttle\'s place to a bureaucracy that would not admit such an error. When Sam tries to approach her, she is very cautious and avoids giving Sam full details, worried the government will track her down. During this time, Sam comes in contact with the real Tuttle , a renegade air conditioning specialist who once worked for the government but left due to his dislike of paperwork. Tuttle helps Sam deal with two Central Services workers, Spoor  and Dowser , who later return to demolish Sam\'s ducts and seize his apartment under the guise of fixing the air conditioning. Sam discovers that the only way to learn about Jill is to get transferred to Information Retrieval, where he would have access to her classified records. He requests the help of his mother, Ida , vainly addicted to rejuvenating plastic surgery under the care of cosmetic surgeon Dr. Jaffe , as she has connections to high-ranking officers and is able to help her son get the position. Delighted that her son has finally shown ambition &ndash; having previously turned down similar offers from her &ndash; Ida arranges for Sam\'s promotion. Sam eventually obtains Jill\'s records and tracks her down before she is arrested, then falsifies her records to make her appear deceased, allowing her to escape the bureaucracy. The two share a romantic night together, but they are quickly apprehended by the government at gunpoint. Charged with treason for abusing his newly acquired position, Sam is restrained to a chair in a large, empty cylindrical room , to be tortured by his old "friend", Jack Lint , who is wearing a mask seen earlier in Sam\'s dreams and had previously renounced their friendship in favour of loyalty to the Ministry. Sam also learns that Jill had been killed resisting arrest. However, before Jack manages to begin the torture, Tuttle and other members of the resistance break into the Ministry. The resistance shoots Jack, rescues Sam, and blows up the Ministry building as they flee. Sam and Tuttle run off together, but Tuttle disappears amid a mass of scraps of paper from the destroyed Ministry. Sam runs to his mother attending a funeral for a friend who died of excessive cosmetic surgery. Finding his mother now looking like Jill and fawned over by a flock of juvenile admirers, Sam falls into the open casket, falling through an empty black void. He lands in a world from his daydreams, and attempts escape up a pile of flex-ducts from the police and imaginary monsters. He finds a door at the top of the pile and, passing through it, is surprised to find himself in a trailer driven by Jill. The two drive away from the city together. However, this "happy ending" is all a product of Sam\'s delusions: Sam is still strapped to the chair and observed by Jack and Deputy Minister Mr. Helpmann , who is portrayed along the film as a good "friend" of Sam\'s family. Realising that Sam has grown catatonic, with a smile on his face and humming "Brazil", the two declare Sam a lost cause, and exit the room as the film ends.'] ['In the year 2019, Lincoln Six Echo and Jordan Two Delta live in an isolated compound. The closed community is governed by a set of strict rules. The residents believe that the outer world has become too contaminated for human life with the exception of the titular island. Every week a "lottery" is conducted and the winner gets to go to the island. Lincoln however begins to have some problems and doubts which lead him to discover a sinister truth. Lincoln starts having dreams, with memories that he knows are not real. Dr. Merrick, the founder of Merrick Biotech and the person running the compound, is disturbed and inserts probes into Lincoln\'s body to monitor his cerebral activities and to record what he sees for 24 hours. While secretly visiting a power-plant basement where his friend James McCord  works, Lincoln discovers a live moth in a ventilation shaft, leading him to deduce that the outside world is not contaminated. Lincoln follows the moth to another section, where he discovers that the "lottery" is actually a guise to kill the "winners" for organ harvesting, surrogate motherhood or other purposes. The organs or babies are given to sponsors, whose faces  match with the winners. Merrick discovers that Lincoln has learned the truth, forcing Lincoln to escape. In the meanwhile, Jordan has been selected for the island. Lincoln escapes the facility along with Jordan, where they emerge in an Arizona desert. He explains the truth to her, and they realize that all the residents are clones of wealthy and/or desperate sponsors. Merrick\'s technology evolves the clones directly into adults, while keeping them ignorant or unable to cope with real world. Here, Merrick makes sales to more sponsors before the word gets out. He hires French mercenary Albert Laurent, admitting that the organs of unconscious clones inevitably fail, making them useless. Thus, he needs the clones conscious in the compound. Lincoln and Jordan find McCord in a bar. McCord gives them the name of Lincoln\'s sponsor in Los Angeles, and helps them to the Yucca railway station, before being killed by the mercenaries. Jordan\'s sponsor, model Sarah Jordan, is in a coma because of a car accident. Lincoln\'s sponsor, Tom Lincoln, explains some of the situation, whereby Lincoln realizes that he has gained some of Tom\'s memories. Tom agrees to help expose the truth about the organ harvesting, but secretly informs Merrick about the situation by telephone. Merrick sends the mercenaries to the location, but Lincoln tricks Laurent into killing Tom, allowing him to assume Tom\'s identity. Merrick decides to take action to avoid a similar incident from happening. He decides to eliminate the four newest generations of clones as they all seem to be affected by the same cloning defect. Lincoln and Jordan plan to liberate their fellow clones. Posing as Tom, Lincoln returns to the compound in order to destroy the holographic projectors that hide the outside world from the clones. With help from Laurent, who has moral qualms about the treatment given to the clones, Merrick is killed and the clones are freed. The film ends with the clones seeing the outside world for the first time. One can also see that Jordan and Lincoln have developed their very own personalities. In the final scene they were riding on a boat happily.'] [' The film takes place in New York City in the year 2095 where genetically altered humans live side by side with unaltered men and women, and where Central Park has been mysteriously encased in an "intrusion zone" where people who attempt to enter are instantly killed. A strange pyramid has appeared over the city; inside, the gods of ancient Egypt have judged Horus, one of their fellow gods, to cease his immortality. In the city below, Jill, a young woman with blue hair is arrested. Not completely human, her tissues appear to be no more than a few months old according to an examining physician, although her physical form is already that of an adult. She also possesses a number of secret powers, including one that enables her to procreate with gods, though she knows nothing of this. Horus is given a limited time to interact with the humans of New York and procreate. During his search for a host body, Horus encounters Nikopol, a rebel condemned to 30 years of hibernation who escapes his prison, due to a mechanical accident, one year early. Horus has been unsuccessful in attempting to take over the bodies of other humans; due to an incompatibility with the genetic alterations humans have undergone, the host bodies self-destruct while attempting to accommodate a god. Nikopol\'s body is acceptable as it has been frozen in prison/storage and not undergone the genetic changes causing the rejections. Horus takes partial control of Nikopol\'s body and starts looking for a woman he can mate with to provide him a son before his death sentence is carried out. When Horus/Nikopol discovers Jill, they become entangled in a web of murder and intrigue. The final scene is the only one in which we hear actress Linda Hardy\'s voice as she recites in her native French the third stanza of Charles Baudelaire\'s poem Le Poison, which her character, Jill, has just been reading from the book she holds entitled Les fleurs du mal . "Tout cela ne vaut pas le poison qui découle de tes yeux, de tes yeux verts, lacs où mon âme tremble et se voit à l\'envers. Mes songes viennent en foule pour se désaltérer à ces gouffres amers." [English translation: All that is not worth the poison that flows from your eyes, from your green eyes, lakes where my soul trembles and sees itself upside down. My dreams crowd in to slake their thirst in those bitter gulfs.] Nikopol, who recites Baudelaire\'s turbulent poetry in other scenes of the movie, provides the final lines of dialogue by completing Jill\'s recitation in English. "But all that is not worth the prodigy of your saliva, Jill, that bites my soul, and dizzies it, and swirls it down, remorselessly, rolling it, fainting to the underworld."'] ['{{Plot}} In the last days of December 1999, Los Angeles has become a dangerously volatile war zone. As a group of criminals rob a Chinese restaurant, the event is recorded by a robber wearing a \'SQUID\', or "Superconducting Quantum Interference Device", which records events directly from the wearer\'s cerebral cortex, and when played back through a MiniDisc-like device allow a user to experience the recorder\'s memory as if was his or her own. Lenny Nero  is a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer who deals in bootleg SQUID recordings. His main supplier, Tick , tries to sell the robbery clip to him. Lenny initially refuses, due to the recording ending with the wearer\'s death, but eventually agrees to buy it at a reduced price, intending to edit it. Meanwhile, a call girl named Iris  is being chased by two police officers as she flees to the subway, jumping aboard one of the trains. As the train departs, one of the officers shatters a window and grabs Iris; her wig is pulled off as she struggles, revealing a SQUID recorder headset inside. While Lenny acts smooth with his clients, in private he pines for his ex-girlfriend Faith , while relying on his two best friends, bodyguard Lornette "Mace" Mason  and private investigator Max Peltier , for emotional support. Mace\'s relationship with Lenny is strained, due to her unrequited feelings for him and her disapproval of his SQUID-dealing business. While the three are drinking together at a bar, Iris arrives, drops a disc through the sunroof of Lenny\'s car and attempts to explain her predicament to him, but flees when she sees police nearby. Lenny\'s illegally-parked car is towed away before Lenny can find the disc. Hours later, Lenny receives a "blackjack"  SQUID from an anonymous sender, and watches in horror as Iris gets brutally raped and strangled to death. Disturbed by the recording and Iris\'s warnings about Faith\'s safety, Lenny tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend, music industry mogul Philo Gant , but to no avail. Lenny later receives more snuff tapes. He and Mace discover that the deaths are tied to a cover-up of the murder of rapper and social commentator Jeriko One  and one of his band mates by two renegade LAPD officers. As they are hunted by the two policemen, Burton Steckler and Dwayne Engelman , Lenny discovers that Iris witnessed  the murders. Lenny, Mace, and Max meet at Tick\'s on New Year\'s Eve, only to discover that Tick has been rendered brain-dead from exposure to highly amplified SQUID recordings. Mace insists that the truth behind Jeriko\'s murder go public, but Max insinuates that if it did, the city would destroy itself from within. Lenny concludes that the assault on Tick was committed by the same person that killed Iris and fears Faith will be next. Lenny and Mace confront Faith about the truth behind Jeriko\'s death. Faith mentions that Philo has been monitoring his inner circle. Concerned that Jeriko might be looking for a new manager, Philo hired Iris to spy on him. Realizing that Philo must have ordered the killer to murder Iris, Lenny convinces Faith to escape with them, but Philo\'s henchmen stop them. As midnight approaches, Lenny and Mace sneak into a private New Year\'s party at the Bonaventure Hotel that Philo is hosting for the city\'s wealthy elite. Lenny gives the disk to Mace so she can deliver it to Deputy Police Commissioner Palmer Strickland . Upon entering Philo\'s penthouse suite, Lenny finds another SQUID disk which shows Faith apparently being raped and killed. Refusing to watch anymore, Lenny finds a body covered in bedsheets and pulls the sheets aside to find Philo, whose brain has been overwhelmed in the same manner as Tick\'s. Lenny watches the remainder of the clip and discovers the killer is Max. He only pretended to kill Faith and it becomes apparent that the two have become lovers. In the clip, Philo enters the room and Max forces him to run the amplified recording. After the clip ends, Max and Faith enter the room. Max disarms Lenny and shoots Philo with Lenny\'s gun, explaining that he set Philo up because he wanted to have Faith killed for what she knew about Jeriko One\'s death, and that he now intends to frame Lenny for Philo\'s murder. As Max is about to shoot Lenny, Faith has a change of heart and attacks Max. In the ensuing fight, Lenny tries to throw Max off the balcony and Max grabs Lenny\'s necktie, leaving both of them dangling from the railing over the street below. Lenny manages to pull Max\'s knife out of his shoulder  and cut his tie off, and Max falls to his death. Outside the hotel, Mace is pursued by Steckler and Engelman. She manages to subdue both of them, cuffing them to a scaffold, only for other nearby police officers to brutally beat her, triggering a riot in the crowd. Commissioner Strickland appears and restores order, having watched the recording of the murders, and orders the two officers arrested. As they are read their rights, Engelman grabs a pistol from one of the officers and commits suicide, and Steckler is gunned down by the police when he tries to shoot Mace. As Lenny and Mace are being treated for their wounds, Faith is arrested for Philo\'s murder. At the stroke of midnight , Lenny and Mace share a passionate kiss.'] ['The film tells the story of Jonathan E , the veteran star of the Houston team. By virtue of his stellar performance over the years, Jonathan has become the most recognizable Rollerballer in history; civilians all over the world recognize him on sight. This recognition is problematic for the hegemonic corporations. After another impressive performance in Houston\'s season-ending victory over the Madrid team, Energy Corporation chairman Mr. Bartholomew  congratulates the team and announces that the corporation, running out of ways to properly reward their champion, will feature Jonathan in a "multivision" special devoted to his career. Mr. Bartholomew later reveals to Jonathan that the corporate executives want him to retire, and offers Jonathan a lavish retirement package including an incentive package featuring "privileges," the currency of the society, asking him to announce his retirement on his televised special. Mr. Bartholomew emphasizes the benefits of corporate-run society and the importance of respecting executive decisions, but does not reveal why the directorate wants Jonathan to retire. It is revealed that Jonathan was married to a woman, Ella , and that the marriage ended when she was promised to an executive. The film revolves around the struggle of Jonathan to understand why he faces so much pressure to retire, which he ponders at his Texas ranch with his personal coach and his corporation-provided concubine. Jonathan gives advice to a group of up-and-coming Rollerball players, emphasizing the importance of skill and technique. He later tries to access some books from a library, but finds that the books have been classified, transcribed, and stored in one of the major corporate computer banks. Jonathan comforts himself at his ranch by watching video of his ex-wife, and finds that the corporation has sent him another concubine, Daphne. For Jonathan, Rollerball soon degrades into senseless violence as the rules of upcoming games are made more dangerous in order to force Jonathan out one way or another. It is announced that the semi-final game versus the Tokyo team will be played with no penalties and limited player substitutions, yet Jonathan refuses to yield and intends to play in the game. Summoned to the filming of his televised special, he struggles with Daphne and the host. An instructor insists on teaching the Houston team how to counter the Tokyo team\'s unorthodox martial arts skills, but the team, brimming with confidence, drowns him out with chants of "Houston!" The brutality of the match claims the lives of several players, including Houston\'s lead biker, Blue, and leaves Jonathan\'s best friend and teammate Moonpie ([[John Beck  brain-dead. Jonathan defies a doctor in the Tokyo hospital, and insists on keeping Moonpie on life support and transporting him elsewhere to receive medical care. The corporations hold an emergency meeting to discuss Jonathan\'s obstinate refusal to retire, and decide that the championship game against the New York team will be played without penalties, player substitutions, or a time-limit, in the hope that Jonathan, if he decides to participate, will be killed during the course of the game. The executives\' meeting reveals why they are demanding Jonathan\'s retirement: Rollerball was conceived not merely to slake bloodlust, but to demonstrate the futility of individualism. Jonathan\'s singular talent and longevity in the sport defeats the intended purpose of Rollerball. After much personal introspection, and further delving into the true nature of the corporations that run the world, Jonathan decides he is going to play in the game despite the obvious dangers. Naturally, the final game quickly loses all semblance of order as players are incapacitated or killed in short order. The crowd, raucous and energetic at the game\'s beginning, gradually become more and more subdued as the carnage builds and degrades to a gladiatorial "last man standing" event. Towards the end, Jonathan is the last mobile member of the Houston team. Two players remain from New York. After a brief and violent struggle, Jonathan dispatches one of the players, then gets possession of the ball, grabs the last, helpless New York player by the collar and readies to fatally smite him as the crowd, both coaches and Mr. Bartholomew watch in complete silence. With a moment\'s pause, Jonathan releases his opponent, slowly gets to his feet, and painfully makes his way to the goal, scoring the only point of the game, leaving the final score Houston 1, New York 0. Immediately following this Jonathan then starts to freely skate around the track in silent victory, and the coaches and fans of both teams start chanting "Jon-a-than!", first in a whisper and then gradually getting louder and louder as Jonathan continues to circle the track. Seeing his worst fears unfolding, Mr. Bartholomew hurries to exit the arena in blind panic, with the realization that Jonathan has essentially defeated the purpose of the game itself. As the cheering reaches a climax, the movie cuts to a sudden still of Jonathan, against the same music that opened the film, the Toccata from Bach\'s iconic Toccata and Fugue in D minor.'] ['The Airzone Solution takes place in a future Britain where pollution has reached a point where the populace must often wear filtration masks when they venture outside. AirZone, a powerful corporation, signs a lucrative deal with the government to deal with the problem. The public is told that AirZone plans to build giant filtration plants to clean the atmosphere, but environmentalists are skeptical, especially when people begin dying and disappearing around AirZone facilities. Investigative filmmaker Al Dunbar  has been working with Anthony Stanwick , the head of one radical environmental group on a Michael Moore-style exposé documentary on AirZone. But when Dunbar\'s mentor, the mysterious Oliver Threthewey  says the documentary is useless without more direct proof of AirZone\'s intentions, Dunbar and Stanwick hatch a plan to infiltrate AirZone\'s headquarters and hack into their computer mainframe. Stanwick has been aided in this by Rachel , an AirZone employee who is acting as his "mole" within the organisation. Meanwhile, Arnie Davies , a popular local television meteorologist, is getting ready to go on the air, although he still has time to flirt with the make-up lady and with his girlfriend, journalist Ellie Brown (played by Nicola Bryant, who had co-starred with Baker in both Doctor Who and [[The Stranger . Dunbar successfully infiltrates AirZone\'s offices, but sets off an alarm soon after hacking into the computer. Fleeing from the guards, Dunbar finds himself in a lab where Rachel — now a prisoner of AirZone — is being injected with a green fluid. He helps her to escape, but is killed in the process. At the moment Dunbar dies, both Arnie and Stanwick experience a vision of his death; for Arnie, this occurs in the middle of a broadcast and he faints on the air. Later, after a recuperating evening with Ellie, Arnie feels better and gets ready to go to work — only to be shocked at seeing an apparition of Dunbar standing in his hallway. Dunbar urges Arnie to investigate AirZone. Arnie continues to experience visions of Dunbar at work, and is unnerved when he learns that Dunbar had died the night before. After further disturbing displays both during his weather broadcast and again at home, Ellie suggests they investigate Dunbar\'s home. Ellie is not sure what to make of it when Arnie, relaying instructions from Dunbar, is able to guide her to a hiding place where Dunbar kept his spare key. Inside, Ellie and Arnie view Dunbar\'s incomplete documentary but must leave when a detective, carrying a warrant to seize any AirZone property, arrives. Soon, Arnie finds himself meeting Stanwick and is reassured that his visions of Dunbar are not the result of insanity, as Stanwick also sees the apparition . Together, Stanwick and Arnie locate Rachel, who is experiencing extreme physical distress as the result of whatever chemical or drug was being pumped into her body at AirZone. Before they can get her to hospital, she is abducted by a group of masked men. For Arnie, this sparks an obsession with finding the truth about AirZone, and during his next weather report, he takes a tangent to reveal to viewers that AirZone\'s pollution-filtering plants are in fact increasing the pollution in the atmosphere. Meanwhile, Ellie is given the biggest assignments of her career: first interviewing the Environment Secretary  and then covering the public unveiling of AirZone\'s pollution reduction plan by the head of the company, Robin Archer . But she is frustrated when Arnie interrupts the former in order to give Stanwick face-time with the minister, an act that riles MacNamara , a mysterious figure who works on behalf of Archer. At the press conference, attended by industry representatives from across Britain, Archer unveils AirZone\'s optimistic plan to reduce pollution, but her sermon is cut short by Arnie  brandishing a gun, who demands Archer reveal the truth about why people living near the plants have been dying and disappearing. She refuses, but Stanwick arrives, with Rachel in hand . Rachel, and many other Britons, have been subject to genetic experiments, forcing them to grow gill-like appendages to their necks. The AirZone Solution is not to reduce pollution, but to instead increase it and instead create a new race of humans able to breathe the polluted air. With AirZone\'s scheme revealed to the public, it collapses. MacNamara actually works for MI5 and apparently had been working against Archer from inside AirZone , and leaves saying the AirZone was a good idea, but a bad image. Out of nowhere, Threthewey appears and says that Al Dunbar would have been proud of the work done by Arnie, Ellie, and Stanwick. The origin of the Dunbar apparition, and why it appeared to Arnie and Stanwick, is left unexplained.'] ['Directed and written by Matt Nix, this short film follows the life of unnervingly happy-go-lucky Citizen 43275-B , who despite the oppressive totalitarian regime and Thought Police looks ever forward to returning home and telling \'The Big Guy\'  on the telescreen about his work-day. In much the same manner as an imaginary friend acts, \'The Big Guy\' never responds until he finally becomes fed up with Citizen 43275-B and declares that he does not like being called \'The Big Guy\' - but this intervention serves only to worsen Big Brother\'s predicament, as 43275-B enthusiastically hugs the telescreen and goes on to "amuse" him through a variety of ways: sock puppets, Boggle, hide and seek, one-sided pillow fights, and knock-knock jokes. As this further frustrates him, Big Brother finally announces the true nature of himself and society by telling 43275-B: {{cquote}} Big Brother eventually shuts off the telescreen in disgust and frustration. After several minutes, Citizen 43275-B realizes that the telescreen is not coming back on. He then retrieves a hidden cache of a notebook, pen and reading glasses, and begins to write his own guide to revolution. The appearance in the opening scenes of a volume entitled "RE-EDUCATION MANUAL" on 43275-B\'s bookshelf, references to a "re-education lectures," and the fact that he has a diary already set aside, all imply that this is not his first attempt, and suggests his behavior was deliberate.'] ['Miles Monroe , a jazz musician and owner of the \'Happy Carrot\' Health-Food store in 1973, is made subject to Cryopreservation without his consent, and not revived for 200 years. The scientists who revive him are members of a rebellion: 22nd-century America seems to be a police state ruled by a dictator, about to implement a secret plan known as the "Aires Project". The rebels hope to use Miles as a spy to infiltrate the Aires Project, because he is the only member of this society without a known biometric identity. The authorities discover the scientists\' project, and arrest them; but Miles escapes by disguising himself as a robot, and goes to work as a butler in the house of socialite Luna Schlosser . When Luna decides to have his head replaced with something more "aesthetically pleasing," Miles reveals his true identity to her; whereupon Luna threatens to give Miles to the authorities. In response, he kidnaps her and goes on the run, searching for the Aires Project. Miles and Luna fall in love; but Miles is captured and brainwashed, by which he becomes a complacent member of futuristic society, while Luna joins the rebellion. The rebels kidnap Miles and force reverse-brainwashing, whereupon he remembers his past and joins their efforts. Miles becomes jealous when he catches Luna kissing the rebel leader, Erno Windt ([[John Beck , and she tells him that she believes in free love. Miles and Luna successfully infiltrate the Aires Project, wherein they learn that the national Leader was killed by a rebel bomb ten months previously, and all that survives is his nose. The nose has been kept alive, and the members of the Aires Project, mistaking Miles and Luna for doctors, ask them to clone the leader from this single remaining part; but Miles steals the nose and "assassinates" it by dropping it in the path of a steamroller. After escaping, Miles and Luna debate their future together. He tells her that Erno will inevitably become as corrupt as the Leader. Miles and Luna confess their love for one another, but she claims that science has proven men and women cannot have meaningful relationships due to chemical incompatibilities. Miles dismisses this, saying that he does not believe in science, and Luna points out that he does not believe in God or political systems either. Luna asks Miles if there is anything he does believe in, and he responds with the famous line, "Sex and death. Two things that come once in a lifetime. But at least after death you\'re not nauseous."{{cite web}} The two embrace.'] ['In the late 1970s, the United States is no more due to a financial crisis and military coup. Major political parties have collapsed into a single Bipartisan Party, which also acts as a unified national church. The resulting fascist police state, the United Provinces, is headed by "Mr. President" . The country is kept satisfied through a stream of gory gladiatorial entertainment, including the Annual Transcontinental Death Race, a symbol of modern values and way of life. During the coast-to-coast, three-day race points are scored not just for speed, but for the number of innocent pedestrians killed during the race. Frankenstein  is the most celebrated racer and is the government\'s champion. He is supposedly part human and part machine, rebuilt after many crashes, and wears a mask because of his disfigured face. He regularly battles with the other drivers and Frankenstein\'s main foe is "Machine Gun" Joe Viterbo , who hates always being second and frequently tries to beat Frankenstein. Each race driver has a theme. Frankenstein drives a Shala Vette, a custom-built car designed by Dick Dean. Joe is a Gangster, and his truck has a giant knife and machine guns mounted on the front. Nero The Hero, a fan of the Roman Empire, drives "The Lion", a feline-shaped Fiat 850 Spider, and his navigator is Cleopatra. Matilda The Hun, a Nazi, has the "The Buzz-Bomb", a VW Karmann-Ghia shaped like V-1 flying bomb and her navigator is \'Herman The German\' Boch. Cowboy Calamity Jane\'s car resembles a bull and her navigator is named Pete. In 2000, during the 20th annual race, a resistance group led by Thomasina Paine , a descendant of 1770\'s American Revolutionist Thomas Paine, wants to assassinate Frankenstein and replace him with one of their agents. The group is assisted by Paine\'s great granddaughter Annie , Frankenstein\'s latest navigator. She plans to lure him into an ambush to be replaced by a double. The resistance\'s disruption of the race is blamed on the French. They are also blamed for ruining the country\'s economy and telephone system. It becomes clear that Frankenstein is not a willing government stooge, nor is he the only one. The current Frankenstein is one of many people trained to race in the role. "When one is used up, they bring in another," he tells Annie. The current Frankenstein also has his own plans: win the race and shake hands with Mr. President, detonating a grenade which has been implanted in his prosthetic right hand . Frankenstein successfully outmaneuvers both the rival drivers and the Resistance, and is declared the winner, although he is wounded and unable to carry out his original grenade attack plan,since Annie used the grenade to kill an attacking Joe Viterbo. Annie instead dons Frankenstein\'s disguise and plans to stab Mr. President while with him on the podium. Greeting the president as he congratulates Frankenstein , Annie is mistakenly shot and wounded by her grandmother. The real Frankenstein finally succeeds in killing the President by ramming the stage with his car. In an epilogue, Annie and Frankenstein marry. Frankenstein, now President, abolishes the race and the perverse laws of the Provinces. He does make a point, however, of running over reporter Junior Bruce , the lousy commentator of the race.'] ['A bourgeois French married couple, Roland  and Corinne , both have secret lovers and are both planning each other\'s murder. They set out by car for Corinne\'s parents\' home in the country to secure her inheritance from her dying father, by murdering him, if necessary. The trip becomes a chaotically picaresque journey through a French countryside populated by bizarre characters and punctuated by violent car accidents. After their own car is destroyed, the characters wander through a series of vignettes involving class struggle and figures from literature and history, creating an overall impression of a humorous, beautiful, but also senseless and frightening world. Godard\'s trademark intertitles intrude suddenly, cutting off and commenting on the action and the process of film viewing itself. For example, two graphics near the beginning announce that you\'re watching \'a film adrift in the cosmos\' and \'a film found on a scrap heap\'. The film is particularly well known for a single tracking shot that lasts for over 8 minutes. The shot follows a car slowly moving through a traffic jam. After eight minutes, the cause is discovered: a family has been in a car accident and their bodies lie across the road. It is a stark contrast to the beeping horns and frustrated drivers waiting to get by. Corinne and Roland eventually arrive at her parents\' place, only to find that her father has died and her mother is refusing them a share of the spoils. They kill her and set off on the road again, only to fall into the hands of a group of hippie revolutionaries supporting themselves through theft and cannibalism, in whose encampment the film ends. Julio Cortázar\'s story "La Autopista del Sur"  supposedly influenced this film. .'] ['In the midst of a nuclear war, the Builders of the underground "City of Ember" place secret instructions to future generations in a small box, timed to open in 200 years. The box is thrust into the hands of the mayor of the underground complex. Each mayor, in turn, passes the box onto his or her successor. When the box has 47 more years left on the time-lock, the mayor holding the box dies suddenly. The significance of the box had not been explained to anyone else, and the mayor\'s family places it in a junk-filled closet. When it finally reaches year 200, the time-lock clicks open, but the event goes unnoticed. For generations, the people of Ember have lived in a huge underground complex built as a refuge for humanity. It is built into a vast cavern so high that it is filled with regular-sized buildings. Far above the tops of the buildings are banks of floodlights that light the city during the day and provide light for the greenhouses. The lights are powered by a massive generator. Now it is year 247 and Ember threatens to fall into darkness as the generator begins to fail. Blackouts are occurring with increasing frequency and last longer each time. There\'s also a major shortage of canned goods and light bulbs. At a rite of passage for all graduating students called Assignment Day, the mayor  stands before the graduating students as they choose, by lottery, what their occupations will be. Lina , a young girl dreaming to be a messenger, is assigned "Pipeworks Laborer" and Doon  is assigned "Messenger". The two swap occupations. Lina goes home to find her grandmother searching for something in the closet, which turns out to be the lost metal box. Unable to piece the torn papers inside the box together, Lina nevertheless resolves to decipher their meaning and enlists Doon\'s help. As blackouts become more frequent, Lina and Doon realize that the information inside the box could lead to the salvation of Ember. Racing against time, the two follow the clues, cleverly maneuvering around corrupt politicians. During their flight, it turns out that their parents had once joined in an attempt to make their way beyond Ember - an attempt which ended when Lina\'s father drowned after their tunneler hit an underground river. The pair realizes the document is a set of instructions on how to escape the city, and they search for the hidden exit. They also discover that the mayor has been hoarding canned food in a secret room. When they report the theft, they are declared traitors. Now on the run from the mayor\'s police, the pair puts their escape plan into action. They fetch Poppy, Lina\'s younger sister, and follow the instructions, which leads them to the surface where they see and feel the natural air and sky for the first time. At first, they despair, because it is dark and they assume that they haven\'t escaped, but they do not realize it is nighttime. In the morning, as the sun rises, they gaze in amazement at the glowing sun and blue sky. They then tie a message of their discovery to a rock and drop it back down to the city, where it is found by Doon\'s father .'] ['During the prologue, a narrator  explains the story\'s premise: that in modern society, natural selection is indifferent toward intelligence, with the result that in the future, stupid people  will greatly outnumber the intelligent. As the story begins, Corporal Joe Bauers , a U.S. Army librarian, and a prostitute named Rita  are selected for a suspended animation experiment which is only supposed to last a year, but the experiment is forgotten when the officer in charge is imprisoned for having started a prostitution business of his own. Five hundred years later, when the average I.Q. has dropped to somewhere in the lower twenties, Joe and Rita\'s suspension chambers are unearthed by the collapse of an immense pile of garbage. Joe\'s suspension chamber smashes through the wall of the apartment of Frito Pendejo , who immediately throws him out for interrupting his favorite TV show, "Ow! My Balls!". Joe, suffering from a suspended animation hangover, makes his way to a hospital, where he discovers the year is 2505. He is arrested for not paying his hospital bill, and for not having a bar code tattoo. Frito turns out to be his trial lawyer, and is still mad about his broken apartment, so he makes sure that Joe is sent to jail. Meanwhile, Rita returns to her former profession. While imprisoned, Joe is renamed "Not Sure" by a faulty identity tattooing machine, and takes an I.Q. test, before easily outsmarting the prison guards and escaping. Joe returns to Frito\'s apartment to ask Frito whether a time machine exists to help him return to 2005. Frito claims to know of one, but agrees to help only after Joe promises to open a bank account under Frito\'s name in Joe\'s time, which will be worth billions of dollars by 2505. On the way to find the time machine, Joe and Frito find Rita. They arrive at a gigantic Costco store, where Frito thinks the time machine can be found. A scanner in the store identifies Joe as a fugitive by his tattoo. He is arrested again and taken to the White House to become Secretary of the Interior, on grounds that his I.Q. test identified him as the smartest man alive. In a speech, President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho  gives Joe the job of fixing the nation\'s food shortages, dust bowls, and crippled economy within a week. Joe discovers that the nation\'s crops are irrigated with a Gatorade-like sports drink named "Brawndo", whose eponymous parent corporation had earlier purchased the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Federal Communications Commission. When Joe has it replaced with water, without visibly improving the crops, Brawndo\'s stock drops to zero and computers automatically lay off half the population, causing mass riots. Joe is sentenced to die in an unfairly-matched monster truck demolition derby featuring undefeated "Rehabilitation Officer" Beef Supreme ([[Andrew Wilson . Rita discovers that Joe\'s reintroduction of water to the soil has finally prompted vegetation in the fields, Frito shows the thriving crops on the stadium\'s display screen, and the President gives Joe a full pardon. The President names Joe Vice President. Joe and Rita find that the "time machine" is a wildly inaccurate history-themed amusement ride. Joe is subsequently elected to the presidency. Joe and Rita marry and conceive the world\'s three smartest children, while Frito, now Joe\'s Vice President, takes eight wives and fathers thirty-two of the world\'s stupidest children. After the credits, a third suspension vessel releases Rita\'s former pimp, Upgrayedd, to search the future city for Rita.'] ['{{Hatnote}} In Los Angeles, November 2019, retired police officer Rick Deckard  is detained by officer Gaff  and brought to meet with his former supervisor, Bryant . Deckard, whose job as a "Blade Runner" was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and "retire"  them, is told by Bryant that several have escaped and come to Earth illegally. As Tyrell Corporation Nexus-6 models, they have only a four-year lifespan, and may have come to Earth to try to extend their lives. Deckard watches a video of another Blade Runner named Holden  administering a "Voight-Kampff" test designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their empathic response to questions. The subject of the test, Leon , shoots Holden. Bryant wants Deckard to return to work to retire Leon and three other replicants—Roy Batty , Zhora  and Pris . Deckard refuses, but after Bryant makes an overt threat, he reluctantly agrees. Sent to the Tyrell Corporation to ensure that the test works on Nexus-6 models, Deckard discovers that Tyrell\'s  assistant Rachael  is an experimental replicant who believes herself to be human; Rachael\'s consciousness has been enhanced with false memories to provide an "emotional cushion". As a result, a more extensive test is required to determine if she is a replicant. Trying to find a way to meet with Tyrell, Roy and Leon go to the eye-manufacturing laboratory of Chew , forcing him to divulge the identity of J.F. Sebastian , a gifted designer who works closely with Tyrell. Rachael visits Deckard at his apartment to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo. Dropping the photo to the floor, Rachael leaves in tears after Deckard tells her that her memories are only implants taken from a real person. Sent by Roy, Pris meets and gains the confidence of Sebastian at his apartment, where he lives with manufactured companions. While searching Leon\'s apartment, Deckard finds a photo of Zhora, and a synthetic snake scale that leads him to a strip club where Zhora works. Deckard retires Zhora, and shortly after is told by Bryant to add Rachael, who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation headquarters, to his list of retirements. Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd but is disarmed and attacked by Leon, who saw him kill Zhora. Rachael kills Leon using Deckard\'s gun, and the two return to Deckard\'s apartment, where he promises not to hunt her. Later they share an intimate moment; Rachael then tries to leave, but Deckard seduces her. Arriving at Sebastian\'s apartment, Roy tells Pris the others are dead. Sympathetic to their plight, Sebastian reveals that because of a genetic disorder that accelerates his aging, his life will also be cut short. Under a pretext, Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrell\'s secure penthouse, where Roy demands more life from his maker. Told that this has proved to be impossible, Roy confesses that he has done "questionable things". Tyrell dismisses Roy\'s guilt, praising Roy\'s advanced design and his accomplishments. Responding "Nothing the god of biomechanics wouldn\'t let you into heaven for", Roy kisses Tyrell, then kills him. Sebastian runs for the elevator followed by Roy, who rides the elevator down alone. Upon entering Sebastian\'s apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Pris, but manages to kill her just as Roy returns. Roy fights Deckard without using his full strength against him. Eventually Deckard is hanging from a rooftop. Just as he is about to fall, Roy saves him. His life ending, Roy delivers a monologue on how his memories are about to be lost and dies in front of Deckard, who watches silently. Gaff arrives and, referring to Rachael, shouts to Deckard "It\'s too bad she won\'t live, but then again, who does?" Deckard returns to his apartment to find Rachael alive and sleeping in his bed; as they leave, Deckard finds a small tin-foil unicorn, a calling card left by his origami-making partner Gaff. Depending on the version, Deckard and Rachael either leave the apartment block to an uncertain future, or drive through an idyllic pastoral landscape.'] ["Set in an unspecified country, Stowe's character is taken from her home in the middle of the night, accused of embedding anarchistic messages into her book, entitled Closet Land. The book is a story about a child who, as a result of bad behaviour, has been locked in a closet as punishment. While in there, the child is greeted by a group of childhood ally archetypes who innocently attempt to comfort the scared little girl. The seemingly simple content is questioned by the government, which accuses the author of encouraging and introducing anarchism among its audience of naïve children. While the interrogator is obstinate in his belief that the author is guilty of hidden propaganda, the audience is convinced of the victim's innocence. The audience later learns that the novel was actually created as a form of escapism, providing a coping mechanism for the author, who endured sexual abuse as a child. Near the end of the film, the interrogator claims that he was the man who had sexually abused the author in her childhood. But one cannot be entirely sure he was the one who abused her, as the film suggests he was just using the abuse against her as a way of breaking her down."] ['The evil alien Ro-Man Extension XJ-2  has destroyed all human life on Earth, except for eight humans, using the "Calcinator Death Ray". The survivors include an elderly scientist, his wife, two daughters and son, his young assistant and two pilots taking a spacecraft to an orbiting space platform. All eight have developed an immunity to the death ray since receiving an experimental antibiotic serum developed by the scientist. Ro-Man must complete the destruction of all humans, even if it means physically killing them one by one, before his mission to subjugate the Earth is complete. After fruitless negotiations, he destroys the rocket ship headed for the orbiting platform with a laser. He later strangles the youngest daughter, Carla, off-screen and tosses the assistant scientist Roy over a cliff. His mission is waylaid, though, after he develops illogical attraction for Alice, the eldest daughter. He refuses to eliminate her, forcing the alien leader, "The Great Guidance", to personally finish the genocide by killing Ro-Man right after he kills Johnny, the young son. He then releases prehistoric dinosaurs and a massive earthquake, rendering the scientist, his wife and Alice as the only humans left. Ultimately the youngest family member, the son, wakes up after suffering a mild concussion, revealing that the film had presumably all been a dream. However, The Great Guidance is then seen coming out of a cave .'] ['{{Plot|date The Customer Is Always Right   That Yellow Bastard   The Hard Goodbye  The Big Fat Kill  That Yellow Bastard   The Customer Is Always Right   An injured Becky departs from a hospital, talking on a cell phone with her mother. In the elevator she encounters The Salesman, dressed as a doctor. He offers her a cigarette, calling her by name, as she abruptly ends the call with her mother. Her fate is never revealed.'] ["In 2415, after a virus in 2011 wiped out 99% of the Earth's population, all of the survivors inhabit Bregna, a walled city-state, which is ruled by a congress of scientists. Although Bregna is idyllic, people are routinely disappearing and everyone is suffering from bad dreams. Æon Flux is a member of the 'Monicans', an underground rebel organization who communicate through telepathy-enabling technology and are led by The Handler. After a mission to destroy a surveillance station, Æon comes home to find her sister Una has been killed for being mistaken for a Monican. When Æon is sent on a mission to kill the government's leader, Trevor Goodchild, she discovers that both she and the Monicans are being manipulated by council members in a secret coup. This discovery causes Æon to question the origins of everyone in Bregna; and in particular, her own personal connection to Trevor. It turns out that everyone in Bregna is actually a clone, grown from recycled DNA. With the dead constantly being reborn into new individuals and still bearing partial memories of their previous lives, there has been an increase in the troubling dreams. Recycling and cloning became necessary since the original viral antidote made humans infertile. Trevor's ongoing experiments, as with all his clone ancestors, has been trying to reverse the infertility. Æon learns that she is a clone of the original Trevor's wife, Katherine and is the first Katherine clone in over 400 years. One of Trevor's experiments, Una, was successful as she became pregnant. However, Trevor's brother, Oren Goodchild, had her killed and all of Trevor's research destroyed so he could stay in power. In a confrontation with Trevor and Æon, Oren reveals that humanity itself has corrected the problem and that some women were becoming naturally pregnant. Oren had them all killed to maintain the Goodchild reign. Æon is now forced to go up against both her former allies, who want to kill Trevor, and Oren. She manages to convince the other Monicans to ignore The Handler and help her instead to kill Oren and his men. Æon goes to destroy the facility where the cloning DNA is stored - The Relicle, a dirigible constantly floating in the sky. There she meets the old man who monitors everything. She also discovers he preserved her DNA for years, even though Oren ordered it to be destroyed so Katherine could not influence Trevor in any way. The dirigible crashes into the city wall breaking it down to reveal, for the first time in centuries, a lush and fertile land as opposed to the wasteland they were taught about."] ['In a future dystopia, Aram Fingal  is a lowly programmer working for Novicorp. Arts are prohibited and he is caught watching the classic film Casablanca  on his workstation. To rehabilitate him, the company transfers his mind  into a wild baboon . For a few minutes, Julia narrates over footage of wild animals . Eventually, Fingal begins to enjoy his baboon existence until he finds his peaceful perch in a tree threatened by an elephant shaking it for fruit. He then activates an escape clause that is supposed to return his mind to his original body. Unknown to Fingal, however, his body has been accidentally tagged for transfer to separate wing for a sex change, and with the computer unable to return him to his body, Fingal’s mind must be kept active by storing it in Novicorp’s central computer — the HX368, which controls everything from finances to the weather — until his body is located. His mind can only be maintained in such a way for a limited time before it is destroyed, forming one of the central plot points of the film. Fingal\'s disappearance is reported to a rival corporation. The news is broadcast worldwide, causing Novicorp\'s share price to crash. Majority shareholders force Novicorp\'s Chairman  to divert resources to keep Fingal alive and find his body. Apollonia , a computer controller, is assigned to locate Fingal and keep him from hacking into Novicorp’s mainframe. With Apollonia’s help, Fingal creates a virtual world where he encounters characters from Casablanca, including a version of Humphrey Bogart’s character, Rick . Over time he grows bored  and plots to bring down Novicorp’s finances without being removed and, thus, killed. Apollonia tries to keep Fingal out of trouble, placing her in opposition with Novicorp’s leaders, especially when she finds herself falling in love with Fingal and develops a conflict of interest. With Apollonia’s considerable help, Fingal eventually “interfaces” with the mainframe and defeats his antagonists. He also returns to his body, which has been discovered before undergoing the aforementioned sex change operation. Finally corporeal and reunited with his accomplice, Fingal and Apollonia experience a traditional happy ending, with Fingal having taken complete control of the HX368. After ordering bonuses and stocks for every employee, committing Novicorp\'s Chairman to a month of "compulsory rehab" via doppeling and changing both his and Apollonia\'s identity to Rick and Ilsa , the characters from Casablanca, Fingal, who by now has absolute and total access to and control of the system, vows to fight against the dystopian government. The film ends with the new couple walking out the door and, now free from Novicorp\'s oppression, talk about opening a club on the other side of town: Rick\'s Place.'] ['In 2009, Adrian Helmsley , an American geologist, visits astrophysicist Dr. Satnam Tsurutani  in India and learns that neutrinos from a massive solar flare are causing the temperature of the Earth\'s core to increase rapidly. Adrian gives a report on this to White House Chief of Staff Carl Anheuser  who ends up taking Adrian to meet the President of the United States. In 2010, President Thomas Wilson  and other international leaders begin a secret project to ensure humanity\'s survival. Approximately 400,000 people are chosen to board "arks" that are constructed at Cho Ming, Tibet, in the Himalayas. At the same time as the People\'s Liberation Army are gathering volunteers, a Buddhist monk named Nima  is evacuated while his brother Tenzin  joins the workers in the Ark project. Additional funding for the project is raised by selling tickets to the private sector for €1&nbsp;billion per person. By 2011, humanity\'s valuable treasures are moved to the Alps under the guise of protecting them from terrorist attacks with the help of art expert and First Daughter Dr. Laura Wilson . In 2012, Jackson Curtis  is a science fiction writer in Los Angeles who works part-time as a limousine driver for the Russian billionaire, Yuri Karpov . Jackson\'s ex-wife, Kate  and their children Noah  and Lilly  live with Kate\'s boyfriend, plastic surgeon Gordon Silberman ([[Thomas McCarthy . Jackson takes Noah and Lilly camping in Yellowstone National Park. After an encounter with Helmsley, they meet Charlie Frost , who hosts a radio show from the park. Charlie plays a video of Charles Hapgood\'s theory that polar shifts and the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar predict that the 2012 phenomenon will occur. He has a map of the ark project in addition to information about officials and scientists from around the world who were murdered after planning to alert the public. The family returns home as seismic activity violently increases along the San Andreas Fault. Jackson grows suspicious and rents a plane to rescue his family. He collects his family and Gordon as the Earth crust displacement begins, and they narrowly escape Los Angeles as the city sinks into the Pacific Ocean. As millions die in catastrophic earthquakes and tsunamis worldwide, the group flies to Yellowstone to retrieve Charlie\'s map, escaping as the Yellowstone Caldera erupts. Charlie stays behind to broadcast the eruption and is killed. Learning that the arks are in China, the group lands in a devastated Las Vegas to find a larger plane. They run into Yuri, his twin sons Alec and Oleg , girlfriend Tamara  and pilot Sasha . The group secures an Antonov An-500  aircraft and they depart for China. Also heading for the arks aboard Air Force One are Anheuser, Helmsley and Laura Wilson. President Wilson remains in Washington, D.C. to address the nation one last time. With the Vice President dead and the Speaker of the House missing, Anheuser assumes de facto leadership. President Wilson is later killed by a megatsunami that sends the aircraft carrier USS John F. Kennedy crashing into the White House. Arriving in China in a crash landing that kills Sasha, the group is spotted by helicopters from the People\'s Liberation Army, carrying animals for the Arks. Yuri and his sons, possessing tickets, are taken to the arks, leaving Tamara and the others behind. They are picked up by Nima and are taken to the arks with his grandparents . They stow away on Ark 3 with the help of Tenzin. As a megatsunami approaches the site, an impact driver becomes lodged in the gears of the ark\'s hydraulics doors, preventing a boarding gate from closing and keeping the ship from starting its engines. In the ensuing chaos, Yuri, Gordon and Tamara are killed, Tenzin is wounded, and Ark 3 is set adrift. Jackson and Noah dislodge the impact driver and the crew regains control of the ark before it collides with Mount Everest. After flood waters from the tsunamis recede, the arks travel to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa where the Drakensberg Mountains have risen to become the tallest mountains in the world. Jackson is rejoined with his family, and Helmsley starts a relationship with Laura.'] ['Set in a dystopian future, 2017, ex-army officer John Henry Brennick  and his wife Karen  are attempting to cross the US-Canada border to Vancouver to have a second child. Strict one-child policies forbid a second pregnancy, but the couple believe they are justified because their first child died at birth. Brennick is caught  and sentenced to 31 years in a private maximum security prison run by the "MenTel Corporation". To maintain discipline all inmates are implanted with "Intestinators" which induce severe pain or death, for serious infractions, as a form of physical control and mental conditioning. The prison is co-run by Director Poe , who oversees Zed-10, a computer that monitors day-to-day activities and represents MenTel. The prison itself is located over a deep pit that can only be crossed by a retractable bridge, while the prisoners are kept in overcrowded cells secured by laser walls. John is imprisoned with inmates Abraham, who is awaiting parole; D-Day, a machine and demolitions expert; Nino Gomez and Stiggs, a tough inmate who tries to extort John. John also learns his wife has been captured and is held in another level with his unborn child who, being illegal, is now officially owned by the MenTel Corporation and will be confiscated at birth. Stiggs has a friend called Maddox ([[Vernon Wells  who intimidates John and the two are involved in a violent brawl which culminates with Maddox being shot by a security turret. John manages to grab Maddox\'s intestinator and gives it to D-Day before he is taken away to be subjected to a mind-wipe procedure as punishment for the incident. Poe, infatuated with Karen, tells her that if she lives with him he will treat John well and releases him from the mindwipe chamber. She accepts, resolving to help John as best she can. She takes a diamond map  and gives it to Abraham to pass on to John. She tells Abraham that Poe was never going to grant parole and was only using the incentive to control him. Karen manages to use her access to the prison computer in Poe\'s quarters to help John by restoring him from his mind-wiped state. Meanwhile in their cell, D-Day dismantles Maddox\'s intestinator and uses a magnetic component to pull out the others\' intestinators. During their next work shift John\'s group puts their Intestinators in an air-duct and stage a brawl, causing Zed to trigger the devices blowing the duct open. Poe promptly flushes the duct with steam and sends in "Strike Clones", which are revealed to be cyborgs . Stiggs surrenders and is shot but the rest of the group kill a Strike Clone, steal its weapon and use it to kill the remaining clones. Poe, alerted by Zed, orders Karen to taken away for a fatal Caesarean and strangles Abraham. Hijacking one of the gun turrets, using it as an elevator, they travel to Zed\'s control room. John takes Poe hostage and orders him to release Karen. Poe gives the order but Zed states that MenTel does not negotiate in hostage situations and a gun turret shoots Poe. D-Day hacks into Zed and accesses a virus confiscated at the start of his sentence. D-Day manages to activate the virus after being fatally shot, causing a complete systems crash and all automated security to fail. John and Gomez rescuing Karen and hijack a truck and escape to Mexico. In a final showdown  the truck stages an attack while Karen is giving birth. Gomez is mown down and John\'s shooting causes the flaming truck to veer into the barn where Karen is. She somehow survives and has given birth to their child.'] ['On August 23, 2000, an earthquake strikes Los Angeles, causing the San Fernando Valley to flood and turning a portion of California into an island, from Malibu to Anaheim. An American presidential candidate , who is also an outspoken Christian theocrat, has been saying that L.A. is a "city of sin", and that, "Like the mighty hand of God, waters will rise up and separate this sinful, sinful city, from our country". The candidate is shortly elected President and, by an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, his term is made permanent. The President\'s new policies include relocating the capital from Washington, D.C. to his hometown of Lynchburg, Virginia, and declaring that anyone not conforming to the new "Moral America" laws he creates  will be deported to Los Angeles Island or can choose death by electrocution as an alternative. A containment wall is built around the island with armed guards and watchtowers posted, and those sent to the island are exiled permanently. In 2013, Cuervo Jones , a Shining Path Peruvian Revolutionary, seduces the President\'s daughter, Utopia , via a holographic system and brainwashes her into stealing her father\'s remote control to the "Sword of Damocles" super weapon&mdash;a series of satellites capable of destroying electronics anywhere on the planet, driving target areas back into the Dark Ages. The President intends to use the system to destroy America\'s enemies\' "ability to function", and eventually dominate the world. While traveling aboard Air Force Three, Utopia leaves the plane in an escape pod and lands on L.A. Island to join Cuervo. With the satellites under his control, Cuervo promises to take back America with the assistance of an allied invasion force of third world nations that are standing by to attack. He claims that if the President tries to stop him, he will "pull the plug" on the country and black out the capital. In addition, Cuervo also knows the secret world code that can knock out power for the entire planet. Snake Plissken is captured for another series of crimes and is scheduled to be exiled to the island. Upon his arrival for deportation, he meets the President and is offered the mission of retrieving the weapon in exchange for a full pardon for all the crimes Snake has ever committed, if he is successful. The President indicates he does not care whether Utopia is returned or not, declaring her a traitor. To ensure Snake\'s compliance, he is infected with the man-made Plutoxin 7 virus that will kill him within ten hours. If he completes the mission, Snake will be given an antidote and cured of the virus. After acquiring all of the necessary equipment and making his way across the island via personal submarine, Snake meets "Map to the Stars" Eddie , a swindler who sells interactive tours of L.A. Shortly after a failed attempt at retrieving the device from Cuervo, Snake meets up with his old friend Carjack Malone, who has since become the transsexual gang leader Hershe Las Palmas . Together with Hershe and her gang, Snake stages a final assault on Cuervo\'s forces. Snake defeats Cuervo at his staging area of The Happy Kingdom By The Sea and takes the remote control. He leaves the island with Utopia and some other Cuervo resistors in a helicopter. Eddie mortally wounds Cuervo, but the revolutionary fires a rocket launcher at the helicopter. Seeing the incoming rocket, Eddie leaps off the aircraft, landing on an awning. The rocket hits the helicopter and kills those in the back of the chopper; Snake and Utopia bail out before it crashes. When the President\'s men reach the crash site, Snake intentionally hands off the wrong remote to the President while Utopia is taken to the electric chair, despite her pleas for forgiveness. The Plutoxin 7 virus is revealed to be nothing more than a fast, hard-hitting case of the flu. The President tries using the satellites to stop a Cuban invasion force threatening Florida. Activating the remote, the President hears only Eddie\'s "Map to the Stars" intro over "I Love L.A.". The President orders Snake\'s execution, but Snake tricks him and his troops by using a holographic illusion of himself. Seeing the problem of one man having such power over the world, Snake activates the real control device and enters the world code, against the President\'s pleas to stop. Within seconds, all technology worldwide is shut down by the satellites; as a result, Utopia is saved since she can\'t be electrocuted. On another side of the forest, Snake discovers a pack of American Spirit cigarettes on the ground and lights one up. He stares at the lit match and the viewer before extinguishing it and saying, "Welcome to the human race."'] ['The Rider arrives on his advanced motorcycle with its artificial intelligence computer Einstein. He crashes but manages to pass through the \'wall of illusion\' and is found and brought back to health by the Enlightened Elders. They have chosen him to lead their fight against the evil Omega, an Orwellian state run by the evil Prossor. The Elders are allied with the resistance movement, the Outsiders. The Rider first helps Nastasia and the other Outsiders by rescuing McWayne, Nastasia\'s father and leader of the Outsiders. While the Rider and McWayne successfully escape, Nastasia is captured and tortured by Prossor. The Rider gains acceptance from various Marginals  by winning in the ritual brawl which determines who is the strongest. The Rider and the Outsiders launch their final attack on Prossor\'s regime, but are intercepted by the Omegas and a giant armored truck, called Megaweapon. As the rebels destroy the Omega patrols with their cars , helicopters and tankers, the Rider manages to destroy the Megaweapon by short circuiting it, but not before his speedcycle is destroyed under the truck\'s wheels. The Rider and McWayne storm Prossor\'s headquarters where they face the dictator and a brainwashed Nastasia. She wounds the Rider, but when ordered to kill her father, she rebels, turns on Prossor and shoots him instead. The Omega has been overthrown and the Outsiders and Marginals celebrate as the Rider prepares to move on with his repaired speedcycle. In a last-minute twist, it is revealed that the man Nastasia shot was actually a cyborg clone and the real Prossor is still alive. He flies away with an unnamed traitor of the New Way  plotting revenge against the "animals" that defeated him.'] ['A nameless unemployed drifter, referred to as "Nada" , finds construction work in Los Angeles and befriends fellow worker Frank Armitage , who leads him to a local shantytown soup kitchen. There Nada notices strange activity around the church; a blind preacher rouses others to awaken, a police helicopter scouts them overhead and a homeless drifter  complains when the TV signal is continually interrupted by a bearded man informing about those in power. Nada discovers the church is a front: the choir is actually an audio recording next to scientific apparatus, while cardboard boxes fill the room. Nada finds another box hidden in the wall but escapes when the preacher catches him. At night, police bulldoze the shantytown and attack its fleeing inhabitants. Nada returns in the morning to find the church empty, but procures the untouched hidden box. At an alleyway he opens it to find it contains black sunglasses and takes a pair. Nada discovers the sunglasses are special; looking through them he sees the reality of the bleak world. The media and advertising actually contain totalitarian commands of obedience and conformity in consumerism, to control an unwitting human population . Many with authority and wealth are actually humanoid aliens with grotesque skull-like faces. At a store Nada confronts an alien woman and she speaks into a wristwatch notifying others about him. Two alien police officers apprehend Nada but he kills them, taking their guns and going on a shooting spree against aliens in a bank, while one vanishes using its wristwatch. Nada escapes, destroying an alien flying camera and taking Cable 54 assistant director Holly Thompson  hostage. At her hill-top home, Nada tries convincing her of the truth while suffering a headache from the glasses. Instead, Holly knocks him through her window and calls the police. Nada tumbles down and escapes, leaving his belongings behind. Nada returns to the alleyway and saves the sunglasses box from a garbage truck. Frank meets him to hand him his wage, but wishes for no further involvement as Nada is now a wanted man. Nada is forced to fistfight Frank to make him wear the glasses. After he finally does, the two rent a hotel to discuss their predicament. Gilbert , a member of the shantytown, notifies them about a secret meeting with other activists. There, Nada and Frank are given updated contact lenses to replace their glasses. They learn from the bearded man\'s broadcast that the aliens control Earth as their third world, causing global warming as they deplete its resources before moving onto other planets. The aliens use a signal to camouflage themselves; destroying its source will allow everyone on Earth to see their true form. Frank is given an alien wristwatch, a complex radio and teleportation device. Holly appears, apparently joining the cause and apologizes to Nada. However the police attack the meeting, killing anyone in sight, while Nada and Frank are cornered fighting their way out. Frank accidentally opens a temporary portal by throwing the watch, through which the two jump into a network of underground passages. The two find the aliens in a grand hall celebrating with their elite human collaborators. The homeless drifter from earlier, now a well-dressed collaborator, believes the two to be collaborators as well. He takes them on a tour of the passages, revealed to link the alien society, including a space travel port. A further passage leads to the basement of Cable 54 station: the source of the signal. The collaborator escapes by teleporting as the two attack their way through the building to find the broadcaster on the roof, meeting Holly and taking her along. As Nada climbs to the signal broadcaster, disguised as a satellite dish, Holly kills Frank. Revealed to be a collaborator, she takes aim at Nada along with an alien police helicopter, persuading him to stop. Nada drops his gun, but then retrieves a hidden pistol from his sleeve and kills Holly. He then shoots and destroys the broadcaster before being killed by the aliens, giving them the finger as his last gesture. With the signal destroyed, humans discover the aliens in their midst.'] ['Unicom is a powerful organization overseeing most of the world after its economic collapse. They have banned computers and robots in an attempt to ensure "life, liberty, and the pursuit of economic stability." When a Unicom Synth robot infiltrates a southwest TV station and kills the manager, a revolutionary against the gestapo-like corporation, a lowly Unicom delivery man must help the rest of the station survive through the incoming "thermal storm."'] ['Mario and Luigi Mario are two Italian American plumbers living in Brooklyn, New York. The brothers are being driven out of business by the mafia-like Scapelli Construction Company, led by contractor Anthony Scapelli. Mario is the elder of the two brothers, being close to his late 30\'s, and Luigi is in his mid 20\'s. Luigi falls in love with an orphaned NYU student, Daisy, who is digging under the Brooklyn Bridge for dinosaur bones. After a date, she takes Luigi to the dig and witnesses Scapelli\'s men  sabotage it by leaving the water-pipes open. Luigi tries to stop it but he does not have his tools on him so he cannot fix it. They rush back to his apartment where they inform Mario about the incident. The three go back to the flooding and the brothers manage to fix it but are knocked out by two strange characters, Iggy and Spike, who proceed to kidnap Daisy. Mario and Luigi awaken a minute later and head deeper into the caves following Daisy\'s screams and discover an interdimensional portal through which Mario and Luigi follow Daisy. They find themselves in a strange dystopian parallel world where a human-like race evolved from dinosaurs rather than the mammalian ancestry of true humans. Sixty-five million years ago, a meteorite crashed into the Earth and in doing so ripped the universe into two parallel dimensions. All the surviving dinosaurs of the time crossed over into this new realm. Iggy and Spike turn out to be henchmen  of the other world\'s germophobic and obsessive dictator, King Koopa, descended from the T-Rex. However, the two have failed to also bring Daisy\'s rock, a meteorite fragment which Koopa is trying to get in order to merge his world with the real world that separated from Koopa\'s world during the meteor strike. It turns out that Daisy is the Princess of the other dimension but when Koopa overthrew Daisy\'s father , Daisy\'s mother took her to New York using the inter-dimensional portal. The portal was then destroyed, killing Daisy\'s mother in the process, but when Scapelli was blasting at the cave, the portal was reopened. When Koopa hears about the re-opening of the portal, he sends Spike and Iggy to find Daisy and the rock to merge the dimensions and make Koopa dictator of both worlds. Spike and Iggy, however, who had grown more intelligent after being subjected to one of Koopa\'s experiments, decide to turn on Koopa and join forces with Mario and Luigi. Koopa thinks only Daisy can merge the worlds, but Mario and Luigi were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Daisy is eventually rescued by the plumbers. Eventually, the two worlds merge and Koopa inadvertently devolves Scapelli into a primate while aiming for Mario, but Luigi and Daisy take back the rock and the worlds separate again. Mario confronts Koopa and eventually wins when he and Luigi devolve him, transforming him into a ferocious, semi-humanoid Tyrannosaurus. Koopa then leaps out for a final attack but Mario and Luigi destroy him by devolving him into primeval slime. Daisy\'s father turns back to normal and reclaims control over the kingdom stating he loves those plumbers. The citizens destroy anything involving Koopa. As the brothers return home, Luigi and Daisy admit their love for one another but Daisy cannot return to New York until the damage caused by Koopa is reversed and she spends more time with her father. Mario rephrases Daisy\'s words to Luigi but he does not care. A deeply hurt and saddened Luigi kisses her goodbye and the two brothers return to New York, while Daisy watches them leave. About three weeks later, Daisy returns for Mario and Luigi\'s help in fighting more villains. Meanwhile, Mario and Luigi\'s story is televised, giving them the name; "Super Mario Bros". In a post-credits scene, two Nintendo executives talk about a video game based on their adventures but they are asking Iggy and Spike instead of the Super Mario Bros. and they decide on a title called "The Super Koopa Cousins".'] ['In a dystopian 1988, crime in the United States has increased 400%, so the island of Manhattan has been converted into a giant maximum security prison. A 50-foot containment wall surrounds the island, and mines have been placed on all the bridges and tunnels to the island. The surrounding waters are patrolled and no civilians, even prison guards, are allowed to step foot on the island. Nine years later , while traveling to a three-way summit between the United States, the Soviet Union, and China, Air Force One is hijacked by a terrorist disguised as a stewardess. The plane crashes into Manhattan, but the President  makes it to an escape pod and survives. The inmates take him hostage and order all recovery forces to leave Manhattan immediately or they will kill him. Police Commissioner Bob Hauk  offers a deal to special forces soldier turned criminal "Snake" Plissken : If he rescues the president and retrieves a secret cassette tape within 24 hours, Hauk will give him a full pardon. When Plissken reluctantly agrees to attempt the rescue, Hauk has him injected with microscopic explosives that will rupture his carotid arteries in 24 hours. The explosives can only be defused in the last 15 minutes before they detonate, ensuring that Snake does not abandon his mission. If he returns with the President and the tape in time for the summit, Hauk will save him.  Snake lands atop the World Trade Center in a stealth glider, and locates the plane wreckage and escape pod. He tracks the President\'s life-monitor bracelet signal to a theater, only to find it on the wrist of an old man. He meets an inmate nicknamed "Cabbie" , who takes Snake to see Harold "Brain" Hellman , who has made the New York Public Library his personal fortress. Brain, who knows Snake, tells him that the self-proclaimed "Duke of New York" , has the President and plans to lead a mass escape across the mined and heavily guarded 69th Street Bridge, using the President as a human shield. Snake forces Brain and his girlfriend Maggie  to lead him to the Duke\'s compound at Grand Central Station. Snake finds the President in a railroad car, but he is captured by the Duke\'s men. While Snake is forced to fight with a prisoner named Slag , Brain and Maggie trick the Duke\'s right-hand man Romero  into letting them see the President. Once inside, they kill Romero and the guards, free the President, and flee. When the Duke learns this, he is furious and rounds up his gang to chase them down. In the confusion, Snake slips away and manages to catch up with Brain, Maggie and the President. After a group of crazies cuts the ropes on Snake\'s glider and push it off the top of the World Trade Center, the group heads back down and encounters Cabbie, who offers to take them across the bridge in his cab. When Cabbie reveals that he has the secret tape, the President demands it, but Snake takes it. With the Duke chasing in another car, Snake and the others drive over the mine-strewn bridge. The cab is destroyed by a land mine and Cabbie is killed. As they flee on foot, Brain is killed by a mine and Maggie refuses to leave him, taking Snake\'s gun and firing several shots at the Duke\'s approaching car before he runs her over. Snake and the President reach the wall, and the guards raise the President on a rope. The Duke kills the guards and attacks Snake, but the President shoots the Duke dead. Snake is lifted to safety, and the explosives are deactivated with seconds to spare. As the President prepares for a televised speech, he thanks Snake for saving him. Snake asks him how he feels about the people who died saving his life, but the President only offers half-hearted regret, to Snake\'s disgust. Hauk tries to offer Snake a job, but he refuses and walks away. The President\'s speech commences and he offers the content of the cassette to the summit; but to the President\'s embarrassment, the tape has been switched for a cassette of the swing song "Bandstand Boogie," Cabbie\'s favorite song. Snake receives his pardon and leaves the prison, tearing apart the real tape.'] ['In the year 2009, the super-wealthy gain immortality by hiring "bonejackers," mercenaries who use time travel technology to snatch people from the past, just prior to their deaths. Their bodies are then taken over by the rich to extend their lives. Those who escape bonejacking, known as "freejacks," are considered less than human under the law. In this dystopic future most people suffer from poor physical health as a result of rampant drug use and environmental pollution, making them unattractive as replacement bodies. Alex Furlong  is a professional racecar driver who is about to die in a spectacular 1991 crash, witnessed by his fiancée Julie Redlund  and agent Brad , when a time machine snatches him from the car and into the wasteland that is the 21st century Bronx. When Furlong\'s captors – led by mercenary Victor Vacendak - are ambushed by a hit squad, Furlong escapes. Having no idea what happened, he tries to find Julie, but she no longer lives at her 1991 address. He takes shelter at a church, where a sympathetic  nun  explains what has happened to him. She also provides him with clothing, food, and a handgun. Alex finds his former agent Brad, but Brad immediately sells him out, getting killed in the process. He then finds Julie, but she calls security, believing him to be "the bastard who stole [Alex\'s] body." When Vacendak shows up, she realizes that Alex is actually her Alex. She goes to Ian McCandless to try and help Alex escape the city. McCandless promises that he will help secure Alex\'s escape. However, it is a trap- Vacendak and his men try again capture Alex, but he manages to defeat the mercenaries and holds Vacendak at gunpoint. Alex demands that he be told who wants his body; Vacendak finally tells him that McCandless himself wants Alex\'s body. Because Alex saved his life earlier, Vacendak gives him a chance to run and Julie steals an armored vehicle used by the bonejackers. Furlong and Julie manage to evade Vacendak\'s security guards and McCandless\' police force. But they also find the have to deal the private guards of McCandless\' corporate executive officer Mr. Michelette, who wants McCandless\' job. He is responsible for the ambush that allowed Alex to escape in the first place. Alex then pretends to take Julie hostage and negotiates with Michelette. Alex hopes they don\'t know about his past relationship with Julie. But, it turns out that Michelette saw footage of Julie\'s grief after the 1991 accident. He immediately fires Julie on the spot. Alex and Julie escape the meeting, hoping to flee through the lobby, but they are thwarted by a gunfight between the security guards and mercenaries. Their elevator takes them to the penthouse, where McCandless\' mind is stored. A hologram of McCandless explains why he wants Furlong\'s body – so he could show his love for Julie. Apologizing, he offers to let Alex run the company while pretending to be McCandless. Just then Vacendak arrives and McCandless reveals he was only stalling for time. Alex, forced into the transfer machine, protests "You don\'t need a new body, you need a new soul, and your machine can\'t give you that!" Just as the transfer process begins, Michellette stumbles in, wounded from fighting Vacendak\'s soldiers. In the confusion, Julie grabs a soldier\'s gun and shoots the processing crystal used by the transfer computers. The transfer results are deemed inconclusive since no one knows if McCandless controls Furlong\'s body. McCandless\' scientists cannot tell and conclude that McCandless will have to identify himself. Michellette agrees, revealing that only McCandless will know his own personal i.d. code- a code that Alex wouldn\'t know. Vacendak receives a handheld computer which displays McCandless\' code- he instructs "Alex" to tell him what it is. Alex responds by saying the code slowly, and Vacendak asks him to continue. Michelette concludes that the transfer was completed and tries to kill Alex, but is gunned down by Vacendak and his men. Furlong remarks about how well he feels in his "new" body, before ordering Julie to dress more appropriately. A while later, Furlong and Julie go for a drive. Vacendak stops them as the car leaves the estate. It turns out that the transfer was not complete after all; Furlong got McCandless\' secret number wrong, though Vacendak went along with it. He simply waited until Furlong made a mistake: McCandless did not know how to drive. Vacendak admonishes Julie that "you\'ll have to coach him better than that", then leaves while Alex and Julie speed away.'] ['Libria is governed by the Tetragrammaton Council, which is led by a reclusive figurehead known as "Father" . Father never interacts with anyone directly, but he is seen on giant video screens throughout the city. The Tetragrammaton Council uses the police to enforce conformity. At the pinnacle of Librian law enforcement are the Grammaton Clerics, who are trained in the martial art of gun kata. The Clerics raid the "Nether" region outside the city, where they destroy emotionally stimulating materials such as art, books and music, executing the people hiding them. Despite their efforts, a resistance movement, known as the "Underground", has emerged.  John Preston  is a high ranking Grammaton Cleric and a widower with two children whose wife, Viviana , was executed for "Sense Offense". After a raid, Preston notices his partner, Errol Partridge , taking a book of poems instead of incinerating them. Realizing Partridge is keeping the book, Preston tracks him down and executes him. Before he dies, Partridge says that all the consequences of feeling are a "cost he would pay gladly". The next morning Preston accidentally breaks his daily vial of Prozium, and as he does not have an immediate replacement he begins to experience emotions. Upon gaining replacement vials, he decides against taking them and instead hides them behind the mirror in his bathroom. Preston is partnered with career-conscious Brandt . Together, they arrest Mary O\'Brien , for sense offense. Preston\'s emotional confusion is exacerbated during her interrogation. Without Prozium Preston finds it difficult keeping an emotionless facade in front of his son  and his suspicious partner. Preston forges an emotional connection with O\'Brien and he feels remorse for killing Partridge, especially after he finds out that Partridge and O\'Brien were lovers. He eventually contacts the Resistance and is then summoned before Vice-Counsel DuPont  who reveals there is a traitor in the clerics. DuPont tells him to exterminate the Resistance and to find the traitor. The Resistance convinces him to assassinate Father to start a revolution. They plan to disrupt Prozium production which will then lead to an uprising by the populace. After Preston fails to stop Mary O\'Brien\'s execution he is caught having an emotional breakdown by Brandt, who arrests him and brings him before the Vice-Counsel. After tricking DuPont into believing that Brandt is the real traitor, Preston rushes home to destroy the hidden vials of unused Prozuim, but finds that his son - who reveals that he stopped taking Prozium after his mother died - has already destroyed the unused vials. As planned, the leaders of the Resistance are captured and Preston is granted an exclusive audience with Father. Father actually turns out to be DuPont, who replaced the original Father after his death. Preston goes on a rampage, fighting his way to DuPont\'s office, which is filled with artwork and ornate furniture, all illegal items. It is revealed that Brandt was not arrested but was part of a ruse to expose Preston. It also becomes clear that DuPont does not take Prozium and has been reading poetry. DuPont taunts him, asking Preston how it felt to betray the Underground. Preston kills all of DuPont\'s bodyguards, and defeats Brandt in a katana battle. Preston and DuPont finally fight in a gun kata battle in which Preston wins. DuPont tries to convince Preston to spare him, asking if taking his life is worth the emotion of knowing he killed someone who is "feeling" and knows how beautiful life can be. Preston repeats Partridge\'s last words and announces that he gladly will pay the cost, shooting DuPont in the chest. He then destroys the propaganda communication control systems, freezing all of the indoctrination propaganda everyone had been subjected to all their lives. The Underground blows up the Prozium manufacturing and storage facilities, while scores of rebels successfully attack key points throughout the city. Preston quietly watches the overthrow of the government from DuPont\'s office, holding O\'Brien\'s red ribbon and smiling.'] ['{{Plot}}  In an alternate universe, people are addicted to an illegal simulation video game called Avalon. Despite its popularity, the game can leave a player catatonic. One player in the game, Ash , witnesses civilians being attacked by a group of ZSU-23-4 tanks. Sneaking up on the tank, Ash grabs the machine gun and kills a group of players. A chopper bombs and kills the populace, then disappears. Ash teleports to the plains, and a chopper appears and kills several players. Meanwhile, Ash runs to an abandoned building and destroys the chopper, completing her mission. After Ash cashes in her winnings for ammo and currency, the Game Master  tells her that playing alone is more dangerous on the next level, and he wants her to consider joining a party. Ash witnesses her own performance on the battle screen in the lobby. While waiting for her money from the receptionist , Ash notices two statues above the counter, one of which is headless. The next day, Ash watches as Bishop , a player who spied on her the day before, breaks her record time on the Class A mission. After Ash attempts to find Bishop\'s stats in frustration, she is told by the GM that her turn is not yet ready. Ash cancels her game and requests more information about the player "Bishop" from the GM. When the GM questions Ash\'s interested in Bishop, she says that she is being challenged by him. Ash later runs into Stunner , a Thief class player and a member from her former party, Team Wizard. While eating at a canteen, Stunner tells her that he found the center where she plays by chance after he heard about a powerful female Warrior class player from some others. Stunner asks her if she heard what happened to Murphy , her former team leader. Like her, he also went alone and was "lost". While Ash visits Murphy at the hospital, Stunner informs her on a hidden character in Class A, a neutral character that appears as a silent young girl with sad eyes. Some of the players think that she is a bug in the program, and name her the "ghost". As Ash walks through the corridor, a girl with the same characteristics as described by Stunner watches Ash. Stunner tells her that the players who went after the "ghost" never returned and turned into "Unreturned". There is a rumored area in the game called "Special A", where players cannot reset to escape the game, however it does give out a ton of experience points when completed. Thinking that the ghost is the only gateway into Special A, players go after her, like Murphy did. Ash stands over Murphy\'s bed in the ward, where he has become a comatose vegetable. Through a flashback, Murphy commands Team Wizard on one of their missions. Despite Stunner telling Murphy that they are low on ammo and have to go back, but Murphy retorts that resetting the game is not a part of their party\'s strategy. As she leaves the hospital, the same man who broke her record, Bishop, uses his scope to watch after her. After that, he leaves, walking through dozens of unreturned patients on the hospital porch. At home, Ash searches for words regarding the game Avalon, Unreturned, and the ghost. The computer instead closes up her searches, and Ash resets her computer, which leaves out an important keyword, "Nine Sisters". She accesses it to reveal a drawing of the Nine Sisters, with the words, "Here lies Arthur, the once and future king." Ash logs in using her game card and gets a message telling her to meet in Ruins C66 at Class A. When Ash asks the GM about the Nine Sisters, the GM responds with the name Morgan Le Fay, one of the nine fairy queens who ruled Avalon, the legendary isle, and brought the dying King Arthur over there. She was also Arthur\'s protectress, the Lady of the Lake. In response, Ash heard of a story regarding Morgan in Northern Europe. Odin encountered a shipwreck and drifted to an island, where Morgan saves him. She gives him a golden ring which grants him immortality and eternal youth. However, without Odin realizing, she also sets a Crown of Oblivion upon his head, which makes him forget his homeland and the world outside. Ash enters the game and reaches Ruins C66, and meets Jill , who claims to be one of the Nine Sisters. She tricks Ash into meeting Murphy of the Nine Sisters , as part of the fake Nine Sisters plan to steal Ash\'s equipment data. Ash takes Jill hostage and demands to know what Murphy of Nine Sisters know. He tells her that only the real Nine Sisters know about Special A, and they are the programmers who created this game. However, a chopper appears outside the ruins due to a game time-lag, and kills most of the players inside, including Murphy of Nine Sisters. Ash grabs Jill and seeks cover, attempting to fire back at the chopper. It releases its missiles and due to the lag, they teleport in front of Ash, who screams out "Reset". Ash is forced out of the game. While going home, Ash notices the people are immobile, with only a dog looking at her. Reaching home, her dog, unseen, welcomes her. When she finishes preparing a meal for her dog, she realizes that it has disappeared. She seemingly hears the chopper from the game flying through her district. The next day, Ash goes to a bookstore and buys books regarding Arthurian legend and Avalon. As she leaves, she runs into Stunner again, who invites her to breakfast. While eating, Stunner tells her that there is one common link between parties who try to seek the entrance to Special A: a Bishop class player, who can seemingly make the ghost appear. Not any Bishop, he says, but a level 12 or 13 Archbishop. Before being unreturned, Murphy was also a Bishop class player, and he entered Special A. Ash neither has enough time nor money to switch to Bishop and level up from there, nor join up a party due to her habit of playing alone. Ash finds Bishop at her house. Bishop tells Ash about the rumors spreading of Team Wizard\'s demise, which seems to be Ash\'s doing due to her calling "Reset" back in the party\'s final mission. Ash requests to form a party with Bishop, who tells her to meet at Flak Tower 22 in the game. After the branch\'s closing hours, Ash tells the receptionist that she is going to meet a person who can bring her to Special A. The receptionist tells Ash that Avalon is still a game and if a program cannot be cleared, it is not a game anymore and Special A was kept hidden as a forbidden area. The receptionist reveals that she works for Bishop as a terminal manager. Ash is told that Bishop accesses the game from his own terminal. She is asked by the receptionist to keep away from Bishop, but she refuses, as Murphy is still trapped in Special A. The receptionist, realizing she cannot change Ash\'s mind, prepares her booth. When Ash logs in, she sees the face of the GM in her helmet, who prefers that she does not enter Special A. Ash asks if the GM is accessing from a terminal somewhere or just part of the system itself. The GM answers that she cannot confirm if he is real or not anyway, so it does not matter. In the game, Ash walks up to the top of Flak Tower 22, where she rendezvous with Bishop and 3 dummy players created from the game. Ash deduces that Bishop works for the real Nine Sisters, the original designers of the game. Stunner also arrives to help, which meant that Bishop scouted him to look for Ash all along. At Ruins D99, Ash\'s party runs into a Class A-strength enemy, the Citadel. Bishop, Stunner and the rest of the party distract the giant vehicle with their gunfire, while Ash eventually runs up behind the Citadel and uses her RPG to blow out the back, its weak point. As the party gains tons of experience points, Stunner spots the ghost, who disappears into the wall. He shoots at it as it runs but this does not affect it. He is then shot by an enemy opponent, which Ash kills. At Stunner\'s side, Ash learns that the ghost can only be killed if it leaves the wall and become corporeal. Stunner also confesses he was the one who called out "Reset" in Team Wizard\'s last mission, leading to the group\'s disbandment. After this, his character dies, logging out of the game. Bishop hands Ash a gun and she goes after the ghost, who plays hide-and-seek with her. Reaching the ghost\'s last location, she manages to fire at it, which breaks into 2D fragments and converts into a gateway to Special A. Ash steps into the portal, which assimilates her into program codes, then brings her to Special A. After Ash wakes up in the game terminal, Bishop tells her she is in and that the only objective to complete in Class Real is to defeat the Unreturned staying here; if she completes it, she will exit the game. However, she must not hurt any of the neutral characters who operate under free will in this area, or the game is over. Ash asks Bishop why he brought her here, and he responds that surely she knows the answer within her. Ash is directed to a poster, which features an Avalon-themed concert by the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra and curiously her dog is pictured on it. That is her destination to which she will find the Unreturned, and she takes the ticket pinned to the poster. Ash walks out of the corridor of the game branch into a full color city. Walking along the sidewalk, Ash is bewildered by the amount of people on the streets. She finds more of the Avalon-themed concert posters and eventually finds the location of the concert. Ash confronts Murphy at the concert hall. Ash reveals that she kept quiet about it and thought she knew why. She also says that Stunner told her that Murphy was lost and was just another Unreturned. When Ash asks Murphy if he wanted to abandon them to spend the rest of his life as a vegetable, Murphy tells her reality is an obsession that takes hold of them and questions why he could not make this his own reality. Ash tells him that he is actually running away from his problems. Murphy then asks Ash about her missing silver streak of hair, and also asks if Ash has ever been shot, to feel real pain in a real body. Murphy says that when one of them dies, and the body does not vanish, the other will know if this place is real or not. Both of them point their guns at each other, but Ash mortally wounds Murphy. Before he dies, Murphy tells Ash to never let appearances confuse her, and that this is the world where she belongs. Ash arrives in the empty concert hall and confronts the ghost standing on the stage, who smiles at her.'] ['In futuristic London, Alex  is the leader of his "droogs", Pete , Georgie , and Dim , one of many youth gangs in the decaying metropolis. One night, after intoxicating themselves on "milk plus", they engage in an evening of "ultra-violence", including beating an elderly vagrant , and fighting a rival gang led by Billyboy .Both Burgess\' novel and Stanley Kubrick\'s published movie script have this character\'s name as one word "Billyboy" although the Internet Movie Database lists him in the credits with two words "Billy Boy". Stealing a car, they drive to the country home of writer F. Alexander ([[Patrick Magee , where they beat Mr. Alexander to the point of crippling him for life. Alex then rapes his wife  while intoning "Singin\' in the Rain". The next day, while truant from school, Alex is approached by probation officer Mr. P. R. Deltoid , who is aware of Alex\'s violence and cautions him. In response, Alex visits a record store where he picks up two girls. Alex and the girls have sex in a fast-motion scene. After the events of the night before, his droogs express discontent with Alex\'s petty crimes, demanding more equality and more high-yield thefts. Alex reasserts his leadership by attacking them and throwing them into a canal. That night, Alex invades the mansion of a wealthy "cat"-woman , filled with erotic art. While his droogs remain at the front door, Alex bludgeons the woman with a phallic statue. At the climax of the attack, close-ups of the erotic paintings on the walls are barely visible in single-frame sequences. Hearing police sirens, Alex tries to run away, but is betrayed by his droogs. Dim smashes a pint bottle of milk across his face, leaving him stunned and bleeding. Alex is captured and brutally beaten by the police. A gloating Deltoid spits in his face and informs him that the woman subsequently died in the hospital, making him a murderer. Alex is sentenced to 14 years incarceration. Two years into the sentence, the Minister of the Interior  arrives at the prison looking for test subjects for the Ludovico technique, an experimental aversion therapy for rehabilitating criminals within two weeks; Alex readily volunteers. The process involves drugging the subject, strapping him to a chair, propping his eyelids open, and forcing him to watch violent movies. Alex, initially pleased by the violent images he sees, becomes nauseated due to the drugs. He realizes that one of the films\' soundtracks is by his favourite composer, Ludwig van Beethoven, and that the Ludovico technique will make him sick when he hears the music he loves. He tries unsuccessfully to end the treatment. After two weeks of the Ludovico technique, the Minister of the Interior puts on a demonstration to prove that Alex is "cured". He is shown to be incapable of fighting back against an actor  who insults and attacks him, and he becomes violently ill at the sight of a topless woman . Though the prison chaplain  protests at the results, saying that "there\'s no morality without choice", the prison governor  asserts that they are not interested in the moral questions but only "the means to prevent violence". Alex is released and finds that his possessions have been confiscated by the police to help make restitution to his victims, and that his parents have rented out his room. Homeless, Alex encounters the same elderly vagrant from before, who attacks him with several other friends. Alex is saved by two policemen but is shocked to discover they are two of his former droogs, Dim and Georgie. They drag Alex to the countryside, where they beat and nearly drown him. The dazed Alex wanders the countryside before coming to the home of Mr Alexander, and collapses. Alex wakes up to find himself being treated by Mr Alexander and his manservant, Julian . Mr Alexander does not recognize Alex as his attacker but has read about his treatment in the newspapers. Seeing Alex as a political weapon to usurp the government, Mr Alexander intends to expose the Ludovico technique as a step toward totalitarianism by way of mind control. As Mr. Alexander prepares to introduce Alex to colleagues , he hears Alex singing "Singin\' in the Rain" in the bath, and the memories of the earlier assault return. With his colleagues\' help, Mr. Alexander drugs Alex and places him in a locked upstairs bedroom, playing Beethoven\'s Ninth Symphony through the floor below. Alex, in excruciating pain, throws himself from the window and is knocked unconscious by the fall. Alex wakes up in a hospital, having dreamt about doctors messing around inside his head. While being given a series of psychological tests, Alex finds that he no longer has an aversion to violence. The Minister of the Interior arrives and apologizes to Alex, letting him know that Mr Alexander has been "put away". He offers to take care of Alex and get him a job in return for cooperation with his PR counter-offensive. As a sign of goodwill, the Minister brings in a stereo system playing Beethoven\'s Ninth Symphony. Alex then realizes that instead of an adverse reaction to the music, he sees an image of himself having sex in the snow with a woman in front of an approving crowd dressed in Beethoven-era fashion. He then states, in a sarcastic and menacing voice-over, "I was cured, all right!"'] ['In the near future, as part of a new military recruitment and training program , a group of infants are selected at birth to be raised as soldiers. Undergoing extreme mental and physical training, they become virtual sociopaths, with no understanding of anything except military routine and war. A priority of the conditioning is that these soldiers are forbidden to speak unless spoken to, completely ignore physical pain, and to address whomever they are speaking to, women included, as "sir". At age 38, Todd  is a hardened veteran of many battles, but he and his unit are about to be replaced. Colonel Mekum  introduces a new group of genetically-engineered soldiers, designed with superior physical attributes and a complete lack of emotions except aggression. Todd\'s unit\'s commander, Captain Church  insists on testing the "new" soldiers\' abilities against his own. But Todd, the unit\'s best soldier, is no match for Caine 607 . In the final trial, a fight between Caine and three "old" soldiers, two of Todd\'s comrades are killed, though Todd manages to gouge out one of Caine\'s eyes before he is defeated. Todd seemingly dies when he falls from a great height; but the body of a dead soldier cushions his fall, and he is simply knocked unconscious. Mekum orders their bodies dumped like garbage, and the remaining "old" soldiers are demoted to menial support roles. Todd and his dead comrades are dumped on the surface of Arcadia 234, a waste disposal planet with dangerously high wind velocities. Though badly injured, Todd limps his way toward a colony of humans who crash-landed there twelve years earlier, and have managed to survive and build a society from the planet\'s ubiquitous mountains of trash. Though they try to make him welcome, Todd has great difficulty adapting to the community due to his extreme conditioning. Todd\'s prior training of not speaking unless spoken to  make it difficult for him to answer questions in anything more than curt replies, and actually initiating a conversation is impossible for him. Many of the settlers are afraid of him, but he is sheltered by a settler named Mace  and his wife Sandra . Todd develops a silent rapport with the couple\'s mute son, Nathan, who had been traumatized mentally and physically by a snakebite. In a subsequent conflict with a curled snake, Todd teaches Nathan how to face it down and strike back to protect himself; however, his parents misinterpret the lesson, unsure of how to deal with Todd\'s apparent instability. Todd soon begins to experience flashbacks from his time as a soldier and mistakes one of the colonists  for an enemy, nearly killing him. The settlers decide that Todd is too dangerous to live among them, so they give him supplies and order him to leave. Outside the colony, he sheds tears. He is confused, not understanding what they are, implying that this is the first time that he has cried. Shortly thereafter, Mace and Sandra are almost bitten by another snake while sleeping, and are saved at the last second by Nathan, using Todd\'s technique. Mace then realizes that Todd taught their son how to protect himself from the snakes and that he has an important role to play in their community, and decides to leave on his own to find and bring him back. The new genetically engineered soldiers arrive on a training exercise. Since the planet is listed as uninhabited, Colonel Mekum decides that the colonists\' presence is unlawful and, as practice, orders his troops to slaughter them. Spotted by the arriving troops, Mace is killed just after he finds Todd. Though outmanned and outgunned, Todd\'s years of battle experience and superior knowledge of the planet allow him to return to the colony and kill the advance squad attacking the settlers. Nervous that a much larger enemy force may be confronting them, Colonel Mekum, grudgingly accepting Captain Church\'s advice, orders the soldiers to withdraw and return with heavy artillery. Using guerilla tactics, Todd outmanoeuvers and defeats all of the remaining soldiers, including Caine 607, who is finished off in hand-to-hand combat. Panicking, Mekum orders his ship\'s crew, composed of Todd\'s old squad, to activate a portable nuclear device powerful enough to destroy the entire planet, then orders the ship to lift off before they are back on board. When Captain Church objects, Mekum shoots him in cold blood. Before they can take off as planned, Todd appears, and his old comrades, now recognizing him as the ranking officer as a side effect of their conditioning due to their dismissal by Mekum, silently side with him over the army that has discarded them. Todd and his comrades take over the ship, tossing Mekum and his aides out onto the planet, and evacuating the remaining colonists just as the bomb detonates. Todd orders the ship to set course for the Trinity Moons, the colonists\' original destination, then picks up Nathan and points to their new destination, while looking out upon the galaxy.  Soldier was written by David Peoples, who co-wrote the script for Blade Runner. By his own admission, he considers Soldier to be a "sidequel"/spiritual successor to Blade Runner.Cinescape, September/October 1998 issue It also obliquely references various elements of stories written by Philip K. Dick , or film adaptations thereof. A "Spinner" vehicle from Blade Runner can be seen in the wreckage on a junk planet that features in the film.{{cite web}} There are also several dialogue references to events such as "Tanhauser Gate" from Blade Runner.'] ['Sometime in the future, mankind has depleted all energy and fuel sources, however they have somehow engineered a way to use human excrement as fuel. To reward production, the government hands out extremely addictive, popsicle-like "Juicybars", which in turn also makes them constipated. Aachi and Ssipak are street hoodlums who struggle to survive by trading black market Juicybars. Through a chain of events involving their porn-director acquaintance Jimmy the Freak, they meet wannabe-actress Beautiful, whose defecations are rewarded by exceptional quantities of Juicybars. For that reason, Beautiful is also wanted by the violent blue mutants known as the Diaper Gang , the police , and others.'] ["From an ocean rig, a demented scientist, Krank , kidnaps children to steal their dreams. Among them is the little brother, Denree , of carnival strongman and former Russian sailor One , who sets out to rescue him with the help of a young, orphaned, thieves' guild member named Miette . They delve into the world of a bio-mechanical kidnapping cult and discover the connection between the scientist and the missing Denree. Krank is both aided and hindered by Martha, a diminutive woman; Irving , a talkative brain in a tank; and six identical clones of the genius  who created them all and has been missing for many years. They support the cult with technology as they gather children for Krank's experiments to give him dreams as without the ability he is aging rapidly. Conjoined twins known as the Octopus control the guild of thieves in their robberies but have become distrustful of Miette and hire One to help the children steal a safe. The Octopus believes Miette has been holding out and has deserted to help One. They employ performer Marcello  to ensure Miette pays and One returns to them, and much to his distaste he allows Miette to drown while rescuing One from the cult using a mind control system. Beneath the waters Miette's last sight is that of a deep sea diver who takes her to his lair and catalogues her body. He is revealed to be a delusional paranoid and identical to the clones except older with a beard. An accident revives Miette and she finds One and Marcello both drinking and full of sorrow in a bar. The angered Octopus has a henchman ([[Rufus  dispose of the bumbling Marcello and uses the stolen mind control to turn One against Miette; the smallest of actions has the largest of results in a spectacular chain of events leading to the Octopus' demise instead. When a dream escapes the rig, it plants information in Miette's mind and restores some of the diver's memories, including how he was attacked by Krank and the woman he created as a wife and dropped into the sea. They all converge on the rig with the Genius armed to destroy it and the duo to rescue Denree. Miette is forced to enter a dream world to release Denree from the dream extracting machine as the Genius straps himself and dynamite to the legs of the rig. In the dream world Miette is joined by Krank where she uses her imagination to control the dream and foil him once and for all. One and Miette rescue all the children as the explosions start and the Genius finds papers, finally regaining his memory of who he is as the clones and Irving row away."] ['Ultraviolet takes place in 2078, in the years following a global epidemic that causes vampire-like symptoms, including super-human strength and elongated canines. The infected "hemophages" die within twelve years after being infected. The Archministry, a militant medical group headed by Vice-Cardinal Ferdinand Daxus , took control of the government and began rounding up infected citizens and exterminating them in order to contain the virus. Having been infected a decade earlier, Violet Song  has become a member of an underground resistance fighting to protect the hemophages from the government. Working with the resistance, Violet steals a weapon that was apparently created to exterminate all hemophages, only to discover that it is a young boy named "Six" . Rather than kill the child, Violet flees with the boy, believing that a cure for the disease can be reverse-engineered from the antigens before he dies from them. She eventually converses with Daxus who tells her that the boy is his son, but she does not believe him. Instead she takes him to her friend Garth, who tells her the boy has no antigens and he has no value to anyone. He also tells her that the boy is radioactive and they can track him easily and he has only 8 hours to live. In the meantime, Nerva reveals to Violet that the antigens in Six\'s blood are actually deadly to humans. Furthermore, Daxus clarifies that the boy is his clone, his previous claim to her being a ruse to earn her sympathy. Since the hemophages are nearly exterminated, the Archministry intends to engineer a new plague to maintain its power. When he refuses to give her the cure, Violet escapes with Six and lets him spend his last moments at a playground. Daxus arrives and take Six\'s body for dissection. Later, however, Violet realizes that Six may not actually be dead. She storms the Archministry and reaches a lab just as Daxus is about to begin the dissection. In the ensuing fight, Daxus reveals that he uses enhancements he gained from an accidental exposure to the hemophage virus to aid in his rise to power. Violet kills Daxus and leaves with Six\'s body. Six later wakes up, having been immunized by the hemophage virus in Violet\'s tears. It is theorized that Six\'s knowledge may be able to create a cure for her and the hemophages.'] ['The film takes Aldous Huxley\'s novel of the same name and "modernizes" it, setting it in a large metropolitan area much like the cities of today, albeit a bit cleaner, brighter, and free of poverty and crime. The plot centers on Bernard Marx, a high-level "Alpha" executive at the Department of Hatcheries and Conditioning, and on his relationship with Lenina Crowne, a schoolteacher who is responsible for educating the children grown within the building — a dual role, for as well as teaching them out of textbooks, she is also in charge of the sleep-teaching machines that condition the children at night. Marx and Lenina have been seeing each other almost exclusively for a number of months, a practice that is beginning to attract unwanted attention from some in the strictly promiscuous society. On top of this, Marx is increasingly coming under scrutiny by his boss  for his wild theories on human psychology and mind control. The couple vacations at a "savage reservation", which is dirty, poor, and rustic in contrast to the pristine city from which Marx and Lenina hail. Their helicopter crashes, and the couple is rescued from the clutches of a gang of thugs by a young man named John Cooper, who turns out to be the son of a Savage woman who was seduced, impregnated, and abandoned by an unidentified Alpha years ago. Marx invites the Savage and his mother Linda to visit "civilization," so that he may study John\'s mind and perhaps gain some insight into why the conditioning programs at the DHC seem to be failing. John is initially excited by the wonders of civilization, but soon finds it dull and boring without the availability of literature, philosophy, free thinking and especially Shakespeare . The populace constantly hounds him, seeing him as a new celebrity ready made for popular consumption; his story spawns a feature film and even his own clothing trend. Marx gains the notice of World Controller Mustapha Mond and moves up the ladder, while Lenina finds herself having strong feelings for John and even stronger ones for Bernard. Meanwhile, the DHC, who turns out to be John\'s natural father, erases his name from the Reservation database, programs a wayward Delta assembly line worker to kill Marx, knowing that if Marx identifies him as a parent, the consequences could be dire , and visits Linda in the hospital, suggesting that she take more soma to forget she ever saw him. Linda’s constant use of an hallucinogenic drug called soma finally proves fatal. When John visits his mother at the Center for Death , he yells at the children who make fun of her, then rushes upstairs to the soma rationing room and tries to rally everyone into giving up the drug. The plot on Marx\'s life fails, and the DHC is exposed as the father of a Savage, leading to his dismissal and reengineering as a menial laborer. Mond, who also reads Shakespeare, promotes Marx to DHC and pardons John. Seeking to escape the constant pressure, John flees to the countryside, is cornered relentlessly by the press, and is run off of a cliff where he falls to his death. In the end, it is revealed that Lenina is pregnant with Marx\'s child. The couple, Bernard Marx and Lenina Crowne, take the long tunnel to a coastal area, shown in the final scene of the film, and become a family there. Back in the World State, a child, who is identified in the beginning of the film as Gabriel, can be seen plugging his ears with tissue during a sleep-teaching session.'] ['TV newswoman Lee Carter  is one of many witnesses to the public assassination of presidential candidate Senator Charles Carroll ([[William Joyce  atop the Seattle Space Needle. A waiter armed with a revolver is chased but falls to his death. Meanwhile, a second waiter, also armed with a gun, leaves the crime scene unnoticed. A special committee decides that the assassination was the work of a lone gunman. Three years later, Carter visits her former boyfriend and colleague, newspaper reporter Joe Frady , in Portland, Oregon. Lee tells Frady that she feels there is more to the killing - that six of the witnesses to Carroll\'s assassination have died and she fears she will be next. Frady does not take her seriously. Not long afterwards, Lee is found dead and her death is judged by the police to be either a voluntary or accidental drug overdose. Investigating Carter\'s leads, Frady goes to the small town of Salmontail whose sheriff, L.D. Wicker , attempts to trap him below a dam after an alarm has sounded indicating that the floodgates are opening. Frady narrowly escapes but the sheriff drowns. Frady finds information on the Parallax Corporation in the sheriff\'s apartment and learns that its real business is recruiting political assassins. While interviewing Carroll\'s former aide, Austin Tucker , aboard Tucker\'s boat, a bomb explodes. Frady survives but is believed dead, and decides to apply to Parallax under an assumed identity. Jack Younger , a Parallax official, assures Frady that he is the kind of man they are interested in. Frady is accepted for training in Los Angeles where he watches a slide show that conflates positive images with negative actions. Frady later spies a Parallax man he recalls from a picture Austin Tucker showed him of a waiter taken the day Senator Carroll was murdered. He follows the man and watches him take out a bag from another car\'s trunk, then drive to an airport and check it as baggage on a plane. Frady boards the plane himself. He notices a Senator aboard, but not the Parallax man. Frady writes a warning on a napkin which he slips into the drink service cart. The warning is found and the plane returns to Los Angeles. Everybody is evacuated – just before a bomb explodes. Frady\'s generally skeptical editor Bill Rintels  listens to a secretly recorded tape of a conversation Frady had with Jack Younger. A disguised Parallax operative delivers coffee and food to Rintels\' news office. The editor is poisoned and the tape is removed. Continuing his investigation, Frady follows the Parallax assassins to the dress rehearsal for a political rally for Senator George Hammond ([[Jim Davis . Frady hides in the auditorium\'s rafters to secretly observe the Parallax men, posing as security personnel, also in the rafters. Too late, Frady realizes he has been set up as a "patsy" or "fall guy", as Hammond is shot dead by an unseen gunman. As Frady is trying to escape, he is sighted in the rafters by the marching band\'s tuba player, and a Parallax agent kills Frady with a shotgun. The same committee which determined a lone gunman killed Senator Carroll now reports that Frady, acting alone, killed Senator Hammond. The committee further express the hope that the verdict will end political assassination conspiracy theories. They do not take questions from the press.'] ['In Portland, Oregon in the near future, George Orr is charged with misuse of multiple prescription medications, which he was taking to keep himself from dreaming; he volunteers for psychiatric care to avoid prosecution, and is assigned to the care of licensed "oneirologist" William Haber. Orr\'s explanation of his drug abuse is incredible: he has known since age 17 that his dreams change reality, and tries to prevent himself from dreaming because he fears their effects. Haber initially considers Orr\'s fear as a delusional symptom of neurosis or psychosis, referring to him as "possibly an intelligent schizophrenic". He puts Orr into a hypnotic trance, and encourages him to have an "effective dream" to record his brain function. When he realizes that Orr is telling the truth, Haber begins to use Orr\'s "effective dreams" to first create a prestigious, well funded institute run by himself, then to attempt to solve various social problems. Haber suggests that Orr dream of a solution to overpopulation , the end to all conflict between people , only after numerous failed attempts to "make the world right" admitting to Orr that he believes in Orr\'s power. Orr turns to lawyer Heather LeLache for help in getting out of his government-mandated treatments with Haber. LeLache doubts Orr\'s sanity, but agrees to help him, eventually becoming an ally. As Haber continues to use Orr to create change in human society, Orr remembers that a dream he experienced years ago, which is briefly portrayed at the opening of the film, is in fact reality: the world was destroyed in a nuclear war, and Orr had been dying from radiation poisoning when he began to dream that it had not happened. Haber enters the final version of his machine for directing dreams, and learns this truth, driving him mad. Orr had joined him in that dream state, and was able to change the world back to a relatively normal version not destroyed, and not severely altered. The end of the film shows Orr working in an antique store run by an alien, with LeLache coming in to browse. She has no memory of him, but agrees to have lunch with him. They encounter Haber, wheelchair bound, on their way to lunch, and Haber recognizes Orr, but cannot come out of his catatonia.'] ['In April 2054, Captain John Anderton  is chief of the highly controversial Washington, D.C., PreCrime police force. They use future visions generated by three "precogs", mutated humans with precognitive abilities, to stop murders; because of this, the city has been murder-free for six years. Though Anderton is a respected member of the force, he is addicted to Neuroin, an illegal psychoactive drug. His addiction started following the disappearance of his son Sean, which also caused his wife Lara to leave him. With the PreCrime force poised to go nationwide, the system is audited by Danny Witwer , a member of the United States Justice Department. During the audit, the precogs predict that Anderton will murder a man named Leo Crow in 36\xa0hours. Believing the incident to be a setup by Witwer, who is aware of Anderton\'s addiction, Anderton attempts to hide the case and quickly departs the area before Witwer begins a manhunt for him. Anderton seeks the advice of Dr. Iris Hineman , the lead researcher of the PreCrime technology. She explains to Anderton that sometimes the three precogs see different visions of the future, in which case the system only provides data on the two reports which agree; the "minority report", reflecting the potential future where a predicted killer would have done something different, is discarded. According to Dr. Hineman, the female precog Agatha is most likely to be the precog that witnesses the minority report. Anderton undergoes a dangerous underground eye replacement to avoid detection by the city\'s optical recognition system. He travels back to PreCrime and kidnaps Agatha , which disables the precogs\' hive mind and shuts down the system. Anderton takes Agatha to a shopping mall, and a hacker, who extracts both Agatha\'s vision of Crow\'s murder&mdash;with no differences from the other two precogs, so there was no minority report&mdash;and another of the murder of a woman named Anne Lively&mdash;which Agatha also showed to Anderton the day before he was incriminated. Anderton and Agatha then head to the apartment where Crow is to be killed. Inside, Anderton finds hundreds of pictures of children, one of which is of his son, and concludes that Crow is responsible for Sean\'s disappearance. When Crow arrives, Anderton holds him at gunpoint, but ultimately decides to control his anger and places Crow under arrest instead. Crow admits that he was hired to plant these photos and then be killed, so his family would be paid handsomely. Since Anderton refuses to kill him, Crow grabs the officer\'s hand and makes him fire at point-blank range, effectively committing suicide by cop. On the run, Anderton and Agatha approach his ex-wife Lara for refuge. Anderton learns Lively was Agatha\'s former drug-addicted mother, once before a target of a failed murder attempt after requesting to see her daughter before her death. Anderton realizes that his knowledge of the Lively case is why he is being targeted. Meanwhile, Witwer assesses Crow\'s "murder" and doubts that Anderton killed him in cold blood. He comes to recognize that the archival footage of Lively\'s murder shows what appears to be a future echo by one of the visions, routinely discarded by PreCrime, which he realizes is a different murder as nearby water is rippling in a different direction from the original PreCrime vision. He suspects someone used this to stage the first murder attempt, and then recreated the setting to actually kill Lively and avoid being detected by PreCrime. Witwer realizes that the murderer would had to have been someone high up in PreCrime to have access to the vision, and reports these findings to PreCrime\'s Director Lamar Burgess . Burgess, noting that the PreCrime division is currently disabled due to Agatha\'s absence, kills Witwer and frames Anderton for that murder as well. The PreCrime unit eventually captures Anderton and restores Agatha to the system. Burgess attempts to comfort Lara, but accidentally reveals that he was the one that killed Lively. Lara acts on this information and frees Anderton at gunpoint. At a banquet to celebrate the success of the PreCrime unit attended by Burgess, Anderton plays back Agatha\'s vision of Lively\'s murder for the gathered crowd, which shows Burgess as the murderer. While Burgess begins to hunt down Anderton, a new PreCrime report is created: Anderton is the victim and Burgess, the murderer. When Burgess catches up to Anderton, Anderton explains the impossible situation: if Burgess kills Anderton, he proves the system works but at the cost of a life sentence, while if he does not, the system will not have worked and the PreCrime division will be shut down. Anderton explains the fundamental flaw in the system: if one knows his or her future, he or she can change it. Burgess resolves the dilemma by killing himself. The PreCrime program is shut down and the prisoners are unconditionally pardoned and released, though police departments keep watch on many of them. Anderton and Lara remarry and start a new family. The precogs are sent to an "undisclosed location", a small uncharted island in the North Atlantic Ocean to live out a full happy life in peace.'] ['Three years after a zombie apocalypse, survivors have set up outposts across the United States, one of which, in Pittsburgh, contains a feudal-like government. Bordered on two sides by rivers and on the third by an electric fence, the city has become a sanctuary, with the rich and powerful living in luxury on the Fiddler\'s Green while the rest of the population subsists in squalor. The city\'s ruler Paul Kaufman  has sponsored Dead Reckoning, a heavily armored vehicle that can travel through the zombie-infested areas with ease. Armed with remote-controlled heavy machine guns and video cameras, Dead Reckoning functions as a moving fireworks launch base, on the premise that zombies are fascinated by fireworks and will stare at them, ignoring their environs. Riley Denbo , designer and commander of Dead Reckoning, has recently retired. Unlike Kaufman, Riley is respected for his work in protecting the city from danger, as well as for bringing critical food and medical supplies which the citizens can no longer acquire safely themselves. Using the moving anti-dead tank, Dead Reckoning, Riley and crew ventured into the neighboring cities that are overrun with zombies in order to procure supplies from abandoned stores and warehouses. One of the interesting things they noticed on these missions is that many of the zombies appear to exhibit some kind of thought process or planning. One such zombie, "Big Daddy" ([[Eugene Clark , who was a gas station owner in life, is shown to be especially capable of comprehending and learning. Back in the protected city, Riley discovers Chihuahua  entertaining his bar\'s patrons by bear-baiting a woman, Slack , to some zombies. Riley and Charlie  save Slack but kill Chihuahua and all three are shortly arrested. Slack reveals she was being executed on Kaufman\'s orders, because she works for Mulligan , a former co-worker of Riley\'s trying to instigate rebellion among the poor. Meanwhile, the assassin Cholo DeMora , second in command of Dead Reckoning, is denied an apartment in Fiddler\'s Green. Upon being rebuffed, Cholo threatens to destroy Fiddler\'s Green with the Dead Reckoning, seized by himself and his assistants Pretty Boy , Mouse , Anchor , and Foxy . Zombies attack as they are leaving, but Cholo orders his crew not to intervene. Kaufman sends Riley to stop Cholo, alongside Manolete , Motown , and Pillsbury . Manolete is bitten and subsequently executed by Slack. Once they come across Dead Reckoning, Riley devises a plan to approach the vehicle alone. Against Riley\'s orders, Charlie, Slack, and Pillsbury follow him, but they disable Motown and leave her behind on the grounds of her loyalty to Kaufman. Cholo realises that Riley is working for Kaufman and holds both Riley and Charlie at gunpoint. Before Slack and Pillsbury can react, Motown, who has come round, opens fire and nearly kills both Riley and Cholo, before being bitten by a walker and executed by Slack. With this distraction, Riley de-activates Dead Reckoning\'s weapons systems and convinces Cholo to allow him escape Northward, while Cholo goes west. Cholo is later bitten by a zombie and returns to kill Kaufman. Zombie leader Big Daddy perceives that the river is no obstacle to invasion, he leads the zombies against the human city, and himself follows Kaufman to an underground garage. When Big Daddy leaves the garage, the now dead-and-reanimated Cholo attacks Kaufman; but both are killed by Big Daddy when the latter causes an explosion. Riley and his crew discover that although most inhabitants have become zombies themselves, some had followed Mulligan to escape. Pretty Boy has the opportunity to kill Big Daddy and the zombies; but Riley orders her against it. Riley and his friends then use Dead Reckoning to leave the city.'] ['Harrison Bergeron lives in a typical suburban town in the near future. The audience is told that after the second American Revolution&mdash;a war begun due to an ongoing economic depression that was a result of a combination of technological advancement and a widening disparity between the very rich and the very poor&mdash;it was mandated that all people be equal in all things. To this end, the social norm of this society has become egalitarianism. Citizens strive to be of equal wealth, intelligence, athletic prowess and social status to all around them. Through a process of selective breeding, mankind is perfecting the perfectly average human being. What is not accomplished through arranged marriages is made up for through technological means, the most prominent of which are only showing mind numbing shows on TV, and a headband device worn by all citizens which modulates intelligence, dialing up or down a person\'s IQ in order to arrive at a \'perfect\' 100. There are limits to the success of the devices, however, and Harrison Bergeron is one such case. He is a total failure in school, consistently receiving A\'s . Even though he has been held back four years and his headband is consistently modified to dampen his intelligence, he still continues to excel to the embarrassment of him and his family. Harrison goes to see a doctor about his intelligence problem, and after several tests it is determined that the headband is unsuccessful because Harrison\'s synaptic connections reroute themselves after each adjustment in order to overcome the inhibitions the headband is designed to place on the thought process. He is told that he will have to have an operation akin to a lobotomy in order to permanently lower his intelligence. In his last day with a fully functioning brain, he goes to a "head house", where, in a parody of a bordello, men make plans to make high-end educational conversation with exceptionally smart women. Illegal device-free women are paid to play chess and conduct intelligent conversations with the clients. Unfortunately, his first intelligent conversation ever  is interrupted by a police bust. While the raid on the police station is underway Phillipa addressees a hidden camera saying, not to take him away, and that she likes him. While being held captive in the police station, he is approached by a special agent who offers him an alternative to the lobotomy - to join what turns out to be the secret elite that runs the government. Harrison falls in love with Phillipa there, but he illegally impregnates her and she is lobotomized for trying to escape. He feels he can no longer continue to betray his values and decides to take action. He breaks into a TV studio and reveals the truth about the secret society to the viewers. Eventually, the guards break through, and later on he is forced to make an appearance on TV and pretend the broadcast was not real. Instead, he uses his chance to commit suicide by shooting himself in front of the viewers. The story is framed by an additional perspective from Bergeron\'s parents, who are watching the incident on TV, but who, because of his father\'s handicapping due to his superior intelligence and his mother\'s less than average intelligence, cannot concentrate enough to appreciate what occurs nor remember it. In a final scene, a young boy and his friend get together in his bedroom to watch the first four hours of Bergeron\'s broadcast, without their bands. Downstairs, one boy\'s mother looks up the stairs with a look of recognition on her face; she is seen to be Phillipa.'] ['France, sometime in the near future. The Sisterhood of Metacontrol governs Europe. Angeline, an exemplary and irreproachable citizen has just joined the Order... But her relationship with a special man, Nono, will make her question profoundly the principles of the Doctrine.'] ['In "the not-too-distant future", liberal eugenics is common and DNA plays the primary role in determining social class. Vincent Freeman is conceived and born without the aid of this technology. He has a high probability of developing mental disorders, is myopic, has a heart defect, and his projected life expectancy is only 30.2 years. His parents initially placed their faith in natural conception and now regret it; Vincent\'s younger brother, Anton, is conceived with the aid of genetic selection. Anton surpasses his older brother in many aspects including a game that they call "chicken": both swim out to sea, and the first to give up and swim back to shore is the loser. Anton always wins due to his superior physical stamina. Vincent dreams of a career in space but is constantly reminded of his genetic inferiority. Later as young adults Vincent challenges Anton to the game of chicken. This time it is Vincent who pulls ahead while Anton runs into trouble and begins to drown. Vincent saves him, then leaves home shortly thereafter. Due to frequent screening, Vincent faces genetic discrimination and prejudice. The only way he can achieve his dream of becoming an astronaut is to become a "borrowed ladder", a person who impersonates a "valid" with a superior genetic profile. He assumes the identity of Jerome Eugene Morrow, a former swimming star with a genetic profile "second to none", who had been injured in a car accident, leaving him paralyzed from the waist down. Vincent "buys" Jerome\'s identity and uses his "valid" DNA in blood, hair, tissue, and urine samples to pass screening. To keep his identity hidden, he must meticulously groom and scrub down daily to remove his own genetic material and then dust himself with Jerome\'s. Vincent gets accepted into Gattaca, with a DNA test being the entire interview process. With Jerome\'s genetic profile Vincent gains access to the Gattaca Aerospace Corporation, the most prestigious spaceflight conglomerate. He becomes Gattaca\'s top celestial navigator and is selected for a manned spaceflight to Saturn\'s moon Titan. A week before Vincent is to leave on the one-year mission, one of Gattaca\'s administrators is found bludgeoned to death in his office. Police discover an eyelash of the real Vincent on the premises, making him the prime suspect. A paper cup used by Vincent is also found after he gave it to Caesar the cleaner. Vincent must evade increasing security measures as his launch date approaches. Simultaneously, he becomes close to one of his co-workers, Irene Cassini. Although she is a "valid", Irene knows she will only ever be picked for lesser missions due to slightly elevated risk of heart failure. Romantically attracted to Vincent, she clandestinely has his DNA analyzed. The results confirm that he is out of her league, leaving her wistful, but Vincent makes it plain that he does not care about her genetics. Jerome  also suffers from the burden of his genetic perfection; when he won only a silver medal in a high-profile competition, he became increasingly depressed. While intoxicated, Jerome confesses that he did not have a car accident, but rather, had attempted suicide by jumping in front of a car, but only paralyzed himself from the waist down. After numerous close calls, Vincent\'s identity is revealed to a shocked Irene. Yet Irene comes to see Vincent for who he is and accepts him. The murder investigation abruptly comes to a close with Mission Director Josef under arrest. The director reveals that he murdered the administrator because the victim was trying to cancel the Titan mission. As Vincent appears to be in the clear he is confronted by the youthful chief detective, who is revealed to be Anton. Anton accuses Vincent of fraud and asserts that Vincent is unworthy of his place at Gattaca. Vincent reminds Anton of how he has made it thus far solo and that it was Anton who needed saving before, not himself. Having rationalized the competition he lost, Anton challenges Vincent again. They swim out, but as before, Anton turns back first and Vincent must rescue him from drowning. When Anton asks how he did it, Vincent explains that he did it by never saving anything for the swim back. As the day of the launch arrives, Jerome bids Vincent farewell. He reveals that he has stored enough genetic samples to last Vincent two lifetimes. Overwhelmed and grateful, Vincent thanks Jerome, but Jerome replies that it is he who should be grateful, since Vincent lent Jerome his dreams. Jerome gives Vincent a card but asks him not to open it until he reaches space. As Vincent moves through the Gattaca complex to the launch site, he is stopped for an unexpected last urine test. Vincent has not brought Jerome\'s fluids as he assumed there would be no more tests. The urine analysis uncovers Vincent\'s identity. However, the unperturbed Dr. Lamar, who for years has been asking Vincent during physical exams if he ever told Vincent the story of his own son, once again asks and this time goes on to tell it: His son admires Vincent and wants to be an astronaut despite a genetic defect that would rule him out. Lamar resets the test result, and tells Vincent to make his flight. Jerome climbs inside his home incinerator, puts on his silver medal and lights the fire. The rocket lifts off with Vincent, and he opens the card from Jerome to find no words—just a hair sample. He is saddened to leave, despite never having a place in the world. He muses, "They say every atom in our bodies was once a part of a star. Maybe I\'m not leaving; maybe I\'m going home."'] ['In the future, national boundaries have been broken down and two giant super-states remain—the bleak, oppressive, and totalitarian "Hemisphere," and the sprawling and futuristic "Megaville." Megaville has an elected president, but the entire system is rife with corruption. All forms of media are encouraged in Megaville, but this freedom has aided moral decay with the distribution of pornography and violent movies. Outside Megaville lies the Hemisphere; whereas Megaville is clean and ordered, the Hemisphere is in a state of decay. Travel from the Hemisphere to Megaville is restricted with few exceptions to the powerful. An outwardly totalitarian regime governs the daily life of civilians in the Hemisphere and the people live in fear of the "CKS" . All forms of media are illegal in the Hemisphere. Raymond Palinov is an unassuming citizen of the Hemisphere. Palinov is loyal to the Hemisphere regime; he is career-minded and has achieved the rank of captain within the media police. Palinov\'s methods are highly efficient, but on one particular raid, Palinov finds himself drawn to a spaghetti western and cannot pull away from it. One of his men destroys the television set with a sledge hammer and Palinov is ostracized by his superior for the incident. After Palinov nearly loses his job, he begins to exhibit strange character traits. During a rally in which outlawed media recordings are shown to the media police as examples of contraband, Palinov laughs out loud at a comedy clip. Palinov then appears to have a complete mental breakdown and loses consciousness. Whereas most agents would have been terminated following such an incident, Palinov is spared. Palinov is found to be exhibiting unusual brain activity and is sent for an examination. Palinov explains to Dr. Vogel that he has been having bizarre flashbacks and seeing memories in dreams which are not his own. Dr. Vogel tells Palinov he believes the strange behavior is due to years of exposure to media "filth" and initiates a procedure which will remove the unexplained brain activity and restore Palinov\'s personality in its entirety. The procedure doesn\'t work and Palinov\'s mental episodes become steadily worse. Palinov is contacted by Mr. Duprell, the director of the CKS, with an infiltration assignment. The Hemisphere war against all forms of media is about to intensify with news of the introduction of a new form of media. It is known as "Dream-A-Life"  and projects hallucinations of the customer\'s choice into their brain. However, some customers in Megaville have been left with psychosis or started new lives in a fantasy world. The government of Megaville has already deemed DAL legal and its use has become prevalent with the help of a mysterious figure in the Megaville underworld known as Mr. Newman. Duprell explains that Palinov bears a striking physical resemblance to Newman\'s only known contact in the Hemisphere, Mr. Jensen. Palinov\'s mission is to assume Jensen\'s life and infiltrate the criminal underworld of both the Hemisphere and Megaville, discover who Newman is working with, and who Newman\'s contacts are in the Hemisphere. In order to assist his infiltration, Palinov is implanted with some of Jensen\'s memories. Palinov meets Jensen\'s jilted lover, Christine, a former demolitions expert for the armed forces who went AWOL after being ordered to kill civilians. Christine demands that Jensen take her to Megaville; if he does not she will open up a briefcase full of explosives and kill both of them. Christine and Palinov travel to Megaville and meet Newman, who refuses to reveal any information about his operation. Meanwhile, the president of Megaville, who has decided DAL is not safe, is assassinated. Palinov suspects that Mr. Newman is involved, but the only witness is the president\'s personal aide, who is now permanently trapped in a DAL induced hallucination. When Palinov attempts to remove the headset, the aide is shot in broad daylight by Newman. Duprell contacts Palinov through a hidden implant in his brain and informs him to close the deal with Newman or his mother will die; Duprell explains he no longer wants to stop DAL but now wants in on the deal. Palinov refuses and Duprell attempts to kill him via the implant. Palinov\'s mother saves him by destroying Duprell\'s transmitting device, but is then murdered. However, before she dies she reveals the truth to Palinov; she is not his mother and he is actually Jensen with Palinov\'s mind implanted. Palinov escapes with Christine into the Mojave desert, where they are pursued by members of Megaville\'s underworld; all except Palinov are killed in a shoot-out. Duprell has been watching Palinov through his mind, which Palinov finally realizes. Palinov uses a DAL device so that Duprell will see Palinov\'s fantasy of exposing Duprell\'s activities on a Megaville national broadcast, which Duprell sees as reality. Palinov says all the evidence of the conspiracy is in a briefcase at Christine\'s apartment. Duprell opens it and detonates the bomb inside. Newman reveals to Palinov that he is Jensen\'s biological father and claims he wishes they had spent more time together before shooting Palinov. Newman then notices his leg is handcuffed to Palinov and he is now trapped in the desert.'] ['America has lost the war on drugs. Substance D, a powerful drug causing bizarre hallucinations, has swept the country. In response, the government develops an invasive, high-tech surveillance system and a network of undercover informants. Bob Arctor is a detective assigned to immerse himself in the drugs underworld and infiltrate the supply chain. Arctor and his housemates, Luckman and Barris, live in a run-down suburban house in Anaheim. They pass their days taking drugs and having long, paranoiac conversations. At the police station, Arctor is codenamed Fred and maintains privacy by wearing a "scramble suit" that constantly changes every aspect of his appearance. Arctor\'s senior officer Hank, and all other undercover officers, also wear scramble suits. Whilst undercover, Arctor becomes addicted to Substance D. Arctor also befriends a cocaine addict named Donna; she is Arctor\'s supplier. Arctor hopes to purchase large enough quantities of Substance D from Donna that she is forced to introduce him to her own supplier, but he also develops romantic feelings towards her. Donna rejects Arctor\'s sexual advances, and Barris questions the nature of their relationship. Hank orders Fred to step up surveillance on the group. Hank suggests that Fred concentrate his surveillance on the suspected ringleader, Arctor, thereby ordering him to spy on himself. Meanwhile, the justified paranoia of Arctor\'s housemates reaches extreme levels, and he becomes wrapped up in their concerns. Barris secretly contacts the police and tells them he suspects Donna and Arctor of being terrorists; he unknowingly conveys this information to Arctor at the police station, in his scramble-suited role of Detective Fred. Arctor\'s prolonged use of Substance D damages his brain, causing him increasingly to lose track of his identity, and the fact that "Fred" and Arctor are the same person. After Barris supplies the police with a faked recording allegedly proving his claims about Donna and Arctor, Hank orders that Barris be held on charges of providing false information. After Barris\'s arrest, Hank reveals to Fred that he has deduced his true identity by a process of elimination. "Fred" is surprised to learn that he is really Arctor, and becomes disoriented. Hank informs him that the real purpose of the surveillance was to catch Barris, not Arctor; the police suspected Barris of being involved in the Substance D supply chain, and were deliberately increasing his paranoia until he attempted to cover his tracks. Hank reprimands Arctor for becoming addicted to Substance D, and warns him that he will be disciplined. As Arctor undergoes a mental breakdown in the office, Hank phones Donna and asks her to take Arctor to New Path, a corporation that runs a series of rehabilitation clinics. After Arctor leaves the office, Hank enters the locker room and removes his scramble suit, revealing his true identity to the audience—Donna. At New Path, Arctor experiences the symptoms of Substance D withdrawal, including more severe brain damage. Some time later Donna, whose real name is Audrey, converses with a fellow police officer, and the audience learns that New Path is responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Substance D; ironically they use victims of the drug to tend their crops, since  they can be trusted not to reveal New Path\'s secret. Audrey and Mike are part of a police operation to infiltrate New Path, and Arctor was selected—without his knowledge—to carry out the sting. The police had intended for Arctor to become addicted to Substance D; his health was sacrificed so that he might enter a rehabilitation center unnoticed as a genuine addict. They debate whether enough of Arctor\'s mind will recover that he grasps the situation and returns with evidence. New Path sends Arctor to work at an isolated New Path farming prison, where he spots rows of blue flowers hidden between rows of corn. These flowers, referenced throughout the film, are the source of Substance D. As the film ends, Arctor hides a blue flower in his boot, so that when he returns to the New Path clinic during Thanksgiving he can give it to his friends.'] ['In 1979, NASA scientist Dylan Hunt  is working on "Project Ganymede", a suspended animation system for astronauts on long-duration space flights. As chief of the project he volunteers for the first multi-day test. He places himself in chemically-induced hibernation deep inside Carlsbad Caverns; while there, his lab is buried in an earthquake. The monitoring equipment is damaged and fails to awake him at the intended end of the test. He awakens instead in 2133, emerging into a chaotic post-apocalyptic world. An event called "The Great Conflict"  destroyed the civilization of Hunt\'s time. Various new civilizations have emerged in a struggle for control of available resources. Those with the greatest military might and the will to use it have the greatest advantage. Dylan Hunt is accidentally found and rescued by an organization calling themselves "PAX" . PAX members are the descendants of the NASA personnel who worked and lived at the Carlsbad Installation in Dylan\'s time. They are explorers and "scientists" who preserve what little information and technology survive from before the Conflict, and who seek to learn and acquire more in an effort to build a new civilization. Members of PAX find Dylan Hunt still sealed in the hibernation chamber. They revive him, and are thrilled to meet a survivor from before the Conflict. An elaborate "Subshuttle" subterranean rapid transit system was constructed during the 1970s, due to the vulnerability of air transportation to attack. The Subshuttles utilized a magnetic levitation rail system. They operated inside vactrain tunnels and ran at hundreds of miles per hour. The tunnel network was comprehensive enough to cover the entire globe. The PAX organization inherited the still-working system and used it to dispatch their teams of troubleshooters. In the area once known as Arizona and New Mexico a totalitarian regime known as the Tyranians rule the area. The Tyranians are mutants who possess greater physical prowess than non-mutated humans; they can be identified by their dual navels. Their leader discovers that Hunt has knowledge of nuclear power systems, and they offer him great rewards if he can repair their failing nuclear power generator. However, once he is in their power they attempt to force him to reactivate a nuclear missile system in their possession, with which they intend to destroy their enemies and dominate the region. Hunt is appalled by this small-scale replay of the events that must have led to the Conflict. He leads a revolt of the enslaved citizenry, sabotages the nuclear device, and destroys the reactor. To Hunt\'s dismay, the PAX leaders assert their pacifist nature and intentions. They are attempting to rebuild an idealistic society using all that was deemed "good" from Earth\'s past, and they regard Hunt\'s interference with a rival civilization and his destructive tactics as antithetical to this end. However, they also see great good in him and value his knowledge of the past. They ask Hunt to join PAX permanently but only if he can agree to never again take human lives. Hunt half-heartedly agrees. Security Chief Yuloff states that the rationale of taking lives to justify the saving of lives was what allowed "The Great Conflict" to happen in the first place.  The following are story concepts that were in development during the production of Genesis II that would have become individual episodes had the network approved the series. *"Company B" - A "Trojan Horse" suicide squad from the days of the great conflict comes out of suspended animation and attacks PAX. They represent the 1995 A.D. ideal of a perfect soldier. *"London Express" - A hair raising journey through submerged portions of the North Atlantic subshuttle tube to mysterious London of 2133 A.D. Dylan Hunt and Team-21 meet Lyra-A there and the mad monarch King Charles X. *"Robots Return" - The advanced computers and sophisticated machinery left on a moon of Jupiter by a 1992 NASA expedition have evolved into a new form of robot life and visit Earth in search of the "God" which created their life. They meet Dylan Hunt, formerly of NASA and consider him a messiah. This story idea was later developed into the script for Star Trek: The Motion Picture, and, shares that work\'s thematic similarities to "The Changeling", written by John Meredyth Lucas. *"Poodle Shop" - Dylan Hunt is captured and put on sale by the females in a strange society where men are treated as domestic pets and often traded back and forth for breeding purposes. This story idea would later turn into the second pilot, Planet Earth. *"The Apartment" - Trapped inside 20th century ruins by a mysterious force field, Dylan Hunt is catapulted through a time continuum back to 1975 where he can be seen as a "transparent ghost" by the girl living in the apartment there. A bizarre love affair with a surprise twist ending. The basic plot appears later as an unused Star Trek: Phase II episode "Tomorrow and the Stars". *"The Electric Company" - Dylan Hunt and his PAX team encounter a place where a strong priesthood holds a society in bondage through the clever use of electricity. The simple inhabitants see the flashes of light and the amplified voices as the sight and sound of "God", but Dylan\'s team ends the dominance of the priesthood when they come up with still better tricks. This episode superficially resembles the Star Trek episode "Return of the Archons". Source: - Lincoln Enterprises Catalog No. 6'] [' Earth is devaststed by a nuclear war in 2084. The sky is red from chemical waste, and was once the United States has become "Deathlands" inhabited by mutants. Communities ruled by powerful survivors are called "villes", and the one known asFront Royale had been ruled by a good man who is killed by his wife, Lady Rachel Cawdor . His son, Harvey Cawdor , kills one of his brothers and partially blinds his young brother Ryan Cawdor , who then escapes. After spending 20 years in the wastelands, the one-eyed Ryan returns to Front Royale accompanied by his girlfriend, Krysty Worth ; the teenage mutant Jak Laurent ; and weapons specialist J. B. Dix  to face his stepmother and brother and avenge his father\'s murder.'] ['The film opens in a demolished roadside diner, everyone inside has been slaughtered by a malfunctioning secret project codenamed Hardman. It was manufactured by Chaank, a megacorporation that produces military hardware. Public outcry ensues and Cale is introduced as the company\'s investigating Chief Executive. Ridley, head of the board of directors, tries to cover things up. Cale demands immediate and full public disclosure. She also wants Dante, who developed Project Hardman, fired. No one seems to care about the situation, besides Dante himself, who takes an eerie interest in Cale. He confronts her on a few occasions with knowledge about her finances, childhood and other personal information. Meanwhile, Cale wants to know what Dante is secretely working on in Vault 10. He never submits progress reports and is far from cooperative. Ridley, who is scared of Dante, refuses to help. He tells Cale that her recently deceased predecessor took interest in Dante\'s work and soon had a deadly accident at the corporate headquarters. During the conversation she lifts his access card so she can investigate on her own. At the same time a trio of stoner pacifist eco-warriors are planning to infiltrate the company\'s headquarters in order to destroy its digitally stored assets and put Chaank out of business. Somehow, Dante finds out that Cale has his card and confronts Ridley about it. He later kills the CEO with a mysterious invention. Carpenter calls Cale after finding Ridley\'s mutilated body which had an implanted life-sign transmitter. She investigates and finds out that whatever killed him came from the infamous vault 10. Taking matters in her own hands, she terminates Dante\'s employment and seals the vault. Dante is about to shoot her when the eco-warriors show up and take everyone hostage. The eco-warriors demand access to the building\'s secure area in order to destroy the company\'s digital bonds, but Cale refuses to cooperate. Raimi, the leader of the gang, goes to their alternate plan to cut through the bulkhead leading to the containment area. Dante, sensing his chance, "helps" them by suggesting they cut through one of the vaults surrounding the containment instead, suggesting they start at vault 10. Once the vault is open, Dante jumps in and activates his invention, called The Warbeast , which promptly kills one of the eco-warriors. Raimi flees, meeting up with Yutani and the subdued Cale and Carpenter. Dante broadcasts his demands over the monitor system, demanding that his employment be reinstated, and that Cale will be "interfacing with him on a regular basis". Raimi and Yutani cancel the operation and attempt to get out of the building, along with Carpenter and Cale.'] 