['The inhabitants of the isolated Scottish island of Todday in the Outer Hebrides are largely unaffected by wartime rationing...that is until the supply of whisky runs out in 1943. Then gloom descends on the disconsolate natives. In the midst of this catastrophe, English Sergeant Odd  returns on leave to court Peggy , daughter of storekeeper Joseph Macroon . Meanwhile, Macroon\'s other daughter, Catriona , has just got engaged to meek schoolteacher George Campbell ([[Gordon Jackson , though his stern, domineering mother  refuses to give her approval. Things take an unexpected turn for the better when the freighter S.S. Cabinet Minister runs aground in heavy fog late one night and begins to sink. The Biffer  and Sammy MacCodrun  row out to investigate and are ecstatic to learn from its departing crew that the cargo consists of 50,000 cases of whisky. Captain Paul Waggett , the stuffy English commander of the local Home Guard, orders Odd to guard the cargo, but Macroon casually remarks that, by longstanding custom, a man cannot marry without hosting a party in which whisky must be served. Taking the hint, the sergeant allows himself to be "overpowered", and the locals manage to offload many cases before the ship goes down. MacCodrun persuades Campbell to participate, though he had been sent to his room by his mother for a prior transgression. This proves fortunate, as Campbell rescues the Biffer when he is trapped in the sinking freighter. The whisky also fortifies teetotaller Campbell\'s courage enough so he can stand up to his mother regarding Catriona. A battle of wits ensues between Waggett, who wants to confiscate the salvaged cargo, and the wily islanders. Waggett brings in Macroon\'s old government nemesis, Mr. Farquharson , and his men to search for the whisky, but the forewarned islanders manage to hide the bottles in various ingenious places, including ammunition cases which Waggett ships off-island. When this is discovered, Waggett is recalled to the mainland to explain himself, leaving the Scots triumphant.'] ['When Mr Pedelty  leaves his firm, he is given a television set as a retirement present. At first he enjoys all the attention from his neighbours, but soon the attraction wears off, and he sells it on to a young married couple  living in the flat above him. They soon encounter the same problems, and again the set is passed on to several different characters all with the same results.'] ['The residents of the  rural village of Titfield rely on the railway branch line to commute to work and transport their produce to market. So they are shocked when the government announces that the line is to be closed. Particularly hard hit is the local vicar, railway enthusiast Rev. Sam Weech ; he comes up with the idea to run it locally. He and the local squire, Gordon Chesterford , persuade wealthy Walter Valentine  to provide the financial backing by telling him they can legally operate a bar while the train is running &ndash; he will not have to wait all morning for the local pub to open. The branch line supporters are bitterly opposed by bus operators Alec Pearce  and Vernon Crump , but, despite the fears of town clerk George Blakeworth , the supporters persuade the Ministry of Transport to grant them a month\'s trial period with an inspection at the end. Dan Taylor , a retired railway worker, knows how to run an engine and joins the venture. On the maiden run, Crump and Pearce try to block a crossing, first with their lorry and then with a passing steam roller operated by Harry Hawkins , but the steam locomotive is too powerful and pushes them off the track. The next day, Crump and Pearce persuade an irate Hawkins to shoot holes in the water tower, but the passengers form a bucket brigade and refill the engine from a nearby stream using buckets from the nearby farm. Defeated, Crump proposes a merger, but is turned down. The night before the inspection, Hawkins, Crump and Pearce use the steamroller to tow the unguarded engine and coach down the gradient. It runs off the track where the three men have removed a rail. Blakeworth is mistakenly blamed and arrested. Taylor and Valentine get drunk together and decide to "borrow" an engine from the Mallingford yards, but end up driving the engine along the main street of Mallingford and finally running the locomotive into a large oak tree. They are arrested. Weech decides to get the antique but still-functional Thunderbolt from the museum, and after liberating Blakeworth from the law, they persuade the mayor to support them. They also commandeer Dan Taylor\'s home, an old railway carriage body, which is hastily strapped to a flatcar. With Taylor\'s arrest, Weech is left without a fireman/stoker. Fortunately, the vicar\'s friend and fellow railway devotee, Ollie Matthews , the Bishop of Welchester, is visiting and, nothing loathe, is hurriedly drafted in to assist. Meanwhile, Pierce and Crump see Thunderbolt from the road and, distracted, run their bus into a police lorry and are also arrested. Weech and Chesterford also have to improvise a means of connecting the engine to the rest of the train since the coupling method had greatly changed since Thunderbolt{{\'}}s heyday. The village craftsman uses a length of rope, but warns Chesterford to be careful. As they are about to start their run, the police demand to be carried to Mallingford with their four prisoners. The Ministry inspector  refuses to adjust the starting time for the delay. During a braking test, the rope snaps, and Thunderbolt leaves the carriages behind. However, several villagers turn out and manage to quietly push the carriages to meet up again with Thunderbolt, with the inspector none the wiser. Joan Hampton  has to promise to marry Hawkins to get him to lend them the chain from his roller\'s steering mechanism to replace the broken rope. The train pulls into Mallingford station nearly ten minutes late. The villagers worry that this will prove their downfall, but it turns out that if they had been just a bit faster, they would have exceeded the speed limit for light railways. Instead, the line passes inspection, clearing the way for the Light Railway Order to be granted.'] ['Johnny Brent , whilst off school in quarantine for scarlet fever, manages to con a younger boy out of a magnet by swapping it for an "invisible watch". However the little boy\'s nanny accuses him of stealing, which makes Johnny feel guilty: he runs away but then tries to get rid of the magnet, particularly after an older boy uses it to cheat at a pinball machine and the owner thinks Johnny is involved. He then meets an eccentric iron lung maker who is raising funds for the local hospital and gives him the magnet which is later auctioned for charity. The iron lung maker tells the story of the magnet at the various fund-raising events he attends, exaggerating wildly and portraying Johnny as everything from a Little Lord Fauntleroy to a ragged orphan from Dickens, all the while hoping that he can find him again. After he returns to school, Johnny sees the little boy\'s nanny and overhears her telling her friend about her budgerigar, which she says has died of a broken heart. Johnny, however, thinks she is talking about the little boy himself and becomes convinced that he is guilty of murder. He hides in the back of a van which takes him to Liverpool, where he conflicts with local boys, winning them over by convincing them he is on the run from the police. He saves the life of one of them when he falls through the floor of a disused pier. The injured boy ends up in the very iron lung for which the fund-raising has been all about and when Johnny visits him he sees the magnet mounted on it - and also bumps into the inventor, who is delighted to have found the little hero at last. Johnny is awarded the Civic Gold Medal, which he gives to the magnet\'s original owner, his conscience clear.'] ['Mrs. Louisa Wilberforce  is a sweet and eccentric old widow who lives alone with her raucous parrots in a gradually subsiding "lopsided" house, built over the entrance to a railway tunnel, in King\'s Cross, London. With nothing to occupy her time and an active imagination, she is a frequent visitor to the local police station, where she reports fanciful suspicions regarding neighborhood activities. Having led wild-goose chases in the past, the officers humour her, but give her reports no credence whatever. She is approached by an archly sinister character, \'Professor\' Marcus , who wants to rent rooms in her house. Unbeknown to her, he has assembled a gang of hardened criminals for a sophisticated security van robbery at King\'s Cross Station: the gentlemanly con-man \'Major\' Courtney ; the Cockney spiv Harry Robinson ; the slow-witted ex-boxer \'One-Round\' Lawson ([[Danny Green ; and the vicious continental gangster Louis Harvey . As a cover, the Professor convinces the naive Mrs. Wilberforce that the group are an amateur string quintet using the room for rehearsal space. To maintain the deception, the gang members carry musical instruments and play a recording of Boccherini\'s Minuet  from String Quintet in E, Op. 11 No. 5 during their planning sessions. After the heist, "Mrs. W" is deceived into retrieving the disguised "lolly" from the railway station herself. This she successfully manages to do, but not without serious complications owing to her tendency to righteous meddling. Now the real difficulties begin. As the gang departs her house with the loot, \'One-Round\' accidentally gets his cello case full of banknotes trapped in the front door. As he pulls the case free, banknotes spill forth while Mrs. Wilberforce looks on. Finally, smelling a rat, she informs Marcus that she is going to the police. Stalling, the gangsters half convince Mrs. W that she will surely be considered an accomplice. In any case, it is a victimless crime as insurance will cover all the losses and the police will probably not even accept the money back. She wavers, but rallies, and the criminals finally decide they must kill her. No one wants to do it, so they draw lots using matchsticks. The Major loses, but tries to make a run for it with the cash. As the oblivious Mrs. W dozes, the criminals cross, double-cross and manage to kill one another in rapid succession. The Major falls off the roof of the house after being chased by Louis; Harry is killed by One-Round, who thinks Harry has killed Mrs. W after having a change of heart; One-Round tries to shoot Louis and Marcus when he overhears a plan to double-cross him, but leaves the gun\'s safety catch on and is himself killed by Louis; Marcus kills Louis by dislodging his ladder under the tunnel behind the house, causing Louis to fall into a passing railway wagon. Finally, with no one else left, Marcus himself is struck on the head by a railway semaphore signal over the tunnel, and drops lifeless into another wagon. All the other bodies have been dumped into railway wagons passing behind the house and are now far away. Mrs. Wilberforce is now left alone with the plunder. She goes to the police to return it, but they do not believe her story. They humour her, telling her to keep the money. She is puzzled, but finally relents and returns home. Along the way, she leaves a banknote of enormous denomination with a startled "starving artist".'] ['In Edwardian England, Louis Mazzini , tenth Duke of Chalfont, writes his memoirs while in prison awaiting hanging the next morning. Most of the film consists of a flashback in which Louis narrates the events leading to his imprisonment. After his mother elopes with an Italian opera singer , she is disowned by her aristocratic family, the D\'Ascoynes, for marrying beneath her. The couple are poor but happy, until he dies upon seeing his newborn son for the first time. As a boy, Louis\' only friends are a local doctor\'s children: a girl named Sibella and her brother. When Louis becomes a young man, his mother writes to Lord Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne, a banker, for assistance in launching her son\'s career. Lord D\'Ascoyne refuses to acknowledge their existence, and Louis is forced to accept employment as a draper\'s assistant. When Louis\' mother dies, her last request{{spaced ndash}}to be interred in the family vault{{spaced ndash}}is denied. Louis vows to avenge her. After Sibella ridicules his offer of marriage, Louis attends her wedding to Lionel ([[John Penrose , a former schoolmate with a wealthy father. He then has a chance encounter at his workplace with one of those in line for the family title of Duke of Chalfont: Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne . An altercation results in Louis\' dismissal from his job in trade. Louis then decides to eliminate those who stand between him and the dukedom. After causing the deaths of Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne and his mistress in a boating accident, Louis writes a letter of condolence to his victim\'s father, Lord Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne, who relents and employs him as a clerk in his private banking firm. Slowly becoming a man of means, Louis discreetly sees Sibella. He next decides to murder Henry D\'Ascoyne, an amateur photographer, but is also charmed by Henry\'s wife, Edith . After killing Henry with a darkroom explosion, Louis attends the funeral and views for the first time the remaining D\'Ascoynes, including Ethelred, the current duke. Louis poisons the Reverend Lord Henry D\'Ascoyne, then meets with a now-bankrupt Lionel, who begs for an extension of his loan. Noting he would prefer that "someone else pay for Sibella\'s extravagances", Louis agrees. He then pierces the hot air balloon from which suffragette Lady Agatha D\'Ascoyne is dropping leaflets, remarking, "I shot an arrow in the air. She fell to earth in Berkeley Square." Boer Wars veteran General Lord Rufus D\'Ascoyne falls victim to an explosive gift of caviar, while Louis\' quandary as to how to reach Admiral Lord Horatio D\'Ascoyne is solved when he insists on going down with his ship after causing a collision. When Edith agrees to marry Louis, they notify Ethelred. Ethelred invites Louis to the family estate, where he informs Louis that he intends to marry to produce an heir. A now anxious Louis quickly arranges a shooting "accident", but before murdering Ethelred tells him the reason. Lord Ascoyne D\'Ascoyne, who has suffered a stroke, is spared Louis\' attentions as he dies from the shock of learning that he has acceded to the dukedom. Louis becomes the tenth duke, but his triumph is short-lived. Lionel is found dead following Louis\' rejecting his drunken plea for help to avoid bankruptcy. Louis is charged with his murder and tried by his peers in the House of Lords. Sibella perjures herself and incriminates him. Ironically, he is convicted of the one death for which he is innocent. Louis is visited in prison by Sibella, who hints she could exonerate him if he would dispose of Edith and marry her. Louis indicates agreement, and moments before his hanging Lionel\'s suicide note is conveniently produced. Upon his release, Louis finds both Edith and Sibella waiting for him. Pondering his dilemma, Louis quotes from The Beggar\'s Opera: "How happy could I be with either, Were t\'other dear charmer away!" When a representative of Tit-Bits magazine interrupts his reflections to ask for the publication rights to his memoirs, Louis suddenly realizes he left his incriminating manuscript in his cell.  To satisfy the Hays Office Production Code, the film was censored for the American market.{{cite book}} Ten seconds of footage was added to the ending, showing Louis\' memoirs being discovered before he can retrieve them. The dialogue between Louis and Sibella was altered to downplay their adultery; derogatory lines about the reverend were deleted; and in the nursery rhyme "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe", sailor replaced the word nigger. The American version is six minutes shorter than the British original.'] ['Sidney Stratton, a brilliant young research chemist and former Cambridge scholarship recipient, has been dismissed from jobs at several textile mills in the north of England because of his demands for expensive facilities and his obsession with inventing an everlasting fibre. Whilst working as a labourer at the Birnley mill, he accidentally becomes an unpaid researcher and invents an incredibly strong fibre which repels dirt and never wears out. From this fabric, a suit is made—which is brilliant white because it cannot absorb dye, and slightly luminous because it includes radioactive elements. Stratton is lauded as a genius until both management and the trade unions realize the consequence of his invention—once consumers have purchased enough cloth, demand will drop precipitously and put the textile industry out of business. The managers try to trick Stratton into signing away the rights to his invention but he refuses. Managers and workers each try to shut him away, but he escapes. The climax sees Stratton running through the streets at night in his glowing white suit, pursued by both the managers and the employees. As the crowd advances, his suit begins to fall apart as the chemical structure of the fibre breaks down with time. The mob, realising the flaw in the process, rip pieces off his suit in triumph, until he is left standing in his underwear. Only Daphne Birnley, the mill-owner\'s daughter, and Bertha, a works labourer, have sympathy for his disappointment. The next day, Stratton is dismissed from his job. Departing, he consults his chemistry notes. A realisation hits, and he exclaims, "I see!" With that he strides off, perhaps to try again elsewhere.'] ['Henry Holland  is a timid London bank clerk who has been in charge of gold bullion deliveries for over 20 years. He has a reputation for fussing over details and panicking about suspect cars following the bullion van, and appears to be a man dedicated to his job and the gold\'s security. But, in fact, he has hatched the "perfect" plot to steal a load of bullion and retire. The one thing that has prevented this plan from being put into operation is that selling the gold on the black market in Britain would be too risky, and Holland is at a loss as to how to smuggle it abroad. One evening a new lodger &mdash; artist Alfred Pendlebury  &mdash; arrives at the boarding house where Holland lives in Lavender Hill. Pendlebury owns a foundry that makes presents and souvenirs that are sold in many resorts, including foreign ones. Noticing how similar the foundry is to the place where the gold is made into ingots, Holland decides that the ideal way of smuggling the gold out of the country would be as Eiffel Tower paperweights sold in Paris, and puts this hypothetically to his new friend: "By Jove, Holland, it\'s a good job we\'re both honest men." "It is indeed, Pendlebury." When Holland suddenly finds that he is about to be transferred to another department at the bank, he and Pendlebury quickly move into action. They recruit two petty crooks, Lackery Wood  and Shorty Fisher , to help them carry out the robbery. The plan is simple but clever, and it succeeds: Wood and Fisher carry out the hijack of the bullion van and switch the gold to Pendlebury\'s works van. Holland, who is supposedly assaulted and almost drowned in the robbery, becomes the hero of the hour. The police find themselves running around in circles, unable to track down the "master criminal" who is in fact right under their noses giving them false statements and misleading clues. Meanwhile, Holland and his associates melt the gold in Pendlebury\'s foundry and export it to France disguised as miniature Eiffel Towers. The plan goes wrong when the woman who runs the Eiffel Tower souvenir kiosk misunderstands what she is supposed to do, and instead of holding back the specially-marked box of Eiffel Towers, opens it and puts the souvenirs out for sale. Pendlebury and Holland, who have adopted the names of "Al" and "Dutch", arrive to retrieve their disguised bullion only to find that six of the towers have been sold to a party of British schoolgirls. A wild chase back to the Channel ferry follows but all sorts of hold-ups, including problems with the customs men, prevent them from getting to the ship and the girls in time. If just one of those towers is found to be gold then the game is up. Pendlebury and Holland therefore track down the schoolgirls and, in exchange for a similar tower and ten shillings, recover most of the loot. One girl however refuses to return hers since she intends to give it to a friend who is a policeman. The girl delivers the souvenir to the officer, who is at an exhibition of police history and methods at Hendon Police College. Also attending is a police inspector who is investigating the robbery. As part of the case he checked up on Pendlebury\'s foundry and was told that many souvenirs bought in foreign places are actually made in England. A sudden thought occurs to him and he orders the souvenir to be tested. At that moment Pendlebury snatches it and he and Holland make their escape in a police car. A confused pursuit then takes place through London, with Holland using the radio in the police car to give false descriptions of the vehicle in which the crooks are riding. Eventually, though, an officer succeeds in getting into their car and arresting Pendlebury. Holland escapes to Rio de Janeiro with the six gold towers, worth "twenty-five thousand pounds, enough to keep me for one year in the style to which I was, ah, unaccustomed." After the money is mostly gone, he is telling his story to a British visitor before they both leave the restaurant, handcuffed to one another; Holland has been found and arrested and is due for extradition back to the UK.'] ['William Horatio Ambrose  wants desperately to live up to the proud family tradition; the Ambroses have always been mariners, hence their family motto, Omnes per Mare . In humorous vignettes, Guinness portrays all six, starting with a confused caveman pioneer and ending with his own father\'s ignominious demise at the Battle of Jutland. Ambrose has a debilitating problem however: he gets violently seasick at the slightest excuse. As a result, his contribution to World War II consists of testing cures for the malady. When he retires from the Royal Navy as a captain, he purchases a dilapidated amusement pier  with his life savings. The workers are an apathetic bunch, led by an insolent Figg , who quits as soon as the new owner begins imposing some semblance of discipline. With the assistance of his new second in command, Tommy ([[Percy Herbert , and much hard work, Ambrose soon has the pier repaired. Then he has to deal with the local town council, headed by the crooked Mayor Crowley  and the hostile Arabella Barrington , who mistakes him for a peeping tom when they first meet. Every time he comes up with an ingenious way to make his business profitable, they see to it that the council outlaws it. When Crowley decides to confiscate and demolish Ambrose\'s pier and Barrington\'s bathing huts  to further his own business interests, she resigns from the council and informs Ambrose. He counters by registering his property as a "foreign" naval vessel , under the flag of the easygoing country of Liberama, which puts it outside the town\'s jurisdiction. He soon attracts many happy, paying passengers for his stationary inaugural "cruise". Thwarted, Crowley hires Figg to take his dredger and demolish the structure late at night. Using a seasickness remedy suggested by Barrington, Ambrose is able to take to sea and foil the scheme , but in the process, part of the pier becomes detached and floats away. He remains aboard to prevent salvagers from claiming it and drifts over to France, where he is hailed as a great naval hero.'] ['When some local children roll a tractor tyre down a hole, it sets off an unexploded bomb left over from the Second World War in Miramont Gardens in the Pimlico district of London. The explosion reveals a buried cellar containing artwork, coins, jewellery and an ancient parchment document. Professor Hatton-Jones  authenticates it as a royal charter of Edward IV that ceded the house and its estates to Charles VII, the last Duke of Burgundy, when he sought refuge there several centuries ago after being presumed dead at the Battle of Nancy. As the charter had never been revoked, Pimlico is legally part of Burgundy. Local policeman P.C. Spiller  is shocked to realise, "Blimey! I\'m a foreigner!". The British government has no legal jurisdiction and requires the Burgundians to form a committee according to the laws of the long-defunct dukedom before negotiating with them. Ancient Burgundian law requires that the Duke himself appoint a council. Without one, all seems lost - until a young man from Dijon  steps forward and proves that he is the heir to the dukedom. He duly forms a governing body; one of its members is the shrewd shopkeeper Arthur Pemberton . Very quickly, Burgundy  realises that it is not subject to post-war rationing and other bureaucratic restrictions, and the district is quickly flooded with entrepreneurs, crooks and eager shoppers. A noisy free-for-all ensues, which Spiller, the Chief  Constable of Burgundy, finds himself unable to handle. Then the British authorities close the "border" with barbed wire. Having left England without their passports, the bargain hunters have trouble returning home - as one policeman replies to an indignant woman, "Don\'t blame me Madam, if you choose to go abroad to do your shopping." The Burgundians decide that two can play this game and stop an underground train dead in its tracks. "The train is now at the Burgundy frontier", explains an agent of the newly formed customs and excise department. They proceed to ask the passengers if they have anything to declare. The infuriated British government retaliates by breaking off negotiations. Burgundy is cut off, like the western sectors of post-war Berlin, and the residents are invited to "emigrate" to England. But the Burgundians are "a fighting people" and, though the children are evacuated, the adults stand fast. As Mrs. Pemberton  puts it, "We\'ve always been English and we\'ll always be English; and it\'s precisely because we are English that we\'re sticking up for our right to be Burgundians!" Pimlico is cut off from electricity, food and water . The water problem is solved by a covert raid late one night, refilling the reservoir with hoses attached to the nearest fire hydrant on the British side of the border. Unfortunately, the food supply is spoiled when the cellar where it is being stored becomes flooded, and it appears that the Burgundians are beaten. Just in time, three Burgundian youngsters learn about this crisis and toss food across the border, setting an example for sympathetic Londoners; they begin throwing food parcels across the barrier in an improvised "airlift", echoing the one that ended the Berlin blockade. Soon, others get into the act. A helicopter drops a hose to deliver milk. Even swine are parachuted in . Meanwhile, the government comes under public pressure to resolve the problem. It becomes clear to the bumbling British diplomats assigned to find a solution, Gregg  and Straker , that defeating the Burgundians would be no easy task, so they negotiate. The sticking point turns out to be the disposition of the unearthed treasure. At last, the local banker  hits upon a novel solution: "A Burgundian loan to Britain!" With negotiations successfully concluded, an outdoor banquet is prepared to welcome Burgundy back into the fold. Just as Big Ben strikes the hour of reunification, the Burgundians realise they truly are back in England when a torrential downpour sends everyone scurrying for cover.'] ['The Maggie is a small, aged boat, a typical Clyde puffer. Mactaggart , a rascal of a captain, is in dire need of 300 pounds to renew his licence. By chance, he meets Mr Pusey  at the office of a shipping firm. Pusey, a proper Englishman, complete with bowler hat and umbrella, is trying to arrange for the transportation of some personal furniture for his boss, American Calvin B. Marshall , but the big company has no ships immediately available. Mactaggart gets the job when Pusey mistakenly believes that he works for the reputable shipping company and that the more modern vessel docked next to the Maggie is Mactaggart\'s. Marshall eventually learns the truth and sets out in pursuit of the boat by aeroplane and hired car. When he catches up with Mactaggart, he puts Pusey on board to ensure the cargo is transferred to another boat. But his underling is no match for the captain; he ends up in jail on a charge of poaching. Marshall realizes that he will have to handle the matter personally. After another costly chase, he boards the boat himself to spur its progress. However, the route and timing of the voyage is determined by local community priorities. Marshall\'s hostile attitude gradually softens somewhat. He is particularly touched by the loyalty of the "wee boy", Dougie , to his captain. At one point, when Marshall threatens to buy the boat from the owner, Mactaggart\'s sister, and sell it for scrap, Dougie drops a board on him, knocking him unconscious. At one of the stops, to attend the one hundredth birthday of a man, Marshall chats with a nineteen-year-old girl who is pondering her future. She has two suitors, an up-and-coming, ambitious storeowner and a poor fisherman. The American advises her to choose the former, but she believes she will marry the latter, explaining that he will give her his time, rather than just things. This strikes a chord with Marshall. He is having marital difficulties and the furniture is an attempt to patch things up with his wife. As they finally near their destination, the engine stops working and the boat drifts onto some rocks. The only way to save the Maggie is to jettison the cargo. Despite this setback , Marshall allows him to keep the money he so desperately needs. In appreciation of his magnanimity, Mactaggart renames his boat the Calvin B. Marshall.'] ["Two Welsh coal miners from Hafoduwchbenceubwllymarchogcoch, David 'Dai Number 9' Jones  and Thomas 'Twm' Jones , win a contest run by the Echo newspaper .{{Citation needed}} The prize is 100 pounds each, plus the best seats for an important rugby union match between Wales and England at Twickenham. For the naive Welshmen, this is their first trip to England. They are supposed to be met at the train station by Whimple , a gardening columnist on the paper, but they miss each other. Instead, the two miners become separated when Dai is picked up by attractive con artist Jo  after she overhears them talking about the prize money. At Jo's suggestion, she and Dai go to the newspaper to collect the money. The editor makes Whimple responsible for showing Dai around, but Jo soon manages to lose him. Whimple gets details of Jo's criminal methods from a fellow reporter and runs out in search of them. As they spend time together, Dai begins to fall in love with Jo, though he already has a girlfriend back in Wales: Bronwen, the boss's secretary. Meanwhile, Twm recognizes a familiar face: Huw Price , a down-on-his-luck harpist and traditional Chief Singer with whom he had once won the grand prize at an important Welsh music festival. They go looking for Dai . By the time they arrive at the Echo to collect Twm's share of the prize, they're sopping drunk. Not knowing who Twm is, the editor has the pair kicked out. Eventually, Twm and Huw give up and go to the rugby match, getting there just as it ends . There, they meet up with Whimple. Jo takes Dai shopping for a diamond ring for Bronwen; her confederate Barney  tries to cheat him, but Dai changes his mind about which ring he wants and ends up getting a fair deal. Jo takes him back to her flat so Barney can sneak in and steal Dai's money. Dai proposes that she move to Wales and offers to give her money to pay for the fare, but then he remembers Bronwen and changes his mind. Disappointed more than she expected, she steals his money. Just then, Whimple shows up and tells Dai the truth about the woman. A chase ensues. Dai gets Jo's purse, with the money in it, and runs to catch the train back to Wales, where he is reunited with Twm and Huw. Jo and Barney bring a policeman and accuse Dai of being a thief; to avoid trouble, Dai gives back the purse. As the train pulls out though, Jo throws him back his money, much to Barney's disgust."] 