['9-year-old Elias and his father are going for a walk in Berlin. Suddenly, Elias loses sight of his father. This is the start of an adventurous journey through the capital. But Elias has a problem: He doesn’t speak German! Fortunately, many people help him with his search and teach him basic lessons of the German language. Elias learns how to introduce himself, how to express feelings, names of food, the alphabet, the numbers from 1 to 10, and many other things...German for Kids Official Page'] ["A man takes his American freedoms for granted, until he wakes up one morning to find out that the United States Government has been replaced with a Communist system. The basis for this short film, narrated by Jack Webb, is the alleged Soviet re-creation of US communities for the purpose of training infiltrators, spies, and moles. The film begins in what looks like a typical American town. The camera moves back to reveal barbed wire, barricades, and soldiers in Soviet Army uniforms. Narrator Jack Webb informs us that there are several places behind the Iron Curtain used for training Soviet espionage and sabotage forces prior to infiltrating America. Webb introduces us to a typical American family of father Jerry ([[Jack Kelly , wife Helen , and daughter Linda  Donovan. Her boyfriend Bill Martin ([[Peter Brown  has been invited to dinner but while Jerry lectures Bill on football plays, Bill only has eyes for Linda. All is not well, as Jerry's missing his PTA meeting to go bowling, and his intention to miss his Army Reserve training does not go over well with Helen. Linda and Bill inform Jerry and Helen they wish to get married but Jerry is angered and says they are too young, but he would have no objection if they waited five years after university. Jack Webb explains how safe Jerry is in his world, but when Jerry goes to sleep, Webb looks grim and tells the audience Jerry is going to have a Red Nightmare. Jerry awakes to find meetings in the public square about infiltrating America to bring down Capitalism. He returns home to find his daughter going to a farm collective escorted by Bill, who is now in Russian Army uniform. Helen informs Jerry that he will have to address the PTA{{dn}} on the glories of communism, which Jerry refuses to do, but his wife says he has no choice. At work, Jerry's foreman  tells him that he has not met his quota and must work through the lunch break to meet it. On Sunday morning, Jerry wakes to find his two youngest children being sent to a State Communist school against his wishes. Jerry insists on the children going to Sunday School, and takes them to their church that has been turned into a museum glorifying the Soviet Union, including many inventions made by Americans which the Soviets claim to have invented. Jerry knocks the exhibits over, and is arrested by troops led by a Commissar . Jerry is brought to trial at a Soviet tribunal , where there is no jury nor a defense attorney. Jerry demands to know what he is charged with, but the rights Americans take for granted are long gone. After condemning testimony from several witnesses, including his own wife, Jerry is convicted and sentenced to death. When he is strapped into the execution chair, Jerry gives a speech about the Soviet people waking up one day to overthrow communism, before he gets a bullet in the head from the Commissar. Jerry wakes up to his freedoms and apologizes to Bill and Linda. Bill says that Jerry had a point about waiting to get married and he and Linda will do so after he finishes his enlistment in the US Army."] ['{{plot}} Chapter 1 - A Brand New Outfit: The title group  meets a little Monarch caterpillar. The caterpillar sings a song called "Buggy Wuggy", Annie begins singing, Leo conducts to "Buggy Wuggy",, while the other little einsteins, , sing "Buggy Wuggy", along with Leo. The Little Einsteins then discover a green truck with a tree on it. When the caterpillar gets in the back of the truck, he waves goodbye to the Little Einsteins, before the truck drives off. Suddenly, the truck gets bumped under a little hill, which causes the caterpillar to fly out of the back of the truck, Annie calls out to stop the truck, but the truck just drives away, leaving the caterpillar behind with the Little Einsteins. The caterpillar joins the Little Einsteins. The LE, later get some yellow leaves for the caterpillar when the caterpillar becomes hungry. The LE, then stop by the beach to watch the caterpillar eat it\'s leaves. When the caterpillar finishes his leaves, he begins singing again. The LE, then join in. After that, a thunderstorm comes by. The caterpillar is then blown into the air and ends up in the middle of the sea with a bunch of instruments. Annie manages to rescue the caterpillar by using the Clapper Catcher. Later, the LE, finally find the truck with the other caterpillars inside. The LE, later stop at a tree area. The caterpillar then gets on one of the trees, spins a chrysalis, and turns into a Monarch.  Chapter 2 - The Mission Invitation: After the caterpillar turns into a butterfly, the LE, get invitations by a Mailman Butterfly, everyone gets one, except for Butterfly. Butterfly becomes sad. Leo asks the Mailman Butterfly where the invitation for Butterfly is. He shows the pictures of where they need to go: Niagara Falls, a butterfly garden in New York City, inside a spooky cave in Oklahoma, and a barn in Texas. 3 trips later, the LE, finally find the missing invitation at the barn, where the cows are, and where the mailbox is. Leo conducts music to the cows, then the LE, finally get the invitation for Butterfly, the LE, along with Butterfly, head over to Mexico for the festival. June later discusses to the viewers that the butterflies fly to the festival, every year, and they travel thousands of miles, which is called Migration. After that, the Little Einsteins make a reprise of the butterfly song, "Buggy Wuggy" with the swarm of butterflies. After they do, Leo calls out, Mission Completion!, ending the film. The LE then do the Curtain Call. At the end of the Curtain Call, Leo says, See you on a next mission!, then the curtains close and a That\'s Silly segment is shown, before cutting to the credits.'] ['Unity is divided into four parts: Body, Mind, Heart and Soul. Part One focuses on food, emphasizing how the food consumed affects one\'s energy level and influences their mind. Part Two is devoted to an understanding of the human ego, which always perceives opposites in one another, . Part Three is centered on emotion and the human capacity to love, which actually enables us to go beyond these opposites. And Part Four is about a higher level of consciousness. The anthological film and audiobook present a hyperbolic reference to hominid taxonomic nomenclature that may serve as a microcosm of the Unity theme. Chapter two features the introduction of two hominid variants with their contrasting diets, Homo fructus  and the more aggressive Homo corpus , who branched from H. sapiens. Although H. fructus eat biochemically compatible food, inversely related to diseases of affluence, H. corpus consume ghoulish and self-injurious diets of animal tissue and ungulate liquefaction necrosis. Both psychological types naturally digest raw, whole fruit best and both degrade digestion with non-fibrous food intake.{{cite journal}}{{cite journal}} Psychosociological conditions  and decompensations  are attributed to the culturally-determined, cryptonecrophagous diets lacking phytochemicals. Hominidae also share the genetic capacity of empathic arousal, with further developed mirror neurons and abundant syntheses of oxytocin.{{cite journal |pages10.1073/pnas.0935845100 |title2003 |last1L. |journal100 |issuel7AWnfFRc7g>Decety, J., Ickes, W. "The Social Neuroscience of Empathy." Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 2009.  Esmeralda Mujanic commented that, Homo animalem corpem consumit means "man consumes dead animal" and Homo fructum consumit means "man consumes fruit."Esmeralda Mujanic, personal communication, April 16, 2009. But for simplicity, "H. corpus" and "H. fructus" are used, respectively. In actuality, there are relatively few genetic, metabolic or breast milk composition differences between hominids.{{cite journal}}McArdle, et al. . Human Energy Expenditure During Rest and Physical Activity. Exercise Physiology: Energy, Nutrition and Human Performance, third edition. Malvern, PA: Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. pp. 159-161.{{cite journal}} So, references to H. fructus and especially H. corpus reflect characteristics of psychological, not biological taxa. There are no distinct human biological typologies. Homo sapiens means wise  man . But if the abundance of available biochemical, comparative anatomical, psychological, epidemiological, sociological and anthropological research pertaining to aberrant behavior, acquired digestive disorders and rampant diseases associated with animal consumption is valid, then \'sapience\' is not a salient feature of humans taking meat or viscoelastic bovinae dairy, when food is available.{{cite journal}}{{cite journal}}{{cite journal}}Allen, M. W. Social Structure, Status Seeking And The Basic Food Groups. ANZMAC 2005 Conference: Consumer Behaviour. Pages 1-12. Retrieved online June 6, from http://smib.vuw.ac.nz:8081/www/anzmac20 … -Allen.pdf{{cite journal}}'] [' The film uses animated diagrams to detail the menstrual cycle.Film Threat review The Story of Menstruation is believed to be the first film to use the word vagina in its screenplay.<ref nameFebruary 2009}} The menstrual flow was depicted as snow white instead of blood red. As the copyright was not renewed by the Walt Disney Corporation, the film is now in the public domain within the United States, and is available for viewing on several websites.'] [' The parallel city of Monstropolis is inhabited by monsters and powered by the screams of children in the human world. At the Monsters, Inc. factory, employees called "Scarers" venture into children\'s bedrooms to scare them and collect their screams, using closet doors as portals. This is considered a dangerous task since the monsters believe children to be toxic and that touching them would be fatal. However, production is falling as children are becoming harder to scare and the company chairman Henry J. Waternoose III is determined to find a solution. The top Scarer is James P. "Sulley" Sullivan, who lives with his assistant Mike Wazowski and has a rivalry with the ever-determined chameleon-like monster Randall Boggs. During an ordinary day\'s work on the "Scarefloor", another scarer accidentally brings a child\'s sock into the factory, causing the Children Detection Agency  to arrive and cleanse him. Mike is harassed by Roz the clerk for not completing his paperwork on time. While working late at the factory, Sulley discovers that Randall left an activated door on the Scarefloor and a young girl  who has entered the factory, much to Sulley\'s horror. After a few failed attempts to put her back, he places her in his bag and hides when Randall arrives and returns the door to storage. Mike is at a restaurant on a date with his girlfriend Celia when Sulley comes to him for help, but chaos erupts when the girl is discovered in the restaurant, and the CDA is called. Sulley and Mike escape the CDA and take the girl home, discovering that she is not toxic after all. Sulley quickly grows attached to the girl and names her "Boo". The next day, they smuggle her into the factory and Mike attempts to return her through her door. Randall tries to kidnap Boo, but kidnaps Mike by mistake. In the basement, Randall reveals to Mike he has built a torture machine  to extract children\'s screams, which would make the company\'s current tactics redundant. Sulley stops Randall from testing the machine on Mike and reports him to Waternoose. However, Waternoose is revealed to be in allegiance with Randall and he exiles Mike and Sulley to the Himalayas. The two are taken in by the Abominable Snowman, who tells them they can return to the factory through the nearby village. Sulley heads out, but Mike refuses to follow him out of frustration. Sulley returns to the factory and rescues Boo from the Scream Extractor. Mike returns to apologise to Sulley and inadvertently helps Sulley defeat Randall in a fight. Randall pursues Mike and Sulley as they race the factory and ride on the doors heading into storage, taking them into a giant vault where millions of closet doors are stored. Boo\'s laughter activates the doors and allows the chase to pass in and out of the human world. After Randall almost kills Sulley by pushing him out of an open door, Sulley and Mike trap him in the human world using a door to a trailer park, where he is mistaken for an alligator and beaten up by a pair of hillbillies. They are finally able to access Boo\'s door, but Waternoose and the CDA send it back to the Scarefloor. Mike distracts the CDA, while Sulley escapes with Boo and her door while Waternoose follows. Waternoose is tricked into confessing his plan to kidnap children in the simulation bedroom and is arrested by the CDA. The CDA\'s leader is revealed to be Roz, who has been undercover for years trying to prove there was a scandal at Monsters Inc. Sulley and Mike say goodbye to Boo and return her home; on Roz’s orders Boo’s door is then destroyed. Sulley becomes the new chairman of Monsters Inc., and thanks to his experience with Boo, he comes up with a plan to end the company\'s energy crisis. Months later, Sulley\'s leadership has changed the company\'s workload. The monsters now enter children\'s bedrooms to entertain them, since laughter is ten times more powerful than screams. Mike takes Sulley aside, revealing he has almost rebuilt Boo\'s door, requiring only one more piece which Sulley took as a memento. Sulley enters and reunites with Boo.'] ['Dr. Jumba Jookiba is put on trial by the Galactic Order for illegal genetic experiments, including his latest creation, Experiment 626: an aggressive and cunning creature that is nearly indestructible and learns quickly based on their technology. Jumba is imprisoned while Experiment 626 is set to be exiled on a desert asteroid. However, during transport on Captain Gantu\'s ship, 626 learns about his security prison and manages to escape his cell to the hangar by cutting off the ship\'s power core. 626 hijacks a police car unit upon his escape, but finds himself outnumbered and outgunned. Surrounded, 626 activates the hyperdrive and breaks through to their defense, setting coordinates to the Planet Earth. The Grand Councilwoman orders Jumba to work with Agent Pleakley to recover 626 discreetly. 626 survives his escape attempt to Earth, landing on the Hawaiian island of Kaua{{okina}}i, but is knocked unconscious by a passing truck, and is taken to an animal shelter because he is believed by the truck drivers to be a breed of dog. After the recent death of their parents in a car accident, the older sister Nani Pelekai is looking after her younger, more rambunctious sister, Lilo. They are visited by Cobra Bubbles, a social worker, who is concerned that Nani cannot take adequate care of Lilo. He considers putting Lilo into foster care, but Nani is very much against this idea, as Lilo and she are the only remaining members of her family; Lilo does not help as she does not understand what may happen. After hearing Lilo in her room pray to be given a friend , Nani agrees to allow Lilo to adopt a dog. At the shelter, Lilo immediately takes a keen interest in Experiment 626, despite serious misgivings that Nani and the shelter worker have about him being a dog. Lilo names 626 "Stitch," and shows him around Hawaii; Stitch quickly discovers escape is impossible due to the island being surrounded by water  and suffers a nervous breakdown. As Nani attempts to find a good job, she is forced to bring Lilo and Stitch with her. Lilo uses the time to try to curb Stitch\'s aggressiveness by encouraging him to behave like Elvis Presley, whom she calls a "model citizen," as well as reading the book "The Ugly Duckling" to him. Stitch\'s antics, although at times foiling Jumba and Pleakley\'s attempts to capture him, also ruin Nani\'s chances of getting a job. David, a friend of Nani\'s, sees her at the beach, where she was trying to get a job as a lifeguard. David suggests they go surfing to improve her mood. While Nani, Lilo and Stitch ride on a huge wave, Jumba makes one more effort to capture Stitch from underwater; as a result, it appears as if Stitch attempted to drown Lilo. Although everyone gets safely to shore, Cobra saw the whole thing and tells Nani he will come by in the morning to take Lilo away from her and leaves feeling sorry for her. After Stitch sees how much trouble he has caused, he leaves, taking the ugly duckling book with him in hopes of finding his "family"." The next morning, as Nani waits for Cobra to arrive, David tells Nani of a job offer that she must respond to. Nani tells Lilo to stay at home while she goes to secure the job. Stitch, hiding in the nearby woods, encounters Jumba, who reveals that Stitch can never have a family or "belong" because he was just built to destroy. Stitch races to Lilo\'s house, followed by Jumba firing at Stitch with his gun. The two fight, Lilo quickly phoning Cobra for help. The house is ultimately destroyed by the end of the fight, with Nani and Cobra returning shortly after. As Nani and Cobra argue over Lilo\'s well-being, Lilo slips away to hide in the forest and finds Stitch, who reveals his true alien identity form to her. While she says how he ruined everything, they are both captured by Captain Gantu, who had been sent to capture Stitch after Jumba and Pleakley failed to do so, and he makes to leave Earth. Nani is shocked to see Gantu putting Lilo and Stitch in a container pod and taking off in the ship. Stitch, however, escapes from the container before the ship takes off. Nani then realizes that Stitch isn\'t what she thought he was, and demands he speak, just as Lilo always said he did. While once again trying to capture Stitch, both Jumba and Pleakley are revealed to Nani, and tell her that they do know Lilo, and they can both get her back. Stitch, with help from Jumba\'s ship and by launching a gas tanker truck out of a volcano, is able to free Lilo and stop Gantu. After they land, they find that the Grand Councilwoman has arrived nearby, in order to capture Stitch personally. However, when she sees Stitch has learned to talk and bonded with Nani and Lilo, she realizes he has become a civilized creature. Using Lilo\'s certificate of Stitch\'s ownership, which proves that taking Stitch would mean stealing him from Lilo, the Councilwoman asserts that Stitch, now a part of Nani and Lilo\'s family, will live his exile on Earth with the humans as his warders. As her guards take Gantu away, she doesn\'t let Pleakley or Jumba return on her ship, and orders Cobra, a former CIA agent who previously met the Councilwoman at Roswell, to keep an eye on the new family. Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley become integrated into Lilo\'s family, and the house is rebuilt with the help of the three, David and Cobra.'] ["The Chicken of Tomorrow deals with poultry farming and egg farming in the mid 1940s. Filmed to educate the public about how poultry and eggs are farmed, it also deals with how advances in genetic engineering and technology produces a larger chicken. Eggs are farmed and kept in industrial incubators, and an equal number of chickens are used for meat and other products. Altogether, this produces more food for less money, and allows people to support local poultry farms without breaking the bank. This is relatively similar to today's poultry farming despite there now being technological differences."] ['Be Somebody touched upon about a dozen key points: * Shyness - A young actor asserts herself by using her temper. * Roots - Mr. T says "Ya can\'t know where you\'re going if ya don\'t know where you\'re from" and explains the symbolism of his gold chains. * Anger - Mr. T tells kids to use their anger, not lose it, but fails to fully employ this when a fly continues to bother him. * Frustration - Throughout the video, Mr. T tries to play the cello, eventually succeeding. * Styling - Mr. T encourages youngsters to dress up and express themselves. * Peer pressure - A group of kids on a dock take beer and cigarettes from the garbage, while nearby, Mr. T shakes his head and New Edition sings a song disdaining peer pressure. * Recouping - When a kid trips on the sidewalk, "Dr. T" shows how one can preserve their dignity after an "absoludicrous" mistake by playing it off as a break dance move. * Creating - A group of teenagers breakdance and encourage Mr. T to try some moves. * Treat Your Mother Right - Mr. T sings Treat Your Mother Right, a segment that was widely circulated on the Internet in 2005 and 2006. * Workout - Mr. T encourages lazy kids at a bus stop to use a boom box as a free weight and balance a bag of popcorn on their heads. * I Am Somebody/Rapping - Mr. T sings "I Am Somebody", as well as offering a few guidelines of rap. * Friendship - Mr. T gives his definition of "friendship", while a girl sings a song about it. * Mr. T\'s Tale - Mr. T tells his version of Romeo and Juliet and gives a pro-reading message. * Daydreaming - Mr. T explains how having dreams and goals contributes to success.'] ["  The film starts with an animated sequence, showing an anthropomorphic turtle walking down a road, while picking up a flower and smelling it. A chorus sings the Duck and Cover theme: There was a turtle by the name of Bert and Bert the turtle was very alert; when danger threatened him he never got hurt he knew just what to do... He'd duck! [gasp] And cover! Duck! [gasp] And cover!  He did what we all must learn to do  You  And you  And you  And you! [bang, gasp] Duck, and cover! While this goes on, Bert is attacked by a monkey holding a string from which hangs a lit stick of dynamite. Bert ducks into his shell in the nick of time, as the dynamite goes off and blows up both the monkey and the tree in which he is sitting. Bert, however, is shown perfectly safe, because he has ducked and covered. The film, which is about 10 minutes long, then switches to live footage, as a narrator explains what children should do &#34;when you see the flash&#34; of an atomic bomb. The movie goes on to suggest that by ducking down low in the event of a nuclear explosion, the children would be safer than they would be standing, and explains some basic survival tactics for nuclear war."] ["Linus is pushed to his limits when he learns his grandma is coming to visit and plans on ridding him of his childish security blanket. As Grandma’s arrival looms closer the Peanuts gang tries to help Linus learn to cope without his fuzzy crutch. Lucy is particularly eager to cure Linus' dependency using her own psychiatric techniques, and while Charlie Brown tries to help; he just doesn't have the heart to see Linus suffer. All the while Snoopy is constantly agitating matters because he wants the blanket for himself. In the end, insightful Linus points out that everyone has their own type of “security blanket” and in life a little security is a valuable thing."] ['The documentary follows the adventure of a young meerkat who is forced to leave his home by a group of meerkats who wanted more territory. Lost in the African savannah, he tries to reunite with his family, but encounters large, fierce, and deadly creatures.'] ['The hour-long film\'s plot centers around a magical world inside of a coloring book. Two children named Scott and Laurie are happily coloring one day when their old basset hound Barney bothers them. They decide to go outside and play, but Barney stays behind. In doing so, he notices that a colorful stick inside of the book\'s pages is spinning. Then, a rainbow shoots from the paper, and Barney vanishes! Hoping to find him, the kids go back inside. They cannot see him in the real world, but notice a dog that looks exactly like him in the coloring book. Realizing that, somehow, the dog is Barney, they are teleported into the book as well! They instantly find themselves in a world where balloons grow on trees and rocks smile. As they explore, they overhear strange whistling sounds and singing in the distance. The sounds are coming from the Spurdlegurgles, who wear yellow. After they sing their songs about being happy, they march away, leaving the children to meet a woman named Sillywhim. She, who gets her name from her free spirit , explains that she used her magic to bring them into Sillyville. When asked why, she explains a problem. It seems that, at some time in the recent past, the various groups that live throughout Sillyville decided to stop liking each other. Each group has its own unique color, and based their dislike on that fact. In a reflection of their discord and lack of beauty, Sillywhim\'s bright colorful clothing has faded into a depressing monochrome. Now, she wants to have her old friends back, and implores the children to help. They, being nice, agree. To aid them in their quest, Sillywhim must turn them invisible, as their multi-hued clothing would offend other groups. She then leads them through the magical world of Sillyville, introducing them to the "colorful" characters who populate it. First, the trio enters Sillyville Square, where they discover the harmonizing Twirlypops, all in blue. After helping them solve the dilemma of the line "begin again" in Michael Finnigan, Sillywhim asks if they want to come to the pond. They disagree, saying that there is "too much green" down there-and sure enough, the next group is the green-wearing Jingleheimers, along with the Fruggy Frogs. After having fun with them, Sillywhim gets the same response that the Twirlypops gave her. Hoping to find some refuge at the house of the red Bittybooties, the gang travels there. They are a large family, and entertain Sillywhim with their songs as well, but they, too, are prejudiced against other colors. Now depressed, Sillywhim does not know where to turn. The children try to think of a way to bring everyone together unknowingly. A party is suggested, but when Sillywhim tries the idea on the Spurdlegurgles, they balk. The children inspire her not to give up, and they decide to seek the aid of the purple wearing Pasha, a wise woman who is not affected by the color divisions. They go there, and meet with her various strange friends: the Wump, the Twiddle Birds, and the Roly Polies. While the children  enjoy the visit, Sillywhim ends up depressed again. Pasha tells her that she will have to bring the people of Sillyville together again to restore their friendship. After wandering through all of Sillyville, they are at a loss. Finally, in the Town Square, Sillywhim believes she has a wonderful idea, but before she can say it, she takes a bad fall and injures her ankle. She is unable to move, and the children, visible but willing to help their friend cry for help. All of the groups in Sillyville hear their cry, and rush to her aid. Pasha offers her diagnosis: the ankle is not broken, but must be wrapped. Not having any bandages, the people of Sillyville remove bows, handkerchiefs, ribbons, and scarfs from their own bodies and turn them into a makeshift cast. It alleviates Sillywhim\'s pain, but everyone also comments on how wonderful the colors look together. Then, slowly, they realize that they, too, make a wonderful rainbow by working and being together. In a flash of light, Sillywhim\'s colors are restored! The group realizes that fighting over the colors that they wear is a "silly" thing to do, and the children point out that Sillyville could not even exist without unity. Singing songs of reconciliation and joy, the groups hug and reunite. As they make amends, the world glows, and the children are transported out of the coloring book. They wonder if the adventure even happened, but when Barney reappears carrying a rainbow-colored stick, they smile and know the truth. The credits roll over coloring book images of the people in Sillyville living happily ever after together.'] ['In a plot similar to Singin\' in the Rain, Rabbit is named the first mayor of the Hundred Acre Wood for his great effort on planning their best friends picnic. Unfortunately, when Darby says that a mayor is in charge of everything, this goes to his head and he makes up a lot of rules, like "No Bouncing", "No Honey" and everything is by a schedule. By and by everyone gets annoyed by the new rules and finally when everyone  can\'t follow the rules Rabbit and Beaver, who becomes the vice-mayor, decide to divide the wood so that Rabbit can be mayor on one side, and Tigger can be mayor on the other. The problem is that the White Line separates the people on each side from their friends. Everyone, except Darby and Buster, can not move from their side which results to problems. Tigger and Pooh can no longer sleuth, Roo and Lumpy can\'t visit each other, Tigger and Rabbit no longer be friends, and goods, supplies and materials can\'t be traded . Rabbit sees the sadness and decides to cheer everyone up by having a picnic on his side and Tigger does the same. But the picnics are no fun due to everyone being separated.'] ["Oceans gives you details and facts about the journey of the ocean. The film begins on a beach and there are boys and one of them wonders what the ocean is. The scene cuts to the Galapagos where a clan of marine iguanas and horseshoe crabs wander. Then at night a rocket takes off and surprises the two clans. Meanwhile, the rocket takes off to outer space. Then goes to the trench where the larvae of sea urchin and the crustacean egg lie. Then comes to a swarm of moon jellyfish. Then at day a different type of jellyfish float along the current. Later at the coast of South Africa, a hungry mob of common dolphins, commorants, bronze whaler sharks, and brydes whales hunt sardines. After the feast, manta rays gobble down a few sardines. moments later a blanket octopus swims quietly along the current. Meanwhile the sardines start making odd shapes. At a beach sea lions rest in the sun. In deeper water, a humpback whale and her calf start to flipper slap, spyhop, and breach. Meanwhile the sea lions start hunting. the others on the beach watch sally lightfoot crabs crawl on the sand. The hunting sea lions are returning home, but some are eaten by a great white shark, and a killer whale. In the deeper waters a blue whale feasts on some krill. At twilight birds are flying back to their nests. At night carnivores are out to hunt on the reef including the mantis shrimp who kills a crab in the movie. In Australia, a Spanish dancer comes out of its home. At day bottlenose dolphins are leaping on the waves. Meanwhile a dugong and green sea turtle are feasting on sea grass. On the beach baby sea turtles have to make it to the ocean without being eaten by frigatebirds, which only one baby turtle survives. In the sea sailfish are feasting on fish. At a coral reef, creatures are minding their own business Beyond the reef a cuttlefish is eating crabs. After that, garden eels and razorfish act really smooth. After that, spider crabs start war. Meanwhile humpback whales, blue whales, sunfish, blue sharks, sperm whales and whale sharks migrate. Then a bunch of spinner dolphins, yellowfin tuna and manta rays swim for a long time. Far away an Asian sheepshead wrasse is mating. Miles away a sea otter is smashing clams. In Alaska, the humpback whales have made it to the feeding grounds. The scene cuts to netted sea animals including tuna, whale sharks, sailfish, sea turtles, and sunfish. Along the way the fishing boat as a hard time fighting the waves. Then a satellite shows the trash in the ocean. Underwater tons of trash is destroying a fur seals home. The scene cuts to the 2 polar regions Arctic and Antarctica. Then divers are discovering the ocean, and one of them swims with a great white shark! At the end the narrator says we shouldn't ask what exactly is the ocean, we should ask what exactly are we."] ['The animation begins as avuncular and humorous Professor Toto invites his class to watch a cartoon about a day in the life of a boy named Eric. Eric describes what he is doing, “I comb my hair,” “I put on my socks,” “I put on my shoes,” “I drink hot chocolate,” “Dad drinks coffee,” and “Mom drinks tea,” in school, lunchtime, park, snack time, dinner, and bedtime environments. Then the professor introduces his class to more foreign language words and images periodically prompting viewers to repeat and asking review questions such as “what is the cat wearing?” The animation introduces animals, clothing, colors, body parts, foods, action verbs, adjectives, prepositions, places, directions, shapes, sports, musical instruments, time, months, and seasons.'] 