['The film begins by studying the Zero Tolerance policies in public schools in the 1990s, which were designed to eradicate drugs and weapons at schools. By arbitrary application of this policy via unchecked authority, soon nail clippers, key chains, and aspirin were considered dangerous and violations of the rules. This policy, combined with Columbine-inspired fear, has resulted in kindergartners being suspended for using pointed fingers as guns in games of cops and robbers and students being suspended for having Midol and Alka-Seltzer. This policy has turned schools into Kafka-esque nightmares, absurd and demoralizing. Increasingly, issues once dealt with by the guidance counselor or a trip to the principal’s office are now handled by handcuffs and tasers in the hands of police.http://www.nhpr.org/node/29048{{dead link|date"huffingtonpost1">{{cite news|urlJonathan Kim: ReThink Interview: Cevin Soling, Director of the War On Kids |publisher 2010-03-29|accessdate"huffingtonpost1"/> Ritalin and other drugs are being over-prescribed. These strong drugs can have dire consequences, including suicide and murder. Some school shooters, including the Columbine killers, have used or been on these drugs. This film touches on an area almost completely ignored in any discussion of education - the genesis of compulsory education. Public schools are modeled after a Prussian system, one geared towards creating compliant soldiers.{{cite news|urlJonathan Kim: ReThink Review: The War On Kids - Education\'s Prisoners |publisher 2010-01-14|accessdate"cvillepodcast1">{{cite web|urlCharlottesville-Right Now: Cevin Soling » Charlottesville Podcasting Network |publisher2012-02-26 |accessdate"cvillepodcast1"/>'] ['At the start of the film the narrator, Danny  introduces the viewer to his friends. We see the children playing while, back at Danny\'s house, a tea party is being prepared for them. As the farmer opens a gate and drives his tractor through the field where the children are playing, Kim jumps up onto the trailer part, pretending the tractor is a train and shooting at it, while her friends are following behind. The tractor makes a turn, and she falls off and is run over, and the camera focuses on the horrified expressions of the other children, followed by close-ups of a large pool of blood on the ground and a broken toy gun. We then see the class teacher back at the children\'s school, removing the name tag from the storage peg for Kim\'s coat. In the next scene, the children are playing in the fields again as their parents prepare to go to the tea party. The boys want to play Football but the game changes to kick the can instead. While hiding from Danny, Tom walks along the top of the fence surrounding the slurry pit, but falls in. As he calls out for his friends, he is shown to slowly sink into the slurry and drown. We see that the children at the village school have been given a day off because of his death, and the class teacher is shown removing the books and toys from Tom\'s desk. Back at Danny\'s house, the table is being set for the children\'s party, and the children are again playing at being cavalry and later "Apaches." When the game finishes, the children wander into an equipment shed, and Danny picks up a bottle of chemicals, suggesting they "celebrate our victories by drinking the white man\'s fire water."  The contents are poured into a mug but the more cautious Michael points out that they don\'t know if this would be dangerous to drink. The children discuss whether or not the contents might be poisonous, and pass the mug around to sniff. They agree to mime-drink it just in case. Sharon takes the mug and accidentally swallows some of the liquid ; she spits it out and seems to be fine, but as the children go home, she is seen coughing and looks unwell. Later that night, Sharon is heard screaming for her mother; the next shot is of her parents clearing out what had been their daughter\'s bedroom, with a close up of the now empty bed. Danny comments that he does not understand why grown-ups drink. His parents pour whiskey from a bottle that looks exactly like the one Sharon drank from, showing how easy it would be for a child to mistake them. Later, the remaining children are again playing in the fields, and one of them narrowly avoids being run over by a tractor like the first victim. They are chasing each other, pretending to be characters from the television series Starsky and Hutch, when Michael accidentally dislodges a heavy iron gate and Robert is crushed beneath it. The camera focuses on the shocked expressions of the other two children as they watch the lifeless body, blood streaming from the ear, as more people arrive for the party. There are now only two children left, and Danny decides to go off on his own and look for more kids to play with him and Michael. He walks through the cemetery where his friends are buried, and meets some farmworkers at the top of the hill going for their break. He asks if he can sit on the tractor, and the driver says yes - but to be careful. In voiceover, Danny as "Geronimo" states that there will always be hope for the Apaches as long as one of them is left alive. He plays behind the wheel pretending to be driving a racing car but accidentally releases the handbrake, and it careers down the slope as the farmer rushes to help him. The exterior of the tractor is shown as the camera focuses on the body of Danny in the tractor . His parents are then shown in his empty bedroom, the mother sits miserably in the room shaken by the events. There are funeral scenes of Danny\'s coffin being buried as the vicar commits him to the ground, before the mourners move on to the wake. Danny, whom we now know to be dead, talks calmly about his family all arriving for the "party" being prepared earlier in the film. Michael, also present, is revealed to be Danny\'s cousin - the only child not to have been killed by his own reckless behaviour, despite Danny having described Michael as "daft". Danny\'s voice fades into a ghostly echo as he sadly says he wishes he could have gone to the party. Closing credits show a long list of real children who had died in actual farm accidents in the year before the film was made.'] ['Cameron joins up aboard the Russian research vessel Akademik Mstislav Keldysh with a group of NASA scientists, as well as some American marine biologists, to investigate ten hydrothermal vents in both the Atlantic and Pacific. The vents have their own unique ecosystem, which support diverse organisms such as giant tube worms, swarms of blind white crabs, and vast amounts of shrimp which are capable of "seeing" water that is heated by the vents. These creatures do not require sunlight like other organisms, and instead obtain their energy from the vents. They are able to survive in the superheated and sulfurous water. Because of this, the documentary suggests that this is what life beyond Earth might look like. As some alien ecosystems are likely to be a lot harsher than a typical terrestrial ecosystem, these exotic vents provide an insight into some of the forms that alien life might take. The documentary shows Cameron\'s passion for exploring the oceans, as well as his interest in extraterrestrial life. It also showcases the technology employed to reach such depths. The film is similar to Cameron\'s earlier documentary, Ghosts of the Abyss , which involves him journeying to the wreck of the RMS Titanic. It too was filmed in the 3-D IMAX format.'] 