["Adam, a San Francisco-based artist who works as a cab driver on the side, is having a hard time committing to his girlfriend, Nina. She wants to take their relationship to the next level, but he hasn't really gotten over his ex-girlfriend, Kate, who left him for another woman and is reluctant to move forward with Nina because he's still hanging on to the idea that one day Kate will come back to him. Feeling neglected, Nina breaks up with Adam and starts seeing Kevin, a womanizing bartender who is also Adam's best friend. Meanwhile Rebecca, the new girl in town, gets a job in Kevin's bar and begins an affair with Anne, the woman Kate left Adam for. Tired of her infidelities, Kate breaks up with Anne and returns to Adam. However she soon realises that she's not in love with him anymore and breaks up with him for good. Rebecca soon tires of Anne and breaks off their affair. One day she meets Adam, who is finally attempting to move on from Kate once and for all, and they go out on a date. Nina and Kevin's fling turns into something deeper when she finds out that she's pregnant, an event that strains Adam's friendship with Kevin and threatens to ruin his budding relationship with Rebecca before it has a chance to begin."] ["The Great New Wonderful is a series of vignettes of incidents taking place concurrently around Manhattan. The only other thing linking the incidents is the month in which they occur: September 2002. Recurring themes include Frustration and Sugar. The vignettes include: * An accountant  undergoing a therapy session in the office of a passive-aggressive psychologist . * Two immigrants from India on security detail for a visiting dignitary. * An ambitious pastry chef  preparing a professional pitch that she hopes will make her the reigning doyenne of New York's competitive cake scene. * A Brooklyn housewife  fixes her husband's dinner and then sits at the kitchen table making collages out of old magazines while her husband sits on the balcony, smoking a cigarette. * Allison & David Burbage (Judy Greer, [[Thomas McCarthy  struggle to keep their marriage together while coping with their increasingly difficult and strangely self-possessed 10-year-old son."] ['A melodrama of a wealthy Los Angeles family - and the journey each one begins after a death in the family. The title of the film refers not only to the loss of life and love, but to a phrase used by most Angelenos while talking on cellular phones; I\'m Losing You... "I\'m Losing You" follows the path of each character after a cataclysmic event: the death of Bertie\'s young daughter Tiffany, in an "accident". The family comes closer together in the wake of such an event, seeking to recover from a blow that has driven each one to near madness.'] ['The film opens to the sound of a gramophone playing Axxon N, “the longest-running radio play in history”. Meanwhile, a young prostitute, identified in the credits as the "Lost Girl", cries while watching television in a hotel room, following an unpleasant encounter with her client. The Lost Girl’s television displays a family of surreal anthropomorphic rabbits who speak in cryptic statements and questions. Occasionally, there are laugh track responses within these Rabbit scenes. These three elements become recurring motifs throughout Inland Empire. The majority of the first act takes place in Los Angeles. A local actress named Nikki Grace  has applied for a comeback role in a film entitled On High in Blue Tomorrows. The day before the audition, Nikki is visited by an enigmatic old woman from Poland  who claims to be her neighbour. The old woman insists that Nikki has won the role, and recounts two Polish folk tales. One tells of a boy who, sparking a reflection after passing through a doorway, “caused evil to be born”. The other tells of a girl who, wandering through an alleyway behind a marketplace, “discovers a palace”. The old woman presses Nikki for details on her new film, asking whether the story is about marriage and involves murder. Nikki denies both, but her neighbour stridently disagrees. Disregarding Nikki’s troubled response, the old woman comments on the confusion of time, claiming that were this tomorrow, Nikki would be sitting on a couch adjacent to them. The film then pans to where the neighbour is pointing, and we see Nikki and two girlfriends sitting on the couch. Her butler walks into the living room – where the old woman no longer reclines – with a phone call from her agent, announcing that she has won the role. Ecstatic, Nikki and her friends celebrate while her husband Piotrek  ominously surveys them from atop a nearby stairwell. Some time later, Nikki and her co-star Devon Berk  receive an interview on a talk show called The Marilyn Levees Show. The host  asks both actors whether they are having an affair, to which each of them respond negatively. Devon has been warned by his entourage that Nikki is out-of-bounds, due to her husband’s power and influence. Later, on the set being built for the film, Nikki and Devon rehearse a scene with the director Kingsley . They are interrupted by a disturbance, but Devon finds nothing upon investigation. Shaken by the event, Kingsley confesses that they are shooting a remake of a German feature entitled 47. Production was abandoned after both leads were murdered, creating rumours of the film being cursed due to its roots in an old Polish folk tale. Immersed in her character "Sue", Nikki appears to begin an affair with Devon – under the guise of his own character "Billy". While filming a scene in which her character buys groceries, Nikki notices a door in the alley marked Axxon N, and enters. It leads to a room behind the studio, where she can see herself rehearsing her lines weeks earlier. When Devon is sent to find who\'s lurking backstage, Nikki realizes that she was the disturbance, causing her to flee among the half-built backgrounds and into the house of another character named Smithy. Despite the set being merely a wooden facade, Nikki enters to find an illuminated suburban house inside. Devon looks through the windows, but sees only darkness. At this point, the film takes a drastic stylistic turn. Various plotlines and scenes begin to entwine and complement each other. The chronological order is often confused or nonexistent. Inside the house, Nikki finds her husband in bed. Hiding from him, she encounters a troupe of prostitutes. One of the women advises her to “gaze through a burn hole in the silk”. Nikki complies and witnesses several strange happenings – many of which seem to revolve around her, or an alternate version of herself. The woman who plays Doris Side - Billy’s wife in the film , tells a policeman that she has been hypnotized to murder someone with a screwdriver – but finds the screwdriver embedded in her own side. A mysterious organization claims to have captives from Inland Empire. In the past, Polish prostitutes are confronted by strange pimps while murder permeates their city. Nikki, having become one of the prostitutes in the present, wanders the streets while her companions directly ask the audience “Who is she?” Both Nikki and her prostitutes frequently ask people to look at them, and say whether “you\'ve known me before”. In a parallel plotline, Sue climbs the dark staircase behind a nightclub to deliver a long monologue to a Jewish Rabbi named Mr. K – which touches upon her childhood molestations, disastrous relationships and revenge missions. Her husband Smithy seems to be connected with both the pimps and the organization – and is said to be good with animals, hence his job with a circus from Poland. There is much talk of The Phantom, an elusive hypnotist. Convinced she’s being stalked by a red-lipped man, Sue arms herself with a screwdriver. Finally, Sue walks down Hollywood Boulevard, and is startled to see her doppelgänger across the street. Before Sue can investigate, Doris arrives and attempts to kill her, having been hypnotized by The Phantom. Sue is brutally stabbed in the stomach with her own screwdriver, causing her to stagger down the street and eventually collapse next to some homeless people on the corner of Hollywood and Vine. An Afro-American woman remarks that Sue is dying, then proceeds to debate with another, younger homeless woman about taking a bus to Pomona. Her companion talks at length about a friend named Niko – the prostitute whose blond wig makes her look like a movie star, thus allowing her to walk through the rich district without drawing attention. The Afro-American woman comforts Sue by holding a lighter in front of her face, until she finally dies, “having no more blue tomorrows”. Off-camera, Kingsley yells “cut”, and the camera pans back to show this has merely been a film scene. As the actors and film crew wrap for the next scene, Sue slowly arises, Nikki once more. Kingsley announces that her scenes for the film are complete. In a daze, Nikki wanders off set and into a nearby cinema, where she sees not only On High in Blue Tomorrows – encompassing some of the subplots of the film – but events that are currently occurring. She wanders to the projection room, but finds an apartment building marked *Axxon N*. Eventually, Nikki confronts the red-lipped man from earlier, now known to be The Phantom. She shoots him, which causes his face to morph first into a distorted copy of Nikki\'s own face, but then into something resembling a foetus bleeding from its mouth. Nikki flees into a nearby room – Room 47, which houses the rabbits on television, though she fails to see them. Elsewhere in the building, Nikki finds The Lost Girl, who has been watching and crying all along. The two women kiss, before Nikki fades away into the light along with the rabbits. The Lost Girl runs out of the hotel and into Smithy’s house, where she happily embraces a man and child. Nikki is then seen back home, triumphantly smiling at the old woman from the beginning of the film. The concluding scene takes place at her house, where she sits with many other people, among them Laura Harring, Nastassja Kinski and Ben Harper. A one-legged woman who was mentioned in Sue\'s monologue looks around and says, “Sweet!” Niko, the girl with the blonde wig and monkey, can also be seen. The end credits roll over a group of women dancing to Nina Simone\'s "Sinner Man" while a lumberjack saws a log to the beat.'] ['The film is set in the island of Puerto Rico. Because of its central location in the Caribbean, the island has become one of the main ports of drug entry from South America into the United States. The film follows the lives of three families in different levels of society affected by drug trafficking and crime in the island.'] ["The title refers to both a pub landlord's last call and the final wishes of a dying man, in this instance Jack Dodds , an east London butcher who greatly influenced four men over the course of his flawed but decent lifetime. The quartet gathers to scatter Jack's ashes in Margate, where he had hoped to retire to a small seaside cottage with his wife Amy , a dream that never was fulfilled. The four are professional horse race gambler Ray Johnson , aka Lucky, who fought beside Jack during World War II and has been his best friend since; former boxer Lenny , who is always ready to settle an argument with his fists; undertaker Vic , who acts as a buffer of sorts; and Jack's son Vince , a dealer of used luxury cars, whose relationship with his father never quite recovered when, as a young boy, he learned his real family perished in a wartime bombing and Jack and Amy took in the orphaned infant and raised him as their own. As the quartet journeys from London by car to honour Jack's request, with stops at Canterbury Cathedral, the Chatham Naval Memorial, the hop farm where Jack and Amy met, and a couple of pubs en route, they reminisce about their friend and recall their personal interactions with him over the years. Meanwhile, Amy is on a journey of her own to visit their mentally retarded daughter June , who has been institutionalized since shortly after her birth fifty years earlier. Over the years Jack barely acknowledged her existence, but Amy faithfully has visited her weekly, even though June has no idea of who she is or why she's there. Through frequent flashbacks that stretch across six decades, the stories of the events that brought these people to this point in their lives slowly unfold, ultimately revealing the importance of friendship and love."] ['In 1951, Sonny Crawford  and Duane Jackson  are small-town Texas high-school seniors. They are friends and co-captains of Anarene High School\'s football team and share a rooming house home and a battered old pickup truck. Duane is good-looking, amusing and popular, and dates Jacy Farrow , the prettiest  girl in town. Sonny is sensitive and caring, with a dumpy, unpleasant girlfriend, Charlene Duggs , whom he does not love; she shares his indifference, and they decide to call it quits. At Christmastime, Sonny stumbles into an affair with Ruth Popper , the depressed, middle-aged wife of his high-school coach, Coach Popper . At the sad little town Christmas dance, Jacy is invited by unsavory Lester Marlow  to a naked indoor pool party at the home of Bobby Sheen , a wealthy boy who seems to offer better prospects than Duane. Since Bobby is not interested in her as long as she is a virgin, she must get someone to have sex with her first. Duane and Sonny go on a road trip to Mexico — which happens entirely off-screen — and return to discover that Sam the Lion , their mentor and father-figure in town, has died of a stroke, leaving a will that bequeaths the town\'s movie theater to the woman who ran the concession stand, the café to its waitress, Genevieve , and the pool hall to Sonny. Jacy invites Duane to a motel for sex, but he is unable to perform; it takes a second attempt to alter her virginity status. Having got what she wants from Duane, she breaks up with him by phone, and he eventually joins the Army. When Bobby elopes with another girl, Jacy is alone again, and out of boredom has sex with Abilene , her mother\'s lover. When Jacy hears of Sonny\'s affair with Ruth, she sets her sights on him and Ruth gets nudged out very quickly. Sonny gets injured with a broken bottle in a fight with Duane, who still considers Jacy "his" girl. Jacy pretends to be impressed that Sonny would fight over her and suggests they elope. On their way to their honeymoon, they are stopped by an Oklahoma state trooper — apparently Jacy left a note telling her parents all about their plan. The couple is fetched back to Anarene by her father and mother in separate automobiles. On the trip back, Jacy\'s mother Lois  admits to Sonny she was Sam the Lion\'s erstwhile paramour and tells him he was much better off with Ruth Popper than with Jacy. Duane returns to town for a visit before shipping out for Korea. He and Sonny are among the meager group attending the final screening at Sam\'s old movie house, which is no longer a viable business. The next morning, after Sonny sees Duane off on the Trailways bus, young Billy , another of the town\'s innocents protected over the years by Sam the Lion, is run over and killed as he sweeps the street. Sonny flees back to Ruth, whom he has been ignoring since Jacy stole him away months earlier. Her first reaction is to show her hurt and anger, then the two slip into a haunting, beatific calm in her familiar kitchen.'] ['Set in the fictional English village of St. Mary Mead, home of Miss Jane Marple , in 1953, a big Hollywood production company arrives to film a costume movie about Mary, Queen of Scots and Elizabeth I with two famous movie stars, Marina Rudd  and Lola Brewster . The two actresses are old rivals who hate each other. Marina, who is making a much heralded comeback after a prolonged "illness" and retirement, when she, in reality, has had a nervous breakdown, and her husband, Jason Rudd , who is directing the movie they are making, arrive with their entourage. When she learns that Lola will be in the movie as well, she becomes enraged and vents her anger. Lola and her husband, Martin N. "Marty" Fenn , who is producing the movie they are making, then arrive. Excitement runs high in St. Mary Mead, as the locals have been invited to a reception held by the movie company in a manor house, Gossington Hall, to meet the celebrities. Lola and Marina come face to face at the reception and exchange some potent and comical insults, nasty one-liners, as they smile and pose for the cameras. The two square off in a series of hilarious and cleverly written and performed cat-fights throughout the movie. Marina however, has been receiving anonymous death threats. After her initial exchange with Lola at the reception, she is cornered by a gushing, devoted fan, Heather Badcock , who bores her with a long and detailed story about having actually met Marina in person during World War II. After recounting the meeting they had all those years ago, when she arose from her sickbed to go and meet the glamorous star, Babcock drinks a cocktail that was made for Marina and quickly dies from poisoning. The incident is unfortunate for Marina\'s mental state, and she is beside herself. Everyone is certain she was the intended murder victim. Once filming begins on the movie, she discovers that apart from threatening notes made up of newspaper clippings, her cup of coffee on the set has also been spiked with poison, sending her into fits of terror. The police detective from Scotland Yard investigating the case, Inspector Dermot Craddock , is baffled as he tries to uncover who is behind the attempt on the life of the actress and the subsequent murder of the innocent woman. The suspected are Ella Zielinsky , Jason\'s production assistant who is secretly having an affair with him and would like Marina out of the way, and the hotheaded actress Lola Brewster. Inspector Craddock asks his aunt, the renowned amateur detective Miss Jane Marple, who injured her foot at the reception and is confined to her home, for assistance. The main suspect, Zielinsky, is then killed by a lethal nose spray after going to a pay phone in the village, where she called the murderer and threatened to expose him. Miss Marple, now back on her feet, visits Gossington Hall, where Marina and Jason are staying, and views where Babcock\'s death occurred. Working from information received from her cleaning woman, Cherry Baker (played by [[Wendy Morgan , who was working as a waitress the day of the murder, the determined elderly sleuth begins to piece together the events of the fatal reception and solves the mystery. By the time she has collected all the evidence to indicate who committed the crime, however, another death occurs at Gossington Hall, which sadly closes the case on who the murderer in St. Mary Mead actually is: Marina Rudd, who has apparently committed suicide. In the film\'s denouement, Miss Marple explains the murders that have occurred. Heather Babcock\'s story was Marina\'s initial motive. Ms. Babcock suffered from German measles — a rather harmless disease to most adults, but problematic for a pregnant woman. Heather Babcock innocently infected Marina when she met her during World War Two. Marina was pregnant at the time; the disease caused her child to be born with mental retardation. Upon hearing Heather cheerfully tell this story, Marina was overcome with rage and poisoned her without thinking. She then spread the idea that she was the intended victim, delivering the death threats and poisoning her own coffee. Ella, who made phone calls to various suspects from the pay phone, accidentally guessed correctly, prompting Marina to murder her. As Marina is now dead, she will not be brought to justice. Jason, her devoted husband, confesses to Miss Marple that he actually administered the dosage of poison to save her from prosecution. However, Marina didn\'t touch the hot chocolate he made for her and rather poisoned herself.'] ['The plot revolves around the three sisters featured in Happiness: Trish , Joy , and Helen . Since the events of Happiness, Joy has married Helen\'s former neighbor Allen Mellencamp , who continues to struggle with his compulsion to make obscene phone calls. On the occasion of their anniversary, he gives Joy an engraved ashtray, which appears to be the same one given to her by Andy in the opening scene of Happiness. Trish has been raising her three children, Billy , Timmy and Chloe. She has begun dating recently divorced Harvey Weiner ([[Michael Lerner , who she hopes is normal. Trish\'s ex-husband, Bill  has been released from prison after serving a sentence for child molestation, and heads to Florida to find out how his family, particularly his eldest son, are doing. He finds brief solace in a one-night stand with Jacqueline , a self-described "monster" as filled with loneliness and self-hatred as he is; however, she kicks him out the next morning when she catches him taking money from her purse. Trish\'s middle child, Timmy , is preparing for his bar mitzvah and trying to determine what it means to become a man. Trish has for years told Timmy and Chloe that Bill had died, to avoid telling them that he is a pedophile. Timmy finds out, however, and is angry at her that she lied to him. When he asks her about the mechanics of rape, Trish urges him to scream as soon as any man touches him. Meanwhile, Joy takes a break from Allen, and heads to Florida to spend time with Trish. She begins having visions of Andy , a former co-worker who had committed suicide shortly after dating her. She briefly goes to California to visit Helen, who has become a successful screenwriter, and alludes to a relationship with "Keanu", but returns to New Jersey to discover Allen has committed suicide in her absence. She returns to Florida to attend Timmy\'s bar mitzvah. In the meantime, Bill sneaks into Trish\'s house to find Billy\'s college address. He pays Billy  an unexpected visit at Florida State University, where they discuss their past and the time that passed while Bill was in prison; in particular, Bill asks Billy a few very blunt questions about his sex life. Bill asks for forgiveness, but Billy refuses, saying his actions are unforgivable. Bill then disappears again, reassured that Billy will not turn out to be like him. Harvey brings his adult son Mark to dinner at Trish\'s, where he and Trish introduce their children to each other. At Timmy\'s request Harvey comes to Timmy\'s room, to have a talk. Timmy asks Harvey whether he is gay or a pedophile. Harvey denies being either, and, suspecting Timmy has been molested, tries to comfort him, touching his shoulder and hugging him. Terrified, Timmy starts to scream as per his mother\'s earlier instructions. Trish believes that Harvey had been trying to molest Timmy, and dumps him. Timmy has his bar mitzvah, during which Joy experiences visions of Andy and then Allen, who implores her to commit suicide as he has, but Joy declines. Timmy leaves the reception to find Mark , Harvey\'s son. He begs Mark (who, in [[Palindromes  for forgiveness, as his mistakes were before his bar mitvah . Mark grants him forgiveness, but notes that such gestures are meaningless. Timmy then says that all he wants is his father. In the background, Bill materializes in the same manner that Andy did earlier in the film, but walks offscreen as the film ends.'] ['The story revolves around an animal rescue shelter and the characters who work there. Kate runs the shelter and is involved with a married man, oblivious to the romantic interests of Morne, the local veterinarian. Sharifa, the receptionist, is desperately struggling to have a child and satisfy her husband. And handyman Jean Claude finds himself torn between his love for a single mother and the desire to emigrate.'] ['Lovers and Other Strangers revolves around the wedding of Mike  and Susan , intercutting their story with those of other couples among their families and friends. As the movie opens, Mike wants to call off the wedding, arguing that it would be hypocritical for them to get married when they\'ve already been living together for a year and a half. He only relents when Susan\'s father, Hal , tells him how Susan went to her first Halloween party dressed as a bride. Over the course of the movie, we meet: * Susan\'s WASP-ish parents, Hal and Bernice . Hal, we learn, is having a long-running extramarital affair with Bernice\'s sister, Kathy , who is afraid of being left as a spinster and is using the wedding to get some commitment from Hal. * Susan\'s sister, Wilma , and her husband Johnny . With two children, Wilma is feeling her age and misses the passion they had at the beginning of their marriage, while Johnny is more interested in watching Spellbound on TV than giving his wife attention. * Mike\'s brother, Richie  and his wife, Joan , who have grown "incompatible" and "unhappy" and are considering divorce. * Bridesmaid Brenda  and usher Jerry , who Mike and Susan "fix up" for the wedding. Nebbishy Jerry imagines himself a playboy, and spends most of the weekend trying to "score" with Brenda. * Mike\'s Italian-American parents, Frank  and Bea , who are relentlessly trying to persuade Richie and Joan not to get divorced.  All the plot lines play out through the rehearsal, wedding, and reception.'] ['Ex-fighter pilot and taxi driver Ted Striker  became traumatized during an unnamed war, leading to his fear of flying. As a result, he is unable to hold a responsible job and his wartime girlfriend, Elaine Dickinson , now a stewardess, leaves him. To win her back, Striker overcomes his fear and boards a flight from Los Angeles to Chicago that she is serving on. During the flight, Elaine rebuffs his attempts to win her back over. After dinner is served, many of the passengers fall ill, and fellow passenger Dr. Barry Rumack  quickly realizes that the fish dinner gave some passengers food poisoning. The stewards discover that the cockpit crew, including pilot Clarence Oveur  and co-pilot Roger Murdock , have all come down with food poisoning, leaving no one aboard to fly the plane. Elaine contacts the Chicago control tower for help, and is instructed by tower supervisor Steve McCroskey  to activate the plane\'s autopilot, a large inflatable doll named "Otto Pilot", which will get them to Chicago, but will not be able to land the plane. Rumack convinces Ted to fly the plane, though Ted feels unable to handle the pressure and the unfamiliar aircraft. McCroskey knows that he must get someone else to help talk the plane down and calls Rex Kramer . Kramer was Ted\'s commanding officer in the war, and despite their dislike, would be the best choice to instruct Striker. As the plane nears Chicago, Ted becomes increasingly stressed and can only land the plane after a pep talk from Dr. Rumack. Furthermore, lightning storms strike the plane, disabling some of its engines. With Kramer\'s stream of advice, Ted is able to overcome his fears and engine troubles and safely land the plane with only minor injuries to some passengers. Ted\'s courage rekindles Elaine\'s love for him, and the two share a kiss while Otto takes off in the evacuated plane after inflating a female companion.'] ["Sol  is a loser, heading towards his 20s, and he hasn't had a romantic relationship with a women in his entire life. Sure, he's slept with lots of them, including the excruciatingly obnoxious Tammie . But never anything more than a night. Sol's roommate Justin  is about to get married. He thinks he's happy, after being promoted from mailroom worker to the assistant of a snotty agent . The truth is, his wife  is a real bitch. But Sol hasn't given up, despite his parents'  insistence that he's next to nothing in the real world. These days he's hunting for a job as an actor, even though his visiting friend Happy , a well-endowed cowboy who gets all the ladies, is finding more acting jobs than Sol while standing around. Sol seems destined to fail, until his best female friend Chloe  decides to cheer him up. Sol could find love if he was really looking for it. But if his relationships are as successful as his job hunting, there probably isn't any hope at all.<ref nameComden, Danny |dateSol Goode|mediumLionsgate Home Entertainment}}"] ['A family is dislocated when small failings become extravagant lies. The film opens as a wealthy businessman, Servet, running a campaign for the upcoming election, is driving in his car alone and sleepy, struggling to keep his eyes open. Seconds later he hits and kills a pedestrian in the middle of the road. Servet panics when another car with a couple inside approaches. He sneaks away. Eyüp, a man living in a slum at the Yedikule neighborhood in İstanbul, with his wife and only son, is the driver of Servet. He wakes up in the middle of the night with his cell phone ringing. It\'s his boss, telling Eyüp to meet him immediately. Shivering in shock, Servet explains the current events to his driver. His excuse is if the fatal accident comes out in press it would terminate his political career, so he proposes Eyüp to take over the penalty and stay in prison for a brief period of time in exchange for a lump sum payment upon his release, whilst still paying his salary to his family so they can get by. Eyüp accepts the deal. An unspecified time passes, summer arrives, and Eyüp\'s son İsmail fails to enter college again. His mother, Hacer, who works in the catering division of a factory, starts worrying about her son after unpleasant events, and tries to convince him to get a job. İsmail suggests driving children between home and school but of course they don\'t have any financial source for this kind of an enterprise. İsmail asks his mother to request an advance payment from Servet without consulting Eyüp. Hacer meets with Servet, in his office after the election , and requests the money. After Hacer leaves the office and starts waiting for a bus at the stop Servet persuades Hacer to accept a lift from him back to her home. More unspecified time passes, and İsmail intends to visit his father. Things take a poor turn when he finds his mother having an affair with Servet. İsmail stands passive. After serving nine months in prison, Eyüp is released. He senses things are "a little peculiar" inside his home. Hacer is in love with Servet and insists on maintaining their affair. Servet disagrees. That night, Hacer and Eyüp are invited to the police station and informed that Servet has been murdered. Police officers interrogate the two and Eyüp finds out that Hacer was cheating on him. He denies knowing anything about it. İsmail confesses to his mother that he murdered Servet. Eyüp calms down when he pays a visit to a mosque. Afterwards, Eyüp goes on to speak with a very poor man who works and sleeps inside a tea house in the neighborhood. Eyüp makes the same proposition to the poor man, Bayram, that Servet made to him: to claim the crime committed by his son. Bayram agrees. The last scene shows Eyüp at his home\'s balcony, staring at the Sea of Marmara, and along with thunder it starts to rain.'] ["The film depicts the historic protest in 1999, as thousands of activists arrive in Seattle, Washington in masses to protest the WTO Ministerial Conference of 1999. The World Trade Organization is considered by protesters to contribute to widening the socioeconomic gap between the rich and the poor while it claims to be fixing it and increasing world hunger, disease and death. The movie takes an in-depth look at several fictional characters during those five days in 1999 as demonstrators protested the meeting of the WTO in Seattle's streets. The movie portrays conflicts between the peaceful protesters and a minority committing property destruction whose actions were widely covered by the media. Although the protest began peacefully with a goal of stopping the WTO talks, police began teargassing the crowd and the situation escalated into a full-scale riot and a State of Emergency that pitted protesters against the Seattle Police Department and the National Guard."] ["Caramel revolves around the intersecting lives of five Lebanese women. Layale  works in a beauty salon in Beirut along with two other women, Nisrine  and Rima . Each one has a problem: Layale is stuck in a dead-end relationship with a married man; Nisrine is no longer a virgin but is set to be married and in her conservative family where pre-marital sex is not accepted; Rima is attracted to women; Jamale , a regular customer and wannabe actress, is worried about getting old; Rose , a tailoress with a shop next to the salon, is an old woman who had devoted her life to taking care of her mentally unbalanced elder sister Lili , but has found her first love. The film doesn't refer to any of the political problems or recent warfare that has troubled Lebanon. Rather, Labaki's tale paints everyday people with everyday problems."] ["A Belgian criminal, wanted all over Europe for his crimes, is in the custody of the Police Department of Marseille to be watched for a few hours before transfer to a prison in Congo. Unfortunately Émilien  is tricked by the villain and convinced to let the prisoner go. After these events he's fired but luckily for him his friend Daniel  helps him one more time telling him the location where the criminal is located, having been the taxi driver who drove him after he left the police station, not knowing he was a criminal. {{cite web}}"] ['In 1995 four childhood friends — Samantha Albertson, the "weird" girl who likes performing seances and whose parents are divorcing ; Roberta Martin, a tough tomboy whose mother died when she was four; Chrissy DeWitt, a naive girl who is sheltered by her mother; and Tina "Teeny" Tercell, an outgoing girl who dreams of being famous -- reunite in their hometown of Shelby, Indiana. Chrissy is revealed to be living in her childhood home with her nerdy husband, Morton, pregnant with their first child and due to give birth any day. Teeny is now a Hollywood actress who has been married three times. Roberta is now a doctor and is living "in sin" with her boyfriend. Sam is now a science-fiction author and also serves as the narrator of the story. The girls are in Chrissy\'s backyard, reminiscing about the summer of 1970. Teeny and Samantha have not been back to their hometown in ten years. The story returns to the early summer of 1970 and the girls have one goal: to obtain the money needed to buy a tree house. While saving money for the tree house and avoiding the Wormers, four brothers who torment them at every chance, they sneak out one night to the local graveyard to perform a seance. To their surprise, they find a tombstone cracked down the middle, leading them to believe they resurrected the spirit of a young boy named "Dear" Johnny. The local library has no information on him, so the girls head to a town farther away by biking. Chrissy insists that they take a break. The girls rest under a tree, and a bird drops its feces onto Chrissy\'s head causing them to go to the lake to wash her hair out, which leads to them playing in the lake splashing each other. Roberta jumps from a tree into the lake and floats back up to the surface seemingly drowned, freaking the girls out and trying to decide who should give her mouth-to-mouth. Chrissy hastily says she will but before she can, Roberta spits up water into her face revealing it all to have been a joke, but Chrissy hits her in the face demanding that she "never scare her like that again", and the two chat with Roberta apologizing for what she did and Chrissy stating that Roberta is her best friend. They then see the Wormer boys skinny dipping in the lake not too far away. They make a big deal talking about Scott\'s penis and the size and talk about erections. They then decide to get back at the Wormers for an earlier prank by taking all of their clothes that are stashed on their bikes by the lake. They get the boys attention by showing they have their clothes and run off on their bikes making the boys chase them naked as they throw their clothes one by one onto the dirt road as they ride off. They then reach the next town\'s library. Roberta comes across an article concerning her mother\'s death, which reveals that she died in a car accident. Samantha then finds some information on Dear Johnny, including that he and his mother died together in a tragic accident. Before they find out more, they see that the rest of the article was torn out of the book, indicating that someone wants to keep his death a mystery. On the way home, they encounter a returning soldier from the Vietnam War, who they sit and talk to, and also gives them a pessimistic view of the war\'s progress. The next day, they visit Wiladine, a self-proclaimed psychic, to find out more on Dear Johnny. Using tarot cards, she determines that he was murdered. Afterward they hear about a softball game being played and head to the field. While the other three watch, Roberta steps up to bat, but hits a foul ball, which prompts Jimmy, the local bully, to declare that girls can\'t play softball. She walks up to him and punches him in the face, knocking him to the ground, and continues beating him. Samantha, Teeny, and Chrissy break up the fight, but Jimmy insults Roberta\'s mother\'s death, which causes Samantha to jump at him and beat him. When she gets home, she meets Bud Kent, a man her mother is having over for dinner. She dislikes him immediately and is cold towards him. Bud spills his drink on himself and takes off his jacket, while her mother gives him her father\'s shirt. She promptly storms out. Teeny is seen watching Love Story at a drive-in movie from the roof of her house when Samantha shows up. They decide to go to the store and hang out in the display model of the tree house. Roberta is playing basketball alone in her driveway when Scott Wormer suddenly shows up. They play for a minute and then sit on an outdoor bench by her house. They both question why they fight all the time and share a kiss. After a moment of silence, she warns him, "If you mention this to anyone, especially your brothers, I\'ll beat the shit out of you." At the tree house, Samantha and Teeny are playing Truth or Dare when Samantha suddenly tells her that her parents are divorcing, to her surprise. She talks about her desire to have a normal family, and starts crying. Teeny comforts her, saying that there is no such thing as a normal family. She then bites her favorite necklace in half and gives one half to her, as a "best friends for life" bracelet. It starts to rain so they leave the store. As they\'re riding their bikes, Samantha realizes that her bracelet fell off, and they stop to look for it. Teeny sees it in a storm drain, and Samantha reaches for it. Just as she gets her fingers around it, it slips farther into the drain. She climbs down there to retrieve it, and then the water rises and she begins to drown. Teeny attempts to pull her up, but can\'t reach her. Just as the situation seems hopeless, Crazy Pete, an old vagrant, sees what\'s going on, and jumps in after her. He successfully pulls her out and the girls thank him and see him in a new light, knowing that she would have perished had he not been there. The next day, all four girls are painting Roberta\'s garage. The Wormers pass by, and while most of them ignore them, Scott, in an out of character gesture, politely greets them, while looking specifically at Roberta. As the Wormers are walking away, the girls ridicule Scott, while Roberta says that he\'s not so bad. Later, they visit Samantha\'s grandmother, and ask her about Dear Johnny. She refuses to tell them, however, saying that it would be too much for them. Just then, her poker buddies show up to get her. She then rushes the girls to get out of the house, and leaves for her tournament. Instead of leaving, they sneak into the attic from the window and search for any more information regarding Dear Johnny\'s death. They eventually find a newspaper with the headline "Murders Stun Town", proving that he and his mother were indeed murdered. This revelation shocks all four of them as they realize that even their seemingly safe town can be dangerous. Roberta then flies into a rage, appalled that two innocent people were murdered in cold blood and the realization that her mother died painfully, despite her father\'s claims. Samantha then finally tells the others that her parents are getting a divorce. They then make a pact to always be there for one another, no matter what. They then go back to the cemetery to perform another seance to put Dear Johnny\'s soul to rest. His tombstone then rises in the air with a bright light surrounding it, frightening them. A figure appears in the light before revealing itself to be just a handyman. He explains that he accidentally cracked the tombstone with his tractor and they realize that they fooled themselves into believing that they resurrected Dear Johnny. From then on they decide to quit performing the seances, deeming them a waste of time. As they\'re leaving, they see Crazy Pete in the cemetery. The others leave while Samantha stays behind and follows him to Dear Johnny\'s new tombstone. She then comes to the conclusion that he is in fact Peter Simms, his father. She comforts him, while he tells her not to dwell on things in life. The two then go their separate ways. Some time after, the tree house is bought, and Samantha gives a narration: "We all used to try so hard to fit in. We wanted to look exactly alike, do all the same things, practically be the same people. And when we weren\'t looking, that changed. The tree house was supposed to bring us more independence. But what the summer actually brought was independence from each other." The film then jumps back to 1995, and Chrissy is in labor. They take Teeny\'s limo to the hospital, where Roberta delivers the baby, which is a girl. Morton arrives just then to meet his new daughter. Later, the ladies are in their tree house with the baby, playing Truth or Dare. After that and a deep conversation on how happy they are in life, they make another pact to visit more often. They see a group of kids playing Red Rover and join the game. The films ends with one final narration from Samantha: "You can run from the disappointments you\'re trying to forget but it\'s only when you embrace your past that you truly move forward. Maybe Thomas Wolfe never got to go home again but I found my way there, and I\'m glad I did."'] ["The movie is presented in five segments, each bearing a title: *The Stranger: Arden lives with her abusive, invalid mother. One day she discovers the naked body of a dead woman on the property. Arden becomes a minor celebrity, drawing the attention of Rudy, who tells her the dead woman is the victim of a serial killer preying on young women in the area. Rudy asks Arden out. Arden gets into a fight with her mother, which compels her to finally leave home. Arden has her date with Rudy. In the morning, Arden calls the police to report a woman  left alone at home. *The Sister: Leah is prepping the dead woman in the morgue when she notices a certain birthmark. Leah suspects that the dead woman is her sister, Jenny, who was taken from a nearby park fifteen years ago. She asks the sheriff to match the dental records. She is certain the dead woman is her missing sister, but Leah's parents refuse to believe their daughter Jenny is dead. The sheriff delivers the test result: the dead woman is NOT Jenny. *The Wife: Ruth is angry that her husband, Carl, constantly leaves her alone night after night. The next morning, she discovers clothing, wallets, and ID's in ziplock bags inside a storage unit that is supposedly empty. She matches the IDs to names in the newspapers of the serial killer's victims. Carl comes back late at night with scratches on his neck. After another argument, he leaves the house to go to the car outside. He pulls a trash bag out of the trunk and goes to the storage unit. Ruth asks Carl if he knows anything about the dead women, and he says no. Later that night, Ruth enters the unit and pulls everything out. She drives to the police station, but doesn't follow through with her plan to present the evidence she found to the authorities; instead Ruth returns home to burn the evidence. *The Mother: The dead woman has been identified as Krista Kutcher. Melora, Krista's mother, is notified. Melora goes to Krista's previous house and finds Rosetta, Krista's former roommate. During a tense conversation with Rosetta, Melora learns that her daughter Krista had been a prostitute, that she bore a daughter, and that Melora's late husband had sexually abused her own daughter Krista. The following day, Melora takes Krista's daughter home with her. *The Dead Girl: Krista buys her daughter a stuffed animal for her third birthday. One of her johns, Tarlow, promises to drive her to Norwalk, where her daughter is, but he backs out at the last minute. Krista goes back to her room and finds her room-mate Rosetta &mdash; implied to be her lover &mdash; severely beaten. Krista believes the culprit to be a man named Tommy. Krista vandalizes Tommy's car and, when he tries to stop her, she beats him up and leaves on a borrowed motorcycle. Krista calls Rosetta, and tearfully asks if Rosetta loves her; Rosetta doesn't reply, and Krista hangs up, heartbroken. When the motorcycle breaks down on the highway, Krista hitches a ride from Carl. The film ends with Krista smiling, and happily talking about her daughter."] ['{{Plot}} Junon Vuillard is Abel Vuillard\'s wife, and the iron-willed matriarch of the Vuillard family. Junon held her family together through many tough times, and although her willpower helped the family survive and prosper, it also has left many bad feelings among her children. Junon is still a handsome woman, and though her husband  has become obese and clearly aged, he retains a remarkable clarity, acceptance, tolerance, and unconditional love for his family, and it is clear that he and their love for each other is the lynchpin that holds an otherwise fragmented family together, albeit uneasily. The couple has three children, all grown and in their 30s. Their eldest daughter is Elizabeth, who is a successful playwright who is married to an equally successful man, Claude. They have one child, 16-year-old Paul, who is mentally ill and taking powerful medication to control his psychiatric problems. The couple\'s middle son is Henri, who drinks too much and has always fought and argued with other members of the family. He has a new girlfriend, Faunia. Ivan is the couple\'s youngest son. He is married to Sylvia, and they have two sons, Basile and Baptiste. Henri and Ivan are close friends with Simon, their cousin who was raised with them after the death of his parents. SImon works in Abel\'s small fabric dying plant, but is an avid and skilled painter in his spare time. He is also an alcoholic who has gotten in trouble many times for brawling in public. All three men dated or were interested in Sylvia at one time, but they manipulated her to think that only Ivan loved her; she married him and grew to love him. The Vuillard family\'s other son, Joseph, never appears alive in this film but is its core throughout, and the presence around which everyone\'s psyches revolve: he died of leukemia when he was six years old, despite a desperate effort to save his life by procreating another child who could be a bone marrow donor for him. It may be that part of the siblings\' poor relationship is the resentment they feel toward one another for not saving Joseph\'s life. Six years prior to the Christmas gathering that is the heart of this film, Henri faced bankruptcy. Elizabeth paid off his debts, but demanded that he never see her again, meaning he was left out of family gatherings as well. Henri kept his promise. The specific reason  for this banishment remains unanswered to the very end, but there is much speculation on the part of the family members throughout the film about what precipitated it, including incest. Just before Christmas, Junon learns that she, too, has leukemia and does not have long to live, though she is offered the potential of a longer lifespan if she gets a bone marrow transplant. Her family gathers at the Vuillard home in Roubaix, a small city in the north of France. The family immediately falls to bickering. Junon asks her children if one of them  will donate bone marrow to her that will allow her to survive. Henri and Elizabeth cruelly fight with one another, and Henri begins drinking heavily and hides Paul\'s medication. Paul fears that the blood test he will have to undergo may also reveal that his father is not his biological parent. Henri initially refuses to have the blood test, because, he claims, he has never loved his mother. Faunia, who is Jewish, has agreed to spend some time with the Vuillards before leaving to spend the holiday with her own family. Her honesty and gentleness have a moderating impact on Henri, and she manages to spend two days with the family before finally leaving. On 23 December, Rosaimée visits the family for dinner and fireworks. Rosaimée was Abel\'s mother\'s friend, although it is suggested that perhaps the two women were lesbian lovers rather than "just friends." Rosaimée tells Syliva that Simon stopped seeing Sylvia because he believed that she would be happier if she fell in love with Ivan. This deeply upsets Sylvia, who feels betrayed and manipulated by Simon. Henri finally has the blood test without anyone\'s knowledge, and discovers he can be a donor. He decides to do so despite his coldness toward his mother. Simon disappears on Christmas Eve and begins drinking heavily in local cafes, and the entire family rushes out into the snow to find him. Sylvia discovers him in a distant cafe, and she confesses that she knows Simon loves her. She and Simon spend several hours talking, then return to the Vuillard home and have sex. Paul tries to tell Henri about his fears. Henri convinces him that he is not his father, a fact reinforced by the blood test, and reassures Paul that he is not a moral failure for being afraid. The man and boy begin to bond, and Paul begins to improve almost overnight. On Christmas Day, Abel and Elizabeth discuss Elizabeth\'s longstanding depression, and Abel reads to her from the prologue to Friedrich Nietzsche\'s On the Genealogy of Morality about how well we know – or don\'t know – ourselves. Abel suggests that Elizabeth fears death, and that has led to her caution and depression. The film ends with Ivan casually discovering that his wife has had sexual intercourse with Simon , but the effect on him is not revealed – he seems remarkably blase, almost as though he has expected that this would happen one day. Sylvia seems to love Simon just as he loves her, and it is suggested that the two have agreed to become lovers. Paul decides to stay behind with Henri, who is having a positive effect on his mental health. Henri donates his bone marrow to Junon, but she announces, seemingly before there would be medical evidence of this, that her body will reject the transplant. Elizabeth speculates that Junon will live, but Henri is shown flipping a coin in the hospital in front of his mother and not revealing the answer.'] ['Soul Food is told through the eyes of 11-year-old Ahmad , follows the trials of the Joseph family, a close-knit Chicago family that gets together to have Sunday dinner every week, with plenty of soul food to go around. As Mother  Joe  has three daughters, who each have had varying success in life: oldest daughter Teri  has become a successful lawyer but has also suffered relationship problems ever since her younger sister Maxine  stole and married Teri\'s old boyfriend, Kenny . Teri\'s current husband, Miles , also a lawyer, desires to follow his dreams of being an R&B musician, which Teri doesn\'t seem to support. Youngest Joseph daughter Robin —nicknamed "Bird"—has just opened a barbershop/beauty parlor, and most of the family is uneasy about her marriage to Lem , an ex-convict. These problems are complicated when Mother Joe, the diabetic but wise and caring matriarch of the family and the glue that holds it together, suffers a debilitating stroke during an operation to amputate her leg and slips into a coma. Without her guidance, the family begins to fall apart. Teri takes in her troubled cousin Faith , who grows close to, and eventually gets caught having sex with Miles by Teri. As an ex-con, Lem cannot find a job, so Bird makes an uneasy deal with her ex-boyfriend Simuel St. James  to get Lem a job, but this leads to a series of events that eventually cause him to be arrested again. By contrast, Kenny and Maxine are reasonably stable, and have their third child at the beginning of the film; however, Teri and Maxine\'s constant feuding—stemmed mainly from Teri\'s jealousy of Maxine\'s successful relationship with Kenny and her frustration over everyone seemingly taking advantage of her wealth, as well as Maxine\'s resentfulness of Teri\'s bossiness and insensitivity to family tradition—are the main factors in what starts to drive the family apart. Ahmad, Kenny and Maxine\'s oldest child, is worried about the state of his extended family, and conspires to find a way to bring them all back together. Ahmad tells everyone about a stash of money that Big Mama had hidden away some time ago though everyone believes that this is simply a myth, however, Ahmad manages to get everyone together for Sunday dinner. Things go a bit uneasy at first but everyone is upset that there was no money at all; Maxine chastises her son for lying about the money but Ahmad says tearfully that it was the only way to get everyone back together again. As Maxine is comforting her son, the kitchen accidentally catches on fire, they all work together to try and to put it out; when they put the fire out, Uncle Pete, Big Mama\'s brother, comes down with his television and drops it to reveal the money that Big Mama had hidden away. Things start to go well for the family, despite Miles and Teri\'s divorce, he still comes by for Sunday dinner, Lem and Bird are expecting their first child, Faith is finally becoming part of the family again and Uncle Pete who never came out of his room, starts to join the family.'] ["Paul is an upper-class young man who is about to start at a grande école, one of the system of mostly public colleges to which students are admitted based on a highly competitive process and whose graduates often gain prestigious employment. He has chosen to live with two new roommates instead of his girlfriend Agnès. As a result, with his studies, he has little time to see her. Agnès perceives cracks in their relationship when she suspects Paul's attraction to one of his new roommates, the aristocratic Louis-Arnault. Paul denies any homosexual attraction, but Agnès decides to make a bet with him: whichever of them beds Louis-Arnault first, wins. If she does, Paul must stop exploring his sexuality; if he does, she will leave him. Before the bet plays out, Paul meets Mécir, a young Arab worker, who becomes besotted with him. With Mécir, Paul goes on a journey of discovery that changes many of his ideas about class, cultural differences and sexuality."] ['Suzuki is a high school student who aspires to become a great swimmer, however, he is the only person in the school\'s swimming team. Soon, a beautiful new swimming teacher starts work at the high school. Dozens of boys decide to join the swimming team, but when they realize that she teaches synchronized swimming , all but Suzuki and four other boys drop out. The teacher soon leaves work on maternity leave, and for some time the team is on hiatus. However, when Suzuki watches a dolphin show he decides to ask the dolphin trainer to be their coach. The dolphin trainer exploits them as free labour and has no intention of training them, and in an attempt to ditch them, leaves all his cash with them to have to practice "rhythm" using Dance Dance Revolution. When he runs out of gas, he returns to get some money and discovers that they are totally synchronized and doing well with the game. He takes them back and they continue to train. Later, while training in the sea, a tourist with a video camera films them, thinking that they are drowning, and the boys appear on TV. Seeing this, the boys who had quit rejoin, and are taught synchronized swimming by the five boys. Before the festival, the pool is drained when the water is used to fight a fire, but the neighboring girls school allows them to use their pool. The performance turns out to be a great success.'] ['Gloria  has been sent to her old hometown of Grimley to determine the profitability of the pit for the management of British Coal. She also plays the flugelhorn brilliantly, and is allowed to play with the local brass band, made up of miners from whom she must conceal her purpose. She renews a childhood romance with Andy , which soon leads to complications. It is later revealed during a confrontation between Gloria and the management of the colliery that the decision to close the colliery had been made two years previously, and that this was to have gone ahead regardless of the findings of her report; the report simply being a P.R. exercise to placate the miners and members of the public sympathetic to their plight. The passionate band conductor, Danny , finds he is fighting a losing battle to keep the rest of the band members committed. His son Phil  is badly in debt and becomes a clown for children\'s parties, but fails to prevent his wife and children walking out on him. As Danny,  collapses in the street and is hospitalised from pneumoconiosis or a similar disease, Phil, who is later revealed to be struggling with the guilt of having voted to take a lump sum rather than fight the closure of the colliery, has a breakdown while entertaining a group of children as part of a harvest festival in a church. Saying he doesn\'t know much about harvest festival, he offers to tell a story about God, which descends into a foul-mouthed satire about how the Tory Party was created  then, after being asked to leave, and being told "May God forgive you." gestures towards the effigy of Jesus on the cross and reels off a list of perceived injustices, asking "What the bloody hell\'s He playing at?" before parting with "You\'ve been great. My name\'s Coco the Scab." Later  he attempts suicide by trying to hang himself from the girders of one of the colliery\'s winding towers. He is spotted, still in his clown costume, by two security guards who, it is assumed, save him. Danny, lying in a hospital bed, notices Phil\'s clown shoes as he is pushed by the door to his ward on a trolley. While talking in the hospital, Phil reveals to Danny that in light of the colliery\'s closure, the band has decided not to continue playing. With the intention that it will be their last performance, the band,  play "Danny Boy" late at night outside the hospital. Andy, having pawned his tenor horn, whistles along with his hands in his pockets. After they finish, they all switch off their lamps. As the colliery itself is finally closed, the band finds success in the national brass band competition. Andy wins his tenor horn back in a game of pool, and having forgiven Gloria, after she gives them the money she was paid to compile the report,  the band travel to the final at the Royal Albert Hall in London,   where they are amused by the woman on the P.A. system in the dressing room\'s inability to pronounce colliery, with an older band member remarking "I bet she\'s glad the bugger\'s closed." Before departing, Phil leaves a note for Danny, which is found on the bed by a nurse along with Danny\'s pajamas the next morning. The note simply says: "WE\'RE GOING!" Danny arrives, in uniform, just in time to see the band win the competition with a stirring rendition of "The William Tell Overture", during which Phil notices his wife and children are in the audience. Danny refuses to accept the trophy stating that it\'s only human beings that matter and not music or the trophy and that "...this bloody government has systematically destroyed an entire industry. OUR industry. And not just our industry— our communities, our homes, our lives. All in the name of \'progress\'. And for a few lousy bob". However, despite this moving gesture, another band member takes away the giant cup with a typical Yorkshire "Don\'t talk so bloody soft". The film ends with Andy and Gloria kissing passionately on the upper deck of an open topped bus travelling through London, while the rest of the band play Land of Hope and Glory conducted by Danny.'] ["Filmed and set in Alabama, the film stars Danny Glover as the owner of a blues club that is failing until he hires a young electric guitarist . The film also stars musician Keb' Mo', actor/comedian Kel Mitchell and singer Mable John. Rhythm and blues singer Ruth Brown recorded some songs for the film and was cast to play a role, but died before filming started.{{Cite news}}"] ['The movie is about a small town in Alaska named Mystery, where hockey is the cohesive activity that unites the town. The "Saturday Game" is a weekly event of amateur four-on-four pond hockey played on the open ice of the town\'s frozen lake. The team consists of ten local townsmen of varying ages and occupations with two goalies and eight skaters publicly scrimmaging each other every Saturday. As there are only ten spots on the team, in order to make room on the roster for the younger up-and-coming town players an older more senior member of the team must be kicked off the team. After an article describing the town and its players appears in Sports Illustrated, a nationally televised exhibition game is scheduled between the NHL\'s New York Rangers and the hometown favorites in Mystery, Alaska.'] ['Each of the elements of life is portrayed using different characters, with the character Fingers  playing the character that intertwines all four individuals. ;Happiness Forest Whitaker plays a bank employee who loves butterflies. When he accidentally overhears a sure bet at a horse race he decides to bet $50,000, borrowing from the bookies. Unfortunately he loses the bet and is ensnared by the gangster Fingers, who runs that gambling/betting pool. Fingers derives his name from his habit of cutting off the fingers of those who don’t pay back their debts. When Fingers threatens Happiness that he will cut off his fingers if he doesn’t pay his debt, Happiness decides to rob a bank. After fleeing to a roof the police order him to drop his gun. He does not comply, throwing his bag with money into the street, and is killed by the police. When he hits the ground his coat is spread out making him look like a butterfly. ;Pleasure Brendan Fraser plays a man with a sad past and an ability to see the future of the people he meets, an ability that deprives him of the pleasure of enjoying the surprises in life. When he was young, he was forced to defend his younger brother in a street fight against two teenagers. Pleasure won the fight but found his brother lying dead. Pleasure often has flashbacks of this scene throughout the film. Later in life, Pleasure joins Fingers\' gang and becomes one of his favorites due mostly to his ability. He, however, cannot see the future of Trista . He is set to look after Fingers\' nephew, Tony. He has a vision of Tony climbing a fence and falling back. To avoid trouble, he leaves Tony in a club while working . Unfortunately, one of the girls that Tony is with, high on drugs, staggers into the next room. When Tony follows her, they struggle over a gun, and an older mobster gets shot. Pleasure rescues Tony, and they run from the henchmen, ending at the fence of the earlier vision. Tony gets away, and it is Pleasure who is caught by the henchmen, and beaten up. ;Sorrow Sarah Michelle Gellar plays a famous pop singer and dancer with the stage name "Trista" who works with a manager who is indebted to Fingers. The manager uses all of Trista\'s money to pay Fingers, but that is not enough, and so he gives Trista\'s contract to Fingers. Trista escapes from Fingers and meets Pleasure. Fingers, naturally, has already ordered his team to find her. In the meantime, Pleasure helps Trista by letting her stay in his house knowing that his house is the only place where Fingers wouldn\'t search. They become lovers, but eventually Fingers finds out, and kills Pleasure. Hers is Kp blood group, which she reveals when the interviewer asks her what is special about her. This becomes useful information after Love hears it on the television, at which point he is looking for blood type that is the same as Gina\'s; when he is trying to save her. ;Love Kevin Bacon plays a doctor who is in love with his longtime friend Gina . He never confessed his love and, so, she married his best friend. Gina gets bitten by a poisonous snake and needs a rare form of blood that only Trista has. Love tries to get into a building where Trista is filming a new video; however, her best friend is in the process of trying to help Trista run away. He runs to Trista. The bodyguards, thinking he is a crazed fan, grab him and Trista is accidentally knocked down, hits her head and ends up in the hospital. When she awakens, Fingers informs her that she will have to abort the baby that she has just become aware that she is carrying. In her sorrow that the one thing she has left of the man she loves  will be lost, she sneaks out of her room and goes to the roof where she intends to commit suicide. Love  sees her on the roof and runs up just in time to see her fall. He grabs the bed sheet that she had wrapped around her like a cape and catches her. He tells her she will have to come up and grab his hand for him to be able to pull her up. After she does this, the movie flashes to Gina, who awakens from her coma. Love gives Trista his car as a gift for saving Gina and she leaves the hospital. ;Ending Trista escapes in Love\'s car and hits Happiness , and as she sits at the intersection coming to grips with what has happened, the money he throws from the top of the building falls and lands on Trista\'s car roof. The film closes with Trista at an airport traveling away and Fingers looking for her in the hospital at the same time.'] ['Captain Yossarian , a U.S. Army Air Forces B-25 bombardier is stationed on the Mediterranean island of Pianosa during World War II. Along with other members of his squadron, Yossarian is committed to flying dangerous missions, and after watching his friends die, he seeks a means of escape. Futilely appealing to his commanding officer, Colonel Cathcart , who keeps increasing the number of missions required to be sent home before anyone can reach it, Yossarian finds that even a mental breakdown is no release when Doctor Daneeka  invokes the "Catch-22" that the US Army employs. As explained, an airman "would be crazy to fly more missions and sane if he didn\'t, but if he was sane he\'d have to fly them. If he flew them he was crazy and didn\'t have to; but if he didn\'t, he was sane and had to." Trapped by the convoluted logic of the Catch-22, Yossarian watches as individuals in the squadron resort to other means to cope; Lt. Milo Minderbinder  concocts elaborate black market schemes while crazed Captain "Aarfy Aardvark"  even commits murder. Nately  falls for a prostitute, Major Danby  delivers goofy pep talks before each bomb run and Nurse Duckett  resorts to belting Yossarian once in a while. Following an attempt on his life, Yossarian flees the hospital and sets out in a raft, paddling to Sweden, a refuge for one of his other squadron mates who successfully escaped the madness.'] ["Described as a comedy/drama/musical/romance, the story revolves around a Ukrainian immigrant named A.K.  who finances his dreams of rock glory by moonlighting as a cross-dressing dominatrix and his two female flatmates: Holly , a ballet dancer who works as a stripper and pole-dancer at a local club and Juliette , a pharmacy assistant who dreams of going to Africa to help starving children. The Gypsy punk band that appears in the film is portrayed by real-life Gypsy punk band, Gogol Bordello, who also contributed three songs to the film's soundtrack. The band's lead singer, Eugene Hütz, portrays the main character — a character with a philosophical attitude towards life. Madonna allowed additional dialogue written by Hütz himself to be included in the film."] ['Beautiful high society type Doris Worthington is entertaining guests on her yacht in the Pacific when it hits a reef and sinks. She makes her way to an island with the help of singing sailor Stephen Jones. Her friend Edith, Uncle Hubert, and Princes Michael and Alexander make it to the same island but all prove to be useless in the art of survival. The sailor is the only one with the practical knowhow to survive, but Doris and the others snub his leadership offer. That is, they do until he starts a clam bake and wafts the fumes in their starving faces. The group gradually gives in to his leadership, and then the only question is whether Doris will give in to his charms.'] ['Four teenage girls — Lena, Tibby, Bridget, and Carmen — are best friends from Bethesda, Maryland, who are about to separate for the summer for the first time in their lives. Lena is spending the summer in Greece with her grandparents; Tibby is staying at home; Bridget is going to soccer camp in Mexico; and Carmen is visiting her father in South Carolina. On one of their final days shopping together, the girls find a seemingly ordinary pair of jeans that fit them all perfectly and flatter their figures, despite their very different measurements. The girls dub them the Traveling Pants and decide to share them equally over the course of the summer. They part the next day, and the film focuses on each girl\'s journey separately. ;Lena Kaligaris Through the unexpected intervention of the Pants, Lena meets a boy named Kostos Dounas, a Greek-American like her. Lena learns from her grandparents that her family and Kostos\' family are sworn enemies stemming from an old family feud. Despite this, Kostos continues to pursue Lena, and the two develop feelings for each other. Lena holds back, though, until one day when she admits to herself that she is afraid of love. Once she makes this realization, she begins a secret relationship with Kostos in earnest. On their last night together, while they are dancing, Kostos tells Lena that he loves her. Before Lena can answer, Lena\'s family barges in, angrily pulling Lena away. Lena later confronts her grandfather and asks to go see Kostos before he leaves, to which her grandfather agrees. Kostos and Lena share a passionate kiss, and Lena confesses her love for him. ;Tibby Rollins While on the job at a discount department store, Tibby hears a loud crashing sound, and finds a young girl who has fainted in the deodorant aisle. She frantically calls for help, and the girl is taken away in an ambulance. Later, when Lena from Greece mails the magical Pants to Tibby, they are delivered to the wrong house, and someone comes to Tibby\'s house to deliver them - coincidentally, Bailey Graffman, the girl who had fainted at the store. Fascinated by Tibby\'s movie, or "suckumentary", and her movie making, Bailey becomes Tibby\'s self-appointed assistant. Tibby is annoyed by this at first, but gradually grows to accept Bailey. She later learns from Bailey\'s neighbor that Bailey has leukemia. Bailey eventually goes to the hospital with a bad infection. Tibby avoids the hospital for a while, but eventually visits Bailey, bringing the Traveling Pants. She offers them to Bailey and pleads with her to take them so that they can help her. Bailey responds by saying that the pants have already worked their magic on Bailey by bringing her and Tibby together. Tibby spends a lot of time with Bailey in the hospital after that. A couple days later, Tibby receives a phone call in the morning from Mrs. Graffman, Bailey\'s mother, saying that Bailey died in the night. When Carmen comes back home from South Carolina, Tibby visits her to try and help her with her feelings of being snubbed by her father. Tibby later goes to Bridget\'s house along with Carmen in order to bring Bridget out of a period of sadness she\'s going through. Over the course of the movie, Tibby undergoes dramatic changes in outlook due to her time with Bailey. ;Bridget Vreeland Shortly after arriving at soccer camp in Baja California, Mexico, Bridget develops a crush on one of the coaches, Eric Richman. She reveals to Eric and the audience that a psychiatrist who evaluated her following her mother\'s suicide described her as "single-minded to the point of recklessness," presumably as a way of avoiding dealing with her mother\'s death. This statement aptly describes Bridget\'s pursuit of Eric, despite the fact that flings between coaches and campers are forbidden. She flirts with Eric, shows off for him during games, and more. When Bridget\'s turn with the Traveling Pants finally comes, she puts them on that night and walks around outside Eric\'s cabin, leading him to the beach. It is implied in the movie  that Bridget loses her virginity to Eric. The event leaves Bridget feeling empty and listless, even once she returns home. After learning about this in a letter, Lena calls Carmen and Tibby, and they arrive at Bridget\'s house to cheer her up. She tells them she is worried she is like her mother, whose mood also swung easily from very up to very down, eventually resulting in deep depression and suicide. Carmen and Tibby comfort Bridget by reassuring her that she is stronger than her mother. Eric visits Bridget and apologizes for his behavior over the summer, and tells her that while she is too young for him now, he hopes she will give him a shot when she is older, giving Bridget some much-needed closure. ;Carmen Lowell During the summer Carmen goes to her dad\'s house in South Carolina. On arrival, she is shocked when her dad immediately introduces her to a new family that he is about to marry into; they are blonde White Anglo-Saxon Protestants, unlike Carmen who was raised by her Puerto Rican mother. During her time there her father and her new family neglect her emotionally, driving her to throw a stone through their dining room window, and catch a bus back to Maryland. At home she tells Tibby about her time with her dad and Tibby convinces her to confront her father with a phone call and finally tell him that she\'s mad at him. Carmen tells her father and he apologizes. Her summer ends with the four of them returning south where she is an attendant at her father\'s wedding, where at the reception he makes a public apology for having snubbed her.'] ["The film is mostly based on a series of seven loosely related stories of couples on Hampstead Heath in north London, featuring an ensemble cast. The scenes appear out of sequence and jump back and forth between one story and another. Husband and wife Jamie  and Molly  are lying on the grass, discussing footballers and multiple orgasms. Molly notices Jamie staring at a pretty girl nearby, Sophie . When he is challenged about it, he pretends he was looking at the book the girl was reading, L'Etranger by Albert Camus. Immediately seeing through his lies, Molly questions Jamie about the book, who claims it is a western about a man who eventually becomes sheriff. In order to embarrass Jamie and expose him as a liar, she then approaches Sophie to question her about the book as well. Iris  and Eddie , an older couple, meet on a park bench, and start talking about London's skyline and wondering about the couple to whom the bench is dedicated. They discover that they both come to the same bench on different days of the week. They are both widowed. In talking about their past, they also discover that, nearly fifty years before, they had met romantically at that spot and that is why they both kept coming back. They walk off to climb to higher ground, bemoaning the difficulty with climbing hills as they get older. They are bemused by the irony of meeting again, and have mixed feelings as they no longer represent an idealized partner in each other's minds. They talk about seeing each other again, but Iris also decides to visit her ex-husband's grave, now appreciating more their time together. Anna , a disturbed young woman with extreme mood swings, is crying and arguing with her boyfriend Ludo , who eventually walks off. She is then approached by a young man, Noel  who, in a confused way, asks after her welfare and tries to make her laugh. She asks to be left alone, but he sits next to her and appears to meditate. His weird behaviour interests her and they strike up a conversation, but she becomes annoyed with him. She suddenly orders him to have sex with her right away but subsequently leaves him with his pants around his knees. Noel re-appears in the film several times as he chances upon other characters. Gay life-partners Billy  and Brian  are also lying on the grass, discussing other gay men and The Good Life. Billy has trouble giving up casual sex with other men, while Brian wants him to be faithful to him. They later talk about adopting children, which Billy wants but Brian doesn't. Billy promises to give up casual sex when the two adopt children, which convinces Brian to think about it. However, seconds later Billy runs off in pursuit of an attractive man who passed them. Peter Brian Maxwell  and Sara Louise Williams  meet on a different bench. It transpires that they are married and have a seven-year old daughter, Eve , but are getting divorced from each other. However, they have mixed feelings about this because they still care for each other. Louis  meets Esther  and discusses Louis' father's funeral. Louis presents Esther with tickets for a holiday in Barbados. They discuss a variety of issues like a traditional couple, but in the end it transpires that Esther is an escort and is paid for her time with Louis. Gerry  and Julia  sit on a rug enjoying some red wine and cheese. They stumble over modern terminology for ethnic minorities and not being, or appearing to be, racist. They talk about former relationships and children and, as they are both in their early forties, Julia worries that she will no longer be able. The two are on a blind date together - Julia's first. They seem to be getting along well until Julia's attention is briefly drawn towards Louis, who passes them. Insulted by this, Gerry decides to leave abruptly."] ['Halliwell encapsulates the plot as "Harassed by their manager and Paul\'s grandpa, The Beatles embark from Liverpool by train for a London TV show."{{cite web}}'] ["The film takes place in Sweden around the turn of the twentieth century. Fredrik Egerman is a middle-aged lawyer married to a 19-year-old beauty, Anne. Their two-year marriage is still unconsummated, due to Anne's reticence. Fredrik has a son, Henrik, from his marriage to his late first wife. Henrik is in his early twenties and is studying to be a minister but is currently tormented by his love for his step-mother, who secretly loves him in return. Henrik is distracting himself from his urges by attempting an inconclusive affair with Fredrik's lusty young servant, Petra. Between his two marriages, Fredrik had an affair with a notable stage actress, the beautiful Desiree Armfeldt, but she broke off the relationship. Desiree now has a young son named Fredrik, born shortly after her affair with Fredrik Egerman.  Desiree is now having an affair with a brutal army officer, Count Carl-Magnus Malcolm. The Count's wife, Charlotte, is an old friend of Anne Egerman. Fredrik goes to see Desiree one night to pour out his marital troubles to her and ask for her help. Having fallen into a puddle outside Desiree's house, Fredrik ends up at Desiree's house wearing the Count's nightshirt. The violently jealous Count turns up and threatens Fredrik to leaves. After Fredrik goes, the Count treats Desiree violently, leading her to want to end her affair with the Count. The Count then tells his wife Charlotte about the encounter and orders her to tell Anne Egerman about Fredrik's supposed infidelity . Charlotte ends up confessing to Anne that she loves the Count despite everything and would do anything to be loved in return. To solve these woes, Desiree has her mother invite all the characters to her country house for a summer party. Over the course of one night, all conflicts are resolved. Henrik and Anne, upon unexpectedly finding themselves alone together in a bed, consummate their relationship and elope with the assistance of Petra and her new lover, Frid.  Charlotte then joins Fredrik in the garden pavilion.Learning his wife is with Fredrik, the Count bursts in and challenges Fredrik to a game of Russian roulette. Fredrik lose but the Count had loaded a chamber of the revolver with soot so neither party were ever in danger. The Count reunites with his wife, his feelings for her renewed by his jealousy. Desiree comforts Fredrik, appearing as if they will renew their relationship. The dilemmas of the four pairs of lovers appear to be happily resolved in the course of a night said by Frid to have smiled three smiles upon them all."] ['Columbia Air Lines\' Flight 409 is a Boeing 747-100 en route from Washington Dulles International Airport to Los Angeles International Airport. Scott Freeman, meanwhile, is a New Mexican businessman with an urgent sales meeting in Boise, Idaho. Failure to make this meeting threatens half his sales commissions for the coming year. He is en route in his private Beechcraft Baron. However, an occluded front has the entire West Coast socked in, with Los Angeles reporting zero visibility. That not only affects the Columbia flight but also precludes Freeman making his meeting in Boise. Both flights are diverted to Salt Lake City International Airport. Freeman\'s small plane and the giant Boeing 747 enter Salt Lake\'s entry pattern. Air traffic control assigns the jumbo to enter the pattern first, followed by the Beechcraft. As Columbia 409 is making its final approach, First Officer Urias feels a vibration on one of the adjacent panels and rises to check it out. Freeman, anxious about his missed meeting, makes a call to the Salt Lake Tower asking about the delay. The tower confirms that he is second to land after the big jet. Freeman suddenly suffers a massive heart attack. As he grabs his chest, the Baron falls out of the pattern and descends into the approach of Columbia 409. The Beechcraft impacts the flight deck just above the co-pilot seat. First Officer Urias, still standing, is instantly blown from the cockpit. Flight Engineer Julio receives massive cranial trauma. Captain Stacy is struck in the face by debris and is blinded. The impact knocks a male steward from the upper lounge down to the cabin below. Nancy Pryor, the First Stewardess, rushes up to the flight deck to find Urias gone, Julio dead, and Stacy badly maimed. Fortunately, the captain is able to engage the autopilot and the altitude hold switch to keep the aircraft in the air before losing consciousness. Pryor informs the Salt Lake control tower that the crew is dead or badly injured and that there is no one to fly the plane. She is told to stay on the same radio frequency. Pryor gives the assessment of the damage as a large hole on the starboard side of the flight deck that wiped out most of the instrument gauges over the engineer station. Joe Patroni, Columbia\'s Vice President of Operations, is apprised of Flight 409\'s situation. He seeks the advice of Captain Al Murdock, Columbia\'s chief flight instructor, who also happens to be Nancy Pryor\'s boyfriend, even though their relationship was "on the rocks" at that time. Patroni and Murdock take the airline\'s executive jet to Salt Lake. En route, they communicate with Pryor, who is still in the cockpit. While the autopilot is keeping the aircraft in level flight, it is inoperable for turns. Something has to be done, as the jet is heading into the Wasatch Mountains. After successfully guiding Pryor by radio on how to perform the turn, radio communications are interrupted and the Salt Lake tower is unable to restore contact. Unable to turn, leaking fuel, and dodging the peaks of the Wasatch Mountains, an air-to-air rescue attempt is undertaken from a jet-powered HH-53 Super Jolly Green Giant helicopter flown by the USAF Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Service. While the pilot is preparing to be released on a tether, it becomes apparent that 409 is heading straight into the side of a mountain. With radio communications still out, Pryor flies unaided. Captain Stacy is able to give a cryptic clue regarding the decrease in airspeed during a climb in altitude. Pryor realizes that she must accelerate to be able to climb over the mountain and successfully does so. After 409 has leveled off, the pilot is released towards the stricken airliner. Just as Pryor is helping him in, the release cord from his harness becomes caught in the jagged metal surrounding the hole in the cockpit. As he climbs in, his harness is released from the tether and he falls to his death. The only other person on the helicopter who can land a 747 is Captain Murdock. He is tethered to the rear of the helicopter, lowered to the jet and successfully enters it through the hole in the cockpit. He then lands the plane safely at Salt Lake City Airport, where the flight attendants successfully conduct an emergency evacuation of the passengers via the inflatable slides on the left side of the 747.'] ['Sheryl Hoover  is an overworked mother of two children who lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Her brother Frank  is a gay scholar of French author Marcel Proust, temporarily living at home with the family after a suicide attempt. Her husband Richard  is striving to build a career as a motivational speaker and life coach. Dwayne , Sheryl\'s son from a previous marriage, is an unhappy sixteen year old who has taken a vow of silence until he can accomplish his dream of getting into the US Air Force Academy in order to become a test pilot. Richard\'s foul-mouthed father, Edwin , a World War II veteran recently evicted from a retirement home for using heroin, lives with the family. He is close with his seven-year-old granddaughter, Olive . When Olive learns she has qualified for the "Little Miss Sunshine" beauty contest that is being held in Redondo Beach, California in two days, she is ecstatic. However, money is tight and due to various logistical issues, the only way to make the trip is if the entire household goes. Despite Richard, Dwayne, and Frank in particular not wanting to go, they all band together to support Olive and embark upon the 800-mile road trip in their antiquated yellow Volkswagen T2 Microbus. Family tensions play out during the journey, amidst the aging van\'s increasingly troublesome mechanical problems. When the van\'s clutch breaks early in the trip, the family discovers that they must push the van until it reaches 20 miles per hour and then run and jump in. Later, the horn starts honking unceasingly, resulting in the family getting pulled over. Throughout the road trip, the family suffers numerous personal setbacks, and discover their need for each other\'s support. Richard loses an important contract that would have jump-started his motivational business and saved the family from financial ruin. Frank encounters the ex-boyfriend who, in leaving him for Frank\'s chief academic rival , precipitated his suicide attempt. Edwin dies from an apparent heroin overdose. In order to reach their destination in time, the family smuggles his body out of the hospital, , planning to make funeral arrangements after the pageant. During the final stretch of the trip, Dwayne discovers that he is color blind, and therefore can never get a pilot\'s license, which prompts him to break his silence, refusing to continue with the trip and revealing his anger and disdain for his family. He storms from the van in tears, but is calmed down by a hug from Olive and returns to the family, apologizing for the things he yelled.  After a frantic race against the clock, Olive is almost refused entrance to the pageant for arriving at the hotel four minutes late. As she gets ready, the family observes the other competitors: slender, sexualized little girls with highly styled hair, heavily made-up faces, spray tans, adult-like sexy swimsuits, and glamorous evening wear, performing highly elaborate dance, musical, and gymnastic routines with great panache. It quickly becomes apparent that Olive  is not in their league. As Olive\'s turn to perform in the talent portion of the pageant draws near, Richard and Dwayne recognize that Olive is certain to be humiliated and, wanting to spare her feelings, run to the dressing room to prevent her from performing. Sheryl, however, insists that they "let Olive be Olive", and Olive decides to go on stage. She joyfully performs the dance routine that her Grandpa Edwin had secretly choreographed for her: a burlesque performance to Rick James\' song "Super Freak", innocently oblivious to the scandalized and horrified reaction of the audience. The organizers are enraged and demand Sheryl and Richard remove Olive from the stage. Instead, one by one the members of the family join Olive on stage, dancing alongside her, and Richard prevents pageant officials from touching his daughter. The family is next seen outside the hotel\'s security office where a police officer tells them they are free to leave as long as Olive never again enters a beauty pageant in the state of California. Richard tells Olive that her grandfather would be very proud of her, and the family happily piles into the ramshackle bus and heads back to their home in Albuquerque.'] ["The stage manager of a popular music hall is charged with murder. During his confession, we see the story of the music hall and its entertainers in flashback. When the music hall closes down, a trio of unemployed friends vow to bring the business back from the dead by staging a musical they hope will be a hit. If their gamble pays off, they'll have the money to buy the theater for themselves and the power to control their own destinies."] ['Kate  and Alex  are a couple living in a New York City apartment with their teenage daughter, Abby . Kate and Alex own a furniture store specializing in used modern furniture, which they buy at estate sales. They have bought the apartment adjacent to theirs, but its occupant, the elderly and cranky Andra , will stay in it until she dies. Andra has two granddaughters, the dutiful and generous Rebecca , a breast cancer radiology technician, and the cynical, sharp-tongued Mary , a cosmetologist. Kate is troubled by the profits she makes from furniture sellers who do not know the value of what they are selling; the contrast between homeless people in her neighborhood and her own comfortable life; and the fact that her family will only be able to expand their apartment when Andra dies. She tries to assuage her guilt through volunteer jobs  and donations to homeless individuals .'] ['In the late summer of 1962, recent high school graduates and longtime friends Curt Henderson and Steve Bolander meet John Milner and Terry "The Toad" Fields at the local Mel\'s Drive-In parking lot. Despite receiving a $2,000 scholarship from the local Moose lodge, Curt is undecided if he wants to leave the next morning with Steve to go to the Northeastern United States to begin college. Steve lets Toad borrow his 1958 Chevy Impala for the evening and while he will be away at college. Steve\'s girlfriend Laurie, who is also Curt\'s younger sister, is unsure of Steve leaving, to which he suggests they see other people while he is away to "strengthen" their relationship. Curt, Steve and Laurie go to the local sock hop, while Toad and Milner begin cruising. En route to the hop, Curt sees a beautiful blonde girl in a white 1956 Ford Thunderbird. She mouths "I love you" before disappearing down the street. After leaving the hop, Curt is desperate to find the mysterious blonde, but is coerced by a group of greasers  through an initiation rite that involves hooking a chain to a police car and successfully ripping out its back axle. Curt is told rumors that The Blonde is either a trophy wife or prostitute, which he immediately refuses to accept. Steve and Laurie break up following a series of arguments, and Milner inadvertently picks up Carol, an annoying teenybopper who seems fond of him. Toad, who is normally socially inept with girls, meets a flirtatious and somewhat rebellious girl named Debbie. Meanwhile, Curt learns that DJ Wolfman Jack broadcasts from just outside of Modesto, and inside the dark, eerie radio station, Curt encounters a bearded man he assumes to be the manager. Curt hands the man a message for The Blonde to call him or meet him. As he walks away, Curt hears the voice of The Wolfman and, seeing him broadcasting, realizes he had been speaking with him. The other story lines intertwine until Toad and Steve end up on "Paradise Road" to watch Milner race against the handsome but arrogant Bob Falfa, with Laurie as Falfa\'s passenger. Within seconds Falfa loses control of his car after blowing a front tire, plunges into a ditch and rolls his car. Steve and Milner run to the wreck, and a dazed Bob and Laurie stagger out of the car before it explodes. Distraught, Laurie grips Steve tightly and tells him not to leave her. He assures her that he has decided not to leave Modesto after all. The next morning, Curt is awakened by the sound of a phone ringing in a telephone booth, which turns out to be The Blonde. She tells him she might see him cruising tonight, but Curt replies that is not possible, because he will be leaving. At the airfield, he says goodbye to his parents, his sister and friends. As the plane takes off, Curt, gazing out of the window, sees the white Ford Thunderbird belonging to the mysterious Blonde. Prior to the end credits, an on-screen epilogue reveals that John was killed by a drunk driver in December 1964, Terry was reported missing in action near An Lộc in December 1965, Steve is an insurance agent in Modesto, California, and Curt is a writer living in Canada.'] ['The story is told in a non-linear manner. The following is a linear, chronological summary of the plot: Jack Jordan  is a former convict who is using his new-found religious faith to recover from drug addiction and alcoholism. Paul Rivers  is a mathematics professor with a fatal heart condition. Unless he receives a new heart from an organ donor, he will not live longer than one month. Paul\'s wife wants him to donate his sperm so she can have his baby even if he dies. The two are civil to one another, yet distant. Cristina Peck  is also a recovering drug addict and now lives a normal suburban life with a supportive husband and two children. She is a loving mother and active swimmer who has left her days of drugs and booze behind. These three separate stories/characters become tied together one evening when Jack kills Cristina\'s husband and children in a hit-and-run accident. Her husband\'s heart is donated to Paul, who begins his recovery. Cristina is devastated by the loss and returns to drugs and alcohol. Paul is eager to begin normal life again, but he hesitantly agrees to his wife\'s idea of surgery and artificial insemination as a last-ditch effort to get pregnant. During consultations with a doctor before the surgery, Paul learns that his wife had undergone an abortion after they had separated in the past. Angered, Paul ends the relationship. He becomes very inquisitive about whose heart he has. He learns from a private detective that the heart belonged to Cristina\'s husband and begins to follow the widowed Cristina around town. Jack is stricken with guilt following the accident. Despite his wife\'s protests to keep quiet and conceal his guilt, Jack tells her that his "duty is to God" and turns himself in. While incarcerated, he claims that God had betrayed him, loses his will to live and tries unsuccessfully to commit suicide. He is released after Cristina declines to press charges, as she realizes that putting Jack in prison will not bring her family back. When Jack is released, he is unable to reincorporate himself into normal family life, and instead leaves home to live as a transient, working a job of manual labor. Paul finds an opportunity to meet Cristina and eventually reveals how the two of them are connected. Desperately needing one another, they begin to develop a relationship. Though Paul has a new heart, his body is rejecting the surgery and his outlook is grim. As Cristina begins to dwell more on her changed life and the death of her girls, she continually focuses on a desire to exact revenge on Jack. She goads Paul into agreeing to murder him. Paul meets with the private detective who originally found Cristina for him. Paul also purchases a gun from him and learns that Jack is living in a motel. Paul and Cristina check into the motel where Jack is also staying. When Jack is walking alone, Paul grabs him and leads him out into a clearing at gunpoint with the intention of killing him. Paul is unable to kill Jack, who himself is confused, shaking and pleading during the event. Paul tells Jack to "just disappear" then returns to the motel, lying to Cristina about Jack\'s death. Later that night, while they are sleeping, Paul and Cristina are awakened by a noise outside their door. It\'s Jack, who, still consumed by guilt and inner torment, orders Paul to kill him and end his misery. There is a struggle, and Cristina blind-sides Jack and begins to beat him with a wooden lamp. Paul has a heart attack and shoots himself to avoid dying from asphyxia. Jack and Cristina rush Paul to the hospital. Jack tells the police that he was the one who shot Paul, but is released when his story is unable to be confirmed. The conflict between Cristina and Jack remains unresolved  Cristina learns in the hospital that she is pregnant. After Paul\'s death, Cristina is seen tentatively preparing for the new child in one of her daughters\' bedroom which she was previously unable to enter since her daughters\' death, and Jack is shown returning to his family.'] ['A privately owned luxury Boeing 747-100, Stevens\' Flight 23  complete with piano bar, office, and bedroom, is used to ferry invited guests to an estate owned by wealthy philanthropist Philip Stevens . Valuable artwork from Stevens\'s private collection is also on board the jetliner, to be eventually displayed in his new museum. Such a collection motivates a group of thieves led by co-pilot Bob Chambers  to hijack the aircraft in the hopes of landing it on an abandoned airfield on St. George Island. Once Captain Don Gallagher  leaves the cockpit and is knocked unconscious, the hijackers\' plans go into motion. A sleeping gas is released into the cabin and the passengers lose consciousness. Knocking out the flight engineer, Chambers puts the plan in motion, and Stevens\' Flight 23 "disappears" into the Bermuda Triangle. Descending to virtual wave-top altitude, Flight 23 heads into a fog bank, reducing visibility to less than a mile. Minutes later, a large offshore drilling platform emerges from the haze, Flight 23 heading straight for it at close to 600 knots.  Chambers pulls back on the yoke in a banking left turn but the engine number 4 clips the derrick, causing the engine to catch fire. Chambers immediately hits the fire extinguishing button and flames are momentarily extinguished. However, because the aircraft is at such a low altitude, the sudden loss of airspeed threatens to stall the airplane. As the engine reignites, Chambers is forced to use another fire-suppression bottle. But by this time, the aircraft stall alarm goes off and the aircraft\'s tail hits the water. All the passengers wake up, and most start to scream and panic. Chambers is able to pull up, but soon the plane\'s right wing hits the water again, and the plane lifts into the air for another moment, then hitting the water again. Because of the impact being so hard, the plane becomes grounded in the ocean. Eventually, the plane begins to slip beneath the waves. The ocean bottom is fortunately above the crush-depth of the fuselage. Many of the passengers are injured, some seriously. Two of the would-be thieves are killed in the initial crash. Banker  is in the hold securing the art for the transfer when a cargo container causes a breach of the outer skin, crushing and drowning him. The second fatality is Wilson , who is killed when he is slammed into the flight panel on impact. Since the aircraft was off course, search and rescue efforts are focused in the wrong area. Involved in these efforts are Phillip Stevens and Joe Patroni . The only way to signal rescue efforts to the proper region is to get a signal buoy to the surface in a small dinghy. Captain Gallagher and diver Martin Wallace  enter the main cargo in the attempt, but an unexpected triggering of the hatch crushes Wallace. Gallagher, out of oxygen provided by the reserve mask, makes it to the surface, and activates the beacon after he climbs into the dinghy. Getting a fix on the new signal, an S-3 Viking overflies the crash site, confirming the location of Flight 23. The navy then dispatches a sub-recovery ship, the USS Cayuga along with the destroyer USS Agerholm and a flotilla of other vessels. The aircraft is ringed with balloons and once inflated, the aircraft rises from the bottom of the seafloor. Just before the plane breaks surface, one of the balloons breaks loose, prompting the Navy captain to reduce the air pressure of the remaining balloons, thus keeping the plane just beneath the waves. At that moment, one of the doors in the cargo hold bursts open, causing the plane to flood. The cascade of sea water sweeps through the passengers; First Officer Chambers is killed when he is pinned under a sofa. The deluge also sweeps away Wallace\'s widow , who drowns just as the Navy captain orders more air pressure into the balloons, finally raising the plane successfully. Once on the surface, the passengers are evacuated. With the survivors on their way to waiting ships, Captain Gallagher and Stevens\' assistant, Eve  are the last to evacuate from the aircraft as it slips under the waves for the last time.'] ['The film is set in South Korea, 1962. Kang Soo-ha, a 21 year-old teacher from Seoul, takes his first job at a village school in Gangwon Province. One of his older students, 17 year-old Yun Hong-yeon, develops a crush on him, though her efforts to catch his attention seem to go unnoticed. Meanwhile, Soo-ha has fallen for Yang Eun-hee, another teacher at their school, and when Hong-yeon realises she does everything she can to discredit her older rival.'] ['An iconic rock legend, Jack Fate , is bailed out of prison to perform a one-man benefit concert for a decaying future North American society. The film touches on many subjects from the futility of politics, the confusion of loosely strung government conspiracies, and the chaos created by both anarchy and Nineteen Eighty-Four-styled totalitarianism. It further reflects on life, dreams, and God\'s place in a seemingly increasingly chaotic world. In some ways, the film is political: it describes how Fate sees the political landscape  but at the same time Fate makes it clear that he "was always a singer and maybe no more than that". He produces no solutions to any of the problems the film presents. Rather, he makes it clear that he "stopped trying to figure everything out a long time ago."'] ["When idealistic minor author Leslie Braverman dies suddenly from a heart attack at the age of 41, his four best friends decide to attend his funeral. The quartet of Jewish intellectuals drawn from the four corners of Manhattan consists of public relations writer Morroe Rieff from the Upper East Side, poet Barnet Weinstein from the Lower East Side, book reviewer Holly Levine from the Lower West Side, and Yiddish writer  Felix Ottensteen from the Upper West Side. The men have been friends since their youth. They agree to meet at Christopher Park on Sheridan Square, a Greenwich Village landmark, from which they travel in Levine's cramped Volkswagen Beetle. Due to confusion and bad directions from Braverman's widow, the men attend the wrong funeral but finally arrive at the cemetery in time for the burial. There is an extensive running discussion along the way about everything from philosophical observations regarding death to the relative merits of classic comic book characters, all while maintaining a strongly Jewish comedic tone emphasizing irony and sarcasm. Rieff, who emerges as the central character, periodically experiences absurdist fantasy episodes or daydreams involving his own mortality, eventually delivering a soliloquy to a vast array of gravestones bringing the dead up to date on what they have missed lately. The character Leslie Braverman never actually appears, by flashback or otherwise, and is known only through descriptions and references to him by other characters.  While Braverman is dead from the outset in both the book and the movie, there are occasions in the book but not the movie where his own words are quoted, often at considerable length as from a letter."] ['Andy , a senior chef in a large London catering facility, buys a dilapidated fast-food van from a disreputable acquaintance named Patsy . He plans to clean, restore and put it into service on a local fast-food round. Wendy  is sensibly sceptical about the project but understands her husband\'s ambitions. Their twin 22-year-old daughters  have profoundly different attitudes: tomboyish Natalie  thinks it is a good idea if it will make her father happy, whereas the bitter, shut-in Nicola contemptuously and typically dismisses Andy as a "Capitalist!" Late at night, an anguished Nicola binges on chocolate and snacks, then forces herself to vomit. Natalie - awake in the next room - overhears her. Aubrey, a hyperactive but emotionally labile family friend, is opening a Parisian-themed restaurant named The Regret Rien. Wendy accepts a part-time job as waitress in the restaurant, but her and Andy\'s initial confidence in the scheme is undermined by Aubrey\'s unorthodox approach to the interior décor  and by his menu. His singularly grotesque interpretation of the excesses of nouvelle cuisine includes dishes such as saveloy on a bed of lychees, liver in lager and pork cyst. During the afternoon, whilst the rest of the family are out at work, Nicola\'s lover  comes to the family home to have sex with her. It appears that Nicola can only be aroused by a combination of light bondage and the consumption of chocolate spread from her chest - a practice to which he only reluctantly agrees. He ultimately loses patience with her, accusing her of being "a bit vacant" and incapable of having a sincere, adult conversation or allowing herself to enjoy his companionship. She calls his bluff and loses: frustrated but resolute, he leaves her and her fragile emotional state deteriorates even further. The opening night of The Regret Rien is a disaster. Wendy volunteers her help when it becomes clear that Aubrey\'s waitress has let him down - she has gone to liberated Prague with her boyfriend. And Aubrey forgot to advertise the opening of the restaurant, with the result that no customers turn up. Aubrey gets hopelessly drunk, takes to the pavement and rails against the world, tells Wendy that he fancies her, starts taking his clothes off and passes out, \'a quivering, sobbing gelatinous blob of disappointment.\'Coveney, p.221 Wendy is forced to deal not only with him but with his glum, passive and infatuated sous-chef, Paula . Meanwhile, Andy and Patsy have gone to their local pub, where Andy gets uncharacteristically but emphatically drunk and ends up sleeping inside the decrepit fast-food van in his driveway. Wendy returns home from the disastrous opening night of Aubrey\'s restaurant to find him there: unnerved by her bizarre evening, for the first time she loses her temper with the whole family. Phlegmatic and dry-humoured Natalie enjoys her unconventional work as a plumber, the simple pleasures of a pint and a game of pool, and dreams of visiting the USA. In contrast, the fidgety and isolated Nicola becomes increasingly agitated, aggressive and reclusive, and Wendy finally confronts her. During the course of their long and anguished confrontation, Wendy makes it clear to Nicola that she is deeply worried about her, for example, wondering why she makes no attempt to get involved with the causes she claims to believe in. She tells Nicola of the struggle she and Andy endured to care for their baby daughters - how it meant she never went to college and Andy working in a "job he hates." It emerges that during an earlier phase of Nicola\'s bulimia, she almost starved to death. Ashamed and angry, Nicola is convinced that Wendy and the rest of the family hate her. Instead, as the exasperated Wendy tells her, "We don\'t hate you! We bloody love you, you stupid girl!" and leaves the room, deeply upset. The brittle behavioural armour with which Nicola has protected her psyche is now shattered and she breaks down sobbing. Meanwhile, Andy is seen running his kitchen at work with energy and authority but slips on a spoon, breaking his ankle. Wendy receives the news with a characteristic mixture of sympathy and amusement. She drives him home from the hospital; aided by Natalie she makes him comfortable, and then goes to see Nicola, still in her room. Mother and daughter reconcile. The film ends with Natalie and Nicola sitting peacefully in the evening sunshine in the back garden. Natalie observes that Nicola must own up to her parents about her bulimia. She then asks Nicola "D\'you want some money?" and Nicola accepts gratefully, the first time in the film where she has accepted an offer of help.'] ['{{plot}} Retaining the play\'s poetic style, the film\'s lead cast consists of nine African-American women, seven of whom are based on the play\'s seven characters only known by color . Like its source material, each character deals with a different personal conflict, such as love, abandonment, rape, infidelity, and abortion. The characters are represented by a color: Jo/Red , Juanita/Green , Yasmine/Yellow , Tangie/Orange , Alice/White , Gilda/Gray , Crystal/Brown , Nyla/Purple , and Kelly/Blue . Each of their stories are different, but the characters interact within each other\'s lives. The show opens with Tangie throwing her latest lover out of her house. Right after that, as Juanita arrives to piss Frank off with a houseplant, Kelly, who works for child welfare, attempts to visit Crystal on behalf of the children, but she does not get very far. As she flees her drug-addicted husband, Beau Willie, she gets some good advice from Gilda. Meanwhile, Alice shows up to beseech Tangie for money, but gets rebuffed instead. Alice goes out to raise money, and encounters Yasmine, who gives her a little money. Yasmine, a dance teacher, is boasting of how dancing gives her underprivileged girls opportunities, a way out of the ghetto, and in to college. Nyla tells her friends in the class about her graduation night with a pack of cousins, then has to throw up. Kelly\'s husband comes over and arrests two men, one of whom is Jo\'s husband. Juanita is waiting in Jo\'s office, with Jo\'s terrified assistant, Katina, running scared and making tea, and Crystal running late for work. Jo rejects the work of her photographers, demanding work of the highest caliber. Juanita is let into the office, and attempts to interest Jo in her work at starting a medical center. But Jo refuses, asserting that everyone rises and falls by their own merits. Juanita tries to warn her about the suffering in the community she cannot even see. She asks Jo what the price she has to pay to be so powerful, yet self-centered, then forcefully storms out. Kelly and her husband visit a physician, who reveals she had an untreated STD that has stripped her of the ability to have children. So Kelly runs off. Juanita gives condom advice to a group of women, only to be bothered by Frank. She brushes him off and returns to giving the women sensible talk about how to avoid unwanted consequences from sex. Tangie, who works as a bartender, finds a man and decides to show him a night of pleasure. That night, Crystal implores Beau to stop drinking, while he cares only for her accepting his marriage proposal, in the hopes of increasing his welfare benefits. Jo, meanwhile, implores her husband to call her, revealing to us that they\'d had a fight that night. At the same restaurant, we also see Yasmine and Bill having a magical night. Alice comes home, grumbling that Nyla moved her box. But Alice shows Nyla the money she has been collecting and asking for, and gives it to her, believing that it is for Nyla\'s entrance into college. It is not enough, and asking Tangie is discussed, but Alice instead tells Nyla that her god will provide. Yasmine continues her date, explaining that she loved dance more than anything, until she met Bill. Meanwhile, Tangie is having a great time, until she discoveres the man thinks she is a prostitute. She throws him out only to be met by Nyla in the hall. Nyla requests money, which angers Tangie. Tangie correctly diagnoses Nyla as pregnant, which Nyla denies. Tangie relishes her cruelty, enjoying the idea Alice will hate Nyla the way she hates Tangie. So she tells her about an abortionist, and how to find her. Jo is in her house when her husband returns. He claims his battery died, but that does not stop her. We learn that he took money from her bank account for an investment that failed; the source of the fight she mentioned earlier. He feels emasculated, stripped of his automatic right of command of the house, in favor of him submitting to her will. Kelly\'s husband comes home and sees Kelly, so Kelly decides to pour her heart out to her husband in a refreshing breath of honesty. Long before she was married, she and a friend were dating the same man, unbeknownst to her. He also gave her a disease which caused her infertility. Despite this, her husband loves her, and stands by her side. Frank attempts to bother Juanita again, seducing her heavily resistant will into taking him back. The next day, Crystal makes an appointment for Jo, then delivers flowers and phone call from Jo\'s husband. He allows himself to go to the opera, which she loves and he hates, as a means of an apology. However, he is clearly looking at men, desiringly. Yasmine is elated by flowers when Tangie comes to pay Nyla\'s three-hundred dollar bill. She warns Yasmine about her suitor\'s intentions, and offers to pay on Nyla\'s behalf, but Yasmine informs her that there is nothing she has to pay for in any way. Tangie realizes Nyla\'s gone to see the abortionist, Rose , which indeed she has. The abortionist is terrifying, and probably drunk. While Jo is at the opera, watching as her husband and another man give each other the eye, Yasmine lets her suitor into her house. He removes his clothes, then hers, and savagely rapes her. The next morning, Jo angrily demands Crystal find a list of advertisers, which Crystal realizes, horrified, that she left in her house, and Jo takes her home. Seeing a male driver in the car, Beau Willie believes Crystal is having an affair. The abuse begins, and can be heard in Gilda\'s house as she watches the kids. She tries to calm their fears by telling them about their father. Going to Gilda\'s house, he captures the children and brutally kills them by dropping them out the window as Gilda goes to find help. Beau later gets arrested and is sent to jail for the murder of his own children. Jo and an arriving Juanita all serve as witnesses, along with Gilda, to the brutal murder of the children. Kelly\'s husband interviews Yasmine in the hospital about the rape, to which she gives him a blistering poem as her answer. Alice storms into the hospital to find Nyla with Kelly and some cops. Nyla was found alone and badly wounded. Kelly, walking through the hospital, discovers the grieving Crystal, along with Jo, Gilda, Juanita, and Kelly\'s husband. Remembering these people and learning of the children\'s murders, she tells her husband exactly who to go after, and where. Alice storms Tangie\'s house and confronts her, violently, about Nyla seeing the abortionist. She throws Tangie\'s newest conquest out of Tangie\'s house, and they argue about sexuality. They also recite poem and counter-poem against each other. We learn that Tangie\'s grandfather, Alice\'s father, had his way with her, too, causing Alice to send her to the abortionist. But Alice was watching her, supervising and protecting her, whereas Nyla was unsupervised. She reveals that her father not only took her virginity, but at fifteen, forced her to make granddaughters with a white man. Finally, Tangie screams that Alice, thinking herself so holy, let their grandfather molest her and she sees Gilda in the hall. Gilda replies "nothing" to Tangie when she yells "what are you looking at", then intrudes on her apartment, which Tangie accidentally locked herself out of. Gilda treats Tangie\'s shiner with some ice. She tells her that it is not just sex; she needs to find the root if she is ever going to be healed. She knows this because she once was just like Tangie. Juanita comes home to find Frank gone, but he soon comes home. Jo informs her husband, who comes home far too late, about the murder of Crystal\'s children. Her tears wash away some of her blindess to the suffering of others,  as she realizes how she failed to notice the clear abuse Crystal was going through. Alice and Nyla come home, and Alice forces Nyla to pray for forgiveness while anointing her head with dust and oil. She attempts to exorcise her daughter, to which Nyla slaps her and flees. She tries to seek help from Yasmine, who does not sleep, but sits in bed with a knife, causing Nyla to flee again. Crystal tries to scrub away the blood from her children on the sidewalk, with assistance from Kelly. She weeps for her children\'s blood, finding life no longer feels real. Kelly recognizes Crystal and they both get Nyla cleaned up. Tangie shows up with a new man of the night, so Nyla confronts her about the abortionist. The man takes an interest in Nyla as well, so Tangie accuses him of pedophila and turns him away with disgust. Tangie and Nyla argue, again. Tangie admits she has lost touch with reality, and that she is too hurt to love anyone else. Yasmine dances alone, to the poem of Sashita, a powerful goddess of creativity. The dance helps her begin to regain the power taken from her in the rape. Kelly\'s husband leads her to Bill\'s body. He was stabbed to death by a woman after he had raped her. Yasmine slaps his face, regaining more of her strength. Crystal attempts suicide by taking some sleeping pills. While Kelly, Gilda and the sisters wait, Juanita comes in, revealing she had been saved but still needed some rest. Kelly berates herself for not saving Crystal\'s children because she was wasting her time at a doctor\'s office. Juanita comes home on Frank\'s birthday to discover all his things gone, and some of hers, too, in a metaphoric sense which a poem helps her express. As Yasmine continues her classes, and Juanita continues hers, Crystal is fed, then taken home from the hospital, and Jo makes a donation to Juanita. Tangie invites Crystal to a party in Nyla\'s honor at Juanita\'s center. Frank tries to come back, but Juanita does not break down this time and sends him away for good. Gilda goes in, forces Crystal to face herself, and accept the fact that she did not protect her kids. She gives her a rebirthing experience. Jo confronts her husband about his infidelity with men, forbids the word \'sorry\' from her life, reveals she has HIV, and tells her husband that he is to be gone before she gets back. Jo goes to the party, and everyone is there, even Crystal. Alice shows up briefly, giving Nyla some books, and telling her how proud of her she is before the music drives her out. Jo and Juanita withdraw to the roof, where Juanita gives Jo some advice about HIV. All of the girls except for Alice join them on the roof, where Juanita says "My love is too beautiful to have thrown back in my face." They begin to share "Sorry" stories, which Crystal wins. Crystal reveals that she is the most healed of them all.'] ['A grainy voiced narrator recounts the events of the tornado while disturbing home-movie images play &mdash; mostly of the town\'s people. An adolescent boy, known as Bunny Boy, wears only pink bunny ears, shorts and tennis shoes on an overpass in the rain. A cat is carried by the scruff of its neck by a teenage boy. He drowns the cat in a barrel of water. The film then cuts to a different scene with the same boy Tummler, in a wrecked car with a girl. They fondle each other, and Tummler realizes there is a lump in one of the girl\'s breasts. Tummler and Solomon then ride down a hill on bikes. The narrator introduces Tummler as a boy with "a marvelous persona", whom some people call "downright evil". Later, Tummler aims an air rifle at a cat. His friend Solomon stops him from killing the cat, protesting that it is a house cat. They leave and the camera follows the cat to its owners\' house. The cat is owned by three sisters, two of whom are teenagers and one who is pre-pubescent. The film cuts back to Tummler and Solomon, who are hunting feral cats. They bring the cats to a local grocer, who intends to butcher and sell them to a local restaurant, and the grocer tells them that they have a rival in the cat killing business. They then buy glue from the grocer, which they use to get high via huffing. The film then cuts to a scene in which two young boys dressed as cowboys curse and destroy things in a junkyard. Bunny Boy arrives and the other boys shoot him "dead" with cap guns. Bunny Boy plays dead and the boys curse at him, rifle through his pockets, then remove and throw one of his shoes. They grow bored of this and leave him sprawled on the ground. Tummler and Solomon track down a local boy who is poaching "their" cats. The poacher, named Jarrod Wiggley, is poisoning the cats rather than shooting them. When Tummler and Solomon break into Jarrod\'s house with masks and weapons with intent to hurt him, they find photos of the young teen in drag and his elderly grandmother, who is catatonic and attached to life support machinery. The poacher Jarrod is forced to care for her, which he had earlier opined was "disgusting." Tummler\'s original intention was to hurt the poacher for killing the cats that they were killing for profit but he was not home. He then discovers the grandmother laying in her bed, opines that it is, "no way to live," and turns off the life support machine. A number of other scenes are interspersed throughout the film, including: an intoxicated man  flirting with a gay dwarf; a man pimping his Down Syndrome afflicted sister to Solomon and Tummler; the sisters encountering a child molester; a pair of twin boys selling candy door-to-door; a brief conversation with a tennis player who is treating his ADD; a long scene of Solomon eating dinner while taking a bath in brown water; a drunken party with arm- and chair-wrestling; and two skinhead brothers boxing each other in their kitchen. A number of even smaller scenes depicting satanic rituals, racist conversations, and some disturbing hygiene round out the film. The final scene in the movie is set to the song "Crying" by Roy Orbison, which had been previously mentioned by Tummler as the song his older brother would sing . The final scene involves Solomon and Tummler shooting the sisters\' cat repeatedly with their air rifles in the rain with jump cuts to Bunny Boy kissing the teenage girls in a swimming pool. The film ends with Bunny Boy running towards the camera through a field holding the body of the dead cat, which he displays prominently.'] ["{{Expand section}} Cheung is employed to play the film-within-the-film's heroine, Irma Vep , a burglar, who spends most of the film dressed in a tight, black, latex rubber catsuit, defending her director's odd choices to hostile crew members and journalists. As the film progresses, the plot mirrors the disorientation felt by the film's director. Cheung the character is in many ways seen by other characters as an exotic sex object dressed in a latex catsuit; both the director and Cheung's costume designer Zoe  have crushes on her."] ['Milton Parker , an elderly and eccentric game inventor, dies in the opening scene after losing a video game with his seductive nurse . The Sunday morning following his death and funeral, all of his greedy and estranged relatives show up at his mansion for the reading of his will where his lawyer Charles Bernstein  stipulates in his will that the winner of an elaborate scavenger hunt will inherit his $200 million estate. The various  beneficiaries form five teams and each team gets involved in various misadventures along the way. The five teams consist of... # Parker\'s son-in-law Henry Motley  and his four ill-behaved children. # The servants; French cook Henri , manservant Jenkins , limo driver Jackson , and dull-witted French maid Babbette . # Dim-witted taxi driver Marvin Dummittz . # Parker\'s greedy widowed sister Mildred Carruthers , her greedy attorney Stewart Sellsome , and her spoiled, man-child son Georgie . # Nephews Kenny  & Jeff Stevens , and Lisa, Carruthers\' step-daughter . The five groups are given five lists containing simple and easy clues to acquire 100 items with various point values ranging from five to 100 points. The items are to be acquired by any means necessary, with the exception of purchase, and placed in five different pens on the grounds of the estate. The winner of the scavenger hunt will be the person or team that acquires the most points, by 5:00 p.m. that very day. What follows is a series of misadventures as each of the five groups attempts to acquire the various items, as well as returning occasionally to the Parker mansion to deposit items in the team pen under the supervision of Bernstein and the scorekeeper Mr. Cornfeld. Mildred, Stewart and Georgie\'s adventure has them trying to win a stuffed toy bear at a local carnival, trying to haul a heavy safe out of Stewart\'s office building, stealing the false teeth of a local Native American  as well as resorting to stealing other people\'s items. Stewart also gets roughed up by a group of motorcycle gang members, led by a burly guy named Scum  after attempting to steal a stuffed fox tail from one of the bikers\' motorcycles. The servants\' adventure has them trying to steal a toilet from a fancy hotel, partaking in a robbery at a local convenience store to steal a cash register , and getting locked in a university laboratory to steal a microscope. Kenny, Jeff and Lisa\'s adventure has them "borrowing" items such as a clown head from a local Jack in the Box eatery, recruiting an obese man named Duane  as an item since the list gives 50 bonus points for the team with the heaviest person, but they soon discard him  and pick up another obese person, and borrowing a bulletproof vest from a self-defense-obsessed elderly lady named Arvila , acquiring "laughing gas", stealing a uniform from a local motorcycle cop, and getting stuck in a locker room during a major league football game after trying to steal a football helmet. Marvin Dummittz\' adventure has him trying unsuccessfully to steal a Rolls Royce front grill and getting run over many times attempting to remove it. Marvin teams up with a bridal shop security guard named Sam , who catches him attempting to steal a bridal dress. Marvin tells him about the scavenger hunt and Sam agrees to help. Together they try to steal a knight\'s suit of armor from a local museum, with Marvin dressing up as a mummy and Sam putting the suit on. He gets knocked out and the Mildred-Stewart-Georgie team steal him. Marvin teams up with an obese friend of his named Merl  to help him. Henry Motley\'s adventure has him attempting to make his unruly kids proud of him by trying to acquire a beehive , a life preserver , and a parachute . Motley tries to get a medicine ball from a local gym and tries to impress the instructor Lars , which gets Motley thrown out of a second floor window after he finally attempts to catch a medicine ball thrown to him. In the meantime, each of the five teams steals an ostrich from the San Diego Zoo, much to the dismay of the bewildered zookeeper . It all leads to a climactic car chase back to the Parker mansion where the servants, Motley and kids, and Marvin all team up, giving up their individual chances to win in order to help Jeff and Kenny win the scavenger hunt. They haul all their items to the Stevens brothers\' pen to allow them to win against the unethical Mildred-Stewart-Georgie team. It ends when, with seconds to go, Sam, still wearing the armored knight suit, has to crawl out of the Carruthers\' pen and into the Stevens\' pen to win the contest for the Stevens brothers and Lisa, who decide to share their new wealth with the rest of the participants, with the exception of the Mildred-Stewart-Georgie team.'] ["The story is based in Jakarta in Indonesia. It revolves around three main characters, Memey, Andien and Sakti, who struggle to maintain their facade of perfection in front of their arisan friends. An arisan is a meeting fraternity of upscale female socialites in Jakarta who meet regularly to share gossip and draw lots to see who takes home the money they all contribute. The main character is Meimei , an interior designer with a business of her own. Her husband has left her for an actress, and also finds out that she cannot get pregnant. When she finally finds a new love interest, Nino , it turns out that Nino is more interested in her best friend, Sakti . While another friend Andien , is a betrayed wife. Sakti is the gay character who, at the start, is in denial of his homosexual identity, and afraid of what his family and friends will think of him. Then he enters a relationship with another man , and must learn to face new challenges. The relationship between the two was complicated, but they're trying to keep it strong."] ['The film, set over the course of four consecutive New Year\'s Eves from 1964 to 1967 depicts scenes from each of these years, intertwined with one another as though events happen simultaneously. The audience is protected from confusion by the use of a distinct cinematic style for each section. For example, the 1966 sequences echo the movie of Woodstock using split screens and multiple angles of the same event simultaneously on screen, the 1965 sequences  shot hand-held on grainy super 16 mm film designed to resemble war reporters\' footage. The film attempts to memorialize the 1960s with sequences that recreate the sense and style of those days with references to Haight-Ashbury, the campus peace movement, the beginnings of the modern woman\'s liberation movement and the accompanying social revolt. One character burned his draft card showing a younger audience what so many Americans had done on the television news ten years before the movie\'s release. Other characters are shown frantically disposing of their marijuana before a traffic stop as a police officer pulls them over, and another scene shows the police brutality with billy clubs during an anti-Vietnam protest. The listed fates of the main characters at the ending sequence of American Graffiti were updated again at the end of this sequel. In More American Graffiti, John Milner was revealed to have been killed by a drunk driver in December 1964 , with the ending scene of the movie driving his trademark yellow Deuce at night along a lonely highway toward another vehicle\'s headlights, and is never seen going further, hinting that the crash was in that vicinity. Set on New Year\'s Eve 1964, it is never actually shown that his tragic end comes after his racing win on the last day of the year, very probably instead into the first few moments of 1965, given that the 1967 segment was just barely into 1968. The anniversary of John\'s death is mentioned in both the 1965 and 1966 sequences. Terry "The Toad" Fields\' classification as "missing in action" is not explored in greater detail since the movie shows that he faked his own death. The ending sequence would have read "killed in action" had the story ended there. Terry is believed to be dead by his superiors in 1965 and by his friends – Debbie in 1966 and Steve and Laurie in 1967. Joe Young , Toad\'s war partner, vividly meets his death with a sniper\'s bullet to the chest in one scene after having promised to make Terry a Pharaoh once they get back from Vietnam. The relationship of Steve and Laurie is strained by Laurie\'s insistence that she start her own career, though Steve forbids it saying he wants her to be a mom to their young twins. Free-spirited Debbie "Deb" Dunham has turned from Old Harper to marijuana and has given up her platinum blonde persona for a hippie/groupie one in a long, strange trip that ends with her performing with a country-and-western music group. Wolfman Jack briefly reprised his role, but in voice only. The drag racing scenes for More American Graffiti were filmed at the Fremont Raceway, later Baylands Raceway Park , in Fremont, California.'] ['Best in Show is presented as a documentary of five dogs and their owners destined to show in the Mayflower Kennel Club Dog Show, held in Philadelphia. The documentary jumps among owners as they prepare to leave for the show, arrive at the hotel, and prepare backstage before their dog takes the show, as well as post-show. The owners and their dogs include: * Gerry and Cookie Fleck , with their Norwich Terrier Winky - :A middle-class couple from Florida, who run into monetary problems and are forced to sleep in the hotel\'s storage room when they finally arrive. Throughout the film, they encounter men whom Cookie slept with during her youth. * Meg and Hamilton Swan , with their Weimaraner Beatrice - :An upper-class, stereotypical yuppie couple from Chicago, they think they are taking great care of Beatrice , going as far as taking her to a therapist after she sees Meg and Hamilton have sex. At the show, the Swans believe that Beatrice will become unnerved without her favorite toy, the "Busy Bee", and frantically search for a replacement for it before the show. * Harlan Pepper  and his Bloodhound Hubert - :Pepper\'s family has raised a variety of hounds for generations, and Harlan continues the tradition by raising bloodhounds . * Sherri Ann and Leslie Ward Cabot  with their Standard Poodle Rhapsody in White  - :A two-time past winner of the show. Sherri Ann is a luscious big-breasted blonde; the elderly Leslie is her sugar daddy. Their relationship is reminiscent of the marriage between Anna Nicole Smith and J. Howard Marshall II. Sherri Ann is primarily worried about giving Rhapsody a makeover; however, trainer Christy Cummings  makes sure the dog is truly ready for the show, while Leslie remains utterly oblivious and apathetic. Over the course of the film, Sherri Ann and Leslie\'s fake couplehood crumples, while Sherri Ann and Christy\'s romantic involvement becomes apparent. * Scott Donlan and Stefan Vanderhoof  and their Shih Tzu Miss Agnes - :A campy gay couple, they take great pride in their dog, and are confident that she will win the competition. The owners and their dogs all arrive in time for the show, which is hosted by dog expert Trevor Beckwith , and oblivious "color" commentator Buck Laughlin . During the first round, Beatrice is disqualified when Hamilton cannot control her, but the other four dogs advance to the final round. Just before the finals, Cookie dislocates her knee and insists that Gerry take over for her. Though the audience is initially awed by seeing Gerry\'s "two left feet" , ultimately Winky takes Best in Show. Afterwards, the film explores what each character is doing after the competition. Gerry and Cookie returned home to Florida and were overcome with attention after the victory. They go on to record, in amusingly bad style, songs about terriers but discover to Gerry\'s frustration that the recording engineer is yet another of Cookie\'s ex-boyfriends . Sherri Ann and Christy have entered into a partnership  and publish a magazine for lesbian owners of purebred dogs, called American Bitch. Harlan fulfills his dreams and becomes a ventriloquist, entertaining sparse crowds with a honky tonk song and dance number. Stefan and Scott are in the process of designing a calendar featuring Shih Tzu dogs appearing in scenes, with appropriate costume, from famous classic films, such as Gone with the Wind and Casablanca  Hamilton and Meg Swan seem to have given Beatrice away, allowing them to enjoy a calmer, more loving partnership as well as a new dog  that they claim enjoys watching them make love.'] ['Louise Desfontaines , a member of the French Resistance, flees to Spain after her husband is killed, where she is captured and later expatriated to London. She is recruited by the Special Operations Executive , a secret spy and sabotage service initiated by Winston Churchill. Louise is given an urgent first mission: to exfiltrate a British agent who has fallen into German hands while preparing the Invasion of Normandy. The agent has not yet revealed anything but time is pressing. Louise must first create a commando group of women especially chosen for the needs of the operation. When it comes to recruitment, anything goes: lies, blackmail, remission. She first employs Suzy Desprez , a cabaret dancer who excels in the art of seducing men. Then she brings in Gaëlle Lemenech , a chemist and explosives expert. Finally she selects Jeanne Faussier , a prostitute capable of killing in cold blood. After their arrival in Normandy, they are joined by Maria Luzzato , an Italian Jew and radio operator. The mission gets underway well, but quickly becomes complicated. Obliged to return to Paris, the SOE gives them a new, almost suicidal objective: to eliminate Colonel Heindrich, one of the key figures of Nazi counter-espionage. He knows too much about the planned landings.'] ["Alfie  and Helena  divorce. Helena begins seeing fortune teller Cristal  for spiritual advice. Their daughter Sally  has a troubled marriage with author Roy , who once wrote a successful book, and is now anxiously waiting for response from his publisher about the manuscript of his newest one. Helena helps pay their rent. Alfie marries a prostitute, Charmaine . Roy falls for Dia , a musicologist he sees through a window near his and Sally’s flat, who is engaged to another man. Sally considers having an affair with Greg , her new boss at an art gallery who she confesses she has feelings for but Greg confesses he is having trouble at home and eventually it turns out he is having an affair with Iris , Sally's protégé. Roy's book is rejected. He hears that a friend, who is also a writer, has died in an accident, and of whom only Roy knows that he had just finished a manuscript that he had not shown to anyone else yet. Roy steals it, and claims it is his work. It is well received. He convinces Dia to break off her engagement, and moves in with her. Alfie gets into a fight and worries about Charmaine's high expenses. He asks Helena to make a new start with him, but she refuses because she feels attracted to a keeper of an occult bookshop, a widower. Charmaine has sex with another man and gets pregnant. Alfie wants a DNA test to find out whether he is the father, while Charmaine argues that it does not matter. Sally quits her job and asks Helena for a loan she promised, for setting up her own art gallery, but Helena refuses because according to Cristal it is astrologically a bad time. Sally is furious. Roy is informed that there was a mix-up of the persons killed in the accident, and is shocked to hear that the friend whose manuscript he stole is actually in coma and recovering. In the end, all are dissatisfied with their choices, except for Helena. She has acquired from Cristal a belief in reincarnation, and sees her life now as only one episode in her series of lives. She starts a relationship with Jonathan , the keeper of an occult bookshop. He also has esoteric beliefs, and they have first received the blessing of his deceased wife for the new relationship."] ["In 1966, Catherine Macaleese  is counting the days until she meets her father, a distant childhood memory, and starts a new life with him in England. Heather Randall  is Catherine's cousin and closest friend who puts her marriage plans on hold to travel on the Oriana. Richard Turner , an aspiring journalist, decides to try his luck on Fleet Street, and promises his fiancée, Sandy, that he will return in a few months. Jack Gill , heading along a path of self-destruction, embarks on the journey at the last minute. On board, Jack disappears with the group's money and the trio arrive penniless. The only contact they have is a friend of Jack's, the mysterious Terence Foster-Burrows . He shows little surprise for their predicament and offers them rooms in the Palace."] ['When a dysfunctional family gathers for Thanksgiving at their New England home, past demons reveal themselves as one son returns for the first time in three years.'] ['One day in the fictional town Hillside in Southern California, the supplier of prescription medication to the students at the local high school, Troy Johnson , commits suicide. Troy\'s best friend Dean {{Not a typo}} , who found the body, is prescribed more antidepressants by his psychiatrist father Bill . When Dean returns to school, he is antagonized by drug dealers Billy  and Lee , who were supplied by Troy. Their friend, Crystal Falls , flirts with Dean, but he soon realizes that her true intentions are for Dean to retrieve the remaining drugs in Troy\'s home and give them to her, Billy and Lee, and he refuses to cooperate. To force Dean to procure the drugs, Billy and Lee plan to kidnap Dean\'s brother, Charlie , as a ransom, but they end up kidnapping Charlie Bratley ([[Thomas Curtis  instead of Charlie {{Not a typo}}. The kidnappers hold Charlie Bratley &ndash; whose parents are still unaware that he is missing &ndash; overnight at Crystal\'s home, and Dean eventually agrees to go to Troy\'s home to find the drugs. As Dean delivers the drugs, though, Billy discovers that the bag doesn\'t contain drugs at all. An angry Billy starts a fight with Dean, and Dean is arrested. While trying to explain everything to Officer Lou Bratley ([[John Heard , who happens to be Charlie Bratley\'s father, Dean reveals that his brother Charlie replaced the drugs with a bag of the vitamins that their mother Allie  sells. Neither Officer Bratley nor Dean\'s father believes Dean\'s story, but he is released, whereupon his father increases the dosage of the antidepressants that Dean is taking. Later, a flashback will reveal that Charlie {{Not a typo}} crushed the real drugs and put them into a casserole that his mother was making for Troy\'s memorial. The next day is Troy\'s memorial service and the wedding of Mayor Michael Ebbs  to Charlie Bratley\'s mother Terri . Lou finally realized that his son actually had been kidnapped and headed out to look for him. Now at Lee\'s house, Crystal asks Lee to help stop the kidnapping scheme, but he does not comply. Crystal goes to Dean\'s house for help, where she finds him hallucinating about Troy\'s death and finally expressing his grief. Meanwhile, a paranoid Lee tries to stab and kill Charlie Bratley to avoid being caught, but Charlie fights back and slices the knife through Billy\'s eye. Billy runs out into the street, screaming in pain, and is hit by Lou\'s police car. Dean goes into Troy\'s memorial, where all of the visitors are intoxicated by the drugs that Charlie {{Not a typo}} put into the casserole that his mother made. Troy\'s mother, Carrie , discloses to Dean that she never knew her own son. Dean tells her about Troy, and she thanks him. Billy is later sent to prison, while Lee gets acquitted. A closing voice over explains that Dean and Crystal "escape together", and they are shown kissing.'] ['El Paso and Abilene, Texas have fallen victim to twin nuclear attacks on July 4, 2005—a catastrophe of unimaginable proportions which has sent America into World War III. The PATRIOT Act has extended authority to a new agency known as US-IDent, which keeps constant tabs on citizens—even to the extent of censoring the Internet and using fingerprints in order to access computers and bank accounts. In order to be able to respond to a newfound fuel shortage in the wake of global warfare, the German company Treer designs a generator of inexhaustible energy which is propelled by ocean currents, called "Fluid Karma". Unbeknownst to anyone but its inventor Baron von Westphalen and his closest associates, the generators alter the currents and cause the Earth to slow its rotation, and the transmission of the energy to portable receivers  is ripping holes in the fabric of space and time. In Los Angeles, a city on the brink of chaos overshadowed by the growth of the underground neo-Marxist movement, the film follows the criss-crossed destinies of Boxer Santaros, an action film actor stricken with amnesia; Krysta Now, ex-porn star in the midst of creating a reality TV show; and twin brothers Roland and Ronald Taverner, whose destinies, on one evening—become intertwined with that of all mankind. The twins are announced to be the same person by the engineers of Treer. Boxer becomes the most wanted man in the world with political ties. The future seems to be put in his hands.'] ["Jasmine  is a young woman with men in and out of her apartment, Tanya  is about to be married, and Micki  is pregnant; these three women share an apartment, but when Micki is jilted and Tanya's boyfriend does NOT pop the question, the women set out to Las Vegas in search of men who WILL marry them, on the spot."] ['The film does not tell a story so much as a present an essay-like study of Godard\'s view of contemporary life; Godard wrote that "I wanted to include everything: sports, politics, even groceries. Everything should be put in a film". Godard himself narrates the film in a whispered voice-over that discusses his fears to the audience about the contemporary world, including the Vietnam War. The film often cuts to various still shots of bright consumer products and ongoing construction. Like many of the director\'s works, the film does not follow the narrative arc of conventional cinema, with an introduction, conflict and resolution. Instead, it presents 24 hours in the sophisticated but empty life of Juliette Janson , a seemingly bourgeois married mother, part of whose life involves prostitution. Juliette begins her day dropping off her screaming child to a man who has a flourishing business doing childcare for call girls. Her generally uneventful daily routine of shopping, housework and child-rearing is interspersed with assignations with clients. All of the film\'s sexual interplay is banal instead of erotic, and one client, an American wearing a shirt with his country\'s flag, demands the women he has hired wear airline shopping bags over their heads. Though there was a script, there are many moments in which the cast breaks the fourth wall, looking into the camera and giving seemingly random monologues about what they think about life and themselves. Vlady and other actors wore earpieces through which the director would ask surprise questions, often putting Vlady off guard, as she was required to give spontaneous answers that were appropriate to her character.Adrian Martin, commentary track on the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.'] ["Nikhil Kapoor  decides to come back from the USA to Mumbai. When he arrives, he decides to chill out at a nightclub. There he meets a woman and instantly falls for her; she, however, doesn't even introduce herself. After he asks her name, she goes away. The next day, Nikhil meets his old friend Rahul . The two play basketball, and hang out together. Whilst in the company of Rahul and Steve , another one of Nikhil's friend; the woman shows up again and she is revealed to be Anamika Joshi . She walks in with her friend Farhad, and when Nikhil tries to talk to Anamika, Farhad behins to think he is flirting or disturbing her, and a fight breaks out. Resulting, Rahul and Steve join in as well. Farhad turns out to be a gangster, and draws out a gun. After a big brawl, Rahul is shot on the leg and he collapses. Steve runs away in panic. Anamika has also disappeared. Farhad puts the gun into Nikhil's hands and flees the country and quietly leaves for Australia. The police arrive at the scene, and arrest Nikhil. Rahul gets paralysed and loses the use of his legs. When Nikhil is kept in a cell by the police for shooting at Rahul, he tells them to ask Rahul himself, who refuses to speak with him. Also, Nikhil has no way of contacting Anamika to prove his innocence. Three years after having been imprisoned, Ira Malhotra  comes to hear his side of the story and helps bail him out. Now Nikhil gets to meet Rahul and Anamika and eventually finds out that he was lured into a trap by a killer, who is still at large."] ["Sally Nash and Joe Therrian are a Hollywood couple celebrating their sixth wedding anniversary shortly after reconciling following a period of separation. He is a novelist who is about to direct the screen adaptation of his most recent bestseller; she is an actress he has opted not to cast in the lead role, despite the fact it's partly based on her, because he feels she's too old for the part. This decision, coupled with an ongoing dispute about their barking dog Otis with their straight-laced, non-industry neighbors, clean-and-sober writer Ryan and interior decorator Monica Rose, has resulted in an undercurrent of tension between the two as they prepare for the arrival of their guests. Among them are aging actor Cal Gold, Sally's co-star in the romantic comedy film she presently is shooting, his wife Sophia, and their two young children; director Mac Forsyth, who is helming Sally and Cal's film, and his anorexic, neurotic wife Clair; photographer Gina Taylor, whose relationship with Joe prior to his marriage and ongoing close friendship since troubles Sally; business manager Jerry Adams and his wife Judy; eccentric violinist Levi Panes; Jeffrey, Joe's roommate - and lover - at Oxford; and up-and-coming actress Skye Davidson, whom Joe has cast in the role Sally believes deservedly is hers. In an effort to dispel the simmering animosity between them and their neighbors, Sally and Joe have invited the Roses as well. The early part of the evening is devoted to charades and lighthearted entertainment. Following a series of toasts offered by the guests, Joe distributes the ecstasy Skye brought them as a gift. As it begins to take effect, the night deteriorates, accusations are made, secrets are revealed, and relationships slowly unravel. Complicating emotions triggered by the drug are the disappearance of Otis and a phone call from Joe's father bringing tragic news about his beloved sister Lucy."] ["The film tells five stories of a number of artists as they spend a single day in New York's famed bohemian home Chelsea Hotel, struggling with their arts and personal lives."] ['Hugo Dugay  runs a small company, Hugo Pool, that cleans swimming pools in Los Angeles. The film covers one day in her life, during which she must clean many pools in the midst of a drought that interferes with her usual water supply. In addition to dealing with several eccentric customers, including mobster Chick Chicalini ([[Richard Lewis  and filmmaker Franz Mazur , Hugo must care for her needy parents Minerva  and Henry . Also, Hugo may be falling in love with Floyd Gaylen , a customer of hers who has ALS.'] ['Jin-woo is a firefighter who buys a ring for his girlfriend. Her name is Soo-jung, and she works at a TV station as a news translator for the deaf. She is waiting for him to propose, with the rationale that given his dangerous job, she likes the idea of him having to think of her, to hesitate for a while before jumping into danger. He, on the other hand, is waiting for that perfect opportunity and setting, before popping the question. Suk-hyun tells her unemployed boyfriend Ha-seok that she needs a more stable guy who has a good job. So Ha-seok goes off and finds himself a job helping other couples break up. Ju-young is a mother is too busy to spend time with her young son Hee-chan, until an illness confines her to a hospital bed. There the mother and son begin to communicate more and more. Soo-eun is a deaf girl who works as a costumed character mascot in a theme park. There she meets a young artist who she quickly begins to develop feelings for, yet she refuses to take off her mask in front of him because of her scar.'] ["Five prostitutes work at Dreamland, in Tokyo's Yoshiwara district. As the Diet considers a ban on prostitution, the women's daily dramas play out. Each has dreams and motivations. Hanae is married, her husband unemployed; they have a young child. Yumeko, a widow, uses her earnings to raise and support her son, who's now old enough to work and care for her. The aging Yorie has a man who wants to marry her. Yasumi saves money diligently to pay her debt and get out; she also has a suitor who wants to marry her, but she has other plans for him. Mickey seems the most devil-may-care, until her father comes from Kobe to bring her news of her family and ask her to come home."] ["Emmett  is ambushed by three men while he sleeps in a deserted shack. In a brief gunfight, he kills all of the assailants. As he travels to Silverado, Emmett finds a man, Paden , lying in the desert, having been robbed and left to die. Emmett and Paden ride to the town of Turley to meet Emmett's brother, Jake , who is locked up and awaiting hanging for killing a man in self-defense. Paden is later jailed when he encounters and kills one of the men who robbed him. Emmett aids Jake and Paden in a breakout with the help of Mal , a black cowboy who was run out of town by sheriff John Langston . After helping a wagon train of settlers recover their stolen money from thieves, and leading them to Silverado, the group disbands to find their relatives and settle into the town. Emmett and Jake learn from their sister's husband, the land agent for the area, that rancher Ethan McKendrick ([[Ray Baker  is attempting to maintain the open range, which he will dominate with his enormous herds of cattle, by driving all lawful claimants off the land. Emmett had killed McKendrick's father years earlier in a gunfight, and McKendrick had hired the men who attempted to kill Emmett upon his release from prison. Mal finds his father Ezra , left destitute after his home had been burned down and his land overrun by cattle. It is soon revealed that the sheriff Cobb , an old friend of Paden's, is on McKendrick's payroll. After McKendrick's men murder Ezra, burn the land office, and kidnap Emmett's nephew Augie ; Paden, Mal, Emmett, and Jake determine to defy Cobb. The four stampede McKendrick's cattle to provide cover for a raid on his ranch, in which most of the bandits are killed and the kidnapped boy is rescued. They then return to town, where in a series of encounters, each defeats his own personal enemy. In the last of these, Paden kills Cobb in a duel. Emmett and Jake leave for California, their long stated goal, while Mal and his sister reunite and decide to rebuild their father's homestead. Paden stays in Silverado as the new sheriff."] ['Five students — Allison Reynolds , Andrew Clark , John Bender , Brian Johnson , and Claire Standish  — report for Saturday morning detention on March 24, 1984 at Shermer High School in the Chicago suburb of Shermer, Illinois. While not complete strangers, each of them comes from a different clique, and seem to have nothing in common. They gather in the high school library, where they are ordered not to speak or move from their seats or sleep by the assistant principal, Richard Vernon . They are to remain for a period of eight hours, fifty-four minutes . He assigns a 1000-word essay,  and then leaves, returning occasionally to check on them. Bender, who has a particularly negative relationship with Mr. Vernon, disregards the rules and riles the other students, mocking Brian and Andrew, and harassing Claire. Allison remains oddly quiet except for the occasional random outburst. The students pass the hours in a variety of ways. Gradually they open up to each other and reveal their inner secrets . They also discover that they all have strained relationships with their parents and are afraid of making the same mistakes as the adults around them. However, despite these developing friendships the students are afraid that once the detention is over, they will return to their very different cliques and never speak to each other again. At the request and consensus of the students, Brian is asked to write the essay Mr. Vernon assigned earlier , which challenges Mr. Vernon and his preconceived judgments about all of them. Brian does so, but instead of writing about the assigned topic, he writes a letter to the teacher objecting to his request to describe to him who they are, and stating to him that he already has judged who they are , and that he will not accept any different accounts from them about who they are. He signs the essay as "The Breakfast Club" and leaves it at the table for Mr. Vernon to read when they leave. Before leaving, Claire and Bender kiss in the closet, then the students are walking down the hallway to leave the school. Outside, Allison and Andrew are seen kissing. Claire gives Bender her earring, which he puts on after she leaves.'] ['The story is set in a boys\' grammar school in Sheffield in 1983. Crowther, Posner, Dakin, Timms, Akthar, Lockwood, Scripps, and Rudge have recently obtained the school\'s highest ever A-level scores and are hoping to enter Oxford or Cambridge, taking a seventh-term entrance exam in History. The General Studies teacher, known by staff and boys alike by his nickname "Hector" , is their favourite, and works alongside their deputy head and regular History teacher, Mrs. Lintott . The headmaster, Felix , hires an energetic young contract teacher named Irwin  to assist Hector and Mrs Lintott in preparing the boys for the Oxbridge entrance exams. Irwin\'s style is utterly different from Hector\'s and Mrs. Lintott\'s; while the older teachers emphasise cultural and factual knowledges and the quest for truth, Irwin urges the boys to put a spin on their historical analysis, to value originality above objective truth. As the plot progresses we learn that Hector habitually offers some of his students rides home on his motorcycle and surreptitiously fondles his passengers. The boys have all come to a mutual understanding on the subject and, while mildly annoyed, laugh off their teacher\'s advances and more or less willingly continue to take turns riding home on the back of his bike. This practice eventually lands Hector in trouble as he is reported to the headmaster by a lollipop lady who witnesses his action. The headmaster insists that Hector retire early, and also that Hector and Irwin share a class; when they do, the group engages in a tense discussions such as about how best to analyse the Holocaust. As part of their General Studies the class acts out scenes from romantic films and literature, and Posner ([[Samuel Barnett  sings a love song – Rodgers and Hart\'s "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered" – which he pointedly directs towards Dakin . Later he seeks out Irwin to discuss his attraction to Dakin. Dakin, who characterises himself as an aspiring lecher, is currently pursuing an affair with the headmaster\'s secretary, Fiona . He is not displeased by Posner\'s attention, but finds himself interested by Irwin. Gradually, Dakin\'s quest to impress Irwin on an intellectual level evolves into a flirtatious, potentially sexual pursuit of his young teacher – who, as Posner, his friend Scripps  and even Hector note, is visibly attracted to Dakin. After interviews, when the boys receive their replies through the post, it seems that they have all gained Oxbridge places, except for the group\'s gauche sportsman, Rudge . When Mrs Lintott questions him, it turns out that Rudge had already been told at interview that he has a place, due to a family connection with the college . Dakin approaches Irwin in his classroom after the celebrations and reveals that he found no record of Irwin\'s attendance at Corpus, the Oxford college he claimed as his alma mater, and Irwin confesses that he lied about his past. Dakin then, "as a thank you", invites Irwin to give him a blowjob. They make an appointment to "have a drink" on Sunday. Dakin tells Irwin that he has seen two sides to Irwin—a reckless, challenging intellectual whilst teaching but an uptight, cautious personality in real life—and he cannot reconcile them. Dakin then proceeds to the Headmaster\'s office and, by threatening to reveal Felix\'s own sexual harassment of Fiona, forces him to reinstate Hector. The boys prepare to leave the grammar school at the end of that term, and Hector agrees to give Dakin a ride home on the motorbike "for old times\' sake". However, before they leave, the headmaster runs out and stops them, saying that Hector should not take one of the boys. He suggests that Hector take Irwin instead. Dakin gladly hands the helmet to him, and the screen fades to white as they drive off, the boys waving happily and laughing. Fast forward to a few days later, as it is revealed that the bike was in an accident on the way home, possibly caused by Irwin, never before having ridden on the back of a motorbike, leaning the wrong way on a corner. Irwin was badly injured and suffered total memory loss of his conversation with Dakin; Hector did not survive. At the memorial service, the boys sing "Bye Bye Blackbird" and the headmaster gives a trite eulogy. The scene then changes abruptly to an almost empty hall with only the eight boys and Mrs. Lintott present. "Will they come to my funeral, I wonder," Mrs Lintott remarks, before recounting the futures of the eight boys. They have entered a variety of careers: Akthar a headmaster, Crowther a magistrate, Timms the owner of a dry cleaning chain who takes drugs at weekends, Dakin a tax lawyer. Lockwood , who entered the army, died as a result of friendly fire at the age of 28 while serving in the York and Lancaster Regiment . Rudge has become a builder, Scripps a journalist, and Irwin stops teaching and becomes a maker of TV history documentaries. Finally, Posner reveals he has become a teacher who followed in Hector\'s footsteps, with similar ambivalence and angst, though without "touching the boys", which is "always a struggle. But maybe that\'s why I\'m a good teacher". The film ends with a collection of moments involving Hector, leading up to the moment that a photograph of the entire class was taken at Fountains Abbey, a scene from earlier in the film. The photo spans the entire screen, and the closing credits are played over the photo.'] ['Reuben Tishkoff , in an attempt to legitimize himself in his later years, is conned by Willy Bank , his former business partner. When Bank forces Tishkoff to sign over the ownership rights of the new hotel/casino they were building together, Reuben suffers a heart attack and becomes bed-ridden. Daniel Ocean , after attempting to negotiate with Bank, gathers up his partners-in-crime and plans to ruin Bank on the opening night of his hotel-casino, "The Bank", to get revenge for Reuben. The first of two plans is to prevent "The Bank" from winning the prestigious Five Diamond Award, which Bank has previously won with all of his previous hotels. Saul Bloom  poses as the reviewer of the board, while the real reviewer , is treated horribly during his stay through Ocean\'s associates and the staff on their payroll. The second plan is to rig the casino\'s slot machines and other games to force a pay out more than $500&nbsp;million in winnings across the casino; this will force Bank to cede control of the casino to his board. Rigging of the games would require them to defeat "The Greco Player Tracker", a state-of-the-art artificial intelligence system that monitors the games and ensures that all winnings are legitimate, by measuring the players\' biometric responses for authenticity. They plan to trick Bank into carrying a cell phone with a magnetron, created by technical expert Roman Nagel , to disrupt the Greco. To assure that players cash out, Ocean\'s team acquires one of the giant drills used to bore the Channel Tunnel, to simulate an earthquake under the hotel on opening night. While the group prepares the rigged games, the drill breaks, forcing them to approach Terry Benedict , one of the previous people they stole from, to fund the purchase of the second drill. While Benedict has a grudge against Bank and is willing to help, he only offers Ocean the funds if they also steal the 4 Five Diamond Awards, now on display in a secured case at the top level of the hotel. Ocean plans for Linus Caldwell  to seduce Bank\'s assistant, Abigail Sponder , to gain access to the display and switch the diamonds with fakes. As Ocean\'s plan proceeds on opening night, agents from the FBI have been tipped off that machines have been rigged by Livingston Dell   and have identified him, which may reveal the rest of Ocean\'s gang to Bank. Basher  distracts Bank long enough to allow Virgil  and Turk Malloy  to change the group\'s FBI records, including their names and appearances. Linus, in the process of seducing Sponder in the secure room with the diamonds, is interrupted by the lead FBI agent. He explains the diamond-theft plan to Sponder, and Linus is arrested, but as they exit in the elevator, the lead agent is revealed to be his father, Bobby , who is in on Ocean\'s plan and there to help Linus swap the diamonds. As they exit to the roof of the hotel for extraction via helicopter, they are caught by François "The Night Fox" Toulour , whom Benedict had ordered to intercept the diamonds. Linus gives the diamonds to Toulour, who leaves, but discovers he only holds the fakes after departing; Ocean had been aware of Toulour\'s presence, and arranged to extract the entire display case from the hotel with a helicopter. The remainder of Ocean\'s plan continues as expected, with "The Greco" disrupted, and guests leaving the hotel with their huge winnings. As Bank realizes his ruin, Ocean lets him know that they did everything for Reuben, taunting him about the fact that Bank cannot even arrange for revenge as he cannot prove that Ocean did anything illegal. The group uses the money they made off with to buy property north of the Las Vegas Strip for Reuben to build his own casino. As punishment for Benedict\'s treachery, Ocean donates his portion of the take to charity, all $72 Million; forcing Benedict to publicly admit his philanthropy via TV appearances. As the group disperses on their own and considers settling down, Rusty ensures that the real Five Diamond reviewer is compensated by allowing him to win an $11&nbsp;million jackpot at a rigged slot machine at the airport.'] ['Michael Bannon , a wealthy but bored businessman, issues the code word "Gumball" to his fellow automobile enthusiasts, who gather in a garage in New York City to embark on a coast-to-coast race "with no catalytic converter and no 55-mile-per-hour speed limit." Their nemesis, the evil LAPD Lieutenant Roscoe , also learns of the race and most of the film is devoted to the adventures of the various driving teams and Roscoe\'s ineffectual attempts to apprehend them. A number of running gags ensue – the Jaguar that will not start; the silent Lapchick\'s  numerous mishaps; Italian race driver Franco Bertolli\'s  frequent detours to seduce beautiful women – as well as some splendid stunts and driving sequences. The race ends at the Queen Mary in Long Beach, California where the finishers celebrate their adventures and the defeated Roscoe sulks off to one side – until a fleet of police cars and tow trucks, all in conspiracy with Roscoe, arrive to impound the vehicles; as it proves, Roscoe had contrived in advance to see to it that all of them were guaranteed to be illegally parked. Bannon congratulates Roscoe on his final victory and again utters the command "Gumball" to initiate a race back to New York.'] ["Instead of written credits at the beginning of the film, Gitai reads out the credits, introduces himself to the viewer, and explains that Alila is based on the novel Returning Lost Love. The rest of the movie is made up of forty individual single shot scenes depicting the lives of several Israelis. The character's lives overlap and collide. Gabi, a bobbed haired sexpot, and her lover Hezi—who's older, balding and married—rent a room to have an affair, while Ezra, a pot bellied divorcee, supervises an illegal construction site next door. All this racket drives Schwartz, a Holocaust survivor, to a mental breakdown. Other characters include illegal immigrants, a teenage boy who's afraid to serve in the army, and a corrupt police officer. In each scene the camera moves through walls, over desks, and around rooms in order to keep focused on the character it's following, in moments of drama as well as in moments of mudane daily activity."] ['Based on three short plays by Susan Charlotte, the film follows the lives of six characters: a shoemaker and his customer, a cabbie and his passenger, and a dyslexic director and his date.{{cite web}}  In October 2001 a nervous real-estate broker  takes a ride with an over-enunciating cab driver .  In December 2001 Nan , an actress who supports herself with a job at a travel agency and Bob , a dyslexic director try to come to terms with their on-again, off-again relationship.'] ['The film is an ensemble piece in which the five protagonists plan, enjoy and come down from a weekend out in Cardiff; all motivated at least in part by the need for a weekend escape from the difficulties and contradictions of their daily lives. Jip, the male lead, is suffering from sexual anxiety brought on by a series of unsuccessful liaisons.<ref namehttp://www.bbc.co.uk/films/2001/03/16/human_traffic_1999_review.shtml|title2010-01-09}}<ref namehttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0188674/quotes|title2010-01-11}} Koop, Jip\'s best friend, is jealous of his girlfriend Nina\'s easygoing and popular nature. Nina is being sexually harassed in a job she had no choice but to take after having failed a college interview. Lulu, Jip\'s best female friend and "dropping partner", has suffered infidelity in her last 3 relationships. Moff, the newest member of the group having met Jip at a warehouse party after moving from London to Cardiff, is unemployed and scrapes a living as a small time dealer, despite his father being a senior policeman. The five friends become very close, take drugs such as cannabis, ecstasy and cocaine, and "live for the weekend". The film follows the exploits of the five friends as well as various characters they meet along the way. They go to pubs and clubs on Friday, taking along Nina\'s 17-year old brother Lee whose waning enthusiasm for his first drugs experience is played out in a cameo debate between Jip and a doctor. Jip gives up his ticket to Lulu, whom he has talked into coming out and is forced to talk his way into the club as the group are a ticket short. The club scene is then examined through a series of cameos including two attempts by older journalists to understand the club scene. The ensemble then joins a house party, where Lulu and Jip finally kiss and attempt unsuccessfully to make love; whereas the established couple, Koop and Nina, argue over Koop\'s perceptions about her behaviour. Later, the group finds out "what goes up must come down" as the effects of their drug use begin to hit home leaving them coping with feelings of illness and paranoia. They recover Lee from a group of younger partygoers he has spent the night with and make their way home. On returning home, some of the group\'s issues are resolved whilst some are thrown into sharper relief. Jip makes love to Lulu, overcoming his sexual paranoia. Koop and Nina\'s issues are set aside. Lee has made it through the weekend without any of his concerns being realised. Moff, however, is still caught up in the paranoia caused by his extensive drug use. He argues with his parents again and is seen walking alone around Cardiff looking dejected. However, Moff joins his friends for an end of the weekend drink and having raged about his difficulties with drugs is soon joking about his excesses with his friends. The film finishes with Jip and Lulu kissing in the street after the manner of classic Hollywood films.'] ['A film with emphasis on visuals and music, the plot concerns characters who meet in present time, mainly the male gypsy Jesus, and the female thief and con-artist Odona, who share parallel experiences from lives 2000 years in the past.bergen-filmklubb.no En vakker historie {{no_icon}} These stories are juxtaposed.'] ["The story starts off with a young married couple, Annie and Matthew, returning home from the movies to find their infant child  screaming with a high temperature and an ear ache. The father calls the doctor, who promises to phone in a prescription to the pharmacist the following day. During the night, the neighborhood wakes up due to a blackout. The baby is still ill. The father goes to the pharmacist the next day, but is unable to get the required medicine due to the blackout preventing the doctor from phoning in the prescription. The father then steals the medicine when the pharmacist is not looking. Chaos ensues due to the blackout, so the father and his long time best friend, Joe, decide to buy a gun. An intruder breaks into the couple's house during the night, and the two friends manage to chase him out of the house, where a neighbor shoots the intruder. The neighbors then conspire to cover up the fact that the deceased intruder did not actually have a gun. More chaos occurs, so the family and the friend decide to flee to the wife's parents' house. They do not have enough fuel to travel the whole way, so they stop by an abandoned car hoping to siphon some. A man is lying in the backseat. Joe notices that the man has a hand gun, so heads back to the car to get the shotgun. Joe aims the shotgun at the man to try and scare him off, but the man shoots him and steals the car. Matthew then heads off to a nearby farmhouse to try to get help for his family. The man occupying the house refuses to help him initially, as he does not trust him. Matthew collects the shotgun and returns to the house, hoping to steal the car. Matthew breaks into the house to get the car keys, and a stand off ensues between him and the owner. The owner eventually agrees to help Matthew. The owner and his young daughter drive for help."] ['Las Vegas magician and wannabe gangster, Buddy "Aces" Israel  is hiding out in a Lake Tahoe hotel penthouse with his entourage. His agent, Morris Mecklen , discusses a potential immunity deal with FBI Deputy Director Stanley Locke . Agents Richard Messner  and Donald Carruthers  learn that ailing Las Vegas mob boss Primo Sparazza  has issued a bounty on Israel worth one million dollars, and involving a mysterious assassin known only as The Swede, stipulating that he will bring Sparazza Israel\'s heart. A number of assassins also seek the reward, including Lazlo Soot ([[Tommy Flanagan , who specializes in disguises and impersonations; Sharice Watters  and Georgia Sykes , two hitwomen hired by Sparazza\'s underboss; Pasquale Acosta , a calm torture expert and mercenary; and the psychotic punks Tremor brothers, Darwin , Jeeves , and Lester . Locke dispatches Messner and Carruthers to take Israel into custody when the deal is struck. Meanwhile, a team of bail bondsmen, Jack Dupree  and his partners, "Pistol" Pete Deeks  and Hollis Elmore  have been hired by the firm that posted Israel\'s bail to bring him into custody. The bondsmen are attacked by the Tremors, and only Elmore escapes alive. Messner is dispatched to the murder scene while Carruthers proceeds to Israel. At the same time, each of the assassins gain access to the hotel in their own various ways. Carruthers encounters Acosta, disguised as a security officer, in an elevator at the hotel. Carruthers senses something is wrong and both are mortally wounded in a gunfight. Meanwhile, Soot gains access to the penthouse by posing as one of Israel\'s henchmen. Israel\'s second-in-command, Sir Ivy ([[Common , learns that Israel agreed to inform upon Ivy as part of the plea deal and attempts to kill him, but Israel injures Ivy long enough for the hotel security team to restrain Ivy. Georgia finds Carruthers and Acosta in the elevator, but assumes Acosta is Soot. In Los Angeles, Locke abruptly withdraws from the deal with Israel and orders that Messner and Carruthers are not told. The Tremor brothers reach the penthouse floor, where they engage in a shootout with the security team and Ivy, who manages to kill Jeeves and Lester. Israel, learning of the FBI\'s new position, attempts suicide. Messner arrives at the hotel and sets up a position around Georgia\'s elevator. Sharice provides cover from another hotel with a .50-caliber, M82 sniper rifle, outgunning the FBI agents. Acosta, still alive, shoots Georgia, but is shot by Carruthers. Sharice, thinking Georgia is dead, refuses to escape and keeps shooting at the FBI team. Georgia escapes to the penthouse, where she stops Darwin Tremor before he can kill Ivy. Tremor escapes, and Messner, distraught over the death of Carruthers, stops Ivy and Georgia on the stairwell, but lets them escape. Sharice, after seeing the pair alive and free through her rifle scope, is gunned down by the FBI. Locke and a team of FBI agents descend on the penthouse and take Israel to the hospital, while Soot escapes by tearing off his disguise & dressing as a member of hotel security. Acosta, carted away on a gurney, is also shown to be alive. Darwin Tremor tries to escape, but is gunned down by Hollis Elmore. Messner arrives at the hospital and learns the truth about the day\'s events from Locke. It transpires that the mysterious Swede is a prominent heart surgeon and that Soot was hired by Sparazza to get Israel\'s heart so it could be transplanted into the body of Sparazza. Sparazza is further revealed to be Freeman Heller , an FBI agent who went undercover and was thought to have been killed by the mob. The FBI had attempted to kill Heller, after they thought his assignment had blurred the lines between being a mobster or an FBI agent. But Heller survived and ended up taking on the role as Sparazza full-time. The mobster has agreed to expose the mob\'s operations in exchange for Israel\'s heart as he is Sparazza\'s love child and, thus, the most compatible donor. Messner, furious over the unnecessary deaths, especially Carruthers\', protests and is ordered by Locke to leave the hospital and go home to Washington, D.C, as he is no longer on the case. Realizing that the FBI will never admit what they did, he walks into the emergency room, locks the door and pulls the plug on both men. He then lays his gun and badge on the floor while Locke and his men desperately try to break in, apparently resigning as an FBI agent.'] ['Set in 1968 Junction City, Kansas sometimes called "Jump City" reflect on the history of "East Ninth Street" during the 1940s when famous jazz musicians played the nightclubs. In 1968, the area has deteriorated into strip clubs and cheap bars where Vietnam War draftees from nearby Fort Riley stop and drink. People in the group include a drunk  who lost a leg in WWII, a taxi dispatcher , a saloon owner , and a crazy bag lady .  who is trying to get out of the business, but is forced to work by a malicious boy friend  and the fact that she has to provide for her baby. Martin Sheen also stars as a white preacher who likes the people in the area better than his own congregation.'] ["The plot revolves around the characters of three teenagers living in the suburbs of Los Angeles. Bill , has just graduated from high school and got his first apartment. His younger brother Jim , spends a lot of time practicing with his Nunchakus, getting high, listening to heavy metal on his boombox, and hanging out with Vietnam vet Charlie . Other important characters include Tom , a hedonistic high-school wrestling champ who works with Bill at a bowling alley, a trendy department store manager named Harry , Anita  who works at a donut shop, and her friend Eileen  who works at the department store with Harry. Anita has a fling with a cop named David  who, unknown to Anita, is married. The three boys set out for a night of fun and craziness at a strip bar and later on have a party at Bill's apartment."] ['The movie opens with scenes of a racially mixed neighborhood and their various activities, like hand rhymes, double Dutch, tag, street races, and even the neighborhood children watching the teenagers of their block make out in the alleyways of their block. Nine-year-old Troy  and her older brothers Clinton , Wendell , Nate , and her younger brother, Joseph  are introduced as their father Woody  is blowing a horn to call them in from playing to eat dinner. Their mother, Carolyn  is introduced as well. Dinner takes place during which we find out that the Carmichaels\' next-door neighbor, "Tony Eyes"  seems to be somewhat of a nuisance to the family, which includes continuously singing while they are eating dinner. That night, Carolyn comes home and comedically wakes all of the children up out of their sleep because the kitchen was not cleaned. There\'s some argument naturally on the part of the children to which Clinton says, "I\'d rather have a father than a mother any day". The next day, the neighborhood junkies are introduced: Snuffy  and Right Hand Man , who are glue sniffers. Tommy La La , Clinton, Nate and a couple of their neighborhood friends are sitting on the Carmichael stoop while listening to the radio and playing a baseball board game. Tommy La La takes a bottle and throws it at the door of Tony Eyes while yelling homophobic slurs. This starts an argument because Clinton says the Carmichael children always get blamed for the mess on his property. The argument ends as Vic Powell , a war vet, comes home and greets everyone. Vic is renting the upstairs apartment from the Carmichaels. Carolyn comes out to see what is wrong, and Tony Eyes tells her that Wendell and her kids are always throwing trash into his area. Carolyn responds by telling him that he and his home are nasty. The arguments continue as the neighborhood kids jump in. Tony Eyes is still yelling and arguing when Vic comes downstairs and tells him to shut up. In anger, he punches Tony in the face and goes back into the house. Troy sneaks out and goes to the corner store to get candy. While in the store, she is intrigued by a woman  and one of the store owners dancing erotically in the store. As Troy leaves the store to walk back home, she sees Vic getting arrested for punching Tony Eyes. One night, Woody and Carolyn are downstairs arguing because Woody\'s music is not providing for the family and Carolyn, a schoolteacher is the sole provider. They are also arguing because Woody caused the family to have bounced checks. The argument escalates as Carolyn yells upstairs for the children to turn off the TV because it is a school night. She charges upstairs with Woody following and turns off the TV. A defiant Clinton argues with Carolyn and turns on the TV. Carolyn grabs him up for disobeying and disrespecting her and Woody grabs her and carries her out of the room. Everyone is in on the fight as Woody is dragging Carolyn down the stairs and Nate is jumping on Woody\'s back. The other children have a hold of Carolyn pulling her in the opposite direction and Carolyn hurts her ankle in the struggle. Woody yells and everyone gets quiet as he expresses his need to respect for his work in the house. Carolyn kicks him out of the house. Woody comes over the next morning and brings flowers for Troy to give to Carolyn. Troy brings the flowers to Carolyn, and soon she and Woody get back together. They all decide to go on a trip to get out of the neighborhood but as they are leaving a worker from Con Ed comes by to shut off the electricity because the bill is unpaid. The trip is postponed and because of the situation, the family has to use candles for light. A few days later, the family leaves Brooklyn to take Nate and Troy down South to stay with relatives. Troy stays with her cousin Viola , who was adopted by Uncle Clem  and Aunt Song . Troy doesn\'t want to stay, but she does it to appease her mother. Troy eventually starts having fun with Viola despite a dislike of Aunt Song and her beloved dog, Queenie. On Troy\'s 10th birthday, she gets a letter from Carolyn  telling her about the happenings in the neighborhood since the weeks she\'s been away. After reading the letter, Troy decides she wants to go home. Meanwhile, Aunt Song has been looking for her lost dog, Queenie all day. At Troy\'s birthday sleep-over the small dead dog is located when she pops out having been accidentally closed into the fold-out couch which deeply upsets Aunt Song. When Troy returns to Brooklyn picked up from the airport by her Aunt Maxine  and Uncle Brown  she is eventually told her mother is in the hospital and is taken to see her. Later, Woody takes Troy home and Troy decides to clean & mop the kitchen without being told. Later that evening, Woody tells the kids that Carolyn is sicker than originally thought and must stay in the hospital for more tests. The boys cry, but Troy remains stoic. In the next scene, Troy walks through a public park with her brothers while singing a children\'s gospel song she learned at her cousin\'s down South. One of her brothers wonder\'s aloud if they might have to dress up for their mother\'s funeral revealing either Carolyn has died or is near death. The day of the funeral Troy is approached by her Aunt Maxine  and tries to coax her into trying the new clothes she\'s brought. Troy lashes out angrily that her mother would never let her wear polyester. Troy announces she is not going to the funeral when Woody calls her down. Woody explains that they\'re all in pain but Carolyn would want them all together at church. At the house gathering after the funeral, Troy is withdrawn when Clinton  approaches her and silently takes her hand to comfort her, showing a small sign of kindness. Joseph comes inside crying, saying that Snuffy and Right Hand Man are making fun of him because their mother was dead and they robbed him. Following her mother\'s wishes to protect her younger brother, Troy goes outside with a baseball bat and hits Snuffy in the head drawing blood. Much like her mother Troy tells him to go sniff glue on his own block. Early the next morning, Troy is restless as she dreams she\'s hearing her mother\'s voice shouting. She goes downstairs saying she doesn\'t like it when her parents fight, but instead sees it\'s her father making a racket trying to kill a rat in the kitchen. Troy not fully awake says "Mommy?" Woody tells her Mommy\'s gone and that its all right to cry. Troy runs to the bathroom to throw-up and Woody consoles her. Woody says that they\'ve all been wondering when she was going to break, meaning to finally show her grief. He says that even Clinton has cried. Troy concludes that its good that her mother isn\'t still in a lot of pain. This scene is scored with the song "Ain\'t No Sunshine When She\'s Gone." There are scenes of the neighborhood continuing to play much like the beginning of the movie. Troy is sitting in Carolyn\'s old barber\'s chair with Joseph sitting in her lap while she combs his hair the way Carolyn did. Then, Carolyn is seen sitting on the stoop narrating a letter that Troy imagines is meant for her, encouraging her from beyond on how she can\'t believe that she\'s 10 now and how she\'s proud of the way she\'s growing up. Troy is coping with her mother\'s absence by imagining that her mother is only away and can still write to her the way she did when Troy was down South. Her fantasy is interrupted when the neighborhood kids come to the window for Joseph. Troy tells him not to go far because dinner is almost ready. Troy surveys the neighborhood as Carolyn used to from the stoop. The end credits play over old footage of episodes of "Soul Train" with its original closing music. The score then changes to a contemporary rap song written for the film by The Crooklyn Dodgers featuring Special Ed, Buckshot and Masta Ace. The dancers of the original "Soul Train" series seem to keep time with and dance to the contemporary rap music.'] ["Nick Hart  is an expatriate American artist living in Paris among some of the great artists and writers of the time, including Ernest Hemingway ([[Kevin J. O'Connor , Gertrude Stein , and Alice B. Toklas . Nick is torn between his ex-wife Rachel  and Nathalie de Ville  who hires him to forge her paintings. He must also contend with Rachel's current husband, Bertram Stone ."] ['Shampoo is set during a 24-hour period in 1968, on the eve of a presidential election that would result in Richard Nixon\'s election to the American presidency. George Roundy  is a successful Beverly Hills hairdresser, whose occupation and charisma have provided him the perfect platform from which to meet, and bed, beautiful women, including his current girlfriend Jill . Despite this, George is dissatisfied with his professional life; he is clearly the creative star of the salon, but is forced to play second fiddle to the "nickel-and-diming," mediocre hairdresser who owns the place. He dreams of setting up his own salon business, but lacking the cash to do so, turns to wealthy lover Felicia  and her unsuspecting husband Lester  to bankroll him. George\'s meeting with Lester supplies a second secret for him to keep from his would-be benefactor: Lester\'s current mistress, Jackie , is George\'s former girlfriend, perhaps the most serious relationship he has ever had. Lester, who assumes George is gay, invites him to escort Jackie to a Republican Party election night soiree, at which George finds himself in the same room as a number of present and former sexual partners. The principals adjourn to a posh counterculture party, and the night quickly descends into drugs, alcohol and sexual indulgence. In the film\'s dramatic climax, Lester and Jill happen upon George and Jackie having vigorous sex on a kitchen floor. Just before their identities are revealed, an impressed Lester exclaims: "Now, that\'s what I call fucking!" When Jill recognizes the writhing couple, she throws a chair at them; as George backpedals, trying to placate Jill, Jackie sees him for the cad he is, and flees. George realizes that Jackie is his true love and proposes to her. By then, however, it is too late: Jackie announces that Lester is divorcing Felicia and taking Jackie to Acapulco. With Felicia gone, Jill gone, and now Jackie gone, the film thus pairs sexual revelation with George\'s deeper moral development, but ends bleakly for the protagonist, despite his epiphany.'] ["Dr. Sullivan Travis   is a wealthy Dallas gynecologist for some of the wealthiest women in Texas who finds his life beginning to fall apart starting when his wife, Kate , suffers a nervous breakdown and is committed to the state mental hospital. Dr. T's eldest daughter, Dee Dee , is planning to go through with her approaching wedding despite the secret that she is romantically involved with Marilyn , the maid of honor. Dr. T's youngest daughter, Connie , is a spunky conspiracy theorist who has her own agenda, while Dr. T's loyal secretary, Carolyn , has romantic feelings for him, which are not mutual. Dr. T's sister-in-law, Peggy , meddles in every situation she stumbles into, while one woman, Bree , a golf instructor, offers him comfort."] ['The staff and customers of the cafe get an extra "jolt" with their coffee when a commitment-shy man has a public fight with his angry ex-girlfriend, instigating a series of revelations about the eavesdropping couples nearby and their own "unusual" relationships; filled with eccentric personal conversations, confrontational arguments, imaginary visions, and connections between various characters.'] ['Gus, Harry, and Archie  are three husbands with families in suburban New York. All are professional men. As the film begins, they are shaken when their best friend Stuart suddenly dies of a heart attack. They have difficulty coping with the death, and spend two days hanging out, playing basketball, sleeping in the subways, and drinking, including one lengthy scene at a bar in which they have an impromptu singing contest. Harry goes home, has a vicious argument with his wife, and decides to fly to London. The other two decide to go with him. They check into an expensive hotel, dress in formal clothing, and meet three young women at a gambling casino. They go back to their rooms with the women. Gus pairs off with Mary Tynan , Archie with Julie , a young Asian woman who seems not to speak English, and Harry with Pearl Billingham . However, their efforts to hook up with these women are awkward and unsuccessful. Gus and Archie decide to go back to New York, but Harry stays behind. As the film ends, Gus and Archie express concern about Harry and what he will do without them.'] ['The film is constructed from three distinct stories linked by a car accident that brings the characters briefly together. ;Octavio y Susana The first segment stars Gael García Bernal and Vanessa Bauche as the title characters. Susana is Octavio\'s sister-in-law; however, Octavio is in love with her and doesn\'t like the way his brother, Ramiro, treats her. Octavio tries to persuade her to run away with him to get from under Ramiro\'s abuse. Needing to make money so that he and Susana can escape and start a life of their own, Octavio becomes involved in the business of dog fighting. Octavio makes enough money to run away with Susana, but Susana takes the money and leaves with her husband. Octavio continues his dog fighting business until a rival owner shoots his dog Cofi. Octavio stabs the rival owner and finds himself in a car chase with his lifelong friend, Jorge, and the wounded dog. A collision follows; Jorge dies and Octavio is badly injured. ;Daniel y Valeria The next segment stars Álvaro Guerrero and Goya Toledo. Daniel is a successful magazine publisher who leaves his family to live with the Spanish supermodel Valeria played by Goya Toledo. Valeria\'s leg is severely broken in the accident with Octavio\'s car and she may be unable to continue working as a model. Valeria is using a wheelchair while she recuperates in the apartment she shares with Daniel. Her dog Richie disappears under the floorboards one day and stays there for days. The missing dog triggers serious tension for the couple, causing numerous fights which leads to doubts about their relationship on both sides. Valeria re-injures her leg trying to help the dog, resulting in severe internal bleeding which leads to gangrene. Her doctor is forced to amputate the leg, removing any chance she might have had at returning to her modeling career. Once her leg is gone, she realizes that her life is most likely ruined since her sense of purpose, modeling, has been taken from her. ;El Chivo y Maru The final segment stars Emilio Echevarría and Lourdes Echevarría. The story concerns a former private school teacher who had become involved in guerrilla movements that landed him in prison for 20 years. He appears in the film as a bedraggled vagrant pushing a junk cart accompanied by several mongrel dogs for whom he cares. Though he appears to live in perpetual squalor in an abandoned warehouse, he is in fact a professional hitman, El Chivo . At times throughout his story, Chivo tries to make contact with his daughter, Maru, whom he abandoned when she was a two-year-old child when he began his guerrilla involvement. Her mother told her that her father had died, instead of telling Maru the truth about the abandonment and the prison sentence. Meanwhile, Ramiro and an accomplice are attempting to rob a bank when he is shot and killed. Octavio, seriously injured from the accident, sees Susana for the first time since she and Ramiro fled with his money. Despite having been wronged, Octavio tries again to get Susana to run away with him, but she becomes angry with the fact that Octavio is willing to run away with her after she has just lost somebody she loves. El Chivo is hired by a man to kill his business partner, and Chivo is about to make the kill when the film\'s central car crash interrupts him. During the chaos at the crash scene, Chivo steals Octavio\'s wounded dog and takes it home to nurture it. While Chivo is away from the warehouse one day, the rescued dog kills all of the other dogs in the house due to its previous dog fighting. Chivo is intensely upset and prepares to kill the dog but forgives him as he knows no better. Still grieving for his beloved dogs, Chivo captures his intended victim, and after learning that the victim is the client\'s half-brother, he also captures his client. After shaving his beard and grooming his hair  he leaves both men alive and chained to the separate walls with a pistol within reach between them, their fate left undetermined. He then breaks into his daughter\'s house while she is away, he leaves her a large bundle of money and leaves a message on her answering machine explaining what happened to him and why the family was split as well as telling her he loves her, but just as before he says it, the answer machine stops recording so it doesn\'t record when he tells her how much he loves her. Then he goes to an autoshop where he sells the client\'s SUV. The mechanic asks him what is the name of the dog; He calls him "Negro" . After he receives the money for the car Chivo and Negro walk away and disappear once more.'] ["It is 1985: Ronald Reagan is in the White House, and AIDS is causing wide-scale death in America. In Manhattan, Prior Walter tells Lou, his lover of four years, that he has AIDS; Lou, unable to handle it, leaves him. As disease and loneliness ravage Prior, guilt invades Lou. Joe Pitt, a Mormon and Republican attorney, is pushed by right-wing fixer Roy Cohn toward a job at the United States Department of Justice. Both Pitt and Cohn are in the closet: Pitt out of shame and religious turmoil, Cohn to preserve his power and image. Pitt's wife Harper is strung out on Valium, causing her to hallucinate constantly , and she longs to escape from her sexless marriage. An angel with ulterior motives commands Prior to become a prophet. Pitt's mother and Belize, a close friend and drag queen, help Prior choose. Joe leaves his wife and goes to live with Lou, but the relationship doesn't work out due to ideological differences. Roy is diagnosed with AIDS early on, and as his life comes to a close he is haunted by the ghost of Ethel Rosenberg. As the film continues, these lost souls come together to create bonds of love, loss, and loneliness and, in the end, discover forgiveness and overcome abandonment.Part one Film4Part two Film4."] ["Four older women, all Chinese immigrants living in San Francisco, meet regularly to play mahjong, eat, and tell stories. Each of these women has an adult Chinese-American daughter. The film reveals the hidden pasts of the older women and their daughter's lives shaped by the clash of Chinese and American cultures as they strive to understand their family bonds and one another."] ["A newsstand owner takes pity on Qinawi, a lame young man, and gives him a job selling newspapers in the Cairo train station. The women there all shun him because of his mild handicap, though he has little trouble walking. Qinawi becomes obsessed with Hannuma, a beautiful cold drink vendor. But she is engaged to Abu Siri, a husky luggage porter who is trying to organize his co-workers into a union to better their lot. Nonetheless, Qinawi proposes to her. When she rejects his fantasy of a home and children in his village, Qinawi's obsession turns to madness. Inspired by an unsolved murder in the news, he buys a knife and plots to kill Hannuma. When the local policemen try to catch Hannuma and the other women illegally selling drinks, she asks Qinawi to take her incriminating drink bucket and hide it. He seeks to lure her to a warehouse to pick it up, but she asks a friend to get it instead. In the darkness, Qinawi does not notice the substitution; he stabs the other woman repeatedly, then hides the body in a wooden crate supposedly holding Hannuma's trousseau. Then he gets Abu Siri to put it aboard a train for Hannuma's impending wedding. The woman is not dead, however. She is found, and the station is alerted. The men who stand to lose by Abu Siri's unionization at first try to pin the attempted murder on him, but the would-be victim identifies her real assailant. Meanwhile, unaware of her near escape from death, Hannuma goes to get her bucket. Qinawi chases her through the rail yard and catches her, holding a knife to her head to keep the crowd at bay. The newsstand owner tells Qinawi that he will be allowed to marry Hannuma and coaxes him into putting on his wedding garment. Qinawi complies, then realizes he has donned a straitjacket. He struggles, but is taken away."] ["The story is set during a workers' strike in Nantes in 1955. Steel worker François Guilbaud is one of the strikers, and he rents a room from Margot Langlois, a widow who sympathizes with the strikers although she is herself upper-class. He has a pregnant girlfriend named Violette Pelletier, to whom he becomes less and less attracted, and abandons. When he tries to defend his behaviour, she feels she is treated even more unjustly. He meets Edith Leroyer, a beautiful working-class girl who is unhappily married to a rich but impotent and neurotic merchant, and a part-time prostitute. Unbeknownst to him she is the daughter of the widow. He first meets her in the street and one night she shows up in his room, wearing only her fur coat. They fall instantly in love, but their great passion lasts only one night, for during the demonstration he is shot by the police and dies in Edith's arms."] [' Jack Powell and David Armstrong are rivals in the same small American town, both vying for the attentions of pretty Sylvia Lewis. Jack fails to realize that "the girl next door", Mary Preston, is desperately in love with him. The two young men both enlist to become combat pilots in the Air Service. When they leave for training camp, Jack mistakenly believes Sylvia prefers him. She actually prefers David and lets him know about her feelings, but is too kindhearted to turn down Jack\'s affection. Jack and David are billeted together. Their tent mate is Cadet White, but their acquaintance is all too brief; White is killed in an air crash the same day. Undaunted, the two men endure a rigorous training period, where they go from being enemies to best friends. Upon graduating, they are shipped off to France to fight the Germans. Mary joins the war effort by becoming an ambulance driver. She later learns of Jack\'s reputation as an ace and encounters him while on leave in Paris. She finds him, but he is too drunk to recognize her. She puts him to bed, but when two Military Police barge in while she is innocently changing from a borrowed dress back into her uniform in the same room, she is forced to resign and return to America. The climax of the story comes with the epic Battle of Saint-Mihiel. David is shot down and presumed dead. However, he survives the crash landing, steals a German biplane, and heads for the Allied lines. By a tragic stroke of bad luck, he is spotted and shot down by Jack, who is bent on avenging his friend. When Jack lands to pick up a souvenir, he becomes distraught when he learns what he has done, but before David dies, he forgives his comrade. With the end of the war, Jack returns home to a hero\'s welcome. When he returns David\'s effects to his grieving parents, David\'s mother blames the war, not Jack, for her son\'s death. Then, Jack is reunited with Mary and realizes he loves her.'] ["In a suburban neighborhood, Paul Gold  lies in his bedroom in a vegetative state - a coma caused by a traumatic car accident, being nursed by his mother, Esther . Esther dutifully tends to Paul day and night, and in doing so has distanced herself from her husband Howard  and teenage daughter Julie . In an attempt to elicit her mother's attention, Julie enters Esther in a local radio contest in hopes of winning the brand new car that is up for grabs. Meanwhile, after ages of putting his job first, Jim Train  feels his family, especially his efficient wife Susan , no longer needs him. He tries to reconnect with his son Jake , but pubescent Jake is preoccupied with romantic fantasies that revolve around his younger sister's twelve-inch plastic doll. Jim stops going to work, claiming that a bomb threat was called into his office, and convinces Esther and Julie to let him help them win the car. The Trains' neighbor, Helen Christianson , feeling older and less desirable, tries new products to keep her feeling young but succeeds only in alienating her husband, who loves her as she is. Helen's good friend, Annette Jennings , in the midst of a messy divorce, struggles to financially provide for her two daughters. Sam , the older tomboyish daughter, is desperate to go off to camp that summer. Sam's younger sister suffers from mental disabilities and requires special schooling, schooling that her selfish ex-husband refuses to pay for. Annette is also mourning the loss of Paul, with whom she was having a relationship. Randy , the neighborhood's landscaper, is also coping  with his own younger brother's death. Annette's estranged husband comes over so that he can see the children. He states that he would like to take their eldest, Sam, on holiday. Annette refuses because Sam isn't interested in spending time with her father and her ex-husband does not want to care for the younger daughter. Sam overhears the ensuing argument and as a result runs away from her father when he tries to talk to her at the park. After stopping behind a nearby building, she bumps into Randy who convinces her that her mom instructed him to pick her up. Randy takes Sam to a remote cabin in the woods and keeps her there, not allowing her to call home while calling her 'Johnny'. After what appears to be three days, Randy starts driving back to the suburb in an attempt to recreate the night that all of the characters' lives intersected. However, when the beer he asks Sam to hand him doesn't explode, he appears to realize that the person in the back seat is Sam, not his brother, who was named Johnny. Esther eventually gets to the final two in the radio contest, only to pull out at the last moment after nearly three days of physical and emotional taxation. Julie becomes angry and runs off. Jim, angry at what he feels is an inadequate second place prize, becomes violent and wrecks the area. He gets chased off by Bobby, Helen's son, who works as the mall security guard. Esther, who finally becomes aware of how much she has neglected her daughter, goes home and tearfully suffocates her son. Jim returns home, and Randy lets Sam go home. Helen almost cheats on her husband, but after making a last minute phone call eventually returns home having done nothing. It is revealed in a flashback what caused the car crash which put Paul in a coma. Randy, Paul, and Randy's younger brother Johnny were traveling in a car after a gig that Paul's band played. Johnny gave Randy and Paul beers which were secretly shaken, so that they exploded on Paul, who was driving. Another car, carrying Julie and Bobby, came from the opposite direction, speeding to rush Julie home after an impromptu tryst so that Julie wouldn't get in trouble for violating her curfew. Both drivers became distracted, both cars had to swerve to avoid one another, and Paul's car crashed and flipped over. The guilt that has consumed Randy and Julie both throughout the film is shown to have originated from both believing that they were to blame for the crash. The final scenes of the movie show the characters coming to heightened understandings of impacts of events in their lives and the choices they've made, and lastly, the interconnectedness of the families profiled."] ['Ten people in Baltimore deal with their respective romantic problems, usually thwarted by the differing ideals and desires of their chosen partner. At the center of this is Gigi , a young woman who repeatedly misinterprets the behavior of her romantic partners.  Gigi is a single woman who repeatedly misreads mundane actions and comments from her dates as indications they are romantically interested in her. She then frets when the guy doesn\'t call. In attempting to meet Conor at a bar, she befriends the bar owner Alex  who reveals the strategies men use to avoid a woman. He explains that if a man is interested in a woman, he will overcome any obstacles to ensure they date again, and that Gigi has been misinterpreting and obsessing over imagined "signs" she receives from men. This friendship continues and Gigi interprets his eagerness to always assist, such as taking Gigi\'s call while he is on a date, as a sign that he is interested in her. She eventually makes a move but Alex claims he is not interested in her romantically. Gigi has moved on from Alex, no longer desperately trying to construct evidence the man is interested in her. However, in a role reversal, Alex began mooning over Gigi. After leaving several unanswered messages Alex arrives at Gigi\'s apartment to declare his love. They kiss and start dating.  Gigi\'s friend and co-worker Janine  is having difficulties in her marriage to Ben . As Janine obsesses on their home renovations, Ben becomes attracted to Anna , a yoga instructor and aspiring singer, and the feeling is mutual. Ben and Anna pursue a flirtatious friendship under the pretense of him helping her establish a singing career. Ben reveals to Anna that Janine coerced him into marriage by threatening to leave if he didn\'t propose. Fervently anti-smoking , Janine pointedly asks Ben if he has been smoking, and later is perturbed to find cigarette butts hidden in the back yard of the house. Ben insists they are not his. Their contractor Javier, aggressively interrogated by Janine, says none of his workers smoke at the house. During a tense shopping trip to select flooring, Ben reveals to Janine that he has cheated on her. Janine is devastated but rationalizes Ben\'s behavior, blaming herself for being too cold in the relationship, and declares she wants to save their marriage. After a positive meeting about her singing career, Anna begins to have sex with Ben in his office. They are interrupted by Janine who, hoping to spice up their marriage, has arrived unexpectedly. Anna hides in a closet and Ben attempts to send Janine away. But she makes a heartfelt plea to save their marriage, and there are indications she succeeds in seducing him. After Janine leaves Anna angrily departs vowing to cut ties with Ben. As Janine tidies up Ben\'s clothes back at their newly completed house, fully satisfied to make it a home, she discovers a fresh pack of cigarettes in a pocket. She explodes in anger. When Ben arrives home he finds his clothes neatly folded with a whole carton of cigarettes and a note attached from Janine asking for a divorce. Janine moves into a new apartment by herself to start a new life. Anna is later seen performing at an upscale nightclub. Ben is alone, purchasing the same beer at the same supermarket where he met Anna.  Ben\'s lover Anna enjoys a close friendship with Alex\'s friend, real estate agent, Conor ([[Kevin Connolly . He is romantically interested in her, while Anna is only interested in a casual relationship with Conor. Conor misinterprets her hugs and cute nicknames for potential romantic interest. Anna\'s friend, Mary  is in ad sales for a local newspaper. She helps Conor promote his real estate business in a series of print ads. Like Gigi, she meets many men , but despite constantly monitoring emails, pager, phone, and Myspace messages, the "meetings" go nowhere. ; While Conor attempts to cultivate a gay clientele, two gay men tell him how he is going wrong with Anna. Taking their advice, Conor decides to declare his love to Anna. Vulnerable after falling out with Ben, Anna agrees to start a serious relationship with him. When Conor proposes buying a house and moving in together, Anna admits she doesn\'t want to, and they break up. Mary later runs into Conor, recognizing him from his ad photo, and introduces herself, since they have only spoken over the phone. They hit it off, and start dating.  Gigi\'s other co-worker, Beth , is living with her boyfriend, Neil , who is also friends with Ben. After seven years together, Beth wants to get married, but Neil does not believe in marriage. With Gigi\'s newfound pragmatic stance on relationships after advice from Alex, she announces that she will no longer misinterpret vague gestures from men as more than they really are. This spurs Beth to confront Neil about their relationship. When he still does not want to get married, she breaks up with him. Later, the fraught preparations for her younger sister Paige\'s  wedding bring the issue into sharper focus to Beth. During the reception, her father  suffers a heart attack. Beth looks after him as he recuperates while her sisters sit moping and their husbands remain glued to the television. As the household falls into chaos, Neil arrives with groceries and has tidied the kitchen. The two reconcile, with Beth saying that Neil is more of a husband to her than her sisters\' spouses are to them, and she will not insist they be married. Neil later proposes to her, and they marry in an intimate ceremony aboard his sailboat.'] ['Set in contemporary New York City, Shortbus revolves around Sofia Lin , who is married to the handsome but dimwitted Rob . She works as a couples counselor/sex therapist although she has never achieved an orgasm. She comes into contact with a couple: former child star Jamie  and former prostitute James ([[Paul Dawson , the film\'s other lead character. At the outset, James suggests to his boyfriend that they open up their relationship to sex with others. During their first consultation, Sofia snaps, slaps Jamie, and apologetically reveals her "pre-orgasmic" status. The couple suggests she attend a weekly social/artistic/sexual salon in Brooklyn called "Shortbus," which is hosted by drag performance artist Justin Bond . Sofia slowly opens up to new experiences; this includes a friendship with a dominatrix who goes by the name Severin played by Lindsay Beamish.  Sofia\'s inability to achieve orgasm begins to cause conflict with Rob, who in turn begins attending Shortbus with Sofia. James and Jamie meet a young ex-model and aspiring singer named Ceth  and the three begin a sexual relationship. Meanwhile, James and Jamie\'s life is being closely watched by their across-the-street stalker neighbor, Caleb . Caleb fears the inclusion of Ceth in James and Jamie\'s relationship might break them up and thus destroy his ability to live vicariously through them, so he attends Shortbus, where he confronts Ceth. Sofia begins to go daily to a spa with a sensory deprivation tank to meet with Severin, and the two begin to have intense conversations. Severin begins to help Sofia loosen up sexually; Sofia helps Severin achieve a deeper human connection than she had experienced before. One evening at Shortbus, Severin discusses with Sofia the idea of giving up sex work to pursue her dream of being an artist. The two then have an unplanned sexual experience, and once again Sofia is left unsatisfied. Throughout the film, James is seen making a film about himself and his relationship. It turns out to be a suicide note. He attempts to take his own life and is rescued by Caleb, who calls for help, but is too embarrassed to wait with James for the help to arrive. He writes his phone number and email address on James\' face while he is unconscious. When James wakes in the hospital, he calls Caleb. James goes to Caleb\'s home to be consoled, but does not contact Jamie or Ceth, neither of whom can understand why he wouldn\'t call them or come home. There follows an interlocking trio of scenes showing connections between the characters\' emotional problems and their sexual lives. * At Caleb\'s house, he and James have sex, and James allows Caleb to penetrate him, something he has never allowed anyone to do before. Afterward, in a dramatic revelation, James is seen in the window of Caleb\'s apartment by Jamie, who realizes in that moment that James is alive and okay. * Rob and Severin have a paid encounter where Rob asks to be beaten, something he couldn\'t ask Sofia to do. As this progresses, Severin loses control and Rob tries to comfort her. * Sofia seems to have a dream of struggling through an overgrown, wild forested area to a gentle seashore where she tries to achieve orgasm again. On failing, she screams, and in the real world the lights go off across the city, seemingly caused by the simultaneous and collective frustration of the characters. The film ends with a song by Justin Bond at Shortbus during the blackout. Sofia arrives and finds Rob with Severin and after acknowledging him sits down by herself. James and Jamie also arrive followed by Ceth and Caleb. Justin\'s song starts on a wistful note, but as it progresses it becomes more energetic and positive thanks to the arrival of the Hungry March Band. This is mirrored in the actions and emotions of the actors. Jamie and James make out on the floor, and Ceth and Caleb start to hit it off. Rob seems to find a friend, and Severin progresses from nervous anxiety to happy elation upon the arrival of the band. Sofia engages in a threesome with a couple she has seen several times before and who appear to meet her prerequisite of "just beginning to experiment sexually" , and finally achieves an orgasm, and the blackout affecting New York ends, as does the film.'] ['The action is set in The Bronx in 1964. It begins with the murder of a high-school teacher, who was shot in the back by an arrow . A man offers to give two young ladies  to two teenage boys, even offering them cash to take the women off his hands. These ladies later wake in a strange apartment, lying naked under sheets. The next day, the boys tell the girls that their teacher was murdered, and that is why they were available to take the girls for the car ride. Heinz has just been released from prison after serving a term for attempted rape, and has returned to his old neighborhood to resume his relationship with his demented mother and to "rekindle" his own demented version of a relationship with Linda, the near-rape victim. Harry had protected Linda in the near-rape, but since then he has adopted a policy of non-violent response to violence . Harry has now become a Buddhist and a pacifist, and seeks to join Dr. King\'s movement, making protecting Linda again a difficult task. Heinz calls Linda, and tells her to meet him in a park at midnight. She reluctantly agrees, knowing that he may become dangerous if she doesn\'t comply. When arriving at the pool, she finds a board to use for protection and hides it. Heinz shows her a present he got for her: two penguins he stole from the Bronx zoo. She tells him that he has to return them because penguins need special food. Heinz becomes outraged, thinking that she was rejecting his gift, and kills one of the penguins. Linda attempts to fight Heinz off, but he overpowers her and renders her unconscious. The movie ends with Heinz taking an unconscious Linda to a rooftop, where police secure the building. A sharpshooter is in a position to kill him but doesn\'t because it would endanger Linda. Heinz is killed by a mysterious arrow to his back, just like the teacher at the beginning of the film. The film earned $969,205.Box Office Mojo - Five Corners Retrieved 31 March 2007.'] ["The film follows the lives of a group of gay friends in West Hollywood. Among the group is Dennis , a photographer who often holds the group together; Cole  a handsome, charismatic actor who &mdash; often unwittingly &mdash; ends up with other people's boyfriends; Benji , the youngest member of the group, with a penchant for gym-bodied men, who finds himself going through some bad times; Howie ([[Matt McGrath , a psychology student who is known for overthinking every situation; Patrick ([[Ben Weber , the cynic of the group; and Taylor ([[Billy Porter , who has long boasted about his long-term relationship, which has just come crashing to an end. Guiding them is restaurant owner Jack  who provides them with advice and jobs for some of them who work part time as servers at his restaurant. But when tragedy strikes, and the group's newest member, 23-year-old Kevin , attempts to fit in, their friendships are put to the test. The film also stars Nia Long, Mary McCormack and Justin Theroux, and features a cameo by Kerr Smith, who knew the director through their work on Dawson's Creek and enjoyed the script so much he asked to be a part of it."] ['The film depicts two days in the lives of four real estate salesmen who are supplied with names and phone numbers of leads  and regularly use underhanded and dishonest tactics to make sales. Many of the leads rationed out by the office manager are impoverished individuals lacking either the money or the desire to actually invest in land. Blake  is sent by Mitch and Murray  to motivate the salesmen. Blake unleashes a torrent of verbal abuse on the men and announces that only the top two sellers will be allowed access to the more promising Glengarry leads and the rest of them will be fired. Shelley "The Machine" Levene , a once-successful salesman now in a long-running slump and with a sick daughter, knows that he will lose his job soon if he cannot generate sales. He tries to convince office manager John Williamson  to give him some of the Glengarry leads, but Williamson refuses. Levene tries first to charm Williamson, then to threaten him, and finally to bribe him. Williamson is willing to sell some of the prime leads, but demands cash in advance. Levene cannot come up with the cash and leaves without any good leads. Dave Moss  and George Aaronow  complain about Mitch and Murray, and Moss proposes that they strike back at the two by stealing all the Glengarry leads and selling them to a competing real estate agency. Moss\'s plan requires Aaronow to break into the office, stage a burglary and steal all of the prime leads. Aaronow wants no part of the plan, but Moss tries to coerce him, saying that Aaronow is already an accessory before the fact simply because he knows about the proposed burglary. At a nearby bar, Ricky Roma , the office\'s top "closer," delivers a long, disjointed but compelling monologue to a meek, middle-aged man named James Lingk . Roma does not broach the subject of a real estate deal until he has completely won Lingk over with his speech. Framing it as being an opportunity rather than a purchase, Roma plays upon Lingk\'s feelings of insecurity. The salesmen come into the office the following morning to find that there has been a burglary and the Glengarry leads have been stolen. Williamson and the police question each of the salesmen in private. After his interrogation, Moss leaves in disgust, only after having one last shouting match with Roma. During the cycle of interrogations, Lingk arrives to tell Roma that his wife has told him to cancel the deal. Scrambling to salvage the deal, Roma tries to deceive Lingk by telling him that the check he wrote the night before has yet to be cashed, and that accordingly he has time to reason with his wife and reconsider. Levene abets Roma by pretending to be a wealthy investor and friend of Roma\'s who just happens to be on his way to the airport. Williamson, unaware of Roma and Levene\'s stalling tactic, lies to Lingk, claiming that he already deposited his check in the bank. Upset, Lingk rushes out of the office, threatening to contact the state\'s attorney, and Roma berates Williamson for what he has done. Roma then enters Williamson\'s office to take his turn being interrogated by the police. Levene, proud of an unlikely sale he made that morning, takes the opportunity to mock Williamson in private. In his zeal to get back at Williamson, Levene carelessly reveals that he knows Williamson left Lingk\'s check on his desk and did not make the bank run the previous night—something only the man who broke into the office would know. Williamson catches Levene\'s slip-of-the-tongue quickly and compels Levene to admit that he broke into the office. Levene eventually breaks down and admits that he and Moss conspired to steal the leads to sell to a competitor. Levene attempts to bribe Williamson with a large portion of all his future sales in exchange for keeping quiet about the burglary. Williamson scoffs at the suggestion and tells Levene that the buyers to whom he made his sale earlier that day, Bruce and Harriet Nyborg, are in fact bankrupt and delusional and just enjoy talking to salesmen. Levene, crushed by this revelation, asks Williamson why he seeks to ruin him. Williamson coldly responds, "Because I don\'t like you." Levene makes a last-ditch attempt at gaining sympathy from Williamson by mentioning his sick daughter, but Williamson cruelly rebuffs him and leaves to inform the detective about Levene\'s part in the burglary. Unaware of Levene\'s guilt, Roma walks out of the office for lunch and talks to Levene about forming a business partnership before the detective starts calling for Levene. The film ends as Levene walks, defeated, into Williamson\'s office.'] ['"Smiler" Grogan , suspect in a tuna factory robbery  15 years before and on the run from the police, recklessly passes a number of vehicles on a twisting, mountainous road in the Mojave Desert of Southern California before careening his car off a cliff and crashing. Five motorists from four of the passed vehicles stop to assist: Melville Crump , a dentist; Lennie Pike , a furniture mover; Dingy Bell  and Benjy Benjamin , two friends on their way to Las Vegas; and J. Russell Finch , an entrepreneur. Just before he kicks the bucket , Grogan tells the supposedly good Samaritans about $350,000 buried in a box  in Santa Rosita State Park near the Mexican border, under a "Big W". Two detectives (Norman Fell , Nicholas Georgiade  arrive, with the main detective asking those five, who descended the hill to the accident site, some pointed questions about their interaction with Grogan. While not so artfully dodging the questions, each of the five internally changes from having had compassion for Grogan to becoming greedy to retrieve the treasure. Then the detectives permit the five to return to their vehicles after demanding and receiving Finch\'s contact information. The motorists then drive away from the accident site, initially testing each other\'s resolve on the road, then stop to try to reason with one another on how to share the money, but when they can\'t agree on any one particular distribution , they run to their vehicles to engage in an all-out race to reach the loot first. All four vehicles are eventually abandoned. Meanwhile, Captain T. G. Culpeper , of the Santa Rosita Police Department, has been patiently working on the Grogan case for 15 years, hoping to solve it someday and retire with honor. Learning of the fatal crash, he suspects that "Smiler" might have given one or more of the witnesses a clue to the stolen loot\'s location and has police units track their movements. After mistakenly throwing his hat out of his office window, where a passing motorist  intentionally runs over it, Culpeper phones police  in another jurisdiction about Grogan. Culpeper\'s switchboard operator  takes calls while he has his own disastrous phone conversation with his wife, Ginger , and his daughter, Billie Sue . Everyone experiences multiple setbacks en route to the money. Melville and his wife Monica  charter a shabby World War I-era biplane to Santa Rosita from an unlicensed pilot . The two arrive by cab at a hardware store. After telling the cabbie  to wait outside, a store employee  lets them in just before closing time. However, the store\'s owner, a Mr. Dinkler , then turns off all the lights and closes and locks the door to the basement, into which the two, intending to find and buy a pick and shovel, had just descended. Melville wrecks the place in various failed attempts to escape before blasting a hole in the wall with dynamite. Dingy and Benjy question an attendant ([[Charles Lane  and, against his objections, convince pilot Tyler Fitzgerald  to shuttle them to Santa Rosita in his modern twin-engine aircraft. Fitzgerald carelessly lets them operate the controls while he makes drinks in the back of the plane and is soon knocked unconscious by the pair\'s erratic steering. The two then have to fly and land the plane on their own. They are eventually talked down by a group of air-traffic controllers (led by Carl Reiner and [[Jesse White , who pass the radio to their superior . On the ground, crews including three firemen  prepare for a terrible disaster. Two other cab drivers ([[Eddie Anderson , who respectively whisk Dingy and Benjy away from the airport, and Melville and Monica from the hardware store, also get in on the hunt. Pike crashes his furniture truck into the car containing Finch, his wife Emmeline , and his overbearing dictatorial mother-in-law, Mrs. Marcus . Finch persuades Pike to ride off for help on a bicycle, then the three flag down British army Lt. Col. J. Algernon Hawthorne  to get them to Santa Rosita and ignore Pike on the roadside nearby. The four stop at a service station owned by two brothers , who decline Finch\'s request to rent the station\'s tow truck. Mrs. Marcus refuses the aid of a passing motorist , who is driving an old Maxwell. After many arguments, most caused by Mrs. Marcus, she and Emmeline refuse to go any farther, and Finch and Hawthorne leave them behind. Pike tries to get motorist Otto Meyer  to take him to Santa Rosita but foolishly tells him about the scheme, prompting the greedy Meyer to race for the money himself. Pike, outraged, destroys the aforementioned service station at which Meyer has been forced to stop due to a tire blowout. After the rampage, Pike steals the station\'s tow truck and later picks up Mrs. Marcus and Emmeline. Mrs. Marcus calls her beach bum son Sylvester , who lives near Santa Rosita, to look for the loot, but the Oedipally-obsessed Sylvester, who is dancing with his laconic girlfriend , races hysterically to the defense of his mother instead. Meyer experiences his own setbacks, including losing his car in a river. After flagging down a nervous motorist , persuading the motorist by a conspiracy theory that he is a CIA man hunted by Russians, Meyer steals the motorist\'s car. All the while, the police secretly track their activities while Culpeper bides his time. Eventually, all of the interlopers arrive at the state park and begin searching for the "Big W", overseen by Captain Culpeper, secretly disgruntled and intent on keeping all of the loot for himself on being promised only a too-small pension, despite solving the Grogan case. He orders all policemen to leave the area and waits for the others to retrieve the money. Emmeline, the only one who wanted no part of the scheme, is the first to recognize the "Big W"&nbsp;— four large palm trees standing at odd angles. As the watching Culpeper steps out of the bushes and greets her, she unwittingly reveals the location to him and suggests they split the money. Soon Pike and the others notice the palm trees as well and frantically begin digging beneath them, while Culpeper quietly mixes in with the non-diggers. After the suitcase containing the loot is dug up and opened, the group argues about the money\'s distribution. Culpeper then identifies himself, takes the suitcase, and suggests to the stunned ensemble that they turn themselves in, stating that a jury might be more lenient if they do. Initially taking Culpeper\'s advice, the defeated claimants climb into the two taxis and drive out of the park. When the two taxicab groups notice Culpeper heading away from Santa Rosita with the money, they immediately reverse direction and chase him, foiling his plan to store his police vehicle with a pre-arranged crony  in a seaside garage and hop a boat bound for Mexico. After a number of unsuccessful attempts to reach Culpeper by radio, Police Chief Aloysius  realizes what Culpeper is doing and revokes his newly-trebled pension&nbsp;— which Aloysius had secured by arm twisting the mayor  less than a half hour before&nbsp;— and orders Culpeper\'s arrest. At the end of the chase, stranded high up on an abandoned building are the eleven men in the group, each of whom is continually trying to keep the other ten men from possessing the suitcase containing the money, despite warnings from a speech-maker  below that the stairs are unsafe. While the men were trying to avoid falling off the building\'s disintegrating fire escape ladders, the suitcase accidentally opens. The astonished crowd watching below reaches for much of the money fluttering down but inexplicably leaves a significant amount of it untouched. The men then simultaneously attempt to climb down an extended fire truck ladder, but their combined weight makes the firemen lose control of the ladder, which gyrates wildly, flinging or dropping them off to various locations. The dejected men, now immobile in a prison hospital in bandages and casts, blame one another for their predicament and criticize Culpeper for seizing the money. Replying that their sentences likely will be lighter because he will probably take most of the blame in court, ex-Captain Culpeper adds that perhaps in ten or twenty years, there will be something about all this he can laugh about. Benjy throws a banana peel towards, but beyond, a waste basket, landing on the floor, moments before the nagging Mrs. Marcus enters, flanked by Monica and Emmeline, scolding all of the hospitalized men for everything. When Mrs. Marcus slips on the banana peel and is carried off on a gurney, all the injured men, including Culpeper, begin to laugh hysterically.'] ["The story revolves around University students and roommates Mia  and Alice , each of whom is experiencing various upheavals. Mia and Alice have just moved into a trendy apartment but are in desperate need of a housemate. Danni , Mia's girlfriend is keen to move in, but Mia fears commitment. Mia, obsessed with her favourite lecturer becomes embroiled in a war of paperwork with the University administration as she attempts to pursue him to his new department. She is hampered in her efforts to transfer by her current supervisor . To add to her woes she then breaks up with her girlfriend, Danni. Danni herself is pursuing another love interest, in part to get back at Mia. Alice, a habitual perfectionist is four years late with her thesis on 'Doris Day as Feminist Warrior.' She is looking for the perfect man but can't find anyone who fits her strict criteria. Frustrated, she falls for the most unsuitable male possible... Ari , a Classics student and part time gigolo. However she is the object of desire of a shy medical student, Michael . As the day ends and the party begins events begin to unscramble in unexpected ways. Omnia Vincit Amor... Love Conquers All."] ['Joe is an aspiring actor working as a bus boy in a high-class restaurant. His longtime girlfriend Mary works as a cosmetician for the fashion industry and largely supports him with her steady income. Joe is more concerned with expressing himself than getting a paying job, and has been unwilling to accept roles that do not live up to his artistic standard. Mary supports Joe, but urges him to accept any role to get his foot in the door. Meanwhile, his co-worker Bob lands a lucrative role on a soap opera. Bob is a classically trained actor, but is willing to overlook the quality of the material for the money. He also has a fetish for natural blonde women, leading him to date Sahara, a naive model, and then dump her after discovering that her hair is dyed. Joe swallows his artistic pride and meets with an agent, Dee Dee Taylor, who arranges for him to be an extra in a Madonna video. Mary is harassed as she walks to work each day and begins taking a self-defense and anger management class on the advice of her therapist. The instructor encourages her to express her anger, and she finds the class extremely empowering. Bob is successful in his soap opera role and begins a relationship with his costar Kelly, a "real blonde". At the Madonna video, the director treats Joe and the other extras like cattle. Joe meets Madonna\'s body double, Tina, a friendly aspiring actress, and gets himself fired for protesting an anti-Semitic statement made by the assistant director. Joe\'s firing sparks an argument between Joe and Mary. The pressure of Joe\'s career is straining their relationship, and they have not had sex in a long time. Mary\'s instructor, Doug, gives her a ride home from her class and makes a pass at her. She rebuffs him, but lies to cover up the incident to Joe. Meanwhile, Bob suffers erectile dysfunction and is unable to have sex with Kelly. She mocks his inadequacy and leaves him. Dee Dee takes pity on Joe and allows him to audition for the role of a "sexy serial killer". He reads his lines with Tina and begins to improvise his dialogue. He impresses the producers and lands the role. Tina invites him out for a drink and he resists her advances with some difficulty. Mary meets with her therapist and tells him about her experience with her self-defense instructor. He tells her that she must become comfortable with men showing their attraction to her and begins sharing his own sexual fantasies about her. She storms out of the session. Meanwhile, Bob is negotiating a longtime contract on the soap opera, but Kelly continues to taunt him on set. Bob threatens to quit the show and then forces the producer to kill off Kelly\'s character. Bob goes back to dating Sahara, with whom he is miserable. Joe breaks the big news about his role to Mary and they rejoice. Mary asks him if she is wrong for feeling angry when men hit on her. Joe supports her and threatens to beat up her therapist if he ever sees him again. They have sex for the first time in months and drift off to sleep, happy and satisfied. Mary wraps her hand around Joe\'s finger, revealing that his improvised monologue had been about his feelings for her.'] ["Francesco  and Marta  are an uptight Roman couple running a small design firm. Their marriage, once the most important thing to both of them, has lost all meaning. Francesco loses interest in Marta, prompting her to start an affair with their business partner. Then Francesco's aunt Anita, the black sheep of the family, dies in Istanbul, where Francesco goes to try to sell the property he has inherited from her as quickly as possible. The family who had managed the property under Anita's supervision and direction welcomes him with hospitality, but they are concerned about what the future holds for them. Their young son Mehmet  is particularly eager to show their handsome guest around. When Francesco discovers the property includes a derelict hamam, a Turkish bath, he instead decides to restore the hamam and reopen it to the public. During the restoration, he starts a relationship with Mehmet.Steam-Scene Meanwhile, Marta has arrived in Istanbul to get a speedy divorce from Francesco, but she is taken aback when she realizes how much Francesco has changed from his Roman self: both the hamam and Mehmet's unconditional affection were just what he needed, giving him back a purpose in life. Marta falls in love with him again, causing Rome and the divorce to lose importance for her. Francesco's unwillingness to sell the property makes him enemies, some of whom ultimately murder him. Marta decides to stay in Istanbul and run the hamam, the final scene suggesting she has turned into a second Anita."] ["Continuing seventeen years after Arcand's The Decline of the American Empire, the film centres on an exploration of the characters first met in the original film and their children, newly introduced. The older generation are still largely social-democrats and proponents of Quebec nationalism, but both political and economic developments after the “Quiet Revolution” of the 1960s, as well as their own aging, make their left-wing stance seem somewhat anachronistic. The plot revolves around the character Rémy's battle with terminal cancer, and the efforts of Sébastien, his estranged son to make his dying father more comfortable in his last days. Finally the father and son travel to Vermont in the United States to receive medical care. Sébastien, at the request of Rémy's ex-wife Louise, has reluctantly returned from London where he has a successful career in quantitative finance - anathema to his father's socialist persuasions. However, this background helps Sébastien to navigate and manipulate Quebec's healthcare system  to secure better care for his father. In the process, he also gathers the various other friends and family members from Rémy's past who come to visit and comfort him. During Rémy's last days, he and his friends travel to the cottage of the first film, and discuss philosophy, politics, and past sexual and intellectual exploits."] ['The movie deals with love and its various incarnations, set within a community of friends in Portland, Oregon. Harry Stevenson  narrates about how love can affect one\'s life.  Bradley run a small cafe in Portland. He has been married to his wife Kathryn for some time. However, their marriage becomes strained. Soon enough Kathryn begins a lesbian relationship with a woman, Jenny, she meets playing softball and leaves Bradley. The divorce affects Bradley greatly, but he soon finds love again in Diana, a realtor who also has a past with a married man named David. Though she ends her affair with David to marry Bradley they ultimately declare they are in love with each other and Diana leaves Bradley, again devastating him. Now twice divorced Bradley suffers a mini-breakdown and stabs himself in the hand. As he is getting stitched up in the hospital he falls for his doctor, Margaret. In the film\'s conclusion the two are revealed to marry.  Oscar is a young man working at Bradley\'s cafe who soon meets and falls in love with a girl named Chloe. However, Oscar is revealed to be living with his alcoholically abusive father, Bat. When Chloe visits a fortune teller, she reveals that Oscar will die. Chloe, though upset at first, straightens her resolve about her love for Oscar and their future together. Coming home, she urges Oscar that they get married immediately. At the wedding, Chloe reveals to Harry that she is pregnant, and plans to have another baby right after due to Harry\'s advice of having "two." In the film\'s conclusion as everybody gathers for an afternoon in the park Oscar collapses, and despite attempts to get him to a hospital he dies of a heart defect due to the heavy traffic. Then Bat attempts to avenge his son\'s death by harming Chloe but Harry scares him off and asks if he and his wife Esther can adopt Chloe.  Diana is a successful realtor and has been carrying on an affair with the married David. Though she asks him numerous times to leave his wife, Karen, of 11 years he cannot bring himself to do it. Their relationship becomes even more volatile when Diana begins dating Bradley and falls in love with him. David persists he loves Diana, but unable to leave his wife, Diana marries Bradley and ends their affair. However, their love is later rekindled when Karen discovers her husband was cheating, leaving him. Free at last, David and Diana have an emotional confrontation in the park that ends with a kiss that Bradley sees, fueling their divorce and Bradley stabbing himself. In the film\'s conclusion Diana and David are shown as a public and functionally happy couple.  Harry and his wife Esther have been married a long time. Harry is a patron at Bradley\'s cafe and often provides the younger generation with advice on love. However, it is revealed that Harry and Esther are masking their own grief after the death of their adult son, Aaron. Harry reveals the nature of his son\'s death to Chloe, whom he and Esther grow very close to. Harry has also been struggling with the decision of going back to work as a Professor at a university. In the film\'s conclusion after Oscar\'s death he and Esther offer to adopt a now widowed and pregnant Chloe, who tearfully accepts their offer.'] ["It is the early 1900s. Distinguished philosopher Leopold  and his much younger fiancée, Ariel , are going to spend a weekend in the country with Leopold's cousin Adrian  and her crackpot inventor husband Andrew . Also on the guest list is womanising doctor Maxwell  and his latest girlfriend, free-thinking nurse, Dulcy . Over the course of the weekend, old romances reignite, new romances develop, and everyone ends up sneaking off behind everyone else's backs."] ['Vidar , who works at a psychiatric hospital, tries to keep himself awake as much as he can, because he has several times dreamt of horrible events that turned out to be true premonitions. At one point, he dreams that Leon , one of the patients, who is supposed to meet his ex-girlfriend, never meets her, but is hit by an ambulance instead.'] ['The film is an anthology of four Halloween-related scary stories. One common element that ties the stories together is the presence of Sam  , a mysterious pint-sized trick-or-treater wearing shabby orange pajamas with a burlap sack over his head. He makes an appearance in all the stories as a \'friendly-reminder\' to those who break Halloween traditions.TRICK \'R TREAT  Emma  and her holiday-obsessed husband, Henry  have set up numerous ghost-scarecrows for Halloween in their yard. After returning home from a Halloween party, Emma tries to blow out a jack-o\'-lantern by their fence, but Henry tells her not to because it\'s against tradition to extinguish a jack-o\'-lantern on Halloween; she blows it out anyway, as she hates Halloween and other traditions. While Henry is inside waiting for Emma to take down the decorations, she is murdered by an unknown assailant with a large blade-shaped pumpkin lollipop. Later, Henry goes outside and finds Emma\'s severed head, with the giant lollipop in its mouth, hung up on one of the ghost-scarecrows, her limbs chopped off and hanged.  Steven Wilkins , the town principal, spots Charlie ([[Brett Kelly , a young fat kid, stealing candy from his yard. Smiling, he places him down at his front door and talks to him about candy and stealing, carving out a jack-o-lantern, and he gives him a candy. Charlie eats the candy, which turns out to be poisoned, and throws up large amounts of chocolate and blood before he dies. Wilkins drags him to his house, and then returns it outside. There, Wilkins buries Charlie in his backyard, along with another unknown body, and has a run-in with his neighbor, Mr. Kreeg ([[Brian Cox , and his dog. After finishing the burial, Wilkins sees Kreeg screaming from his window, begging for help; Wilkins disregards this and Kreeg is knocked down by an unknown assailant. Later, Wilkins arrives in his basement, where he helps his son Billy  carve a "jack-o\'-lantern" in their basement, which is revealed to be Charlie\'s severed head. The sequence ends with Billy saying, "But don\'t forget to help me with the eyes."  Five kids, Macy ; Schrader ; Sara ; Chip ; and Rhonda , a savant, journey to the local rock quarry where Macy tells them the local urban legend of "The Halloween School Bus Massacre". Thirty years ago, a school bus containing eight children, all mentally challenged to the point of being chained to their seats was driving on their way home from school. Instead of taking the usual route, the bus driver took the road to the quarry. He stops at the top of a ravine, and checks their chains. However, one kid manages to free his chains and gets to the front seat. While trying to control the bus, he accidentally puts the bus in gear, which causes it to crash into the lake at the bottom of the quarry; the bus driver was the only one who survived, and it is unknown what happened to him. Macy reveals that the children\'s parents paid the bus driver to kill them to end their "burden". As the group investigates the quarry, the group play a School Bus Massacre prank on Rhonda in which they pretend to have been murdered, then dress up in zombie costumes and chase Rhonda until she falls and knocks herself out. Schrader tends to her and tells the others that its time to leave. While cleaning up with Chip and Sara, Macy kicks a jack-o-lantern into the lake. This proves to be a deadly mistake, as the school bus children suddenly rise from the water. Chip and Rhonda hear the screams of the others and Schrader - thinking it\'s another prank - goes to back to find them. After he does, informs him in a panic that the legend is real and they need to leave. As the School Bus children chase them, they manage to grab hold of the chains which Sara is wearing as part of her costume, ultimately she is dragged away and killed. Meanwhile, Rhonda has locked herself in the elevator leading out of the quarry. Despite the others begging her to open it, she takes her revenge for the prank and rides it up herself as the School Bus children corner them. They are heard being dismembered and eaten alive by Rhonda as she steps out of the elevator. She spots Sam watching her, sitting on a cement pipe, and leaves.  Laurie , a self-conscious 22-year-old virgin, is getting dressed in costumes with her older sister Danielle  and their two friends Maria  and Janet . Annoyed by their talk about boys, she stays behind and plans to join them later. The other girls find local men to bring with them to a party in the woods. Later, alone on her way to the party, Laurie is attacked by a vampire dressed in black . Meanwhile, Danielle, Maria, and Janet party at a bonfire with the men they brought, with Danielle worried about Laurie. The vampire\'s body suddenly drops from a tree onto the party and Laurie appears. The "vampire" is revealed to be Principal Wilkins in disguise wearing fake fangs. The girls at the party, along with Laurie, suddenly transform into werewolves, removing their skins, and is revealed that Laurie\'s "virginity" is actually that she has never killed anyone as a werewolf. The girls devour their dates along with Wilkins. Sam is shown sitting on a nearby log, watching them.  Kreeg, a cantankerous, Halloween-hating, curmudgeon lives alone with his dog, Spite, as his only companion. Kreeg shows his disgust for Halloween by scaring away trick-or-treaters. While at his house, Kreeg is attacked by Sam. During the struggle, Kreeg rips off the sack over Sam\'s head to reveal his head to be a cross between a jack-o-lantern and a human skull. Kreeg runs to his window calling for Mr. Wilkins to help him, but is tackled by Sam. Kreeg gains the upper hand when he manages to fire his shotgun at Sam, seemingly killing him, in the process shooting off one of Sam\'s hands. As Kreeg dials 9-1-1, Sam re-attaches his hand and rises. Sam then attacks him again, stabbing at him with a large pumpkin sucker out of which he has taken a bite, rendering it sharp. Kreeg, however, smashes his nearby wine bottle, using it as a weapon. This proves futile, as Sam twists his wrist until it breaks. As he delivers the killing stroke, he finds that the sucker has lodged itself into a piece of chocolate from which Kreeg had earlier taken a bite. Sam, taking the sucker wedged into the chocolate, walks away. Meanwhile, pictures burning slowly in a nearby fireplace show a class photo of the masked children from the "School Bus Massacre" and the bus driver, who is revealed to be Kreeg himself.  Bandaged and bruised from his encounter with Sam, Kreeg answers his door to give candy to trick-or-treaters, thus following Halloween tradition. While on his porch, he spots Sam walk over to Emma and Henry\'s house just after she blows out the jack-o\'-lantern. Rhonda walks across the street in a trance and is almost hit by the laughing, human-form werewolf girls in their vehicle, presumably to drive to another town as they do every Halloween. Young Billy Wilkins is sitting on his porch handing out candy and wearing a "Principal Wilkins" costume. Kreeg then walks back inside when there\'s another knock at the door. He opens the door to find the kids from the School Bus Massacre standing there with their bags outstretched, saying, "Trick r\' Treat". The ending is rendered as comic book pages showing the bus driver\'s fate at the hands of the undead children.'] ['Azad and his fiancée Nazenin are about to get married but their plan falls into disarray as a dispute breaks out with Turkish soldiers on their wedding day resulting in death of a Turkish commando. Azad escapes and goes on a journey across the Kurdish regions of Iran and Iraq which brings him closer to the culture and living conditions of his people.'] ['Peter LaFleur  is the owner of Average Joe\'s, a small and financially unsuccessful gym with a handful of loyal members. When he defaults on the gym\'s mortgage, it is purchased by his rival White Goodman , a fitness guru and owner of the successful Globo-Gym across the street. Unless Peter can raise $50,000 in thirty days to cover his mortgage, White will foreclose on Average Joe\'s and demolish it to build a parking garage. Attorney Kate Veatch  is working on the transaction for White. White repeatedly and unsuccessfully attempts to charm her, and she instead develops a friendship with Peter while reviewing his financial records. Average Joe\'s employees Dwight ([[Chris Williams  and Owen  and members Steve "the Pirate" , Justin , and Gordon  try to raise the money needed to save the gym. Gordon suggests that they enter a dodgeball tournament in Las Vegas with a $50,000 prize. They form a team with Peter and watch a 1950s-era training video narrated by dodgeball legend "Patches" O\'Houlihan . They are soundly defeated by a Girl Scout troop in a local qualifying match, but win by default when the Scouts are disqualified because of steroid use. White has been spying on Average Joe\'s using a hidden camera, and forms his own elite dodgeball team to oppose them. Peter is approached by the aging, wheelchair-bound Patches  who volunteers to coach the Average Joe\'s team. Patches\' training regimen includes throwing wrenches at the team, forcing them to dodge oncoming cars, and constantly berating them with insults. Kate demonstrates skill at the game, but declines an offer to join the team as it would be a conflict of interest owing to her contract with White. In the meantime, to circumvent Kate\'s employer dating employee conflict of interest, White arranges for her to be fired from her law firm so he can pursue her romantically. Infuriated, Kate joins the Average Joe\'s team. At the tournament in Las Vegas, Average Joe\'s suffers early setbacks but manages to advance to the final round against Globo-Gym. The night before the match, Patches is killed by a falling sign. This shakes Peter\'s confidence; he expresses his fear that the team will lose to Globo-Gym and berates Steve for his childish pirate persona, causing Steve to leave the team. White offers Peter $100,000 for the deed to Average Joe\'s, which Peter accepts. The day of the final round Justin leaves to help his classmate Amber  with a cheerleading competition, leaving the Average Joe\'s team without enough members to compete. Peter has a chance encounter with Lance Armstrong, who encourages him to rejoin his team, but by the time he arrives Average Joe\'s has already been forced to forfeit. Gordon finds a loophole in the rules that can overturn the forfeiture by vote of the judges, and Chuck Norris casts the tie-breaking vote to allow the team to play. After a fierce game, Peter and White face off in a sudden death match to determine the winner. Inspired by a vision of Patches, Peter blindfolds himself and is able to dodge White\'s throw and strike him, winning the championship and the prize money. White declares the victory meaningless, since Peter had sold Average Joe\'s to him the previous night, but Peter reveals that he used White\'s $100,000 to bet on Average Joe\'s to win; with the odds against them at 50 to 1, he has won $5 million. He buys a controlling interest in Globo-Gym, which now also includes Average Joe\'s, and fires White. Steve returns to the group after Peter apologizes to him. Kate reveals that she is bisexual and kisses both Peter and her girlfriend. Justin also finds romance with Amber, while Owen begins dating Fran  from the Globo-Gym team. Peter opens youth dodgeball classes at Average Joe\'s, while White becomes obese by drowning his sorrows in junk food.'] ['Groove tells the story of an all night rave. The film is broken up into segments by which DJ is spinning and features the real life DJs DJ Forest Green, WishFM, Polywog, and Digweed. It follows David Turner , who becomes a reluctant raver when his brother Colin  drags him to the rave.'] ['Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her consists of five stories or vignettes, tied together loosely to envision the complexity of incomplete communications about life, family, and love. We glimpse the lives of five women, each facing problems such as loneliness, dissatisfaction, longing, and or desire. Rodrigo Garcia, in his first-time directing, assembled this film with a loaded cast of actresses who can tell you everything you need to know just by their body language and facial expressions. Their individual stories show us what “things you can tell just by looking at her”. In the film\'s prologue, Kathy  --a police detective--and her partner are investigating the apparent suicide of an unknown woman. Dr. Keener , a middle-aged doctor, attempts to care for her aging mother while coping with her own loneliness. She avoids intimacy, but also longs for it; we see both frustration and anticipation as she waits for phone calls from male colleagues. Dr. Keener decides to seek comfort or escape in Christine  who reads tarot cards. Christine’s partner Lilly  is critically ill with an unnamed disease, possibly cancer. Rebecca  is a successful bank manager who\'s "not big on regrets". After a three-year involvement with Robert --who keeps her secret from his wife--she becomes pregnant. Before Rebecca visits Dr. Keener to get an abortion, she has a fling with Walter, , a co-worker. Rose  is a single mother who is writing children’s books, and develops a sweet crush on a new dwarf neighbor , who catches Rose spying on him. Rose later experiences the shock of learning about her son\'s extensive sexual activity. Kathy\'s sister Carol Faber  is a lovely blind woman who has an active social life. Kathy is attracted to the medical examiner in the suicide case, and her story ends with him taking her out on a date. In an epilogue, Dr. Keener drops in to a bar, where she meets the male character, Walter, from previous stories . Carmen has a non-speaking role, a woman who appears in four scenes in four different stories, once walking beside Rebecca , and once in the grocery store while Rose  is shopping, and once under Christine\'s balcony , and the fourth a postmortem examination by detective Kathy  alongside Kathy\'s BF, Dr Sam . Presumably, Carmen is also Robert\'s  wife who was visited by him in San Francisco, as understood from Carol\'s  imaginative story towards the end of the film. Carol has a good detective and storytelling imagination that could qualify her to be a good writer, according to her sister, Kathy. Another conclusion involves that Robert  has taken a detective job from Carol , according to one of Carol\'s lines. This is a very loose conclusion based on the film\'s whole plot and hyperlink cinema.'] ["Set on the Kidabanesee reserve in Northern Ontario. Silas Crow  is a young man confused about his direction in life; he wants to take an automobile mechanic's course in college, but is uncertain whether he should apply. His general confusion with life is most readily evident in his appearance. He wears an old, ratty black hat resembling a fedora, a strange assortment of cargo pants, as well as a long, black trench coat. Frank Steelpost  is Crow's best friend, and Katie Maracle  is his girlfriend. Events are set in motion when a young girl from the reserve is murdered by Clarence Gaskill , a white man who gets off with a light sentence, prompting the community to demand vengeance.."] ['The film begins with a voiceover from David  commenting that whenever he gets gloomy with the state of the world he thinks about the arrivals terminal at Heathrow Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and families welcome their arriving loved ones. David\'s voiceover also relates that all the messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were messages of love and not hate. The film then tells the \'love stories\' of many people:  With the help of his longtime manager Joe , aging rock and roll legend Billy Mack  records a Christmas variation of The Troggs\' classic hit "Love Is All Around". Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas number one single. The song does go to number one; after briefly celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John, Billy recognises that Joe is the "love" of his life  and suggests that he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching porn.  Juliet  and Peter  are wed in a lovely ceremony orchestrated and videotaped by Mark , Peter\'s best friend and best man. One day Juliet arrives unexpectedly at Mark\'s apartment and watches his video, discovering that the footage is entirely of her. This confuses Juliet, who thought Mark didn\'t like her: He never talked to her, avoided her, and was generally distant and uncomfortable around her. He blurts out that he acts that way for \'self-preservation\', and she finally realises that he\'s always been head over heels for her, but has kept it to himself out of respect for her and Peter\'s relationship. At Christmas Mark takes a moment to truly confess his unrequited love for Juliet , which Juliet acknowledges by giving him a kiss.  Writer Jamie  first appears preparing to attend Juliet and Peter\'s wedding. His girlfriend  misses the ceremony to sleep with his brother. Crushed by this, Jamie retires to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese housekeeper Aurélia , who speaks only her native tongue. There is an instant attraction between the two. When Jamie returns to England he realises he is in love with Aurélia. In the following times, Jamie learns Portuguese and goes back to propose to her. When he does propose to her she says yes, and it is revealed that she has been learning English to communicate with Jamie.  Harry  is the managing director of a design agency; Mia  is his new secretary. For Christmas he buys her an expensive necklace from jewelery salesman Rufus , who elaborately wraps while Harry becomes increasingly nervous with the fear of detection. Meanwhile, Harry\'s wife Karen  is busy dealing with their children, Daisy  and Bernard , who are appearing in the school Nativity play. She voices her fears about Harry to her brother David , who just became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and her friend Daniel , who has just lost his wife. Karen discovers the necklace in Harry\'s coat pocket and initially assumes it is a gift for her; she later confronts Harry over the necklace and he admits his foolishness.  Karen\'s brother, David , is the recently elected Prime Minister. Natalie  is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing Street and serves his tea and biscuits. Something seems to click between them. David walks in to find the U.S. President  attempting to seduce Natalie, which inspires him to take a stand against the bullying President\'s policies. Finding that his relationship with Natalie has become strained, David has her moved to another job, but later comes across a Christmas card from Natalie ending with a declaration of her love for him. He eventually finds Natalie at her family\'s home, seeing that they are on the way to the local school for the nativity play . He drives her family to the play, and the two watch the show from backstage, their budding relationship exposed when a curtain is raised on them kissing at the end of the pageant\'s big finale.  Daniel , Karen\'s friend, and his stepson Sam  fend for themselves as they mourn the loss of their wife and mother, Joanna. Sam has fallen for American classmate, also named Joanna , and, after discussion with his stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany her in the big finale for their school\'s Christmas pageant . After Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her, Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how he feels, lest he regret it for his whole life. Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna, who then kisses him on the cheek. Meanwhile, Daniel, who admires supermodel Claudia Schiffer meets Carol  the parent of another of Sam\'s school mates.  Sarah  first appears at Juliet and Peter\'s wedding, sitting next to her friend Jamie. We learn she works at Harry\'s graphic design company, where she has been in love for years with the company\'s creative director, Karl . A tryst between Karl and her is interrupted by a phone call from Sarah\'s mentally ill brother, Michael ([[Michael Fitzgerald , and this effectively ends their relationship. On Christmas Eve, she visits her brother at the institution where he lives, wrapping a scarf around him as he hugs her.  After several blunders attempting to woo various English women, including Nancy , the caterer at Juliet and Peter\'s wedding, as well as Mia, Colin Frissell  informs his friend Tony  he plans to go to the US and find love there, convinced that his Britishness will be an asset to him in a foreign country. Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin meets Stacey , Jeannie , and Carol-Anne , three stunningly attractive women who fall for his Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they are joined by roommate Harriet .  John  and Judy , meet as body doubles for the sex scenes in a film where Tony is a production assistant. John tells Judy that "it is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to." While the two are perfectly comfortable being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative off-set; they carefully pursue a relationship, and see the play  at the local school together with John\'s brother.  Rufus is a minor, but significant, character played by Rowan Atkinson, the jewellery salesman whose obsessive attention to gift-wrapping nearly gets Harry caught by Karen buying Mia\'s necklace. Also, it is his distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak through to see Joanna. In the director and cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally supposed to be a Christmas Angel, however it was dropped from the final script.  In the epilogue set one month later, the film\'s characters are seen to be in relationships. However, two of the relationships are not romantic - those of rock star Billy Mack and his manager Joe and of long-suffering Sarah and her institutionalised brother Michael. Billy arrives with a gorgeous groupie in tow to be greeted by Joe and indicating that his comeback has remained successful. Juliet, Peter, and Mark come to meet Jamie and his new bride Aurelia, showing both that they have married and that Mark is learning to cope better with the romantic triangle. Karen and the kids greet a returning Harry confirming that they have survived their relationship crisis and reconciled. Sam greets Joanna who has returned with her mother from the US as Daniel looks on, joined by his new girlfriend Carol and her son. John and Judy run into Tony, who is there to meet Colin on his return from the US; they are shown to be just married and off to their honeymoon. Colin returns with the gorgeous Harriet in tow, and Harriet\'s younger sister Carla  and Tony are immediately struck by each other. Natalie is seen welcoming David back in front of press cameras, indicating that their relationship is now public. These scenes dissolve into live-footage of actual arrivals at Heathrow Airport, which divide the screen and eventually form a heart as The Beach Boys\' "God Only Knows" plays on.'] ['In 1977, Eddie Adams is a high school dropout who lives with his father and alcoholic mother in Torrance, California. He works at a Los Angeles nightclub owned by Maurice Rodriguez, where he is discovered by porn director Jack Horner, who auditions him by watching him having sex with Rollergirl, a porn starlet who always wears skates. After a heated argument with his mother about his girlfriend and his sexual life, Adams runs away from home and moves in with Horner at his San Fernando Valley home. After agreeing to enter the world of pornography, he gives himself the screen name "Dirk Diggler", and becomes a star because of his good looks, youthful charisma, and extraordinarily large penis. His success allows him to buy a new house, an extensive wardrobe, and a "competition orange" Chevrolet Corvette. Dirk and his best friend/fellow star Reed Rothchild are featured in a series of successful action-themed porn films. Assistant director Little Bill is married to a porn star who frequently embarrasses him by having sex with other men in public. At a New Year\'s Eve party at Jack\'s house marking the year 1980, he shoots both her and her lover, then turns the gun on himself. Jack\'s porn empire struggles after his main source of funding, the Colonel, is imprisoned for possession of child pornography. His new financier, Floyd Gondolli, insists on cutting costs by shooting on videotape, a format that Jack detests. He is also unhappy with the lack of scripts and character development in the projects Gondolli expects him to churn out as quickly as possible. One of these projects involves him and Rollergirl, riding in a limousine searching for random men for her to have sex with while a crew tapes it. When a man recognizes Rollergirl as a former high school classmate, he insults both her and Jack. They beat him and leave him bleeding and half-conscious on the street. Leading lady Amber Waves, who took Eddie under her wing when he joined Jack\'s stable of actors, finds herself in a custody battle with her former husband. The court determines she is an unfit mother due to her involvement in the porn industry, prior criminal record, and cocaine addiction. Buck Swope marries fellow porn star Jessie St. Vincent, who shortly thereafter becomes pregnant. Because of his past, Buck is denied a bank loan to open a stereo equipment store. He stops at a donut shop and finds himself in the middle of a hold up, in which the clerk, the thief and an armed customer are killed in the crossfire. Buck escapes with the money and uses it to finance his store. Dirk becomes addicted to cocaine and methamphetamine, and as a result, he finds it increasingly difficult to achieve an erection, and falls into violent mood swings. After he has a falling out with Jack during a film shoot, he and Reed decide to pursue their dream of rock and roll stardom, a move supported by Scotty, a gay boom operator who is in love with Dirk. However, they squander their money, leaving them unable to pay the recording studio for the demo tapes. Desperate for money, Dirk resorts to prostitution, but he is assaulted and robbed by a gang of thugs. Dirk, Reed, and their friend Todd attempt to scam drug dealer Rahad Jackson by selling him a half-kilo of baking soda disguised as cocaine. The sale seems to have been executed smoothly, but Todd unexpectedly tries to rob Rahad, and is killed in the ensuing gunfight. Frightened by his brush with death, Dirk tearfully reconciles with Jack. By 1984, Amber, Rollergirl, and Dirk, now living in Jack\'s house, prepare to shoot a film.'] ["The emotions of an extended upper-class family in Manhattan are followed in song from NY to Paris and Venice. Various friends/lovers/acquaintances/relatives act, interact, and sing, in New York, Venice and Paris. Young lovers Holden and Skylar in Manhattan; Skylar's parents, Bob and Steffi; Joe, an ex-husband of Steffi; DJ, a daughter from the marriage of Joe and Steffi; Von, a lady whom Joe meets in Venice; a recently-released prison inmate, Charles Ferry, who is inserted between Skyler and Holden, resulting in their breakup."] ['When a small Mississippi town\'s wealthy dowager Jewel-Mae "Cookie" Orcutt  tires of her widowed life, she decides to take one of her late-husband Buck\'s pistols from the gun cabinet and kill herself. She is discovered by her pretentious playwright niece, Camille , and Camille\'s eccentrically odd and adorably shy younger sister, Cora , who plot to set the suicide up as a murder to preserve the family\'s reputation and ensconce themselves in the family mansion. The family of eccentrics is rounded out by Cora\'s wayward outlaw of a daughter, Emma . Emma has a love interest and inept jailer, Jason . The key suspect is Willis , Cookie\'s handyman, who happens to have cleaned the guns the night before Cookie\'s death. What follows is a tale of how a shocking incident casts a ripple among a group of small-town oddballs.'] ["A pastiche of characters board a German ocean liner in Veracruz, Mexico, for a voyage to Bremerhaven, Germany, along with 600 displaced workers in steerage, being deported from Cuba back to Spain, and a not-so-exotic band of entertainers, for whom the voyage is just a job. Some are happy to be bound for a rising Nazi Germany, some are apprehensive, while others appear oblivious to its potential dangers. The ship's doctor, Schumann, takes a special interest in La Condesa, a countess from Spain who has an addiction to drugs and is being shipped to a German-run prison. Her sense of certain doom is contrasted by the doctor's determination to fight the forces of oppression, embodied by his insistence that the people in steerage be treated like human beings rather than animals. The doctor himself has a secret, a terminal heart condition, and his sympathy for the countess soon evolves into love. Several passengers are invited to dine each night at the captain's table. There, some are amused and others offended by the Anti-Semitic rants of a German businessman named Rieber . The Jewish Lowenthal is invited instead to join a dwarf named Glocken for his meals, and the two bond over their exclusion. Eventually a passenger named Freytag seems shocked to find himself ostracized when Rieber learns that his wife is Jewish. Others aboard include a young American couple, David and Jenny, who bicker because David is unhappy at his lack of success with painting. A divorcée, Mary Treadwell, drinks and flirts, on a quest to recapture her youth in Paris. Bill Tenny is a former baseball player disappointed in the way his career never quite took off. They are distracted by the music and the professional dancers, whose flirtations seem to skirt the edges of solicitation, or dive right in to the seedy side of oblivion. And when the passengers disembark, two are no longer with them -- the countess, who has been taken to an island prison, and the doctor, who has died."] ['Beauty salon owner Nora has willed her business to her two estranged nieces and both are at odds as to what do with their inheritance.'] ['Financial wizard "Doc" Fletcher  persuades his boss, American mobster Joe Fiore , to buy up a Swiss bank in order to more easily launder their ill-gotten gains. The impoverished Italian Prince Gianfranco di Siracusa  agrees to act as chairman of the board in order to give it an air of respectability. "Doc" goes to Lugano, a major center of banking activity, along with the Don\'s wayward son Albert , only to find that the best bank that the Prince could get consists of some shabby offices above a pizza restaurant with assets of $900. To make up for this, the Prince suggests that they invest in a silver mine recently discovered in Iran by his distant cousins, Agha Firdausi ([[David Warner  and his sister Shireen . The mine contains hundreds of millions of dollars worth of untapped silver. The Firdausis wish to keep it a secret due to the heavy taxes and the threat of the mine being nationalised by the government. Through a little wheeler-dealing, "Doc" manages to obtain $5 million in Iranian rials from Agha &mdash; as security for a loan of $20 million &mdash; and uses the money to obtain better banking premises and put on a major show that attracts powerful investors. Before long the Firdausi silver is flooding the market which leads to a drop in its value at the London Metal Exchange. Charlie Cook ([[Charles Gray , a leading figure in the silver business and one of the richest men in the world, decides that the best way to stop the downward plunge is to take over the bank responsible and thus close down the mine. He contacts Henry Foreman , president of the First National Bank of California, who is keen on branching into Europe. Foreman sends one of his accountants, Donald Luckman , to Lugano where he meets "Doc" and his associates. His questions and evasive attitude makes them suspicious and to find out more "Doc" approaches and seduces Donald\'s fun-loving but bored and neglected wife Debbie . In the course of their affair, Debbie casually reveals in conversation all about Cook\'s interest in the mine and the bank. Donald, unaware of what is going on, returns and offers up to $60 million for the bank . "Doc" will have none of it since it means losing everything he has ever worked for, but Albert and Joe Fiore, who actually owns the bank, jump at the opportunity. "Doc" goes to Las Vegas and, through a subtle threat, manages to get Joe to give him time to made a bid of his own. "Doc" and the Prince join the Firdausis at their warehouse in Dubai which is full to the brim with silver bars from the mine. When they tell him that they cannot lend him $60 million to buy the bank, "Doc" threatens to call in the earlier loan of $20 million and seize the mine. It\'s at this point that Agha and Shireen drop a bombshell on their two friends: there is no silver mine! The Firdausis are in fact smugglers who have obtained all their silver from India. The silver mine was just a cover, a means of obtaining the money needed for their operation. "Doc" faces a terrible dilemma: if he tells Charlie Cook that the mine does not exist the deal will collapse and "Doc" will be killed  by Joe Fiore; but if he does not tell Cook, the deal will go through and "Doc" will lose the bank. The deal does go through with Foreman and Donald Luckman sealing it with "Doc" and Albert Fiore. In his report on the purchase of the bank Donald has left out all mention of the silver mine, as per the instructions of Foreman and Cook, who was keen to keep it secret, and put the bank\'s main assets down as "oil storage tanks". Foreman then goes to Cook and demands an exorbitant amount for the silver mine only to be told that it does not exist and that he will thus not be refunded the $60 million used to buy the bank. Foreman can recoup $50 million in insurance since the purchase report mentions non-existent "oil storage tanks", thus making a case for fraud. "Doc" offers to give Foreman an additional $10 million which he will get from Cook who, in return, will obtain exclusive purchasing rights to the Firdausi silver. In exchange, Foreman gives "Doc" the bank &mdash; which was really only worth $10 million in the first place. Donald then reveals that for the insurance claim to be valid there will have to be a criminal prosecution and a scapegoat will be needed in order to go to prison. The others agree, deciding that it should be the one who falsified the report &mdash; meaning Donald himself! Some time later, back in Lugano, the Prince marries Shireen Firdausi, even though he was one of those whom she conned into believing in the existence of the mine. Agha does not attend the wedding and Shireen admits that he was in fact an actor she hired since she doubted if a bank would loan $20 million to a woman. "Doc" for his part comes across Debbie who has been attending Donald\'s trial for fraud. She has promised to get a place near the jail in order to be close to him and indicates, with a smile, that "Doc"\'s house is conveniently near the prison itself.'] ['Each of them has very little of a life, apart from their tedious jobs and meeting each other in the café. Sean hasn\'t met his girlfriend for three weeks and is beginning to wonder if she still lives in his apartment. Vincent is a womanizer who makes a rule of never seeing a girl more than three times. Lenny thinks of every woman he sees as a porn actress but can\'t even pluck up the courage to talk to a workmate that he wants to ask out for a date. Jody can\'t force herself to tell the other three that she was fired from her job, but still shows up after her "shift" every night to talk. Jody tries to convince Sean to go home early to see Madeline, but despite making it as far as the train station, Sean doesn\'t go home. Meanwhile Sean strikes up an unusual friendship with the girlfriend of a coma patient; she confides in him that at the time of the accident she was about to end their relationship. As Lenny confides in Vincent what he describes as \'porno reactions\' Vincent spots an attractive young woman in the café, he talks to her and they return to her flat, while she is in the shower Lenny discovers she is Madeline, Sean\'s girlfriend. Meanwhile Sean and Lenny are in Lenny\'s car, they stop at a garage, Sean reveals his regret of letting what he describes as \'the fear\' holding him back as a teenager and then as an adult. Madeline wakes up and realises what she did the night before and is full of regret. Sean and the coma victim\'s girlfriend have an encounter at the hospital. Sean confesses to Jody what has happened, the same night Vincent\'s colleague Joe has a heart attack after seeing the clock turn backwards, this proves to be fatal. Vincent goes to the hospital in the ambulance where Joe is taken, he crosses paths with Sean and in a moment of humanity he confesses to have slept with Madeline, Sean at first things this is Vincent\'s idea of a joke, then realises it isn\'t, this causes him to kick Vincent to the floor. He then returns to the flat he shares with Madeline to discover she has moved out. The telephone rings, the caller never speaks and then hangs up, Sean traces the call to find out where the call came from, and discovers its a small town where Madeline\'s friend has an aunt. Sean tells the group he is going, Lenny and Jody insist on going. On the journey Jody insists on turning the radio on in the car despite Lenny\'s protests, the radio proves to be a metaphor for the characters lives as the soundtrack is to none of their tastes, cannot be switched off or changed. Lenny spots Vincent at the side of the road, Sean crushes Vincent\'s favourite possession, a watch that belonged to Errol Flynn. Unable to find Madeline the group gather in a cafe and Jody confesses that she lost her job. Vincent and Lenny leave to play crazy golf, Madeline and Gail appear and discover that Lenny and Vincent know each other, much to their confusion. Jody makes a reference to the lion, tin man and scarecrow reference. Sean leaves the cafe and Jody makes plans for when she returns to the city, Madeline appears in the cafe crying, Jody works out that the crying girl she has never seen before is Madeline, the next scene Jody appears in she is alone in the café, when Sean appears she tells him Madeline is waiting for him at the pier. Jody goes into the café toilets and asks the crying girl if she is Madeline, meanwhile Lenny, Madeline, Vincent and Gail play crazy golf. Sean walks to the pier but there is no sign of Madeline, but she soon appears having been told by Jody that Sean being there is a sign of how much he cares. Madeline and Sean confess to each other what they did, Madeline tells the reasons that she slept with Vincent and that she thinks their relationship has been ruined. On the way back the group stops at a motorway service station, Lenny shows Gail a sleight of hand trick, and later confesses to the group he has asked her out and been turned down, but this is still seen as progress. Madeline insists that Sean has photobooth pictures taken with her; they disagree over who should keep the flat, the final picture in the photobooth is of them kissing. The final scene takes place in a tunnel, the radio is on in the car and playing \'These Dreams\' by Heart, Gail reaches for the stereo and changes it to a station playing Sunday Shining, a noticeably more upbeat song, the radio acts as a metaphor for the mood of the group once again, this time much more optimistic than before.'] ["The film is about the coming of age of two sisters and their friend through the romantic lives of the three main characters: Kat Araujo , Daisy Araujo , and Jojo Barbosa , who are waitresses at Mystic Pizza in Mystic, Connecticut. In the film, Mystic is represented as a fishing town with a large Portuguese American population. The film also touches on an Old World work ethic. Kat and Daisy are sisters and rivals: Kat studies astronomy, works at a local planetarium, as well as the restaurant, and has been accepted to attend Yale University on a partial scholarship. Daisy just wants to find love through lust while trying to get out of Mystic. Kat is the apple of her Portuguese mother's eye, while Daisy is not: she is promiscuous and is not as goal-oriented as her younger sister. There is also a dynamic between Kat's Anglo-American employer, a father who has hired her to look after his young daughter while his wife is away, and the resulting relationship between them. The class distinctions and variant European heritages are explored in various scenes of the film."] ['Set in the present with extensive flash-backs to the past, this film revolves around three generations of domineering father Charles  family, his wife Lisa , their two children: son Michael  and daughter Ryne , as well as Lisa\'s  sister Jane , and her son Christopher  and daughter Leslie  as well as Michael\'s ex-wife Kelly Hanson . Charles and Michael had, and still have, a strained relationship, with both pushing the other. In a flash-back to a boyhood car journey, the younger Michael claims to have lost his glasses, while knowing he simply has them in his pocket. Without knowing this deceit, Charles makes Michael walk home in the rain as a punishment. This tit-for-tat of rules, and rule-breaking continues with Charles imposing on all around him, including Jane, who is staying with them. She, too, hates Charles\' domineering nature. The two form a kind of pact against Charles. When Michael embarrasses Charles in front of his colleagues by falsely claiming to have written a poem, Fireflies in the Garden by Robert Frost, he is punished by having to hold his weighted arms horizontal, aching so much that at the end, he cannot even take food to his mouth. Jane feeds him. As they grow older the conflicts escalate, with a growing Michael eventually intervening in a quarrel between his parents, attacking Charles and forcing him to the ground. A critical dramatic event in the film occurs with a tragic car accident as Charles and Lisa drive to a family reunion at Jane\'s house in honour of Lisa\'s college graduation. Driving hurriedly, Charles swerves to avoid colliding with Christopher, who crosses the road carelessly, and their car hits a tree, leaving Lisa dead, Charles injured, and both Charles and Christopher feeling guilty. Michael takes Jane\'s children Christopher and Leslie "fishing", attempting to cheer them up by exploding the fish with firecrackers, as he had done with Jane growing up. Concerned what Charles and Jane will think, he encourages the children to lie to their mother about the trip. As predicted, Charles and Jane consider his behavior inappropriate. Michael\'s having noisy sex with ex-wife Kelly, who arrives for the funeral, does not help matters. The events of the accident and consequent guilt and anxiety see an upset Christopher running away, only to be found by Michael who assures him that he is not to blame for Lisa\'s death. Christopher insists on walking home alone after their talk, and Michael gives him his cell phone in case he changes his mind. Immediately discarding the phone, Christopher remains missing for several hours, Jane again blaming Michael for leaving Christopher . More revelations and recriminations ensue, as Michael discovers that his late mother was having an affair with her young professor Addison , and had planned to leave Charles following her graduation. Jane also discovers, whilst she and Kelly drive around looking for Christopher, that Kelly is pregnant and that Michael doesn\'t know. Michael and Kelly reconcile and they announce their news to the family before they leave. Whilst discussing baby names with Ryne and Kelly, Michael mentions that he likes the name Max for a boy, a name previously suggested by Lisa for Ryne, had she been a boy. The title of the film derives from the name of Michael\'s book about his childhood - taken from a scene in their lives, where Michael, Christopher and Leslie are having fun in the garden exploding fireflies with badminton rackets, in the dark. The revelations of the book concerned Charles and Jane, and in a sense the film see the history of the book told, and then re-written. This is brought home in a scene where the surviving family is watching an old home movie and, perhaps surprised by the happiness it captures, Charles and Michael begin to reconcile. Michael destroys the manuscript.'] ['A group of parents of fourth-grade students addresses how the school should deal with sex education. But sexuality is still an unresolved issue for many of the parents themselves. Sexo con Amor is the story of how three of these couples are ambushed by their own erotic passions. They each profess undying love to their partners while hopping enthusiastically on a merry-go-round of physical relations with one another, leading to sometimes tragic and sometimes hilarious effects.'] ["Iris  is a very mousy and quiet young professional who doesn't want to rock the boat at the office where she temps. Margaret  is the polar opposite to Iris and a catalyst to help her change and speak up for herself. Paula  eagerly awaits post-work Happy Hours and the chance to hook up with the company's executives. And Jane  is engaged to marry a jerk who is already cheating on her. Margaret hopes to become a permanent employee as an assistant to Mr. Lasky  but her dreams are thwarted when he suddenly dies. A series of thefts start to occur in the office and suspicion falls on the temps, particularly Margaret. When Iris finds a plastic monkey that she thought was stolen inside Margaret's desk, she loses faith in her and believes she has been doing the stealing. Margaret suggest a one-day strike from work and her friends halfheartedly agree to join her, but on the appointed day, Margaret is ultimately the only one who does not come to work. As a result, the company's officious HR head  fires Margaret, and management begins to micromanage the remaining three employees. Iris and the other women's friendships come to an end, as result of the stress, and eventually they all go their separate ways. Paula reveals that she only heard about Jane's wedding via a newspaper article and Paula goes to temp in another department. It is later revealed that another employee, a shy, quiet young woman from a rich household who became a permanent employee on her first day, was the culprit and that Margaret simply had an identical toy in her desk. Iris confronts the young woman when her diary  goes missing, and later receives a new diary and note of apology. Iris later is not hired for a job she really wanted, but ironically this helps motivate her to quit the temp field and move on. But before she leaves the company, she is able to do Margaret a favor: one of the senior executives agrees to sign a letter of recommendation for Iris, but she tells him her name is Margaret and, since he had not bothered to learn any of the temps' names, he does not know the difference. Iris then mails the letter to Margaret and bids the temporary worker goodbye."] ['A gang of marauding bandits approaches a mountain farming village, but their chief recognizes they have ransacked this village before, and decides it is best to spare it until the harvest in several months. A villager overhears this. The farmers go to their elder, who declares that they should hire samurai to help defend the village. Since they have nothing to offer but food, the elder tells them to "find hungry samurai." Several men go to the city, but are turned away by every samurai they ask. They watch as an experienced samurai, Kambei, deftly rescues a young boy taken hostage by a thief. Impressed, a young samurai named Katsushirō asks to become his disciple. Kambei insists that he walk with him as a friend. The farmers are overjoyed when Kambei agrees to help them. With Katsushirō\'s assistance, he recruits four more masterless samurai: Gorobei Katayama, clever and good natured; Heihachi, a good-humored samurai with mediocre swordsmanship; Shichirōji, an old friend of Kambei\'s; and Kyūzō, a taciturn master swordsman. Although Kambei had judged that seven samurai would be necessary, time is running short. The villagers beg him to take Katsushirō and, after some prodding, he agrees. The clownish Kikuchiyo, whom Kambei had rejected, follows them, ignoring their attempts to drive him away. When the samurai arrive, the villagers cower in their homes. The samurai feel insulted by their cold reception. Suddenly, the alarm is raised; the villagers, fearing that the bandits have returned, beg the new arrivals to protect them. Kikuchiyo, who raised the false alarm, rebukes the villagers for their poor behavior. The samurai accept him, bringing their number to seven. The villagers offer white rice to the samurai, the best they have, while they eat millet. As they prepare, the two groups slowly come to trust each other. However, when the samurai discover that the villagers have murdered and robbed fleeing samurai in the past, they become angry. Kikuchiyo castigates his comrades for ignoring the hardships that the farmers have to overcome to survive, including harassment from the warrior class. This reveals his origins as a farmer\'s son to Kambei. The anger the samurai felt turns to shame. They construct fortifications and train the farmers for battle. Katsushirō, the youngest samurai, begins a relationship with Shino, who had been forced to masquerade as a boy by her father to protect her from the supposedly lustful samurai. As the time for the raid approaches, two bandit scouts are killed, while another is captured and forced to reveal the location of their camp. Three of the samurai, guided by Rikichi, strike preemptively. Many bandits are killed, but Heihachi is slain by gunfire. When a woman emerges from the bandits\' burning house, she sees Rikichi and runs back inside to perish in the flames. Rikichi reveals that this was his wife, who had been kidnapped and defiled. When the bandits attack, they are confounded by the new fortifications. Several are killed attempting to scale the barricades or cross the moats. However, they possess three dangerous muskets. Kyūzō sets out on his own and returns with a musket. A jealous Kikuchiyo later abandons his post to get another musket, leaving his contingent of farmers leaderless. Although he succeeds, the bandits attack his post, overwhelming and killing some of the farmers. Kambei is forced to send reinforcements, leaving the main post undermanned when the bandit chief leads a charge against this position. Although they are repelled, Gorobei is shot and killed. Yohei is also slain. Kambei\'s stratagem is to allow one bandit to enter through a gap in the fortifications, block the rest with a "wall" of spears, and kill the lone enemy. This succeeds several times. On the second night, Kambei instructs them to prepare for a final, decisive battle. When morning breaks, Kambei orders his forces to allow the remaining bandits in. Most of the attackers are killed, but their leader takes refuge in a hut unseen. In what is portrayed as a dishonorable act, he shoots Kyūzō from the hut, killing him. A despondent Katsushirō seeks to avenge his hero, but an enraged Kikuchiyo charges ahead of him, only to be shot himself. Kikuchiyo kills the bandit chief before dying. Kambei and Shichirōji sadly observe "we\'ve survived once again". Afterward, the three surviving samurai watch the villagers happily planting the next crop. They reflect on the relationship between the warrior and farming classes: though they have won the battle, they have lost their friends with little to show for it. "Again we are defeated," Kambei muses. "The winners are those farmers. Not us."'] ['Real rock stars play the roles of Clive , Jonesey (former Spandau Ballet bassist [[Martin Kemp , and Nick , who form an aging supergroup built of refugees from other bands. They and their producer Burt seek backing from Jane , a rich investor who will only help if the singer will sleep with her. Liz  is a neurotic film production designer who has just hired a conniving young housekeeper and would-be singer named Gwen . Liz searches hopelessly for a decent man while Gwen commits acts of shameless cruelty in the service of her ambition. Best friend to Liz is Clive\'s wife Eva , an older actress who is struggling to get good roles. Clive and Eva\'s life is thrown into upheaval when a cult member shows up on their doorstep to drop off a surly 12-year old "love child" that she claims Clive fathered. A subplot involves guitarist Carl (singer John Doe of [[X , who is hired to travel away from his pregnant wife  by a singer with ulterior motives , just as his junkie brother emerges from rehab and comes to stay with the family.'] ['The film opens with a brief, comic segment on the history of flight, narrated by James Robertson Justice and featuring American comedian Red Skelton depicting a recurring character whose adventures span the centuries, in a series of silent blackout vignettes that incorporate stock footage of unsuccessful attempts at early aircraft.This early history sequence is followed by a whimsical animated opening credit sequence drawn by caricaturist Ronald Searle, accompanied by the title song. The American lead, Stuart Whitman was selected over Dick Van Dyke, whose agents never contacted him about the offer, but most of the cast were British.<ref nameN Patricia  is the daughter of Lord Rawnsley , a newspaper magnate. Richard Mays , is an Army officer who flies an Antoinette monoplane and seeks to win Patricia\'s hand. Mays conceives the idea of an air race from London to Paris to advance the cause of aviation , and persuades Lord Rawnsley to sponsor the race. An international cast plays the array of contestants, most of whom live up to national stereotypes, including the by-the-book, monocle-wearing Prussian officer  flying an Eardley-Billing biplane, impetuous Count Emilio Ponticelli , an amorous Frenchman Pierre Dubois  in a Santos-Dumont Demoiselle, the rugged American cowboy Orvil Newton  flying a Bristol Boxkite , who falls for Patricia, causing a love triangle between them and Mays. Yujiro Ishihara is the late-arriving Japanese Naval officer Yamamoto, whose perfect Etonian accent makes him more British than the British. Rawnsley sums up: "The trouble with these international affairs is they attract a lot of foreigners."Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines VHS 1969 Sir Percy Ware-Armitage  is the unscrupulous rogue flying an Avro Triplane who "never leaves anything to chance". With his bullied servant Courtney , he sabotages other aircraft or drugs their pilots, and cheats by shipping his aeroplane across the channel by boat. The race sets out with 14 competitors but one by one they drop out or  crash, until only a few land in Paris. Orvil Newton loses his chance to win when he pauses to rescue Emilio Ponticelli from his burning aircraft. Richard Mays wins for Britain, but insists on a tie with Orvill Newton and sharing the prize with the now-bankrupt Newton. Orvil and Patricia finally are seen kissing, then being interrupted by a strange noise. Those at the flying field look up to see a flypast by six English Electric Lightnings overhead. The story resumes in a fogbound London airport as a cancellation of flights to Paris is announced. The narrator noted earlier that a jet can make the trip in minutes, with one frustrated passenger who turns out to be Skelton, starting wing-flapping motions with his arms, cutting back into the animation from the title sequence for the closing credits.'] ['On the morning of June 6, 1944, the beginning of the Normandy invasion, American soldiers prepare to land on Omaha Beach. They struggle against dug-in German infantry, machine gun nests, and artillery fire, which cut down many of the men. Captain John H. Miller, the company commander of Charlie Company, 2nd Ranger Battalion, survives the initial landing and assembles a group of soldiers to penetrate the German defenses, leading to a breakout from the beach. In the United States Department of War in Washington, D.C., General George Marshall is informed that three of four brothers in the Ryan family have all died within days of each other and that their mother will receive all three telegrams on the same day. He learns that the fourth son, Private First Class James Francis Ryan of Baker Company, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division is missing in action somewhere in Normandy. After reading to his staff Abraham Lincoln\'s letter to Mrs. Bixby, Marshall orders that Ryan be found and sent home immediately. In France, three days after D-Day, Miller receives orders to find Ryan. He assembles six men from his company , plus one detailed from the 29th Infantry Division , a clerk who speaks fluent French and German, to accomplish the task. With no information about Ryan\'s whereabouts, Miller and his men move out to Neuville. On the outskirts of Neuville they meet a platoon from the 101st. After entering the town under heavy rain, Caparzo is wounded by a sniper in the chest, and slowly bleeds to death, since nobody can go out into the open without getting hit. Jackson is able to kill the sniper after Caparzo dies. They locate a Private James Frederick Ryan from Minnesota, but soon realize that he\'s not their man. They find a member of Charlie Company, 506th, who informs them that his drop zone was at Vierville and that Baker and Charlie companies had the same rally point. Once they reach it, Miller locates a friend of Ryan\'s, who reveals that Ryan is defending a strategically important bridge over the Merderet River in the town of Ramelle. On the way to Ramelle, Miller decides to take the opportunity to neutralize a small German machine gun position close to an abandoned radar station, despite the misgivings of his men. Wade, their medic, is fatally wounded in the ensuing skirmish. The last surviving German, known only as "Steamboat Willie", incurs the wrath of all the squad members except Upham, who protests to Miller about letting the squad shoot the German soldier. The German pleads for his life and Miller decides to let him walk away, blindfolded, and surrender himself to the next Allied patrol. Viewing Miller\'s decision as letting the enemy go free, and no longer confident in Miller\'s leadership, Reiben declares his intention to desert the squad and the mission, prompting a confrontation with Horvath. The argument heats up, until Miller defuses the situation by revealing his pre-war occupation as an English teacher, a question upon which the squad had set up a betting pool. Reiben then reluctantly decides to stay. The squad finally arrives on the outskirts of Ramelle, where they come upon three paratroopers ambushing a German half-track. Among the paratroopers is Ryan. After entering Ramelle, Ryan is told of his brothers\' deaths, and their mission to bring him home, and that two lives had been lost in the quest to find him. He is distressed at the loss of his brothers, but does not feel it is fair to go home, asking Miller to tell his mother "when you found me I was here, I was with the only brothers I have left," looking at the small band whose duty it was to defend a bridge and destroy an approaching German mechanized unit. Miller decides to take command and defend the bridge with what little manpower and resources are available. The Germans arrive in force with more than 50 men supported by armor. In spite of inflicting heavy German casualties and destroying two tanks with sticky bombs , most of the Americans—including Jackson, Mellish, and Horvath—are killed. While attempting to blow the bridge, Miller is shot and mortally wounded. Just before a Tiger reaches the bridge, an American P-51 Mustang flies over and destroys it, followed by more Mustangs and advancing American infantry and M4 Sherman tanks who rout the remaining Germans. Upham, who was cut off from the Americans and hid in a ditch next to the advancing Germans, comes out of hiding as the Germans flee and orders them to drop their weapons. The Germans comply but Upham summarily executes "Steamboat Willie" when the latter recognizes him. Ryan, Reiben, and Upham are the only surviving Americans of the battle. Ryan is with Miller as he dies and says his last words, "James... earn this. Earn it." In the present day, Ryan, now an elderly veteran, and his family visit the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial at Colleville-sur-mer; Normandy, France. Ryan stands at Miller\'s grave. He asks his wife to confirm that he has led a good life and that he is a "good man" and thus worthy of the sacrifice of Miller and the others. He then salutes Miller\'s grave.'] ["After the closure of their shipyard in Northern Spain, a few former workers – Santa, José, Lino, Amador, Sergei and Reina – keep in touch. They meet mainly at a bar owned by their former colleague Rico. Santa is the most superficially confident and the unofficial leader of the group. A court case hangs over him relating to a shipyard lamp he smashed during protest against the closure. José is bitter that his wife, Ana, is employed when he is not. The gap between them is widening and he is fearful that she will leave him for a co-worker. Despite arthritic legs, Ana endures night shifts at a fish factory and thinks her looks are now lost. Not everyone seems to agree including her boss. Lino, an aging family man, doggedly pursues positions beyond his qualifications. The oldest member of the group, Amador, has degenerated into alcoholism after being abandoned by his wife; maintaining an increasingly transparent pretense that his wife will soon return from holiday. Reina has managed to find a job as a watchman at a football club, smuggling his friends into a game. Lino attends job interviews despite applicants being nearer his son's age. Sergei claims his career as an astronaut was forestalled by economic measures in the Soviet Space program. The group of friends are observed by Nata, the landlords teenage daughter. She franchises her babysitting job to Santa. The men also like relaxing by the sea where Santa dreams of going to Australia. Amador dies by throwing himself from his apartment building. His friends give him a dignified funeral albeit with a stolen floral arrangement. Lino eventually acknowledges his unemployability. Ana more from pity than love, remains with José. Santa pays the fine rather than go to jail. On his way, he smashes the same lamp."] ['The film intertwines several unsettling stories of people in a Manhattan neighborhood ravaged by crack cocaine.Six Immigrating to "Cracktown": www.aceshowbiz.com/news/view/00007693.html Romeo, a 14-year-old criminal, leads his gang into robbing and torturing a very sick pensioner, and then steps up to doing a murder-for-hire at the behest of a local drug dealer, unaware of the enormous risks. Manny and Concetta, a young couple, are desperately trying to rise out of poverty and care for their sick baby. Manny works two jobs - the front desk of a drug-riddled flop house by day and the cash register of a frequently-robbed bodega at night. It hardly matters that he is working so hard because the baby\'s non-stop crying will not allow him to sleep. Another young couple, Marybeth and Benny, are both drug addicts, and Marybeth is actually a pre-op transexual named Mickey. Marybeth makes a bit of money as a street prostitute, and Benny is into very low-paying burglaries. Their principal source of drugs is a well-off transexual named Ridley, who is looking to follow in Marybeth\'s footsteps. Young Willy and younger Susie are the much-neglected children of an addict named Mommy, who makes them sleep on the floor of their one room apartment. Mommy\'s current boyfriend, a hot-tempered addict named Chaz, makes the children beg on the street for his drug money. Willy\'s one bright spot is neighbor child Melody, whose mother pimps her out every night. When Chaz and Mommy leave the children behind while they embark on a drug-fueled quest to get more drug money from a relative of Chaz, and Melody is picked up by the police. Willy, meanwhile, is sent on a wild goose chase by Betty, an aging prostitute who enjoys tormenting her neighbors. The movie dramatizes  about half the stories in the 1993 book of the same name.'] ["A handful of close friends, due to turn 30, discover that their dreams for the future are running headfirst into the realities of adulthood in this character-driven comedy-drama. Natalie is a banker who is happy with her job, but is tired of being single, and her pursuit of a husband is taking her down several blind alleys in the world of dating. Joy has developed a similar desire to settle down and get married, but while she has a long-term boyfriend, Leland, he is not so sure he wants to make a lifetime commitment. Troy is a comic who has been on the verge of a career breakthrough for years, but he is starting to wonder if his big break is ever going to arrive. Malik is a white-collar executive who thinks life is passing him by, and is pondering giving up a stable career to start over as a male model. And Stephanie is comfortable with her job in real estate, but she is not so comfortable with herself as she struggles with a weight problem she's had since childhood."] ["Sommelier and wine shop owner Steven Spurrier , a British expatriate living in Paris, is concerned how to save his business in his daily conversation with Maurice , a wine lover from Milwaukee who is Spurrier's regular  customer. He concocts a plan to hold a blind taste-test intended to introduce Parisians to the quality wines coming from elsewhere in the world. Spurrier travels to the not-yet-famous Napa Valley in search of contestants for his Judgment of Paris taste test, where a chance meeting introduces him to floundering vintner Jim Barrett  of Chateau Montelena. Barrett wants no part in the competition, believing it to be a set-up designed by the French to humiliate New World wine producers. Barrett's son, Bo , secretly passes Spurrier a couple of bottles of the Chateau's chardonnay for the competition. The chardonnay has turned brown in the bottles, causing Barrett Sr. to call for the whole vintage to be carted away for dumping. But Bo discovers the brown color is only temporary and manages to recover the vintage, thanks to the help of local bar owner Joe  who had intercepted the bottles on the way to the dump. Bo is asked to travel to Paris to represent the Napa Valley vintners at the contest. After tallying the scores from the eight Parisian judges, Spurrier is shocked to find that Montelena has won the chardonnay competition. The report is featured in an article of Time; restaurants and wine shops all around America are asked continuously for the wine  and forced to admit that they do not have it. This twist of fate and the resultant oenological epiphany forever changes the fortunes of Napa Valley wineries and the global wine industry as a whole, as it is revealed that French wines are in fact not unbeatable. In the end, the futures of the characters are revealed: Jim Barrett continues to make wine in his 80s, although Bo now runs the winery. A bottle of Montelena Chardonnay 1973 and the red wine, Stags Leap cabernet sauvignon 1973, also from California, that had won the same competition were given a display case at the Smithsonian Institution. In 2006, thirty years after the first competition, Steven Spurrier hosted another contest, this time with full confidence that French wine would win. California won again."] ['Linda  wakes up one morning to her ringing phone. Her friend, Gale  wants to know how her party went last night. To her dismay, Linda tells her that no one showed up. "Not a one." Thus begins Denise Calls Up, the story of seven friends living in New York City who no longer find it necessary to actually meet face to face due to the new age of the internet and wireless phones. But Gale is less upset about the absolute absenteeism, than about the fact that her friend Barbara  never got to meet Jerry . Gale has been trying to set them up. So she calls Barbara, chastising her for not making it to Linda\'s and goading her into meeting Jerry. After protesting that she\'s just been too busy, Barbara eventually acquieces. Meanwhile, Denise , who has gotten pregnant by an anonymous sperm insemination, locates the donor, Martin  and decides to call him. And so it goes, as the characters, via phone and fax, duck and miss each other time after time, using one excuse after the other to avoid meetings, births, and even a funeral until, finally, Frank  determined to finally get everyone together, plans a New Year\'s Eve party. All swear that they will be there.'] ['In 1988, an elderly, widowed Dottie Hinson reluctantly attends the induction of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League  into the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown. She sees many of her former teammates and friends, prompting a flashback to 1943. When World War II threatens to shut down Major League Baseball, candy magnate and Chicago Cubs owner Walter Harvey  creates a women\'s league to make money. Ira Lowenstein  is put in charge and Ernie Capadino  is sent out to recruit players. Capadino likes what he sees in softball catcher Dottie . She is a terrific hitter and very attractive. He offers her a tryout, but she is content working in a dairy and on the family farm while her husband, Bob, fights in the war. He is less impressed with her younger sister, pitcher Kit Keller , who is desperate to go. He lets her come along when she persuades Dottie to change her mind. He also checks out Marla Hooch , a great switch-hitting slugger. Because Marla is homely, he rejects her, but Dottie and Kit refuse to go on without her, and her father makes an impassioned plea. Capadino gives in. When the trio arrive at the tryouts in Chicago, they meet taxi dancer "All the Way" Mae Mordabito ([[Madonna  and her best friend, Doris Murphy , both tough-talking New Yorkers; soft-spoken right fielder Evelyn Gardner ; illiterate and shy left fielder Shirley Baker ; and pitcher and former Miss Georgia Ellen Sue Gotlander. They and nine others are selected to form the Rockford Peaches, while 48 others are split among the Racine Belles, Kenosha Comets, and South Bend Blue Sox. The Peaches are managed by Jimmy Dugan , a former marquee Cubs slugger who lost his career to alcohol. He treats the whole thing as a joke, forcing Dottie to take on his duties. Jimmy takes over after clashing with Dottie over a game-time decision. The league attracts little interest. Lowenstein tells the Peaches that the owners are having second thoughts. With a Life magazine photographer attending a game, Lowenstein begs them to do something spectacular. Dottie obliges when a ball is popped up behind home plate, catching it while doing a split. The resulting photograph makes the cover of the magazine. A publicity campaign draws more and more people to the ballgames, but the owners remain unconvinced. Meanwhile, the sibling rivalry between Dottie and Kit intensifies: Kit resents being completely overshadowed by Dottie in everything. Things come to a head when Jimmy pulls Kit for a relief pitcher on Dottie\'s advice. After a heated argument between Dottie and Kit, Dottie tells Lowenstein she is thinking about quitting. Horrified at the prospect of losing his biggest star, Lowenstein promises to arrange a trade. Kit blames her sister for being sent to Racine. Prior to a game, the Peaches\' utility player, Betty "Spaghetti" Horn, is informed that her husband has been killed in action in the Pacific Theatre; the same evening, Bob returns, having been honorably discharged after being wounded in Italy. The following morning, Jimmy discovers that Dottie is returning to Oregon with Bob. He tells her she will regret her decision. The team makes it to the World Series against Kit\'s Racine Belles. The Peaches win twice in a row to force a deciding seventh game. Dottie unexpectedly rejoins the team for the game. Racine leads 1-0 going into the ninth inning when Dottie hits Kit\'s pitch and drives in two runs. Kit comes up to bat with her team trailing 2-1 in the bottom of the ninth with two outs. Dottie tells pitcher Ellen Sue about Kit\'s weakness for chasing high fastballs. After swinging at and missing the first two pitches, Kit hits a line drive and rounds the bases, ignoring a stop signal from the third base coach. Dottie fields the throw to the plate, but Kit slams into her, knocking the ball out of her hand to score the winning run. The sellout crowd convinces Harvey to give Lowenstein the owners\' support. After the game, the sisters reconcile before Dottie leaves to raise a family. In the present day, Dottie and Kit are reunited during the dedication ceremony of the Women\'s Professional Baseball League; Dottie is reunited with several players . Several fates of the characters are revealed: Marla married Nelson, Jimmy and Bob have both died, and after Dottie reunites with Stillwell, she learns of his mother\'s  passing. All the baseball players sing and take a picture.'] ["In Madrid in 1939 during the final days of the Spanish Civil War, Virtudes and Carmen, two young idealistic Republican militants, are encouraging their neighbours to keep faith in the cause of the Republic. However, the entry of Franco's victorious troops into the city is eminent. Fearing the bloody repression that was coming, many Republicans are fleeing the country while others are unable or unwilling to do so. Julia, a streetcar attendant and her friend, Adelina, a Red Cross worker, are also active sympathizers of the Spanish Republic. While spending an evening in a nightclub watching musicians perform, one of the last bombings of the city takes place. In those dire circumstances they befriend Blanca, whose husband Enrique is the musicians's band leader. The triumph of the Francoist troops marks a dark turning point in the lives of those who sympathized with the Republic. Canepa, one of the musicians in Enrique's band, is a Republican militant. Fearing for his life, he decides to leave the country. Blanca, Enrique's wife, gives him some money to help him on his way. Meanwhile, Julia strikes up a relationship with dapper young nationalist soldier Perico. It is rumored that there was a plot to assassinate Franco on his victorious entry into the capital, and the nationalists are seeking revenge. Although the girls have nothing to do with it, they have been targeted for their propagandistic leftist activities. The first to be arrested is Julia, who, before too long, is being sadistically tortured by the orders of Fontenla, the cold-hearted officer in charge of the interrogations. Adelina, Virtudes' co-worker, like most of the others is a member of a socialist group. She is turned in by her well-meaning father in the naïve belief that nothing serious would happened to her and that she is just wanted for questioning. Canepa and Teo are turned in by friends and neighbors and are tortured. Canepa commits suicide while under arrest. Teo has better luck and is eventually released on the condition that he has to secretly help to identify and capture his friends, sympathizers of the Republic. With Teo's help, one by one the girls are arrested, and soon they have all been jailed. Only Carmen, the youngest of the girls of the group realizes Teo's doublecrossing, but she is also arrested. Blanca also suffers the same fate. Her only crime is to have given Canepa some money. After suffering heavy police interrogations, the young group of women are eventually transferred to an overcrowded prison. The reunion of the girls in jail serves as a consolation to their dire circumstances. At one point, they even enjoy a bit of tap-dancing. Their families, including Adelina's grief-stricken father, are hoping that they would eventually be released. Blanca is worried about her small son that she was forced to leave behind. Her admirable behaviour and her serenity while in jail made her gain the respect of the woman in charge of the prison. However, their situation worsens when the group of women complain of the terrible sanitary condition for the children imprisoned with their mothers. As a protest they jointly refused to sing the praises of the Franco regime. The fate of the 13 young women is sealed when two military officers and an innocent woman are killed in cold blood by a group of leftist revolutionaries. As a punishment, the regime order the execution of some of the prisoners, though they have nothing to do with what have happened while they are in jail. A military court condemned the 48 men and 13 young women to death in less than 48 hours. Carmen, the youngest of all, is the only survivor of the group. Desolated she listens to the shots that killed her terrified friends. The final frame of the film asserts that the bulk of the content is verifiable from documentation and that the script relies heavily on actual dialogue or writings from the central characters."] ['{{Plot|date1920smcoBAAAAMBAJ&pgen&source2 A Film Grows in Brooklyn]. New York Magazine, January 24, 1983, p. 3, pp.16-17. Retrieved 2009-01-12. in 1920. His gang consists of Patrick "Patsy" Goldberg, Phillip "Cockeye" Stein, and little Dominic. They work for Bugsy, a local hood, until they meet Max Bercovicz and become an independent operation under his and Noodles\' leadership. Noodles has a fruitless flirtation with Deborah Gelly , who aspires to be a dancer and actress. Bugsy attacks the boys and Dominic is shot fatally. Noodles retaliates by stabbing Bugsy to death with a switchblade. Police officers intervene, and Noodles stabs one of them. He is sent to prison, and Max is left in charge on the outside.  Twelve years later, Noodles  is released from jail in 1932 and becomes reacquainted with his old gang: Max , Patsy  and Cockeye ([[William Forsythe , who are now major players in the bootlegging industry during Prohibition. After briefly reuniting with other acquaintances such as Deborah , her brother Fat Moe , who runs the speakeasy, and Peggy , the gang is recruited by a Detroit mobster, Joe , through the auspices of a local mobster, Frankie Manoldi  to steal a shipment of diamonds from an insurance dealer. Carol , the jeweler\'s secretary, is in on the job and goads Noodles into raping her during the robbery. During an exchange at an abandoned dockyard, Joe and his henchmen are gunned down in a surprise hit by the gang; Frankie Manoldi had arranged the hit to eliminate the competition from Detroit. Leaving the scene, Noodles argues that Max said nothing to him about killing the mobsters, reminding him that they never planned to work for anybody. This is the first sign of the rift between Noodles and Max, which is one of two central themes of the story: the second being Noodles\' doomed relationship with Deborah. The gang becomes involved in Mafia matters, getting into a steel workers\' strike on the side of unionist Jimmy Conway O\'Donnell , protecting him against a steel tycoon\'s thugs. The crew also deals with the corrupt Police Chief  by switching the identity of the Chief\'s newborn son in the maternity ward. Carol becomes reacquainted with the gang and falls for Max. Noodles tries to impress Deborah on an extravagant date, but he is left feeling rejected when she tells him she is leaving the following night for the West Coast where she plans to further her acting career. He rapes her in the back seat of a limousine, and after Deborah leaves, he is left regretting what he has done. Max is eager to advance his gang\'s position, despite Noodles\' objections. After Prohibition is repealed, Max suggests that they rob the New York Federal Reserve Bank, but Noodles sees it as suicidal. He is convinced by Carol to tip off the police about a planned liquor run to keep Max from pulling the bank heist. During a farewell party for Fat Moe\'s speakeasy, he makes an anonymous phone call to the authorities and is beaten by Max after calling his plans "crazy." Later, Noodles learns that Max, Patsy, and Cockeye are all killed in a gunfight after getting cornered by the police. He is consumed with guilt for having made the phone call. Noodles\' new girlfriend Eve  is murdered by the Syndicate, and Fat Moe is beaten nearly to death before revealing the traitor\'s whereabouts. After hiding out in an opium den, Noodles escapes his pursuers. Having retrieved the key to the locker, he makes his way to the gang\'s money hoard. Noodles is shocked to discover that the money is missing, and he flees to Buffalo, where he lives for decades under an assumed name.  In 1968, a gray-haired and world-weary Noodles returns to New York City where he goes to stay with Fat Moe at his restaurant. Noodles shows Moe a letter he received from the local rabbi notifying him that the cemetery where his three friends were buried has been sold for development. The letter offers relatives and friends of the deceased the opportunity to have their remains interred elsewhere. Moe tells Noodles that he got a similar letter on account of his father some eight months previously. Noodles explains that the late delivery of the letter, coupled with the fact that the bodies of Max, Patsy and Cockeye have long since been removed to an exclusive private cemetery, is the reason why he has come back out of hiding. Fat Moe asks: "What\'s this all mean?" Noodles answers: "It means, \'Noodles, though you\'ve been hiding in the asshole of the world, we found you. We know where you are.\' It means, \'Get ready.\'" At the mausoleum where his friends have been reburied, Noodles discovers a key hanging on a plaque dedicating the monument to them in his name. It is similar to the one he and his childhood friends shared for the train station locker they used as an informal bank throughout their career as mobsters. When he goes to the station, he finds the locker contains a suitcase full of cash and a note to the effect that it is advance payment on his next job. Noodles goes to see an elderly Carol who is living or working at an institution run by the Bailey Foundation. The establishment looks like a hospital or a home for the aged. Carol tells Noodles that Max triggered his own death as well as the killing of Patsy and Cockeye by opening fire at the police that night. As they talk, Noodles inspects a group photograph from the opening day of the institution where an older Deborah can be seen very clearly sitting, pride of place, in the center of the front row. Carol is not sure who she is, referring to her as a famous actress and the patron of the institution. Noodles visits Deborah in her dressing room where she is taking off her make-up following a performance of Antony and Cleopatra. Deborah becomes agitated as Noodles begins to question her about the politically embattled Secretary Bailey who featured, obliquely, in a sequence of televised news reports earlier. Noodles is impatient as Deborah recites a few details known to just about anyone who reads the papers, challenging her that she has been living with him for years. Noodles mentions he has an invitation to "a party on Long Island" on Saturday night, although it is never clear exactly where or when that invitation was issued. Deborah advises him not to go, becoming frantic when they are interrupted by a knock on the dressing room door. The voice of a young man calls her by name. She asks him to wait, begging Noodles to leave by the back door, to go and not look back. Noodles leaves the way he came in and is shocked to be confronted by a young man bearing a striking resemblance to Max at the same age. Deborah introduces him as Secretary Bailey\'s son: "His name is David, just like yours." Noodles\' final visit is his attendance at Secretary Bailey\'s party where Secretary Bailey turns out to be none other than Max himself. He is now under investigation for corruption and decides to settle an old debt by hiring Noodles to assassinate him. Upon meeting his old friend after more than thirty years, Noodles learns that the planned liquor raid was a Syndicate operation, but he politely refuses to kill "Bailey" despite Max\'s confession that he betrayed him, stole the money and even "stole" his woman. Before leaving, he tells Max that his betrayal was meant to save his life. Max follows him to the road, and as an industrial garbage disposal truck parked there starts up and begins to slowly move down the road, Max appears to follow it and as his feet disappear behind the tires, we hear additional noises coming from the truck . As the truck passes, Max has disappeared, and in the back of the truck are sharp radius augers designed to move trash or debris into the top of the truck, leaving Max\'s fate somewhat ambiguous, but implying that he threw himself into the truck to be torn apart by the screws.  Noodles goes to an opium den following the loss of his friends. As he settles into his dream, his expression appears to shift from glazed relaxation through a faint glimmer of realisation before cracking into a final, broad grin which is frozen for the end titles.'] ["A colorful family from a small Texas town must come to grips with the accidental death of the elderly family matriarch during a clandestine meeting in a seedy motel room with her much younger, married neighbor. The woman's family must deal with their own demons while preparing for what could be an embarrassing funeral."] ["It's Halloween, and New England contractor Wiley Boon, married to his high school sweetheart Sandra and the father of three children, feels smothered after fifteen years of the same routine and is facing a midlife crisis. His best friend, local school board president Sam Manners, is on the verge of starting a relationship with Adie Nims, a recent transplant from Florida and the new teacher at the grade school. During Thanksgiving dinner, Wiley and Sandra have a minor disagreement that prompts him to leave his family and move into a mobile home to sort through his feelings of emotional unrest. Using subsequent holidays as a background, the film focuses on both their efforts to recapture the magic of their early years together."] ['On a ship in San Pedro Bay, a faceless figure identified as "Keyser" speaks briefly with an injured man called Keaton , then appears to shoot Keaton, before setting the ship ablaze. The next day, agents Jack Baer  and Dave Kujan  of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and U.S. Customs Service respectively, arrive in San Pedro separately to investigate what happened on the boat. There appear to be only two survivors: Roger "Verbal" Kint , a con artist with cerebral palsy, and a hospitalized Hungarian criminal named Arkosh Kovash. Baer interrogates the severely burned Kovash in the hospital, who claims that Keyser Söze, a Turkish criminal mastermind with a near-mythical reputation, was in the harbor "killing many men". Kovash begins to describe Söze through an interpreter while a police sketch artist draws a rendering of Söze\'s face. Meanwhile, Verbal has testified at length about the incident in exchange for near-total immunity. While waiting to post bail on a minor weapons charge, Verbal is placed in the cluttered office of San Pedro Police Sergeant Jeffrey Rabin  where Kujan demands to hear his story from the beginning. Verbal\'s tale starts six weeks earlier in New York City: Five criminals are brought together in a police lineup: Dean Keaton, a corrupt former police officer who has apparently given up his life of crime; Michael McManus , a short-tempered professional thief; Fred Fenster , McManus\' partner who speaks in mangled English; Todd Hockney , a hijacker; and Verbal. While in holding, McManus convinces the others to join forces to commit a robbery targeting New York\'s Finest Taxi Service, a group of corrupt New York City Police Department officers who escort smugglers to their destinations around the city. After the successful robbery, the quintet travel to Los Angeles to sell their loot to McManus\' fence, "Redfoot" , who talks them into another job: robbing a purported jewel dealer. Instead of carrying jewels or money as they were told, however, the dealer had heroin. An angry confrontation between the thieves and Redfoot reveals that the job came from a lawyer named Kobayashi . The thieves later meet with Kobayashi, who claims to work for Keyser Söze and who blackmails them into attacking a ship at San Pedro harbor. Kobayashi describes the boat as smuggling $91 million worth of cocaine to be purchased by Söze\'s rivals. The thieves are to destroy the drugs and, if they choose to wait until the buyers arrive, split the cash. In the present, Verbal tells Kujan the story of Keyser Söze. Years before, his Hungarian rivals invaded his home and demanded his territory, raping his wife and killing one of his children to show him their resolve. In response, Söze surprised them by killing his own wife and remaining children, then massacred the entire mob. He then went underground, never directly dealing with anyone in person, and became "a spook story criminals tell their kids at night". Baer tells Kujan that he has heard rumors for years about Söze\'s insulating himself behind layers of minions who do not know for whom they are working. Verbal resumes his story. Fenster attempts to run away, only to be killed by Kobayashi. The four remaining thieves kidnap Kobayashi, intending to kill him if he does not leave them alone. Unbowed, Kobayashi reveals that Edie Finneran , Keaton\'s lawyer and girlfriend, is in his office , and he threatens to kill her as well as the families of the four thieves, should they refuse the job. On the night of the cocaine deal, the sellers  and the buyers  are on the dock. Keaton tells Verbal to stay back, and to take the money to Edie if the plan goes awry so she can pursue Kobayashi "her way". Verbal reluctantly agrees, and watches the boat from a distance. Keaton, McManus, and Hockney attack the men at the pier, killing most of them. Keaton and McManus board the ship to find the drugs while Hockney goes after the van carrying the cash, though he is fatally shot by someone unseen when he finds it. Keaton and McManus discover there is no cocaine on the boat. Meanwhile, the unseen assailant shoots a closely guarded Argentine passenger; this same figure kills McManus and wounds Keaton. The mysterious figure appears to speak briefly with Keaton before shooting him again. With Verbal\'s story finished, Kujan reveals what he knows: the Argentinian man murdered on the boat was Arturo Marquez, a drug dealer who, in order to escape jail time, had revealed to authorities that he could identify Keyser Söze. A group of Hungarians Kujan assumes to be the same group that Söze nearly annihilated in Turkey were offering to buy Marquez from the Argentinian group for $91 million. Using the fabrication of a drug deal, Kujan speculates, Söze had Verbal and his crew sent to the docks as a cover for Söze to personally enter the boat and kill Marquez undetected. Kujan concludes that Keaton actually was Keyser Söze; he is convinced that Keaton has faked his death  and deliberately left Verbal as a witness. Under Kujan\'s aggressive questioning, Verbal tearfully admits that the whole scheme was Keaton\'s idea from the beginning, but refuses to testify. His bail having been posted, Verbal retrieves his personal effects from the property officer. Moments later, Kujan, relaxing in Rabin\'s office, realizes that details and names from Verbal\'s story are culled from various objects around the room - including Rabin\'s crowded bulletin board and the "Kobayashi Porcelain Company" logo on the bottom of his coffee cup. Kujan realizes that most of Verbal\'s story was improvised for his benefit and chases after him, running past a fax machine as it receives the police artist\'s impression of Keyser Söze\'s face, which resembles none other than Verbal Kint. Meanwhile, Verbal walks away from the police station, dropping his feigned limp. He gets into a waiting car driven by "Kobayashi", pulling away just as Kujan comes outside, searching in vain. Verbal\'s quote from Charles Baudelaire is repeated: "The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn\'t exist."<ref nameoeuvre&srub167 Le Spleen de Paris], 1864. This is followed by his earlier description of Keyser Söze: "And like that, he\'s gone."'] ['The film is inspired by an incident that occurred three months after the Battle of Haditha in the Iraq War. On 19 November 2005, 24 Iraqi men, women and children were killed in Haditha, a city in the western Iraq province of Al Anbar. At least 15 of those killed were noncombatant civilians. All are alleged to have been killed by a group of United States Marines. Since the release of the film, however, charges have been dropped  against all the Marines involved, even Sgt Wuterich, who was the Marine in charge on the ground on that day.MILITARY: Haditha Marine acquitted The names of the involved parties have been changed in the film.{{cite web}}'] ['Eliza  discovers a love letter that may prove that her husband  is having an affair, so she decides to go to New York City and confront him. Her family, including her sister, Jo, and her fiancé, Carl, as well as her parents, Jim and Rita, go along for the ride in the family station wagon from Long Island.'] ['After a series of country-wide auditions, 12 young dancers gain entry to the American Ballet Academy . They work hard, attending classes every day for weeks to make them the best dancers they can possibly be, and in preparations for a final dance workshop which will determine the three boys and three girls who will be asked to join the American Ballet Company . The workshop will also provide an opportunity for the students to showcase their talent to other ballet companies across the country. Gaining a leading part in the workshop is therefore essential. Tensions mount between Jonathan , the company\'s aging choreographer and director, and Cooper Nielson , his best dancer, who also wants to choreograph. They also have issues because Kathleen, Cooper\'s ex-girlfriend and fellow ballet dancer, left him for Jonathan. Star student Maureen , a closet bulimic who seems poised for success, discovers that life is passing her by when she meets a pre-med student who shows her life without ballet. Sweet Jody Sawyer , despite body type issues and bad feet, is determined to dance professionally but it appears less and less likely as the movie progresses that she will be good enough. The talented but smart-mouthed Eva  loves to dance but seems destined to be stuck in the back of the corps because of her attitude. Tensions also arise between Charlie  and Cooper. Charlie has a crush on Jody, who had a one-night stand with Cooper and remains infatuated with him. Despite Jonathan\'s objections, Cooper choreographs a rock music based ballet for the workshop. Three ballets are being presented; Jonathan and another choreographer create the other two respectively--the two more "traditional" ballets are not danced to actual ballet music, however. The first is to Mendelssohn\'s Italian Symphony, while Jonathan\'s ballet is set to Rachmaninov\'s 2nd Piano Concerto. Cooper\'s ballet mirrors the relationship between himself, Jonathan, and Kathleen . Jody, Charlie, and Erik  are set to dance the three lead roles when Erik sprains his ankle in a rehearsal. Cooper then steps in to fill the role, and the tensions between Jody, Charlie and Cooper play out on the stage. After the final workshop, Cooper starts his own dance company - much to Jonathan\'s chagrin, as Cooper\'s financial backer is a woman that Jonathan was hoping would donate to his own company. Cooper asks Jody to be a principal dancer as her dancing style, though technically behind, is perfect for the kind of dance he wants in his company. He also asks to date her, but Jody turns him down in favor of Charlie. Maureen decides to give up ballet because she finally realizes that ballet is just something she does well, and not what she wants from life. She decides to attend regular university and also seek help for her eating disorder. Eva is picked by Jonathan to join the prestigious American Ballet Company after proving her worth in the workshop - secretly taking the place of Maureen, who had the lead, in Jonathan\'s ballet. Jody\'s boyfriend Charlie, and their friends Anna  and Erik are also asked to join the American Ballet Company, and Sergei  joins his girlfriend in the San Francisco Ballet Company. There is a subplot in which Cooper attracts the financial support of a flirtatious wealthy female philanthropist . An August 15, 2004 New York Times article entitled "How Much Is That Dancer in the Program?" revealed that Stiefel has a very similar real-life sponsorship relationship with a philanthropist named Anka Palitz.'] ['A groom and his four groomsmen wrestle with issues such as fatherhood, homosexuality, honesty and growing up in the week leading up to his wedding. Paulie , a self-supporting writer, is making plans for his marriage to Sue , his girlfriend who is in her 5th month of pregnancy. In real-life, Burns\' then girlfriend, supermodel Christy Turlington, was also five months pregnant when they married in June 2003. Christy inspired Burns to re-work the manuscript for this movie, which he hadn\'t worked on in many months. Paulie is strongly advised by his older brother Jimbo  to not go through with the wedding. Jimbo, who runs a struggling business, is envious of Paulie, partly because his own childless marriage is unraveling. T.C. , who left the neighborhood without explanation eight years earlier, returns for the wedding. Apparently, before leaving, T.C. had stolen a Tom Seaver baseball card from Paulie\'s cousin Mike . Mike still harbors such resentment over the loss that he immediately starts a fight with T.C. Later, T.C. hesitantly reveals that he abruptly left the neighborhood because he\'s gay and that he stole Mike\'s card because, even though they were best friends, he hated him for his constant gay bashing. The neighborhood bar is owned by Dez , who is married with two children and is the most content and functional member of the gang. He is continually trying to "get the band back together". He has even pushed his own sons into learning the guitar and is seen riding them to become better. Jessica Capshaw has a small role in this film. Her stepfather, Steven Spielberg, directed Edward Burns in Saving Private Ryan.'] ['Ten complete strangers are invited to spend the weekend in a lonely mansion on an island off the English coast. Once there, they realize that none of them know their unseen host, who has identified himself only as "Mr. Owen." Using a prerecorded gramophone, Mr. Owen accuses them each of past murders that the law was unable to punish, and promises swift retribution. Soon thereafter the first guest dies, the victim of poisoning. The remaining guests come to realize that the killer is murdering them according to the old Ten Little Niggers nursery rhyme. When their attempt to locate Mr. Owen by searching the island proves fruitless, they realize that the unknown assailant is in fact one of them.'] ['The film tells the story of four poverty-stricken half brothers with the same mother, Cleuza  but different fathers, who live in a favela neighborhood in São Paulo and have to fight to follow their dreams. Dario , seeks the opportunity of a better life with his soccer skills; Dênis  survives as a motorcycle courier; Dinho  works in a filling station and helps at the local church and Reginaldo , although gifted as a soccer player dreams of becoming a bus driver. Cleuza, pregnant with her fifth child, works as a cleaner for a woman in a middle class area of São Paulo.'] ['The film depicts the aspirations and lives of several people in the Seacoast National Bank Building. Among them is David Dwight, the womanizing bank owner who keeps his estranged wife happy by paying her bills. His secretary Sarah wants him to get a divorce so they can marry.'] ['Stalag 17 begins on "the longest night of the year" in 1944 in a Luftwaffe prisoner-of-war camp located somewhere along the Danube River. The story of a Nazi spy in Barracks Four is narrated by Clarence Harvey "Cookie" Cook . The camp holds Poles, Czechs, Russian females and in the American compound 640 sergeants, enlisted men from bomber crews, gunners, radiomen and flight engineers. Prisoners of War Manfredi and Johnson try to escape through a tunnel the inmates have dug under the barbed wire. They are immediately shot by waiting prison guards when they emerge outside the fence. The other prisoners conclude that one of their own must have informed the Germans of the escape attempt, and suspicion falls on Sefton , a cynical and somewhat antisocial prisoner who barters openly with the German guards for eggs, silk stockings, blankets and other luxuries. He also organizes mouse races and various other profitable enterprises that net him his hoard of "luxuries." The other prisoners are suspicious of his fraternization with the enemy, though envious of his dealmaking success — for instance, he wins a large number of cigarettes from the other prisoners by betting against Manfredi\'s and Johnson\'s successful escape, then trades the cigarettes to the Germans for an egg the next morning. Sefton\'s tells the men it is foolish to try to escape. He is not seeking "fruit salad"  He continues, "what if you escape, make it back to the United States, they ship you to the Pacific, you\'re shot down again, this time you\'re in a Japanese Prison camp." The lives of the prisoners are depicted: they receive mail, eat terrible food, wash in the latrine sinks, and collectively do their best to keep sane and defy the camp\'s cruel and ruthless commandant, Oberst von Scherbach . They use a clandestine radio, smuggled from barracks to barracks throughout the entire camp, to pick up the BBC and the war news.  Their German guard, Feldwebel Schulz , confiscates the radio—another success for the "stoolie". Humor is seen in "Animal" Kasava\'s infatuation with movie actress, Betty Grable. He suffers from depression when he learns Betty has married bandleader Harry James. Harry "Sugar Lips" Shapiro gets six letters at mail call, and makes Animal think they are from women. When Kasava sees a finance company letterhead, Harry admits they repossessed his Plymouth. Sefton bribes the guards to let him spend the day in the women\'s barracks in the Russian section of the camp. The other prisoners spot him through Sefton\'s own telescope , and conclude that this is his reward for having informed the Germans about the radio. When he returns he is accused of being a spy. At that moment von Scherbach pays a visit to the barracks to apprehend new prisoner, Lieutenant James Schuyler Dunbar ([[Don Taylor , who had previously told the other prisoners that he had blown up a German ammunition train while he was being transported to the camp. Sefton knows Dunbar comes from a wealthy Boston family. Sefton washed out of pilot training in the class from which Dunbar graduated. Sefton feels Dunbar was commissioned because of his family\'s money. The men are convinced that Sefton divulged Dunbar\'s act of sabotage to the Germans, and they viciously beat Sefton, after which he is ostracized. Sefton then decides to investigate and uncover the identity of the spy in order to clear his name. Eventually he remains in the barracks during a fake air raid and successfully discovers the identity of the spy, the barracks security chief, Price ([[Peter Graves , whom Sefton overhears conversing with Schulz in German and divulging the means by which Dunbar destroyed the ammunition train. Sefton divulges the theory to his only friend in the camp, Cookie. He points out that the stoolie may not be an American traitor at all but a German spy posing as an American to ferret out information. If he exposes Price, and proves he is the real stoolie, the Germans would simply remove him and put him in another camp. On Christmas Day the men find out that SS men are coming to take Dunbar to Berlin for interrogation. The entire camp creates a distraction and Dunbar is freed and hidden. Nobody but the compound chief Hoffy  knows of Dunbar\'s whereabouts, and he refuses to divulge the information to anybody, even the supposedly trustworthy Price. Dunbar is thus successfully kept from the Germans despite extensive search efforts. After von Scherbach threatens to raze the camp to find Dunbar, the men decide one of them must help Dunbar escape. Price volunteers for the job, and when he appears to have convinced the other prisoners to let him do it, Sefton reveals him as the spy. After accusing Price, Sefton asks him "When was Pearl Harbor?" Price knows the date, but Sefton traps him by quickly asking what time he heard the news. Without thinking, Price betrays himself by answering 6 p.m. — the correct time of the attack in Berlin, Germany, and not Cleveland, Ohio where he claims to have come from. After that, Sefton reaches into Price\'s jacket pocket and extracts the "mailbox" used to exchange messages with the Germans, a hollowed-out black chess queen. With his fellow POWs convinced of Price\'s guilt, Sefton decides to take Dunbar out of the camp himself. First, because he likes the odds of escape, and second, for the reward he can expect from Dunbar\'s wealthy family. The men give Sefton enough time to get Dunbar out of his hiding place  then throw Price out into the yard with tin cans tied to his legs. The ruse works: Price is killed in a hail of bullets  by camp guards who believe him to be Dunbar or one of the other prisoners, creating a distraction that allows Sefton and Dunbar to cut through the barbed wire and make their escape. Everyone begins to wonder if Sefton or Dunbar will ever make it out of Germany alive. Animal says, "Maybe he just wanted to steal our wire cutters. You ever think of that? " The film ends with Cookie whistling "When Johnny Comes Marching Home Again."'] ['The film features Byrne as an unnamed, cowboy-hat-wearing stranger who visits the fictional Texas town of Virgil, where he observes the citizens as they prepare for the Celebration of Special-ness to mark the Sesquicentennial  anniversary of the founding of the town and the statehood of Texas. The event is being sponsored by the Varicorp Corporation, a local computer manufacturing plant. Byrne\'s narration breaks the fourth wall many times in the movie, especially while he is driving around town in his Chrysler LeBaron convertible. Among the unique individuals the stranger meets is * Louis Fyne, , a Country-Western-singing clean room technician at Varicorp who is unlucky in love * Civic leader Earl Culver , who never speaks directly to his wife, Kay  * Miss Rollings , who never leaves her bed * Mr. Tucker , Miss Rollings personal assistant, a voodoo practitioner whom Louis hires to help him find love * A conspiracy theorist preacher  whose shtick owes a great deal to the Church of the SubGenius ; * Ramon , who claims telepathic powers * "The Lying Woman" , who recounts fantastic episodes from her life to anyone listening. Renowned Latin music legend Esteban "Steve" Jordan and his conjunto perform the song "Radio Head" in the film as well.'] ['When Martians surround Earth with an armada of flying saucers, President James "Jimmy" Dale addresses America concerning the historic event. People around the country follow the story, including news anchors in New York, employees and guests at the Luxor Las Vegas hotel in Nevada and a trailer trash family in fictional Perkinsville, Kansas. The President\'s science aides set up a first contact meeting with the Martians in Pahrump, Nevada. Using a probably defective universal translator the Martians announce they have "come in peace." However, when a hippie releases a dove as a symbol of peace, the Martians shoot it down and attack the army and gathered crowd. General Casey, Jason Stone, and Billy-Glenn are among those killed. Thinking that the reason for this is a "cultural misunderstanding," President Dale has Professor Donald Kessler continue negotiations with the Martians, whose ambassador is invited to address the United States Congress. At this meeting, the Martians massacre most of the members of Congress and retreat to their saucer. Kessler begs for the Martian ambassador to stop, but he is knocked out and taken aboard their ship. General Decker tries to convince President Dale to retaliate with nuclear warfare, but the president refuses. A Martian assassin, disguised as a beautiful woman, enters the White House and unsuccessfully attempts to assassinate Dale. After the unsuccessful attempt on his life, the Martians then begin a full-scale invasion, in which they destroy Big Ben, the Eiffel Tower, the Taj Mahal, the Washington Monument, the Easter Island Moais, Mount Rushmore - replacing the stone president heads with Martian heads, and other locations. Meeting with the ambassador one more time to plead for peace, the ambassador goes to shake hands with President Dale but the ambassador\'s hand comes off and crawls on President Dale, and then stabs him to death. Meanwhile, Richie Norris, a Kansas teenager, discovers that the Martians heads explode when they hear Slim Whitman\'s "Indian Love Call". He and his grandmother drive around town, using the song to destroy the Martians. The military hears about the recording and broadcasts it around the globe and into space, killing most of the Martians and causing the few remaining survivors to flee Earth. Richie and his grandmother are later awarded the Medal of Honor by the only surviving member of the government, the President\'s teenage daughter, Taffy, at a ceremony including a Mariachi band playing The Star Spangled Banner on the steps of the ruined United States Capitol.'] ['Anthony "Tick" Belrose , using the drag pseudonym of Mitzi Del Bra, is a Sydney-based drag queen who accepts an offer to perform his drag act at Lasseter\'s Hotel Casino Resort managed by a female friend named Marion  in Alice Springs, a remote town in central Australia. After persuading his friends and fellow performers, Bernadette Basinger , a recently bereaved transsexual woman, and Adam Whitely , a flamboyant and obnoxious younger drag queen who goes under the drag name Felicia Jollygoodfellow, to join him, the three set out in a large tour bus which Adam christens "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" for a four-week run in the Australian Outback town. While on the long journey through remote lands bordering the Simpson Desert, they meet a variety of characters, including a group of friendly Australian Aborigines for whom they perform, and the less accepting attitudes of rural Australia in such towns as Coober Pedy, and are subjected to homophobic abuse and even violence, including having their tour bus vandalised with the words "AIDS fuckers go home." When the tour bus breaks down in the middle of the desert, the trio meet Bob ([[Bill Hunter , a middle-aged mechanic from a small outback town who joins them on their journey. Before they arrive at Alice Springs, Tick reveals that Marion is actually his wife, as they never divorced, and that they are in fact going there as a favour to her. Continuing their journey, Adam is almost mutilated by a homophobic gang before he is saved by Bob and Bernadette. Adam is shaken and Bernadette comforts him, allowing them to reach an understanding. Likewise, the others come to terms with the secret of Tick\'s marriage and resolve their differences. Together, they fulfill a long-held dream of Adam\'s which is to climb Kings Canyon in full drag regalia. Upon arrival at the hotel, it is revealed that Tick and Marion also have an eight-year-old son, Benjamin , whom Tick has not seen for many years. Tick is nervous about exposing his son to his drag profession and anxious about revealing his homosexuality, though he is surprised to discover that Benjamin already knows and is fully supportive of his father\'s sexuality and career. By the time their four-week stint at the resort is over, Tick and Adam head back to Sydney, taking Benjamin back with them so that Tick can get to know his son and Marion can have a long-earned break. However, Bernadette decides to remain at the resort for a while with Bob, who has decided to work at the hotel after the two of them become close.'] ['Niagara Motel features its namesake and the ongoings amongst the inhabitants of the motel located in Niagara Falls. The characters include a knockout waitress  being recruited to star in low budget porn videos, a young couple with a criminal past struggling to recover their child from social services, and a middle class husband and wife in a marriage that is disintegrating in near-record time all led by a drunken motel caretaker . {{Expand section}}'] ["Margot  is a successful but neurotic writer who brings her 11-year-old son Claude  to spend a weekend visiting her free-spirited sister Pauline  on the eve of her wedding to Malcolm . Margot disapproves of Pauline's choice of fiancé, which causes tension between the two sisters."] ['In the fall of 1954, the Kurtzmans, a Jewish family, live in Forest Park, a suburban neighborhood in the northwest section of Baltimore. At the beginning of the film, Nate, the father, runs a burlesque theatre, and engages in a community numbers racket. His wife Ada stays home and takes care of the household. Van, the older son, attends the University of Baltimore, while Ben is finishing his final year in high school. Ben meets Sylvia, an African-American girl, who begins attending his school after the district has been integrated. Ben immediately starts to develop feelings towards Sylvia, and introduces himself. The two become close based on a mutual love for Little Richard, James Brown, jazz musicians, and black comedians. Sylvia\'s father, an affluent doctor, disapproves of their relationship and forbids them to see one another. On Halloween, Ben dresses up as Adolf Hitler, which offends his parents greatly. Van and his friends head over to a party in a predominantly bourgeois, gentile section of Baltimore. Van is attracted to a mysterious blonde woman. A fight between one of Van\'s buddies and a gentile erupts and Trey, one of the party-goers, drunkenly crashes his car into the house. Van must leave the mystery woman. Trey goes to court for the car crash. Van and his friends are there as witnesses. After the court session expires, Van asks several of the other party attendants about the blonde woman he met. Trey discovers that the girl Van has fallen in love with is Dubbie, his own girlfriend. Meanwhile, Nate\'s burlesque theatre has problems. In order to boost returns on the numbers game, an additional bonus number is added which will increase the pay-off. Little Melvin, a local drug dealer, makes a large bet, defies expectations and hits the number. Unable to pay on that big a win, Nate is then forced to cut Melvin a "slice of the pie". When Nate offers Melvin the numbers business instead, Melvin claims that Nate is trying to "Jew" him out of his money and a fight breaks out between their bodyguards. Sylvia gives Ben two tickets to see James Brown in concert. At the concert Ben and his friend are the only white patrons in the audience. Van and his friends head out to a gathering, where he again runs into Dubbie and learns of her relationship with Trey. Little Melvin then spots Nate\'s car off of Pennsylvania Avenue in the African American neighborhood where James Brown is in concert and after seeing Ben and his friend inside, he deduces that one of them must be Nate\'s son. After the concert, Melvin abducts Ben, Sylvia and their friends from the concert in a payback to Nate\'s racket. Van has word that Trey is in surgery after a car accident. He and Dubbie go see him in Virginia. Nate and his associates at the nightclub are charged and booked with prostitution and racketeering. Before leaving for prison, he manages to attend Ben and Sylvia\'s high school graduation. She is attending Spelman College, a historically black college in Atlanta; he is staying to attend the University of Maryland. As the film closes, the scene shows Ben\'s family attending a Jewish ceremony as the father walks out of the synagogue and blows a kiss to his wife. In a voice-over of Ben\'s adult voice, he reflects on his childhood with memories of his kiss with Sylvia, his father, and his bittersweet coming-of-age in 1950\'s Baltimore.'] ['A young woman hanging clothes on a line happily points out the arrival of "manine" or puffballs floating on the wind. The old man pottering beside her replies, "When puffballs come, cold winter’s done." In the village square, schoolboys jump around trying to pluck puffballs out of the air. Giudizio , the town idiot, looks into the camera and recites a poem to spring and the swirling, drifting "manine." At the hairdresser’s, a Fascist has just had his head newly shaved when Fiorella arrives to accompany her sister Gradisca , the village beauty, to the traditional bonfire celebrating spring. As night falls, the inhabitants of Borgo make their way to the village square where Fellini presents his comic characters: the blind accordion player  relentlessly tormented by schoolboys; Volpina , the stringy blond nymphomaniac; the stout and buxom tobacconist ; Titta , the rosy-cheeked adolescent protagonist based on Fellini\'s childhood friend; and Aurelio , Titta’s father, a construction foreman of working-class background. Modest and reserved, Aurelio responds in frenzied anger to Titta’s pranks while Miranda , his wife, always comes to her son’s defence. Miranda’s brother, Lallo , lives with Titta’s family, sponging off his brother-in-law. In tow are Titta’s grandfather , a likeable old goat with an eye on the family’s young maid, and a street vendor, Biscein , the town’s inveterate liar. Giudizio sits an effigy of the "Old Witch of Winter" in a chair on the stack and Gradisca is given the honour of setting it aflame. Lallo maliciously removes the ladder, trapping Giudizio atop the inferno. "I’m burning!" he screams as the crowd dances gaily round the bonfire and schoolboys run amuck exploding firecrackers. From a window, the Fascist bigwig  fires his pistol into the air. "I feel spring all over me already," says Gradisca in ecstasy. The local aristocrat and his decrepit wife raise a toast to the dying flames. Schoolboys drag Volpina near the cinders then swing her back and forth in rhythm to the blind accordionist’s tune. A motorcyclist roars through the glowing coals in a mindless display of exhibitionism. Black-clothed women scoop the scattered embers into pans as the town lawyer  appears walking his bicycle. Like Giudizio, he addresses the camera to explain choice titbits of the town’s history. A florid suite of raspberries interrupts his charming pedantry and he departs in a huff. Zeus , the red-haired crusty schoolmaster, presides over an official class photograph. After showing us a wall hung with the portraits of the king, the pope and Mussolini, Fellini serves up a sequence of classroom antics involving Titta, Gigliozzi , Ovo  and Ciccio , the class fat boy who has a crush on Aldina , a lovely brunette. If the schoolboys are stereotypical delinquents, their teachers are ridiculous. During her inane lessons on Giotto’s perspective, the art teacher  dips a breakfast biscuit in milk. Expanding her voluptuous chest, the feral-faced maths teacher  demonstrates an algebraic formula. Clicking tongue and palate to pronounce a syllable, the Italian teacher  is reduced to hysterics by Ovo’s parody of him. Myopic religion instructor Don Balosa  wipes his glasses and drones on while half the class sneaks out for a smoke in the toilets. "Fu Manchu!" cries Volpina, prowling on a sunburnt beach. When workers at Aurelio\'s construction site invite her to join them, the foreman promptly sends her off. Mortar, an old brick-maker, is asked to recite his new poem entitled Bricks: :My grandfather made bricks :My father made bricks :I make bricks, too, :but where’s my house? Aurelio replies with a homily on the virtues of hard work. During dinner with his family, Aurelio explodes when news arrives that Titta urinated on the neighbour\'s hat. The ensuing squabble builds into a delirious domestic fit. Titta and his gang follow Gradisca on her promenade under the arcades and, when that proves fruitless, flatten their noses against an irate merchant’s shop window. Lallo and his fellow Don Juans spot a carriage-load of new prostitutes on their way to the local brothel. The news spreads like wildfire to the town\'s male population. The main concerns of Don Balosa, who doubles as the town priest, are floral arrangements and making sure his schoolboys avoid masturbation. At confession he warns Titta that "Saint Louis cries when you touch yourself." Given his fantasies involving the busty tobacconist, the sensual math teacher, the fat-bottomed peasant women on bicycles, Volpina the man-eater and Gradisca whom he tried to grope at the Cinema Fulgor, Titta complains that it can’t be helped. A dirty dust cloud announces the visit of the federale during a parade led by the local gerarca. Following behind him are the maths teacher and her colleagues, rejuvenated by Fascist rhetoric. Now in uniform, Lallo joins the parade shouting "Mussolini\'s got balls this big!" In a wild daydream, Ciccio stands before the giant face of Mussolini, who blesses him and his "Fascist bride", Aldina. Surreptitiously wired into the bell tower of the town church, a gramophone plays a recording of the Internationale but it is soon shot at and destroyed by gun-crazy Fascists. Owing to his anarchist past, Aurelio is brought in for questioning and forced to drink castor oil. He limps home in a nauseous state to be washed by Miranda. We discover later that it was Lallo who betrayed him. In a series of fantasy sequences at the Grand Hotel, Gradisca is encouraged to bed the Fascist high official in return for government funds to rebuild the town\'s harbour while pimple-faced Biscein recounts the night he made love to twenty-eight women in the visiting sultan’s harem. The Grand Hotel also provides the backdrop to Lallo’s gang of mother-controlled layabouts who obsessively pursue middle-aged female tourists. One summer afternoon, the family visits Uncle Teo , Aurelio’s brother, confined to an insane asylum. They take him out for a day in the country but he escapes into a tree yelling, "Voglio una donna!" . All attempts to bring him down are met with stones that Teo carries in his pockets. A dwarf nun and two orderlies finally arrive on the scene. Marching up the ladder, the nun reprimands Teo who obediently agrees to return to the asylum. "We are all mad at times," sighs Aurelio. The town\'s inhabitants embark in small boats to meet the passage of the SS Rex, the regime’s proudest technological achievement. By midnight they have fallen asleep waiting for its arrival. Awakened by a foghorn, they watch in awe as the liner sails past, capsizing their boats in its wake. Titta’s grandfather wanders lost in a disorienting fog so thick it seems to smother the house and the autumnal landscape. Walking out to the Grand Hotel, Titta and his friends find it boarded up. Like zombies, they waltz on the terrace with imaginary female partners enveloped in the fog. The annual car race provides the occasion for Titta to daydream of winning the grand prize, Gradisca. One evening the buxom tobacconist is about to close up shop when Titta tries to cadge a cigarette. She ignores him but he catches her interest by boasting that he can lift her. Daring him to try, she’s aroused when he succeeds. Setting her back down, he goes to sit breathlessly in a corner as she draws the shop\'s iron shutter and exposes a breast, overwhelming Titta by her sheer size. The teenager’s awkward efforts end with him being suffocated by the very objects of his desire. Losing all interest, she sends him away after giving him the cigarette for free. On the cusp of winter, Titta falls sick and is tended by his mother. "This will go down as the Year of the Big Snow!" announces the lawyer peering out from behind a snow bank. As Gradisca makes her way to church in the town square, Titta follows in hot pursuit and is almost run over by the motorcyclist bombing through a labyrinth of snow. On a visit to comfort his ailing mother in hospital, she tells him that it’s time he matured. A friendly snow fight breaks out between Lallo, Gradisca, and the schoolboys but is quickly interrupted by a piercing bird call. They watch mesmerized as a peacock, on the rim of a frozen fountain, shows off his magnificent tail. Titta wakes to find the house in mourning: Miranda has died. Locking himself in his mother’s bedroom, he breaks down and cries. After the funeral he walks out to the quay just as the puffballs return drifting on the wind. In a deserted field with half the village present, Gradisca celebrates her marriage to a balding pot-bellied officer. A man raises his glass and exclaims, "She’s found her Gary Cooper!" Someone asks, "Where\'s Titta?" "Titta’s gone away!" cries Ovo, as Gradisca drives off with her carabiniere to the tune of the blind accordion player.'] ['Joel is a writer who, after a hiking accident at a mountain, must struggle with paralysis. At the same time, he carries a relationship with a married woman, with whom he was having an affair at the time of the accident. The lovers attempt to carry on their affair during his emotional and difficult rehabilitation as a paraplegic.'] ["Terry Randall  moves into the Footlights Club,Inspired by the real-life Rehearsal Club, according to Robert Osborne, host of Turner Classic Movies a theatrical rooming house in New York. Her polished manners and superior attitude make her no friends among the rest of the aspiring actresses living there, particularly her new roommate, flippant, cynical dancer Jean Maitland . From Terry's expensive clothing and her photograph of her elderly grandfather, Jean assumes she has obtained the former from her sugar daddy, just as fellow resident Linda Shaw  has from her relationship with influential theatrical producer Anthony Powell . In truth however, Terry comes from a very wealthy, upper class, Midwest family. Over the strong objections of her father, Henry Sims , she is determined to try to fulfill her dreams on her own. In the boarding house, Terry's only supporter is aging actress Catherine Luther , who appoints herself Terry's mentor. When Powell sees Jean dancing, he decides to dump Linda. He arranges for Jean and her partner Annie  to get hired for the floor show of a nightclub he partly owns. He then starts dating Jean, who, despite her initial reluctance, starts falling for the man. Meanwhile, well-liked Kay Hamilton  had a great success and rave reviews in a play the year before, but has had no work since, and is running out of money. She clings desperately to the hope of landing the leading role in Powell's new play, Enchanted April. She finally gets an appointment to see Powell, only to have him cancel at the last minute. She faints in the reception area, the result of malnutrition and disappointment. Seeing this, Terry barges into Powell's private office and berates him for his callousness. As a result, the other boarding house residents start to warm to the newcomer. Terry's father secretly finances Enchanted April on condition that Terry be given the starring role. Powell invites Terry to his penthouse to break the news. When Jean shows up unannounced, Terry sees the opportunity to save her friend from the philandering Powell. She pretends that Powell is trying to seduce her. It works. However, it makes things uncomfortable around the boarding house. In addition to Jean's loathing, Terry's landing of the plum part breaks Kay's heart. The totally inexperienced Terry is so horribly bad during rehearsals that Powell tries desperately to get out of his contract with Sims. On opening night, after she learns that the depressed Kay has committed suicide, Terry decides she cannot go on. Catherine tells her that she must, not just for herself, but also for Kay. She does, and gives a heartfelt performance. The play is a hit, much to the chagrin of Terry's father. At her curtain call, Terry gives a speech in tribute to her dead friend and Terry and Jean are reconciled. Terry continues to have success after months in the play, but she continues to board at the Footlight Club to be near her friends."] ['Roshan  accompanies his dying grandmother Annapurna  to their ancestral property in crowded Delhi. Roshan is initially stunned by the mad rush of neighbours: Ali Baig  the renaissance man, feuding brothers Madangopal  and Jaigopal , their wives and families, Mamdu  the halwai, Gobar  the simpleton, Sethji and many others. Roshan eventually warms to the place and wholeheartedly embraces the sense of community. He accompanies his grandmother to the Ramleelas, hangs out at Mamdu\'s sweet stall, plays with the children, and gradually becomes steeped in the culture. Roshan is also slowly exposed to some sobering realities. When Annapurna faints  and they scramble to get her to a hospital, he finds the roads choked by traffic because of an impromptu ceremony around a cow in labour; he is further surprised when his grandmother, despite her stupor, stumbles forth to seek the blessings of a sacred cow; and he is astounded when the local police seem to encourage the practice. Roshan begins to understand the feuds and social issues in the community. Madangopal\'s sister Rama  is unwed  and Jaigopal\'s electrical business is going nowhere. The lecherous old local money lender Lala Bhairam  is married to a young woman who, in turn, is having an affair with a young photo-studio hand Suresh . Suresh is a double timer who is also pursuing Madangopal\'s daughter Bittu . Bittu secretly wants out of the stuck-in-time Old Delhi; she secretly prepares to audition for a popular reality show Indian Idol in the hope that she will win her way to Mumbai. Roshan comes to appreciate Ali Baig\'s cosmopolitan tastes and is surprised to learn that he fancied his mother many years ago and has since never married. And Roshan comes to empathise with the lower-caste trash collector girl Jalebi  who must endure untouchability at social functions except for when some of the brutish locals seek company. Roshan crosses paths with the loutish inspector Ranvijay who blithely stretches his authorities to manhandle the locals and becomes acquainted with the assembly-woman who displays political power at every opportunity. In the meantime, the news media is all abuzz with tales of a fearsome terror known only as the "Kala Bandar" . This miscreant  attacks people, steals and has caused the death of a few innocent people.  Nonetheless, the local news picks up on every move by the kala bandar and loudly blares about all his exploits. Jaigopal, the self-proclaimed electronics genius, theorises that the kala bandar likely has an electrical circuit  and may be electrocuted by water; this rumour is quickly propagated. The film takes several turns. After some initial friction, Roshan and Bittu warm to each other. Roshan intervenes when Bittu is about to receive a prospective suitor arranged by Madangopal. He echoes Bittu\'s desire to pursue other dreams; this drives the suitor away and brings Madangopal\'s wrath upon him. He gradually begins to fall in love with her but is confused when Bittu expresses her affections for Suresh . Around this time, the kala bandar attacks Old Delhi. The simple-minded locals bring in a tantrik Shani baba to exorcise the demonic influence of the kala bandar. After an extended havan ceremony, the tantrik baba, clearly an self-aggrandizing actor who dislikes the inter-religious equality practised in the community, speculates that the local mosque must have been built over the ruins of a temple that was demolished for the purpose. He thus initiates a vicious cycle of animosity in the previously harmonious Hindu-Muslim community. After the initial peaceful demonstrations , a mob goes on rampage and attacks some of the Muslims and their shops. This prompts one Muslim shop-owner, Mamdu, to set fire to the tree temple. Roshan attempts to make peace but is rebuffed because of his mixed religious parentage. The locals ultimately settle on the fact that the kala bandar is hiding out in the sooni galli  and must be destroyed. They command the simpleton Gobar to fetch a lock of hair from the evil enemy so that the tantrik can burn it and complete the exorcism. Roshan becomes aware of Bittu\'s plan to elope with Suresh and that Suresh is a low-life two timer. He dons a monkey mask and outfit and stealthily follows Bittu by leaping across the rooftops. In the meantime Gobar ventures into the sooni galli where Jalebi gives him a lock of her hair so he may return in triumph and bring peace to the community. At that moment, Roshan  intercedes in Bittu and Suresh\'s rendezvous and causes the cowardly Suresh to flee. Bittu raises a loud alarm before Roshan unmasks himself, Roshan tells Bittu he loves her where she also responds to his feelings,the two share a hug, whereupon the angry locals storm the place. Believing Roshan to be the kala bandar, they beat him to within an inch of his life and Mamdu shoots him. Then, Gobar comes up with a startling deduction about the reality of the kala bandar; that the kala bandar is in fact the vices residing inside the people of Delhi 6 and something that the people must defeat within themselves. In the end the neighborhood realizes this and helps Roshan to reach a hospital with the help of an ambulance. But while on the way, Roshan does not respond to the treatment leaving people to believe that he died. In the meanwhile Roshan meets his grandfather  in the terrace of a building in Delhi. Roshan\'s grandfather  reveals that there is a Kala Bandar in his heart and that is why he wanted to ask forgiveness to his mom for not accepting their inter-religious marriage. After that he said he will meet him once again. Roshan responds to his treatment and everyone is happy that he is not dead. The film ends with Roshan understanding the diversity of Delhi 6. During the end credits, the important characters appears before the mirror and reveal their emotions during their days in Delhi 6.'] ['The film consists of two stories that are unrelated and have different actors, titled "Fiction" and "Non-Fiction." "Fiction," starring Selma Blair, is about a group of college students in a creative writing class taught by a professor who has affairs with his students. "Non-Fiction," starring Paul Giamatti and John Goodman, is about the filming of a high school student and his family through the college application process.'] ["As the primarily white town of Delrona Beach, Florida is preparing for its annual festival, one of the parade floats is set afire. A young African-American boy named Terrell is found guilty of the deed, and he is sentenced to community service with a local community theater. An orphan, Terrell is in the care of an elderly relative, Eunice Stokes, who lives in the neighboring, primarily black community of Lincoln Beach. Eunice is being visited by her actress daughter, Desiree, a former beauty queen who left town while she was still in high school. At the time, she caused a scandal because she was pregnant and her parents sent her to live with an aunt in Georgia until the baby came. She has returned to make amends to her mother and also to introduce her new husband, Reggie. While in town, she becomes re-acquainted with her old high-school paramour, Flash, who was a star football player and is now a promoter for a property development scheme. Back in Delrona Beach, Marly Temple runs a motel and cafe owned by her elderly father and drama-instructor mother. Marly feels shackled by the arrangement and is tempted to sell the hotel to developers, but she assumes her father will never agree. Marly wanted to be a marine biologist and was once an underwater performer, but when her twin older brothers died in an accident she reluctantly became her father's heir. Marly must also deal with her former husband, Steve, a slacker who is always looking to make some quick money. Marly additionally has a boyfriend, Scotty, who is struggling to become a golf pro and travel the tour circuit. Marly then becomes romantically involved with Jack, a landscape architect affiliated with the property developers. Offering commentary on the story are a group of golfers, who act as an updated iteration of the Greek chorus."] ['The once-successful steel mills of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, have shut down and most of the employees have been laid off. Former steel workers Gary "Gaz" Schofield and Dave Horsefall have resorted to stealing scrap metal from the abandoned mills to sell. Gaz is facing trouble from his ex-wife, Mandy, over child support payments that he\'s failed to make since losing his job. Gaz\'s son, Nathan, loves his father but wishes they could do more "normal stuff" in their time together. One day, Gaz spots a crowd of women lined up outside a local club to see a Chippendale\'s striptease act. He gets the idea to form his own strip tease group using local men in hopes of making enough money to pay off his child support obligations. The first to join the group is Lomper, a security guard at Harrison\'s, the steel mill where Dave and Gaz once worked. After finally being laid off, Lomper attempts to commit suicide, but is rescued by Dave who convinces him to join the group. Next they recruit Gerald Cooper, a former manager at the plant, who has been hiding from his wife the fact that he\'s been laid off. Gaz and Dave see Gerald and his wife, Linda, at a dance class and recruit him to teach them some actual dance moves. The four men hold an open audition to recruit more members and settle on Horse, an older man who is nevertheless a good dancer, and Guy, who can\'t dance but proves to be well-endowed when he exposes himself to the four men, and even Nathan. When they are approached by local women who have heard of their show, Gaz declares that their show will be better than the Chippendales dancers because they\'ll go "the Full Monty" and remove all their clothes. With not much left to lose, and a sold-out show, the men decide to go for it for one night. Dave, having re-gained his confidence with help from his wife, Jean, joins the rest of the group minutes before they go on stage. However, Gaz himself refuses to do it because there are men in the audience, even when Nathan, who has secretly come, tells him that his ex-wife was there. Nathan later forces his hand and Gaz, proud of his son, performs in front of the audience and Mandy who seems to see him in a new light. The film ends with the group on stage in front of a packed house, stripping to Tom Jones\' version of You Can Leave Your Hat On .'] ['Two determined students at a West Coast university, Arian  and Ernest , at the urging of their idealistic professor, Dr. Malley , attempt to do something important with their lives. They make the bold decision to commission in the army to fight in Afghanistan after graduating from college. Dr. Malley also attempts to reach talented and privileged, but disaffected, student Todd Hayes  who is not at all like Arian and Ernest. He is naturally bright, comes from a privileged background, but has apparently slipped into apathy upon being disillusioned at the present state of affairs. Now, he devotes most of his time to extra-curricular activities like his role as president of his fraternity. Malley tests him by offering a choice between a respectable grade of \'B\' in the class with no additional work required or a final opportunity to re-engage with the material of the class and "do something." Before Todd makes his choice, he must listen to Dr. Malley\'s story of his former students Arian and Ernest and why they are in Afghanistan. Meanwhile, in Washington, D.C., a charismatic Republican presidential hopeful, Senator Jasper Irving , has invited liberal TV journalist Janine Roth  to his office to announce a new war strategy in Afghanistan: the use of small units to seize strategic positions in the mountains  before the Taliban can occupy them. The senator hopes that Roth\'s positive coverage will help convince the public that the plan is sound. Roth has her doubts and fears she is being asked to become an instrument of government propaganda. Near the end of the film, she informs her commercially-minded boss of her plans to call out the senator\'s new strategy for what she feels is a ploy, but is shot down. Ultimately, Irving\'s version of the story is run without the critical interaction. Whether Roth gave in and toed the company line or quit her job is not clear. In Afghanistan, a helicopter carrying Arian and Ernest is hit by Taliban soldiers. Ernest falls out, and Arian jumps after him. Ernest\'s leg is badly wounded, and he suffers a compound fracture, rendering him immobile as the Taliban arrive. After a drawn-out gunfight, the U.S. soldiers run out of ammunition. Rather than getting captured, Arian helps Ernest stand up, facing the enemies and turning their empty weapons against them, an action which prompts the Taliban to kill them. The unit commanders attempt a rescue of the downed soldiers, sending A-10 Warthogs, but the weather, time, and distance interfere. Hayes is then seen watching television with a friend. A reporter is discussing a singer\'s private life, while below runs a strip announcing Senator Irving\'s new military plan for Afghanistan. He suddenly falls quiet, contemplating the choices with which his professor had left him.'] ['David  is a well-known artist who is blocked. He decides to take a job as a waiter to try to find inspiration. His friend and roommate Shannon , a pre-op male-to-female transsexual, stumbles across the Main St. Diner, owned by Matt  and Violet , who are looking for a waiter. David gets hired and quickly becomes close with the couple although they don\'t know of his standing in the art community and are surprised to learn that he\'s gay. David\'s friend Kryla , a columnist for the Winnipeg Tribune, tracks David down at the diner against his wishes. An annoyed David demands that she write up the diner in her column, which she does. The diner\'s business picks up considerably. Shannon, whose sex reassignment surgery has been repeatedly delayed because of her HIV-positive status, begins to become ill. David has a painting installed and Kryla gets his photo in the paper. Matt and Violet see the photo and realize that he\'s famous. David and Matt start hanging out. Matt, who had tried his hand at drawing comic books, pesters David to show him his paintings but David resists. Matt confesses that he had once fallen in love with another man in college although he hadn\'t acted on it. David, finding himself drawn to Matt, paints him nude . He tells Matt that there\'s a painting he needs to see. Matt comes to David\'s place and sees the painting. He becomes aroused and the two begin an affair. David paints two more portraits of Matt, who still doesn\'t actually pose. Kryla and Shannon hail them as his best work and entreat him to exhibit them but Matt, nervous about how Violet would react, makes him promise not to. Each also tells the other that he loves him. They keep the relationship secret, though, especially in the face of the vehement disapproval Kryla expresses to David at the idea of his sleeping with a married man. Kryla soon discovers the affair when she walks in on David and Matt having sex. A panicked Matt tells David that he lied about loving him and flees. In the aftermath of the affair, Shannon convinces David to break his promise and exhibit the paintings. He does so under the title "Straightman." When Matt learns of the show he confronts David, first threatening to destroy the paintings and then offering himself again sexually. David contemptuously dismisses him. Matt tells Violet about the paintings and about the affair and admits that he is in love with David. She demands a divorce. Shannon, who has grown progressively more ill, decides to take her life. As she dies, David runs into Kryla at a bar and they have a bitter fight. Violet attends the opening but merely tells David that the paintings are very good. As she\'s leaving Matt arrives and she refuses to give him another chance. After the opening Matt again approaches David who also rebuffs him. At film\'s end, Violet sells the Main St. Diner and Matt has left town. David has also decided to leave. He and Kryla reconcile.'] ['The film, presumably set in a small town on the New Jersey Shore in the 1950s, tells the story of two Italian immigrant brothers from Abruzzo who own and operate a restaurant called "Paradise." One brother, Primo , is a brilliant, perfectionist chef who chafes under their few customers\' expectations of "Americanized" Italian food. Their uncle\'s offer for them to return to Rome to help with his restaurant is becoming more and more appealing to Primo. The other brother, Secondo , is the restaurant\'s manager, who is enamored of the possibilities presented by their new endeavor and life in America. Despite Secondo\'s efforts and Primo\'s magnificent food, their restaurant is failing. Secondo\'s elusive success as a businessman makes him unable to commit to his girlfriend Phyllis , and he has recently been sleeping with Gabriella , the wife of a competitor. Her husband\'s self-named restaurant, Pascal\'s , has enjoyed great success despite  the mediocre, uninspired food served there. Desperate to keep Paradise afloat, Secondo asks Pascal for a loan. Pascal demurs, repeating a past offer to have the brothers come work for him. This Secondo in turn refuses; he and his brother want their own restaurant. In an apparent display of generosity, Pascal instead insists that he will persuade Louis Prima to dine at Paradise when he comes to town, assuming the celebrity jazz singer\'s patronage will revitalize the brothers\' business. Primo and Secondo plunge themselves into preparations for this "big night", spending their last savings on the food and inviting dozens of people  to join them in a magnificent feast centered around a timpano . Primo pours his heart into each dish, lavishing care and great expertise on the cooking. As they wait for Prima and his entourage to arrive, the crowd indulges in the exquisite food and partakes in a fabulous celebration. Hours pass, however, and it becomes apparent that the famous singer is not coming. Phyllis catches Secondo and Gabriella kissing and runs away to the beach. At Gabriella\'s insistence, Pascal admits that he never even called Louis Prima, thus ending the party. Secondo follows Phyllis to the beach where they have a final quarrel. Primo and Secondo have a fiery, heartwrenching argument, chafing at their mutual differences. In the wee hours of the morning, Pascal admits to Secondo that he set the brothers up for failure; not as revenge for Secondo\'s affair with Gabriella but because then the brothers would have no choice but to either return to Italy or work for Pascal. Secondo denies him, saying they will never work for him. The film closes with an uninterrupted, nearly wordless long take: as dawn breaks, Secondo silently cooks an omelette. When it is done, he divides it among three plates, giving one to Cristiano , their waiter, and eating one himself. Primo hesitantly enters: Secondo hands him the last plate. They eat without speaking, but lay their arms across one another\'s shoulders as they do so.'] ['Doctor Otternschlag , a disfigured veteran of World War I and a permanent resident of the Grand Hotel in Berlin, wryly observes, "People come and go. Nothing ever happens," after which a great deal transpires. Baron Felix von Geigern , who squandered his fortune and supports himself as a card player and occasional jewel thief, befriends Otto Kringelein , a meek accountant who, having discovered he is dying, has decided to spend his remaining days in the lap of luxury. Kringelein\'s former employer, industrialist General Director Preysing , is at the hotel to close an important deal, and he hires stenographer Flaemmchen  to assist him. She aspires to be an actress and shows Preysing some magazine photos for which she posed, implying she is willing to offer him more than typing if he is willing to help advance her career. Another guest is Russian ballerina Grusinskaya , whose career is on the wane. She is high strung and seemingly on the verge of a breakdown and utters the famous line "I want to be alone." When the Baron is in her room to steal her jewelry and she returns from the theatre, he hides in her room and overhears her as she talks to herself in despair about wanting to end it all, holding a vial of medication in her hand. He comes out of hiding and engages her in conversation, and Grusinskaya finds herself attracted to him. The following morning, a repentant Baron returns Grusinskaya\'s jewels, but she is able to forgive his crime. Instead, she invites him to accompany her to Vienna, an offer he accepts. The Baron joins Kringelein and Flaemmchen at the hotel bar, and she cajoles the ailing man into dancing with her. Preysing interrupts them and imperiously demands she join him. Irritated by his former employer\'s coarse behavior, Kringelein - who is aware of Preysing\'s many swindles - tells him what he thinks of him. Surprised by his uncharacteristic audacity, Preysing attacks Kringelein and the two men must be separated. The Baron is desperate for money to pay his way out of the criminal group he had been working with. He and Kringelein decide to get a card game going, and Kringelein wins everything, and then becomes intoxicated. When he drops his wallet, the Baron locates and quietly stashes it in his jacket pocket, intending to keep the winnings for himself. However, after Kringelein begins to frantically search for his lost belongings, the Baron - who desperately needs the money but has become very fond of Kringelein - pretends to have suddenly discovered the wallet and returns it to him.  As part of a current desperate merger plan, Preysing must travel to London, and he asks Flaemmchen to accompany him. Later, when the two are in her room, which opens on to his, Preysing sees the shadow of the Baron rifling through his belongings. He confronts the Baron; the two struggle, and Preysing bludgeons the Baron with the telephone, killing him. Flaemmchen comes in and sees what happened and tells Kringelein, who confronts Preysing. He insists he acted in self-defense, but Kringelein summons the police and Preysing is arrested. Grusinskaya departs for the train station, fully expecting to find the Baron waiting for her there. Meanwhile, Kringelein offers to take care of Flaemmchen, who suggests they go to Paris and seek a cure for his illness. As they leave the hotel, Doctor Otternschlag once again observes, "Grand Hotel. People come and go. Nothing ever happens."'] ['The film starts with Jim  ending his first year at college. Jim begins to have sex with one of his college friends as "friendly goodbye sex" when he reveals that this is his "first time since his first time". After appearing extremely clueless in front of the girl, it is revealed that Jim\'s Dad  plans to surprise his son with a six pack of beer when he goes to pick him up from school. Jim\'s Dad has the RA unlock the door and he inadvertently walks in on them. Instead of leaving, Jim\'s Dad begins to try and rationalize the moment by declaring that it is perfectly natural when the young girl\'s parents and Jim\'s Mom walk in as well. After this, Jim, Kevin , Oz ([[Chris Klein  and Finch  return to their hometown in East Great Falls, Michigan for the summer break after their first year of college. They attend a party hosted by Stifler , the oversexed college clown, but not only does their new status as college students not give them any success with local girls, the police shut down the party. Kevin also has problems when he meets Vicky  after their year away from each other; Vicky wants to be friends and Kevin is awkwardly positioned wanting her back, but worried he will lose her completely. Desperate, he calls his brother  for advice, who tells him to move down to the beach and party hard. Together, they set off for a rented house by the beach in Grand Harbor, Michigan, where they intend to spend the whole summer, but Kevin is forced to invite Stifler along as well in order to successfully cover the costs. After arriving in Grand Harbor, Kevin finds them work as painters and decorators for a house nearby. Stifler is intrigued by the two sexy female owners , who appear to be lesbians, and excitedly breaks into their house while they\'re away. Jim and Finch follow him, trying to get him out, but they are caught by the girls, who relent on calling the police. But after Stifler identifies his interest in their sexuality, they insist on the boys performing "like for like" homosexual acts on each other in return for being able to watch the girls do the same thing. Oz and Kevin take turns watching up a ladder and listening on the walkie-talkie also in the room. The conversation is accidentally picked up and heard by many other people in the neighborhood . Following this, the boys plan to throw a huge summer party at the house, bigger than anything they\'ve done before. Many concurrent stories run at the same time in the run-up to the party. Nadia , Jim\'s fling from senior year, is traveling the United States and is dropping by to attend the beach party. Jim asks for sexual help and advice from band geek Michelle Flaherty , his senior-year prom date, who is busy at band camp. While masquerading as a band camp member, the team leaders mistake him for Petey, a mentally-challenged trombone player, and usher him onto the stage in front of an impatient crowd. He proceeds to completely embarrass himself and the band members in front of the whole crowd. Later at night, Jim decides to turn on a porn film that Stifler rented, but accidentally uses superglue instead of lubricant to masturbate, permanently gluing his entire hand to his penis and boxer shorts. Exasperated and anxious, he takes out the porn cassette but ends up bonding the cassette to his other hand. Unable to open any doors, he climbs out of a window and stumbles onto the rooftop where he is seen by a nosy neighbor and subsequently caught by confused police officers. He is supported at the hospital by his father, where he learns the news that he won\'t be able to have sex for at least a whole week, the same amount of time before the party is due to occur. However, to Jim\'s horror, Nadia turns up early, having got bored of sightseeing. Jim\'s penis is still badly injured, so he pretends to be in a relationship with Michelle to put Nadia off. Jim and Michelle break the relationship off once he is ready to have sex with Nadia, but Michelle is saddened by it, having developed genuine feelings for Jim. Meanwhile, Oz is lonely and missing his girlfriend Heather  who is away in Spain. They start having erotic phone sex to vent some of their frustration, but keep getting interrupted, first when Oz gets a wrong number call from a guy who barely understands English, and then when Stifler intervenes by amusing Heather, at which point they both decide to hang up. Finch has become involved in the sexual art of Tantra , and claims that through Tantric sex, he can "make an orgasm last for days". He is waiting patiently for Stifler\'s mom , who slept with him at the end of the first film, hoping she will show up and be willing to do it again. He thinks she is arriving when a vehicle turns up after Stifler is talking on the phone, but it turns out to be Stifler\'s little brother Matt , the star of later films. He spends the party night obnoxiously attempting to chat up and seduce a few girls, but he does not sleep with any of them. Finally, the party begins at the beach house. Kevin sees Vicky but is crushed when he sees her with a new boyfriend and leaves to go to the beach by himself. Oz, Finch, and Jim follow him down, where he confides in them that he never got over Vicky and that with the party, he was hoping to relive his senior year prom night, in particular, sleeping with Vicky at the end of it. The others help Kevin realize that it will never happen, and the quartet return to the beach house to party hard. Heather turns up to Oz\'s delight, and Stifler goes on to have a threesome with the beautiful neighbors who turn out not to be lesbians after all. Jim takes a walk along the beach with Nadia, who takes him to a lighthouse on the pier, but Jim calls it off early, revealing that he has fallen for Michelle. Nadia is disappointed that Jim chose a geek over her, but is happy for Jim and allows him to go and find Michelle, performing at band camp. He gatecrashes the performance with a trombone, just like he did before, but with much more confidence and aggression, and romantically makes out with Michelle in front of a heartwarmed crowd. Meanwhile, the geeky Sherman ([[Chris Owen  mulls around at the party in a depressed mood, having abandoned his "Sherminator" mantra from the first film due to his abject failure with girls and being made fun of by Jessica . By chance, he begins talking to the rejected Nadia, who is also depressed, and the two hit it off almost instantly. Nadia encourages Sherman to become the Sherminator once more, displaying a desire/fetish for geeks, and excitedly drags him into an upstairs bedroom where Sherman finally loses his virginity, to the shock of Stifler. Then the couples are shown to be sleeping. First Oz along with Heather, then Jim with Michelle  and finally Stifler lying in the bed with two girls, where he starts to weep with happiness at his achievement. The morning after the party, a Mercedes-Benz C215 with tinted windows turns up at the house. Finch approaches to see Stifler\'s mom  who has finally turned up. It does not take long before Finch gets into the car and drives off to the lakeside to have hard sex with her, leaving Jim, Kevin and Oz to cover for him with Stifler. In spite of Finch having learned that her name is Jeanine, rather than use it she encourages him to call her "Stifler\'s Mom" when he reaches orgasm.'] ['The film is set in Venice Beach, California, and it centers on four young people in the midst of romantic entanglements. The actress Susan  is in love with the video producer Gil , but he is in love with the model Toya . However, Toya is in love with the bodybuilder Ken . But Ken has his eyes on Susan.TV Guide Online review'] ["In 1998 Danny, Mitch, Gil and Rory, formerly known as long-forgotten, early 80's one-hit wonder The Suburbans, reunite to perform their only hit single at one of the band members' wedding. After the gig Cate, an up-and-coming record company executive, approaches them and suggests to shoot a pay per view reunion show that would eventually re-establish the band's claim to fame. The four, more reluctantly than not, agree and subsequently face the ramifications on their personal lives as the show's production contrasts their former rock 'n' roll image with their now middle-class, suburban life style. It soon becomes evident that Cate is probably the only remaining fan of the band, who, out of a personal interest in the matter, put her own career at stake."] ["When Annie Clarke's husband John dies from leukaemia at an early age, her close friend Chris Harper, anxious to purchase a comfortable sofa for the visitors lounge in the hospital where he was treated, hits upon the idea of printing a calendar featuring some of the members of the Knapely chapter of the Women's Institute discreetly posing nude while engaged in everyday activities, such as baking and knitting, in order to raise funds. Her proposal initially is met with great skepticism, but she eventually convinces ten women to participate in the project with her. They enlist one of the hospital workers, an amateur photographer named Lawrence, to help them with the concept. The head of the local Women's Institute chapter refuses to sanction the calendar, and Chris and Annie go to a national congress of the Women's Institute in London to plead their case. They are told the final decision rests with the local leader, who grudgingly agrees to the calendar's sale. The initial printing quickly sells out, and before long the tiny village is bombarded with members of the international media anxious to report the feel-good story. The women are invited to appear on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno in Los Angeles. While there, tensions arise between Chris and Annie. All the publicity surrounding the calendar has taken a toll on their personal lives, and they lash out at each other in angry frustration. Annie accuses Chris of ignoring her husband and son and the demands of the family business in favour of her newfound celebrity, while Chris believes Annie welcomes the Mother Teresa-like status to which she's been elevated that allows her to cater to the ill and bereaved who have bombarded her with fan mail. All is resolved eventually, and the women return home to resume life as it was before they removed their clothing."] ['The film tells the story of a group of people during the summer: football fans, loving couples, single fathers, beautiful women and businessmen, emigrants who return to their country and great dramatic actors forced into comic situations etc.'] ['Fabrizio Barbetti  and Lisa Pinzoni  are two remarried doctors who, since divorce, have been simply unable to get along with each other. They hate one another to such an extent that they argue and fight in public, even on television, but their lives as a divorced couple are going to change as they establish, with their respective new partners, to spend their Christmas holidays in Gstaad, Switzerland. Here, after a difficult start, the two end up falling again for each other and begin planning to make their partners do so as well, so that they can end their current relationships and start a new life together. However, they ignore that Angela  and Gabriele  have been cheating on them for a year and are already in a relationship. In fact, the vacation was planned by them in order to make Fabrizio and Lisa want to get back together.'] ["Set in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1959, Diner tells the story of a group of male high school friends, now in their twenties, who reunite for the wedding of one of their group. The title refers to the diner that was located at Reisterstown Road and Rogers Avenue, Baltimore, the group's late-night hangout . The semi-autobiographical film explores the changing relationships among these friends as they become adults through what is mostly a series of vignettes rather than a traditional narrative. Levinson encouraged improvisation among his cast to capture naturalistic camaraderie."] ['Cries and Whispers takes place in a lavish mansion in the 1800s, filled with red carpets and white statuary. It depicts the final days of Agnes , who is near death with cancer. Her sisters Maria  and Karin  have returned to the family home to be with her. They remain distant and awkward, and struggle to comfort their sister, while dealing with the shock and the fear of mortality her death is bringing to them. The deeply religious maid Anna , whose own daughter died young, is able to comfort her. At length, Agnes dies, and a priest  arrives at her death bed. Later in the film she returns to life for a short moment. In a dream-like sequence, she asks her family for love and care. For a moment, Karin, Maria and the dead Agnes get closer to each other, only to be even more distant shortly afterwards. Only Anna is able to embrace and mourn the dead. The film is characterized by flashbacks that visit the protagonists\' lives and their memories, tracing each woman\'s personality to the childhood they spent together. Maria remembers her failed marriage; Agnes remembers her unrequited devotion to their distant mother; Karin struggles with self-harm. She performs an act of self-mutilation on her sexual organs to disturb and drive away her husband. The last flashback, from the deceased Agnes\' point of view, is narrated through her diary, and shows her sisters descending upon the house clad in white, like angels. The last words are Agnes whispering "Come what may, this is happiness. I cannot wish for anything better. Now, for a few minutes, I can experience perfection. And I feel profoundly grateful to my life, which gives me so much."'] ['A long-running live radio show is in danger of being canceled by new owners of the company that holds both radio station "WLT" and the theater where the show is broadcast. The film takes place on the night of the show\'s last performance. The show has two visitors: an angel calling herself Asphodel  comes to comfort the people who work on the show and to escort one of them to the afterlife, while "the Axeman" , a representative of the new owners, arrives to judge whether the show should be canceled. He makes it clear that the show is not what he considers modern popular programming, and though he too is escorted by the angel, the show is shut down anyway. In an epilogue at the end of the film the former cast members are reunited at Mickey\'s Diner. Their conversation pauses as they are joined by Asphodel, leaving the implication that she has arrived for another Some reviewers interpreted this visit to signify that death was awaiting all the show\'s former cast. of their number.'] ['After the surrender of Singapore in World War II, a unit of British soldiers is marched to a Japanese prison camp in western Thailand. They are paraded before the camp commandant, Colonel Saito , who informs them of his rules; all prisoners, regardless of rank, are to work on the construction of a bridge over the River Kwai to carry a new railway line to invade Burma. Their commander, Lt. Colonel Nicholson , reminds Saito that the Geneva Conventions exempt officers from manual labour. At the following morning’s parade, Nicholson orders his officers to remain behind when the enlisted men head off to work. Saito slaps him hard across the face with his copy of the conventions and threatens to have them shot, but Nicholson refuses to back down. When Major Clipton , the British medical officer, intervenes, Saito leaves the officers standing all day in the intense tropical heat. That evening, the officers are placed in a punishment hut, while Nicholson is locked in ‘the oven’, an iron box, without food or water. Clipton attempts to secure Nicholson\'s release, but Nicholson refuses to compromise. Meanwhile, the prisoners are working as little as possible and sabotaging whatever they can. Saito is concerned because, should he fail to meet his deadline, he would be obliged to commit seppuku . Using the anniversary of Japan\'s great victory in the 1905 Russo-Japanese War as an excuse to save face, he gives in, and Nicholson and his officers are released. Nicholson conducts an inspection and is shocked by what he finds. Against the protests of some of his officers, he orders Captain Reeves  and Major Hughes ([[John Boxer  to design and build a proper bridge, despite its military value to the Japanese, for the sake of his men\'s morale. The Japanese engineers had chosen a poor site, so the original construction is abandoned and a new bridge is begun 400 yards downstream. Meanwhile, three prisoners attempt to escape. Two are shot dead, but United States Navy Commander Shears , gets away, although badly wounded. After many days, Shears eventually stumbles into a village, whose people help him to escape by a boat. Shears is enjoying his recovery at the Mount Lavinia Hospital at Ceylon , when Major Warden  asks him to volunteer for a commando mission to destroy the bridge. Shears is horrified at the idea and reveals that he is not an officer at all. He was an enlisted man on the cruiser USS Houston. He switched uniforms with the dead Commander Shears after the sinking of their ship to get better treatment. Warden already knows this and has had "Shears" reassigned to British duty. Faced with the prospect of being charged with impersonating an officer, Shears has no choice but to volunteer; Warden gives him the "simulated rank of major". Meanwhile, Nicholson drives his men, even volunteering to have them work harder to complete the bridge on time. For Nicholson, its completion will exemplify the ingenuity and hard work of the British Army for generations. When he asks that their Japanese counterparts join in as well, a resigned Saito replies that he has already given the order. The commandos parachute in, although one is killed in a bad landing. The other three—Warden, Shears, and Canadian Lieutenant Joyce —reach the river with the assistance of Siamese women porters and their village chief, Khun Yai. Warden is wounded in an encounter with a Japanese patrol, and has to be carried on a litter. The trio reach the bridge in time and plant explosives underwater under cover of darkness. A train carrying soldiers and important dignitaries is scheduled to be the first to use the bridge the following afternoon, so Warden plans to destroy both at the same time. However, by dawn the water level has dropped, exposing the wire connecting the explosives to the detonator. Making a final inspection, Nicholson spots the wire and brings it to Saito\'s attention to the consternation of the commando team. As the train is heard approaching, Nicholson, with Saito in tow, hurries down to the riverbank to investigate. Joyce, hiding with the detonator, breaks cover and stabs Saito to death; Nicholson yells for help, while attempting to stop Joyce from reaching the detonator. Shears and Warden yell for Joyce to kill Nicholson, but Joyce is shot by Japanese fire. Shears then swims across the river to fulfill the mission, but is shot just before he reaches Nicholson. Recognising the dying Shears, Nicholson exclaims: "What have I done?" Warden fires his mortar, mortally wounding Nicholson. The dazed colonel stumbles towards the detonator and falls on it as he dies, just in time to blow up the bridge and send the train hurtling into the river below. As he witnesses the carnage, Clipton shakes his head uttering: "Madness!... Madness!"'] ['Manna From Heaven is a comedic fable about what happens when you get a gift from God , but many years later you find out it was a just a loan and it\'s due immediately. Once upon a time, many years ago, a neighborhood in Buffalo, NY is mysteriously showered with 20 dollar bills. Theresa, a young girl who everyone thinks is a saint, doesn\'t have much trouble convincing her loose-knit "family" that the money is a gift from Heaven. Years later, Theresa, who has become a nun, has an epiphany that it is time to pay the money back, so she calls the eccentric group together to repay the "loan." The problem is, nobody wants to give back the money, nobody has the money, they don\'t know to whom it belongs, and most of them can\'t stand each other. Along the way, the characters learn about family, romance, reconciliation and redemption, and by working together they begin to realize their full potential.'] ['Eight intellectual friends - four men and four women from the Department of History at the Université de Montréal - prepare to have dinner together. The ensuing conversations range from their professional lives to politics, but primarily concern their sexual exploits. The group has plans to gather at a secluded house for dinner. While the four men prepare the food and reflect on their promiscuity, the four women discuss their own affairs at a nearby gym. At the dinner table, conflicts soon arise when Dominique reveals that she herself has had affairs with two of the men there, one of whom is married to Louise .'] ["Bleak Moments looks at the 'tortured, semi-articulated anguish' in suburban South Norwood, between Sylvia, and her retarded sister Hilda; Sylvia's friend at work, Pat; a teacher, Peter, Sylvia's reticent, prospective boy-friend; and Norman, a 'gormless hippie'."] ['Fotoula "Toula" Portokalos  is going through an early midlife crisis. At thirty, she is the only woman in her family who has "failed". Her family expects her to "marry a Greek boy, make Greek babies, and feed everyone until the day she dies." Instead, Toula is stuck working in the family business, a restaurant, "Dancing Zorba\'s". In contrast to her "perfect" sister, Athena , Toula is frumpy and cynical. She fears she\'s doomed to be stuck with her life as it is. At the restaurant, she briefly sees Ian Miller, a handsome school teacher. This event, combined with an argument with her overly-patriotic father, Gus - who merely wants his daughter to marry and settle down rather than pursue a career - motivates her to begin taking computer classes at a local college. She also gets contact lenses, wears her hair curly, and begins to use makeup. Maria, her mother, and her aunt Voula  then contrive a way to get Gus to allow her to work at Voula\'s travel agency. Toula feels much better in her new job, especially when she notices Ian hanging around looking at her through the window. They finally introduce themselves and begin dating. Toula keeps the relationship secret from her family until some weeks later when Gus finds out. He throws a fit because Ian is not Greek and orders Toula to end the relationship, but Ian and Toula continue to see each other against Gus\'s wishes. Ian proposes marriage to her, she accepts. Gus is hurt and infuriated, feeling his daughter has betrayed him, and Ian agrees to be baptized in the Greek Orthodox Church and speak fluent Greek to be worthy of her family. As the year passes, the wedding planning hits snag after snag as Toula\'s numerous relatives "helpfully" interfere. Her father insists on inviting the entire church to the ceremony, her mother orders the invitations but misspells Ian\'s parents\' names, and Toula\'s cousin Nikki  orders tacky bridesmaids\' dresses. Toula is horrified to learn that her parents invited the entire family to what was meant to be a "quiet" dinner, and the Millers, not used to such cultural fervor, are overwhelmed. The wedding day dawns with liveliness and hysteria, but the traditional wedding itself goes without a hitch. Gus gives a speech accepting Ian and the Millers as family and buys the newlyweds a house right next door to him. An epilogue shows the new couple\'s life six years later in which they have a daughter, Paris, whom they raise in the Greek style, but Toula tells her she can marry anyone she wants when she grows up after she says she wants to go to Brownies instead of Greek school.'] ['Aspiring designer Miu Ho is hired as a "Lingerie Researcher", and is given the task of finding out how lingerie makes the woman, or in some cases, the other way around. After her aunt Lara unexpectedly passes away, Miu and her cousin Donut inherit a spacious, fully furnished apartment filled with designer lingerie. The two girls live upstairs from Celine, a gold digging flight attendant who has had items of underwear stolen by a mysterious thief, and after reporting the incident to the authorities becomes involved with part time police officer James Shum. Donut works in a lingerie shop, and is involved with a much older married man, Henry, who buys her a pink bra as his first gift. Bargirl CC is a customer at Donut\'s shop, and after meeting Harvard student Eugene believes that she may have found true love. Still a virgin, Miu is determined not to end up like her unmarried aunt Lara, and resolves to find her first love. Her new colleagues warn her about the office lothario, marketing manager Lucas, but after a failed attempt to bed her the two instead become friends. Lucas tries to teach Miu how to attract men, which leads to a number of encounters with potential suitors, including sperm bank worker CY and writer Jack Dee. Eventually she ends up in a relationship with "Prince" Antonio, the narcissistic heir to her company, but an increasingly jealous Lucas realises that his feelings for Miu are genuine after all.'] ['A group of soldiers led by Maj. Baker  is ordered to investigate a basement level station which they believed was attacked. After Baker contacts his commander, General Slater , they begin to investigate who drove a civilian van into the base. It is revealed to be owned by a scientist named Dr. Bradford Crane . Slater orders two choppers to check for a black mass , and they are sent out of the sky.'] ['A group of seven college friends reunite after six years for a wedding. Things go awry when the maid of honor, Laura,  and the bride, Lila , clash over the groom, Tom , with whom Laura was once romantically involved. As Laura, Lila, and Tom all try to decipher their emotions, the film explores all of the relationships of people in and around the circle of friends that met those years ago.'] ["Summary: This movie is about four pairs who meet accidentally in a Mumbai bar called Mumbai Salsa and get hooked on each other for life. It captures the urban qualities of life and love. Maya Chandhok lives a wealthy lifestyle in Delhi along with her parents. Refusing to buckle down to her mother's demands to get married, she re-locates to Kolkata, obtains her MBA, and then goes to reside in Mumbai where she gets a job in a bank, and shares a flat with two room-mates, Zenobia and Neha. She meets with Sanjay and both fall in love. Then one day he dramatically and publicly dumps her. A few days later she meets with Rajeev Sharma, who is heartbroken after his fiancée, Pooja, dumped him to re-locate to America, and both are attracted to each other. She is delighted when he proposes to her, but her delight turns sour when he asks her to re-locate with him to Singapore, drop her career, and be a home-maker for the rest of her life. Maya must now make up her mind amidst chaos and heartbreak that also threaten to tear apart lives of both Neha and Zenobia, who are also dating Rajeev's friends, Karan Kapoor and Shaji, while conservative Tyagraj, Rajeev's pal, struggles with his feelings about a much liberated Caucasian co-worker, Pamela."] ['Set in Berlin, the film opens in 1987 to show a group of radicals battling police but soon moves to the modern day to present the same radical characters brought together once more by an act they carried out in their anti-establishment heyday. In 1987, the main characters of the film are anarchists squatting in an abandoned building in Kreuzberg and making propaganda films. In one of these films, they demonstrate how to make a homemade bomb out of a pressure cooker and chemicals available over the counter, and they plant the bomb in a vacant villa in Grunewald. However, the timer sticks, and the bomb does not go off until 12 years later, when it is jostled by a real estate broker and a potential buyer. They are injured in the blast, and the police are pressured to hunt down the "terrorists" responsible. Two of the original anarchists, Tim  and Hotte , still live in the original building and engage in anti-police graffiti, anti-gentrification protests and petty theft. The current owner of the building, a nouveau riche Turk named Bülent, cannot evict them, because Hotte is disabled, having lost his legs.  While Tim is out, the police raid the building in a sweep for clues to the bombing and confiscate their cache of old films, including the incriminating bomb-making film. They cart the films off to the fortresslike police headquarters, a former Prussian military barracks. One by one, Tim and Hotte visit the former members of their group to warn them of the bust. They are distressed by the news, having gone on with their lives: Nele  is a single mother of two young children; "Terror"  is an attorney; Maik  runs an advertising agency that exploits radical imagery; and Flo , Tim\'s former lover, has evidently gone bourgeois, although her circumstances are never fully explained, and is about to get married. They balk when Tim and Hotte propose breaking into the police headquarters and destroying the evidence, but Terror\'s counter-suggestion that they should turn themselves in is met with even stronger disagreement, and finally the former radicals devise the plan of infiltrating the headquarters by pretending to be a television news crew. A rift within the police department makes their plan possible: Manowsky , an old-school Berlin cop, wants to use aggressive tactics and avoid press coverage, while Henkel , a technocrat from Bonn, prefers more modern, less intrusive methods and is eager to earn good public relations for the department. Henkel gives the "TV crew" a tour of the police headquarters, including the evidence room where the films are stashed. Manowsky interrupts the tour, and the former radicals barely manage to slip away. To destroy the films, the radicals decide to smuggle a second homemade bomb into the evidence room as a Trojan horse: all the evidence is stored alphabetically according to the street where it was found, so they need only plant the bomb in a suspicious-looking crate in their old building and entice the police into picking it up. What the other radicals do not know is that Hotte intends to smuggle himself into the evidence room inside the crate along with the bomb, to make sure it\'s placed correctly. Hotte, without his wheelchair , is trapped in the evidence room when the emergency exit door is jammed. Frantically, he uses the phone in the room to call his compatriots, but they are all away from their phones. In desperation he calls Bülent, who at that moment is trying to talk Tim into abandoning their apartment and accepting a payoff for their few remaining goods. Tim rushes to Hotte\'s aid. The others eventually get Hotte\'s message and come to rescue him as well, but meanwhile, Manowsky intercepts Hotte and Tim in the evidence room. After a taunting lecture on their inability to let go of past ideals, Manowsky prepares to arrest the two, but the others arrive just in time to distract him. Tim seizes Manowsky\'s handcuffs and shackles him to the evidence cage. He threatens to leave the bomb in Manowsky\'s lap, but the others persuade him not to commit outright murder. Tim tosses Manowsky the handcuff keys, and the radicals flee as an alarm sounds. Pursued by police through the headquarters, the former radicals stumble upon a water cannon and use it to drive back the police and escape. As Manowsky and Henkel observe their flight, Henkel confidently predicts that the evidence will lead to their capture. However, Manowsky{{spaced ndash}}moved by the radicals\' compassion, by his annoyance with Henkel and by reflection on his own long-held ideals{{spaced ndash}}has left the bomb in the evidence room, and it destroys the evidence. The group of friends walk through the streets of Berlin and end up on the floor of a subway car. Tim then pulls the incriminating film out of his bag, holds a lighter to it, and asks aloud: "What do you do if there\'s a fire?", and the friends answer, "Let it burn!" The film contains mild nudity, mild drug use, and mature language.'] ["This is a story about the breakup of the family. In particular, it focuses on the lifestyle of three divorced men in the Los Angeles area, Dave Goldman , wrestling coach/driver's ed teacher Vic Damico , and real estate agent Donny Carson . The film is presented from their perspective and it reveals their relationships with their children, ex-wives, girlfriends, male friendships, and their identities as divorced men. In addition to dealing with divorce, the film touches on spousal loss and young adult homelessness."] ['A kidnapping goes down in 1934 Kansas City. Blondie O\'Hara\'s petty thief husband Johnny is taken by gangster "Seldom Seen" and held prisoner at the Hey Hey Club, one of the hot spots of the Kansas City jazz scene. Blondie herself kidnaps Mrs. Stilton, the wife of a local politician, played by Michael Murphy. She wishes to blackmail the man into helping to free Johnny. Despite the risk to his re-election campaign, Mr. Stilton does everything he can in order to free his wife by saving Johnny. Meanwhile, Mrs. Stilton comes to befriend Blondie. She is impressed by Blondie\'s devotion to her husband, contrasted to her own loveless marriage.'] ['May-Alice Culhane, a New York daytime soap opera actress, is left paralyzed after an accident on her way to getting her legs waxed, which she finds ironic. As the film opens, she lies in a hospital bed, confused and scared, watching her own show on TV and shrieking, "That was supposed to be my close-up!" With no other options, she returns to her family\'s old and empty home in Louisiana, where she drinks hard, offends every caregiver and wallows in self-pity. Her outlook begins to change with the arrival of Chantelle, a nurse with her own life problems. The two gradually find a heartfelt connection with each other, and as a result, their lives subtly change.'] ["Typical of Arriaga's works, this film is told in a non-linear narrative, where events are revealed out of sequence. The following plot summary is in chronological order, and thus does not reflect the exact sequence of the events as seen on screen. The story starts off some time in the mid-90's in a small New Mexico town near the border of Mexico, where we are introduced to Gina , a wife and mother to four children. Gina carries out an affair with a local man named Nick Martinez , who also has a family of his own, but unbeknownst to the two, Gina's teenage daughter Mariana  finds out about their love affair. Mariana follows her mother to Nick's trailer. Knowing the two are inside and in an effort to make them end their affair, she disassembles the gas pipe leading into the trailer, and sets it on fire. The flames eventually reach a gas tank that causes a fiery explosion, consuming the entire trailer and claiming both Nick and Gina's lives, although she had no intention of killing either of them. After their funeral, Mariana and Nick's own teenage son, Santiago , slowly begin to develop a relationship of their own. Mariana soon becomes aware that she is pregnant with Santiago's daughter. The two flee to Mexico amid disapproval from their families and decide to have the baby there, but after she has delivered their daughter, Mariana abandons her family and assumes the new name of Sylvia. Over a decade later, Sylvia  works at a high-end Portland restaurant. Despite her success, she resorts to promiscuity and has persistent thoughts of suicide. Here we see a mysterious figure following her around which was later connected to the crop dusting scene as a co-worker and close friend of the older Santiago. After an accident on a plane, the hospitalized Santiago urged Carlos to look for Sylvia who he's been searching for since she left their two-day old baby. Because Carlos  didn't speak English and Sylvia didn't speak Spanish, he couldn't explain to her the purpose of his visit. Instead, he surprised Sylvia with her now twelve year old daughter, Maria . Maria, who was reluctant to meet her estranged mother, was heartbroken when her mother abruptly left the scene. Sylvia, realizing later she made a mistake, enlisted the help of her friend, Laura, to search and finally found Carlos and Maria in a motel where they shut her out. Refusing to give up, Sylvia and Laura  booked a room across the way and Sylvia took her opportunity to reunite with her daughter as Carlos was packing up their car to leave. Sylvia managed to get through to Maria and agreed to go back to Mexico with them where she was confronted with more of her past, and with a heavily medicated Santiago. There, in private, she confessed to him her past crime of killing their parents, afraid that he wouldn't make it. She returned with Maria to the home that was revealed in the last scene as the home she had briefly shared with Santiago before kissing her newborn baby goodbye. In Maria's room alone, she saw a picture of a happy toddler Maria and the young Santiago--evidence of a good father. More important, there was a framed picture of her young self on the wall--the very picture that Santiago had asked for when they first started their courtship. Realizing her mistake, Sylvia ask for her daughter's forgiveness the next day. Even though Maria did not respond, she had included her mother at the hospital minutes later as she was approaching the room of her father, who was successfully recovering from surgery. In this last scene, we see Sylvia, actually the older Mariana, finally smiling and finally being able to face her past with a sense of hope for a happy future with Santiago and Maria."] ['The theme of romantic despair and shallowness is displayed utilizing a La Ronde-like circle of sexual adventures and failed affairs centered around songwriter Carroll Barber, played by Keith Carradine, which spread out through the city. Barber is an aloof womanizer who cannot commit or love and is used by Alan Rudolph to illustrate the loneliness inherent in big-city life. The film features a continual score by Richard Baskin, present throughout, and features among its cast Sally Kellerman as a lonely real estate agent, Geraldine Chaplin, as a Valley housewife addicted to taxi rides, Lauren Hutton as the mistress of a wealthy man , Sissy Spacek as a southern housekeeper, and Harvey Keitel as a troubled business man. Carradine\'s character is a songwriter of mediocre talent, who is nonetheless supported financially, with enthusiasm, by his wealthy father Denver Pyle. An inveterate womanizer, he has affairs with Kellerman, the real estate agent who found his apartment, and whose husband, a successful businessman, covets their maid . He also beds Chaplin, the wife of Keitel, who is the C.O.O. of his dad\'s successful dairy business. Keitel fancies Kellerman. He also includes his father\'s mistress  among his conquests. Kellerman sends her maid, Spacek, to clean his apartment, which she does "topless." However, despite this, theirs is the only male-female relationship in the film which is platonic, and although weird, in the context of this story, the most "normal."'] ['Five girlfriends in their early twenties live in the dingy port town of Incheon. A close-knit circle in high school, their paths begin to diverge as they step into the adult world. At the center of the group is the beautiful and vain Hae-joo, who dreams of becoming a successful career woman. She leaves Incheon for an apartment in Seoul and a junior position with a brokerage firm. The other girls are left behind in a state of solitude and unease; Tae-hee works for free for her parents and takes dictation from a poet suffering from cerebral palsy and Ji-young seeks a job, while caring for her grandparents in their dilapidated apartment. The twins Bi-ryu and Ohn-jo buffer themselves from change with constant togetherness. The cellular phones ring as the girls coordinate their meetings. A lost cat, Tee tee, enters the lives of these young women, passing from one owner to the next as circumstances pull lives and friends apart and others together.'] ['While oceanographer and documentarian Steve Zissou is working on his latest documentary at sea, his best friend Esteban du Plantier is eaten by a creature Zissou describes as a "Jaguar shark." For his next project, Zissou is determined to document the shark\'s destruction. The crew aboard Zissou\'s research vessel Belafonte includes Pelé dos Santos, a safety expert and Brazilian musician who sings David Bowie songs in Portuguese, and Klaus Daimler, the German second-in-command who viewed Zissou and Esteban as father figures. Minor crew members include Vikram Ray, a Sikh cameraman, described in Zissou\'s film documentary as a man "born on the Ganges"; Bobby Ogata, a frogman who is usually seen eating; Vladimir Wolodarsky, original score composer; Renzo Pietro, screen editor; and Anne-Marie Sakowitz, script girl, who is often topless. "Team Zissou" also includes a pack of unpaid college interns from the fictional University of North Alaska. Ned Plimpton is a polite Southern gentleman whose mother has recently died. He believes that Zissou is his father. After they meet at a film premiere, Ned takes a break from his job as an airline pilot in Kentucky to join Zissou\'s crew. As no one else will finance the latest documentary, Ned agrees to support the new film with his inheritance. A reporter, Jane Winslett-Richardson, comes to chronicle the voyage. She is also pregnant with her married boss\'s child. A rivalry develops between Ned and Zissou, both infatuated with Jane. Klaus also is envious of the attention Zissou pays to Ned. On their mission to find the Jaguar shark, the Belafonte crew has to deal with an attack by pirates. Sakowitz, along with all but one of the interns, jumps ship after the raid. The interns who leave receive "incomplete" grades for the course. The Belafonte crew launches a sneak attack on the pirates to retrieve their money and rescue a "bond company stooge", Bill Ubell, who had been hired by Zissou\'s producer Oseary Drakoulias. They also discover and rescue Zissou\'s nemesis, Alistair Hennessey. Hennessey is successful, suave, and rich, and was once married to Zissou\'s wife Eleanor. While searching for the shark, the ship\'s helicopter crashes, injuring Zissou and fatally injuring Ned. A puzzled Eleanor reveals to Jane that Zissou is actually sterile and therefore Ned could not have been his son. Ned soon dies from his injuries. Zissou finally tracks down the shark but decides not to kill it, both because of its beauty and not having any dynamite. Viewing the shark finally validates an existence that Zissou himself had feared might have become meaningless. Eleanor is moved by this and falls in love with Zissou all over again. The finished documentary is a hit and Zissou wins an award, regaining respect worldwide.'] ['The film is divided into three different \'family\' portraits. The first two take place at roughly the same time.{{cite web}} In part one, restaurateur Mi-ra  is satisfied with her ordered, if solitary, life until her ex-con brother Hyung-chul  suddenly appears with his much older new wife Mu-shin  in tow. Mi-ra reluctantly allows them to stay a time with her at the family home, but friction builds over a short time and with the unexpected arrival of Mu-shin\'s young stepdaughter Chae-hyun, the three adults quickly reach a breaking point. Part two concerns a quick-tempered young woman Sun-kyung  and her relationship with her estranged mother . Sun-kyung\'s resentment toward her mother is exacerbated by an affair the latter is having with a married man . Sun-kyung diligently tries to find employment in Japan, but once her mother dies of cancer, she must care for her young half-brother Gyeong-suk and abandon her expatriation. Part three brings together the first two story lines with the relationship of Chae-hyun  and Gyeong-suk  some years later. Gyeong-suk, now a college student, is extremely jealous of Chae-hyun\'s openness to other men in her life and their compatibility is tested as a result of what he considers her "easy" behavior [her promiscuity is neither confirmed or denied]. The film ends with Gyeong-suk being accepted by Chae-hyun\'s adopted family from part one.'] ["Kym  is released from rehab for a few days so she can go home to attend the wedding of her sister Rachel . At home, the atmosphere is strained between Kym and her family members as they struggle to reconcile themselves with her past and present. Kym's father  shows intense concern for her well-being and whereabouts, which Kym interprets as mistrust. She also resents her sister's choice of her best friend Emma , rather than Kym, to be her maid of honor. Rachel, for her part, resents the attention her sister's drug addiction is drawing away from her wedding, a resentment that comes to a head at the rehearsal dinner, where Kym, amid toasts from friends and family, takes the microphone to offer an apology for her past actions, as part of her twelve-step program. Underlying the family's dynamic is a tragedy that occurred years previously, which Kym retells at a Narcotics Anonymous meeting. As a teenager, Kym was responsible for the death of her young brother Ethan, who was left in her care one day; driving home from a nearby park, an intoxicated Kym had lost control of the car, driving over a bridge and into a lake, where her brother drowned. The day before the wedding, as Rachel, Kym, and the other bridesmaids are getting their hair done, Kym is approached by a man whom she knew from an earlier stint in rehab. He thanks her for the strength she gave him through a story about having been molested by an uncle and having cared for her sister, who was anorexic. Rachel, hearing this, storms out. The story, it turns out, was all a lie &mdash; an apparent attempt by Kym to evade responsibility for her addiction. The sisters' fight comes to a head later that night at their father's house, when Kym comes home. As it turns out, Rachel still blames her for Ethan's death, despite their father's attempt to calm them down. This causes Kym to leave, after eventually admitting to being high while she was a teen. She heads to their mother Abby's house, hoping to find solace with her after a fight with Rachel. However, a fight breaks out between them when Kym learns the truth about her mother also being responsible for Ethan's death. She confronts Abby and demands to know why she left him in her care while she was under the influence instead of leaving him with Rachel. Kym soon realizes that Abby is denying any responsibility she has for his death. She tells her that she was good to Ethan and that Rachel is wrong in accusing her for his death. Once Kym tells her mother that she was also responsible for Ethan's death, Abby is furious and slaps Kym in the face. Furious, Kym hits Abby back and runs off again in her father's car. While driving away, Kym is seen crying because, while she started to accept responsibility for what she has done under the influence, her mother has failed to do the same. This time, Kym intentionally crashes her father's car into a giant rock, and spends the night in the wreck. The next morning, the day of the wedding, Kym is awoken by police. After passing a sobriety test, she gets a ride home. She makes her way to Rachel's room, as Rachel prepares for the wedding. Seeing Kym's bruised face from a fight she had with their mother prompts her anger of the previous night to vanish, and Rachel tenderly bathes and dresses her sister. Amid a festive Indian theme, Rachel and her fiancee are wed. Kym is the maid of honor, and is overcome with emotion as the couple exchanges their vows. Kym tries to enjoy herself throughout the wedding reception but continues to feel out of place and is nagged by the unresolved dispute with her mother. Ultimately, her mother leaves the party early, despite Rachel's effort to bring the two together, and the gulf between Kym and Abby is left unreconciled. The next morning, Kym must return to rehab. As she is leaving, Rachel runs out of the house to hug her."] ['Sixteen-year-old Minnesota high-schooler Juno MacGuff  discovers she is pregnant with a child fathered by her friend and longtime admirer, Paulie Bleeker . She initially considers an abortion but decides to give the baby up for adoption. With the help of her friend Leah , Juno searches the ads in the Pennysaver and finds a couple she feels will provide a suitable home. She tells her parents, Mac  and stepmother, Bren , who offer their support. With Mac, Juno meets the couple, Mark and Vanessa Loring , in their expensive home and agrees to a closed adoption. Juno vists Mark a few times, with whom she shares tastes in punk rock and horror films. Mark, who has set aside his rock band youth , works at home composing commercial jingles. Juno and Leah happen to see Vanessa in a shopping mall being completely at ease with a child, and Juno encourages Vanessa to talk to her baby in the womb, where it obligingly kicks for her. As the pregnancy progresses, Juno struggles with the emotions she feels for the baby\'s father, Paulie, who is clearly in love with Juno. Juno maintains an outwardly indifferent attitude toward Paulie, but when she learns he has asked another girl to the upcoming prom, she angrily confronts him. Paulie reminds Juno that it is at her request they remain distant and tells her that she broke his heart. Not long before her baby is due, Juno is again visiting Mark when their interaction becomes emotional. Mark then tells her he will be leaving Vanessa. Juno is horrified by this revelation, with Mark asking Juno "how do you think of me". Vanessa arrives home, and Mark tells her he does not feel ready to be a father and there are still things he wants to do first. Juno watches the Loring marriage fall apart, then drives away and breaks down in tears by the side of the road. Returning to the Lorings\' home, she leaves a note and disappears as they answer the door. After a heartfelt discussion with Mac, Juno accepts that she loves Paulie. Juno then tells Paulie she loves him, and Paulie\'s actions make it clear her feelings are very much reciprocated. Not long after, Juno goes into labor and is rushed to the hospital, where she gives birth to a baby boy. She had deliberately not told Paulie because of his track meet. Seeing her missing from the stands, Paulie rushes to the hospital, finds Juno has given birth to their son, and comforts Juno as she cries. Vanessa comes to the hospital where she joyfully claims the newborn boy as a single adoptive mother. On the wall in the baby\'s new nursery, Vanessa has framed Juno\'s note, which reads: "Vanessa: If you\'re still in, I\'m still in.&nbsp;—Juno." The film ends in the summertime with Juno and Paulie playing guitar and singing together, followed by a kiss.'] ['The film involves a series of interconnected events that converge up to the same time at 11:14 p.m. The connections between the events are not apparent at first, but are gradually revealed by a series of progressively receding flashbacks: # Jack , who has been drinking, is seen driving along a road at night talking on his cell phone. The clock on the dashboard reads 11:14 p.m. Suddenly, as he drives under an overpass, something smashes across the windshield, causing him to skid off the road. He stops by a deer crossing sign and gets out to inspect the damage, and finds a human body with a badly mutilated face lying close to his car. When he sees another car approaching, he panics and drags the body out of sight. The car pulls up next to him, and the driver, Norma , assumes that he hit a deer. She offers to call the police over Jack\'s protests, insisting that it is no trouble because she has a new cell phone that she "never uses" and because she is friends with the Chief of Police. Norma offers Jack a ride to her house to wait for the police, but he declines. When she drives off, Jack decides to hide the body in the trunk of his car. He gets back into the car to pull away, but a police officer pulls up behind him. Officer Hannagan  speaks with Jack and, noting his odd behavior, asks him if he would submit to a breathalyzer test. Jack requests a sobriety test instead, which Hannagan administers, getting him to count back in reverse from Z to A. When the officer checks with dispatch, he finds that Jack\'s license has been revoked for driving under the influence. Hannagan tells Jack that he is under arrest and that his car will be impounded. When he finds the body in the trunk, Hannagan handcuffs Jack with a cable tie and tells the two people already in the back of the cruiser, Duffy  and Buzzy , to move over so that Jack will fit. While Hannagan argues with Buzzy, who refuses to move over, Jack is able to pull clippers out of his pocket, cut the cable tie, and escape. Hannagan pursues, leaving the cruiser door open, and Duffy and Buzzy also escape. Jack runs across a property with security lights and a dog, causing the owner, Norma, to come out. She is obviously upset and is looking for her husband Frank  because she just received a phone call that their daughter, Cheri , was killed in a hit-and-run accident. Hannagan catches up to Jack at this point, and Norma angrily strikes Jack with a flashlight, assuming that he is responsible for her daughter\'s death. He flees again, into the cemetery where he trips over a bowling ball and is again taken into custody. # Teenagers Tim , Mark  and Eddie ([[Ben Foster  are driving around causing trouble by throwing things out of the windows of Mark\'s van, including a book they have set on fire. Mark, distracted by Eddie urinating out the van\'s window, runs into and kills Cheri, who was crossing the road while on her cell phone. They stop, but flee the scene when Duffy comes toward the van with a gun. As Duffy fires on the retreating van, Tim realizes that the accident also caused the van\'s window to snap shut, cutting off Eddie\'s penis. Tim insists that Mark stop, and Tim goes back to find the penis. Tim is accosted by the paramedics, Leon  and Kevin  at the scene, but manages to escape and get the severed penis back to Eddie. # Frank is walking his dog late at night and discovers his daughter\'s  car keys next to the dead body of Aaron  in the cemetery. Thinking his daughter is responsible for the death, Frank packs the body in the trunk of Aaron\'s car, accidentally locking the keys in with the body. He breaks a window to get into the car, then drives to a bridge. He has to hide from a car driven by Duffy that passes by, but then disposes of the body by dropping it over the side of the bridge, where it lands on Jack\'s car . His dog runs off with the blood-soaked jacket. He chases the dog, eventually catching it. He sees the burning book that the teenagers threw on the sidewalk, and uses it to set his jacket on fire. His wife, Norma, sees him and gives him a ride home, where she sends him out to look for the deer that Jack supposedly hit. # Buzzy is working at a convenience store late at night. Her friend and co-worker Duffy arrives and they begin discussing Cheri\'s pregnancy and money needed for an abortion. Mark and Eddie arrive after the store is closed but Duffy lets them come in. They are there to buy items to throw out the van windows. After they leave, Duffy tells Buzzy his plan to steal from the store the $500 required to pay for the abortion. Cheri arrives and she and Duffy go into the cooler. Meanwhile Buzzy is playing around with Duffy\'s revolver  and she accidentally shoots a bullet through a glass door of a refrigerator, barely missing Duffy and Cheri. Cheri leaves and Duffy asks Buzzy to allow him to steal the money from the convenience store\'s cash register. Buzzy objects, fearful of losing her job, but relents, while insisting that Duffy shoot her in the arm to make it look like an authentic robbery. He shoots her in the arm and then dials 9-1-1 for her, leaving while she is on the phone. Duffy looks for his keys, barely escaping the police who are arriving more quickly than he thought they would. While driving away, he passes by Aaron\'s car, where Frank has parked it preparing to dispose of Aaron\'s body. Duffy then sees Cheri parked and tells her he got the money for her abortion. When she gets out of her car, he witnesses the teenagers\' van knocking down and killing Cheri, and he shoots at the teenagers. He is then arrested by Officer Hannagan for shooting at the van and for the store robbery, based on the description someone phoned in . Buzzy is arrested as an accomplice when she refuses to identify Duffy and admits to conspiring with him. # Cheri leaves her house to have sex with Aaron at the cemetery. Aaron is reclining against a tombstone that has a stone angel on top. The angel\'s neck is damaged and the heavy stone head falls onto Aaron\'s face, killing him instantly and mutilating his face. Cheri runs away from the scene, not realizing that she has dropped the set of keys that Frank found in the earlier scene. Cheri borrows her father\'s car and goes to the convenience store to get Duffy\'s bowling ball, intending to replace the angel head with the bowling ball and implicate Duffy as killing Aaron. As she drives away from the store, she sees the shooting and reports a description of Duffy to the police. When Cheri arrives back at the cemetery, she drops the bowling ball when she sees that Aaron\'s body is gone. She tries to leave, but her car is again having trouble starting. Her cell phone rings, and she begins talking to Jack. This is the phone conversation the movie begins with, continued to inform the viewer that Cheri\'s "pregnancy" is actually a scam to get money from both Duffy and Aaron, so that Cheri and Jack can leave town together with the money. In the midst of the call, Duffy calls out Cheri\'s name from across the street to tell her that he got the $500 she wanted him to get. Cheri hangs up quickly, and crossing the street, the cell phone rings again, and, distracted, she stops in the middle of the road, where she is hit by the van containing Mark, Tim, and Eddie. The camera pans to Cheri\'s cell phone, which reads 11:14 p.m.'] ['The film focuses on several characters. One of the main protagonists, Dean , has been a waiter for four years since graduating from high school, and hasn\'t earned a degree during his four years at a community college. When Dean learns from his mother  that a former high school classmate, Chett , now has a bachelor\'s degree in electrical engineering, he begins to rethink his direction-less life. Dean\'s lecherous friend and co-worker, Monty , is in exactly the same situation, but has accepted that his future lies with the restaurant, Shenaniganz. Monty is put in charge of training Mitch , a newly hired waiter who is constantly interrupted throughout most of the film. Also working with Dean is Calvin , a hopeless romantic who cannot urinate in public, and Dan , the uptight manager who is grooming Dean as his protégé. Rounding out the staff are 17-year old hostess Natasha , abrasive waitress Naomi , waitress  Serena , Dean\'s girlfriend and fellow waitress Amy , stoner bus-boys T-Dog and Nick , head chef Raddamus , the insane, unsanitary chef Floyd , lesbian bartender Tyla , and the pensive and philosophical dishwasher Bishop . The waiters preoccupy themselves with endless gossip, complaining about the customers, seeking covert revenge on particularly rude patrons, and playing a special kind of game which involves flashing genitalia at a fellow worker . Each employee has his or her own problems and stories, which are interwoven with the ebb and flow of business. A common phrase used throughout the film, which is referred to in the Shenaniganz training video is "The only thing different between extraordinary and ordinary, is that little bit of extra!" This phrase is mocked by many of the wait staff during the film. Minutes before the restaurant closes, however, Chett and his girlfriend come in for dinner and leave Dean a hefty tip out of pity. This prompts Dean to quit his job &mdash; turning down an assistant manager position Dan offered him at the beginning of the film &mdash; to seek a more promising future. When the shift ends, the staff head to a party at Monty and Dean\'s house. At the party, Monty is able to resist having sex with Natasha , Calvin attempts to fix his relationship problems, and Mitch bashes most members of the staff after being constantly interrupted throughout the day. He concludes by giving them all The Goat from the "Penis Showing Game," which Raddimus had told him earlier that if it is achieved, will instantly grant the man god-status. Sure enough, Monty swears his undying allegiance to him. The film ends with the staff talking about the incident with Mitch, Dan showing up at a disgruntled customers\' house after Natasha gave him the wrong address to the party, and the hip hop music video debut of Nick and T-Dog.'] ['The film centers on Manuela, a nurse who oversees donor organ transplants in Ramón y Cajal Hospital in Madrid and single mother to Esteban, a teenager who wants to be a writer. On his seventeenth birthday, Esteban is hit by a car and killed while chasing after actress Huma Rojo for her autograph following a performance of A Streetcar Named Desire, in which she portrays Blanche DuBois. Manuela has to agree with her colleagues at work that her son\'s heart be transplanted to a man in A Coruña. After traveling after her son\'s heart, Manuela quits her job and journeys to Barcelona, where she hopes to find her son\'s father, Lola, a transvestite she kept secret from her son, just as she never told Lola they had a son. In Barcelona, Manuela reunites with her old friend Agrado, a warm and witty transsexual prostitute. She also meets and becomes deeply involved with several characters: Rosa, a young nun who works in a shelter for battered prostitutes and is pregnant by Lola; Rosa\'s mother; Huma Rojo, the actress her son had admired; and the drug-addicted Nina Cruz, Huma\'s co-star and lover. Her life becomes entwined with theirs as she cares for Rosa during her pregnancy and works for Huma as her personal assistant and even acts in the play as an understudy for Nina during one of her drug abuse crises. On her way to the hospital, Rosa asks the taxi to stop at a park where she spots her father\'s dog, Sapic, and then her own father, who suffers from Alzheimer\'s; he does not recognize Rosa and asks for her age and height, but Sapic is cleverer and knows Rosa. Rosa dies giving birth to her son, and Lola and Manuela finally reunite at Rosa\'s funeral. Lola , who is dying from AIDS, talks about how she always wanted a son, and Manuela tells her about her own Esteban and how he died in a car accident. Manuela then adopts Esteban, Rosa\'s child, and stays with him at Rosa\'s parents\' house. The father does not understand who Manuela is, and Rosa\'s mother says it\'s the new cook, who is living here with her son. Rosa\'s father then asks Manuela her age and height. Manuela introduces Esteban  to Lola and gives her a picture of their own Esteban. Rosa\'s mother spots them from the street and then confronts Manuela about letting strangers see the baby. Manuela tells her that Lola is Esteban\'s father; Rosa\'s mother is appalled and says: "That is the monster that killed my daughter?!" Manuela flees back to Madrid with Esteban; she cannot take living at Rosa\'s house any longer, since the grandmother is afraid that she will contract AIDS from the baby. She writes a letter to Huma and Agrado saying that she is leaving and once again is sorry for not saying goodbye, like she did years before. Two years later, Manuela returns with Esteban to an AIDS convention, telling Huma and Agrado, who now run a stage show together, that Esteban had been a miracle by not inheriting the virus. She then says she is returning to stay with Esteban\'s grandparents. When asking Huma about Nina, she becomes melancholic and leaves. Agrado tells Manuela that Nina went back to her town, got married, and had a fat, ugly baby boy. Almodóvar dedicates his film "To all actresses who have played actresses. To all women who act. To men who act and become women. To all the people who want to be mothers. To my mother." Almodovar recreates the accident scene from John Cassavetes\' Opening Night as the epicenter of the dramatic conflict.'] ['Don Anderson  is the Mickey\'s hamburger chain marketing director who helped develop the "Big One", its most popular menu item. When he learns that independent research has discovered a considerable presence of fecal matter in the meat, he travels to the fictitious town of Cody, Colorado to determine if the local Uni-Globe meatpacking processing plant, Mickey\'s main meat supplier, is guilty of sloppy production. Don\'s tour shows him only the pristine work areas and most efficient procedures, assuring him that everything the company produces is immaculate. Suspicious of the facade he\'s been shown, Don meets rancher Rudy Martin , who used to supply cattle to the Uni-Globe plant. Rudy and his Chicana housekeeper  both assure him that because of the plant\'s production level, several safety regulations are ignored or worked against; workers have no time to make sure that the manure coming from the intestines stays away from the meat. Don later meets with Harry Rydell , executive VP of Mickey\'s, who admits being aware of the issue, but is not concerned. Amber  is a young, upbeat employee of Mickey\'s, studying for college and living with her mother Cindy . While her life seems to be set, she continually faces the contrast between her current career and her own ambition, emphasized by her two lazy co-workers  who, having heard of armed robberies at fast food restaurants in the area, start planning their own. Amber and Cindy are visited by Cindy\'s brother Pete , who encourages Amber to leave town and start a real career. Amber eventually meets a group of young activists  who plan to liberate cattle from Uni-Globe as their first act of rebellion. They proceed to sneak up to a holding pen at the plant, but after breaking down the fence, they are shocked that the cattle make no attempt to leave. Upon hearing the police, they retreat and contemplate why the cattle decided to stay in confinement. Raul , his love interest Sylvia , and Sylvia\'s sister Coco  are illegal immigrants from Mexico, trying to make it in Colorado. They all go to Uni-Globe in hopes of finding a job - Raul becomes a cleaner, while Coco works on a meat processing conveyor belt. Sylvia, however, cannot take the environment, and instead finds a job as a hotel maid. Coco develops a drug habit, and begins an affair with her exploitative superior, Mike . In a work accident, a friend of Raul\'s falls in a machine, and his leg is mangled. Raul, attempting to save him, falls and is injured. At the hospital, Sylvia is told that Raul was on amphetamines at work. Because Raul is now unable to work, Sylvia has sex with Mike in order to find a job at Uni-Globe. She ends up working on the "kill floor."'] ['The film tells the story of six white American women, all but one over thirty, impatiently waiting out their lengthy residency requirements in an unidentified South American country before picking up their adoptive babies.'] ['Little Athens follows a whirlwind day in the hapless lives of small town youth caught in a dead-end post-high school void. The journeys of four groups of late teens/early twenty-somethings unfold through four different storylines, their separate trails converging at an explosive house party.'] ['Critics and film historians have often noted how the film is divided into three equal thirds or acts.Roger Ebert: "Michael Cimino\'s The Deer Hunter is a three-hour movie in three major movements." Mike enters himself in a game of Russian roulette against Nick, hoping to jar Nick\'s memory and persuade him to come home, but Nick\'s mind is gone. In the last moment, after Mike\'s attempts to remind him of their trips hunting together, he finally breaks through, and Nick recognizes Mike and smiles. Nick then tells Mike, "one shot", raises the gun to his temple, and pulls the trigger. The bullet is in the gun\'s top chamber, and Nick kills himself. Horrified, Michael tries to revive him, but to no avail. Epilogue - Back home in 1975, there is a funeral for Nick, whom Michael brings home, good to his promise. The film ends with the whole cast at their friend\'s bar, singing "God Bless America" and toasting in Nick\'s honor.'] ["The plot revolves around the party-loving residents of the Rear Flat and a drunken deal made in a game of Truth or Dare with the elderly flat owner lady, Suzy; the deal required all the residents to make a wish and make it happen within a year, and whoever fails had to face the consequence of eating Suzy's fecal matters. What started as a joke turned into a seemingly serious matter as the youngsters thrived for their ambition with gusto."] ["An aged father known to everyone as Old Liu  and his younger, mentally challenged son Liu Erming  run and live in a traditional bathhouse for men in an old district in Beijing. The bathhouse provides a variety of peripheral services, including haircut, massage, shaving, fire cupping, even old-style pedicure, to a motley group of regular customers, many of whom are retired old Beijingers. The patrons usually spend their entire day, day after day, in the bathhouse, engaging in a game of Chinese chess or cricket fighting. As such, they have formed close bonds not only with one another, but also with Old Liu, who is manager, staff, mediator in squabbles, and marriage consultant all in one. One of the patrons is a man who sings 'O Sole Mio in the shower, but when he goes to sing it in public he loses his nerve, until Erming provides him with a shower from a hose. Another patron is Mr. Zhang, whose marriage has been in trouble ever since his wife ran after a thief while naked, and Old Liu arranges a reconciliation by having the man find his wife in the bath. After the bathhouse closes in the evening, Old Liu and Erming go for their daily jog around the neighbourhood, after which they engage in a contest to hold their breath in water as they bathe. Even simple tasks such as cleaning up the bathhouse are tremendous fun for the duo, both of whom behave like little children at these times. One day, Old Liu's elder son Liu Daming , who left many years ago to seek fortunes in the southern city of Shenzhen, abruptly returns home. Now a successful businessman, Daming had received a postcard from Erming with a drawing of their father lying in bed. Thinking that his father has died, Daming rushed home, only to find it a misunderstanding. However, the father-son ties between Old Liu and Daming appear to be strained, and Daming plans to return to Shenzhen three days later. When Erming accompanies Daming downtown to reserve a plane ticket, Erming mindlessly wanders off from the area and is nowhere to be seen. After a futile search, Daming returns home to his distressed father, who lashes out at him for not being able to take care of his younger brother. Old Liu laments that having already lost one son , he cannot afford to lose the other. The next morning, however, Erming is able to find his own way home, to the relief of everyone. Having already postponed his flight, Daming decides to stay one more night. It rains heavily overnight. While up on the roof fixing leaks, Old Liu catches a cold and falls sick the next morning. Daming volunteers to take over the work in the bathhouse, delaying his return once more. In the next few days, Daming stays on to help in the bathhouse. He even joins in the daily evening jog with his father and Erming. One evening, after coming back from jogging, Old Liu passes away peacefully whilst bathing in the bathtub. Erming refuses to accept the reality of his father's death and insists on opening the bathhouse every day at the usual time. In the meantime, Daming is planning to bring Erming back to Shenzhen to live with him, but he is worried about his wife's reaction regarding the mentally challenged Erming. He decides to leave Erming in a mental hospital for a couple of weeks whilst he goes back to Shenzhen to make preparations. This is not received well by Erming, however, as he struggles to cope at the mental hospital after fighting with the hospital attendants. In response to the situation, Daming decides to bring Erming back to the bathhouse again and temporarily resume operations. Meanwhile, the entire district is due to be demolished to make way for commercial development. As removalists begin to move old furniture out of the bathhouse, Erming furiously attempts to stop the removalists from moving out the furniture in an attempt to keep the bathhouse. Eventually, he is convinced by Daming to accept the reality of the situation. The film concludes with a group of old customers gathering in the bathhouse for the last time, removing old paintings and portraits from the walls. Simultaneously, Erming begins nostalgically singing the tune of O Sole Mio as a final farewell to the bathhouse."] ["Reena is a young Indian American lesbian who lives and works in New York. Her sister Sarita, who is happily married, discovers that she is infertile. Reena offers to be a surrogate mother for her sister's baby, hoping to improve her relationship with their mother, who disapproves of Reena's sexual orientation. Sarita and her husband accept Reena's offer but Sarita begins to have second thoughts. After Reena becomes pregnant, her relationship with her girlfriend Lisa suffers. When the baby is born, Reena and Lisa are reunited, as are Reena's family.{{cite book}}"] ['The movie is set around a small group of characters experiencing relationships which build and crumble before the viewers eyes. The title of the film refers to the belief, expressed by several of characters, that the goldfish retains a memory of something for only three seconds. Tom, one of the principal characters in the film, draws comparisons between this and the human tendency to jump from one relationship to the next, "forgetting" the pain that any previous one might have caused. The film shows complexities involved in straight, gay, lesbian, and bisexual relationships. Writer/director Liz Gill says the film was influenced by the work of directors Robert Altman and Richard Linklater, particularly Linklater\'s film Slacker.'] ['In England, in the spring of 1944, Allied forces are preparing for the D-Day invasion. Among them are Major John Reisman , an OSS officer; his commander, Regular Army Major General Worden , and his former commander Colonel Everett Dasher Breed . Early in the film the personalities of the three men are shown to clash and the characters of the individualistic Reisman and the domineering Breed are established. Reisman is aided by his friend, the mild mannered Major Max Armbruster  Major Reisman is assigned an unusual and top-secret pre-invasion mission: take a small unit of soldiers convicted of felonies and turn them into a commando squad to be sent on a special mission. The mission is an airborne infiltration and assault on a chateau near Rennes in Brittany. The chateau will be hosting a meeting of dozens of high ranking German officers, the elimination of which will presumably hamper the German military\'s ability to respond to D-Day. Those felons who survive the mission will have their sentences commuted. It quickly becomes clear that both Reisman and his superiors regard the operation as a near suicide mission and expect that few, if any of the felons will return. Reisman is assigned twelve convicts, all either serving lengthy sentences or destined to be executed. Notable members include slow witted Vernon Pinkley ; Robert Jefferson , an African American soldier convicted of killing a man in a racial brawl; Samson Posey  a gentle giant who becomes enraged when pushed; Joseph Wladislaw  a taciturn coal miner convicted of shooting his squad\'s medic who was recruited for his ability to speak German; A.J. Maggott , a misogynist and religious fanatic; and Victor Franko , a former member of the Chicago organized-crime Syndicate who has extreme problems with authority. Under the supervision of Reisman and military police Sergeant Bowren , the group begin training. After being forced to construct their own living quarters, the twelve individuals are trained in combat by Reisman and gradually learn how to operate as a group. For parachute training they are sent to the base operated by Colonel Breed. Under strict orders to keep their mission secret, Reisman\'s men run afoul of Breed and his troops, especially when Pinkley poses as a general and inspects Breed\'s troops. Angered at the usurpation of his authority, Breed attempts to discover Reisman\'s mission and then attempts to get the program shut down. Major Armbruster suggests a test of whether Reisman\'s men are ready: during practice maneuvers which Breed will be taking part in, the "Dirty Dozen" will attempt to capture the Colonel\'s headquarters. During the maneuvers, the men use various unorthodox tactics, including theft, impersonation, and rule breaking, to infiltrate Breed\'s headquarters and hold him and his men at gunpoint. This proves to the General that Reisman\'s men are ready. The night of the raid, the men are flown to France, and practise a rhyme they have learned which details their roles in the operation. There is a slight snag when one of the Dozen, Jiminez  breaks his neck and dies upon landing in a tree, but the others proceed with the mission. Wladislaw and Reisman infiltrate the meeting disguised as German officers while Franko and Maggott sneak onto the top floor of the building. The others set up in various locations around the chateau. The plan falls apart when Maggott sees one of the women who had accompanied the officers, abducts her at knifepoint, and orders her to scream. However the officers downstairs ignore her, thinking she is having sex. Maggott then stabs her and begins shooting, alerting the officers. As the officers and their companions retreat to an underground bomb shelter, a general firefight ensues between the Dozen and the German troops. After Wladislaw and Reisman lock the Germans in the bomb shelter, the Dozen pry open the ventilation ducts to the shelter and drop unprimed grenades down, then pour gasoline inside. Jefferson throws a primed grenade down each shaft and sprints for their vehicle, but is shot down as the grenades explode. Reisman, Bowren, Wladislaw, and Franko, the last remaining survivors of the assault team, are making their escape on a German half-track when Franko, shouting triumphantly that he has survived, is shot by a stray round. Back in England only Reisman, Bowren and Wladislaw have managed to get out alive. The film unfolds in three major acts.  After witnessing a hanging in a military jail in London, Major Reisman is briefed on the mission at General Worden\'s headquarters. As the credits to the film are rolling he walks along the line of 12 prisoners and stares at each of them as Sergeant Bowren  reads out their sentences. {| class"col" width"col" width"col" widthAct two - TrainingAct three - The mission The final act, which was a mere footnote in the novel, is an action sequence detailing the attack on the chateau. The men recite the details of the attack in a chant in order to remember their roles: # Down to the road block, we\'ve just begun # The guards are through # The Major\'s men are on a spree # Major and Wladislaw go through the door # Pinkley stays out in the drive # The Major gives the rope a fix # Wladislaw throws the hook to heaven # Jimenez has got a date # The other guys go up the line # Sawyer and Lever are in the pen # Posey guards points five and seven # Wladislaw and the Major go down to delve # Franko goes up without being seen # Zero-hour - Jimenez cuts the cable, Franko cuts the phone # Franko goes in where the others have been # We all come out like it\'s Halloween'] ["The story is told in three main arcs, with almost all of it occurring during a 24-month period beginning and ending at Thanksgiving parties hosted by Hannah  and her husband, Elliot . Hannah serves as the stalwart hub of the narrative; her own story as a successful actress  is somewhat secondary, but most of the events of the film connect to her. An adulterous romance between Elliot and one of Hannah's sisters, Lee , provides the main romantic entanglement of the film. Elliot attributes this to his discontent with his wife's self-sufficiency and resentment of her emotional strength. Lee has lived for five years with a reclusive artist, Frederick , who is much older. She finds her relationship with Frederick no longer intellectually or sexually stimulating, in spite of  Frederick's professed interest in continuing to teach her. She leaves Frederick, much to his sorrow, after he discovers  her affair with Elliot. For the remainder of the year between the first and second Thanksgiving gatherings, Elliot and Lee carry on their affair despite Elliot's lingering inability to end his marriage to Hannah. Lee finally ends the affair during the second Thanksgiving, explaining that she is finished waiting for him to commit and that she has started dating someone else. Mickey , as both the former husband of Hannah and the eventual husband of Holly, is shown primarily in scenes outside of the primary story. All of the scenes that take place outside of the 24-month period of the primary story involve flashbacks from Mickey's previous marriage to Hannah, Hannah and Mickey's struggle with infertility, his subsequent role as a surrogate father to Hannah's children, and his first date with Hannah's sister Holly . Aside from these flashback scenes, Mickey is depicted within the timeline of the main story dealing with hypochondria, his professional and creative conflicts in the television industry, and an existential crisis that leads to unsatisfying experiments with religious conversion to Catholicism and an interest in Krishna Consciousness. Ultimately, an unsuccessful suicide attempt leads him to find meaning in his life after unexpectedly viewing the Marx Brothers' Duck Soup  in a movie theater. The revelation that life should be enjoyed, rather than understood, helps to prepare him for a second date with Holly, which this time blossoms quickly  into love and marriage. Holly's story is the film's third main arc. A former cocaine addict who is depicted as the more insecure and least talented of the three sisters, she's an unsuccessful actress who shifts from one career aspiration to another in order to find success. After borrowing money from Hannah, she starts a catering business with April , a friend and fellow actress. Holly and April end up as rivals in auditions for parts in Broadway musicals, as well as for the affections of an architect they are each attracted to . Holly abandons the catering business after the romance with the architect fails and decides to try her hand at writing. The career change forces her once again to borrow money from Hannah, a dependency Hannah perhaps welcomes and Holly resents. She writes a script inspired by Hannah and Elliot, which greatly upsets Hannah. It is suggested that much of the script involved personal details of Hannah and Elliot's marriage that had been conveyed to Holly through Lee . Although this threatens to expose the affair between Elliot and Lee, Elliot soon disavows disclosing any such details. Holly then sets aside her script due to Hannah's objections, and instead writes a story inspired by her own life, which Mickey reads and admires greatly, vowing to help her get it produced and leading to their second date. A minor arc in the film tells part of the story of Norma and Evan (played by Maureen O'Sullivan, Mia Farrow's actual mother, and Lloyd Nolan, who were both in [[Never Too Late . They are the parents of Hannah and her two sisters, and still have acting careers of their own. Their own tumultuous marriage revolves around Norma's alcoholism and alleged affairs, however, the long-term bond between them is evident in Evan's flirtatious anecdotes about Norma while playing piano at the Thanksgiving gatherings. By the time of the film's third Thanksgiving, Lee has married someone she met while taking classes at Columbia, meanwhile Hannah and Elliot have reconciled their marriage. The film's final shot reveals that Holly has now married Mickey and that she is pregnant. Part of the film's structure and background is borrowed from Ingmar Bergman's Fanny and Alexander. In both films, a large theatrical family gather for three successive year's celebrations . The first of each gathering is in a time of contentment, the second in a time of trouble, and the third showing what happens after the resolution of the troubles. The sudden appearance of Mickey's reflection behind Holly's in the closing scene also parallels the apparition behind Alexander of the Bishop's ghost."] ['In the misty mornings of Saigon, young girls wake up to pick lotuses from a flower pond, to later sell to American tourists and fellow Vietnamese alike. To pass the time, the girls sing rich folk songs that touch the heart of a poet  who lives in an old temple overlooking the pond. Teacher Dao  suffered leprosy at the age of 26 and had consequently lost his fingers. The girls (one of them a newcomer named Kien An  are trucked off to the bustling streets of Saigon where they sell the lotus in bundles for 5,000 đồng VND (roughly 30 [[Cent . In Saigon, we meet different aspects of its inhabitants. Woody is a 9 to 10 year old street peddler who sells cigarettes, chewing gum, and various other things in a box that hangs on a strap to his shoulder. Hai  is a cyclo driver who hangs out with his buddies near a grand hotel. Through a chance meeting, Hai eventually falls in love with Lan  who works as a prostitute in big hotels. Even seemingly happy after receiving every American dollars from her clients, she carries a silent resentment of herself and her clients. She tells Hai that she won\'t be doing this job for long and dreams of sleeping in an air-conditioned room, with no one to bother her. Lan tries to embrace the capitalist invasion by re-inventing herself and though she resents the lifestyle, she promises to one day live like them. Hai respects her and sees through her pain. After winning $200 USD in a cyclo race, he treats her to her dream. Lan feels guilty and rejects Hai\'s advances. She feels that she is incapable and doesn\'t deserve Hai\'s special treatment. During one of the last scenes of the film, Lan finally comes to terms with herself and Hai as he takes her to a place streaming with red phượng vĩ  blossoms. Lan, dressed in a beautiful white áo dài , marvels at her surroundings. Hai\'s encounter with Kien An is a ridicule of the western embrace of "convenience". Kien An\'s flowers, hand-picked and real, are being driven out by mass-produced plastic flowers. Hai comments that they are even sprayed with perfume to imitate the smell. The only difference is that the plastic flowers never wilt and die. Hai wants no part in this and asks Kien An for two. Kien An respects him and gives him the lotus for free. Kien An\'s tale involves various personal tragedies and how poetry can triumph and provide respite for the human soul. Teacher Dao is particularly interested in Kien An\'s song because it reminds him of his days as a small boy  along the river markets. Teacher Dao also tells Kien An of a recurring dream. He dreams of being able to visit the river markets and drop white lotuses, letting them float downriver. Kien An remarks that Teacher Dao\'s pain involves his inability to leave the seemingly abandoned temple. Teacher Dao corrects her and says that even though he never leaves the place, in spirit, he yearns for the songs of the birds, the scent of the lotus, and the freedom of the clouds that lazily float in the sky. In his prime, he was a successful poet. After losing his fingers to leprosy, Teacher Dao had given up hope of ever writing again. Kien An wants to help him and so she promises to lend him her fingers. From time to time, Kien An would visit his home in the temple to copy whatever the poet recites. Soon, ill health as the result of old age and leprosy takes away the poet\'s life. Huy , Teacher Dao\'s headman, carries out one of his final wishes and gives Kien An Dao\'s poetry book, which contains a never-before seen picture of Dao. The two remarks that he was very handsome before being overtaken by leprosy. Kien An asks Huy for help to make the late Dao\'s dream come true. She visits the river market and drops lotus flowers, just like in Dao\'s dream. James Hager is an American G.I. who returns to Vietnam to look for his daughter, in hope of "coming to peace with this place". Hai and his buddies jokingly say that Hager probably lost a few screws in his head. They witness him sitting in front of a hotel for weeks, smoking, staring at a restaurant across the street. They watch him with curiosity but never approach him. His story ends with him meeting his daughter. He gives her a bundle of lotus buds he has bought from Kien An and tries to talk with her. Through these intertwining tales, Tony Bui is able to portray the struggles of a vanishing culture. Kien An represents the country\'s old ways, living as if untouched by time. Lan represents the country\'s present, re-inventing herself and hoping to embrace the capitalist invasion. Hai  acts as a bridge between the past and the present, living care-free yet observing the "improvements" of westernization with a silent resentment. Woody, the young peddler, acts as the country\'s future, naïve, innocent, and easily fooled. Woody\'s story ends with him playing soccer with his friends in the rain.'] ["The Utopian Society is about a group of college students who are put together by their professor to complete a final project: create a utopian society. Like most college students, they’ve waited until the night before it is due to start working on it. They each come from different backgrounds and have pre-existing assumptions about the others, causing them to want to spend as little time working with each other as possible. But since they have waited until the last minute to start working, they are forced to cram an entire semester's work into one night, whether they like it or not.Official web page"] ["Annelle Dupuy , a recent beauty school graduate, is hired by Truvy Jones  to work in her home-based beauty salon. M'Lynn Eatenton , a good friend of Truvy's, and her daughter, Shelby , arrive at Truvy's to prepare for Shelby's wedding, which is taking place later that day. Also arriving at the salon are Ouiser  Boudreaux , a grouchy, two-time widow, and Clairee Belcher , also a widow, who is cheerful and enjoys taking cracks at Ouiser whenever possible. During an argument with her mother over whether or not she should bear a child, Shelby, who has type one diabetes, falls into a state of hypoglycemia, but she recovers quickly with some orange juice provided by her mother and the other women in the salon. Several months pass, and Shelby announces to her family that she and her husband Jackson  are expecting their first child. Although the majority of her family is thrilled, M'Lynn is worried that Shelby's body cannot handle the stress of childbirth. Shelby successfully delivers a baby boy, Jackson Jr. However, several months later Shelby begins showing signs of kidney failure and starts dialysis. M'Lynn offers to donate a kidney to her daughter and the transplant takes place the day after Jackson Jr's first birthday. Three to four months following the transplant, Shelby's body rejects the kidney and she collapses into a coma. The doctors inform the family that Shelby will likely remain comatose indefinitely, and her family and husband jointly decide to remove Shelby from life support. At the funeral, after the other mourners have left, M'Lynn breaks down in hysterics in front of Clairee, Truvy, Annelle and Ouiser, but the other women are able to give support to M'Lynn through humor and love. Later, at the wake, M'Lynn begins to accept her daughter's death and focuses her energy on helping Jackson raise his son/her grandson. Annelle, who is now married and pregnant, asks M'Lynn if she could name her own baby after Shelby. Months later, on Easter morning, Annelle goes into labor during an Easter egg hunt and is rushed to the hospital and another life begins."] ["Naina Catherine Kapur  is an angry young girl living in New York City. Her father committed suicide when she was young, leaving her mother Jennifer Kapur  alone with her and her two younger children, Shiv  and Gia . The restaurant that Jennifer operates is also financially faltering. Furthermore, Naina's paternal grandmother, Lajjo , blames Jennifer for the suicide and refuses to accept Gia  as her granddaughter, blaming her for bringing bad luck to the family. The only bright spot in Naina's life is her bumbling MBA classmate Rohit Patel . Meanwhile, Aman Mathur  shifts to Naina's neighbourhood. Noticing the sadness of his new neighbours, he intervenes. His well-meaning interference in their activities, his help in reviving their financial standing, and his general optimism soon change their lives for the better. Although Naina is initially reluctant to enjoy Aman's presence, she grows to like him and eventually falls in love with him. Also, Rohit, who has been in love with Naina, is too scared to ask her out. On Aman's encouragement, he calls Naina for lunch where she reveals to Rohit about her love for Aman. Heartbroken, Rohit informs Aman about this. Naina goes to Aman's house to ask him out where Aman lies to her that he is married to a woman named Priya . Aman, it is revealed, is dying of a severe condition that is progressively weakening his heart. Also, Priya is not his wife, but his doctor. Knowing that his lifespan is limited, he sacrifices his love for Naina and plays matchmaker between Rohit and her. The tension within Naina's family also stops when Aman, after accidentally intercepting a personal letter addressed to Jennifer, reveals that Gia is Naina's half-sister through their father's extramarital affair. Jennifer's acceptance of her husband's infidelity is what led to his suicide. Lajjo finally accepts Gia, and the now-united family prepares for Rohit and Naina's wedding. Meanwhile, Aman's health deteriorates. Naina, in a chance-encounter meets Priya and learns the truth about Aman's health condition. When she approaches and accuses Aman, he convinces her to get married to Rohit, as he knew that Rohit loved her. She accepts and gets married to Rohit. After attending the marriage, Aman passes away. Twenty years later, an older Naina relates the story of Aman's love to a grown-up Gia and how she has, and always loved him. It is also revealed that Naina and Rohit have a daughter of their own. Naina ends her story by saying that while every wife dreams of finding a friend in her husband, she was lucky to find a husband in her friend."] ['The new forty-million-dollar “radio powered” ocean liner S.S. Gigantic  is about to race its rival, the slightly smaller S.S. Colossal across the Atlantic from New York’s Pier 97 to Cherbourg in two-and-a-half days, billed as “The Race of the Ages.” Gigantic owner T. Frothingill “T.F.” Bellows  intends to send his nearly identical younger brother S.B.  to sail aboard the Colossal, hoping he will cause trouble and sabotage the rival ship, enabling the Gigantic and his own Bellows Line to win. However S.B., who is held back due to a golf game, ends up flying over the ocean to meet the Colossal en route and mistakenly lands aboard the deck of the Gigantic instead, much to the consternation of Captain Stafford ([[Russell Hicks . Matters are made worse for the Gigantic when S.B.’s outrageously unlucky daughter Martha  is brought onboard, being rescued after surviving the shipwreck of the yacht, Hesperus V. Popular OBC radio emcee Buzz Fielding , who has just been released from “alimony jail” and is broadcasting live from the Gigantic, is trying to juggle his three ex-wives Cleo , Grace , and Joan ; his lukewarm girlfriend Dorothy Wyndham ; and his inept microphone assistant Mike . Buzz does his best throughout the voyage to announce the progress of the race and introduce a series of musical acts for the pleasure of the passengers and OBC’s radio audience. Meanwhile Dorothy is romanced by First Officer  Robert Hayes , just as Buzz and Joan get sentimental about their broken marriage.'] ["Inés, Eva and Carmen, three women of different generations, work as private detectives for an investigation agency run by Valbuena, their male chauvinist boss. Inés, the youngest and more ambitious of the three is assigned to work undercover as a factory employee to spy on the activities of its union leaders. However, her investigation brings her face to face with a difficult emotional and ethical decision. She wants to get higher up in the agency with this, the agency’s most important case, but she falls in love with Manuel, one of the key members she is investigating. Her professional ethics and her amorous feelings for Manuel turn her life into turmoil not knowing what to do. Eva, has just returned to work at the detective agency after having had her second child. She is assigned to a rather mundane case of tracking down an old man's first love. Eva finds juggling her responsibilities very hard and her controlling character does not make it any easier: she never lets her husband Iñaki do any work but then resents him for not doing anything. When a mysterious woman called Marta appears in Iñaki’s life, Eva starts an investigation into her spouse’s secret life stumbling upon the possibility that her husband may not only be having an affair but leading a double life with another wife and family. She follows him from Madrid to Saragosa where she quickly finds what he her husband has been hiding. He have had a son born from a previous relationship before his marriage and now has become a willing participant in the life of a child, previously ignored. Carmen, the oldest and most experienced of the three detectives, is on a routine investigation of the business partner and wife of Sergio, a photographer whose wife is having an affair with his business partner and close friend. Carmen sympathizes with Sergio's marital collapse not seeming to notice the dire straits of her own marriage."] ['Living In Oblivion is divided into three parts, all of which concern the making of a low-budget movie featuring the same director, crew and substantially the same cast. Part one: Director Nick Reve  is shooting a low-budget independent film in the middle of New York City. The catering crew are under-funded and apathetic, deciding not to replace a carton of milk that has been on the craft service table for a week. The scene being shot is a difficult one: a young woman, Ellen, reproaches her elderly mother  for not intervening when the father beat Ellen as a child. However, on the set, just about everything that can go wrong does go wrong: shots are spoiled because of the mic boom is visible; the camera assistant fails to keep the shot in focus; Cora, the actress playing the mother, forgets her lines; and Nicole, the actress playing Ellen, becomes increasingly unfocused and careless. A dispirited Nick calls for a rehearsal without camera to refresh the actors. However, when Nicole  berates herself for acting badly, Cora  reassures her with a gesture that reminds Nicole of a similar gesture made by her own terminally ill mother. Nicole is so upset by the memory that she turns in an unexpectedly passionate performance; and Cora, startled by Nicole\'s sudden intensity, is equally good. Watching them, Nick becomes enthusiastic all over again. Unfortunately, it was not captured on film; cinematographer and camera operator Wolf , who has been diluting the sub-standard coffee with the spoiled milk, was vomiting in the toilet throughout. Nick ruefully calls for another take. This time, a sudden and insistent beeping sound distracts the actors. Nobody can tell where it\'s coming from; and Nick flies into a rage, berating everyone on the crew and cast for their inadequacies. He then wakes up in his own bed; the beeping sound was his own alarm clock. He has dreamed the entire segment. It is 4.30am; and he is due on set. Part two: Early the same morning, the film\'s lead actor Chad Palomino  is getting dressed in Nicole\'s hotel room. They have spent the night together, and Chad suggests that they might get together again later; Nicole politely declines. Chad and Nicole arrive on the set separately. Nicole\'s character Ellen and Chad\'s character Damian have been in love for years but have never admitted it until the scene being shot on this day. Shooting the scene is made practically impossible by Chad\'s irregular acting. He keeps changing his mind about where to stand and continually moves to places where he is either invisible or badly lit by scenic light. Nicole becomes increasingly frustrated by Chad\'s egomania; and, when he starts to stroke her head, she briefly loses her cool, then apologizes. An irritated Chad demands a private talk with Nick. He tells Nick that he has slept with Nicole and makes out that it was she, not he, who had wanted to continue the relationship. Desperate to keep Chad happy, Nick agrees that Nicole is not very good. Nicole overhears this conversation on the sound mixer\'s headphones. Pretending to be contrite, she asks Nick if they can improvise a little; but, when they do so, she announces to everyone that, although she slept with Chad, she is not at all interested in him. Chad loses his temper and quits the movie. Relieved that he will no longer have to please Chad, Nick calls him a "Hostess Twinkie motherfucker" and a fight breaks out. Nick beats Chad senseless and fires him. He apologises to Nicole and confesses that he loves her. They kiss—then Nicole abruptly wakes up, still in her bed, having dreamed the whole thing. Part three: Later the same day, the crew is setting up for a dream sequence in which Nicole, as Ellen, stands still while a dwarf walks around her holding an apple. Nick claims to have learned a lesson from his own dream: That sometimes, "you just got to roll with things." Nicole admits that she had a dream with Nick in it but doesn\'t tell him what happened. Nick manages to keep up his positive attitude despite the various mishaps that occur: The smoke machine fails to work, then it catches fire, then his senile mother Cora arrives on the set. However, the ill-tempered dwarf actor Tito  complains that the dream sequence is a cliché  and walks off the set in disgust. Nick\'s confidence collapses, and he announces that the movie is over. At that moment, his mother intervenes, grabbing the apple, moving to Tito\'s mark and announcing that she is "ready". The crew scrambles to shoot the scene, and her manic performance injects fresh energy and conviction into it. Nick is delighted and decides to keep the new dream sequence, and there is a tense moment while the sound mixer records 30 seconds of room tone. The entire cast and crew manages to remain silent, and they go on to shooting the next sequence.'] ['Flavors tells the stories of 13 different main characters in 5 parallel story lines. The marriage of NRI Rad  to his American fiancée  brings his family to the US where they quickly adapt to American ways. Meanwhile, Kartik , tries to maintain a long distance relationship with his friend Rachna  and bored housewife Sangita  is neglected by her workaholic husband .'] ["In a small Florida tourist town named Ticlaw, the Mayor/Preacher Kirby T. Calo  also operates a hotel and tiny wildlife safari park. The town's major draw is a water-skiing elephant named Bubbles. When the state highway commission builds a freeway adjacent to the town, Calo slips an official $10,000 to assure an off ramp. The ramp doesn't come, so the townsfolk literally paint the town pink to attract visitors. Meanwhile, tourists from various parts of the United States, shown in a series of concurrent, ongonig vigenettes, are heading to Florida and will all end up in Ticlaw, one way or another, including a pair of bank robbers from New York  who pick up a cocaine-dealing hitchhiker ; a Chicago copy machine repairman and wannabe children's author, Duane Hansen , who picks up a waitress, Carmen Odessa Shelby , who is carrying her deceased mother's ashes to Florida; a dentist and his dysfunctonal family , vacationing cross-country in their RV; an elderly woman, Carol , with a drinking problem and her loving husband Sherm , who are heading to Florida to retire; two nuns ; and a wannabe country songwriter hauling a playful rhino and other wild animals to Ticlaw, and more."] ['{{Plot}} The opening shot of the film introduces us to seven recent graduates of Georgetown University: Billy , Wendy , Alec , Kevin , Jules , Kirby , and Leslie . The film jumps forward to a hospital where the group awaits to learn of the status of Billy and Wendy, who were in a driving accident. Neither of them is seriously hurt, but Wendy’s car is destroyed as a result of Billy’s recklessness. Billy is arrested at the hospital under drunk driving charges. While at the hospital, Kirby sees a medical student named Dale , with whom he has been infatuated since college. Later the group gathers at their favorite college hang out, St. Elmo’s Bar. It is revealed that the cause of Billy\'s drunkenness was his recent firing from a job that Alec helped get him. Alec, at the studio apartment he shares with Leslie, tells her he is trying to get a better-paying job, even though it means switching political parties. He pressures Leslie to marry him, but Leslie isn\'t convinced that she\'s ready. Meanwhile, at Kevin and Kirby’s apartment, Kirby tells Kevin of his love for Dale. Billy later comes over to stay, saying he can\'t deal with his wife. After a shopping trip with the girls, Jules invites Kevin over to her apartment where he is incredulous at its extravagance. Jules asks Kevin why he has never made a pass at her, and accuses him of being gay and in love with Alec. Kevin visits Alec and Leslie for dinner. Alec confesses to Kevin that while buying lingerie for Leslie, he had sex with the lingerie saleswoman. Leslie then tries on the red slip Alec bought, and the two end up fooling around, leaving Kevin to cook dinner. Later Kevin, in a conversation with a prostitute, asks her why she has never tried to solicit him. She responds that she thought he was gay. Billy visits Wendy at the welfare office where she works, and joins her for dinner with her relatives. Wendy borrows money from her father , who pressures her to get married. While drunk, Billy climbs onto the roof where Wendy follows him and they discuss after-college life with Wendy revealing she is a virgin. They later kiss on the couch, but after he tries to take it further, she tells him they should not see each other anymore. During Halloween at St. Elmo’s Bar, Jules reveals to Leslie that she is having an affair with her married boss. Meanwhile, Billy, while playing saxophone, sees his wife with another man in the crowd and attacks him. Billy is fired and thrown out of the bar where he and his wife fight, then kiss. The girls have lunch at a soup kitchen where Wendy is working. Wendy and Leslie confront Jules over her affair with her boss. She tells them not to worry and leaves. Wendy and Leslie to talk about their relationships. Meanwhile, Billy, who is house-sitting for Mr. Kim, a wealthy Korean businessman, is caught by his boss with a woman, and fired. In drenching rain, Kirby follows Dale to a house party, and reveals his feelings for her. She tries to rebuff him, but fails. Billy returns to his old frat house at the college, where he ends up playing ball and asking for a job. He visits his wife and baby. She says she wants an annulment but Billy refuses, promising he will change. Kirby takes a job working for Mr. Kim. He invites Dale to a party he is secretly holding at Mr. Kim’s house. At the party, Wendy attends with a bookish-looking man named Howie , and Jules gets drunk. Alec then “announces” to the gathering that he and Leslie are engaged, upsetting her, as she had not consented. She confronts him about her suspicions of his infidelity, and Alec at first plays dumb. Enraged, he attacks Kevin, wrongly thinking Kevin had told Leslie about his misbehavior. Leslie is heartbroken, realizing she wasn\'t just being paranoid. Alec demands Leslie moves out of their apartment immediately. After the party, Kirby, who had been trying to find Dale, confronts Dale’s roommate, demanding to know where Dale is. Billy and Jules ride home. Jules is about to confide a secret in Billy, but all Billy wants is sex. Jules refuses, and throws him out of her car. Pursuing Dale, Kirby drives to the ski lodge where she is staying. The door is answered by a man, and Kirby, realizing it is Dale’s boyfriend, runs back to the car. He tries to drive away but the car becomes stuck in snow. Dale and her boyfriend convince him to come inside. Leslie, kicked out of her apartment, goes to Kevin’s place to stay. She discovers a box of photographs of her. Kevin confesses his love for her, and they make love. The next morning, Alec comes by, using the key Kevin had given him earlier, and apologizes. Leslie reveals her presence, wrapped only in an afghan, enraging Alec. In disbelief, he leaves. Mr. Kim arrives home, discovering his house in a mess from the party. Wendy, drunk and passed out on the staircase, tells him that he took her car. As Kirby prepares to leave Dale’s cottage, Dale tells him she is flattered by his affections. In a surprising moment, he kisses her, and she does not resist. Wendy meets her father at a café. She tells him that the car that Kirby borrowed  is fixed, but wants to return it to her father. She also tells him she does not want to marry Howie, the man her parents arranged her to date, and that she wants to move out. Leslie goes over to her apartment to pick up her possessions, and is surprised to find Alec there, not at work. They squabble over the record collection, and fight about their affairs. Alec then mutters to himself how he still wants Leslie, but she doesn\'t hear. In the climax of the film, Leslie asks for help and reveals that Jules has for weeks been pretending to go to work. Having been unable to make the payments, her car and furniture were repossessed. In shock, Jules has locked herself into her apartment with the windows wide open, admitting the freezing winter air. The boys come over to rescue her, climbing on to the fire escape. Kirby goes off to find Billy, who now works at a gas station. Kevin tells Alec that he was the one who got Billy the job this time. Enraged, Alec attacks Kevin again, dangling him over the edge of the fire escape, but with Leslie’s intervention, he calms down. Alec, still annoyed, doesn\'t seem to be concerned about Jules anymore until Leslie, for the first time in their relationship, aggressively tells him to back off. An exhausted Jules finally unlocks her door just as Billy bursts through it. Jules reveals that she is disgusted with her behavior towards her "step-monster" and that recently for the first time, they shared a real conversation, but then she fell into a coma and isn\'t expected to awake. Billy consoles and comforts her, comparing her behavior to St. Elmo\'s fire . She finally laughs, indicating to the others that she is all right. Wendy moves into her own place, where Billy comes to visit and states that has agreed to a divorce, pays back some of the money he owes her and announces he is moving to New York and pursue a career as a saxophonist. He asks her for a "going away present," which turns out to be them making love. At the bus station, the group says goodbye to Billy. Billy whispers to Alec, "don\'t let her go," motioning to Leslie. The opening montage of the group at graduation appears again, bringing the film full circle. Leslie announces that she needs to be alone for a while, not dating either Alec or Kevin. Alec and Kevin agree and make up as friends. Once at St. Elmo\'s Bar, the group decides to have brunch on Sunday, but not at St. Elmo\'s Bar; they instead choose Houlihan\'s because there\'s "not so many kids" there. This symbolizes that they are finally moving on from college life and ready to enter the real world as adults.'] ["Delmar Youngblood is a single mother with a passion for cooking; she dreams of opening her own restaurant called Food for the Heart, but in reality has a low-paid job as an insurance adjuster. Her best friend and roommate Hortense believes she would be a perfect wife for lawyer Stanley Diggers, though he wishes to advance his career before making a commitment. With their culinary talents and gift for hospitality, the two women host regular dinner parties for an assortment of family and friends. These include Jethro, Delmar's brother, who is a Mayan anthropology professor with an obsession for vintage Cadillacs, and his best friend Marlon, a freelance writer. There is also their pianist mother, Hannibal Youngblood, and her boyfiend, Mr. Ringold. When a friend of Hannibal's unexpectedly dies on one of these gatherings, her estranged daughter Missy Bainbridge comes to collect the body, and strikes up a relationship with Jethro. While searching through a junkyard to rescue a doomed Cadillac, Jethro and Marlon meet and befriend Moses Grady, a former convict who joins the gang and finds new purpose when he becomes attached to Delmar and her dream. Things get serious when Stanley makes Delmar an offer: he wants her to become a surrogate mother on behalf of his bigoted boss Mr. Spinner, whose wife is unable to conceive. This arrangement would provide Delmar with the money she needs to open her restauarant, make Stanley a partner in his law firm, and give Hortense the engagement ring she craves. Delmar accepts, and opens her restaurant in partnership with Moses, but in the third trimester she decides to keep the baby."] ["Conflicted, light-skinned Sergeant Waters  ruthlessly heaps abuse upon his men. He calls them names, but he especially relishes torturing the jovial and highly talented C.J. Memphis ([[Larry Riley . Sergent Waters especially cannot stand the light-hearted behavior from the fellow black men in the platoon. When Waters is killed, there are plenty of suspects for Captain Davenport  to investigate. Some soldiers also believe that Sergeant Waters was killed by the Ku Klux Klan. Art Evans plays Private Wilkie, a nervous man too acquiescent for his own good. David Alan Grier plays C.J.'s closest friend, bonded by their Mississippi roots. Denzel Washington, in one of his earliest motion picture roles, portrays the deeply embittered Pfc. Peterson."] ['Summer of Sam is the story of a group of people in New York City  in the summer of 1977, a time when the headlines were dominated by the Son of Sam serial killer case. While the Son of Sam is terrorizing New York City, fear-driven residents of a tight-knit Italian-American neighborhood begin to suspect anyone who doesn\'t fit in with the crowd. The movie focuses on a pair of young couples: John Leguizamo plays Vincent , an unfaithful hairdresser married to Dionna , a hard-working waitress; and Adrien Brody as Ritchie, one of Vincent\'s closest friends and a newly-turned punk who dates a woman named Ruby ; Ritchie leads a secret life dancing and selling himself for sex at a gay theatre. A couple who interrupted Vinny having sex with Dionna\'s cousin are killed, and Vinny begins to believe the "Son of Sam" will come after him. Local mob boss Luigi  decides to take it on himself to identify the killer. Vinny\'s friend Joey devises a list of suspects, mainly people he doesn\'t like; at the top of the list is Ritchie, mainly because of his flamboyant and strange lifestyle. Summer temperatures top 100°F, and a blackout hits the five boroughs. Luigi attempts to calm and protect the neighborhood by holding a block party, while Joey leads a mob to defend the borders, beating anyone who tries to enter. Meanwhile, Vinny and Dionna try to go to CBGB to see Ritchie\'s band, but are intimidated by the punks in the crowd. They end up at an orgy party where they get stoned and have sex. Returning home, Vinny mocks Dionna, who leaves him. Joey and his friends strongly suspect Ritchie is the killer; Vinny attempts to dissuade them, but fails. Vinny watches as Ritchie is beaten, only to be rescued by his stepfather, who reveals the Son of Sam was already captured in Yonkers. Unable to face Ritchie, Vinny walks away.'] ['Melvin is a onetime medical student who has dropped out of medical training and now works  in a planning office of an unnamed city; the office supervisor is his big sister, so she "mothers" him instead of making him perform well. Melvin accidentally makes telephone contact with an old friend, and they decide to meet that evening for dinner. The friend decides to arrive early at the restaurant for drinks with a lady friend. By the time the dinner appointment arrives, there are 4 people involved, all of them connected in some way to at least one of the other parties. The evening passes in a leisurely dinner with much conversation, sometimes intimate. The connections between the parties are revealed throughout the evening. The movie includes several flashbacks, which at the start are not explained but which become understandable by the end.'] ["The introductory storyline involves hitmen Lee Woods and Dosmo Pizzo. The two kill Roy Foxx while he lies in bed after they inject Roy's ex-wife, Becky, with a tranquilizer. The day afterward, Woods turns on Pizzo, shooting him and blowing up their car in order to set him up as the fall guy. Woods flees the scene with his Norwegian girlfriend Helga. Dosmo survives, seeking shelter at the house of Allan Hopper, an abrasive art dealer who suffers from kidney stones. He takes Hopper and his much abused assistant, Susan Parish, hostage. He is completely unaware of the fact that Hopper has called his older sister, Audrey, over to the house for medical help. On the way over to her brother's house, Audrey, a nurse, picks up Teddy Peppers, a down and out TV producer contemplating suicide. Meanwhile, Becky awakens in horror when she discovers Roy's body in bed beside her. She runs from her house and flags down two vice detectives who happen to be driving through. Although he initially feels sympathetic, Wes Taylor begins to feel suspicious, wondering if Becky knows more than she is telling. Later it is revealed that Becky hired Woods and Dosmo to kill Roy for $30,000. Becky, who was unaware that Woods planned to kill Roy in her own house, stashed the payment in her house. The divergent paths of the characters cross, with deadly consequences, after Woods decides to go back to the house to get the money."] ["Several Los Angeles residents meet on Christmas Eve through chance, tragedy, loss and divine intervention. Patrick Swayze plays the sleazy owner of the strip club where Jessica Biel's character dances. Biel's character, Rose-Johnny, is a dancer and single mother whose young son is in a coma. Eddie Redmayne portrays a young mortician who falls in love with her. Kris Kristofferson plays the head of a corporate crime organization who tries to convince his former employee  not to seek vengeance on his co-workers. Liotta's character later reveals to Rose-Johnny that he is her father. Forest Whitaker, who also serves as a producer on the film, is a suicidal ex-priest. Alejandro Romero plays a transvestite prostitute who shares an unexpected emotional bond with the priest.Powder Blue  - Plot summary from the Internet Movie Database"] ["Money Hai Toh Honey Hai is a striking comedy, which deals with six individual characters. Bobby Arora ([[Govinda , who is a happy go lucky guy, who runs away from home to prove himself as a to-do child. Lallabhai  becomes wealthy after his win of 1 crore rupees in lottery. But he’s back on the road as his business fails and he loses all his money. Gaurav , a copy writer who is fired from his job. Manik , who is a struggling model who sleeps with a middle-aged fashion designer, hoping to make it big. Ashima Kapoor , a successful TV star but she’s not happy with her career and is desperate to do films as the lead heroine. Shruti  is a struggling dress designer. One fine day, they all get an SMS informing them that they are the owners of Shahenshah Jaiswal's  1000 crore company. However, their happiness do not last long for their lawyer reveals that there’s a loan of 1200 crore on the company and they must repay it and until the loan is repaid, they would be kept under house arrest. So, using the extra cloth left from the failing send to Korea they make garments. But not just any, the type they make is enough for an ordinary person to buy. They display that in a fashion show, getting ordinary people from the street. At the end, they succeed and keep on making more stores for other parts of India with the help of the bank. The movie ends with Bobby and Ashima getting married."] ['Charlie  is an English tour guide who takes groups of Americans on whirlwind 18-day sightseeing tours of Europe. Among his various clients on his latest trip are Samantha  with whom he wants to have an affair; a man who desires a pair of custom-made Italian shoes from a certain cobbler in Rome; and a vet who is reliving his World War II experiences.'] ["An unknown woman's body is seen caught in the lantana bush, missing a shoe. Leon , a police officer, and Jane ([[Rachael Blake  have sex in a motel room. They part ways, and we see that Leon and his wife Sonja  attend Latin dance classes that recently separated Jane is also taking. Leon does not enjoy the classes, and is seen savagely beating a drug dealer during a bust. He has emotional issues, but won't confront or admit to them. Sonja sees a therapist, Valerie  who has just published a book on her own daughter's murder 18 months ago. She and her husband, John,  are barely on speaking terms; he later refers to their marriage as held together by their grief. She feels threatened by another patient of hers, Patrick Phelan, who is having an affair with a married man and is forcing Valerie to confront her own issues in her marriage to John. Hoping to see Leon again, Jane purposely bumps into him outside the police station, and they have sex again, despite Leon's reservations about taking it any further. Her next door neighbour, Nik, is upset that she is seeing someone because he is friends with her estranged husband Pete, who wants to return home. Jane pairs up with Sonja in the next salsa class, which angers Leon; he ends their arrangement, which upsets Jane. She invites Nik over for coffee at the behest of his wife, Paula, with whom she is friendly, and offers him money as they are struggling. Paula starts to dislike Jane because of it. Valerie is coming home late one night and drives off the road. She is stranded, and makes several calls to John, who does not answer. Finally, she is seen approaching a car coming along the road, but never makes it home. Leon is the investigating detective on the case, and looks into her office and notes. Surprised at seeing his wife's name and file, he takes a recording of their sessions. Leon arrives home late but Sonja is not asleep: he asks her about her therapy sessions with Valerie, they discuss their relationship and he tells her of his affair which had just ended, but that he still loves her. Sonja is very upset and feels betrayed. Leon sleeps on the couch, in the morning Sonja says he'll be lucky if she returns home that night. Leon goes to John's house to interrogate him as the main suspect in his wife's disappearance. Leon starts a discussion about love, marriage and having affairs but lies to John when asked if he ever had an affair. Leon goes to Jane's house on police duty, because she has placed a call. Her neighbours are Paula , a nurse, and Nik . Jane was up late one night, watching Nik arrive home and throw something in the bushes across the road from her house: later she finds it is a woman's shoe. Leon and his partner arrive at Jane's and declare that the shoe was Valerie's. The police take Nik to the station and he leaves his children with Jane. Police call Paula to come in from her work. Neither Nik nor Paula knows that Jane made the police call. Although Paula does not like Jane, she calls her to thank her for minding their children. The police interrogate Nik but he refuses to answer questions about Valerie, repeatedly asking to see Paula. After seeing his wife, Nik calms down and talks with Leon and his partner. Valerie had car trouble and Nik was driving past; he agreed to give her a lift to her home but she panicked when he took a back road short cut and left his truck. Valerie had run off leaving behind her shoe. Paula goes to Jane's house to get her children, where she tells her that Nik is innocent of Valerie's disappearance. Jane asks how she knows that, and Paula simply replies that he told her. Jane asks if she can spend more time with the kids, but Paula forbids it, after seeing how Jane went over into her house and tidied it. Leon, his partner, Nik, and John go to the place where Valerie jumped out of the truck. They find her body where she had accidentally fallen down a ravine. Leon listens to the rest of the therapy tape where his wife had said that she still loved him and he bursts into tears. Leon returns home and sees his wife outside. Jane salsa dances alone, drinking and smoking, while Pete leaves her. Patrick is pained to see his lover happily spending time with his wife and kids. Nik and Paula appear to have recovered from the whole affair, and seem to have been the only honest and happy people of them all. The movie ends with Sonja and Leon dancing together seductively. Leon, who at the beginning of the film finds dancing with his wife difficult, now appears to be doing well. He looks Sonja directly in her eyes and dances just as she always wanted. Sonja struggles to initially return Leon's gaze but does so just before the movie ends."] ['The Narrator  tells us how the radio influenced his childhood in the days before TV. Allen himself narrated the stories of his youth, although he is never seen by the audience. The young Allen is portrayed onscreen by Seth Green as "Joe". In the New York City of his youth in the late 1930s to a rooftop overlooking Times Square on New Year\'s Eve 1944, this coming-of-age tale mixes the narrator\'s experiences with his remembrances and anecdotes, inserting his memories of urban legends of the radio stars, and is told in constantly changing plot points and vignettes. Even though the narrator\'s Jewish-American family lives modestly in the Queens, New York neighborhood of Rockaway Beach, each member at one point during the film finds in radio shows an escape from reality through the gossip of celebrities, sports legends of the day, game shows, and crooners, with the majority of the stories taking place in the glitz and glamour of Manhattan. For the narrator, the action adventure shows on the radio  inspire him, as he daydreams about buying a secret decoder ring, an attractive substitute teacher, movie stars , and World War II. Meanwhile, several other parallel stories are told, from an aspiring radio star named Sally White , the narrator\'s Aunt Bea  and her  search for love, and during the middle of the film on the radio the tragic story is told about a little girl named Polly Phelps, who falls into a well near Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. It becomes a big national story and as the family listens in, sadly little Polly does not survive.'] [' The film portrays two conflicts that take place around Flagstone, a fictional town in the American Old West: a land battle related to construction of a railroad, and a mission of vengeance against a cold-blooded killer. The main storyline revolves around a struggle for Sweetwater, a piece of land near Flagstone containing the region\'s only water source. The land was bought by Brett McBain, who foresaw that the railroad would have to pass through that area to provide water for the steam locomotives. When railroad tycoon Morton learns of this, he sends his hired gun Frank to simply intimidate McBain to move off the land, but Frank instead kills McBain and his three children, planting evidence on the scene to frame the bandit Cheyenne and his gang. By the time McBain\'s new bride, Jill, arrives from New Orleans, the family is dead and she is the owner of the land.  Meanwhile, a mysterious harmonica-playing gunman, whom Cheyenne later dubs "Harmonica", pursues Frank. In the film\'s opening scene, Harmonica kills three men sent by Frank to kill him, and, in a roadhouse on the way to Sweetwater, he informs Cheyenne that the three gunfighters he killed appeared to be posing as Cheyenne\'s men. Sometime later, Harmonica kills two men sent by Frank to kill Jill. Back at Sweetwater, construction materials are delivered to build a railroad station and a small town. Harmonica explains to Cheyenne that Jill will lose Sweetwater unless the station is built by the time the track\'s construction crews reach that point, and Cheyenne puts his men to work building it.  Meanwhile, Frank turns against Morton, who wanted to make a deal with Jill. Frank\'s betrayal is made easy by the fact that Morton is crippled. After having his way with her, Frank forces Jill to sell the property in an auction. He tries to buy the farm cheaply by intimidating the other bidders, but Harmonica arrives, holding Cheyenne at gunpoint, and makes a much higher bid based on his reward money for delivering Cheyenne to the authorities. After rebuffing another intimidation attempt by Frank, Harmonica sells the farm back to Jill. At this point, some of Frank\'s men try to kill Frank, having been paid by Morton to turn against him, but Harmonica helps Frank kill them in order to save that privilege for himself. After Morton and the rest of Frank\'s men are killed in a battle with Cheyenne\'s gang, Frank goes to Sweetwater to confront Harmonica. On two occasions, Frank has asked Harmonica who he is, but both times Harmonica refused to answer him. Instead, he mysteriously quoted names of men Frank has murdered. The two men position themselves for a duel, at which point Harmonica\'s motive for revenge is revealed in a flashback: When Harmonica was a boy, Frank forced the boy to kill his own brother by tying a noose to the top of an arch, placing it around the brother\'s neck, and forcing the struggling Harmonica to support his brother on his shoulders with a harmonica in his mouth. Harmonica draws first and shoots Frank, and when Frank again asks who he is, he puts the harmonica in Frank\'s mouth. Frank nods weakly in recognition and dies. With Frank dead, Harmonica and Cheyenne say goodbye to Jill, who is supervising construction of the train station as the track-laying crews reach Sweetwater. Cheyenne collapses, revealing that he was shot during the fight with Frank\'s gang. The work train arrives, Jill is carrying water to the rail workers, and Harmonica rides off with Cheyenne\'s body.'] ["The Five Senses is about interconnected stories linked by a building which examine situations involving the five senses. Touch is represented by Ruth Seraph, a massage therapist who is treating Anna Miller. Ruth's daughter Rachel accidentally loses Anna's pre-school daughter, Amy Lee, in the park, when Rachel is distracted by the sight of a couple making love in the woods. Rachel meets a voyeur named Rupert , and they become friends as fellow outsiders while he teaches her the pleasure of observing others. They eventually go to one of Rachel's hiding places, where she has him dress in a woman's wig. Meanwhile, Ruth tries to help Anna cope with the disappearance of Amy Lee and stays the night at her home. Robert, a professional housecleaner, has an acute sense of smell, and seeks out the people he used to see to absorb their scents and see if he can smell any feeling for him or why they stopped caring for him. His professional clients include his friends Raymond and Rebecca, who makes perfume. Robert's friend Rona, a cake maker, has lost her sense of taste, and has romantic problems after Roberto, whom she met on a vacation in Italy, arrives. Dr. Richard Jacob, an older optometrist, is losing his hearing and wants to remember all the sounds before he goes deaf. He had separated from his wife Sylvie, but later connects to a woman named Gail  who helps him to cope and feel better about himself. In the end, Amy Lee is found, and Ruth and Rachel are reconciled."] ['The very beginning of the film, before the opening credits, shows a new widow sitting in a life insurance office. Expecting to be compensated for her husband\'s death, the widow is informed that she is not entitled to full death benefits because the insurance company has captured footage of her husband smoking and attributes cigarettes to his death. Abe Holt looks on as his co-worker convinces the widow that she\'s lucky to leave with a small fraction of the award she was expecting. The film centers around three vehicle crashes, which are first introduced to the viewer one after another at the very beginning of the movie. The first shows a young couple flying through the open roof of their convertible, which has been ejected over a cliff. They swim to shore, where the woman hits the leg of her fellow passenger with a pipe. The second involves a city bus and insurance adjustor Abe Holt , who has arrived at the scene on the suspicion that many of the passengers boarded the bus after the accident, looking to file a claim. Holt bluffs, claiming a hidden camera will help sort out who was truly on the bus; many leave, and his co-worker  quickly tells him their company wants him to investigate a crash in the remote and desolate town of North Hastings, Minnesota. The third crash involves an unnamed young man who is stranded at the side of the road on a rainy night, after stopping in the local bar. He accepts a ride from the man who has drained his gas tank, who proceeds to speed the car against the wall of a tunnel, injuring his passenger in the wreck. The anonymous man is dragged to the front seat and buckled in before the gas is poured over the car and set ablaze. However, to those who later discover the crash it appears that Kelvin Anderson has died after crashing his own car into the tunnel wall, prompting a spontaneous vehicle fire that burned his body beyond recognition. The local police are convinced it is an open-and-shut case, as Kelvin’s driver\'s license is found in the glovebox, the plates on the car match Kelvin\'s, and Kelvin\'s sister, Isold , lives on the other side of the tunnel. However, Holt is suspicious because while the body is conveniently unidentifiable the license is still intact and Isold, the sole beneficiary of the $1 million policy, is skittish and was not expecting her brother\'s visit. Isold’s husband, the suspiciously cheerful and vaguely threatening "Fred" McBride , further convinces Holt there\'s something else to this case. As he continues to investigate the case Holt discovers a number of surprising secrets, among them the fact that Frederick McBride is actually dead  and that the supposedly dead Kelvin has a record as a con man. The most convincing evidence are photos of Kelvin, from his criminal record and high school, showing him looking like the man posing as "Fred." Holt eventually determines that the charred body pulled from the car wreck is not Kelvin\'s, that Isold\'s "husband" is actually her brother Kelvin. A flashback reveals that the couple from the convertible seen at the opening of the movie was Isold and Kelvin, wrecking their car—and Kelvin\'s leg—for insurance money. When Isold figures out that her brother has murdered an innocent drifter she is horrified, but Kelvin convinces her to "play her part" in this last con by holding hostage her  son Thor. When Isold visits the insurance office to collect on Kelvin\'s policy, Holt—in an echo of the movie\'s opening scene—informs her that he cannot award her the full $1 million she expects, only the blue book value of his car . Isold leaves angrily; when Holt tells her she\'s lucky he hasn\'t exposed her as an accessory to murder, she tells him that her brother has taken Thor. Moved and concerned, Holt puts a one-day hold on her check  and changes the name of the insured on the policy from "Kelvin Anderson" to "Frederick McBride." The next day Isold cashes her check and opens a safety deposit box, in which she puts a childhood picture of her and her brother. She returns to the motel where Kelvin is staying with Thor, and tries to convince him that she has left the rest of the money in the safety deposit box so that she can leave with Thor. Kelvin doesn\'t buy it, and gets in his car with Thor—only to find he\'s held at gunpoint by Holt, in the backseat. Holt tells Isold to leave with the boy and Fred speeds off, buckling his seatbelt . Kelvin crashes the car, killing both men, and Isold is awarded the full benefits of the tampered life insurance policy.'] ['Several American and British civilians are stuck in a lifeboat in the North Atlantic after their ship and a U-boat sink each other in combat. Willi , a German survivor, is pulled aboard and denies being an enemy officer. During an animated debate, Kovac  demands the German be thrown out and allowed to drown. However, cooler heads prevail, with Garrett  and columnist Connie Porter  asserting the German\'s prisoner of war status, and he is allowed to stay. One passenger, an infant, dies almost immediately after boarding. His mother is a young English woman ([[Heather Angel , who, after being treated by a nurse ([[Mary Anderson , must be tied down to stop her from hurting herself. The woman sneaks off the boat while the other passengers sleep, drowning herself in the night. The film then follows the lifeboat inhabitants as they attempt to organize their rations, set a course for Bermuda, and coexist as they try to survive. The characters start out being good-natured, cooperative, and optimistic about rescue. However, they descend into desperation, dehydration, and frustration with each other. The back stories of the characters are examined, and divisions of race, religion, sex, class, and nationality are brought to the surface. The passengers also cooperate through this stress, such as when they must amputate the leg of one of their boatmates due to gangrene. Kovac takes charge, rationing the little food and water they have, but Willi gradually takes control away from him. Willi is later revealed to be the U-boat captain. One morning, while the others are sleeping, the injured German-American Gus Smith  catches Willi drinking water from a hidden flask. Too delirious and weak to wake anybody up, Gus is pushed overboard by Willi and drowns while the others sleep. Upon waking, the others discover Gus missing and Willi is questioned. When they notice that the German is sweating, the other passengers discover the hoarded flask in his jacket. In a spasm of anger they descend upon him as a group, beat him, and throw him overboard, striking him multiple times with Gus\'s boot to prevent him from re-boarding. Musing on Willi\'s treachery, Rittenhouse  asks, "What do you do with people like that?" The survivors are subsequently spotted by the German supply ship to which Willi had been steering them. Before a launch can pick them up, both the supply ship and rescue-lifeboat are sunk by an Allied warship. A frightened young German seaman is pulled aboard the lifeboat. He pulls a gun on the boat occupants but is surprised and disarmed. He asks in German, "Aren\'t you going to kill me?" The film ends with surviving passengers arguing about keeping the new German sailor aboard or throwing him off to drown as they await the Allied vessel to rescue them. Again the question is asked, "What do you do with people like that?"'] ['In 1921 in the poor part of an Austrian town called Melchiorgasse there are only two wealthy people: the butcher Josef Geiringer and his wife. Mrs. Greifer runs a fashion boutique and a nightclub patronized by wealthy Viennese. Annexed to the nightclub is Merkl Hotel, a brothel to which the women of the nightclub bring their clients. The film follows the lives of two women from the same poor neighborhood as they try to better themselves during the period of Austrian postwar hyperinflation. They are Marie, who becomes a prostitute, and Grete who does not. At the finale Else kills the butcher because he will not give her meat. The poor of the neighborhood, hearing the sounds of the nightclub, revolt against the clients by throwing stones. The nightclub burns down killing two beggars. Only Grete seems to have any hope of leaving Melchiorgasse and this because of her relationship with an American Red Cross officer.'] ['The story follows two main characters: Judah Rosenthal, a successful ophthalmologist, and Clifford Stern, a small-time filmmaker. Judah, a respectable family man, is having an affair with flight attendant Dolores Paley. After it becomes clear to her that Judah will not end his marriage, Dolores, scorned, threatens to inform his wife of their affair. Dolores\' letter to Miriam is intercepted and destroyed by Judah, but she sustains the pressure on him with her threats of revelation. She is also aware of some ethically questionable financial deals Judah has made, which adds to his stress. He confides in a patient, Ben, a rabbi who is rapidly losing his eyesight. Ben advises openness and honesty between Judah and his wife, but Judah does not wish to imperil his marriage. Desperate, Judah turns to his brother, Jack, who hires a hitman to kill Dolores. Before her corpse is discovered, Judah retrieves letters and other items from her apartment  in order to cover his tracks. Stricken with guilt, Judah turns to the religious teachings he had rejected, believing for the first time that a just God is watching him and passing judgment. Cliff, meanwhile, has been hired by his pompous brother-in-law, Lester, a successful television producer, to make a documentary celebrating Lester\'s life and work. Cliff grows to despise him. While filming and mocking the subject, Cliff falls in love with Lester\'s associate producer, Halley Reed . Despondent over his failing marriage to Lester\'s sister Wendy, he woos Halley, showing her footage from his ongoing documentary about Prof. Louis Levy , a renowned philosopher. He makes sure Halley is aware that he is shooting Lester\'s documentary merely for the money so he can finish his more meaningful project with Levy. Cliff\'s disrespect and dislike for Lester become evident in a first screening of the film. It juxtaposes footage of Lester with clownesque poses of Benito Mussolini addressing a throng of supporters from a balcony; it also depicts Lester yelling at his employees and clumsily making a pass at an attractive young actress. Cliff learns that Professor Levy, whom he had been profiling on the strength of his celebration of life, has committed suicide, leaving a curt note, "I\'ve gone out the window." When Halley visits to comfort him, he makes a pass at her, which she gently rebuffs, telling him she isn\'t ready for romance in her life. Adding to Cliff\'s burdens, Halley leaves for London, where Lester is offering her a producing job; when she returns several months later, Cliff is astounded to discover that she and Lester are engaged. Hearing that Lester sent Halley a bouquet of white roses every week they were in London, Cliff is crestfallen as he realizes he is incapable of that kind of ostentatious display. His last romantic gesture to Halley had been a love letter which, he admits, he had plagiarized almost entirely from James Joyce. In the final scene, Judah and Cliff meet by happenstance at the wedding of the daughter of rabbi Ben, who is Cliff\'s brother-in-law and Judah\'s patient. Once deeply anguished by the murder he arranged, Judah has worked through his guilt and is enjoying life once more; the murder had been blamed on a drifter with a record. He draws Cliff into a supposedly hypothetical discussion that draws upon his moral quandary. Judah says that with time, any crisis will pass; but Cliff morosely claims instead that one is forever fated to bear one\'s burdens for "crimes and misdemeanors."'] ["Luke Wilson appears as an ex-con working in a retirement home, with Luke's other brother, Owen Wilson, as the home's head nurse. Eva Mendes co-stars as Luke Wilson's character's love-interest. The film also features Eddie Griffin, Kris Kristofferson, Harry Dean Stanton, Seymour Cassel and Will Ferrell."] ["Dogs in Space is a show about a group of young music fans sharing a house in the inner Melbourne suburb of Richmond. The style of the film is a legacy of Lowenstein's background in advertising and music video production; before Dogs in Space he had served as director for a series of promotional clips for songs from the INXS album The Swing. The script was developed from Lowenstein's own experiences and the central character Sam is based on Sam Sejavka from the band The Ears, with whom Lowenstein lived in the 1970s. Chuck Meo, who plays a drummer in the movie, also lived with the pair. The house, in Berry Street, was the same house Lowenstein and Sejavka shared and was rented from its new owners and modified at considerable expense for the film. Lowenstein wrote himself out of the film and several of his exploits were attributed to the character Tim . Sejavka has a brief cameo in a party scene as a character called Michael. In the film, Sam and Tim are the key members of a band called Dogs in Space and share their house with various social misfits including Sam's girlfriend Anna , a university student called Luchio  and a transient and apparently nameless teenager known only as The Girl , a character based extremely closely on Sara, who for a period lived with Lowenstein at Berry Street. The film's minimal plot traces the day-to-day existence of the characters, particularly the relationship between Sam and Anna, and is virtually an endless sequence of intense party scenes involving heavy substance-abuse. In between, there are trips to Ballarat  and humorous encounters with an aggressive neighbour  and one character's fast-talking, chainsaw-wielding uncle , who simply turns up one afternoon with his family . There is also a minor sub-plot in which the characters try unsuccessfully to pass off some rubbish burned in an oven as a piece of Skylab to a local radio station. In the end, the group's dysfunctional and hedonistic lifestyle claims a victim when Anna dies from a heroin overdose."] ["The film is an ensemble comedy-drama that focuses on the group of people, each of whom is afraid of the water, that join an adult swim class. Amy Pierson  is a calculus teacher going through a divorce with her husband, Paul . Noah Owens  is the teacher of the swim class who is battling depression until he meets Jordan , a beautiful casino dealer/exotic dancer who wants to learn how to swim. Other members in the class include a cop , a cocky woman who already knows how to swim , and a married couple . Jordan's brother, David  and his obnoxious friend Hunter  are trying to make a documentary about her."] ["Returning to her native Turin for the opening of a branch of a Rome fashion salon, the elegant Clelia  discovers a young woman named Rosetta Savoni  near death in the next room of her hotel. Rosetta took an overdose of sleeping pills in an attempt to commit suicide. Clelia, who is alone in her hometown, befriends Rosetta and her three wealthy friends. Momina De Stefani  is separated from her husband and easily replaces lovers. Nene  is a talented artist becoming successful in her career; she is married to a frustrated painter named Lorenzo  who envies the success of his wife. Mariella  is futile. Clelia is attracted by Carlo , the assistant of the salon's architect, Cesare Pedoni , but he belongs to the working class living in a different social reality. When Momina and Clelia discover that the reason Rosetta tried to commit suicide was because she felt in love for Lorenzo, the cynical Momina encourages Rosetta to stay with him, even though he and Nene were supposed to marry soon. The advice leads to tragic consequences."] ['Mike and Gunther lead a boring life in Munich. Hanna, Mike’s girl friend, wants to get married but he is not interested. The two friends get hold of a treasure map of the Rio das Mortes area and decide to set out to find it in Peru. They are looking for freedom and adventure. Against Hanna’s opposition, the car is sold, and the two men try to raise money. Their ignorance and clumsiness seems to lead to failure, but eventually, by luck, they find a sponsor. In the final scene, rejected Hanna, at the Munich airport is about to shoot them as they walk to the airplane.'] ["Combining elements of Tennessee Williams and William Faulkner, the story focuses on eighteen-year-old Purslane Hominy Will, who leaves the Florida trailer park where she lives with her abusive boyfriend to return to her hometown of New Orleans following the drug overdose death of her jazz singer mother Lorraine, a free spirit she had not seen for several years. The girl is startled to discover one-time Auburn University professor of literature Bobby Long and his protégé and former teaching assistant, struggling writer Lawson Pines, living in her dilapidated childhood home. Both men are heavy drinkers who spend their days smoking numerous cigarettes, quoting Dylan Thomas, Benjamin Franklin, and T.S. Eliot, playing chess, and spending time with the neighbors while Bobby strums a guitar and sings melancholy country-folk songs. The two convince Pursy her mother left the house to all three of them, although in reality she is the sole heir and the time they legally are allowed to remain in it is limited by the terms of the will. Pursy moves in and proves to be the most responsible and sensible member of the dysfunctional family the three create. The men's efforts to drive her away gradually abate as they grow fond of her with the passing of time. Bobby - unshaven, slovenly, and suffering from ailments he prefers to ignore - attempts to improve the lot of the young girl by introducing her to The Heart is a Lonely Hunter and encouraging her to return to high school and get her diploma. Lawson, suffering from writer's block, finds himself attracted to Pursy but hesitant to complicate his life further by becoming involved with her. Memories of Lorraine linger for all of them, especially Pursy, who vividly recalls her mother ignoring her in favor of pursuing a career. Her sense of who her mother was is altered somewhat when she finds a cache of letters Lorraine wrote her but never mailed, letters that lead her to discover not only how her mother really felt about her, but the true identity of her father as well."] ['The small Maritime island town of Wilby is preparing for its annual fair as a scandal threatens to rock its very foundation: the local newspaper is about to publish details and names of men caught during a police raid at Wilby Watch, the one remaining undeveloped area on the island.{{Citation needed}} The scandal will force the characters to reevaluate their lives and come to terms with their own secrets and lies.{{Citation needed}}'] ['The tiny fishing village Ste-Marie-la-Mauderne on the north coast of Quebec is in decline, and everyone collects welfare. In order to lure a company to build a plastic container factory in the area, they need to have about twice their population of 120 and a resident doctor, as well as a $50,000 bribe for the company owner. Montreal plastic surgeon Dr. Christopher Lewis  gets pulled over for speeding by an officer originally from Ste-Marie-la-Mauderne, and in exchange for not arresting Dr. Lewis for drug possession, he convinces Dr. Lewis to visit Ste-Marie-la-Mauderne for a month. A deleted scene showed Dr. Lewis selling cocaine to his patients. The town Mayor Germain Lesage  hatches a plan for the entire village to convince Dr. Lewis to stay, tapping his phone, taking him fishing, pretending to like cricket, fusion jazz, and the foods Dr. Lewis likes. A local banker leaves small amounts of money for Dr. Lewis to find and attempts to secure a loan for the bribe. Dr. Lewis likes the local post office worker Ève Beauchemin , but Ève knows Dr. Lewis has a girlfriend named Brigitte in Montreal. The ruse works, but they are unable to secure a loan. Local banker Henri Giroux  fronts the money from his personal savings after being told by a bank executive he was nothing more than an ATM. When the company owner arrives, the town continues their elaborate ruse and convinces him to build the factory there. The owner is ready to sign but insists that they have a doctor. Dr. Lewis learns that Brigitte has been having an affair with his best friend for three years and says he plans to stay because everyone in the village is genuine. Germain feels bad for lying to him and confesses their ruse during a heartfelt speech explaining that a doctor in residence would save Ste-Marie-la-Mauderne. Dr. Lewis decides to stay, and the factory is built, saving the village and giving everyone renewed pride.'] ["Life is difficult in a small town in British Columbia, Canada in the wake of a terrible school bus accident in which numerous local children are killed. Hardly able to cope with the loss, their grieving parents are approached by a lawyer, Mitchell Stephens , who wants them to sue for damages by claiming the bus was faulty. Stephens is aware that urging for a class action suit while the town is so aggrieved is ethically questionable, but persists anyway. He is meanwhile haunted by his dysfunctional relationship with his own adult daughter whom he may soon lose permanently to drug abuse. At first most of the parents are reluctant to sue, but eventually they are persuaded by Stephens that filing a class action lawsuit would ease their minds and also be the right thing to do. As most of the children are dead, the case now depends on the few surviving witnesses to say the right things in court. In particular, it is 15-year-old Nicole Burnell , who was sitting at the front of the bus and is now paralyzed from the waist down, whose deposition is all-important. Before the accident, Nicole was a budding country music prodigy and she senses that her parents want justice and a large cash settlement to replace her lost music earnings—and not necessarily in that order. In the pretrial deposition, she unexpectedly accuses driver Dolores Driscoll ([[Gabrielle Rose  of speeding and thus causing the accident. When she does so, all hopes of holding the bus company liable vanish along with the possibility of a big settlement. It is implied that Nicole's motivation was partly to thwart and punish her parents, especially her sexually abusive father. Those involved know that Nicole is lying but can do nothing. The trial never occurs, leaving the townspeople, and Stephens, to cope in other ways with the uncertain future."] [":Note: The story of Exotica is not told in chronological order and important information is often revealed only late in the film. The following synopsis does not reflect the viewer's actual experience of the events as they unfold. Exotica presents a disparate group of characters whose lives are interconnected through the Exotica nightclub. Christina  is an exotic dancer at Exotica, owned by Zoe . Eric  is the club's DJ and Christina's former boyfriend, and is involved in a complex relationship with Zoe. Francis  is a customer who comes in nightly and always has Christina -- dressed in a schoolgirl uniform -- give him a private dance , which seems to inspire Eric's jealousy. Francis hires a teenaged girl  to babysit each night while he attends the nightclub. But Francis has no child and the girl waits in an empty house each night until her employer returns. In his professional life, Francis is a tax auditor for Revenue Canada, and Thomas  is a latent-gay pet store owner whose books of account Francis is auditing pursuant to a suspicion of Thomas running an illegal import business with revenues of $200,000 per year. Francis is eventually banned from the club when Eric manipulates him into touching Christina during one of her dances . Around the same time, Francis discovers illegal activities in Thomas' financial records, and forces Thomas to get involved in his conflict with Eric -- and we eventually learn that Francis' obsession with Christina has much more complex roots than it first appears. The film's final scene, set many years before the others, shows that the death of Francis' daughter and the discovery of her body is central to the lives of the main characters."] ['Having fortuitously discovered a photograph in which Marthe embraces someone unknown, clothed with a chequed jacket, Étienne Dorsay becomes jealous, and imagines various stratagems to identify the lover. In the meantime, Étienne and his friends acquire a weekend house for a very low price. As in the previous work, the film is largely narrated by the character Étienne, whose tone shifts with the reality of the images.  The film contains a certain number of allusions to the films of Blake Edwards .'] ['While traveling by train Shekhar attempts to woo Sanjana Sharma, but finds out she had given her heart to a former boyfriend, Rohit, who is no more. Both share some misadventures en-route to Simla, and upon arrival Shekhar openly declares his love for her knowing fully that this decision will bring nothing but heartbreak for him'] ["Jack  is a former womanizer and fashion photographer who is put in charge of his sister's 17-year-old-son when she leaves to find herself. During her leave, he attempts to revive his career while re-establishing a relationship with his nephew and son. In the midst of all this, Eli , his sister's ex-husband moves in after he loses his job."] ["The film is an exposé of the lives and loves of the residents of a small New England mill town, where scandal, homicide, suicide, incest, and moral hypocrisy hide behind a tranquil façade in the years immediately preceding and following World War II. At the core of its plot are three women. Constance MacKenzie is a prim and proper sexually repressed woman who had an affair with a married New York City businessman and bore him a child out of wedlock. She has struggled to shield her daughter Allison, a high school senior and aspiring author, from her tarnished past, leading her to believe she returned to Peyton Place with her newborn baby after her husband died. Selena Cross, Allison's best friend, is a good girl living on the wrong side of the tracks. Her alcoholic step-father, Lucas Cross, terrorizes the family, abusing his wife and child behind closed doors. Other characters include Allison's classmate and confidant Norman Page, anxious to gain his independence; bad girl Betty Anderson, who longs to have a relationship with wealthy Rodney Harrington; new school principal Michael Rossi, who attempts to crack Constance's icy veneer; and Dr. Matthew Swain, the town's leading physician who places his long time medical career in jeopardy to save Selena during the trial in which she is charged with Lucas's murder."] ['We first see Malik Williams , Kristen Connor , and Remy, , at the opening freshman pep rally and as they are decorating their rooms. Malik and Kristen meet in the elevator, with Kristen shielding her purse and Malik seeing this and resenting it. There is a montage of each putting up pictures and posters in their rooms. Track star Malik goes to his first practice unprepared, and is chastised severely by the coach. Kristen meets her roommate, Monet , a black girl, and attends a fraternity rush party. Monet and Malik attend a party with other black students, hosted by Fudge , a black nationalist. Remy, who is Fudge\'s roommate, is upset at the loud rap music being played late into the night. He calls security, who breaks up the party. Fudge is upset that they don\'t tell the room down the hall to stop their loud "hillbilly" music. Kristen, while walking home, meets Taryn , a junior lesbian student who warns Kristen about walking alone late at night and invites her to a student group. Malik\'s roommate, Wayne, is then introduced, with Malik angry about his filthy bed area. The next day, Fudge points out the self-segregation of the various ethnic groups on campus. We then see Malik\'s first class, with Professor Maurice Phipps . In the class, Malik\'s and Kristen\'s names  are called out for having financial problems, embarrassing them. They go to the financial aid office, where Kristen is told she needs a job, and Malik learns that his scholarship is partial, not full. He talks to the coach, who agrees to help him out if he keeps his grades up and works extra hard on the field. Fudge returns to his room with his friend Dreads , and plays his music loud, disrupting Remy\'s studying. When Remy complains, Fudge mocks and threatens him, causing Remy to move out. Later, Remy is beaten by Malik at a video game, then rejects an offer of pool from Wayne and David Isaacs, Remy\'s new Jewish roommate. Kristen is then shown getting drunk and leaving with frat boy Billy, retreating back to his frat room. After Billy initiates sex without a condom, Kristen changes her mind in the middle of the consensual act. She fights him off, running out crying. Monet returns to their room and finds Kristen crying in her bed. When Billy calls, Monet refuses give the phone to Kristen, and Billy insults her racially. Angered, she turns to Fudge, who recruits his friends to confront him at the frat party. Fudge and Dreads pull Billy outside, threatening him and forcing him to apologize. The security guards arrive and the black students leave. Kristen attends Taryn\'s student group on harmony between different groups. Malik borrows a copy of the autobiography of Frederick Douglass. After telling Fudge he only needs it for a class, Fudge kicks him out, telling him to read it for himself and not for school. That evening, Remy is reading alone outside when he is asked out for a drink by Scott Moss, a white supremacist. He also meets Scott\'s friends: Erik, James, and Knocko. Professor Phipps challenges his class  to determine who they are for themselves and not let others categorize them. Kristen talks about her rape with Taryn, with Taryn encouraging her to report it and attempting to console her. Malik confronts Phipps about a paper he graded, arguing he should have a better grade. When Phipps shows him the various spelling and grammar errors, Malik calls him a sellout. Phipps angrily responds that the world owes Malik nothing and he must work for his own good. Malik is then shown racing in a relay, losing ground to another runner. When his teammates confront him, he responds with Fudge\'s ideology. He walks away and flirts with fellow runner Deja. Remy is in Scott\'s room with James, Erik, and Knocko. The room is decorated with Swastikas and Nazi paraphernalia. Scott expresses his racist beliefs, and Remy is slowly being convinced. Deja is shown helping Malik with his essay and Kristen is shown realizing her attraction to Taryn. Phipps then criticizes Kristen\'s bland paper, telling her that only writing the facts is fine for journalism, but not for a political science course. Phipps tells her that her purpose at college is to think for herself. Phipps then talks with Malik about his much improved paper. Remy is shown working in a class, surrounded by students of other races. He removes his hat, showing he has shaved his head and is wearing an Iron Cross necklace. Wayne asks Kristen for a flier for their group, confronting her when she says the anti-sexism group is for women, flirting with her as well. On Halloween, Monet attends a party with Dreads, Kristen attends a rape awareness rally with Taryn, and Remy and the other neo-Nazis attack an interracial couple. Kristen asks to spend the night with Taryn. Taryn rebuffs her, saying she wants Kristen to be sure about it. While stretching on the track, Malik continues spouting Fudge\'s ideology to Deja, saying he hates feeling like a thoroughbred. Deja rebuffs him, saying he has opportunities that people would do anything for and he should take them. The stretching and running is then intercut in a montage with a love scene, showing they have started dating. Kristen is also going on a date with Wayne. Scott shows Remy his gun collection and Remy talks about his abusive, survivalist father. Kristen is shown walking holding hands with Taryn. A montage love sequence is shown with Kristen where she sleeps with Wayne, but fantasizes about Taryn. While Malik and Deja talk, Remy approaches, condemning Malik\'s Black Panther shirt and calling him a racial slur. Malik, angered, goes to Remy\'s room and confronts him. Remy backs down from a fight, with Malik insulting him and leaving. Remy trashes the room, contemplating suicide. After David returns, he confronts Remy about the mess. Remy starts beating David and Malik intervenes. Remy pulls his Glock 9mm, threatening the two and leaving. Malik runs after him, only to be stopped by security guards asking for ID. Resisting, he is arrested, letting Remy escape. Malik then moves in with Fudge and the rest of his friends. Malik, Fudge, and Phipps have a discussion on race, knowledge, and "the system". Phipps says that he must play the game of life to win, because no one wants to hear excuses. Kristen begins organizing a peace festival to calm down the students after Remy\'s actions. Meanwhile, Scott chastises Remy for dropping out of school, arguing that the white community needs more successful members and that he is betraying his race. After Knocko calls out a racial slur, Fudge, Malik, Dreads, and another black student start a gang fight with the white power skinheads, beating them. Later, Deja confronts Malik on his intentions of dropping out and fighting for no good reason. Malik is becoming more and more angry about racial issues. Scott says that Remy\'s posturing means nothing, and only actions do. He then shows Remy a sniper rifle and challenges him to action. We then see Malik and Deja walking at the Peace Fest, with Malik saying he wouldn\'t drop out because he\'d lose her. Remy has moved to the rooftop of a building with the sniper rifle and prepares. Erik stands lookout while the other racist skinheads attack a gay couple to distract security. Remy is obviously having trouble with doing this, but acquiesces when pushed by Scott. He opens fire on the Peace Fest, causing a riot. An unnamed student is killed, and Deja is shot in the stomach. She collapses in Malik\'s arms. After Phipps tries to help, Malik goes crazy and attacks Remy, meeting him on the stairs and beating him severely and nearly choking him to death before security intervenes and beats him. Security confronts Remy as he tries to leave. Remy pulls his pistol again. Remy apologizes to the police and shoots himself in the head, killing himself. Malik returns and finds that Deja has died, and he collapses into Phipps\' arms, crying. The racist skinheads are shown mourning Remy\'s death when they see a TV news report of the university shooting. Knocko, Erik, and James then begin celebrating his actions, chanting, "white power". Scott quietly sits back and for a brief moment seems to smile. Malik and Phipps discuss his future away from the university, with Phipps saying he trusts Malik\'s judgment. The final scene shows Malik and Kristen meeting at a memorial. Kristen feels guilty about the deaths because she started the festival. Malik assuages her guilt.'] ['One night, Lucy  gets a taxi to the home of author Harry Block . She has just read Harry\'s latest novel. In the novel, the character Leslie  is having an affair with her sister\'s husband Ken . Lucy is angry because the novel is patently based on her and Harry\'s own affair; as a result, everyone knows about it. Lucy pulls a gun out of her purse, saying she will kill herself. She then turns the gun on Harry and begins firing. She chases him out onto the roof. Harry insists that he has already been punished: his latest girlfriend Fay  has left him for his best friend Larry . To distract Lucy, Harry tells her a story he is currently writing: a semi-autobiographical story of a sex-obsessed young man named Harvey  who is mistakenly claimed by Death. In therapy, Harry realizes he has not changed since he was a sex-obsessed youth. Harry discusses the honoring ceremony at his old university, taking place the next day; he is particularly unhappy that he has nobody to share the occasion with. After the session, Harry asks his ex-wife Joan  if he can take their son Hilliard  to the ceremony. She refuses, stating that Harry is a bad influence on Hilliard. She is also furious at Harry for the novel he wrote. In it, the character Epstein  marries Helen , but the marriage begins to crumble after the birth of their son. Harry runs into an acquaintance, Richard , who is worried about his health. After accompanying Richard to the hospital, Harry asks him to come to the university ceremony. Richard appears uninterested. Harry then goes to meet his ex-girlfriend Fay, who reveals that she is now engaged. Harry begs Fay to get back together with him. He asks Fay to accompany him to his ceremony, but it clashes with Fay\'s wedding, scheduled the following day. That night, Harry sleeps with a prostitute, Cookie . Harry then asks Cookie to accompany him to his ceremony. In the morning, Richard unexpectedly arrives to join Harry and Cookie on the journey. On a whim, Harry decides to "kidnap" his son Hilliard. Along the way, they stop at a carnival, then at Harry\'s half-sister Doris\'s . Doris, a devoted Jew, is upset by Harry\'s portrayals of Judaism in his stories, as is her husband . During the journey, Harry also encounters his fictional creations Ken and Helen, who force him to confront some painful truths about his life. Just before arriving at the university, Richard dies peacefully in the car. Distressed, Harry literally slides out of focus, becoming blurred like one of his own fictional characters. Cookie helps him restore focus. The university\'s staffers gush over Harry, asking what he plans to write next. He describes a story about a man  who journeys down to Hell to reclaim his true love  from the Devil . Harry and the Devil engage in a verbal duel as to who is truly the most evil of the two. Harry gets as far as arguing that he is a kidnapper before the story is interrupted by the arrival of the police. Harry is arrested for kidnapping Hilliard, for possessing a gun , and for having drugs in the car . Larry and Fay come from their wedding to bail Harry out of jail. Harry reluctantly gives them his blessings. Back at his apartment, a miserable Harry fantasizes that the university\'s ceremony is taking place. Harry realizes that he can only function in art, not in life. The film ends with Harry returning to his writing.'] ['The film is set in the 1950s in a large country residence, as a family and its servants are preparing for Christmas, when the master of the house is discovered dead in his bed, with a dagger stuck into his back. The murderer must be one of the eight women in the house at the time, and in the course of the investigations each has a tale to tell and secrets to hide. The scene opens with Suzon returning from school for Christmas break, finding her mother Gaby, her younger sister Catherine, and her wheelchair-bound grandmother Mamy in the living room, where most of the action of the film takes place. Their conversation drifts to the subject of the patriarch of the family, and Catherine leads the first song of the film, "Papa t\'es plus dans le coup" . The singing wakes up Suzon and Catherine\'s aunt Augustine, who picks arguments with the rest of the family and the two servants , eventually returning upstairs, threatening to commit suicide. Mamy jumps out of her wheelchair, trying to stop her, haphazardly explaining her ability to walk as a "Christmas miracle." Augustine is eventually calmed down, and she sings her song of longing, "Message personnel" . The maid takes the tray upstairs, finds Marcel\'s stabbed body, and screams. Catherine goes up to see what happened and locks the door. The others finally go up to Marcel\'s room to see him stabbed in the back. Catherine tells the others that they should not disturb the room until the police arrive so they re-lock the door. Realizing that the dogs have not barked the night before, it seems clear that the murderer was one of the women in the house. Attempting to call the authorities, they find that the phoneline has been cut, and they will have to go in person to the police station. However, the women are distracted by the announcement that someone is roaming in the garden, who for some reason, the guard dogs are not chasing. The person turns out to be Marcel\'s sister Pierrette, a nightclub singer who is also rumoured to be a streetwalker, and has not been allowed to the house before, due to Gaby\'s dislike for her. When questioned, she claims she received a mysterious phone call, telling her that her brother was dead; she also sings "A quoi sert de vivre libre" , commenting on her sexual freedom. It is realized that she has been to the house before, as the dogs did not bark and she knew immediately which room belonged to her brother, making her the eighth potential killer. The women try to start the car, and find that it has been sabotaged, cutting them off from help due to the snowstorm outside, until they can hitchhike to town when the weather clears. The women spend their time trying to find the murderer amongst them. It is discovered that Suzon in fact returned the night before, to tell her father in secret that she was pregnant. She sings a song to Catherine, "Mon Amour, Mon Ami" , about her lover however, she has in fact been abused by her father. We later find out that, unknown to everyone involved excluding Gaby, Suzon is not his child, and is actually the child of Gaby\'s first great love. Gaby reveals that he was killed not long after her conception and that every time she looks at Suzon, she is reminded of her love for him. Suspicion then swings to Madame Chanel, the housekeeper, whose actions the night before seem suspicious; it is revealed that she has been having an affair with Pierrette, who went to see her brother that night to ask for money to pay off her debts. When some members of the family react in outrage to the fact that she is a lesbian, Madame Chanel retreats to the kitchen, and sings "Pour ne pas vivre seul" . In the meantime we find out that Mamy, Suzon\'s and Catherine\'s "old and sick" grandmother, not only can walk but also possesses some valuable shares that could have saved Marcel from his bankruptcy. Out of greed she lied that her shares have been stolen by someone who knew where she was hiding them. The spotlight moves to Louise, the maid, who is found out to be Marcel\'s mistress. She declares, however, affection for Gaby, but also expresses disappointment in her for her weakness and indecision. She sings "Pile ou Face" , and removes the symbols of her servitude, her maid\'s cap and apron, asserting herself as an equal to the other women. Gaby sings "Toi Jamais" , about Marcel, saying that he never paid enough attention to her, while other men did; it is revealed that she had an affair with his business partner, the same man who has been having an affair with Pierrette. The two women get into a fight that turns into a make-out session on the living room floor, which the others walk in on. Eventually, Madame Chanel discovers the solution to the mystery but is silenced by a gunshot; she is not hit but goes mute with fear, but Catherine takes the lead, revealing that she had hidden in her father\'s closet, and had seen the other women all talk to Marcel the night before, and explains the mystery: Marcel had faked his own death, with her help, to see what was really going on in his house. She claims that he is now free of the other women\'s clutches, and rushes into his bedroom, only to see him shoot himself in the head, in absolute despair. Mamy ends the film with the song "Il n\'y a pas d\'amour heureux" .'] ['Billy Collier ([[Sean Hayes  is an aspiring photographer in Los Angeles who has had little artistic success and much romantic frustration. He comes up with the idea of recreating iconic screen kisses from Hollywood movies  using drag queens in the female roles. While out for coffee with his roommate Georgiana , he meets Gabriel ([[Brad Rowe , the server. That night at a party, Billy\'s friend Perry  agrees to finance Billy\'s Screen Kiss project and Billy serendipitously runs into Gabriel. Billy recruits him to model and the two develop a friendship . Billy quickly becomes infatuated with Gabriel, but cannot figure out if Gabriel is really straight; Gabriel does little to help, continually sending ambiguous signals. At Perry\'s invitation, the two attend an exhibit by photographer Rex Webster, who tries to poach Gabriel as a model . Webster offers to take Gabriel to Catalina Island for an underwear ad shoot, sparking Billy\'s jealousy. Back at Gabriel\'s place, Billy and Gabriel seem to be getting closer but their rapport is interrupted by a phone call from Gabriel\'s girlfriend Natalie. Billy shoots his first setup with Gabriel, the Lancaster-Kerr kiss. Following the shoot, Gabriel tells Billy that his relationship with Natalie is over. Billy mentions the Kinsey scale, on which Billy describes himself as a "perfect six," but Gabriel admits he does not know where on the scale he falls. Back at Billy\'s apartment, they continue to talk and drink and Gabriel asks if he can spend the night on the couch. Billy suggests that Gabriel sleep in his bed , to which Gabriel eventually agrees. When the two are in bed, Billy makes tentative overtures, to which Gabriel seems to respond initially; however, Gabriel suddenly pulls away, after which Billy apologizes and gets up to sleep on the couch. Gabriel gets the underwear modeling job and goes to Catalina. Billy follows after him to Catalina with Georgiana, who, on the rebound from her boyfriend, Andrew , hooks up with drug-addled island resident "Gundy" . Billy crashes Rex Webster\'s  underwear shoot looking for Gabriel, but does not find him. Billy eventually tracks Gabriel down at Rex\'s party later that night and the two talk on the beach. Billy relates to Gabriel how confused he was when he came out, saying, "I swore to myself that if I could ever be there for somebody, I would, so that that person wouldn\'t have to go through all the shit I went through. What I\'m trying to say is, if you\'re having problems figuring out where you stand, even if you\'re not sure of what you\'re supposed to want-" Abruptly, however, before Billy can finish, one of Gabriel\'s fellow male models walks up to them. Billy instantly realizes that the two of them are in some kind of relationship with each other and Gabriel tells Billy straightforwardly, "Billy, I\'m pretty sure what I\'m supposed to want." Gabriel tries to soften the blow, but Billy rebuffs him. Billy feels hurt and even wonders if Gabriel used him to get his modeling career off the ground. Later, Perry tries to console Billy, telling him that a few years earlier Perry had similarly fallen for someone who did not return his affections; Perry confesses that that man was Billy. The next morning, Georgiana has ditched Gundy. Billy and Georgiana then head back home. The movie ends with the opening of Billy\'s "Hollywood Screen Kiss" series exhibition in Los Angeles, which includes his photos of Gabriel. The exhibit appears to be very successful and Billy receives many congratulations from various visitors. Perry shows Billy a magazine with an underwear ad featuring Gabriel and suggests that Billy give him a call. Billy demurs, saying he needs some time away. Toward the end of the night, after his friends have gone, Billy meets a handsome young man named Joshua  who enthusiastically admires Billy\'s photographic work. It is suggested that along with his newfound artistic success, Billy may at last find romantic fulfillment as well. The film is punctuated with Billy\'s fantasy sequences of himself and Gabriel in pastiches of romantic film scenes, including the aforementioned From Here to Eternity and the films of Fred Astaire. Billy carries a Polaroid camera with him everywhere, and his reminiscences are illustrated with Polaroid photographs. The film in fact opens with such a monologue, with Billy relying on a series of Polaroids while relating how he grew up gay "in a small town in Indiana, where there\'s plenty of corn, fast cars, and straights. Lots and lots of straights. I mean, a lot." Billy\'s opening narrative demonstrates his awareness that he is in a film and breaking the fourth wall. Several scenes in the movie are backed up by classic songs of bygone times sung by notable and lesser known divas; these are lip-synced by more or less the same troupe of drag queens, a running gag throughout the film.'] ["Newhall, California sits about thirty miles north of Los Angeles, not quite the middle of nowhere, but not exactly a real city either. It's somewhere in between. A place where the youth work at Video Depot, go to community college, struggle with jocks and townies, and all do their best to understand politics, their careers, their love life and self-image. It's here that Jordan, Molly, Tammy, and Lloyd are about to understand that in life you don't always get what you want. Sometimes you're stuck never leaving home, never fitting in, or never really knowing who your friends are. This is their transition toward growing up and realizing that real life doesn't always end up like a movie."] ['Matthew  is a teenage boy in New York who has therapy together with his father because of their troubled communication. The boy runs away after a session. His mother is worried but his father is not. Matthew stays in a park at night, where he is picked up by a couple. They give him alcohol and drugs, after which the woman has sex with Matthew while the man watches. Nadia  abandons the place where she lives. She has a meal on the stairs of a house. The woman living there tells her to leave, but Nadia refuses. The woman throws a bucket of water over her, after which Nadia beats her.'] ["It is New Year's weekend and the friends of Peter  gather at his newly inherited country house. Ten years ago, they all acted together in a Cambridge University student comedy troupe. Since then they have gone in different directions and various career paths. Peter's friends are Andrew , now a writer in Hollywood; married jingle writers Roger  and Mary ; glamorous costume designer Sarah ; and eccentric Maggie , who works in publishing. Cast in sharp relief to the university chums are Carol , the American TV star wife of Andrew; and loutish Brian , Sarah's very recently acquired lover. Law plays Peter's disapproving housekeeper, Vera; and Lowe, her son Paul. Richard Briers appears in a cameo role as Peter's father. Although the film is primarily a comedy, serious overtones are present from the beginning. Peter's father has died, and so Peter plans to sell the house after this last party. While Andrew and Carol's troubled marriage is played mainly for laughs, Roger and Mary are recovering from a devastating personal tragedy only slowly revealed to the audience. A lonely Maggie arrives determined to persuade Peter they should be more than just friends and Sarah's not as happy with her life as she appears. Meanwhile Peter is forced to break some heart-wrenching news to his friends. The film deals with themes of friendship, marriage, fidelity, materialism, and coping with death and loss. It has often been described as a British The Big Chill."] ['After World War II, Fred Derry , Homer Parrish , and Al Stephenson  meet while flying home to Boone City . Fred was a decorated Army Air Forces captain and bombardier with the Eighth Air Force in Europe who still suffers from nightmares of combat. Homer lost both hands from burns suffered when his aircraft carrier was sunk, and now uses mechanical hook prostheses. Al served as an infantry platoon sergeant in the 25th Infantry Division in the Pacific. Before the war, Al was a bank loan officer. He is a mature man with a comfortable home and a loving family: wife Milly , adult daughter Peggy , and college freshman son Rob. Al has trouble readjusting to civilian life, as do his two new acquaintances, and is showing signs of alcoholism. Shortly after returning home, Al is pursuaded to return to the bank . The bank president views Al\'s military experience as valuable in dealing with other vets who are returning to civilian life, and may seek loans from the bank. Al soon realizes the narrow tightrope that he\'s walking, when he approves a loan (without [[collateral  to a young Navy vet who wishes to purchase land for a farm, and is soon forced to explain to the bank president why he made the approval. Later, at a banquet held by the bank officers in his honor, a slightly inebriated Al manages to eloquently articulate, with some rambling, his belief that the bank  must stand with the vets who risked everything to defend the country, and give them every chance possible to rebuild their lives back home.  Before the war, Fred had been an unskilled drugstore soda jerk. He wants something better, but the tight postwar job market forces him to reluctantly return to his old job. Fred had met Marie  while in flight training and married her shortly afterward, before shipping out less than a month later. Marie became a nightclub waitress while Fred was overseas. Marie seems to have been largely enamored of Fred when he was an aviator, and now does not enjoy being married to a soda jerk. Homer was a football quarterback and became engaged to Wilma  before joining the Navy. Both Homer and his parents now have trouble dealing with his disability. He does not want to burden Wilma with a handicapped man and so pushes her away, although she adjusts best to his changed life, and still wants to marry him. Peggy meets Fred while bringing her father home from a bar where the three men meet once again. They are attracted to each other, and Peggy dislikes Marie, finding her shallow. Peggy tells her parents she intends to end Fred and Marie\'s marriage, but they tell her that their own marriage overcame similar problems. In order to protect Peggy, Al demands that Fred to stop seeing his daughter. Fred agrees, but the friendship between the two men becomes strained. At Fred\'s drugstore an obnoxious customer, who says that the war was fought against the wrong enemies, gets into a fight with Homer. Fred intervenes to protect his friend, and knocks the man into a glass counter. Having lost his job, Fred and Homer leave the drugstore. Later, Fred encourages Homer to put his misgivings behind and marry Wilma, offering to be his best man if he needs one. Arriving home, Fred discovers his wife with another veteran . Marie confronts Fred and tells him that she thinks he is a flop and that she is getting a divorce. Fred decides to leave town, and gives his father his medals and citations, saying that they were "passed out with the K-rations." His father tries to persuade Fred to stay and start a new life on his home turf. After Fred leaves, his father is nearly brought to tears when reading the citation for Fred\'s Distinguished Flying Cross, and learns for the first time what a hero his son truly had been. At the airport, Fred books space on the first outbound aircraft, without regard for the destination. While waiting, he wanders into a vast aircraft boneyard. Inside the nose of a B-17, he begins to relive and purge himself of the intense memories of combat. The boss of a work crew interrupts him. When the crew chief says the aluminum from the aircraft is being salvaged to build housing, Fred persuades the boss to hire him. At home, one evening, Wilma visits Homer and tells him that her parents want to her leave Boone City for an extended period, to try and forget him. Torn between wanting her to stay, but not wishing to burden her life living with someone in his condition, Homer bluntly demonstrates to Wilma how hard life with him would be, but when Wilma makes clear that she loves him anyway, he gives in and agrees to marry her. The story concludes on the day of Homer and Wilma\'s wedding, in the Parrish home. True to his word, the now-divorced Fred is Homer\'s best man at the wedding. Al and Fred meet for the first time after their confrontation in Butch\'s over his relationship with Peggy; and despite Al\'s friendly overtures, Fred remains cool. During the ceremony, Fred and Peggy watch each other tentatively from across the room. After the ceremony, Fred becomes convinced that he has to put the past behind him and build a new life. He approaches Peggy and holds her, telling her that it might be years before their lives become comfortable. She smiles, and they kiss and embrace.'] ['Terry Benedict  rounds up the original eleven members of Danny Ocean\'s  gang, demanding they return the $160&nbsp;million they stole from his casinos with $38&nbsp;million in interest. Short by half, the group schemes to stage another heist in Europe to avoid problems with United States authorities. They are tipped off by an informant named Matsui  about the location of the first stock certificate ever, issued in 1602, which was for the Dutch East India Company, owned by an agoraphobe  and kept in his private home in Amsterdam. While the certificate would not meet their debt, it would help extend their deadline and secure another job by Matsui that will be enough to pay the debt. After a complex series of schemes, including raising the house a few inches to achieve a necessary line-of-sight, they find the document has already been stolen by "The Night Fox", another master thief. After the failed attempt, Europol Detective Isabel Lahiri  is called to investigate the theft and realizes Danny\'s gang attempted the heist based on her previous relationship with Rusty  as well as the Night Fox\'s involvement. She surprises the group at their lodgings, and warns them they cannot beat the Night Fox or his mentor LeMarc , both of whom she has been trailing for years. Danny and his gang discover the Night Fox is Baron François Toulour , a wealthy businessman who has a mansion on Lake Como. Toulour invites Danny to his mansion and reveals that he had hired Matsui to inform the gang about the certificate in order to arrange the meeting with Danny. Toulour is upset that LeMarc did not describe him as the best thief in the world, and challenges Danny to steal the Coronation Egg. If Danny and his gang wins, Toulour will pay off the debt to Benedict. Danny and his gang begin to plan an elaborate heist to swap the Egg for a holographic recreation, but the engineer hired by the group accidentally tips off Lahiri to their presence, and she captures most of The Twelve on their first attempt. Linus  comes up with a second plan to have Danny\'s wife Tess  pose as a pregnant Julia Roberts in order to get close to The Egg and swap it. They are foiled by Lahiri, and the rest of the group are captured. While Lahiri prepares her case against Danny\'s team, they are extradited by the FBI, aided by Lahiri having forged documents to allow her own involvement in the bust; the lead agent is in fact Linus\'s mother . Some time later, Danny and Tess return to Toulour\'s estate where he reveals his glee at their failure. Toulour claims to have stolen the Egg at night using his agility and Capoeira skills to evade the heavy security. Toulour\'s celebration is short-lived when Danny reveals that his group stole the Egg while it was in transit to the museum and Toulour realises they were tipped off by LeMarc. A flashback reveals that Danny and Rusty had met with LeMarc much earlier where he revealed his long con whose success would humiliate Toulour, bring him the Egg that he had stolen years ago and relinquished due to his wife\'s wishes, and eventually reunite him with his daughter. Toulour is forced to admit Danny won the bet and gives him the money for the debt. They pay back Benedict and promise not to perform any more heists in his casinos but Toulour keeps the group under watch . With Rusty\'s help, Lahiri is taken to a safe house lent to him by LeMarc, who reveals himself to be her father. The final scenes of the film, in which the primary characters enjoy a private poker session, imply that she and Rusty have re-kindled their relationship.'] ['{{Plot}} Architect Doug Roberts returns to San Francisco for the dedication of the Glass Tower, which he designed for owner James Duncan. At 138 stories , it is the world\'s tallest building. An electrical short in the upper floors starts a small fire in a storage room on the 81st floor, which goes undetected. Roberts confronts the building\'s electrical engineer, Duncan\'s son-in-law Roger Simmons, accusing him of cutting corners and taking a kickback. Simmons insists the building is up to standards, but Roberts knows the standards are not enough and demands to see the electrical specifications and wiring diagrams. During the dedication ceremony, with several dignitaries in attendance, public relations chief Dan Bigelow turns on the tower\'s exterior lights to impress them and the other 294 guests arriving for a party in the Promenade Room on the 135th floor. The lighting overloads the system and Roberts orders it shut off. The building\'s security guards see smoke from the fire on the 81st floor and summon the San Francisco Fire Department. Roberts and engineer Will Giddings head to the 81st floor. Giddings pushes a security guard to prevent him from opening the door to the burning room shortly before it explodes, severely burning himself. Roberts tells Duncan of the fire, who insists that the party continue, believing a fire on the 81st floor will not affect the party. Firemen begin fighting the fast-growing blaze unbeknownst to the party guests, using Roberts\' office on the 79th floor as a command post and the lobby as a mass casualty and staging area. SFFD 5th Battalion Chief Michael O\'Hallorhan takes charge and forces Duncan to evacuate the party guests. Everyone is directed to the express elevators. Party guest and building resident Lisolette Mueller, who was romanced at the party by con man Harlee Claiborne, is one of the first to leave. She heads to the 87th floor to check on a family with two children she babysits and their deaf mother. Simmons admits to Duncan that he changed Roberts\' electrical specifications, but at Duncan\'s insistence to stay under budget. Simmons asks Duncan how he saved the rest of the money in the building budget. Duncan is aided by Senator Parker and Mayor Ramsey in the evacuation. The fire then breaks through to the main elevator bay, rendering the express elevators unsafe. Duncan attempts to divert guests to the scenic elevators as an alternate escape route. However a panicked group of guests manage to get into one anyway. On the way down, it stops and opens directly into the fire the 81st floor, killing the occupants. The elevator then returns to the Promenade Room where the doors open and one man runs out engulfed in flames in view of the horrified guests reminding them that there is indeed a fire in the elevator shaft. Claiborne smothers the fatally-burned man with his tuxedo jacket, but it is too late. Bigelow and his secretary/mistress Lorrie are trapped in his office by a second fire on the 65th floor and killed . Security Chief Harry Jernigan and Roberts are then informed from the building\'s security station that Lisolette has been seen on a security monitor trying to get into the apartment on 87; the two men head up to assist. Jernigan takes the mother down to safety. Roberts and Mueller save the two children, but are halted after part of the stairwell explodes due to a ruptured gas line. They head up to the Promenade Room via a service elevator, but upon their arrival the stairwell door is sealed by spilled cement. Roberts escapes through a pipe shaft to alert security. Two firemen rescue Lisolette and the children by blowing open the door with C-4. Suppression by the fire department becomes nearly impossible as the building loses all electrical power, halting an elevator that O\'Hallorhan and his men are on, forcing them to rappel down the shaft. A rooftop helicopter rescue attempt results in further disaster when two women rush the aircraft, causing it to crash and explode due to the heavy winds, setting the roof ablaze. Naval Rescue teams attach a breeches buoy to the adjacent 102-story Peerless Building and rescue a number of guests, including Duncan\'s daughter and Simmons\' wife Patty. Roberts activates a gravity brake on the scenic elevator, enabling it to coast down to the lobby. Twelve people, including Roberts\' girlfriend Susan, Mueller and the children, together with a supervising fireman and others enter the elevator. As it descends, an explosion rips the elevator off its track at the 110th floor, leaving it hanging by a cable. Mueller falls to her death before the others are saved by a helicopter rescue by O\'Hallorhan. After all the women are evacuated in the breeches buoy, Simmons attempts to be the first man out. Duncan punches him in the gut, saying that everyone drew numbers and will all go when it\'s their turn, but that he will be the last man to leave, along with Simmons. However, as the fire reaches the Promenade Room, the remaining guests panic. Simmons forces his way onto the breeches buoy. Senator Parker tries to stop Simmons from getting on the buoy as it\'s not his turn. During the struggle, the buoy is taken out the window because of the combined weight of Senator Parker, Simmons, and two other men. Parker and another guest are pushed off of the buoy by Simmons to their deaths, but a few seconds later, an explosion destroys the rope holding the buoy, sending Simmons and the one other remaining guest still holding onto the buoy plummeting to their deaths. A desperate plan is hatched by the top SFFD Fire Chiefs to explode the million-gallon water tanks at the top of the building above the remaining people in the Promenade Room to try and extinguish the fire raging below. A reluctant O\'Hallorhan meets with Roberts and they set plastic C-4 to the six water tanks and the floors on the 138th floor, then return down to the Promenade Room. The remaining guests are ordered to tie themselves to heavy objects. O\'Hallorhan, Roberts, Duncan, Claiborne and most of the party-goers survive as the tanks are blown, sending thousands of gallons of water through the ceiling and throughout the building, extinguishing the flames. The torrent sweeps away those not securely tied down, including Mayor Ramsey. On the ground, Claiborne finds out through Jernigan that Mueller did not survive and is heartbroken, but is given her pet cat. Duncan consoles Patty over Simmons\' death. Roberts says to Susan that he does not know what will become of the building, but perhaps it should be left alone as "a kind of shrine to all the bullshit in the world". O\'Hallorhan says to Roberts that they were lucky tonight and that it could be much worse when fire safety is not taken into account. Roberts agrees to consult with O\'Hallorhan in the near future. The fire chief drives away, exhausted.'] ['The film opens in 1937 Louisiana with four little girls out in the woods at night, each wearing a home-made headdress. The leader, Viviane Abbott, initiates them into a secret order she dubs the "Ya-Ya Sisterhood," which they seal by cutting their palms and taking a blood oath of undying loyalty. The film then moves to New York City in 2002, where Viviane\'s daughter, playwright Siddalee Walker , while overseeing production of her newest release, gives an interview with a reporter from Time, mentioning her unhappy childhood as a major source of inspiration for her work. The reporter sensationalizes Sidda\'s complaint, implying abuse and deep, dark family secrets. Vivi  reads the article and becomes extremely upset. She calls Sidda, but instead of speaking can only bang the phone on the table while crying that she is dead to her. Sidda, equally frustrated by her mother\'s behavior, also bangs her phone against the counter after Vivi has hung up on her. Much to the frustration of her fiancé, Connor McGill , Sidda takes her mother\'s behavior as a declaration of all-out war. Vivi takes down all the pictures of Sidda in her house, cuts her face out of family pictures, and mails the defaced pictures to Sidda, along with a copy of her will with Sidda\'s name marked out. Sidda in turn sends Vivi a newly-printed wedding invitation with the time and place cut out, plus torn-up tickets to her play. When the Ya-Ya Sisters learn of Vivi\'s war, they decide to take matters into their own hands to resolve it. Led by Caroline Eliza "Caro" Benett , Aimee Malissa "Teensy" Whitman , and Denise Rose "Necie" Kelleher  visit Sidda in New York, then drug her, kidnap her, and take her back to Louisiana. There they show her a scrapbook album her mother has kept, titled Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood, which they believe they must reveal to Sidda. They explain to Sidda her mother\'s experiences, depicted in flashbacks of their childhood, then as young women and mothers, including Sidda\'s own childhood. Vivi\'s  troubles include: encountering family racism as a child; a bitter, jealous mother who falsely accuses her of incest with her father, and the loss of her true love, Teensy\'s brother Jack  who is killed in World War II. She settles for an unhappy marriage with Shepherd James "Shep" Walker , a good and faithful man who loves her, despite the abuse she heaps on him because he isn\'t Jack. This is all well and good to Sidda, but doesn\'t change her opinion of her mother as a self-centered person unable to deal with her troubles, which she has unfairly inflicted on Sidda to the point of needing psychotherapy. Meanwhile, she tells Connor not to send out the wedding invitations, which troubles him enough to come down to Louisiana to find her. The Sisters then realize that Sidda must be told Vivi\'s deepest, darkest secret in order to understand. They try to persuade Vivi that she must do this herself, but she doesn\'t have the courage to tell her daughter, so they do it for her with Sidda\'s father present. In the meantime, Vivi tells Connor herself. The secret is that Vivi eventually had a nervous breakdown, requiring a period of hospitalization. Sidda finally understands the depth of her mother\'s suffering, and that she didn\'t have to waste money on therapy trying to find out why it was her fault. She also recalls a happy memory of her mother: when Sidda missed out on an airplane ride because she was too scared but then changed her mind, Vivi borrowed money to get the pilot to give one more ride, which she took with Sidda. Sidda forgives her mother, and tells her she wants to have the wedding at her house. Vivi makes her daughter a Ya-Ya headdress, and the Sisters induct her into the order.'] ['Respected family patriarch and businessman Helge  is celebrating his 60th birthday at the family-run hotel. Gathered together amongst many family and friends are his wife Else , Christian , his sullen eldest son, his well-traveled daughter Helene , and Michael , his boorish younger son. Christian\'s twin sister, Linda, recently committed suicide at the hotel. Before the celebration dinner, Helene finds Linda\'s suicide note, but hides it after becoming upset by the contents . Michael fights with his wife, whom he earlier abandoned on the roadside with their three children, and then has sex with her. Michael later is pulled aside by a waitress whom he had an affair with  and then beats her when she disparages Helge. Later, during dinner, Christian makes a speech to the family in which he accuses his father Helge of sexually abusing him and his late sister Linda. Helge\'s family and friends initially dismiss the accusations as absurd, a joke, or a figment of Christian\'s imagination. In a private conversation in the pantry, a seemingly baffled Helge asks Christian about his motivations for slandering him, and a Christian appears to recant from his accusation. However, Christian is spurred to further action by hotel chef Kim , a childhood friend who knows about the abuse. Christian then stands up and continues his toast by accusing Helge of causing Linda\'s death. Helge speaks to Christian alone and threateningly offers to announce in a toast Christian\'s troubled personal history, impotence with women and his perhaps inappropriately close relationship with his late sister, Linda. Christian says nothing in response to the threat. Further exacerbating the tensions of the day, Helene\'s black boyfriend Gbatokai  shows up, enraging the racist Michael who later leads most of the partygoers in singing the Danish song Jeg har set en rigtig negermand in a racist way to offend him. During a toast, Else makes a series of back-handed compliments towards her children, accusing Christian of having an overactive imagination as a child and asking him to apologize for his earlier accusation. Christian responds by accusing her of interrupting Helge during one of the rapes, yet not interfering with the incident, and calling her a "cunt". Michael and two other guests violently eject Christian from the hotel. When Christian walks back in, they beat Christian and tie him to a tree in the nearby woods.  Christian\'s accusations are confirmed when Helene, apparently finally worn down by guilt, reads Linda\'s suicide note aloud to the assembled guests. Linda\'s note states that she decided to kill herself after feeling overwhelmed by dreams in which her father was molesting her again. In a fit of anger, Helge admits to the abuse in front of all the guests by saying that it was all Christian was good for. He then leaves the dining room with the guests stunned. Christian, who is drunk, faints after walking out of the dining hall and imagines seeing Linda. When he awakes, he learns from Helene that Michael is missing. We learn that the drunken Michael has called Helge outside and then beat his father severely, promising him that he will never see his grandchildren again. The next morning, Helge speaks to the group, admits his wrongdoing and declares his love for his children. Michael coolly dismisses their father from the table, stating that he should now leave so that they can have breakfast. Christian reveals that he is going back to Paris, and asks one of the waitresses, Pia , to accompany him. She accepts, and the film ends with the rest of the family and guests eating breakfast nonchalantly.'] ["Emily Delahunty  is an eccentric British romance novelist who lives in Umbria in central Italy. One day while travelling, the train she is on is bombed by terrorists. After she wakes up in a hospital, she invites three of the other survivors of the disaster to stay at her Italian villa for recuperation. Of these are The General, a retired British Army veteran, Werner, a young German man, and Aimee, a young American girl who has now become mute after her parents were both killed in the explosion. As the group recovers from their ordeal , the explosion is being investigated by Inspector Girotti, a local policeman. Responding to the warmth and kindness of Mrs Delahunty and the others, Aimee begins to speak again, while the local authorities seek out any relatives who might be able to take her in. They eventually locate her uncle, Tom Riversmith, a university professor in the U.S. He agrees to take Aimee back to the U.S. to live with his wife and himself, though they have little time for raising children and are particularly concerned about trying to raise a child who has been through such a traumatic experience as well as the Professor who had no experience raising children. Mrs Delahunty works hard to find common ground with Aimee's uncle and eventually convinces him to leave Aimee with her in Italy rather than taking the child back to America to a loveless home. Meanwhile, Inspector Girotti discovers that Werner was involved in the terrorist attack on the train. The plot departs substantially from that of Trevor's somber novella."] ["The plot deals with the collapse of a collective farm in Hungary near the end of Communism. Several people on the farm are eager to leave with the cash they will receive for closing down the community, but they hear that the smooth-talking and charismatic Irimias, who had disappeared over two years ago and whom they thought to be dead, is returning. Much of the film's plot concentrates on the impact and consequences of Irimias' return through multiple POVs as the communers must cope not only with Irimias' scheming, but that of each other."] ['The Great Leslie  and Professor Fate  are competing daredevils at the turn of the 20th century. Leslie is the classic hero in white, handsome, courteous, talented, and successful; Fate is the traditional melodramatic villain, Leslie\'s nemesis, dressed in black, sporting a black moustache and top hat, and dogged by failure. Leslie proposes an automobile race from New York to Paris, to prove a new car, the Leslie Special. Fate builds his own race vehicle, the Hannibal Twin-8, complete with hidden devices of sabotage. Others enter cars in the race, including New York City\'s most prominent newspaper. Driving the newspaper\'s car is beautiful photojournalist Maggie DuBois , a vocal suffragette. The six-car race begins, but Fate\'s sidekick Maximilian Meen  has sabotaged three other cars . The surviving teams are Leslie with his loyal mechanic Hezekiah Sturdy , Maggie DuBois driving by herself, and Fate and Max. The newspaper\'s car breaks down and Maggie accepts a lift in the Leslie Special. Fate arrives first at a refueling point, a small frontier town where the racers see a variety show featuring singer Lilli Olay . A local outlaw named "Texas Jack"  becomes jealous of Olay and a saloon brawl ensues. Fate steals the fuel he needs and destroys the rest. Maggie convinces Leslie to carry her after tricking Hezekiah and pretending he has quit. The two remaining cars reach the Bering Strait and park side-by-side in a blinding snowstorm. Keeping warm during the storm, Leslie and Maggie begin to see each other as more than competitors. Mishaps compel all four racers to warm themselves in Leslie\'s car. They awake on a small ice floe which drifts into their intended Russian port, where Hezekiah is waiting for Leslie. Maggie is snatched by Fate, who drives off in the lead. After driving across Asia, both cars enter a small kingdom whose Crown Prince Hapnick  is a double for Fate. Usurpers under the leadership of Baron Rolf von Stuppe  and General Kuhster  kidnap the Prince as well as Fate\'s party. Fate is forced to masquerade as the Prince during the coronation, so that the Baron and the General can gain control of the kingdom. Max escapes, and he and Leslie rescue the others. Leslie bests Von Stuppe in a sword fight. The dueling expands into an extended pie fight involving all the racers. As the five leave the small kingdom with Maggie now back in Leslie\'s car, it becomes a straight road race to Paris. Nearing Paris, Leslie and Maggie have a spirited argument regarding the roles of men and women in relationships. Leslie stops his car just short of the finish line under the Eiffel Tower to prove that he loves Maggie more than he cares about winning the race. Fate drives past to claim the winner\'s mantle, but after a brief triumph becomes indignant that Leslie let him win. Fate demands a rematch: a race back to New York. The film ends with the start of the return race, with newlyweds Leslie and Maggie now a team. Fate lets them start first, then attempts to destroy their car, accidentally bringing down the Eiffel Tower instead.'] ["The film features several different storylines, all of which intersect periodically throughout the film. The film's opening scene features a brief encounter with four of the main characters: Anne Laurent  is an actress working in Paris, and she walks briefly with her boyfriend's younger brother Jean. After they part, Jean throws a piece of garbage at Maria, a homeless woman sitting on the side of the road. Amadou, the child of Malian immigrants, witnesses this and confronts Jean. The two fight, and eventually Amadou and Maria are both taken to a police station for questioning. Amadou is released presumably shortly after, though we learn that he was held, beaten and shamed, but Maria is deported to her native Romania and she reconnects with her family there."] ['Four New Jersey girls set off to New York City to see the Beatles\' Ed Sullivan show: Rosie Petrofsky  is in love with Paul, and wants to meet him in person; Grace Corrigan , is certain that if she can get some exclusive photos of The Beatles, her career as a photographer will be secured; Pam Mitchell ([[Nancy Allen , is about to get married and wants to have one last night of fun before her wedding; and Janis Goldman  believes that the Beatles "undermine artistic integrity", and tags along to protest their music. They are aided by Larry Dubois  – their "chauffeur" – and tough guy Tony Smerko , who is annoyed that the Beatles are supplanting American acts on the charts and on the radio, but who tags along, just the same.'] ['Despite the disapproval of his radio manager, a disc jockey chooses to play the blues instead of their regular country music. While he is doing so, different listeners tune in. Each of them have various personal problems. Unbeknownst to them all, each will be crossing the path of a serial killer as they near the town of Ozona.'] ['In the early 1960s, Sandy , Boo , Scollop  and Robbie  drive to the beaches north of Sydney for a surfing weekend. The boys are planning to give Sandy a memorable ‘one last fling’ before his impending marriage. Tension flares between university-educated Sandy and ocker Boo when Sandy decides not to join in the fun. At a local dance, Boo seduces Caroline , the teenage daughter of a caravan park owner  who discovers what has happened and comes looking for Boo with a gun.'] ["After they get cut off welfare, Donner ([[Jason Lee  leads four of his jobless, penniless roommates on a journey to find a cabin in the woods that belongs to his uncle. They get lost and stranded in the woods, without food or water or their bearings when their van breaks down. He eventually reveals to his roommates that the search for the cabin is really a search for Sasquatch. They, of course, think he's crazy. But to make matters worse, they uncover all kinds of bizarre and dangerous activity as they wander through the woods in search of not only Bigfoot himself, but any hope of a future..."] ['Based on the most common interpretation of the storyline,Cf. Bondanella, 143 and Kezich, 203 the film can be divided into a prologue, seven major episodes interrupted by an intermezzo, and an epilogue. If the evenings of each episode were joined with the morning of the respective preceding episode together as a day, they would form seven consecutive days, which may not necessarily be the case.  1st Day Sequence: A helicopter transports a statue of Christ over an ancient Roman aqueduct outside Rome while a second, Marcello\'s news helicopter, follows it into the city. The news helicopter is momentarily sidetracked by a group of bikini-clad women sunbathing on the rooftop of a high-rise apartment building. Hovering above, Marcello uses gestures to elicit phone numbers from them but fails in his attempt then shrugs and continues on following the statue into Saint Peter\'s Square.  1st Night Sequence: Marcello meets Maddalena  by chance in an exclusive nightclub. A beautiful and wealthy heiress, Maddelena is tired of Rome and constantly in search of new sensations while Marcello finds Rome suits him as a jungle he can hide in. They make love in the bedroom of a prostitute to whom they had given a ride home in Maddalena’s Cadillac. 1st Dawn Sequence: Marcello returns to his apartment at dawn to find that his fiancée, Emma , has overdosed. On the way to the hospital, he declares his everlasting love to her and again as she lies in a semiconscious state in the emergency room. While waiting frantically for her recovery, however, he tries to make a phone call to Maddalena.  2nd Day Sequence: That day, he goes on assignment for the arrival of Sylvia , a famous Swedish-American actress, at Ciampino airport where she is met by a horde of news reporters. During Sylvia\'s press conference, Marcello calls home to ensure Emma has taken her medication while reassuring her that he is not alone with Sylvia. After the film star confidently replies to the barrage of journalists\' questions, Marcello casually recommends that Sylvia be taken on a tour of St Peter\'s. Inside St Peter\'s dome, a news reporter complains that Sylvia is "an elevator" because none of them can match her energetic climb up the numerous flights of stairs. Inspired, Marcello maneuvers forward to be alone with her when they finally reach the balcony overlooking the Vatican. 2nd Night Sequence: That evening, the infatuated Marcello dances with Sylvia in the Baths of Caracalla. Sylvia\'s natural sensuality triggers raucous partying while Robert , her bored fiancé, reads a newspaper. His humiliating remark to her causes Sylvia to leave the group, eagerly followed by Marcello and his paparazzi colleagues. Finding themselves alone, Marcello and Sylvia spend the rest of the evening in the alleys of Rome where they wade into the Trevi Fountain. 2nd Dawn Sequence: Like a magic spell that has suddenly been broken, dawn arrives at the very moment Sylvia playfully "anoints" Marcello\'s head with fountain water. They drive back to Sylvia\'s hotel to find an enraged Robert waiting for her in his car. Robert slaps Sylvia, orders her to go to bed, and then assaults Marcello who takes it in stride.  3rd Day Sequence: Marcello meets Steiner , his distinguished intellectual friend, inside a church playing Bach on the organ. Steiner shows off his book of Sanskrit grammar.  4th Day Sequence: Late afternoon, Marcello, his photographer friend Paparazzo , and Emma drive to the outskirts of Rome to cover the story of the purported sighting of the Madonna by two children. Although the Catholic Church is officially skeptical, a huge crowd of devotees and reporters gathers at the site. 3rd Night Sequence: That night, the event is broadcast over Italian radio and television. Blindly following the two children from corner to corner in a downpour, the crowd tears a small tree apart for its branches and leaves said to have sheltered the Madonna. Meanwhile, Emma prays to the Virgin Mary to be given sole possession of Marcello\'s heart. 3rd Dawn Sequence: The gathering ends at dawn with the crowd mourning a sick child, a pilgrim brought by his mother to be healed, but trampled to death in the melee.  4th Night Sequence: One evening, Marcello and Emma attend a gathering at Steiner’s luxurious home where they are introduced to a group of intellectuals who recite poetry, strum the guitar, offer philosophical ideas, and listen to sounds of nature recorded on tape. While one of the women declares it better not to get married so that one does not need to choose, Marcello responds that it is better to be chosen than to choose. Emma appears enchanted with Steiner\'s home and children, telling Marcello that one day he will have a home like Steiner\'s. Outside on the terrace, Marcello confesses to Steiner his admiration for all he stands for, but Steiner admits he is torn between the security that a materialistic life affords and his longing for a more spiritual albeit insecure way of life. Steiner philosophizes about the need for love in the world and fears what his children may grow up to face one day.  5th Day Sequence: Marcello spends the afternoon working on his novel at a seaside restaurant where he meets Paola , a young waitress from Perugia playing Perez Prado\'s cha-cha Patricia on the jukebox and then humming its tune. He asks her if she has a boyfriend, then describes her as an angel in Umbrian paintings.  5th Night Sequence: Marcello meets his father  visiting Rome on the Via Veneto. With Paparazzo, they go to the Cha-Cha-Cha Club where Marcello introduces his father to Fanny , a beautiful dancer and one of his past one-night stands . Fanny takes a liking to his father. Marcello tells Paparazzo that as a child he had never seen much of his father, who would spend weeks away from home. Fanny invites Marcello’s father back to her flat, and two other dancers invite the two younger men to go with them. Marcello leaves the others when they get to the dancers\' neighborhood. Fanny comes out of her house, upset that Marcello\'s father has gotten ill. 4th Dawn Sequence: Marcello\'s father has suffered what seems to be a mild heart attack. Marcello wants him to stay with him in Rome so they can get to know each other, but his father, weakened, wants to go home and gets in a taxi to catch the first train home. He leaves Marcello forlorn, on the street, watching the taxi leave.  6th Night Sequence: Marcello, Nico , and other friends met on the Via Veneto are driven to a castle owned by aristocrats at Bassano di Sutri outside Rome. There is already a party long in progress, and the party-goers are bleary-eyed and intoxicated. By chance, Marcello meets Maddalena again. The two of them explore a suite of ruins annexed to the castle. Maddalena seats Marcello in a vast room and then closets herself in another room connected by an echo chamber. As a disembodied voice, Maddalena asks him to marry her; Marcello professes his love for her, avoiding answering her proposal. Another man kisses and embraces Maddalena, who loses interest in Marcello. He rejoins the group, and eventually spends the night with Jane , an American artist and heiress. 5th Dawn Sequence: Burnt out and bleary-eyed, the group returns at dawn to the main section of the castle, to be met by the matriarch of the castle, who is on her way to mass, accompanied by priests in a procession.  7th Night Sequence: Marcello and Emma are alone in his sports car on an isolated road. Emma starts an argument by protesting her love, and tries to get out of the car; Marcello pleads with her not to get out. Emma says that Marcello will never find another woman who loves him the way she does. Marcello becomes enraged at her, telling her that he cannot live with her maternal and smothering love. He now wants her to get out of the car, and she refuses. With some violence , he throws her out of the car and drives off. She is left alone on a dark, lonely road, in the dark. After some hours , Emma is still alone on the road, holding flowers, when she hears his car approaching. She gets in the car without saying a word. 6th Dawn Sequence: Marcello and Emma are asleep in bed, tenderly intertwined; Marcello receives a phone call. He rushes to the Steiners\' apartment and learns that Steiner has killed himself and his two children. 6th Day Sequence: After waiting with the police for Steiner’s wife to return home, he meets her outside to break the terrible news while paparazzi swarm around her snapping pictures.  8th Night Sequence: An unspecified amount of time later, an older Marcello--now with gray in his hair-- and a group of partygoers break into a Fregene beach house owned by Riccardo, a friend of Marcello\'s. To celebrate her recent divorce from Riccardo, Nadia performs a striptease to Perez Prado\'s cha-cha Patricia. The drunken Marcello attempts to provoke the other partygoers into an orgy. Due to their inebriated states, however, the party descends into mayhem with Marcello throwing pillow feathers around the room as he rides a young woman crawling on her hands and knees. Riccardo shows up at the house and angrily tells the partiers to leave.  7th Dawn Sequence: The party proceeds to the beach at dawn where they find a modern-day leviathan, a bloated, stingray-like creature, caught in the fishermen\'s nets.The fish is not specified in the film script nor identified by critics or biographers. Set designer Piero Gherardi described his creation as "a kind of huge beast with blobs of plaster all over it like veal tripe. For eyes I gave it convex enlarging lenses". Alpert, 141. Cf. Kezich, 204-205 and Bondanella, 144 In his stupor, Marcello comments on how its eyes stare even in death. 7th Day Sequence: Paola, the adolescent waitress from the seaside restaurant in Fregene, calls to Marcello from across an estuary but the words they exchange are lost on the wind, drowned out by the crash of the waves. He signals his inability to understand what she is saying or interpret her gestures. He shrugs and returns to the partygoers; one of the women joins him and they hold hands as they walk away from the beach. In a long final close-up, Paola waves to Marcello then stands watching him with an enigmatic smile.'] ['{{Expand section}} Three women and three men, all singles, with stressful or unhappy lives, register for an Italian course in a Danish village. The class serves as a way of bringing these various residents of the town, each of whom is dealing with loss or pain, out of their loneliness and into interactions with other people. When the teacher suffers a heart attack during class and ends up dying, the six classmates hold the class anyway and eventually take a vacation to Italy.'] ['Waiting to Exhale is a story about four African-American women &mdash; Savannah, Robin, Bernie, and Gloria &mdash; who go through different stages of love and life. Savannah "Vannah" Jackson is a successful television producer who holds on to the belief that one day her married lover will leave his wife for her. Bernadine "Bernie" Harris, abandons her own career dreams and desire of having a catering business to raise a family, and support her husband, who leaves her for a white woman. Robin Stokes is a high-powered executive and the long-time mistress of married Russell, who has problems finding a decent man of her own after dumping him. Gloria "Glo" Matthews is a beauty salon owner and single mother. After years alone, and finding out that her ex-husband who is also the father of her son, has come out of the closet as gay, she falls in love with a new neighbor, Marvin King. The four friends get together to provide support, listen to each other vent about life and love, and have fun, as they go through life\'s trials and tribulations. Savannah ends up dumping her married lover for good. Bernadine gets a big divorce settlement from her ex-husband. Robin ends up pregnant by her married lover, but dumps him and decides to raise the baby on her own. Gloria lets her son go on the "Up With People" trip to Spain and apologizes to her neighbor for snapping at him when he suggested that she should let her son grow up and experience the world. The film ends with the four women celebrating around a fire at the beach.'] ["It's the beginning of the 1950s in Czechoslovakia where the heavy impact of the Soviet Union influences all the happenings in the country. A young mother, played by Libuše Šafránková and a father, played by Ondřej Vetchý, are expecting their first baby. They have already agreed on a name - Quido. The baby is due to be born on on August 5, but because nothing happens as planned, Quido is born earlier, during the performance Waiting for Godot written by Samuel Beckett. This might have influenced his life because since that moment he seems to be a genius boy. Of course his intelligence makes him trouble during his teenage years at school and also during his attempts to get a girlfriend. Eventually he manages to pick the right one. For Quido everything suddenly looks wonderful, when another disaster comes. His father starts to suffer from persecution mania after he has been degraded from his job and asked to come to a police interrogation. He changes completely and thinks that the situation becomes unbearable. That's why he is making himself a coffin. Quido's mother feels desperate and comes with an idea which could save her husband. She wants Quido to have his own baby so that her husband could see the world from a better perspective again. Eventually the whole situation is saved not only by Quido's child, but mainly by The Velvet Revolution in 1989. As a result Quido's father starts to feel much better. The whole atmosphere is then interrupted by the fact that it becomes more and more obvious that the situation hasn't changed that much."] ['The film loosely depicts the "last days" of the disco era in the early 1980s, when weirdness, sex, and drugs ran rampant. The story centers on Alice Kinnon  and Charlotte Pingress , two young Manhattan women fresh out of Hampshire College who work in a New York publishing house. The two women, companions but not necessarily close friends, frequent the local disco together in search of music, dance, and romance. They are starkly different in personality: Alice is intelligent, quiet, and rather soft-spoken, while Charlotte is outgoing, conceited, and brutally honest, giving Alice constant "advice". The women subsequently decide to move in together and find a third roommate, Holly , because neither of them makes quite enough money or receives enough help from her parents to cover the expense. They begin a friendship with one of the club\'s managers, Des , and find one-night stands and relationships through the ensuing year, until it appears that the disco era has ended. At the end of the film, Alice and Charlotte part ways after a conflict, and Charlotte and Des discuss how their "big" personalities are "too big" for most people with "healthy-size" personalities, such as Alice. The film closes with a spirited musical dance sequence on the subway with Alice, Josh , and the other passengers and pedestrians to The O\'Jays\' song "Love Train".'] ["A group of tourists are stranded in the Namibian desert when their bus loses its way and runs out of fuel. Canned food and dew keep the tourists alive, but they are helplessly entrapped, completely cut off from the rest of the world. As courage and moral fibre weaken and relationships grow shaky, Henry, a theatrical manager, persuades the group to put on Shakespeare's tragedy King Lear. As the tourists work their way through Henry's hand-written scripts, real life increasingly begins to resemble the play."] ['Since the events of the previous film, Calvin Palmer, Jr.  has finally settled comfortably into his role as the owner of the inner city barbershop founded by his grandfather and father. The shop\'s latest threat comes from overzealous developer Quentin Leroux  who opens a rival barbershop chain across the street, called "Nappy Cutz". While Calvin attempts to figure out how to deal with the coming threat of direct competition from Quentin\'s flashy establishment, his barbers have issues of their own. Isaac , the lone white barber, is now the star of the shop, and begins to feel that he deserves star treatment, feeling neglected by Calvin and the other barbers. Terri ([[Eve  is finding success in managing her anger, but has trouble dealing with the growing mutual attraction between her and Ricky . Dinka  is still interested in Terri, but is distraught when he finds out that she loves Ricky instead. Jimmy  has quit the shop to work for the local alderman Lalowe Brown ; his replacement, Calvin\'s cousin Kenard , is fresh out of barber school and horribly inept at cutting hair. Meanwhile, the barbershop and other businesses like it are under threat from gentrification and Calvin is offered a substantial bribe from Brown and Leroux in exchange for his support of the city council\'s pro-gentrification legislation. A subplot involves Eddie recalling his time as a young man in the late 1960s, when he first started working at the shop with Calvin\'s father, including the riots following the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. Also, Eddie remembers his long-lost love . This subplot causes Eddie and Calvin to begin bonding. The film also introduces, Calvin\'s ex-girlfriend Gina , who works at the beauty shop next door. The girls at the beauty shop have similar conversations and experiences like the barbers and Gina has a bitter rivalry with Eddie . After attempting to change his own barbershop\'s style and decor to match those of his rival, Calvin decides to refuse the bribe money and speak out against the neighborhood\'s gentrification at the local city council meeting. Though Calvin gives a passionate speech about the legislation helping the region to earn money at the cost of its soul and the community, the council still unanimously votes to approve the legislation and move forward with the project. Terri and Ricky accept their love for one another. Dinka loses Terri, but finds love in a stylist at Gina\'s beauty shop. Though the pro-gentrification project is approved, the community remains loyal to Calvin\'s barbershop.'] ['Jack Faro  is, at the time of the film, a recovering drug addict who has had so many relapses in the past, he ultimately decided to move into his rehab and just live there. Having been married 75 times, he is a serial husband and is always on the lookout for number 76 . Even with his faults, he is a lovable guy who, just out of rehab, enters The Grand: a huge Texas Hold \'Em poker tournament in Las Vegas created by his grandfather Lucky Faro . His main motivation is to win the 10 million dollar pot to cover a loan he got from another ultimately apathetic casino owner to keep open his family\'s casino, The Rabbit\'s Foot, whom his grandfather left him when he died and that he has mismanaged into the ground. It is also a matter of contention in the film that Jack is playing in a poker competition that he owns. The rest of the players all "won" their seats after winning an online poker tournament. The other players in The Grand include the Schwartzman twins, Larry  and Lainie , who have been forced into a sibling rivalry throughout their lives by their father . Harold Melvin  is a genius with social issues who still lives with his mother . Other contestants are Andy Andrews , a math teacher; Deuce Fairbanks , a wily old veteran of Vegas, and The German , a cheater who ritualistically sacrifices small animals to gain luck at cards.'] ["{{story}} On a cold winter Saturday in Chicago in year 2002, Calvin Palmer, Jr.  decides he has had enough of trying to keep open the barbershop his father handed down to him. He cannot borrow enough money to keep the place open, it is not bringing in enough revenue, and he is more interested in coming up with get-rich-quick schemes to bring in easy money. Without telling his employees or the customers, Calvin sells his barbershop to a greedy loan shark named Lester Wallace , who lies about keeping the place the same and suddenly makes plans to turn the place into a strip club. Prior to this, two wannabe thugs, JD  and his best friend Billy , steal an ATM from a convenience store and they spend all day trying to pry it open. After spending a day at work and realizing just how vital the barbershop is to the surrounding community, Calvin rethinks his decision and tries to get his shop back, only to find out Wallace wants double the $20,000 he paid Calvin to give the shop back, and before 7 P.M. Now Calvin has only a scant few hours to try to raise enough money to save the shop. After he admits to the employees that he sold the barber shop and that it would be closing at the end of the day, Chicago police come in and arrests one of the barbers named Ricky . Ricky was arrested after being accused of driving his pickup truck into a nearby market to steal the ATM, but it is revealed that the ATM thief, JD, is Ricky's cousin and he was the one who committed the crime after borrowing Ricky's truck. That was Ricky's third strike, and he could be sentenced to life in prison. Calvin uses the $20,000 from Lester to bail Ricky out of jail. Once Calvin picks Ricky up from the jail, Ricky is angry at his cousin for betraying him and wants to kill him! Calvin tries to calm him down, but Ricky does not show any sign of calming down. Calvin gives Ricky a gun he found that fell out of Ricky's locker at the shop, and is disappointed that Ricky is going to end up right back in jail. Ricky tells Calvin to pull the car over, and he does. Ricky gets out and decides to throw the gun off the bridge they are on and into the water before getting back into the car, proving that he does not want to get in any more trouble with the law. Then they both go to see Lester. Lester, as well as JD and Billy  are confronted by Calvin and Ricky. Calvin and Ricky demands Lester to give Calvin his barbershop back. Lester is angered and orders his bodyguard Monk to pull out his gun. The police arrive just in time to save Calvin and Ricky. JD and Billy are arrested. Calvin and Ricky see the ATM, and get a $50,000 reward for returning it to police. They get the money, and the barbershop reopens with even better business than before. In the meantime, Calvin's wife, Jennifer , has given birth to a baby boy."] ['Eighteen-year-old Tim Pearson, a soon-to-be graduate of Grandview High School, wants to go to Florida to study oceanography. Tim\'s father, Roger Pearson, loans Tim his brand new Cadillac to go to the Prom with his date Bonnie Clark. Later, while parked near a stream, Tim and Bonnie are making out in the Cadillac, when they feel the car moving, only to discover that the car is falling into the stream. Tim and Bonnie walk to "Cody\'s Speedway" to get a tow truck, Bonnie calls her father, who is so angry about the accident that he punches Tim. Mechanic Michelle "Mike" Cody comes to Tim\'s defense, and has Ernie "Slam" Webster, a local demolition derby driver, tow the car, taking Tim along. Slam stops at the bowling alley to see if his wife Candy had been there, but she wasn\'t. The next morning, Tim goes to see his father at his office. He talks to Tim and hints to him that he does not want Tim to drive his car again. Tim runs into Mike and thanks her for helping him with the car. Tim goes out to the Speedway, where he meets Mike\'s mentally challenged brother, Cowboy. Later on that night, Mike goes to the bar to see her uncle, Bob Cody, and asks if she can borrow $10,000, so she can fix up the Speedway. Bob doesn\'t have that kind of money, but wants to help her. Just then, they both hear a drunken Slam beating on a video game. Mike and Bob help Slam out to her truck. Mike and Slam talk about old times they had together. Slam is at work the next morning, hungover, but his boss tells him to go home. Slam gets home and sees his wife Candy with another man, Donny. Enraged, he jumps on the lover\'s car demanding that Candy come back to him; in the ensuing struggle, Donny accidentally shoots himself in the foot. At the hospital, Candy declines to press charges, but refuses to come home with him. That night, Mike sees Slam sleeping in his truck. Mike tries to comfort him, believing that he does not really love Candy, and is simply afraid of being alone. Later that day, Slam comes back and asks Mike if she wants to go out for dinner, but she tells him has to go to a County Commission meeting. Tim and his dad go the same meeting, and Tim tells Roger that he wants to go to Florida; Roger is not too happy with his decision. At the Town Hall, Roger asks Tim to go to his office and get his rolaids. In the office, Tim sees plans for the Speedway renovation on his dad\'s desk. At the meeting, Mike asks the commission for more time to come up with the money to fix up the Speedway, but the commission won\'t give it to her. Tim comes in and reveals what they have planned. He then gets into an argument with his father and leaves. He runs into Mike, who thanks him for saving her place. They both go for a hamburger at the local restaurant, and Mike invites Tim to her house, where they spend the night together. Mike asks Tim if he still wants to drive in the Derby, she gives him a car to drive. In the morning, Slam shows up at the door and discovers them in bed together; he leaves, upset. Later on that day, Roger sees Tim near the stream, and says he is sorry about the fight. He asks Tim to give Illinois State University a chance, but Tim wants to go to Florida. At the Speedway, Mike sells her old cars to make extra money; this upses Cowboy, who runs off crying. Slam goes to his house and sees his stuff on the lawn. Donny stands by the door and taunts Slam, telling him he called the cops. Slam gets his things and leaves. Later that night, the Demolition Derby is going on, and Tim is in the race, competing against Slam. At the race\'s climax, Slam crashes into Tim. Mike is mad cause she thinks Slam did it on purpose, and tells him to leave the track. Later that night, Candy and Donny are having sex in Slam\'s house when, suddenly, Slam appears on a bulldozer and knocks the walls down. The cops arrest Slam. As Tim and Mike drive home from the hospital, they see firetrucks passing by, and discover that the Speedway has burned down. Mike asks her mother what had happened, and she says it just started up. In the morning, however, the police discover that the gas tank was unlocked. It is eventually revealed that Cowboy started the fire because Mike sold the old cars. Tim and Mike talk, and she admits she is in love with Slam. Mike goes to bail Slam out from jail. He offers to help fix the Speedway, but Mike says she will sell the land to Roger Pearson; that way, they can afford to start a life together. Mike asks Slam for a favor. Tim is on his way to Chicago, with his family in tow to say goodbye. The bus leaves and a car is driving by the side of the bus; it is Slam, who gives Tim the old car and money for his trip to Florida.'] ["The film opens with Carla Bennett  and Lou  waiting in front of a New York building where their boyfriends live. In conversing, they find out Blake Allen  is their duplicitous boyfriend. In the first minutes of the film Blake is revealed to be a narcissistic actor, dating both of them on the side while claiming to visit his ill mother on the other days. The women wait for Blake inside his loft and confront him together. The remainder of the film takes place inside the loft, where Blake tries to talk his way out of trouble. In the end, both girls reveal that they have been unfaithful. Carla and Blake have sex, but Lou's suggestion of a threesome is rejected. His mother dies at the end of the film and Carla comforts him."] ['At a house in Los Angeles, Helene is turning forty and her friends throw her a party. The guests arrive for the party while one of them shoots the events with a movie camera and films their conversations about eating and romance.'] ['A group of childhood friends have a sleepover as a bachelorette party for Jamie, where the conversations evolve from the topic of their relationships with men to sex and related fantasies. The group includes two sisters, Rachel and Jill, between whom remains some emotional tension. The hostess for the evening, the bisexual Georgina, is pestered by her possessive live-in lover Chris who declines to join the party, staying in her bedroom.'] ['Gianni , a broken man with mounting condo debts, is forced to entertain his 93-year-old mother and three other feisty women during Italy’s biggest summer holiday, Ferragosto. The other women include the mothers of his landlord and doctor, who will forgive his debts in exchange for his service.'] [" Constance, Countess of Trentham , and her lady's maid, Mary Maceachran  travel to Gosford Park for the weekend. On the way, they encounter actor Ivor Novello , American film producer Morris Weissman  and Weissman's valet, Henry Denton . At the house, they are greeted by Sir William McCordle , Lady Sylvia McCordle  and their daughter, Isobel . The other guests include Lady Sylvia's sisters, Louisa, Lady Stockbridge  and Lady Lavinia Meredith  and their husbands, Raymond, Lord Stockbridge  and Commander Anthony Meredith . Also in attendance are the Honourable Freddie Nesbitt  and his wife, Mabel ; Isobel's suitor, Lord Rupert Standish  and his friend Jeremy Blond . Commander Meredith is in financial difficulty and brings up the matter with Sir William, who reveals that he is rescinding his investment in Meredith's new scheme. Sir William also intends to stop paying Lady Trentham's allowance. Mary and Lord Stockbridge's valet, Parks  are attracted to one another. Denton asks a number of questions about life in service and Parks reveals that he was raised in an orphanage. Denton meets Lady Sylvia and during the night, he goes to her room. During the pheasant shoot Sir William is slightly injured by a low shot. Commander Meredith pleads with Sir William not to back out of the investment. During dinner, Lady Sylvia attacks Sir William, implying that he was a World War I profiteer. The head housemaid, Elsie , rises to his defence, thus revealing their affair. Sir William goes to the library, where the housekeeper, Mrs. Wilson  brings him coffee. He demands a glass of whisky instead. Lady Sylvia asks Mr. Novello to entertain the guests. George , Parks, Mr. Nesbitt and Commander Meredith disappear and an unknown man goes to the library and stabs Sir William. Commander Meredith and Mr. Nesbitt do not offer an explanation of their disappearances, while George was fetching milk for the coffee service and Parks was fetching hot water bottles. Lady Stockbridge goes to the library and her screams bring everyone to the room. Inspector Thomson  and Constable Dexter  arrive to investigate the murder. Dexter suggests that Sir William was already dead when he was stabbed. Denton confesses to Jennings , the butler, that he is not a valet but an American actor preparing for a movie role. The next morning, Lady Sylvia goes for her morning ride, which surprises Inspector Thomson. Barnes  overhears Commander Meredith tell Lady Lavinia that Sir William's death was lucky for them, as the investment is now secure. Barnes tells Inspector Thomson, who interrogates Meredith. Mrs. Croft  tells the kitchen maid, Bertha , that Sir William was known for seducing the women working in his factories. If a woman became pregnant, Sir William offered two choices: keep the baby and lose your job, or give the baby up and keep your job. Those who gave up their babies were told that the adoptions were being arranged with good families. In reality, Sir William paid orphanages to take the children. Mary goes to Parks's room and tells him that she knows he is the murderer. Parks tells her that he discovered Sir William was his father, entered service and attempted to gain employment with someone in his circle. Parks tells Mary that he did not poison Sir William and Mary is relieved, as Parks only stabbed the corpse. Mary listens to Lady Sylvia and Lady Trentham discussing why Mrs. Croft and Mrs. Wilson are enemies. Lady Sylvia believes that the tension between them stems from the fact that Mrs. Wilson now outranks Mrs. Croft. Lady Trentham asks if Mrs. Wilson was ever married and Lady Sylvia replies that her name was once Parks or Parker. Mary goes to Mrs. Wilson and the older woman reveals that she poisoned Sir William in order to protect her son, as she knew that Parks was there to kill Sir William. She also reveals that she and Mrs. Croft are sisters. After talking to Dorothy , Mrs. Wilson goes to her room and is comforted by Mrs. Croft. The guests leave and Lady Sylvia enters Gosford Park, while Jennings closes the door."] ['; Prologue "Pumpkin"  and "Honey Bunny"  are having breakfast in a diner. They decide to rob it after realizing they could make money off the customers as well as the business, as they did during their previous heist. Moments after they initiate the hold-up, the scene breaks off and the title credits roll. ; Prelude to "Vincent Vega and Marsellus Wallace\'s Wife" As Jules Winnfield  drives, Vincent Vega  talks about his experiences in Europe, from where he has just returned: the hash bars in Amsterdam, the French McDonald\'s and its "Royale with Cheese". The pair—both wearing dress suits—are on their way to retrieve a briefcase from Brett , who has transgressed against their boss, gangster Marsellus Wallace. Jules tells Vincent that Marsellus had someone thrown off a fourth-floor balcony for giving his wife a foot massage. Vincent says that Marsellus has asked him to escort his wife while Marsellus is out of town. They conclude their banter and "get into character", which soon involves executing Brett in dramatic fashion after Jules recites a baleful "biblical" pronouncement.   In a virtually empty cocktail lounge, aging prizefighter Butch Coolidge  accepts a large sum of money from mobster Marsellus Wallace , agreeing to take a dive in his upcoming match. Vincent and Jules—now dressed in T-shirts and shorts—arrive to deliver the briefcase, and Butch and Vincent briefly cross paths. The next day, Vincent drops by the house of Lance  and his wife Jody  to purchase high-grade heroin. He shoots up before driving over to meet Mrs. Mia Wallace  and take her out. They head to Jack Rabbit Slim\'s, a 1950s-themed restaurant staffed by lookalikes of the decade\'s pop icons. Mia recounts her experience acting in a failed television pilot, "Fox Force Five". After participating in a twist contest, they return to the Wallace house with the trophy. While Vincent is in the bathroom, Mia finds his stash of heroin in his coat pocket. Mistaking it for cocaine, she snorts it and overdoses. Vincent rushes her to Lance\'s house for help. Together, they administer an adrenaline shot to Mia\'s heart, reviving her. Before parting ways, Mia and Vincent agree not to tell Marsellus of the incident. ; Prelude to "The Gold Watch" Television time for young Butch  is interrupted by the arrival of Vietnam veteran Captain Koons . Koons explains that he has brought a gold watch, passed down through generations of Coolidge men since World War I. Butch\'s father died of dysentery while in a POW camp, and at his dying request Koons hid the watch in his rectum for two years in order to deliver it to Butch. A bell rings, startling the adult Butch out of this reverie. He is in his boxing colors—it is time for the fight he has been paid to throw.  Butch flees the arena, having won the bout. Making his getaway by taxi, he learns from the death-obsessed driver, Esmarelda Villalobos , that he killed the opposing fighter. Butch has double-crossed Marsellus, betting his payoff on himself at very favorable odds. The next morning, at the motel where he and his girlfriend, Fabienne , are lying low, Butch discovers that she has forgotten to pack the irreplaceable watch. He returns to his apartment to retrieve it, although Marsellus\'s men are almost certainly looking for him. Butch finds the watch quickly, but thinking he is alone, pauses for a snack. Only then does he notice a machine pistol on the kitchen counter. Hearing the toilet flush, Butch readies the gun in time to kill a startled Vincent Vega exiting the bathroom. Butch drives away but while waiting at a traffic light, Marsellus walks by and recognizes him. Butch rams Marsellus with the car, then another automobile collides with his. After a foot chase the two men land in a pawnshop. The shopowner, Maynard , captures them at gunpoint and ties them up in a half-basement area. Maynard is joined by Zed ; they take Marsellus to another room to rape him, leaving a silent masked figure referred to as "the gimp" to watch a tied-up Butch. Butch breaks loose and knocks out the gimp. He is about to flee when he decides to save Marsellus. As Zed is sodomizing Marsellus on a pommel horse, Butch kills Maynard with a katana. Marsellus retrieves Maynard\'s shotgun and shoots Zed in the groin. Marsellus informs Butch that they are even with respect to the botched fight fix, so long as he never tells anyone about the rape and departs Los Angeles forever. Butch agrees and returns to pick up Fabienne on Zed\'s chopper.  The story returns to Vincent and Jules at Brett\'s. After they execute him, another man  bursts out of the bathroom and shoots wildly at them, missing every time before an astonished Jules and Vincent return fire. Jules decides this is a miracle and a sign from God for him to retire as a hitman. They drive off with one of Brett\'s associates, Marvin , their informant. Vincent asks Marvin for his opinion about the "miracle", and accidentally shoots him in the face. Forced to remove their bloodied car from the road, Jules calls upon the house of his friend Jimmie . Jimmie\'s wife, Bonnie, is due back from work soon and he is very anxious that she not encounter the scene. At Jules\'s request, Marsellus arranges for the help of Winston Wolf . "The Wolf" takes charge of the situation, ordering Jules and Vincent to clean the car, hide the body in the trunk, dispose of their own bloody clothes, and change into T-shirts and shorts provided by Jimmie. They drive the car to a junkyard, from where Wolf and the owner\'s daughter, Raquel , head off to breakfast and Jules and Vincent decide to do the same. ; Epilogue As Jules and Vincent eat breakfast in a coffee shop the discussion returns to Jules\'s decision to retire. In a brief cutaway, we see "Pumpkin" and "Honey Bunny" shortly before they initiate the hold-up from the movie\'s first scene. While Vincent is in the bathroom, the hold-up commences. "Pumpkin" demands all of the patrons\' valuables, including Jules\'s mysterious case. Jules surprises "Pumpkin" , holding him at gunpoint. "Honey Bunny" , hysterical, trains her gun on Jules. Vincent emerges from the restroom with his gun trained on her, creating a Mexican standoff. Reprising his pseudo-biblical passage, Jules expresses his ambivalence about his life of crime. As his first act of redemption, he allows the two robbers to take the cash they have stolen and leave, pondering how they were spared and leaving the briefcase to be returned to Marsellus, finishing the hitman\'s final job for his boss.'] ['The film follows various plot arcs all occurring on New Year\'s Eve of 1981. Monica  is throwing a big New Year\'s bash and is desperately afraid no one will attend. Early on the only person to have arrived is her friend Hillary . As she tries to convince Hillary to stay, we learn about various other groupings of individuals who are all on their way. The film follows several characters as they spend New Year\'s Eve in New York City before eventually showing up at Monica\'s party. The characters are: Val  and Stephie , teens from Ronkonkoma who get lost in the seedy Alphabet City section of the borough and wander into a punk club where they meet Dave  and Tom , who have a "package" they need to deliver; ditsy and awkward Cindy  who is on a dinner date with the paranoid Jack ; Lucy  and her best friend Kevin  who are struggling with the sexual tension between them; Kevin\'s feminist ex girlfriend Ellie , who walks in on Kevin and Lucy mid-coitus in a restroom stall; a dim-witted and flirtatious bartender ; competitive friends Bridget  and Caitlyn  who attempt to ditch Bridget\'s boyfriend Eric  ; and the eccentric cab driver  who takes them all around town throughout the evening in his disco themed taxi. Eventually, all the characters find their way to the party, although in the meantime Monica has passed out after drowning her sorrows in alcohol. She wakes up the next morning to find many unrecognizable people on her floor, including Stephie who tells her what a big hit her party was. Monica is thrilled , especially when she finds out that Elvis Costello showed up. The final montage shows Polaroids of the party, narrated by the disco cabbie, mostly featuring the unlikely romances from the party and the unconscious Monica being propped up by her party guests.'] ["A young boy named Deepak  is a student in a college, where he falls in love with a beautiful girl named Jyoti . Jyoti ignores Deepak until he impresses her with a song, where she is impressed and the two fall in love. The two get married and Deepak starts searching for a job of an architect. He gets the job and becomes an architect. His friend, Madan works in a bank. Pradeep Singh  is a rich man, who has an account in Madan's bank. He has to go abroad, so he gives Rs. 25 Lacs to Madan and tells him that he can give him the money back after five years. Deepak offers Madan to use the money and improve his life, but Madan refuses, so Deepak takes the money himself and buys himself and Jyoti, a big bungalow. The two go to casino, where Deepak wins casino and earns lots of money. They decide to play a bigger game, where Deepak and Jyoti lose more money. A rich businessman named Prakash  offers Jyoti to play casino for him and she wins the casino. Prakash and Deepak make friends and he invites them to his birthday, where he sings a song for them. Deepak and Prakash are playing snooker, where Deepak tells Prakash about his problem until Prakash offers Deepak to give him money, if Jyoti sleeps with him for one night. Deepak sells the bungalow to a dealer. On his way back to home, he sits in a taxi, where the taxi driver and some of his friends fight Deepak and snatch his money. He goes back home at night and he tells Jyoti about the incident. At morning, when Deepak wakes up, Jyoti is not at home. When Jyoti returns to home, Deepak asks her where she had gone. She tells him that she has slept with Prakash, which causes Deepak and Jyoti to quarrel with each other and suddenly Jyoti leaves Deepak. Jyoti begins working in an estate agency, where she finds Prakash and the two become friends. Deepak earns a lot of money in his job and returns the 25 Lac Rs. to his friend Madan. One day, Prakash invites Jyoti to a house, where he tries to rape her until Deepak rescues her from Prakash and almost kills him until Jyoti stops Deepak from killing him. Jyoti and Deepak are together again and Prakash tells his uncle  that he had to do it because he wanted Deepak and Jyoti to become a couple again."] ['{{Plot}} Mookie  is a young Black man living in a Black neighborhood in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn with his sister, Jade , who wants him out of her apartment. He works delivering pizzas for a local pizzeria, but he lacks ambition and he works to support his girlfriend Tina  and their son Hector. Salvatore "Sal" Frangione , the pizzeria’s Italian-American owner, has owned the restaurant and been in the neighborhood for twenty-five years. His older son, Giuseppe, better known as Pino , "detests the place like a sickness", holds racial contempt for the neighborhood Blacks and attempts to make Mookie\'s life miserable. Sal\'s younger son, Vito , is friends with Mookie. The street corner is filled with distinct personalities, most of whom are just trying to find a way to deal with the intense heat on what is the hottest day in years and go about their regular day-to-day activities. A drunk called Da Mayor  is constantly trying to win both the approval and affection of the neighborhood matron, Mother Sister , who watches the neighborhood\'s activity from her brownstone. A young man named Radio Raheem  lives for nothing else but to blast Public Enemy\'s "Fight the Power" on his boombox wherever he goes. He wears "love" and "hate" four-fingered rings  on either hand, which he explains in one scene symbolize the struggle between the two forces. A mentally disabled man named Smiley  meanders around the neighborhood, holding up hand-colored pictures of Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr. The local radio disc jockey, "Mister Señor Love Daddy"  rounds out the neighborhood. Three men , known as "the Corner Men," act as a sort of Greek chorus, commenting on the neighborhood and the day\'s events. Four teenagers – Cee, Punchy, Ahmad and Ella – deal with the heat outside as well. While eating a slice at Sal\'s, Buggin\' Out  questions Sal about the "Wall of Fame" and demands he put up some pictures of Black celebrities on the wall, since, he explains, Sal\'s pizzeria is in a Black neighborhood and sells pizza to Black people. Sal replies that it is his store; he is proud of his Italian heritage and he doesn\'t have to feature anyone but Italians on his wall. Buggin\' Out starts an argument with Sal, during which Sal threatens to "bash his head" with a baseball bat. Buggin\' Out attempts to start a protest over the "Wall of Fame," but no one will support his protest except Radio Raheem and Smiley. Over the course of the day tensions rise around the neighborhood. Teenagers open a fire hydrant for respite from the heat, flooding a passer-by\'s car and police officers intervene. Radio Raheem "argues" with some Puerto Rican men simply by playing their radios loudly at each other. Buggin\' Out instigates a fight with a white man who accidentally steps on his Air Jordan shoes, and Da Mayor saves a boy from being run over by a car. Sal argues with Radio Raheem for blasting his boombox in the pizzeria. Mookie and Pino begin arguing over which race is better, Blacks or Italians, which leads to a series of scenes in which the characters, addressing the camera, spew a variety of racial insults. In the afternoon, Pino and Sal talk about the neighborhood, Pino expressing his hatred and Sal insisting that, whether Pino likes it or not, his pizzeria, and his pizza, is part of the neighborhood there, and he isn\'t leaving. Then Sal watches, embarrassed, as Pino yells at Smiley outside. Mookie almosts gets fired by Sal, but Jade comes to Sal\'s shop, cooling Sal\'s anger. Outside, Mookie confronts her for being too close to Sal. As they\'re cleaning to close the restaurant Mookie demands his weekly pay from Sal. Buggin\' Out convinces Radio Raheem and Smiley to join his protest and they begin insulting and threatening the yelling neighbors. That night, four teenagers arrive and Sal lets them in. After serving them, he closes. Suddenly, Radio Raheem, Smiley and Buggin\' Out march into Sal\'s and demand that Sal change the pictures on the wall. Radio Raheem\'s boombox is blaring at the highest volume, and Sal demands that they turn the radio down or leave the shop, but the two men refuse to do so. They yell at each other, threatening, until Sal, in a fit of frustration and anger, calls Radio Raheem a "nigger," then snaps and destroys Radio Raheem\'s boombox with a baseball bat. Radio Raheem attacks Sal, starting a fight with all the teenage boys, Sal and his sons, which spills out onto the street, attracting a crowd of spectators. As Radio Raheem is strangling Sal to death, Da Mayor yells at them to stop the fight. The police arrive at the scene, break up the fight and begin to apprehend Radio Raheem and Buggin\' Out. Buggin\' Out is arrested while Radio Raheem is placed in a chokehold by one officer, killing him. The police officers begin yelling at an already dead Radio Raheem "to quit faking" and they kick him. The police officers, realizing they have killed a Black man in front of an angry crowd, take Radio Raheem\'s body back to the squad car, while in another squad car, a police officer beats Buggin\' Out. The angry crowd chases the police, who leave the scene with Radio Raheem\'s body, and leave Sal, Vito and Pino alone with the angry crowd. Afterward, the large crowd of onlookers are enraged about Radio Raheem\'s death and blame Sal and his sons. A tense moment ensues when the crowd contemplates violence against Sal, Vito, and Pino. Da Mayor intervenes telling the crowd to go home, because someone will get hurt, and the crowd threatens Da Mayor. Mookie grabs a trash can and throws it through the window of Sal\'s restaurant, yelling "hate" which turns the collective anger towards the property and away from the owners. Da Mayor pulls Sal out of the mob\'s way. Vito, Pino and Sal watch in horror as the restaurant gets destroyed. The angry crowd becomes a riotous mob, rushes into the restaurant and destroys everything, while Smiley sets the restaurant on fire. From there, the mob begins to head for the Korean market. Sonny, the owner, tries to fight them off with a broom, yelling that he is one of them: "I no White! I Black! You, me, same! We same!" causing the mob to spare his store. Firefighters arrive and begin spraying Sal\'s building while the crowd yells Howard Beach as they are held back by riot patrol. The firefighters, after several warnings to the crowd, turn their hoses on the mob, further enraging them. Police officers begin struggling with the mob and some people are arrested. The mob attacks some of the firemen as they try to spray Sal\'s building. Da Mayor gets in the middle of the ensuing chaos and pulls a screaming Mother Sister out of the scene as Mookie and his sister watch the horror around them. Meanwhile, Smiley wanders back into the smoldering restaurant, past Radio Raheem\'s burning boombox, and as "Fight the Power" plays, he hangs a picture of Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr. on what\'s left of Sal\'s "Wall of Fame." The next day, Radio Love Daddy discusses what transpired the previous night, asking, "are we ever going to live together?" After having an argument with Tina over what it is to be a man, Mookie returns to Sal, who feels betrayed by Mookie for destroying the restaurant. They get into an argument but then Mookie and Sal cautiously reconcile. He demands his weekly pay he had earlier been demanding to receive in advance, which he gets.'] ['The film begins with two recently escaped convicts &mdash; Frank  and Red  &mdash; approach a group of campers. The elder of the pair shoots and kills the campers with single rapidfire shots to the head. D.J. Farraday  discovers that his father, Del , has been having an affair. D.J. asks Del to meet him at the family\'s cabin by the lake, where D.J. intends to confront him about his adultery. When the two arrive at the summer house, they find the younger son, Campbell "Cam" Farraday , already there. Eventually it is revealed that Del had found Cam and his boyfriend, Billy, embracing there at the cabin. Del brutally beat Billy, and father and son have not spoken since. Cam seems determined to leave the confrontational situation. While D.J. is trying to convince Cam to stay and attempt a reconciliation, Cam reveals to him that Billy is dead, and the clear implication is that Cam blames his father for the loss. A short while later, the two escaped convicts show up at the cabin and ask to use the phone, claiming that their car has broken down. Red, who is introduced as Frank\'s adult son, makes a point of taking up the hospitality offered, using that excuse to remain in the house  As the evening progresses Frank seems to be forcing Del into a challenge. Tensions are high, as Frank makes his play for Alpha of the house. At one point, D.J.  goes so far as to suggest that "we all just whip \'em out and get this over with." The police show up looking for the two escaped convicts, and things get tense very quickly. It soon becomes clear that Cam knew the convicts and has had some sort of entanglement with them. From there, the twists and turns begin to thicken, and the onionskin layers of this tale are revealed. The family must reconcile and put aside their issues with each other to deal with the menacing force of Frank.'] ['The film follows the lives of several students at the fictional Ridgemont High School over the course of one academic year. Brad Hamilton  is a senior who appears to have it made. He is looking forward to his last year of school and almost has his car  paid off. He is popular, in large part because of his part-time job at a burger joint where his girlfriend, Lisa , also works. Brad is pondering how to end his relationship with Lisa so he can play the field during his senior year. However, Brad is fired from his job at the burger joint for blowing his cool and threatening an obnoxious customer; and when he tries to tell Lisa how much he needs her at a school rally before a big football game, Lisa tells Brad that she is dumping him to see other guys. Brad quits his next job because of the humiliation of having to wear a pirate costume when delivering food. He gets a third job at a convenience store, where he successfully thwarts an attempted robbery and is promoted to store manager. Brad\'s sister, Stacy Hamilton , is a 15-year-old freshman. She is worried that she\'s not attractive or experienced enough to meet, let alone have relationships with, any guys. While working at the mall she meets a 26-year-old stereo salesman who asks her out . She sneaks out to meet him and they have sex at a secluded make-out spot, referred to as "The Point". She reveals the loss of her virginity to her friend, popular senior Linda  who assures her that it will hurt less as she does it more. Mike Damone , who earns money scalping tickets, and as a bookmaker, fancies himself a suave ladies\' man. He lets his younger best friend Mark "Rat" Ratner  in on his secrets for picking up girls. When he sees that Rat has a big crush on Stacy, Mike coaxes Rat into asking Stacy out on a date . Stacy invites Rat into her bedroom after the date, but Rat quickly shies away and leaves when Stacy tries to initiate sex with him. Later, Damone walks Stacy home after school and asks to come into her house. Stacy then invites Damone for a swim in the backyard pool; but when this leads to sex in the pool house with Stacy, Damone has a premature ejaculation and flees in embarrassment. When Stacy later informs Damone that she is pregnant as a result, he first agrees to pay half the fee for an abortion and to drive her to the abortion clinic, but reneges when he is unable to come up with the money. Desperate, Stacy convinces Brad to drive her to a bowling alley, but after he drops her off, he observes her through his rearview mirror going to an abortion clinic across the street. Brad waits for Stacy to come out and she makes him promise not to tell their parents. When Stacy tells Linda about Damone blowing her off, Linda flies into a rage and spray paints obscenities on Damone\'s car and school locker. Word quickly gets around school about Damone\'s impromptu sexual relationship with Stacy, which leads to a confrontation between Damone and Rat in the boys\' locker room. At the end of the film, the viewer is informed that Stacy and Rat are having a passionate love affair, but have still not "gone all the way". Jeff Spicoli  is a surfer and habitual marijuana user who is in Stacy\'s American history class. The strict teacher, Mr. Hand , has no patience with Spicoli\'s carefree attitude and especially not with Spicoli\'s wasting of class time. Finally, on the evening of the graduation dance, Mr. Hand shows up at Spicoli\'s house and informs him that since he has wasted eight hours of class time over the past year, Mr. Hand intends to make up for that time now. They proceed to have a one-on-one tutoring session that lasts until Mr. Hand is satisfied that Spicoli has understood the lesson. Outside of class, Spicoli wrecks a car  belonging to Ridgemont\'s star football player Charles Jefferson . To avoid being beaten up, Spicoli puts the car in Ridgemont\'s front lawn and paints the car with slurs supposedly written by Ridgemont\'s rival high school, Lincoln High school, an actual high school in San Diego, California. When Ridgemont plays Lincoln in an upcoming game, Jefferson is so full of rage that Ridgemont wins. An epilogue reveals that Spicoli saves Brooke Shields from drowning and then blows the reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party. Linda got accepted to UC Riverside and moved in with her abnormal psychology professor. Mr. Hand is left to believe everyone is on dope; and Mr. Vargas switched back to coffee.'] ["At first glance the Ristuccia family is apparently normal and close-knit, but all of its members are hiding something. Carlo, the head of the family, would like to become a writer rather than continue working in an insurance company. Giulia, his wife, is a professor of literature who aspires to become an actress. Paolo is an insecure teenager who cannot successfully assert himself in front of girls whom he likes. Valentina desires to become a television showgirl at any cost. This silence is broken when Carlo meets his old love Alessia, with whom he starts an extra-marital affair. As a result Giulia falls into total despair, destroying the family's equilibrium and losing control over their children."] ['In World War II, American Gates Trimble Pomfret  is in London during the Blitz to sell the ancestral family house. The current tenant, Leslie Trimble , tries to dissuade him from selling by telling him the 140 year history of the place and the connections between the Trimble and Pomfret families.'] ['The episodes in the life of a Jewish family in the Once neighborhood of Buenos Aires and the other shopkeepers in a low-rent commercial gallery are depicted in the story. The narrator, Ariel Makaroff , is the son of Sonia Makaroff  who was deserted by her husband  when he went to Israel in 1973 to fight in the Yom Kippur War. Yet, the father is in touch with Sonia via telephone weekly and supports Ariel and his brother Joseph . Sonia runs a lingerie shop in the gallery.  Ariel is a young man in a hurry without much of a sense of direction. He\'s having an affair with Rita , an older woman, pines for his former girlfriend Estella , and fantasizes of emigrating to Poland, where his family came from during World War II. He carps at his grandmother  for immigration documents that will support his claim to Polish citizenship as he wants to become "European." This forces his grandmother to remember her memories of Holocaust Poland. At one point, the shop owners organize a race against another group of merchants. They hope to earn a cash purse and fix up the exterior of their gallery and install air conditioning. Other characters include: a large Italian family whose noisy arguments drown out the radios in their radio repair shop; a quiet Korean couple who run a feng shui boutique; Mitelman  who runs a travel agency, but which is really a front for currency smuggling; and a solitary stationer named Osvaldo . Right before the big race his father suddenly shows up in Buenos Aires. His mother confesses to Ariel that his father left Argentina and the family because she had a brief affair with Osvaldo, the retailer next door. It was a one time thing and did not mean anything but it ruined the marriage. Ariel finally gets to hear his father\'s side of the story: he could not get over the fact that his mother had betrayed him with Osvaldo. Elías can finally enfold his son in a long-overdue embrace, and Ariel embraces his father as well in the closing moments of the film. The grandmother sings a klezmer song over the closing credits.'] ['{{Plot}} The film revolves around an eclectic group of students from Pennsylvania attending a high school graduation party at a large house owned by a rich class member\'s family. Each character has different plans for the night. Preston Myers  plans to proclaim his love to his four-year secret crush, to whom he has never had the nerve to speak before, prom queen Amanda Beckett , who has recently been dumped by her jock boyfriend, Mike Dexter  who is targeted by nerd classmate William Lichter , who is plotting revenge against Mike for years of bullying. Denise Fleming  has no intention of going to the party but is dragged along by Preston. Kenny Fisher  is a wigger who plans on losing his virginity by the end of the night. When he goes into the upstairs bathroom to "get ready", Denise happens to walk in. After getting locked inside, the pair of former friends begin talking about how they drifted apart; their conversation eventually leads to the restoration of their friendship and then escalates into them having sex. At the party, Amanda deals with being alternately consoled by the drunken girlfriends of Mike\'s jock friends and her own cousin  and tries to figure out if she truly has an identity beyond being known as "Mike Dexter\'s girlfriend". At one point, she discovers a letter addressed to her. Unbeknownst to her, the letter was written by Preston. After reading and being moved by its contents, she makes it her mission to find him. Before the party, Mike convinces his fellow jock friends to follow his lead and dump their girlfriends to make a pact in which they all pledge to remain single as they go to college. Later on, an intoxicated Mike learns from a guy named Trip McNeely  &mdash; a graduate and former stud from his high school &mdash; that in college, guys like them are "a dime a dozen". This reality is even driven in further by the fact that Trip emphasizes how he dumped his girlfriend in the same fashion that Mike did to score with women which was unsuccessful. Terrified, Mike tries to get Amanda back, but she replies that she is happier without him and humiliates him in front of everyone at the party. At the same time, William devises his plan to get revenge on Mike. He has his two even more nerdy, X-Files-obsessed friends wait on the roof, while he goes into the party to drive Mike out. However, while inside the party, William begins drinking alcohol to fit in. After a while, he drinks enough to make him forget what he was originally doing there and then an impromptu sing-along to Guns N\' Roses\' "Paradise City" causes him to become popular for the evening. William begins talking with Mike, and Mike apologizes for bullying him. William forgives him, and the two of them seemingly become friends. When Mike and William are jailed as a result of a police bust, Mike takes the blame, saying that he forced William into drinking. However, the next morning when William sees Mike and some of his friends at a local diner, he tries to thank Mike for taking the fall. But Mike acts as though he remembers nothing of what happened the previous night and proceeds to ridicule him in front of his friends. William, feeling the sting of betrayal, leaves dejected while Mike laughs with his friends. Meanwhile, Preston eventually finds Amanda and confesses his love; however, she assumes he is another drunk pervert and rejects him. She later finds a yearbook, sees his picture, and realizes her mistake. She tries to find Preston again, but he has already driven home. The next morning, Preston is at a railway station, about to leave. Amanda visits Preston at the station and asks him about the letter. Preston confesses he wrote it and that he is about to depart for a pre-college writing workshop with Kurt Vonnegut. The two regretfully say their goodbyes; but soon after, Preston stops and runs back to Amanda, and they kiss. As the film ends, the characters\' fates are revealed: * Seven hours later, Preston finally got on a train to Boston. Amanda wrote him a letter for every day that he was away. They are still together. * The day after the party, Denise and Kenny meet up in a diner; five minutes later, Denise dumped Kenny. Ten minutes later, they found a bathroom and got back together. * Mike went on to college but, after drinking too much, lost his football scholarship. He ended up forty pounds overweight and working at the car wash, a job he lost when incriminating Polaroids surfaced. * William became one of the most popular students at Harvard. He went on to form his own computer company that has made him worth millions, and he is dating a supermodel. * William\'s two nerdy friends were abducted by aliens after discussing that they did not miss anything by not attending the party.'] ["The protagonist, Lolita Cassard, lacks confidence and self-esteem because she doesn't look like the women who fill the pages of fashion magazines. Her father, Étienne Cassard, is a respected novelist, but rarely considers the feelings of others, only thinking of himself and worrying about aging. Pierre Millet, a younger writer, doubts he will ever be successful. Meanwhile, Sylvia Millet, a singing teacher, believes in her husband's talent, but doubts her own and that of her student, Lolita. When Sylvia discovers that Lolita is the daughter of Étienne, an author whom she admires, she befriends Lolita in order to gain access to Étienne for her husband's sake. Lolita does not believe or see that Sylvia is just another person being generous to her because her father is famous. She begins to confide in Sylvia about her father, love life, and self-confidence issues. Sylvia surprisingly takes a liking to Lolita and begins to see Étienne for the man he really is. Throughout the film Sébastien, a young journalist, befriends Lolita. He is the only one with pure intents, even after he finds out who her father is. He takes a liking to Lolita, but she refuses to show any interests and is only infatuated with another boy, Mathieu. Mathieu is everything Sébastien is not. Mathieu only has interest for Lolita because of her father and mistreats her. Lolita casts all of these same behaviors on Sébastien and does not realize that he truly does like her for herself. After a crazy weekend at Étienne's cottage, Sylvia leaves Pierre because he has become just like Étienne, Lolita goes after Sébastien because she realizes he has honest intentions, and Étienne is repeatedly reminded that he is an indifferent father to Lolita."] ["Nora Harper  is an African-American businesswoman who owns a hair salon in Los Angeles, California. She keeps watch over her employees, friends, relatives, and regular customers. Lilleana  is a new employee from the Dominican Republic, and she is also in an abusive relationship with her wants-more-than friend, Bennie . Chloe  is a hair stylist who has aspirations of a career in show business. Ming  does manicures and has problems with her temper, and loves offering her opinions. Devin  is a bisexual man who is uncertain about his relationship with Delicious . Later in the film, Nora has a heart attack. Her friends from the salon hope for her recovery but she dies shortly before the end of the film. In the end the salon remains open, selling Nora's hairstyling products."] ["Handguns figure in the intertwining lives of nine people. Warren  shoots his wife Helen's  lover and his defense is that he thought he was shooting an intruder. She leaves him; and her lawyer  helps her get a job with a nutty, reclusive computer wizard  who waves a pistol about, sometimes at Helen. Tennel , the computer geek's ex-assistant, lands a video-store job and is smitten by Annabel Lee , an aggressive street kid who likes complaining about men to her pistol-packing psychotic brother  to set him off. In secret, Annabel starts an affair with the lawyer, but things are complicated when the lawyer's gay lover  finds out. Meanwhile a cop  stays on Warren's tail."] ["{{plot}} 12 African American men are introduced aboard the bus as it leaves L.A. for the cross-country drive to D.C. where the Million Man March is being held. They have nothing in common except for their race and destination. Along the way, the men get to know each other and discuss various topics including their personal lives, their political beliefs, and religious affiliations. The elderly Jeremiah reveals that after he lost his job, he became an alcoholic and eventually lost his family. He hopes the March will revitalize him and inspire him to turn his life around. Evan Jr., who fancies himself as a gangster rap artist, manages to escape from his father at one point. Evan Sr. finds Junior and realizes that Junior's criminal behavior was an attempt to gain his attention after he became neglectful. He expresses regret and promises to make a sincere effort to be there for Junior. Xavier, begins interviewing the passengers, allowing each of the passengers to reveal information about their lives and how they perceive themselves and the March. Xavier captures as much as he can on his camcorder . Tensions rise after Xavier's interview with Flip, an aspiring actor who is full of hatred and seems to be missing the whole purpose of the March. He claims to be a racist and provokes the gay couple, Kyle and Randall, for being homosexuals and Gary for being biracial. Gary is a police officer and is anxious to put an end to all the atrocities happening in his streets. He has even worked with a community outreach program to discourage children from becoming involved in gang activity. Jamal admits to committing murder and rape, crimes for which he was never arrested or punished. Gary informs him that he will be arrested upon their return to California. Kyle, a Gulf War veteran feels he has been persecuted from all sides because of his race and sexual orientation. Randall tries to comfort him. An argument ensues between Flip and Kyle and turns violent when Flip punches Kyle. In the resulting fistfight, Kyle is victorious and Flip is embarrassed. During the trip, the bus breaks down and the group boards a new bus. The new driver is Rick , who is ethnically Jewish. Later, Rick in protest refuses to drive and leaves. George takes over for the rest of the trip, with help from Evan Sr. who, while not licensed a bus driver, has experience driving trucks. The group meet various people at rest stops including fellow travelers, friendly White American Southerners and women. At a diner, the group meets Wendell , a Lexus salesman who bribes his way onto the bus. He quickly comes to be accused as racist from the others and the passengers literally throw him out of the bus. While driving through Knoxville, Tennessee, the bus is pulled over by a group of redneck Tennessee state troopers on suspicion of drug trafficking. The bus is searched with drug-sniffing dogs. However they do not find anything illegal and the racist state troopers reluctantly permit the bus to continue on its way. As the bus approaches Washington, D.C., Jeremiah becomes unconscious and is rushed to a hospital, where it is revealed that Jeremiah has coronary artery disease. Evan Sr. and Jr., Gary, Jamal, and Xavier, stay behind and watch the beginning of March on television while the others attend the march. Jeremiah dies. The men are shocked and saddened by Jeremiah's death. They end up watching the rest of the March from the hospital. As they come out of the hospital, the group see their bus pull up, where George tells them that he and the rest of the people on the bus traveled only halfway to the march before they decided to come back to be with Jeremiah. As the bus prepares to return home, George tells the men that the March should be seen as merely the beginning of a larger movement. Jeremiah's drum is given to Xavier. George finds a paper in the hollow bottom of the drum, which is told to be the prayer Jeremiah wrote in honor of the Million Man March. Later, in front of the Lincoln Memorial, George leads the men in Jeremiah's prayer. In the bus, the group quietly reflects on the trip's events. The film ends with a front side view of the Lincoln Memorial that scrolls down to show a broken shackle lying near its base."] ["The book club is the brainchild of fiftysomething six-time divorcée Bernadette, who latches onto the idea when she meets Prudie, a prim, married high school French teacher in her mid-20s, at a Jane Austen film festival. Her concept is to have six members discuss all of Austen's six novels, with each member hosting the group once a month. Also inducted into the club are Sylvia, a fortysomething librarian who recently has separated from her philandering lawyer husband Daniel after more than two decades of marriage; Sylvia's 20-something lesbian daughter Allegra; Jocelyn, a happily unmarried control freak and breeder of Rhodesian Ridgebacks who has been Sylvia's friend since childhood; and Grigg, a science fiction fan who's roped into the group by Jocelyn with the hope he and Sylvia will prove to be a compatible match. As the months pass, each of the members develops characteristics similar to those of Austen's characters and reacts to events in their lives in much the same way their fictional counterparts would. Bernadette is the matriarch figure who longs to see everyone find happiness. Sylvia clings to her belief in steadfast love and devotion, and eventually reconciles with Daniel. Jocelyn denies her own feelings for Grigg while playing matchmaker for him and Sylvia. Prudie, encumbered with her inattentive husband Dean and a free-spirited, pot-smoking, aging-hippie mother, a product of the 1960s counterculture, finds herself desperately trying not to succumb to her feelings for her seductive student Trey. Allegra, who tends to meet her lovers while engaging in death-defying activities, feels betrayed when she discovers her current partner, aspiring writer Corinne, has used Allegra's life as the basis for her short stories. Grigg is attracted to Jocelyn and mystified by her seeming lack of interest in him, marked by her failure to read the Ursula K. Le Guin novels he has hoped will catch her fancy. He also serves as the comedic foil to Jocelyn and Prudie's very serious takes on the books."] ['{{Rquote}} Nick "The Zone" Falzone  and his fellow air traffic controllers at New York TRACON pride themselves on their ability to handle the intense stress of being a controller for one of the busiest airspaces in the country, even boasting of the 50% drop-out rate for new additions to the staff who are unable to cope with the pressure. The group is joined by the quiet and confident Russell Bell , a veteran of TRACONs in the Western United States. Russell quickly proves to be exceptionally capable of handling the increased workload by using unorthodox and risky methods. Nick feels challenged by the new controller\'s ability to out-perform him at seemingly every task and warns his supervisor that Bell is a loose cannon, especially after discovering that Russell once stood on a runway to allow himself to be violently propelled by a landing commercial airliner\'s jetwash. At a supermarket, Nick encounters Russell\'s despondent young wife Mary , who is sobbing over a grocery cart full of alcohol. In consoling her, Nick ends up back at the Bells\' house, where he and Mary both cheat on their respective spouses by having sex. Several days later, Mary informs Nick that she immediately told Russell about the affair, and that the confession has actually improved their marriage. Fearing retaliation, Nick confronts Russell at work, and is confused and surprised by Russell\'s even-tempered response to the situation. Meanwhile, Nick\'s wife, Connie , seems to become more and more intrigued by Russell, and Nick becomes increasingly paranoid that Russell will eventually seek revenge by having sex with her. While out of town for his father-in-law\'s funeral, Nick can\'t bring himself to lie when a grieving Connie challenges him to say that he has never cheated on her. As their flight home approaches New York, Connie tells Nick that she has indeed slept with Russell. The plane then makes an odd turn, and Nick assumes that Russell is harassing him, or possibly going insane, by purposely directing the plane into a dangerous storm. Soon after going to TRACON to confront Russell, a bomb threat is called in to the center. The building is evacuated as both Nick and Russell volunteer to stay behind to handle the daunting task of landing all the planes on approach in their airspace before the alleged bomb is set to go off in 26 minutes. Successfully routing all but one plane that has lost radio contact, Nick leaves the building as the deadline approaches, while Russell instead remains inside to make contact with the plane by calling one of its passengers via Airfone. Russell is lauded as a hero for making the effort despite the threat, which turned out to be a hoax. Russell abruptly quits and he and Mary move to Colorado. Connie leaves Nick, and his performance at work suffers; the once cocky, boastful controller is sent home after being responsible for two mid-air near collisions in one shift. After learning that Russell had ordered the diversion of Nick\'s flight not to provoke him, but to clear a path to make a plane with a medical emergency on board next in line for a landing, Nick impulsively drives out to Colorado to make amends with Russell. Nick seeks his advice on how to get his personal life back in order, but Russell is unable to make Nick understand with words. He instead brings Nick to a runway so that he too can experience being caught in a landing aircraft\'s turbulence. The two engage in the stunt together, and it has a profound effect on Nick, who thanks Russell. He returns to New York, where he regains his form at work, and reconciles with Connie.'] ['Expecting only the basic pressures of attending Harvard Law School, a serious, hard-working student named James Hart , a recent graduate of the University of Minnesota, finds himself the fearful adversary of the school\'s most imperious, sardonic contracts professor, Charles W. Kingsfield Jr. . Their relationship grows even more complex when the young man discovers that the woman he is dating, Susan Fields , is his professor\'s daughter. Graham Beckel, Edward Herrmann, and James Naughton co-star as other law students. The film is an extremely faithful adaptation of the novel, but it adds two revelations not in the book: Hart\'s first name and middle initial , and the final grade that Hart got in Contract Law. In both the novel and the film, Hart makes a paper airplane out of his final report card, and sends it sailing into the Atlantic Ocean without looking at it. Kingsfield\'s words of advice to his class: "You teach yourselves the law, but I train your minds. You come in here with a skull full of mush; you leave thinking like a lawyer."'] ["Gil Buckman , a neurotic sales executive, is trying to balance his family and his career in suburban St. Louis. When he finds out that his eldest son, Kevin, has emotional problems and needs therapy, and that his two younger children, daughter Taylor and youngest son Justin, both have issues as well, he begins to blame himself and questions his abilities as a father. When his wife, Karen , becomes pregnant with their fourth child, he is unsure he can handle it. He is frustrated and fearful that the financial burdens of another child and office politics at work are turning him into the detached workaholic he despised his own father, Frank , for being. Humbled by family and work issues, Gil opens up to Frank about his doubts as a parent. Frank tells him that he worries too much, and the two have a reconciliation of sorts with Frank telling Gil that worry for one's children never ends. When a hired cowboy character fails to show up at their birthday party, Gil dresses as a cowboy himself and assumes the role. His sister, Helen , is a divorced bank manager whose ex-husband wants nothing to do with their children, Garry and Julie. Garry , who has just entered puberty, is quiet, uninvolved, and likes to be alone in his room with a mysterious paper bag. At first Helen worries that the bag contains drugs or alcohol, but the bag actually contains porn. Julie , is still in high school, but is not interested in her education. She and her boyfriend, Tod , get married, Julie gets pregnant, and the two live in her mother's house. When Helen asks Tod to talk with Garry, Tod is able to reassure Garry that his obsession with girls and sex is normal for a boy his age. This is a relief to Garry. This also increases Helen's respect for Tod. Eventually she supports Tod and her daughter's relationship to the extent that when Julie wants to break up with him, Helen orders her to face her fears and support him. Gil's other sister, Susan , is a middle school teacher married to an intelligent but neurotic scientist, Nathan . They have a precocious daughter, Patty. Susan wants more children, but Nathan is more interested in their daughter's cognitive development. Susan lashes out by compromising her diaphragm as a plan to get pregnant against Nathan's wishes. She eventually gets so frustrated that she leaves him. Nathan eventually comes to one of her classes and serenades her to win her back. He promises her he will try to change and and Susan agrees to move back home. Larry , Gil's brother, is the black sheep of the family, but is Frank's favorite. Rather than settle into a career, he has drifted through life trying to cash in on get-rich-quick schemes. He has recently shown up, along with his son, Cool, and wants to borrow money from his father. It soon becomes apparent that Larry needs the money to pay off his gambling debts, or else he must pay with his life. Frank is disillusioned, but still loves him and tries to help. Frank refuses to bail him out completely, but offers to teach him the family business so he can take over for Frank  and use the income to pay off the debt. Larry instead suggests a plan which involves his going to Chile, and Frank agrees to look after Cool. The family is reunited at the hospital when Helen gives birth to a baby girl. Frank holds his grandson, Cool. Tod and Julie are together, raising their son. Susan is visibly pregnant. Gil and Karen are now the parents of four."] ["{{Tone}} When childhood friends Al, Dennis and Eliot get together for Ray's wedding, which may or may not happen, they end up on a roller-coaster ride through reality. During one tumultuous, crazy weekend, they face adulthood and each other with new found maturity and discover what Queens Logic is all about. This comedy takes a look at friendship, loyalty, and love."] ['Faced with a demotion at work due to a drinking problem, Osbourne Cox quits his job as a CIA analyst and resolves to write a memoir about his life and career. When his pediatrician wife Katie finds out, she sees it as a justifiable opportunity to file for divorce and continue her extramarital affair unimpeded. Taking her lawyer\'s advice, she copies financial records and several other files from her husband\'s computer onto a CD. When the CD gets left on the locker room floor of Hardbodies, a local gym, by a careless law firm employee, it falls into the hands of personal trainer Chad Feldheimer and his co-worker Linda Litzke, who mistake the numerical data in the Cox\'s bank records and the cryptic first draft of Osbourne\'s memoir to be highly sensitive government information. After getting the data traced back to Osbourne, Chad and Linda plan to give the disc back to him for a reward, with Linda planning to use the money to pay for cosmetic surgery. But when a phone call and subsequent in-person meeting with Osbourne goes horribly wrong, Chad and Linda turn over the disc to the Russian embassy, offering more information in return for monetary compensation. With no other data to give them, Linda persuades Chad to sneak into the Cox home to get more files from their computer. Meanwhile, Osbourne\'s increasingly erratic behavior - aggravated in part by his encounters with Chad and Linda - prompt Katie to move ahead with the divorce proceedings. She changes the locks on their house, forcing Osbourne to move onto the sailboat they have docked on Chesapeake Bay. With her husband out of the picture, Katie invites her lover, Harry Pfarrer to move in. A womanizing Treasury Department employee and U.S. Marshal, Pfarrer is coincidentally also secretly seeing Linda. When he finds a strange man hiding in a bedroom closet in Katie\'s house - actually Chad in search of more documents for Linda - Harry panics and shoots him point blank in the face. Seeing that Chad has no identification or labels in his suit, Harry believes he has just killed a spy and quickly disposes of the body by dumping it in the bay. Two days later at the CIA headquarters, an official named Palmer and his director learn that information from Osbourne has been given to the Russian Embassy. They are perplexed and decide to maintain observation until the situation "makes sense". Harry, increasingly anxious after killing a man he believes was a government spy , gets into an argument with Katie and decides to leave the house. On his way out, he spots a man who has been trailing him for the past several days. After tackling him to the ground, Harry finds out that the man is a process server tasked with giving him divorce papers from his wife Sandy, who is having an extramarital liaison of her own. Harry is devastated and goes to see an agitated Linda, who confides in Harry that her friend Chad is missing; he agrees to try to help find him . The next morning, Harry and Linda meet in a park, and she provides him with more information about Chad\'s disappearance. When Harry realizes that Chad is the man he killed, he flees in terror, assuming Linda is also a spy. Linda then turns to Ted Treffon, the kindhearted manager of Hardbodies, who has unrequited feelings for her. Believing the Russians have kidnapped Chad, he agrees to go to the Cox home to search Osbourne\'s computer. Unemployed and having spent the past several days living on a small boat, Osbourne becomes unhinged when he finds out that his wife has emptied his bank accounts, and, no longer having keys, decides to break into the house to get some of his personal belongings. Finding Ted in the basement, Osbourne initially takes him to be Katie\'s lover. He soon realizes Ted\'s affiliation with Linda and the rest of the "league of morons" he feels he has been struggling against his whole life, and fires a gunshot at him. Ted manages to get out of the house, only to be fatally attacked by a hatchet-wielding Osbourne. At CIA headquarters a few days later, Palmer and his director try to understand what exactly happened. It is revealed that while trying to board a flight to Venezuela, Harry was detained because his name was on a hot list, Ted\'s body has been disposed of and the CIA are holding Linda who is promising to keep quiet about everything if they will pay for her cosmetic surgery. A CIA agent shot Osbourne during his hatchet assault on Ted and the bullet has put Osbourne in a coma. The director instructs Palmer to let Harry fly to Venezuela, mistakenly saying that the US has no extradition treaty with Venezuela, decides the CIA will pay for Linda\'s surgery and postpones considering Osbourne\'s situation until he regains consciousness, which is not likely. The director tells Palmer that they did not really learn anything.'] ['Jesse Reilly was released from prison and he is to be married to Hope. Shortly before the wedding he is involved in a bank robbery with his friends Buzz Thomas, Teddy Pollack and Billy Phillips. It escalates to a hostage crisis, and the FBI is called. In an exchange of fire, a few men are shot. Hope and Jesse are then rescued by John G. Coleman in a helicopter. In the last scene, Jesse and Hope are shown raising their son.'] ["The title is Adolf Hitler's question to his chief of staff Alfred Jodl on the eve of the liberation of Paris : the military governor of Paris, General Dietrich von Choltitz, had been ordered to destroy Paris rather than let it fall undamaged into the hands of the Allies, but von Choltitz disobeyed. The film follows historical events as U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower, head of the Allied invasion, refuses to divert troops to liberate Paris. His hand is forced by the French military leader, Philippe Leclerc, and by a Resistance uprising in the city. Von Choltitz keeps details of the uprising from the German high command in an effort to save the city being destroyed in retaliation. The film follows his turmoil as a soldier and as the man who doesn't wish to be seen by history as the cause of a beautiful city's destruction. In this he is helped by the intervention of the Swedish consul, Raoul Nordling. The film looks not only at the taking of Paris by French and American troops but at rivalries within the Resistance. Of the two main sections, the branch loyal to General Charles de Gaulle was against an uprising by the Resistance while the branch linked to the communists, led by Henri Rol-Tanguy, believed action was necessary. De Gaulle tried to overcome communist influence during and after Liberation, believing the communists planned to take control of the city and then of France."] ["On a cold afternoon, with snow on the ground, a high school band is practicing for the last football game, when they hear gunshots. The film abruptly flashes back to a few weeks before, to a Chinese restaurant where a high school boy named Arthur buses tables, and his ex-babysitter, Annie, and her best friend, Barb, are waitresses. Arthur, who's a bit of a misfit, has a troubled home life caused by his constantly clashing parents, both of whom often forget about him. Annie's life isn't faring much better: she's now a single mother with an ill mother, separated from her husband, Glenn, who's on the wagon and becoming a born-again Christian in order to prove that he is responsible enough to spend time with their young daughter, Tara. Depressed and lonely, Annie is having an affair with Barb's husband, Nate, which eventually serves to only make her unhappier, as she feels great guilt over betraying her best friend. Desperate to prove himself and still harboring feelings for his estranged wife , Glenn gets a new job and spends as much time as possible with Tara. Meanwhile, Arthur finds himself growing close to Lila, a new student at the high school who has a knack for photography. The film focuses heavily on how people's lives can cross in a small town, especially when Tara wanders out of the house and goes missing while Annie, having just lost her best friend over the affair, is sleeping. The whole town spends hours desperately searching for Tara, before Arthur finds her body while smoking pot with his friend. To Annie's horror, Tara fell into the lake while playing and drowned when the water froze over. This turn of events leads to Glenn having a complete breakdown, which results in his murder of Annie and subsequent suicide."] ["Lucy  is a frustrated erotic novelist exploring whether a weekend of sexual passion with Sloan , a bisexual poet, can liberate her from writer's block."] ["The film focuses on several stories about Asian Canadian organized gangs, set mostly in Vancouver{{cite news}} {{Dead link}} as he goes deeper into the criminal organization.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}} Another story focuses on the Wahs, an immigrant family from China. The parents in that family  are concerned about their son Jason , who is constantly the victim of racial bullying. Jason soon receives help, but from a Chinese-Canadian youth with gang connections. They attempt a robbery but fail, and Jason is forced to flee for his life while his father Henry tries to save him. Forced into prostitution at a senior gang member's wife's massage parlour because she cannot pay her debts, she seeks the help of a gang-enforcer , who befriends her,<ref nameDragonBoys.ca | titlehttp://www.dragonboys.ca/eng/behind.html | accessdate=26 December 2006 }} as means of escape."] ["A 27 year old French woman, Jane Fosset , arrives alone at a rundown boarding house in Notting Hill, London, moving into an L-shaped room. Beautiful but withdrawn, she encounters the residents of her house, each a social outsider in his or her own way. Jane is pregnant and has no desire to marry the father. On her first visit to a doctor, she wants to find out if she really is pregnant and consider her options. The doctor's facile assumption that she must want either marriage or an abortion insults her to the extent that Jane determines to have the child. She and Toby  start a romance, which is disrupted when he learns that she is pregnant by a previous suitor. They try to work things out, but he is also unhappy with his lack of income and success as a writer. Jane befriends the other residents and they help her when she goes into labour. Toby visits her in the hospital and gives her a copy of his new book, called The L-Shaped Room. After leaving the hospital, Jane journeys home to her parents in France, saying goodbye to the room where she had lived for seven months."] ["The movie is about a documentary team that follows the reunion of Hard Core Logo. Joe Dick gets the band back together ostensibly for an anti-gun benefit after hearing Canadian punk rock legend Bucky Haight, and personal mentor, is shot. They begin the tour in Vancouver and travel to Edmonton, via Winnipeg. On the way the band's dark secrets are revealed. John Oxenberger loses his schizophrenia medication and slowly loses his sanity. Billy Tallent finds out that by going on tour he loses his position in main stream rock band Jenifur and with that his one shot at stardom. The band stops by Bucky Haight's reclusive estate only to find he was never shot and that Joe Dick fabricated the lie in order to get the band together. The band and documentary crew drop acid and experience hallucinations. Bucky admonishes Joe Dick for using him to get the band together. At Edmonton, Billy Tallent finds out he has another opportunity to permanently join Jenifur. Joe Dick finds out from the film crew and later attacks Billy on stage. Joe Dick destroys Billy Tallent's Fender Stratocaster, which was a gift from Bucky Haight, and the band parts ways. In the final scene Joe Dick drinks with the documentary crew members and shoots himself."] ["The film deals with five friends who share a house  while attending art school at UC Santa Cruz. Now they are graduating, and they are struggling to delay going their separate ways. Party animal Jack  is still reeling over breaking up with his girlfriend, while also contending with his career choice to be an artist to the chagrin of his upper class parents. Rob  is committing, although reluctantly in moving to Los Angeles with his longtime girlfriend. Longtime student Dennis  has been accepted to a master's program at school in Michigan, although his mentor's influence may prohibit him from doing so. Mickey  doesn't know how to tell his longtime best friend Chelsea  that he's in love with her while Slosh  gave up his brilliant potential by dropping out and becoming a ne'er do well drunk with dead end jobs. The five must either stay living in what is their past, or carry on and follow their futures as adults."] ['It was supposed to be just a normal night at the police station for rookie cop Christine Paley . This is a report of about eight different types of arrests which can happen in a normal month. Lt. Mike Brosloe  leads her through one of the most unusual first shifts.'] ["Slimane Beiji  is the divorced head of a Franco-Arabic family. As he is being forced out of his job at the local shipyard, he interacts in a series of extended vignettes with various members of his extended family including his ex-wife, his sons and daughters, their husbands and wives, and his grandchildren. Determined to leave a legacy for his beloved family, and encouraged by his long-term partner's daughter, Rym,  he pursues his dream of converting a dilapidated boat into a family restaurant that will specialise in his ex-wife's fish couscous, a meal that she prepares for the entire family every Sunday. With Rym's enthusiastic help, Slimane applies for the relevant licences and loans, but soon finds himself knee-deep in bureaucratic red tape. Undaunted, Slimane enlists his sons to help with the renovation and arranges an opening gala of a large dinner party, to which he invites the many bureaucrats on whose decision the fate of the project rests, in an attempt to demonstrate the viability of the enterprise. On the night in question attendance is high, although notable by her absence is his long-term partner, Latifa. Insulted and threatened by the involvement of Slimane's ex-wife in the project, the restaurant's cook and creator of the pivotal fish couscous, Latifa refuses to leave her hotel. Rym pleads with her to attend, encouraging her to use the opportunity to flaunt her comparative youth and beauty in front of Slimane's ex-wife, and eventually she concedes. Having prepared the couscous, fish, vegetables and sauce in large metal cauldrons, Slimane's ex-wife sends the food to the boat with her sons and leaves her apartment to find a 'poor man' so that she can donate a plate of food that she habitually reserves for the less fortunate. At the restaurant, the sons unload the metal cauldrons and the women serve wine and appetisers to the waiting guests. The guests, talking amongst themselves, begin to speak both positively and anxiously about the likely success of the restaurant, now concerned that it may draw custom away from the other restaurants in the area. Slimane's son Majid, whilst surveying the crowd, notices a bureaucrat's wife with whom he has had several illicit sexual liaisons and decides to leave quietly. He instructs his brother to tell the rest of the family that he has gone to help a friend who has broken down on the highway. The women start to heat up the food when they notice the absence of the couscous. Panic mounts when they discover that it is definitively absent and Majid, who has taken the car that still holds the metal cauldron in the trunk, is not answering his phone. Knowing that it will take at least another hour to cook a new batch, they continue to frantically call Majid and attempt to call Souad, who is out searching for an unfortunate in need of plate of couscous. Slimane takes his motorbike out to Souad's apartment building to find her. In the dining room the guests, despite the attempts of the women to placate them with assurances and date liqueur, become extremely restless. Their comments turn nasty and they turn on the waitressing girls. When he cannot find his ex-wife, Slimane leaves the apartment building to find his motorbike stolen. The culprits, three young boys, sit atop the stolen bike on the other side of the river, mocking him. He runs after them, but every time they stop to mock him they move on before he can catch up to them. Tensions in the dining room reach a peak and Rym decides to step in. She whispers to the musicians, and suddenly the music stops and the lights go out. When they come back on, Rym stands before the assembled diners in a red belly-dancing outfit. The musicians play for her and she entrances the guests with a fervent performance, charged with youthful, sexual energy. Latifa uses the opportunity to slip off the boat and return to the hotel to start a new pot of couscous. As Rym dances and sweats, her mother walks up the gangplank with a new cauldron of couscous, whilst Slimane continues to chase the youths around the apartment building. Finally he collapses to his knees, slumped on the asphalt."] ["Miranda Presley is an aspiring singer/songwriter from New York City who loves country music and decides to take her chances in Nashville, Tennessee, where she hopes to become a star. After arriving in Music City after a long bus ride, Miranda makes her way to the Bluebird Cafe, a local watering hole with a reputation as a showcase for new talent. The bar's owner, Lucy, takes a shine to the plucky newcomer and gives her a job as a waitress. Before long, Miranda has gotten to know a number of other Nashville transplants who are looking to land a gig or sell a song, including sweet and open-hearted Kyle Davidson, moody but talented James Wright, and spunky Linda Lue Linden. As the four friends struggle to find their place in the competitive Nashville music scene, both Kyle and James display a romantic interest in Miranda, but she is drawn to James in spite of his moody temperament. Miranda pursues James, and they end up getting married, but they soon realize marriage takes work. James leaves Miranda behind to make his album, what he always wanted to do, but realizes he left his heart with her. The film has an open ending, but we are led to believe she stays with James."] ['The scientists of the Coyote Bus Lines feverishly work to complete Cyclops, enabling man to achieve a new milestone in bussing: non-stop service between New York City and Denver. Almost immediately after inserting nuclear fuel into the bus\'s engine, a bomb goes off, almost killing Professor Baxter, the scientist in charge of the project. Cyclops itself is undamaged, but Coyote Lines has lost both its driver and co-driver. Kitty Baxter, the professor\'s daughter and the Cyclops\'s designer, is forced to turn to Dan Torrance, an old flame. Once a promising driver, Torrance was disgraced after he crashed his bus atop Mount Diablo, and was accused of saving his own life by eating all of his passengers.  Narrowly surviving an assault by vindictive fellow drivers with the help of "Shoulders" O\'Brien, Torrance is recruited to drive Cyclops. Meanwhile, a sinister tycoon plots with oil sheikhs to destroy the bus. Known as "Iron Man", he spends the film in a huge iron lung while directing his brother Alex to sabotage Cyclops using timebombs. Alex would prefer to use a manmade earthquake, but Iron Man insists that the bus be destroyed and discredited. Before its maiden voyage, Alex sneaks aboard and hides a bomb within the bus. On the big day, the bus leaves New York bound for Denver. Among the passengers are the Cranes, a married couple waiting for their divorce to finalize; Father Kudos, a priest who has lost his way; Dr. Kurtz, a disgraced veterinarian; Emery Bush, a man with only a few months to live; and Camille Levy, whose father died on Mount Diablo. At first, Cyclops\'s journey is a success, and Torrance triumphantly breaks the 90&nbsp;mph "wind barrier" . Soon, however, disaster strikes. Investigating a mechanical problem, Dan finds Alex\'s bomb. He disarms it only before an explosion rips through another part of the bus. Now unable to stop, Cyclops plows across America. Dan is determined to achieve Cyclops\'s historic goal of non-stop service to Denver, but he also needs to surpass a treacherously curvy road where his father "bought it". Dan almost succeeds, but not before the bus runs partially off the road, finding itself teetering over a cliff. To save the bus, Dan and Shoulders shift all weight the back of the bus by pumping all of Cyclops\'s supply of soft drinks into the galley, and jettisoning all of the luggage. Knowing he has only one more chance to destroy Cyclops, Iron Man is finally persuaded by Alex to use the earthquake. Unfortunately for Iron Man, Alex sets the coordinates for Iron Man\'s house and not Cyclops. Back on the road, Cyclops finally makes its way to Denver. In the final scene, the bus is only 25 miles outside of Denver when the front and rear halves of the bus split from each other. It is unknown why and how the front and rear halves split from each other.'] ["The actor who annually plays Sinterklaas dies just before the arrival of television crew. A mysterious new Sinterklaas named Jan  replaces him. Just a short while after his public appearance, he jumps into water to save a little girl who falls into it, and then he runs away from the crowd and disappears. He is found by the production assistant of the television show next day, and agrees to appear in television shows on knowing that playing Sinterklaas is a paid job. He becomes quite popular on television because of his alternative style. Klaasje  has left her husband Dennis , because he cheated on her with a young and attractive elementary school teacher . Dennis wants her back, but his chances seem to plummet when she has a fling with a 16-year-old boy , whom she meets during the funeral of her father, the deceased actor who used to play Sinterklaas annually. Klaasje’s best friend Simone , the mother of the girl rescued by Sinterklaas, is the linchpin in her family. Her husband Ted  often feels redundant. He loses his job, but he is afraid to tell his dominant wife about it. Swimming instructor Victor  looks forward to marrying his love Kees , an undertaker. But Kees has doubts and fears about committed life. During the marriage ceremony, he walks away without saying ‘yes’. Victor's sister Kiki , a saleswoman at the jewellery section of De Bijenkorf, has always dreamt of a Prince Charming. During the arrival of Sinterklaas, Kiki almost runs into Crown Prince Valentine , while driving a horse carriage. Kiki is dressed as a campaign gift and the prince takes her in his arms as she tries to get down from the carriage. Prince Valentine falls in love with her. Next morning he visits De Bijenkorf to see Kiki. But Kiki desists from seeing him, and rejects him on the grounds that he will not take her seriously. To still come into contact with her, Prince Valentine dresses as Black Peter, does antics at De Bijenkorf for work. In the evening, he  offers to drop her home and ends up having a wild night with her. The next morning, however, he sneaks away through the window without saying goodbye to Kiki. Kiki follows him to his hotel and confronts him. It turns out that Kiki knew all along that Prince Valentine was playing Black Pieter but just wanted to see how far he would go for her. They end up kissing each other. On the night of Sinterklaas Eve, the Jan again runs away before his appearance in the show. He is spotted by Ted who recognizes him to be the one who had rescued his daughter from water. Ted invites Jan, dressed as Sinterklaas, for a beer to his house. All the children of the town slowly flock around him as word secretively spreads among them that he is there. The television crew also eventually comes there. During his TV interview, he speaks candidly about his life and his regrets. He also tells that the name of his son is Kees and that he left his son while his son was three. The 5th December Special TV show comes to an end and Sinterklass is seen walking out of on the snowy street. As he walks and looks around, all the couples are shown one by one to have found out what to do with their lives. Having found his father on the television show, Kees drives with Victor to meet him. They come across him in the middle of the road as they were driving. The movie ends with Jan, dressed as Sinterklaas, embracing Kees.Plot Outline Dutch Wikipedia"] ['Neil Perry , Todd Anderson , Knox Overstreet , Charlie Dalton , Richard Cameron , Steven Meeks , and Gerard Pitts  are senior students of the Welton Academy, an elite prep school, whose ethos is defined by the headmaster Gale Nolan  as "tradition, honor, discipline and excellence". Both Neil and Todd are under harsh parental pressure to become a doctor and a lawyer respectively, but Todd wants to be a writer, and Neil discovers a passion for acting. The teaching methods of their new English teacher, John Keating , are unorthodox by Welton standards, whistling the 1812 Overture and taking them out of the classroom to focus on the idea of carpe diem. He tells the students that they may call him "O Captain! My Captain!," in reference to a Walt Whitman poem, if they feel daring. In another class, Keating has Neil read the introduction to their poetry textbook, prescribing a mathematical formula to rate the quality of poetry which Keating finds ridiculous, and he instructs his pupils to rip the introduction out of their books, to the amazement of one of his colleagues. Later he has the students stand on his desk in order to look at the world in a different way. The boys discover that Keating was a former student at Welton and decide to secretly revive the school literary club, the "Dead Poets Society," to which Keating had belonged, meeting in a cave off the school grounds. Due to self-consciousness, Todd fails to complete a writing assignment and Keating takes him through an exercise in self-expression, realizing the potential he possesses. Charlie publishes an unauthorized article in the school newspaper, asserting that girls should be admitted to Welton. At the resulting school inquiry, he offers a phone call from God in support, incurring the headmaster\'s wrath. After being lectured by Headmaster Nolan about his teaching methods, Keating tells the boys to "be wise, not stupid" about protesting against the system. Knox meets and falls in love with a girl named Chris, using his new-found love of poetry to woo her. He presents one of these poems in class, and is applauded by Keating for writing a heartfelt poem on love. Knox travels to Chris\'s public school and recites his poem to her, later convincing her to go to a play with him. Neil wants to be an actor but knows his father  will disapprove. Without his father\'s knowledge, he auditions for the role of Puck in a production of A Midsummer Night\'s Dream. His father finds out and orders Neil to withdraw. Neil asks Keating for advice and is advised to talk to his father and make him understand how he feels, but Neil cannot muster the courage to do so. Instead he goes against his father\'s wishes. His father shows up at the end of the play, furious. He takes Neil home and tells him that he intends to enroll him in a military school to prepare him for Harvard University and a career in medicine. Unable to cope with the future that awaits him or to make his father understand his feelings, Neil commits suicide. At the request of Neil\'s parents, the headmaster launches an investigation. Cameron meets the school governors and board of regents. Later, confronted by Charlie, Cameron admits that he squealed on them and made Keating the scapegoat, and urges the rest of them to let Keating take the fall. Charlie punches Cameron and is later expelled. Todd is called to Nolan\'s office, where his parents are waiting. Nolan forces Todd to admit to being a member of the Dead Poets Society, and makes him sign a document blaming Keating for abusing his authority, inciting the boys to restart the club, and encouraging Neil to flout his father\'s wishes. Todd sees the other boys\' signatures already on the document, and is threatened by his father to sign it. Keating is subsequently fired. The boys return to English class, now being taught by Nolan, who has the boys read the introductory essay only to find that they had all ripped it out. Keating enters the room to retrieve a few belongings. Todd reveals that the boys were intimidated into signing the denunciation. Nolan orders Todd to be quiet and demands that Keating leave. As Keating is about to exit, Todd for the first time breaks his reserve, calls out "O Captain! My Captain!" and stands on his desk. Nolan warns Todd to sit down or face expulsion. Much of the class, including Knox, Meeks, and Pitts, climb onto their desks and look to Keating, ignoring Nolan\'s orders until he gives up. Keating leaves visibly touched.'] ["Three friends, Ganesh , Diganth  and Kitty  come to Mugilupete. Ganesh falls in love with Sowmya , a widow, staying with her in-laws Kodandaram  and Padma  while Diganth and Kitty fall for Kodandaram's daughters Radha  and Pavani  respectively. While Diganth-Radha and Kitty-Pavani get the green signal for marriage, Sowmya is hesitant to accept Ganesh as her life partner. The director shows how Ganesh wins her heart in a unique way."] ["The film deals with the story of two brothers. Barky, played by Marty Denniss, is 25 years old and returning to Sydney after two years of living in the northern sugar cane growing areas. He has returned home to attend the funeral of his father. The film begins with Barky's arrival at Central station at dawn, seeking the whereabouts of his brother, Wace. We learn from flashbacks that he left home two years ago to escape the clutches of his father’s violent rages. Wace, the older brother, is not too happy about Barky’s prolonged absence, having been left to manage looking after the father in his last years of life. After walking through the streets he finds an old mate of his, Wayne , who assures him of the location of his brother. He succeeds in finding his brother through the help of Wayne and friends, who all end up a pub where it is revealed that Barky and Waces's mother left the family fifteen years earlier and that Wace hastened his father's death after he was struck down by a stroke. Barky also crosses paths with his ex-girlfriend, Lanny, and manages to rekindle the relationship. The film was filmed in the streets of Newtown and Erskineville, including inside Gould's Bookstore in Newtown. The title of the movie refers to the King's Hotel, a fictional hotel in which most of the movie takes place."] ['A manhole opens at night in an empty street and out climbs Lieutenant-Colonel Norman Hyde  in a dinner suit. He gets into a Rolls-Royce and drives home. There, he prepares seven envelopes, each containing an American crime paperback called The Golden Fleece, half a £5 note and an unsigned invitation from “Co-operative Removals Limited” to lunch at the Café Royal. He posts the envelopes to former army officers, each in desperate or humiliating circumstances. They all turn up. Hyde dismisses the waiters and introduces himself. He hands out the second halves of the £5 notes and asks their opinion of the novel, in which a robbery is committed by experts. They show little enthusiasm and he expresses surprise given their backgrounds and asks: “You’re all crooks, aren’t you? Of one kind or another”. Touring the table, pouring out brandy, he reveals why they were obliged to leave the British Army and their unenviable present occupations: *Major Peter Race , a former transport officer who resigned before his black market ring was uncovered in post-World War II Hamburg. He earns a poor living in unlicensed gambling and lives at the YMCA. He prides himself on his breeding and addresses men as “old darling”; *Major Rupert Rutland-Smith  is the hen-pecked husband of a wealthy young woman who delights in pulling his strings because he depends upon her money. She has affairs to which he can only turn a blind eye; *Captain “Padre” Mycroft  was a quartermaster dismissed for public gross indecency. He is now a con-man impersonating vicars and priests; he also enjoys lewd books; *Captain Martin Porthill  was dishonourably discharged for killing suspected members of EOKA and now works as a piano player and is a kept man to middle-aged women; *Captain Stevens , one-time fascist follower of Oswald Mosley, is a homosexual running a gymnasium. He needs money to pay a blackmailer ; *Captain Frank Weaver , formerly of a bomb disposal squad, tried defusing a bomb while drunk, killing four of his soldiers. He has been a teetotaller ever since and owns a small shop fixing clocks and watches, living with his garrulous wife  and aging father-in-law; *Lieutenant Edward Lexy , a communications specialist dismissed for selling information to the Russians while in Berlin. He runs a struggling repair shop for radios and fruit machines, illegally reducing the payout on the latter on behalf of criminals. Hyde tells them he has no criminal record himself but does have a grievance for being made redundant by the army after a long career. He intends to rob a bank using the team\'s skills, with equal shares of £100,000 or more for each man. He asks them to consider his proposal. Major Race follows Hyde home. He is interested, but warns Hyde to keep an eye on the others. Hyde agrees, yet insists each man receive an equal share because, “the one, sure way to disaster is for someone to get greedy”. Race agrees, smiles, and says Hyde is “losing a friend, but gaining a second-in-command”, "I\'ll settle for that." The gang meet under the guise of an amateur dramatic society rehearsing Journey’s End to discuss the plan before moving into Hyde’s house and living a military regime of duties and fines, £100 to £500, to be deducted from the haul. Hyde knows that a million pounds in used notes is regularly delivered to a City of London bank and has details of the delivery.In the original script, on the DVD Special Edition, Hyde reveals that he regularly visited a dying bank employee who gave him all the details and that they have stayed the same ever since. What they need now is equipment to pull off the robbery. They raid an army training camp in Dorset for arms and supplies.In the original script, when Hyde reveals his intention to steal from the army, Lexy mutters "Yes, well who would like to play Napoleon this week?... Do me a favour! I mean, how long do they let you out for?", to which Hyde answers "I\'m glad your reactions are normal, Mr Lexy. That\'s precisely the effect I wanted". Hyde, Mycroft, Porthill and Race distract soldiers by posing as senior officers on an unscheduled food inspection. The others steal weapons while posing as telephone repairmen, speaking in Irish accents to divert suspicion to the IRA. The gang rent a warehouse to prepare. Race steals vehicles including cars and a truck which are fitted with false number plates. They are disturbed by a passing policeman who ironically offers to keep an eye on their premises as he patrols. In Hyde’s basement, the gang train with maps and models. On the eve of the operation, Hyde destroys the plans and recalls his former military glory. The robbery is bloodless and precise. Using smoke bombs, sub-machine guns, and radio jamming equipment, the gang raids the bank, near St Paul’s. The money is seized without serious injury and the robbers escape. At Hyde’s house, celebrations are interrupted by the unexpected arrival of Hyde’s old friend, Brigadier “Bunny” Warren , who drunkenly recalls the old days. One by one the members leave carrying suitcases filled with notes. Then the telephone rings; Hyde is told that police and soldiers surround the house. Leading the police is Superintendent Wheatlock  from whom Hyde learns the flaw in his plan. A small boy outside the bank had been collecting car registration  numbers, a common hobby at the time. The police, discovering the number, found it had been noted by the policeman who visited the warehouse. The policeman had also noted the number of Hyde\'s own car. Thus a link was established between the robbery and Hyde. Hyde is escorted to a Black Maria in which the League of Gentlemen are, “all present and correct”, each having been captured as they left the house.'] ['It was 1920 in the southwest West Virginia coal fields, and, as the narrator recalls, "things were tough." In response to efforts by miners to organize into a labor union, the Stone Mountain Coal Company announces it will cut the pay miners receive, and will be importing replacement workers into town to replace those who join the union. The new workers are African Americans from Alabama and are coming in on the train, but the train is stopped outside town and the black men are told to get off. Derided as "scabs", they are then attacked by the local miners, but manage to get back on the train and continue their journey. Witnessing the attack is Joe Kenehan , a passenger on the train and an organizer for the United Mine Workers. He arrives in Matewan and takes up residence at a boarding house run by a coal miner\'s widow, Elma Radnor , and her 15-year-old son, Danny , who is also a miner and a budding Baptist preacher.  As Danny goes to preach that night at the Missionary church , Kenehan goes to meet the miners, who quiz him on his bona fides . Kenehan says he was once a member of the "Wobblies" and wins the tentative confidence of the men. One of the black miners, called Few Clothes, bravely comes to meet the union men and declares that while he can not help it if white people call him a "nigger", he takes vigorous exception to being called a "scab". Kenehan then explains to the local miners that accepting the blacks and the Italian miners is what the union is all about. If all the men are united and refuse to work, the company will not be able to operate, he says. Kenehan and the local leader, Sephus, then go around to meet the rest of the black miners as well as the contingent of Italians and try to bring them into the union, and are met with reluctance. But later, caught between the company\'s guns and the local miners, the blacks and the Italians throw down their coal shovels and take up the union cause. C. E. Lively, an agent provocateur for the coal company who has infiltrated the union, tries to goad the miners towards violence, which Kenehan says will only weaken their cause. The infiltrator also pens a note to the Baldwin–Felts Detective Agency, which provides armed agents as strike breakers to the coal company, saying there is a "Red" organizer in town. The next day, two Baldwin–Felts men, Hickey and Griggs, show up in town and take up residence at the Radnor boarding house. Danny at first refuses to give rooms to Hickey and Griggs, but Kenehan voluntarily moves to the hotel, freeing up a room for the two men and averting trouble for Mrs. Radnor. Hicky and Griggs then start their campaign against the union by forcibly evicting miners from company-owned houses in town. Mayor Testerman and Police Chief Sid Hatfield refuse to let them be evicted without eviction writs from Charleston. Hatfield deputizes all the men in town and tells them to go home and come back with their guns. The Baldwin–Felts men then turn their attention on the strikers\' camp outside town, where the miners and their families are living in tents. At night, the armed strikebreakers fire shots into the camp, injuring some strikers. The next day, they enter the camp to demand that all food and clothing purchased at the company store with scrip be turned over to them. But then some armed foothill people, whose land was taken by the coal company, enter the camp. Expressing disdain for the noise caused by the gunmen\'s automobile the night before, their presence and sympathy for the miners compels the Baldwin–Felts men to leave empty handed. One of the hill people was carrying a caplock rifle and when asked mockingly by a departing Baldwin–Felts agent if it was a relic from the Spanish–American War, he replied, "Nope, War Between the States". The slow arrival of the union\'s thinly stretched strike funds tests the patience of Danny and other miners who become disillusioned and turn to violence in spite of Kenehan\'s warnings. The miners are involved in a night-time shootout with the agents and Sephus is wounded. He is rescued by some hill people but not before he recognizes Lively as the infiltrator. Lively tries to drive a wedge between Kenehan and the miners by convincing a young widow, Bridey Mae Tolliver, to falsely accuse Kenehan of sexual assault, and he plants a letter which makes Kenehan appear to be the infiltrator. Danny Radnor overhears Hickey and Griggs talking about the scheme but is caught and held by the two men. The agents intend to keep a watchful eye on Danny, but become drunk and are not paying attention that night when Danny, while preaching at the Freewill church, relates a parable about Joseph that convinces the miners that they have been deceived by a false story. One of the miners hurries to find Few Clothes at the camp, who had drawn the short straw of who would kill Kenehan for his assumed treachery. Few Clothes tells Kenehan he is there to guard him when he comments on the gun the black miner has. Asked whether he knows how to use it, Few Clothes says yes, that he was in the Spanish–American War of 1898. Kenehan tells him that he was in Fort Leavenworth Military Penitentiary in 1917, and saw Mennonites imprisoned for refusing to bear arms passively resist having their beards shaved and rip the buttons off their prison clothes, since all these were against their religion. They were punished by being handcuffed to cell bars for eight hours per day, until the cuffs had cut into their wrists and caused gangrene. Despite it all, they ripped off re-sewn buttons with their teeth, not one giving up. Kenehan says he never saw braver men, and ironically they were in there for refusing to fight. This tale of bravery and injustice leaves Few Clothes conflicted and unsure about his mission to execute Kenehan. Another miner arrives and tells Few Clothes the truth and Kenehan\'s execution is called off just in time. Meanwhile, Sephus has made his way back to town and informed the others of Lively\'s betrayal, furiously burning down his restaurant. Lively flees town by swimming across the Tug Fork River. Later, Hillard Elkins, a young man and a friend of Danny\'s is kidnapped by the Baldwin–Felts agents. Elkins is tortured and promised freedom if he gives up the names of five union miners. After Elkins gives five names, one of the agents kills him anyway. Lively has rejoined the Baldwin–Felts agents and he recognizes the names as those of men who had died in a mine fire years earlier. The situation between the Baldwin–Felts men and Chief Hatfield reaches critical mass with the arrival of reinforcements with orders to carry out the evictions. The mayor tries to negotiate as Kenehan comes running to try and stop the fight. The sudden movement sets off a climactic gunfight between the exposed mercenaries and the armed townspeople firing from barricades and rooftops. Hatfield shoots two men and survives the battle, but Kenehan is killed and the mayor is shot in the stomach. Griggs is brought down, while Hickey escapes to Radnor\'s boarding house, where, he is shot and killed by Mrs. Radnor. Seven Baldwin–Felts men and two townspeople are ultimately killed. In the epilogue, the narrator , recounted that Mayor Testerman succumbed to his wounds and the mayor\'s wife married Sid Hatfield. But, Chief Hatfield was later gunned down in broad daylight on the steps of the McDowell County Courthouse in Welch, with Lively stepping up to deliver the coup de grâce.'] ['Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. stars as Charles "Chick" Miller, a hobo released that day from jail along with fellow drifter "Scrap Iron" Scratch . Through a series of chance encounters with travelers in a large train station, he becomes, in his own words, a "Gentleman for a Day" . He picks up Ruth Collins , a broke and out-of-work chorus girl, desperate to raise the train fare to Salt Lake City, where a job is waiting for her. She confides she is worried about being followed by Dr. Bernardi , a fellow resident of her cheap boarding house. He paid her to read to him in the evenings material she found disgusting. Meanwhile, masquerading as a German musician, Bushy Sloan  checks in a violin case full of counterfeit money. Soon after, a pickpocket steals his wallet, containing his claim check. When the thief throws the wallet away after taking the cash, Scrap Iron finds the claim check inside. Chick, who has "acquired" respectable clothing, then claims the violin case and discovers what it contains. He hides it in a coal scuttle and has his buddy stand guard, while he ponders what to do. Chick gives Ruth some of the money to buy clothes. While Chick is away, Dr. Bernardi sends Ruth a train ticket and a message to meet him in the compartment. Believing the ticket is from Chick, Ruth goes there. When she finds Bernardi instead, she begins screaming. Chick breaks through the locked door, but Bernardi escapes through a window. However, in his haste, he is knocked down and killed by a passing train. The suspicious dress shop clerk  takes the counterfeit money to the station manager. Both Ruth and Chick are taken into custody by government agent Kendall . Kendall has been alerted that Bushy may be at the station, but has no description of the counterfeiter. He believes that Ruth either is Bushy or is connected to him. To clear her, Chick goes to get the violin case, accompanied by agent Jim Parker . However, Bushy follows them, shoots Parker and flees with the case. Chick chases him down. All is eventually cleared up, and Ruth has a bittersweet parting from Chick, as she leaves on the train.'] ["The film tells the story of Nick Rinaldi , who has spent his life in one New Jersey city, getting a free ride from his well-connected father  and hearing the locals talk of his brother's death in Vietnam. He's usually high on drink and drugs. As Rinaldi searches for more self-control, he quits the contractor's job provided by his father, feeling that major events are about to happen in his life. By the film's end his life will change, as will the lives of many others."] ["Dr. Ralph Wyman  and his wife, Marian , meet another couple, Stuart and Claire Kane  at a concert and make a spontaneous Sunday dinner date, but both marriages show their cracks over the weekend. While Ralph and Marian Wyman avoid a taboo topic that is undermining their marriage, Stuart goes on a fishing trip with some buddies  and they discover a dead body in the water. Upon his return, Claire is horrified to discover that Stuart and his buddies left the girl in the water until the end of the weekend so they could continue fishing. Meanwhile, waitress Doreen Piggot , whose husband Earl  is a verbally abusive alcoholic, accidentally hits young Casey Finnigan  with her car. When the little boy walks away from the accident, she assumes he is all right, but never learns of the fatal consequences, or the harassment his parents, Howard  and Ann Finnigan , must face from the local baker  who is livid because Casey's birthday cake was never picked up. Howard's estranged father, Paul Finnigan  drops by the hospital after a 20-year absence and relates the story of his own infidelity. Doreen's daughter, Honey , is married to Bill Bush , a man aroused by sadism. Their party buddies, Lois  and Jerry Kaiser , face marital problems of their own, as Lois earns her living as a phone-sex operator, leaving Jerry  with a wife whose attitude toward sex is indifferent at best. Gene Shepard  is a corrupt cop who cheats on his wife, Sherri , and seems oblivious to the fact that his wife long ago had discovered his secret—and just does not care. Gene's mistress is realtor Betty Weathers , and Sherri's ultimate confidante is Marian, her sister. These stories are woven together with musical bridges performed by Zoe , a depressed cellist, and her embittered, jazz singer mother, Tess , who live next to the Finnigans."] ['Sean, a runner for a drug gang, has checked into room 303 at the seedy, rundown Heaven Hotel in Bangkok, to await arrival of a package of heroin. Another guest is Rosa, psychologist who is researching slum children, on the floor below . In the next room, 203, is Lita, a female assassin who is waiting to intercept the package Sean is waiting for. Tying them all together, is the 13-year-old bellboy, Wit, a streetwise, light-fingered kid.'] ["Olivia  is a single, cash-strapped woman working as a maid in Los Angeles in order to make ends meet. She is surrounded by a support network of well-off friends consisting of Franny  - a stay at home mom with a large trust fund; Christine  - a successful television writer; Jane  - a fashion designer; and their respective husbands. While the disparity in financial situations between Olivia and her friends creates some friction, each woman is facing her own individual struggles. Olivia can't seem to find love or money and resorts to questionable tactics to satisfy both. Franny's inheritance sometimes causes tension between her and her accountant husband, who likes to spend it. Christine's marriage is falling apart because she and her husband can't communicate effectively. Finally, Jane is becoming increasingly unpleasant to be around, possibly because of perimenopause and her husband's sexual ambiguity. Together, these women attend charity benefits, have lunch, lean on each other, and wade their way through life."] ["Waking Life is about an unnamed young man living an ethereal existence that lacks transitions between everyday events and that eventually progresses to a state of self-reflective lucidity. For most of the film he observes quietly but later participates actively in philosophical discussions involving other characters—ranging from quirky scholars and artists to everyday restaurant-goers and friends—about such issues as metaphysics, free will, social philosophy, and the meaning of life. Other scenes do not even include the protagonist's presence, but rather, show an isolated person or couple speaking about such topics from a disembodied perspective. Along the way, the film touches also upon existentialism, situationist politics, posthumanity, the film theory of André Bazin, and lucid dreaming, and makes references to various celebrated intellectual and literary figures by name. Gradually, the protagonist realizes that he is living out a perpetual dream, broken up only by occasional false awakenings. So far he is mostly a passive onlooker, though this changes during a chat with a woman. After she eccentrically greets and shares her creative ideas with him, he reminds himself of his recent realization and of the fact that she must, therefore, be a figment of his own dreaming imagination. Afterwards, he starts to converse more openly with other dream characters as well; however, he ultimately begins to despair about being utterly trapped in this unending, irresolvable state of existence. The protagonist's final talk is with a character who looks somewhat similar to the protagonist himself and whom he briefly encountered previously, earlier on in the film. This last conversation reveals this other character's understanding that reality may be only a single instant that the individual interprets falsely as time ; that living is simply the individual's constant negation of God's invitation to become one with the universe; that dreams offer a glimpse into the infinite nature of reality; and that in order to be free from the illusion called life, the individual need only to accept God's invitation, though he does not explicitly explain how this is achieved. The protagonist is last seen walking into a driveway when he suddenly begins to levitate, paralleling a scene at the start of the film of a floating child in the same driveway. Unlike the child who grabbed firmly onto the handle of a nearby car, however, the protagonist uncertainly reaches toward the same handle but is too swiftly lifted above the vehicle and over the trees. He now rises into the endless blue expanse of the sky until he disappears from view altogether."] ['The film revolves around four friends and their relationships with women. Set to the background of upscale Manhattan bars, lofts and apartments, the guys engage in sharp banter and one-upsmanship. The characters, Mark, a therapist ; Runyon, a playwright ; Josh, a playboy  and Phil, a plumber , try  to sort out their troubled love-lives. Mark and his girlfriend  are hung up over moving in together; Runyon is hung up over his old girlfriend Kathryn , who has moved to Los Angeles; the womanizing Josh is hung up on Phil\'s sister, Gina , who has an abusive husband; Phil, who is married with children, finds himself hung up on an English interior designer . The characters in the film spend much of their time trying to decipher the word "pompatus," wondering whether they are mis-hearing the lyrics: "Prophetess"? "Impetus"? "Profitless"? "Impotence"? "Pompous Ass"? Pom-pom tits?'] ['As the opening credits roll, an armored truck brings money to load an ATM. A woman withdraws $20 but fails to put it in her pocket properly, and the bill slips away. It gets run over by a truck, while a homeless woman, Angeline , and several children independently chase after the bill. The woman grabs the bill and reads the serial number, proclaiming that it is her destiny to win the lottery with the numbers on the bill. As she holds the bill aloft in celebration, one of the boys grabs the bill from her on skateboard and uses it to buy an item at a bakery. The baker sells an expensive pair of figurines for a wedding cake to Jack Holiday  for a few hundred dollars and gives him the bill as change. At the rehearsal dinner for the upcoming wedding of Sam Mastrewski  to Anna Holiday , Jack reminisces about exchanging his foreign money for American currency when he first came to America, and he presents Sam with the $20 bill as a wedding present. Sam is taken aback by the perceived cheapness of his father-in-law-to-be, but before he is able to say anything about it to anyone, he is "kidnapped" for his bachelor party. Sam uses the bill to pay the stripper  at his bachelor party. Anna shows up at the party to explain that the $20 is not the entire present and to suggest that they should frame the bill to show that they understand its significance. Sam is unable to explain the absence of the bill, when the stripper comes in from the fire escape to offer it back to him. Anna apparently breaks the engagement. The stripper uses the $20 bill to buy a herbal remedy from Mrs. McCormac . Mrs. McCormac mails the bill to her grandson Patrick  as a birthday present. Patrick goes to a convenience store where Frank  and Jimmy  are engaged in a string of robberies.  Not knowing he\'s a robber, the underage Patrick gives Jimmy the $20 bill to buy him white wine. Jimmy goes into the store to find that Frank has botched the robbery. Jimmy and Frank leave, giving Patrick and his girlfriend Peggy champagne. The police chase the robbers, who pull into a deserted used car lot and blend in. After the police pass by, Jimmy and Frank split up the money, but when Frank sees the $20 Jimmy got from the kid, he assumes that Jimmy is holding out on him. Jimmy tries to explain but Frank pulls a shotgun on him. Jimmy shoots Frank and takes all the money they\'ve stolen, but leaves the $20 bill. The bill, now dripped with Frank\'s blood, winds up in the police evidence locker but falls into the wrong box. Waitress and aspiring writer Emily Adams  shows up at the police precinct with boyfriend Neil  to claim some items the police recovered. The policeman  unwittingly includes the $20 bill. After flying out of the box from the back seat of Emily\'s convertible, the bill floats around town, and is picked up by a homeless man who uses it to buy groceries.  The bill is given as change to a wealthy woman who uses it to snort cocaine off the back of her stretch limousine, although she leaves it on her car, where it is picked up by the drug dealer . The drug dealer also runs a day camp for youth, and he puts the bill into a fish where it is caught by a teen who has it converted to quarters and uses them to call a phone sex hotline in a bowling alley. The bowling alley owner  gives the bill to his lover  and tells him to go out and have fun. The Frewer character encounters Sam, who is loitering in a daze behind the bowling alley. Sam turns down an offer of the $20 bill, not knowing it is the cause of his downfall. The Frewer character then uses it to play bingo at a church, where the priest is portrayed by Spaulding Gray. Emily\'s father, Bruce  also plays bingo and receives the bill as change. When the Frewer character calls bingo, Bruce is apparently startled and dies of a heart attack. At the mortuary, the mortician , gives the family Bruce\'s personal effects, including his wallet with the $20 bill. Emily eventually looks in the wallet and finds the $20 bill in the wallet together with a copy of her first published short story. Her mother Ruth  explains that Bruce also wanted to be a writer. Emily decides to go to Europe. At the airport, she explains her decision to her brother Gary , and she melodramatically rips up the bill in front of him.  Sam is also at the airport, waiting for a flight to Europe. Sam uses a piece of the ripped up bill as a bookmark but it falls out without his noticing it as Sam and Emily walk toward their gate. A title reading "The End" is derailed by Angeline collecting pieces of the bill. Angeline sits down at a coin-operated TV and patches the bill back together. Just then the lottery numbers are read, and to her agony, they match the serial number of the bill. She goes to a bank and inquires if the bill is still any good. The teller explains that if there\'s more than 51% of the bill left, it is still valid, and hands Angeline a crisp new $20 bill. The homeless woman dramatically reads the serial number of the new bill and leaves the bank. A running gag in the film is Emily, a writer, being unable to find her pen.'] ["The film focuses on six women in Los Angeles as their lives become intertwined in the course of 24 hours. Porn star Elektra Luxx  discovers she is pregnant. Leaving her doctor's office, she gets stuck in an elevator with Doris , sister to Addy . Addy has recently started taking her daughter, Charlotte, to see her therapist, Maxine  . Upon finding out about her husband's secret during a therapy session with Charlotte, Maxine rushes out and gets into her car. While backing out, she hits Holly Rocket , adult film star. Holly and Bambi  were running to safety after a session with one of Bambi's clients is interrupted. Meanwhile, flight attendant Cora  finds herself the object of rock star Nick Chapel's  affection on a flight to his band's upcoming show."] ['The Miami Sharks, a once-great American football team, are now in turmoil and struggling to make the AFFA  playoffs in the  year of 2001; the film was released in 1999.  They are coached by thirty-year veteran Tony D\'Amato . During the first game shown, which is the thirteenth game of the season, both the starting quarterback Jack "Cap" Rooney  and the second-string quarterback Tyler Cherubini are injured and forced to leave the game due to poor offensive line play in blitz pickup.  The ailing and increasingly desperate Sharks are forced to call upon third-string quarterback and former seventh-round draft pick Willie Beamen . Beamen is visibly nervous and makes a number of errors illustrating his lack of knowledge regarding the team\'s playbook. During one play he lines up under the guard instead of the center and, later in the game, he audibles to a play which does not exist. He vomits in the huddle, which begins a ritual that he follows every game, reminiscent of Hall of Fame Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino. While the Sharks lose this game by a small margin, Beamen, despite his initial struggles, plays well and gains confidence. During the next game Beamen begins to get comfortable with the game and quickly learns the offense. Much to D\'Amato\'s chagrin, he dislikes the Sharks\' conservative offense. Beaman begins to change the plays in the huddle, not realizing the disrespect this shows to his coaches. Beamen displays his raw athletic talent and starts to run and pass extremely successfully and leads the sharks to the playoffs after winning three of the last four games of the season, bringing the Sharks to 9-7 on the year. Beaman\'s new found success results in a growing narcissism and arrogance. He becomes "Steamin\'" Willie Beamen, the new poster boy for the AFFA, and receives numerous lucrative advertisement deals, including a music video. His new-found success, and inability to handle it, leads to tension within the Sharks locker room and the front office. D\'Amato confronts Beamen to ask why he has been changing the plays, to which Beaman responds selfishly. After displaying to D\'Amato that Beamen is not capable of leading the team, D\'Amato tells Beamen that it is likely that \'Cap\' Rooney will probably be fit and available for the playoffs, demoting Beamen back to the bench. Beaman fails to understand the team concept as he is filled with self-pity about how his career has been until he got a chance to play. A rift forms between Beaman and D\'Amato after D\'Amato tells him just how far he still has to go to fulfill his potential and lead the team. After learning of his demotion he alienates the rest of the team, to the point that he gets his car sawed in half at a party, and the Sharks are blown out at home in a game that could have given the Sharks home field advantage in the playoffs. Beaman contemplates and amends his selfish behavior. In the final game shown, Miami manages a come-from-behind win in the final seconds against the Dallas Knights, winning the first round of the playoffs. The final game sees Cap return to start as quarterback and he plays strongly until being injured by a hit. His replacement, Beaman, apologizes for his actions to the team in the huddle on the game-winning drive. Off-screen, Miami beats Minnesota for their conference championship and then loses to San Francisco in the Pantheon Cup Championship 32-13 . At D\'Amato\'s final press conference as head coach, all feuds have been resolved or at least put on hold and he leaves on a positive note, being thanked by owner Christina Pagniacci  and the media for his contributions to the team. D\'Amato is then expected to announce his retirement, but then drops a bombshell and announces that he has been hired as Head Coach and General Manager of an expansion team, the Albuquerque Aztecs. He adds that he signed Willie Beamen as his starting quarterback and franchise player, after the Sharks refused to extend Beamen\'s expiring contract mid-season. As the scene ends, Christina and the other executives are angrily asking Crozier how he could have let Beamen finish the season without re-signing him to a longer contract for the Sharks.'] ['The overarching plot takes place over five days leading up to a political rally for Replacement Party candidate Hal Phillip Walker, who is never seen throughout the entire movie. The story follows 25 characters roaming around Nashville, in search of some sort of goal through their own  story arcs. Day One The film opens with a campaign van for presidential candidate Hal Phillip Walker driving around Nashville as an external loudspeaker blares Walker\'s folksy political aphorisms, juxtaposed with country superstar Haven Hamilton  recording an overblown patriotic song intended to commemorate the upcoming Bicentennial, and growing irritated with the accompanying musicians in the studio. An Englishwoman named Opal  who claims to be working on a documentary for the BBC appears in the studio but is told to leave by Haven. Down the hall from Haven\'s session is Linnea Reese , a white gospel singer recording a song with a black choir. Later that day, popular country singer Barbara Jean  is returning to Nashville, having recovered from a burn accident, and the elite of Nashville\'s music scene - including Haven Hamilton and his companion Lady Pearl  have converged on Berry Field to greet her plane as it arrives. Also present are Pfc. Glenn Kelly  and the popular folk trio "Bill, Mary, and Tom" who are in town to record an album. Bill  and Mary  are married, but largely unhappy, partly due to the fact that she is in love with womanizer Tom . Meanwhile, Mr. Green  arrives at the airport to pick up his niece Martha , aka "L.A. Joan", a teenage groupie who has come to Nashville ostensibly to visit her aunt Esther Green who is sick in the hospital. However, Martha repeatedly puts off visiting her aunt in favor of chasing after male musicians. Working at the airport restaurant are African-American cook Wade Cooley , and his pretty waitress friend, Sueleen Gay , an aspiring country singer who refuses to recognize that she can\'t carry a tune. After greeting the crowds on the tarmac, Barbara Jean faints due to the heat, and her handlers, headed by her domineering husband-manager Barnett , rush her to the hospital. Barbara Jean\'s appearance having been cut short, those in attendance depart the airport and wind up stranded on the highway after a pile-up occurs. During the commotion, Winifred ([[Barbara Harris , an aspiring country singer, runs away from her husband, Star , after he refuses to take her to the Grand Ole Opry. Star gives a ride to Kenny Frasier , who has just arrived in town carrying a violin case. Opal takes advantage of the traffic jam to interview first Linnea and then Tommy Brown , an African-American country singer who is performing at the Opry. Tommy and his entourage go to Lady Pearl\'s club but Wade, who is drinking and trying to pick up white girls at the bar, insults Tommy for being too "white" and starts a fight. Linnea\'s husband Del Reese  is working with political organizer John Triplette ([[Michael Murphy  to plan a small fundraiser and a large outdoor concert gala for the Walker campaign. Sueleen appears at a local club\'s open mike night in a provocative outfit, and despite her lack of singing ability, club manager Trout  recommends her to Triplette for the fundraiser based on her appearance. Winifred shows up at Trout\'s club trying to recruit musicians to record a demo with her, but Star sees her and chases her out. Del invites Triplette for family dinner with Linnea and their two deaf children. Linnea and Del are having communications problems and she focuses on the children rather than on him. In the middle of dinner, Tom calls trying to make a date with Linnea, but she puts him off, so he takes Opal back to his room instead. Pfc. Kelly sneaks into Barbara Jean\'s hospital room and sits in the chair by her bed all night, watching her sleep. Day Two Tom calls Linnea again but, with Del listening on the other line, Linnea yells at Tom and tells him not to call her any more. Kenny rents a room from Mr. Green. Haven Hamilton throws a pre-show party at his house before the evening\'s Grand Ole Opry performance. At the party, Triplette tries to persuade Haven to perform at the Walker gala by telling him that if Walker is elected, Walker would back Haven for state governor. Haven says he\'ll give Triplette his decision after the Opry show that night. Later, Tommy Brown, Haven, and Connie White  all perform at the Opry. Connie is substituting for the hospitalized Barbara Jean. Winifred tries unsuccessfully to get backstage. At the hospital, Barbara Jean and Barnett have an argument because he is going to the after-show gathering to thank Connie for substituting at the last minute. Barbara Jean doesn\'t want him to go and he accuses her of having another nervous breakdown like she did previously. Barnett finally subdues Barbara Jean and leaves, but Connie doesn\'t seem happy to see him. Haven tells Triplette that Barbara Jean and Connie never appear on the same stage, and that he  will appear anyplace Barbara Jean also appears. Bill gets upset when his wife Mary doesn\'t show up all evening; she is sleeping with Tom. Day Three It is Sunday morning and the characters are shown attending various Catholic and Protestant church services. At the hospital chapel, Barbara Jean sings a hymn from her wheelchair while Mr. Green and Pfc. Kelly, among others, watch. Mr. Green tells Kelly how he and his wife lost their son in WWII. Opal wanders alone through a huge auto scrapyard making free-form poetic speeches about the cars into her tape recorder. Haven, Tommy Brown and their families attend the stock car races, where Winifred also attempts to sing on a small stage but cannot be heard. Bill and Mary argue in their hotel room and are interrupted by Triplette, who wants to recruit them for the Walker concert gala. Tom tries to get chauffeur Norman  to score him some pills. Day Four Opal walks alone through a large school bus parking lot making more strange observations into her tape recorder. Barbara Jean is discharged from the hospital at the same time Mr. Green shows up to visit his sick wife. Barbara Jean asks after his wife and sends her regards. After Barbara Jean and her entourage have left, a nurse tells Mr. Green his wife died earlier that morning. Back at Mr. Green\'s house, Kenny gets upset when Martha tries to look at his violin case. Barbara Jean performs at Opryland USA. Triplette and Del attend and try to convince Barnett to have Barbara Jean play the Walker concert gala at the Parthenon the next day, but he refuses. Barbara Jean gets through the first couple of songs all right, but then begins to tell rambling stories about her childhood instead of starting the next song. After several false starts, Barnett escorts her from the stage and tells the disappointed audience that they can come to the Parthenon tomorrow and see Barbara Jean perform for free, thus committing her to the Walker concert. Tom calls Linnea and invites her to meet him that night at a club where he is playing. Linnea arrives but sits by herself because Martha is trying to pick Tom up. Mary and Bill are also there, and Opal sits with them and talks about how she slept with Tom, causing Mary to become upset. Wade tries unsuccessfully to pick up Linnea, while Norman tries equally unsuccessfully to pick up Opal. Tom sings "I\'m Easy" and Linnea, moved, goes back to his room where they make love. When Linnea needs to leave, Tom calls another woman and has a romantic conversation within Linnea\'s earshot while she is getting dressed to go home. Sueleen appears at the all-male Walker fundraiser, but is booed off the stage when she sings poorly and doesn\'t take off her clothes. Del and Triplette explain that the men expect her to strip and that if she does so, they will let her sing the next day at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Sueleen is visibly upset but strips anyway. Winifred shows up at the fundraiser hoping to get a chance to sing, but after she sees what is going on, she stays hidden behind a curtain. Del drives Sueleen home and drunkenly comes on to her, but she is rescued by Wade. After he hears what happened, Wade tells Sueleen she can\'t sing and asks her to go back to Detroit with him the next day. Sueleen refuses because she is determined to sing at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Day Five The performers, audience and Walker and his entourage arrive for the Parthenon concert. In the performing lineup are Haven, Barbara Jean, Linnea and her choir, Bill, Mary and Tom, Sueleen, and Winifred who has shown up again hoping for a chance to sing. Barnett gets upset because Barbara Jean will have to perform in front of a large Walker advertisement, but has to go along with it because his wife\'s career will be harmed if he pulls her out of the show. Mr. Green and Kenny attend Esther Green\'s burial service and Mr. Green leaves angrily, vowing to find Martha  and make her show some respect to her aunt. Mr. Green and Kenny go to the Parthenon to look for Martha. The Walker gala starts and Haven and Barbara Jean perform a song together, then Barbara Jean sings a solo song. At the end of the song, Kenny takes a gun from his violin case and shoots Haven and Barbara Jean. Pfc. Kelly disarms Kenny as chaos breaks out. Barbara Jean is carried bleeding and unconscious from the stage. Haven tries to calm the crowd by exhorting them to sing. As he is led from the stage for treatment of his wounds, he hands the microphone off to Winifred, who begins to sing "It Don\'t Worry Me" and is joined by Linnea\'s gospel choir. The film ends with the audience raptly listening to Winifred\'s song - she has finally gotten her big break.'] ["There is no central plot, but some of the vignettes connect loosely. All the stories show the essential humanity of the characters and address themes of life, existence and happiness. The film makes repeated use of distinctive cinematic techniques. One of these is dreams and how they reflect the fears, feelings and desires of the characters. Another is the use of music, in conjunction with dialogues and editing, both as a track and performed on camera. The film starts with a monologue, which ends up being sung to Dixieland jazz music being played by lone musicians, each in a different room in a different part of the city. The stories in the film include: * An overweight woman  laments her life while being completely self-absorbed. Her equally overweight boyfriend  tries to comfort her and invites her to dinner. The woman later rejects an admirer in a trenchcoat  who tries to give her a bouquet of flowers. * A carpenter  has a dream in which he is condemned and executed for breaking a 200-year-old china set while trying to perform the tablecloth trick. * A pickpocket  steals the wallet of a high roller  at a fine restaurant before he has paid the bill. * A psychiatrist  has lost faith in people's ability to be happy because of their selfishness. Nowadays he only prescribes pills. * A business consultant  gets his hair butchered by an upset barber  before attending a meeting where the CEO  dies of a heart attack. * A sousaphone player  makes money by playing in funerals, including the one of the CEO. * A girl  finds her musical idol, Micke Larsson , in a tavern. He invites her and her friend for a drink, but afterwards he ditches her by giving her wrong directions to a band rehearsal. Later, she tells a diner full of people a dream she had about marrying him. In the dream, their apartment building slowly drifts down a street while people outside cheer for the happy couple. * A husband and wife  have a fight and they both linger on it, causing them to get into trouble at work. The film ends with a montage of different characters who suddenly stop in the middle of everyday chores to look up into the sky. Dixieland music is once again played as the camera is put on the wing of an airplane. A large formation of B-52 bomber planes appears in front of the camera as they fly menacingly in over a large city."] ['It is May 28, 1976, the last day of school at Lee High School in the suburbs of Austin, Texas. The next year\'s group of seniors are preparing for the annual hazing of incoming freshmen. Randall "Pink" Floyd, the school\'s star football player, is asked to sign a pledge promising not to take drugs during the summer or do anything that would "jeopardize the goal of a championship season". When classes end, the incoming freshman boys are hunted down by the seniors and paddled. The incoming freshman girls are also hazed; they are rounded up in the school parking lot by senior girls, covered in mustard, ketchup, flour and raw eggs, and forced to propose to senior boys. Freshman Mitch Kramer escapes the hazing with his best friend Carl Burnett when Carl\'s mom pulls a shotgun on flunking-thus-repeating senior Fred O\'Bannion, but he is later cornered at his baseball game, and violently paddled. O\'Bannion, a senior participating in the hazing tradition for a second year after failing to graduate, delights in punishing Mitch. Pink gives the injured Mitch a ride home and offers to take him cruising with friends that night. Plans for the evening are ruined when Kevin Pickford\'s parents discover he planned to host a keg party. Elsewhere, the intellectual trio of Cynthia Dunn, Tony Olson and Mike Newhouse decide to participate in the evening\'s activities. Pink and his friend David Wooderson, a young adult who still socializes with high school students, pick up Mitch and head for the Emporium, a pool hall popular frequented by teenagers. As the evening progresses, students loiter around the Emporium, listen to rock music, cruise the neighborhood and stop at the hamburger drive-in. Mitch is introduced to sophomore Julie Simms, with whom he shares a mutual attraction. While cruising again with Pink, Kevin, and Don Dawson, Mitch drinks beer and smokes marijuana for the first time. They play mailbox baseball, but a neighborhood resident brandishing a gun threatens to call the police. They barely escape after the resident fires at their car. After returning to the Emporium, Mitch runs into his middle school friends. They hatch a plan to get revenge on O\'Bannion. The plan culminates with them dumping paint on O\'Bannion and him leaving in a fit of rage. After the Emporium closes, an impromptu keg party is planned in a field under a moonlight tower. Cynthia, Tony and Mike arrive at their first keg party. Mike is threatened by tough guy Clint Bruno. Tony runs into freshman Sabrina Davis, whom he met earlier during the hazing. They begin hanging out together. Cynthia likes Wooderson and exchanges phone numbers with him. Mike, suffering from the humiliation of his confrontation with Clint, decides to make a stand, punches him, and gets tackled. The fight is broken up by Pink and Wooderson. Football player Benny O\'Donnell confronts Pink about his refusal to sign the pledge. Pink, the only player not to have signed, believes it violates his individuality and beliefs. Mitch leaves the keg party with Julie. They drive to a nearby hill overlooking town to make out. Tony gives Sabrina a ride home and they kiss good night. As night turns to dawn, Pink, Wooderson, Don, and several friends including Ron Slater and Simone Kerr decide to smoke marijuana on the 50-yard line of the football field. The police arrive, so they ditch the drugs. Recognizing Pink, the police call football Coach Conrad. Conrad lectures Pink about hanging out with "losers" and insists that he sign the pledge. Pink says that he might play football, but he is not going to sign the pledge. Pink leaves with his friends to get tickets to an Aerosmith concert. Mitch arrives home after sunrise to find his mother has waited up for him. She decides against punishment but warns him about coming home late again. Mitch goes to his bedroom, puts on headphones and listens to "Slow Ride" by Foghat as Pink, Wooderson, Ron and Simone travel down a highway to purchase their tickets.'] ["In November 1999, a group of young tourists arrive in Burkittsville, Maryland after seeing The Blair Witch Project and are inspired to film their own documentary in the exact woods where the movie was filmed. The group includes Stephen and his pregnant girlfriend, Tristen, who are researching the Blair Witch for a book they are writing; Erica, a wiccan; Kim, a goth psychic; and Jeff, their local tour guide. Their first stop, where they camp for the night, is the ruins of Rustin Parr's house. Jeff places cameras to catch any sightings that may occur. That evening another tour group approaches their camp and claims to have jurisdiction over the ruins. Jeff and his tourists lie and convince the other group that they saw something horrifying at Coffin Rock earlier. The other group leaves to investigate. Jeff and the others wake the next morning with no memory of the previous night. Tristen and Stephen's research documents are shredded and strewn about, and Jeff's cameras are destroyed. Their tapes are found unharmed in the same spot the Blair Witch Project footage was discovered. As they debate why the tapes were spared, Tristen notices that she is bleeding and has miscarried. Later, at the hospital, Tristen sees a ghostly young girl walking away backwards. After she is discharged, Jeff takes the group to his home, an abandoned broom factory in the woods. It has an elaborate security system, including a deep trench and bridge to the entrance, many surveillance cameras, and a front door that plays the sound of barking guard dogs whenever it is opened. They review their tapes and find hours of footage are missing. At one point, they see a naked woman swinging around a tree backwards. Jeff enlarges the video, revealing her to be Erica. Erica remembers no such event and runs to a nearby room to pray. Kim drives to a store to buy beer and has several unpleasant encounters with the locals, ending in a heated argument with the cashier and Kim being ordered to leave the store. Back at Jeff's, she reaches into her shopping bag and pricks herself on a nail file the cashier was using. She doesn't recall grabbing it and it has blood on it. Erica goes missing the next morning. She isn't indoors but nobody heard the front door. Kim discovers Erica's clothes surrounded by a circle of lit candles. Shortly after, the sheriff calls to say that the other tour group was found gutted and laid out in the shape of a pentagram on Coffin Rock, and that he believes Jeff is responsible. That night Stephen sees Erica through a window, naked and swinging backwards around a tree just as in their tapes. He runs outside, where she tells him he knows what he must do. She runs off and the bridge collapses under him. He avoids falling by grabbing a ledge, and while climbing he sees the same girl Tristen did in the hospital. She repeats Erica's statement before vanishing. The sheriff calls again and tells Jeff he's outside and has some questions. Jeff doesn't understand since the bridge is out, but a security monitor shows it is now intact. He opens the front door, but the bridge is once again broken and the sheriff isn't there. Instead, across the chasm there is a pack of barking dogs. He grabs a rifle but the dogs are gone. When he returns the gun to the closet, he finds Erica's corpse inside. The group sits in the loft trying to make sense of the situation. Tristen suggests everything is backwards. They are confused, but Kim tells Jeff to play the tapes in reverse to view the lost footage. This works, and the new footage shows Tristen leading them in an orgy and the ritualistic murder of the other tour group. Once the video ends, Jeff begins taping Tristen and demands a confession. She asks Stephen for help, but he turns on her and claims that she deliberately killed their baby. Tristen ties a rope around her own neck while deriding the others for letting fear drive them to a witch hunt. She focuses especially on Stephen, who pushes her over a railing in a moment of rage, causing her to hang by her neck and die. The group is arrested and interrogated separately. In Kim's room, they play security footage from the store of her stabbing the cashier in the neck with the nail file. In Jeff's video, he arranges Erica's clothes and stows her body in the closet. In Stephen's video, they show him lynching Tristen and cursing her as a witch. All three claim they never did those things."] ['The film opens with a documentary-like scene in which white and black students argue about an impending student strike. Mark  says he is "willing to die, but not of boredom" for the cause, which draws criticism from the young white radicals. Following a mass arrest at the campus protest, Mark visits a police station hoping to bail his roommate out of jail. He is told to wait but goes to the lock-up area, asks further about bail for his roommate, is rebuffed, calls out to the arrested students and faculty and is arrested himself. He gives his name as Karl Marx, which a duty officer types as "Carl Marx." After he is released from jail, Mark and another friend buy firearms from a Los Angeles gun shop, saying they need them for "self defense" to "protect our women." In a downtown Los Angeles office building, successful real estate executive Lee Allen  reviews a television commercial for Sunny Dunes, a new resort-like real estate development in the desert. Instead of actors or models, the slickly produced commercial features casually dressed, smiling mannequins. In the next scene Allen talks with his associate  about the greater Los Angeles area\'s very rapid growth as the two drive through crowded streets. Mark goes to a bloody campus confrontation between students and police. Some students are tear-gassed and at least one is shot. Mark reaches for a gun in his boot and a Los Angeles policeman is seen being fatally shot, although it is unclear by whom.<ref name9E04E2DB1F3FE034BC4852DFB466838B669EDE Screen: Antonioni\'s \'Zabriskie Point\'], The New York Times, 10 February 1970, retrieved 2 February 2010 Mark flees the campus and rides a city bus to suburban Hawthorne where, after failing to buy a sandwich on credit from a local blue collar delicatessen, he walks to Hawthorne Municipal Airport, steals a small plane and flies into the desert. Meanwhile Daria , "a sweet, pot-smoking post-teenybopper of decent inclinations,"moviecrazed.com, Out of the past, retrieved 2 February 2010 Later a California highway patrolman suspiciously questions Daria. Hidden behind a portable toilet meant for tourists, Mark takes aim and almost shoots the policeman but Daria stands between the two of them to block this, apparently saving the policeman\'s life before he drives away. Mark tells Daria the gun is unloaded, then shallowly buries it. Getting back to the stolen plane, they paint it with politically charged slogans and psychedelic colors. Daria pleads with Mark to travel with her and leave the plane, but Mark is intent on returning and taking the risks that it involves. He flies back to Los Angeles and lands the plane at the airport in Hawthorne; however, the police  are waiting for him. Patrol cars chase the plane down the runway. Rather than stopping, Mark tries to turn the taxiing plane around across the grass and is shot to death by one of the policemen. Daria soon learns about Mark\'s death on the car radio and drives to her boss Lee\'s lavish desert home, "a desert Berchtesgaden"'] ['Among the characters are a mature couple about to renew their vows ; a woman  who accepts a date offer from a stranger ; a gay man dying of AIDS  and his mother  who has struggled to accept him; two clubbers who meet in a nightclub ; a couple having an affair  and a man  who tells his tragic life story to a woman he meets in a bar , but seems to have a strange connection to another mysterious woman. As the film continues and the stories evolve, the connections between the characters become evident. Kellie Waymire, Nastassja Kinski, Alec Mapa, Amanda Peet and Michael Emerson also have roles in the film.'] ['The film focuses on four friends and recent college graduates living in Houston. Coffee-house guitarist Troy Dyer and budding filmmaker Lelaina Pierce are attracted to each other, although they have not acted on their feelings save for one brief, drunken encounter. Troy is floundering, having lost several minimum wage jobs – the last of which he loses early in the film for stealing a candy bar from his employer. Lelaina, on the other hand, was valedictorian of her university, and has aspirations to become a documentarian, although initially having to settle for a position as production assistant to a rude and obnoxious TV host. Lelaina meets Michael Grates when she throws a cigarette into his convertible, causing him to crash into her car. The two soon begin to date. He works at an MTV-like cable channel called "In Your Face" as an executive, and after learning about a documentary she\'s been working on, wants to get it aired on his network. Lelaina\'s roommate Vickie has a series of one-night stands and short relationships with dozens of guys; her promiscuity leads her to confront a very-real risk of contracting AIDS after a former fling tests positive for HIV. Vickie works as a sales associate for The Gap, and is later promoted to manager and seems content with her new job. Her friend Sammy Gray is gay; he remains celibate, not because of a fear of AIDS, but because forming a relationship would force him to come out to his conservative parents. After an impulsive act of retribution, Lelaina loses her job, which causes some tension with her roommates. Eventually, Vickie\'s AIDS test comes back negative and Sammy comes out to his parents  and the two manage to resume their lives. Meanwhile, Lelaina\'s relationship with Michael dissolves after he helps her sell the documentary to his network, only to let them edit it into a stylized montage that she feels compromises her artistic vision. Lelaina and Troy then sleep together and confess their love. The morning after, he avoids her and, after a messy confrontation, leaves town. After Troy\'s father dies, he forces himself to reevaluate his life, deciding to attempt a relationship with Lelaina. Troy and Lelaina reunite and make amends after Troy returns from his father\'s funeral in Chicago. While we do not see what happens to Michael, during the credits there is an abrupt break where two characters, "Laina" and "Roy," who are obvious parodies of Lelaina and Troy, have an argument about their relationship. As the "show\'s" credits roll, Michael\'s name is revealed as the producer, implying that he has turned the failed relationship into the subject of a new show on his network.'] ['Harold Cooper  is bathing his young son when his doctor wife Sarah  receives a phone call at their Richmond home and learns that their friend Alex has committed suicide, slashing his wrists in the bathtub of their guest house in South Carolina. At the funeral, Harold and Sarah are reunited with college friends from the University of Michigan in the 1960s. They include Sam , a famous television actor now living in Los Angeles; Meg , an unhappy chain smoking former public defender who is now a real estate attorney in Atlanta, who wants a child; Michael , a sex-obsessed People journalist; Nick , a Vietnam veteran and former radio host who suffers from impotence; Karen , a housewife from suburban Detroit who\'s unhappy in her marriage to her advertising executive husband Richard , an outsider. Also present is Chloe , the much-younger girlfriend of Alex at the time of his suicide. Everyone goes from the cemetery to Harold and Sarah\'s house, where they are invited to stay for the weekend. During the first night there, a bat flies into the attic while Meg and Nick are getting reacquainted. Sam later finds Nick watching television and they briefly talk about Karen. The two then go into the kitchen and find Richard, her husband, making a sandwich, and the three make small talk which turns into a discussion about responsibility and adulthood. The next morning, Harold and Nick go jogging. Harold\'s successful company sells running shoes. Harold confides that Sarah and Alex had an affair five years earlier. Nick comforts Harold by saying, "She didn\'t marry Alex." Richard returns home to look after his and Karen\'s kids, but she decides to stay for the weekend. Nick, Harold, Michael and Chloe go for a drive while Sam and Karen go shopping. Meg reveals to Sarah that she wants to have a child, and that she is going to ask Sam to be the father, knowing now that Nick can\'t. Harold listens to Michael\'s plans to buy a nightclub. Chloe takes Nick to the abandoned house that she and Alex were going to renovate; she tells him that he reminds her of Alex, to which Nick replies, "I ain\'t him." At dinner, Sarah starts tearing up over Alex as the group talks about him. Harold puts "Ain\'t Too Proud to Beg" by The Temptations on the stereo and everyone dances while cleaning up the dishes. While the others sit around and get high, Meg asks Sam to father her baby, but he declines. The next morning, Nick, Sam, and Harold go jogging, and the subject of Alex\'s suicide comes up again. Harold\'s surprise arrives &mdash; sneakers for everyone to wear during the big Michigan football game. The group, minus Nick, watches the game on TV while Sarah tells Karen about her brief affair with Alex and how it affected their friendship negatively. She is subtly warning Karen to rethink her plans to have an affair with Sam. During the game, Michael offers to father Meg\'s child, alluding to the fact that they had had sex many years ago during college. At halftime, everyone goes outside to play touch football. Nick returns with a cop following him. He said that Nick ran a red light and was belligerent but that he would drop the charges if Sam would hop into Nick\'s Porsche like his TV character, J.T. Lancer, always does. Sam\'s unsuccessful and hurts himself; the officer drops the charges anyway and apologizes to Harold. Karen later tells Sam that she loves him, wants to leave Richard and live with Sam and her two sons. When they kiss, Sam pulls away and tells Karen to not leave Richard, as she will regret it in the long run. He confesses that it was "boredom" that caused his own marriage to fracture and he doesn\'t want her to make the same mistake. Karen feels misled and angrily storms into the house. Harold is on the phone with his daughter, Molly, and lets Meg talk to her. Observing their interaction on the phone, Sarah decides to let Harold impregnate Meg, but does not tell him yet. The group once again discusses Alex. Nick says, "Alex died for most of us a long time ago," but Sam disagrees and leaves. Karen follows him and the two have sex outside. Sarah tells Harold about Meg\'s situation while Chloe and Nick go to bed together, even though he warns her of his condition. Meg and Harold then have sex – she says "I feel like I got a great break on a used car" – while Michael and Sarah joke around and interview each other with a video camera. In the morning while Karen is packing her clothes, she subtly tells Sam that she has decided to stay with Richard. At the breakfast table Harold reveals that Nick and Chloe will be staying in the guest house for a while, then Michael sarcastically states, "Sarah, Harold. We took a secret vote. We\'re not leaving. We\'re never leaving." They all laugh and "Joy to the World" plays as the credits roll.'] ["Raymond Ding, a middle-aged Chinese American college professor, and Aurora Crane, his younger Hapa  girlfriend, have just split, but continue to drift in and out of each other's lives. Unable to fully let go, Raymond visits the apartment they once shared, during the day while Aurora is away. Aurora is haunted by flashbacks of moments from their relationship. Encouraged by their best friends to move on, Raymond and Aurora each begin new relationships. Aurora dates Steve, a Caucasian man closer to her age . Raymond dates Betty, a Vietnamese American colleague, whom he soon discovers is haunted by her own past. Race and identity issues begin to surface as Raymond and Aurora try to start new lives, but remain drawn to their past."] ['The film is centered on an old world Manhattan cafe during a busy brunch shift. A number of patrons populate the cafe, with patrons at each table representing a different genre of film, such as romantic comedy and tragedy. The storylines then begin to overlap and converge as the characters eavesdrop on each other.'] ['A group of very different people live in a hotel in Los Angeles, including the romantically involved Tom Tom  and Eloise . The events that unfold are the result of the death of an important resident; the son  of a billionarie media mogul. His father commissions an FBI agent  to look into his death.'] ['A group of detectives, each accompanied by a relative or associate, is invited to "dinner and a murder" by the mysterious Lionel Twain . Having lured his guests to his mansion  managed by a blind butler and a deaf-mute cook, Twain announces that it is in fact he who is the greatest detective in the world. In order to prove his claim, he challenges the guests to solve a murder which will take place in the house at midnight that very night; a reward of $1 million will be presented to the winner. Before midnight, the butler is found dead, and at midnight Twain himself appears, also dead; the cook is discovered to have been an animated mannequin, now packed in a storage crate. The party spends the rest of the evening investigating, dining and bickering. They are manipulated by a mysterious behind-the-scenes force, confused by red herrings, baffled by the "mechanical marvel" that is Twain\'s house and ultimately find their own lives threatened. The ending piles on twist after twist as each sleuth presents his or her theory on the case. After a brutal night during which one pair is almost killed by a snake, another by a scorpion, another by a falling ceiling, a fourth by poison gas and the fifth by a bomb, they all collect in the office where the butler—believed to have been murdered earlier—is sitting behind the desk very much alive and not at all blind: "The butler did it". However, each detective then claims that the butler is in fact various incarnations of Twain\'s associates  or even his daughter. At first the butler plays the part of each of the persons with whom he\'s identified, but then pulls off a mask to reveal Lionel Twain himself, very much alive. Twain then disparages each of the detectives  for the way in which the plots in their adventures have been handled, including: introducing crucial characters at the last minute for the traditional "twist in the tale"  and withholding clues and information that made it impossible for the reader to find out who had done it. None of the detectives walks away with the million dollars. It is not clear whether any murder has actually taken place. In the last spoken line of the movie, Sydney Wang, when asked if there had been a murder or not, replies "Yes; killed good weekend!" After the guests leave, Twain pulls off another mask, revealing "himself" to be Yetta, the cook.'] ["The film's plot centers on three women — a grandmother, her daughter and her niece — each named Cissie Colpitts. As the story progresses each woman successively drowns her husband. The three Cissie Colpitts are played by Joan Plowright, Juliet Stevenson, and Joely Richardson. Bernard Hill plays the coroner Madgett, who is cajoled into covering up the three crimes. The structure, with similar stories repeated three times, is reminiscent of a fairy tale, more specifically the Billy Goats Gruff, since Madgett is constantly promised greater rewards as he tries his luck with each of the Cissies in turn. The link to folklore is further established by Madgett's son Smut, who recites the rules of various unusual games played by the characters as if they were ancient traditions. Many of these games are invented for the film, including: *Bees in the Trees *Dawn Card Castles *Deadman's Catch *Flights of Fancy  *The Great Death Game *Hangman's Cricket *The Hare and Hounds *Sheep and Tides Number-counting, game rules and the plot's repetitions are devices that emphasize structure and symmetry in Drowning by Numbers. Through the course of the film the numbers 1 to 100 appear in order, sometimes seen in the background, sometimes spoken by the characters. The film is set in and around Southwold, Suffolk, England, with key landmarks such as the Victorian water tower, Southwold Lighthouse and the River Blyth estuary clearly identifiable."] ["As a relative newcomer to town, Dr. Mumford  seems charming and skillful to his neighbors and patients. His unique, frank approach to psychotherapy soon attracts patients away from the two therapists (David Paymer and [[Jane Adams  already working in the area. Soon he is treating a variety of conditions, ranging from one man's attachment to dime-store erotic novels to an unhappy woman's compulsive shopping. Mumford befriends a billionaire computer mogul ([[Jason Lee  and a cafe waitress  and he attempts to play matchmaker. He also begins to fall for a patient  who suffers from chronic fatigue syndrome. Together with an attorney , a patient Mumford had rejected because of his narcissism, the rival therapists conspire to find skeletons in Mumford's closet, hoping to destroy his reputation. And there are indeed skeletons galore, as a confidante of Mumford's soon finds out."] ['{{plot}} The film begins at a dinner party at the Carvers\' house as the adults discuss pop culture references that defined the 1970s: the Watergate scandal, swinging parties for married couples, and the pornographic film Deep Throat. The Hood family includes Ben , Elena  and their children, 16-year-old Paul  and 14-year-old Wendy . Their neighbors, the Carvers, include Jim , Janey  and their children: Mikey  and Sandy . Both families are depicted as uncommunicative. Ben, dissatisfied in his marriage and with the futility of his career, is having an affair with Janey. Elena is bored with her life and is looking to expand her thinking but is unsure of how to do so. Wendy enjoys sexual games with her school peers. Paul, an occasional drug user, is trying to bed his schoolmate Libbets Casey . Jim\'s sons are lonely and confused: Mikey plays along with Wendy\'s sexual games, while Sandy is obsessed with violence. Jim travels for his job and is, for the most part, not involved in his children\'s lives. In one scene he returns from a trip to find that his sons had not even realized he had been gone. Janey, who appears to be carrying on with a number of other men in addition to Ben, finds Jim to be largely an annoyance and would prefer he remain gone all the time. Elena, who is becoming tired and bored with her life, buys spiritual and self-help books and becomes friendly with the hippie-ish minister of a local church. She is ultimately turned off by his subtle passes and his patronizing behavior towards her. Later she attempts to shoplift, but is caught in the act. During their trysts, Ben obsesses to Janey over his displeasure with his job and his frustrations at continually being bested by his colleague, smarmy George Clair . Janey, however, seems to have become bored with the arrangement since she has now become unfaithful, not only to her husband but to Ben as well. She abruptly leaves the room just prior to a planned sexual encounter with Ben, excusing herself to get "birth control pills" but instead flees the house leaving Ben alone. Realizing that she is not returning, Ben prepares to leave but comes upon his daughter Wendy in the Carvers\' basement initiating a sex act with Mikey . Ben then has an awkward discussion with Wendy about "the birds and the bees". Wendy  is visibly bored with the conversation. Seeing this, he changes tack and tells her he\'s really not all that upset with her, except that he thinks that Mikey may not "be right" for her. As the evening begins, a storm hits New Canaan which evolves into a dangerous ice storm. When Ben reveals to Elena that he found Wendy in the Carvers\' basement, she is more concerned with what he was doing there, eventually concluding  that he must be having an affair with Janey. They have a brief argument over it prior to attending a neighborhood party, which turns out to be a swinger\'s key party. Elena suspects that Ben was aware of the nature of the party and had plotted to mark his keys so Janey could fish them out. In her resentment, she decides to participate in the key party. Concurrently, Paul has taken the train into Manhattan. Paul is excited that Libbets has invited him to visit her that evening. He tries to keep this a secret from his roommate, Francis , since Francis has the habit of bedding every girl he discovers Paul is attracted to. Paul is then disheartened to discover Francis has also been invited. The three listen to music and begin drinking and smoking marijuana. It becomes clear that Libbets is more responsive to Francis\' direct advances than to Paul\'s more subtle ones. Paul attempts to drug Francis with Libbets\' mother\'s sleeping medication so that he will be out of commission for the evening, but Libbets also takes one of the pills. Francis, however, passes out first. Libbets and Paul leave him to sleep it off on the floor and Paul tries to make his move on Libbets. He is visibly disappointed when she tells him that she only thinks of him "like a brother" before she too passes out. Wendy decides to make her way to the Carvers\' to see Mikey, but he has decided to go out into the ice storm, so she and Sandy climb into bed together and remove their clothes. They drink from a bottle of vodka and Wendy tries to seduce him; however, they both fall asleep. Meanwhile, as the key party progresses, Ben becomes drunk. When Janey chooses the keys of another man, Ben attempts to protest but trips and knocks his head on the coffee table, leading Jim to realize that his wife and Ben are having an affair. Ben, in his embarrassment, retreats to the bathroom where he remains for the rest of the evening. The remaining key party participants are paired off and leave together with only Jim and Elena remaining. She retrieves Jim\'s keys from the bowl and returns them to him. After debating the issue, Jim and Elena leave together, engaging in a quick, clumsy sexual encounter in the front seat of Jim\'s car. Jim, regretting the line he and Elena have just crossed, agrees to drive her home. Meanwhile, Mikey, out walking in the storm, is enchanted by the beauty of the trees and fields covered in ice. He slides down an icy hill then sits on a guardrail to rest. A moment later a power line, broken by a fallen tree, connects with the guardrail and he is electrocuted. Jim and Elena return to the Carvers\' house as dawn is breaking. Elena walks in on her daughter in bed with Sandy and orders her to get dressed. Janey had also returned home earlier and curled up on her bed in the fetal position without bothering to take off her party clothes. Although it is not revealed what transpired between Janey and her \'key partner\', she is visibly exhausted and sad. Ben has sobered up by this time and begins driving home. He discovers Mikey\'s body on the side of the road and carries it back to the Carvers\' house. The two families are drawn together by Mikey\'s death and Wendy hugs the shocked and numbed Sandy in an attempt to comfort him. Jim is devastated while Janey remains asleep and ignorant to the recent events. Ben, Elena and Wendy then drive to the train station to pick up Paul who is returning from Libbets\' apartment, his train delayed by the ice and the power failure caused by the downed wire. Once all four are together in the car, Ben breaks down, sobbing uncontrollably at the wheel as his family looks on in astonishment.'] ['The film follows a graduate student, Omar Razaghi , who wishes to write a biography on an obscure writer, Jules Gund, who died years before. He must travel to Uruguay to persuade the Gund family to authorize the biography.'] ['{{plot}} Empire Records is a small, independent record shop managed by Joe . The store is set in an unnamed city in Delaware, and like the employees, is eclectic and unique. The staff is very much a self-created family, with Joe as the reluctant and perpetually exasperated but loveable father figure. Joe selects Lucas  to close the store for the first time ever. While counting the day\'s receipts, Lucas discovers that Empire Records is about to be converted into a branch of Music Town, a franchise music store. In an attempt to save the store, Lucas takes the day\'s cash receipts to Atlantic City. While initially very lucky, he loses the entire amount. Joe is distracted from dealing with this immediate crisis due to a scheduled publicity stunt. Rex Manning , a pompous, fading pop singer, is due to arrive to sign autographs and promote his new album. No one is really looking forward to "Rex Manning Day" except cashier Corey , an overachieving student headed for Harvard University who has a schoolgirl crush on Rex, and plans to lose her virginity to him. Corey\'s best friend and fellow cashier Gina , a more adventurous and free spirit than Corey, encourages Corey in her pursuit of the much older Manning. Empire\'s owner, Mitchell Beck , arrives to collect the missing deposit, but Joe covers for Lucas and plays for time by handing Mitchell a bag full of loose receipts. AJ  confides in Joe that he loves Corey, and has chosen Rex Manning Day as the day he tells her. Lucas returns and rather than show repentance or guilt, calmly and repeatedly insists that everything will somehow work out, much to Joe\'s growing confusion and frustration. Joe forbids Lucas to leave the store  until he is able to repay the $9,000. Deb , another store employee, arrives. She, as usual, is hostile and antisocial to the rest of the staff. She immediately locks herself in the bathroom, where she impulsively shaves her head. As she exits the bathroom, AJ sees that her wrists are bandaged and she admits that she attempted suicide. It is revealed that Deb and Berko , a local rock musician and another store employee with whom Deb is romantically involved, have recently had a fight, but Deb insists that he was not the reason for her suicide attempt. A young shoplifter who identifies himself only as Warren Beatty  is apprehended outside the store by Lucas. Soon after, Rex Manning arrives with his assistant Jane . Manning is condescending toward Joe, the rest of the staff, and his fans. Corey demands to bring Rex his lunch and awkwardly attempts to seduce him during his lunch break. When Manning responds with a crude pass, Corey runs off in embarrassment. A lovesick AJ finally attempts to tell Corey how he feels about her. Corey, emotionally overwhelmed by her encounter with her idol, tells AJ that she cannot handle his admission. Crushed, AJ abandons his plan. In the meanwhile, both Joe and Berko attempt to reach out to Deb, who refuses to explain her behavior or the circumstances that led to her bandaged wrists. Deb buries herself in work, but is clearly upset. As the afternoon progresses, the plan to convert Empire Records into a Music Town is revealed, and Joe admits that he had hoped to buy Mitchell out. However, Joe will now have to use his money to replace what Lucas lost, and Empire Records is now doomed to become a Music Town. The afternoon continues to spiral downward. Corey accuses Gina of encouraging her ill-advised behavior around Rex. Outraged at the accusation and seeking to hurt Corey, Gina seduces Rex Manning, much to the horror of her friends. When Corey confronts her, calling her a slut, Gina retaliates by revealing Corey\'s secret amphetamine habit, which helps her stay up all night studying. Corey has a hysterical episode and has to be physically restrained by Joe. Uncharacteristically, Deb shows sympathy towards the always perfect Corey having a near meltdown and helps calm her. Corey, after hearing about Deb\'s suicide attempt, arranges a "funeral" for her where all her friends gather around and say things that they love about her. Lucas reveals that Joe actually rescued him from the orphanage as a teen, and was trying to repay him for his kindness. Deb admits she tried  to kill herself. During the mock funeral, "Warren" returns with a gun and holds up the store. Deb boldly confronts Warren, confusing him and distracting him from his plan, and the rest of the staff persuade Warren into admitting that he only returned because he felt kinship with the rest of the misfits in the store, leading Joe to offer him a job. After the police leave, Lucas admits defeat, and suggests calling Mitchell. However, his friends and coworkers , pool their resources to replace the missing money. Despite their best efforts, they are thousands short. Suddenly inspired, Mark runs out of the store and impulsively jumps in front of a news crew covering the hold up and announces a late night benefit party/concert to save Empire. Between AJ\'s art, various money raising efforts by the rest of the staff, a rooftop concert featuring Berko and Gina, enough is made to replace the money Lucas lost. Joe and Lucas return the money to Mitchell, and promptly quit. Mitchell, appalled at the debacle and the prospect of managing the store without Joe, offers to sell it to him. Joe agrees. Corey tells AJ that she really does love him, too, but that she now hates him for doubting his ability to succeed in art school. AJ tells her he has quit the store, and has been accepted to an art school in Boston, and they finally kiss.'] ['Nancy, a.k.a. "Dr. Love", is a radio talk show host unskilled at practicing what she preaches. She eventually meets Mickey, a romeo with women whose wildly varied experiences and stories make people assume him to be a compulsive liar. Mickey also gets to know Eve, who is a former prostitute who now owns a bar bearing her name. The bar is in particular popular with people looking for one night stands. The three lead lonely, unfulfilling lives in Los Angeles. They have never met before, but their experiences become intertwined and complicate a number of lives.'] ['In 1979,<ref name Cowie | first  The Godfather Book | publisher  1997 | page  978-0-571-19011-9}}<ref name Lebo | first  The Godfather Legacy | publisher  2005 | page  978-0-7432-8777-7 }} Michael Corleone  is nearing 60 and wracked with guilt for his ruthless rise to power, especially ordering the murder of his brother Fredo. By now, he has mostly retired from the Mafia, leaving the Corleone family\'s criminal interests in the hands of enforcer Joey Zasa , and is using his tremendous wealth and power to restore his reputation via numerous acts of charity. Michael and Kay  have been divorced since 1960, and Michael gave her custody of their children, Anthony  and Mary . At a ceremony in St. Patrick\'s Old Cathedral, Michael is named a Commander of the Order of St. Sebastian. At a party following the ceremony, Anthony tells his father that he is going to drop out of law school to pursue a career as an opera singer. Kay supports his choice, but Michael disagrees, wishing that his son would either finish law school or join the family business, but Anthony refuses to have anything to do with his father\'s "legacy". Michael and Kay have an uneasy reunion, in which Kay tells him that Anthony knows the truth about Fredo\'s death. Meanwhile, Vincent Mancini , the illegitimate son of Michael\'s late brother Sonny, shows up at the party. He is embroiled in a feud with Zasa, who has involved the Corleone family in major drug trafficking and turned Little Italy into a slum. Michael\'s sister Connie  arranges a "sit-down" between Vincent and Zasa in Michael\'s study. The discussion erupts into a fight, in which Vincent bites Zasa in the ear. That night Vincent has a one-night stand with a journalist named Grace Hamilton . Two men armed with knives and a gun break in and try to kill him. Vincent kills them both, but not before learning that Zasa sent them. Michael is troubled by Vincent\'s fiery temper, but is nonetheless impressed by his loyalty, and agrees to take his nephew under his wing. Meanwhile, Michael busies himself with the biggest deal of his career: He has recently bought up enough stock in International Immobiliare, an international real estate holding company known as "the world\'s biggest landlord", to become its largest single shareholder, with six seats on the company\'s 13-member board of directors. He now makes a tender offer to buy the Vatican\'s 25% interest in the company, which will give him controlling interest. Knowing that Archbishop Gilday , who serves as head of the Vatican Bank, has run up a massive deficit, he negotiates a deal to pay $600 million to the Bank in exchange for the shares. The deal is quickly approved by Immobiliare\'s board. However, it must be ratified in Rome by Pope Paul VI, who is gravely ill. Without his word, the deal is in limbo. Don Altobello , an elderly New York Mafia boss and old friend of the Corleones , soon visits Michael, telling him that his old partners on the Commission want in on the Immobiliare deal. Michael, however, is adamant that the deal shall be untainted by Mafia involvement. A meeting is arranged, and Michael appeases most of the Mafia bosses with payoffs from the sale of his Las Vegas holdings. Zasa, however, gets nothing and declares that Michael is his enemy and storms out. Altobello tells Michael that he will try to reason with Zasa and follows close behind. Minutes later, a helicopter hovers outside the conference room and sprays it with submachine gun fire. Most of the other mob bosses are killed, but Michael, Vincent, and Michael\'s bodyguard, Al Neri ([[Richard Bright , escape. Back at his penthouse in New York, Vincent tells Michael that those mob bosses who escaped the massacre made deals with Zasa. Michael knows that Zasa was not the mastermind of the massacre due to Zasa\'s being "muscle" and not having the cunning to organize such a scheme. Vincent wants to kill Zasa, but Michael refuses. As he considers how to respond to the situation, he suffers a diabetic stroke and is hospitalized, but not before realizing Altobello is the traitor. As Michael recuperates, Vincent begins a romantic relationship with Mary and plots revenge against Zasa. Neri and Connie give Vincent permission to act. During a street festival hosted by Zasa\'s Italian American civil rights group, Vincent\'s men gun down Zasa\'s bodyguards. Vincent, disguised as a policeman on horseback, shoots Zasa dead. When Michael discovers this, he berates Vincent for his rashness. Michael also insists that Vincent end his relationship with Mary, because Vincent\'s involvement in the family\'s criminal enterprises puts her life in jeopardy. The family takes a vacation to Sicily in preparation for Anthony\'s operatic debut in Palermo. They stay at the villa of Corleone family friend Don Tommasino . Michael tells Vincent to speak with Altobello and tell him that he is planning to leave the Corleone family. Altobello supports the idea of Vincent\'s switching his allegiance, and introduces him to Don Licio Lucchesi , a powerful Italian political figure and Immobiliare\'s chairman. Michael realizes that the Immobiliare deal is an elaborate conspiracy among Lucchesi, Archbishop Gilday, and Vatican accountant Frederick Keinszig  to swindle him out of his money, and visits Cardinal Lamberto , the man favored to become the next Pope, to speak about the deal. Lamberto convinces Michael to make his first confession in 30 years, in which he tearfully admits to ordering Fredo\'s murder. Lamberto tells Michael that he deserves to suffer for his sins, but that his life could still be redeemed. Shortly after the meeting between Vincent and Lucchesi, Altobello travels to the small village of Montelepre, where he hires Mosca , a veteran hitman, to assassinate Michael. A few days later, Mosca and his son Lupe, disguised as priests, attempt to kidnap Don Tommasino and force him to allow them entry to his villa. Tommasino refuses, and Mosca kills him. While touring Sicily with Kay, who has arrived for Anthony’s operatic debut, Michael asks for her forgiveness. As they both admit that they still love each other, Michael receives word that Tommasino is dead. At Tommassino\'s funeral, Michael swears over his old friend\'s coffin to sin no more. After the death of Pope Paul VI, Cardinal Lamberto is elected Pope John Paul I, which means that the Immobiliare deal will likely be ratified. The new Pope\'s intentions come as a death knell to the plot against the ratification of the Immobiliare deal, prompting frantic attempts by the plotters to cover their own tracks. Vincent tells Michael that he has learned from Altobello of Mosca\'s plot on his life. Michael sees that his nephew is a changed man, and makes him the new Don of the Corleone family. In exchange, Vincent agrees to put an end to his relationship with Mary. The family travels to Palermo to see Anthony perform the lead in Pietro Mascagni\'s Cavalleria rusticana, a tale of murderous revenge in a Sicilian setting. Meanwhile, Vincent exacts his own revenge: * Keinszig is abducted by Vincent\'s men, who smother him with a pillow and hang him from a bridge to make his death look like a suicide. * Don Altobello, also attending the opera, eats poisoned cannoli that his goddaughter Connie gives him. He dies as Connie watches sadly from her box. * Al Neri travels to the Vatican, where he shoots Archbishop Gilday. * Finally, Calò  meets with Don Lucchesi at his office, claiming to bear a message from Michael. As he pretends to whisper the message to Lucchesi, Calò stabs him in the throat with his own glasses. The killings are too late to save the Pope, however. Just hours after he approves the Immobiliare deal, the Pope drinks poisoned tea provided to him by Archbishop Gilday and soon dies in his bed. Mosca, still disguised as a priest and armed with a sniper rifle, descends upon the opera house during Anthony\'s performance, killing three of Vincent\'s men and preparing to shoot his target from a box, but the opera ends before he has the chance to pull the trigger. The assassin retreats to the opera house façade\'s staircase and tries to shoot Michael there. At the same moment, Mary confronts her father about the forced break-up with Vincent. Mosca fires twice, wounding Michael and accidentally killing Mary. Vincent then shoots him dead. As Kay and Connie weep, Michael cradles Mary\'s body in his arms and screams in agony. The scene dissolves to a short montage of Michael\'s memories of all the women he has lost, composed of scenes with Mary, Kay, and his first wife, Apollonia. The film ends with Michael, an old man, sitting in the garden of Don Tommasino\'s Sicilian villa. He slumps over in his chair, falls sideways to the ground, and dies alone, apart from his dog.'] ["Shane O'Shea  is a young Jersey man, handsome enough to become a bartender at Studio 54. There he befriends aspiring singer Anita  and her husband, Greg Randazzo . Shane gets sucked into the hard-partying scene at Studio 54; as his life spirals downward, so does Studio 54."] ['Gideon Oliver Dobbs is a man with a mental disability. He moves into a nursing home known as Lakeview, with many elderly inhabitants. They are all grumpy old men and women. Gideon is much younger than the other residents, which causes confusion when he first introduces himself. His view of life make the seniors look at their lives in a different way.'] 