['In 1868, Ethan Edwards  returns from the American Civil War, in which he fought for the Confederacy, to the home of his brother Aaron  in the wilderness of west Texas. Wrongdoing or legal trouble in Ethan\'s past is suggested by his three-year absence, a large quantity of gold coins in his possession, a Mexican revolutionary war medal that he gives to his young niece Debbie , and his refusal to take an oath of allegiance to the Texas Rangers, as well as Rev. Samuel Clayton mentioning that Ethan "fits a lot of descriptions". Shortly after Ethan\'s arrival, cattle belonging to his neighbor Lars Jorgensen  are stolen, and when Captain Samuel Clayton  leads Ethan and a group of Rangers to follow the trail, they discover that the theft was a ploy by Comanche to draw the men away from their families. When they return home, they find the Edwards homestead in flames; Aaron, his wife Martha ([[Dorothy Jordan , and their son Ben  dead; and Debbie and her older sister Lucy  abducted.  After a brief funeral, the men return to pursuing the Comanches. When they find their camp, Ethan recommends an open attack, in which the girls would be killed, but Clayton insists on sneaking in. The Rangers find the camp deserted, and when they continue their pursuit, the Indians almost catch them in a trap. The Rangers fend off the Indian attack, but with too few men to ensure victory, Clayton and the posse return home, leaving Ethan to continue his search for the girls with Lucy\'s fiancé Brad Jorgensen  and Debbie\'s adopted brother Martin Pawley . However, after Ethan finds Lucy brutally murdered and presumably raped in a canyon near the Comanche camp, Brad becomes enraged, rides wildly into the camp, and is killed. Ethan and Martin search until winter, when they lose the trail. When they return to the Jorgensen ranch, Martin is enthusiastically welcomed by the Jorgensens\' daughter Laurie , and Ethan finds a letter waiting for him from a man named Futterman, who has information about Debbie. Ethan, who would rather travel alone, leaves without Martin the next morning, but Laurie provides Martin with a horse to catch up. At Futterman\'s  trading post, Ethan and Martin learn that Debbie has been taken by Scar ([[Henry Brandon , the chief of the Nawyecka band of Comanches. A year or more later, Laurie receives a letter from Martin describing the ongoing search. In reading the letter aloud, Laurie narrates the next few scenes, in which Ethan kills Futterman for trying to steal his money, Martin accidentally buys a Comanche wife, and the two men find part of Scar\'s tribe killed by soldiers.  After looking for Debbie at a military fort, Ethan and Martin go to New Mexico, where a Mexican man leads them to Scar. They find Debbie, now an adolescent , living as one of Scar\'s wives. When she meets with the men outside the camp, she says she has become a Comanche and asks them to leave without her. However, Ethan would rather see her dead than living as an Indian. He tries to shoot her, but Martin shields her with his body and a Comanche shoots Ethan with an arrow. Ethan and Martin escape to safety, where Martin saves Ethan by tending to his wound. Martin is furious at Ethan for attempting to kill Debbie and wishes him dead. "That\'ll be the day," Ethan replies. The men then return home.  Meanwhile, Charlie McCorry  has been courting Laurie in Martin\'s absence. Ethan and Martin arrive home just as Charlie and Laurie\'s wedding is about to begin. After a fistfight between Martin and Charlie, a nervous "Yankee" soldier, Lt. Greenhill , arrives with news that Ethan\'s half-crazy friend Mose Harper  knows where Scar is. Clayton leads his men to the Comanche camp, this time for a direct attack, but Martin is allowed to sneak in and rescue Debbie, who welcomes him. During the attack, Martin kills Scar and Ethan scalps him. When Ethan sees Debbie, Martin is unable to stop him from chasing her, but instead of killing her, Ethan carries her home. Once Debbie is safely with her family, and Martin is reunited with Laurie, Ethan walks away, alone, the cabin door closing on his receding image in one of the most famous and iconic closing scenes in film history.The Searchers Special, AMC Television'] ["The 1862 Pacific Railroad Act signed by President Lincoln authorizes pushing the Union Pacific Railroad westward across the wilderness toward California, but financial opportunist Asa Barrows hopes to profit from obstructing it. Chief troubleshooter Jeff Butler has his hands full fighting Barrows' agent, gambler Sid Campeau. Campeau's partner Dick Allen is Jeff's war buddy and rival suitor for engineer's daughter Molly Monahan. Who will survive the effort to push the railroad through at any cost?"] ['In 1863, First Lieutenant John J. Dunbar  is injured in the American Civil War. Rather than having his leg amputated, he takes a horse and rides up to the Confederate front lines, distracting them in the process. The roused Union army then attacks and the battle ends a Confederate rout. Dunbar survives, is allowed to properly recover, receives a citation for bravery and is awarded Cisco, the horse who carried him, as well as his choice of posting. Dunbar requests a transfer to the western frontier so he can see its vast terrain before it goes. Dunbar arrives at his new post, Fort Sedgwick, but finds it abandoned and in disrepair. Despite the threat of nearby Native American tribes, he elects to stay and man the post himself. He begins rebuilding and restocking the fort and prefers the solitude afforded him, recording many of his observations in his journal. Dunbar initially encounters his Sioux neighbors when several attempts are made to steal his horse and intimidate him. In response, Dunbar decides to seek out the Sioux camp in an attempt to establish a dialogue. On his way he comes across Stands With A Fist , who has injured herself in mourning of her deceased husband. She is the white adopted daughter of the tribe\'s medicine man Kicking Bird ([[Graham Greene , as her white family was killed by the aggressive Pawnee tribe when she was young. Dunbar returns her to the Sioux to be treated, which changes their attitude toward him. Eventually, Dunbar establishes a rapport with Kicking Bird and warrior Wind In His Hair  who equally wish to communicate. Initially the language barrier frustrates them, so Stands With A Fist, though with difficulty remembering her English, acts as translator. Dunbar finds himself drawn to the lifestyle and customs of the tribe and begins spending most of his time with them. Learning their language, he becomes a hero among the Sioux and is accepted as an honored guest after he locates a migrating herd of buffalo and participates in the hunt. When at Fort Sedgwick, Dunbar also befriends a wolf he dubs "Two Socks" for its white forepaws. When the Sioux observe Dunbar and Two Socks chasing each other, they give him his Sioux name "Dances with Wolves". During this time, Dunbar also forges a romantic relationship with Stands with a Fist and helps defend the village from an attack by the rival Pawnee. Dunbar eventually wins Kicking Bird\'s approval to marry Stands with a Fist, and abandons Fort Sedgwick. Because of the growing Pawnee and white threat, Chief Ten Bears  decides to move the tribe to its winter camp. Dunbar decides to accompany them but must first retrieve his journal from Fort Sedgewick. However, when he arrives he finds it occupied by the U.S. Army. Because of his Sioux clothing, the soldiers mistake him for a Native and open fire, killing Cisco and capturing Dunbar. Sgt Baur  interrogates him, but Dunbar cannot prove his situation as Corporal Spivey  had secretly stolen his journal. As a result, along with Dunbar\'s refusal to serve as an interpreter to the tribes, he is accused of treason and transported back east as a prisoner. While traveling in the armed caravan, the soldiers kill Two Socks when the wolf attempts to follow Dunbar. Eventually the Sioux track the convoy, killing the soldiers and freeing Dunbar. At the winter camp, Dunbar decides to leave with Stands With A Fist since his status will put the tribe in danger. As they leave, Wind In His Hair shouts across to Dunbar, reminding him of their friendship. U.S. troops are seen searching the mountains but are unable to locate them, while a lone wolf howls in the distance. An epilogue states that thirteen years later the last remnants of Sioux were subjugated to the American government, ending the conquest of the Western frontier states and the livelihoods of the tribes in the plains.'] ['In 1878, chiefs Little Wolf  and Dull Knife  lead over three hundred starved and weary Cheyenne from their reservation in the Oklahoma territory to their home in Wyoming. The government sees this as an act of rebellion, and the sympathetic Captain Thomas Archer  is forced to lead his troops in an attempt to stop the tribe. As the press misrepresents the native\'s motives and goals for their trek as malicious, Secretary of the Interior Carl Schurz  tries to prevent violence from erupting between the army and the natives. Also featured are James Stewart as Wyatt Earp, Dolores del Río as "Spanish Woman" and Carroll Baker as a pacifist school teacher and Archer\'s  love interest.'] ["The story is about a large caravan of settlers in the very earliest days of the Oregon Trail, which from the early 1840s to 1869 was the main overland route from Missouri to the Pacific Northwest. Breck Coleman  is a young trapper who just got back to Missouri from his travels near Santa Fe, seeking to avenge the death of an old trapper friend who was killed the winter before along the Santa Fe Trail for his furs, by Red Flack  and his minion Lopez ([[Charles Stevens . At a large trading post owned by a man named Wellmore, Coleman sees Flack and suspects him right away as being one of the killers. Flack likewise suspects Coleman as being somebody who knows too much about the killing. Coleman is asked by a large group of settlers to scout their caravan west, and declines, until he learns that Flack and Lopez were just hired by Wellmore to boss a bull train along the as-yet-unblazed Oregon Trail to a trading post north of Oregon, owned by another Missouri fur trader. Coleman agrees to scout for the train, so he can keep an eye on the villains and kill them as soon as they reach their destination. The caravan of settlers in their Prairie schooners would follow Wellmore's ox-drawn train of Conestoga Wagons, as the first major group of settlers to move west on the Oregon Trail. The action takes place between 1837 and 1845.Ruth tells Honey Girl that there are 26 stars in the flag, dating the movie between Jan., 1837 and March 1845. This is historically accurate, as the first major wave of settlers on the Oregon Trail was in 1843 . Coleman finds love with young Ruth Cameron , whom he'd kissed accidentally, mistaking her for somebody else. Unwilling to accept her attraction toward him, Ruth gets rather close to a gambler acquaintances of Flack's, Thorpe , who joined the trail after being caught gambling. Coleman and Flack have to lead the settlers west, while Flack does everything he can to have Coleman killed before he finds any proof of what he'd done. The three villains' main reason for going west is to avoid the hangman's noose for previous crimes, and all three receive frontier justice instead. The settlers trail ends in the Willamette Valley of Oregon, where Coleman and Ruth finally settle down together amidst giant redwoods."] ['  A family led by Zebulon Prescott  sets out for the frontier west via the Erie Canal, the “west” at this time being the Illinois country. On the journey, they meet mountain man Linus Rawlings  who is traveling east to Pittsburgh to trade his furs. He and Zebulon\'s daughter Eve  are attracted to each other, but Linus is not ready to settle down. Linus stops at an isolated trading post run by a murderous clan of river pirates headed by "Colonel" Hawkins . Linus is betrayed when he accompanies pretty Dora Hawkins  into a cave to see a "varmint". She stabs him in the back and pushes him into a deep hole. Fortunately, he is not seriously wounded, and is able to rescue the Prescott party from a similar fate. The bushwhacking thieves , including Dora, are dispatched with rough frontier justice. After burning the thieves\' bodies in a massive funeral pyre  and praying to God for the salvation of the thieves\' souls "whether You want \'em or not", the settlers continue down the river, but their raft is caught in rapids and Zebulon and his wife Rebecca  drown. Linus, finding that he cannot live without Eve, reappears and marries her, even though she insists on homesteading at the spot where her parents died.   Eve\'s sister Lilith  chooses to go to St. Louis, where she finds work performing in a dance hall. She attracts the attention of professional gambler Cleve Van Valen . After overhearing that she has just inherited a California gold mine, and to avoid paying his debts to another gambler , Cleve joins the wagon train taking her there. He and wagonmaster Roger Morgan ([[Robert Preston  court her along the way, but she turns them both down, much to the dismay of her new friend and fellow traveler Agatha Clegg , who is searching for a husband. Surviving an attack by Cheyenne Indians, Lilith and Cleve arrive at the mine, only to find that it is now worthless. Cleve leaves. Lilith returns to work in a dance hall in a literal "Camp Town," living out of a covered wagon. Morgan finds her and again proposes marriage in a rather unromantic way. She tells him, "No, not ever." Later, Lilith is singing in the music salon of a riverboat. By chance, Cleve is a passenger. When he hears Lilith\'s voice, he leaves the poker table  to propose to her, telling her of the opportunities waiting in the rapidly growing city of San Francisco. She accepts.   Linus joins the Union army as a captain in the American Civil War. Despite Eve\'s wishes, their son Zeb  eagerly enlists as well, looking for glory and an escape from farming. Corporal Peterson  assures them the conflict won\'t last very long. The bloody Battle of Shiloh shows Zeb that war is nothing like he imagined and, unknown to him, his father Linus dies there. He encounters a similarly disillusioned Confederate  who suggests deserting, to which Zeb agrees. However, by chance, they overhear a private conversation between Generals Ulysses S. Grant  and William Tecumseh Sherman . The rebel realizes he has the opportunity to rid the South of two of its greatest enemies and tries to shoot them, leaving Zeb no choice but to stab and kill him. Afterwards, Zeb rejoins the army. When the war finally ends, he returns home, only to find his mother has died. She had lost the will to live after learning that Linus had been killed. Zeb gives his share of the family farm to his brother, who is more tied to the land, and leaves in search of a more interesting life.   Following the daring riders from the Pony Express and the construction of the transcontinental telegraph line in the late 1860s, two ferociously competing railroad lines, the Central Pacific Railroad and the Union Pacific Railroad, one building west and the other east, open up new territory to eager settlers. Zeb becomes a lieutenant in the U.S. cavalry, trying to maintain peace with the Indians with the help of grizzled buffalo hunter Jethro Stuart , an old friend of Linus. When ruthless railroad man Mike King  violates a treaty by building on Indian territory, the Arapaho Indians retaliate by stampeding buffalo through his camp, killing many, including women and children. Disgusted, Zeb resigns and heads to Arizona. An entire subplot starring Hope Lange as Jethro Stuart\'s daughter, a love interest of Zeb, was edited out.   In San Francisco, widowed Lilith\'s auctions off her possessions  to pay her debts. She travels to Arizona, inviting Zeb and his family to oversee her remaining asset, a ranch. Zeb , his wife Julie  and their children meet Lilith at Gold City\'s train station. However, Zeb also runs into an old enemy there, outlaw Charlie Gant . It is revealed that Zeb killed Gant\'s brother in a gunfight. When Gant makes veiled threats against Zeb and his family, Zeb turns to his friend and Gold City\'s marshal, Lou Ramsey , but Gant is not wanted for anything in that territory, so there is little Ramsey can do. Zeb decides he has to act rather than wait for Gant to make good his threat to show up someday. Suspecting Gant of planning to rob an unusually large gold shipment being transported by train, he prepares an ambush with Ramsey\'s reluctant help. Gant and his entire gang  are killed in the shootout. In the end, Lilith and the Rawlings family travel to their new home. A short epilogue shows modern Los Angeles and San Francisco in the early 1960s, including the famous four-level downtown freeway interchange and Golden Gate Bridge, indicating the growth of the West in 80 years.'] ['The storyline follows the struggle of Sayward Luckett  as she travels to the unsettled Ohio Valley wilderness from post-revolutionary Pennsylvania. The series takes Sayward from a young single woman, unexpectedly left with three sisters to raise, to a married woman who becomes a mother of seven. Her faithful devotion to her family is recounted against the day-to-day struggle for survival.'] ['Set in 1898, the film concerns Prentice "Prent" Ritter , an aging cowboy who wants to buy a ranch of his own. To accomplish this, he agrees to transport 500 mustangs from Oregon to Wyoming, where he will sell them to the British Army. He recruits his estranged nephew, Tom Harte , to join him, hoping to reconnect with him on the ride. What starts out as a simple horse drive is complicated when Prent and Tom encounter a particularly vile slaver who is transporting five Chinese girls to a lawless mining town, where they will face a life of prostitution and indentured servitude. After he tries to steal their money and horses and is killed, the girls are left to be dealt with. Compelled to do the right thing, Prent and Tom rescue the women and take them in, but as they continue their perilous trek across the frontier, they are tailed by a vicious gang of outlaws sent by the whorehouse madam who originally paid for the girls.'] ['Pearl Chavez  is orphaned after her father Scott Chavez  kills her mother , having caught his wife with a lover . Before his execution, Chavez arranges for Pearl to live with his second cousin and old sweetheart, Laura Belle . Arriving by stagecoach, Pearl is met by Jesse McCanles , one of Laura Belle\'s two grown sons. He takes her to Spanish Bit, their enormous cattle ranch. The gentle and gracious Laura Belle is happy to welcome her to their home, but not so her husband, the wheelchair-using Senator Jackson McCanles , who calls her "a half-breed" and jealously despises her father. The second son, Lewt , is a ladies man with a personality quite unlike that of his gentlemanly brother Jesse. He expresses his interest in Pearl in direct terms and she takes a strong dislike to him. Laura Belle calls in Mr. Jubal Crabbe, the "Sinkiller" , a gun-toting preacher, to counsel Pearl on how to avoid the evils of temptation. Pearl is determined to remain "a good girl." When she is overpowered by Lewt in her bedroom one night, Pearl is angry with him and ashamed of her own behavior. But she also cannot help but be flattered by his lust and attentions. Jesse, meanwhile, is ostracized by his father and no longer welcome at the ranch after siding with railroad men, headed by Mr. Langford , against the Senator\'s personal interests. Jesse is in love with Pearl but he leaves for Austin to pursue a political career and becomes engaged to Helen Langford , Langford\'s daughter. Offended when Lewt reneges on a promise to marry her, Pearl takes up with Sam Pierce , a neighboring rancher who is smitten with her. She does not love him but says yes to his proposal. Before they can be married, however, Lewt picks a fight with Pierce in a saloon and guns him down. He insists that Pearl can belong only to him. However, Lewt becomes a wanted man. On the run from the law, Lewt finds time to derail a train and occasionally drop by the ranch late at night and foist his attentions on Pearl. She cannot resist her desire for him and lies for Lewt to the law, hiding him in her room. Laura Belle\'s health takes a turn for the worse and the Senator admits his love for her before she dies. Jesse returns to visit but is too late; his mother is dead. The Senator continues to shun him, as does Lewt, their family feud finally resulting in a showdown. Lewt tosses a gun to his unarmed brother but before it can be picked up, he shoots Jesse. The Senator\'s old friend, Lem Smoot ([[Harry Carey  tells him that Jesse is going to make it and the old man softens up towards his son. A livid Pearl is relieved that Jesse is going to survive. When Helen arrives, she invites Pearl to leave Spanish Bit forever and come live with them in Austin. Pearl agrees, but she is tipped off by one of the Spanish Bit hands, Sid  that Lewt intends to come after Jesse again. She arms herself and engages in a shootout with Lewt in the desert, where they die in each other\'s arms.'] ['Wealthy, newly retired sea captain James McKay  travels to the American West to join his fiancée Patricia  at the enormous ranch owned by her father, Major Terrill . Terrill has been feuding with Rufus Hannassey , the patriarch of a poorer, less refined ranching clan. Patricia\'s friend, schoolteacher Julie Maragon , owns the "Big Muddy", a large ranch with a vital water supply. She is caught in the middle of the Terrill-Hannassey feud, as she has been allowing Hannassey to use her water for his cattle, while Terrill has been trying to buy her land in order to put Hannassey out of business. McKay refuses to be provoked into proving his manhood, having sworn off such behavior since his father died in a meaningless duel. He does nothing to stop Hannassey\'s trouble-making son Buck  from harassing him, and he declines a challenge by Terrill\'s foreman, Steve Leech , to ride an unruly horse. Patricia, Terrill, and Leech consider this to be cowardly in view of the region\'s lawlessness. When Terrill and the men ride to the Hannassey place in retribution for Buck\'s harassment, McKay stays at the ranch and successfully rides the unruly horse while telling no one except ranch hand Ramon . One morning, after instructing Ramon to tell the others not to worry about him, McKay rides to the Big Muddy, using a map and compass to navigate the terrain, and persuades Julie to sell him her land by promising to continue her policy of allowing both the Terrills and the Hannasseys access to the river. Meanwhile, a search party spends two days looking for McKay, believing he is lost. McKay finds the search party and explains that he was not in danger, but Leech — who is clearly motivated in part by his jealousy of McKay over Patricia — calls him a liar in front of Patricia and Terrill. McKay again refuses to be goaded into a fight, and he and Patricia agree to reconsider their engagement after she becomes upset at his apparent cowardice. Early the next morning, before anybody else is up, McKay settles with Leech. They fight away from the house, without witnesses, to an exhausted draw. After that, Leech begins to respect McKay. Later, after McKay has moved into town, Julie tells Patricia that he bought the Big Muddy and privately rode the horse, and Patricia visits him. When he tells her he plans to allow water access to the Hannasseys, she becomes enraged and they break the engagement permanently. Meanwhile, on Terrill\'s orders, Leech and his men chase Hannassey\'s cattle away from the Big Muddy. Hannassey, in retaliation, kidnaps Julie and uses her as bait to lure Terrill into an ambush in the narrow canyon leading to Hannassey\'s home. Buck tries to rape her, but his father stops him. When McKay finds out about Julie, for whom his own feelings have been becoming increasingly obvious, he rides to the Hannassey place with Ramon. Buck tells Julie he will kill McKay unless she says she is there willingly. McKay shows Hannassey the deed to Big Muddy and promises him equal access to the water. When Hannassey says he intends to fight Terrill anyway, McKay declares to Hannassey that the fight is really a personal vendetta. McKay and Buck fight with each other, but Hannassey stops the conflict when Buck draws his gun on McKay, who is unarmed, and decides they will settle their quarrel with a formal duel. After walking apart ten paces, both men turn and aim. Buck fires before the signal, grazing McKay\'s forehead. Hannassey prepares to kill Buck, as required by the rules, but McKay stops him. As McKay slowly and deliberately takes aim, Buck drops to the ground in terror and crawls behind a wheel. McKay fires into the dirt, and Hannassey spits on Buck in disgust. As McKay and Julie start to leave, Buck grabs a gun from a ranch hand in order to kill McKay, but Hannassey shoots his son dead. {{listen}} Meanwhile, Terrill insists on riding into the canyon. Initially, Leech refuses to accompany him, and the other men follow his lead. However, after Terrill rides out alone, Leech catches up with him. The remaining hands again align themselves with Leech by following. The group soon rides into a trap in the canyon. Acknowledging the truth of McKay\'s accusation, Hannassey orders his men to stop shooting and challenges Terrill to a one-on-one showdown. Hannassey and Terrill kill each other, and McKay, Julie, and Ramon ride out of the canyon together.'] ['With no better offers to be had, famous American Civil War upstart officer George Armstrong Custer takes over the Western Cavalry maintaining the peace in the Dakotas. He soon learns that the U.S. treaties are a sham, that Indian lands are being stolen and every excuse for driving them off their hunting grounds is being encouraged. With his wife Elizabeth  Custer goes in and out of favor in Washington, while failing to keep wildcatting miners like his own deserting Sergeant Mulligan  from running off to prospect for gold in Indian country. After trying to humble the prideful Indian warrior Sitting Bull , Custer leads the 7th Cavalry into defeat.'] [' The film portrays two conflicts that take place around Flagstone, a fictional town in the American Old West: a land battle related to construction of a railroad, and a mission of vengeance against a cold-blooded killer. The main storyline revolves around a struggle for Sweetwater, a piece of land near Flagstone containing the region\'s only water source. The land was bought by Brett McBain, who foresaw that the railroad would have to pass through that area to provide water for the steam locomotives. When railroad tycoon Morton learns of this, he sends his hired gun Frank to simply intimidate McBain to move off the land, but Frank instead kills McBain and his three children, planting evidence on the scene to frame the bandit Cheyenne and his gang. By the time McBain\'s new bride, Jill, arrives from New Orleans, the family is dead and she is the owner of the land.  Meanwhile, a mysterious harmonica-playing gunman, whom Cheyenne later dubs "Harmonica", pursues Frank. In the film\'s opening scene, Harmonica kills three men sent by Frank to kill him, and, in a roadhouse on the way to Sweetwater, he informs Cheyenne that the three gunfighters he killed appeared to be posing as Cheyenne\'s men. Sometime later, Harmonica kills two men sent by Frank to kill Jill. Back at Sweetwater, construction materials are delivered to build a railroad station and a small town. Harmonica explains to Cheyenne that Jill will lose Sweetwater unless the station is built by the time the track\'s construction crews reach that point, and Cheyenne puts his men to work building it.  Meanwhile, Frank turns against Morton, who wanted to make a deal with Jill. Frank\'s betrayal is made easy by the fact that Morton is crippled. After having his way with her, Frank forces Jill to sell the property in an auction. He tries to buy the farm cheaply by intimidating the other bidders, but Harmonica arrives, holding Cheyenne at gunpoint, and makes a much higher bid based on his reward money for delivering Cheyenne to the authorities. After rebuffing another intimidation attempt by Frank, Harmonica sells the farm back to Jill. At this point, some of Frank\'s men try to kill Frank, having been paid by Morton to turn against him, but Harmonica helps Frank kill them in order to save that privilege for himself. After Morton and the rest of Frank\'s men are killed in a battle with Cheyenne\'s gang, Frank goes to Sweetwater to confront Harmonica. On two occasions, Frank has asked Harmonica who he is, but both times Harmonica refused to answer him. Instead, he mysteriously quoted names of men Frank has murdered. The two men position themselves for a duel, at which point Harmonica\'s motive for revenge is revealed in a flashback: When Harmonica was a boy, Frank forced the boy to kill his own brother by tying a noose to the top of an arch, placing it around the brother\'s neck, and forcing the struggling Harmonica to support his brother on his shoulders with a harmonica in his mouth. Harmonica draws first and shoots Frank, and when Frank again asks who he is, he puts the harmonica in Frank\'s mouth. Frank nods weakly in recognition and dies. With Frank dead, Harmonica and Cheyenne say goodbye to Jill, who is supervising construction of the train station as the track-laying crews reach Sweetwater. Cheyenne collapses, revealing that he was shot during the fight with Frank\'s gang. The work train arrives, Jill is carrying water to the rail workers, and Harmonica rides off with Cheyenne\'s body.'] ['The film is framed by the reminiscences of 121-year-old Jack Crabb , who recounts his colorful life story to a curious historian ([[William Hickey . Among other things, Crabb had been a captive of the Cheyenne, a gunslinger, an associate of Wild Bill Hickok , and a scout for General George Armstrong Custer . Having been adopted by the Cheyenne and reared in their culture, Crabb has perspective on both Caucasian and Native American life in the 19th century. Jack and his older sister Caroline  had survived the massacre of their parents\' wagon train by the Pawnee. Found by a Cheyenne warrior, Jack and his sister are taken back to a Cheyenne village. Caroline manages to escape on horseback, but Jack is reared by good-hearted tribal leader Old Lodge Skins . Life among the Cheyenne proves to be idyllic, though Jack unwittingly makes an enemy of another boy, Younger Bear ; however, Younger Bear eventually owes his life to Jack, who saves him from a Pawnee warrior. Jack is given the name "Little Big Man" because he\'s short but very brave. When Jack is 16, he is recaptured by U.S. cavalry troopers and renounces his Native American upbringing in order to save himself. He is put in the care of Reverend Silas Pendrake  and his sexually frustrated wife, Louise , who tries to seduce Jack. Jack cannot accept the contradiction between Louise\'s piety and sexual appetite, and he eventually leaves the Pendrake household. Jack becomes the apprentice of the snake-oil salesman Merriweather . The two are tarred and feathered when their customers realize that Merriweather\'s products are fraudulent. One of the angry customers happens to be Jack\'s sister, Caroline. Once Caroline realizes that one of the men she helped to tar and feather was her brother, they reunite. She attempts to mold her brother into a gunslinger named the Soda Pop Kid . Jack meets Wild Bill Hickok at a saloon, and Hickok takes a liking to the young man. When Hickok is forced to kill a man in self-defense, Jack loses his taste for gunslinging and Caroline deserts him. Jack next becomes a partner in a general store and marries a Swedish woman named Olga . Unfortunately, Jack\'s business partner turns out to be a thieving scoundrel and Jack is forced to close the store. The famous cavalry officer George Armstrong Custer happens upon the scene and suggests the couple re-start their lives further west. Jack and Olga set out, but their stagecoach is ambushed by Cheyenne. Olga is abducted and Jack sets out in search for her. During his quest, he is reunited with Old Lodge Skins, who is overjoyed Jack has returned to the tribe. Younger Bear has become a contrary  and, having been humiliated by Jack years before, is still bitter. After a short stay with the tribe, Jack continues his search for Olga. He eventually becomes a "muleskinner" in Custer\'s 7th Cavalry, hoping to obtain information on Olga. He takes part in a battle against the Cheyenne, but when the 7th troopers begin killing women and children, Jack becomes enraged and turns on them. Nearby, Jack discovers a Cheyenne woman, Sunshine , giving birth. He saves Sunshine from the marauding troopers and returns with her to Old Lodge Skins\'s tribe. Sunshine becomes his wife and bears him a child. Jack again encounters Younger Bear, who has undergone another life change. No longer a contrary, Younger Bear is now the henpecked husband of the long-lost Olga, who is now living as a Cheyenne woman. Olga does not recognize Jack, who makes no attempt to remind her of their previous relationship. Sunshine asks Jack to take in her three widowed sisters as wives and to father children with them. He is reluctant at first, but finally agrees and has sex with all three; the first time all on the same night, exhausting Jack. One day during the winter season, Custer and the 7th Cavalry make a surprise attack on the Cheyenne camp. A now-blind and elderly Old Lodge Skins is saved by Jack, but Sunshine and their child are killed along with her sisters. Jack tries to infiltrate Custer\'s camp to exact revenge. At a crucial moment, with knife in hand, Jack loses his nerve, and is mocked by Custer for it. Disheartened, Jack becomes the town drunk in Deadwood, South Dakota. While in a drunken stupor, he is recognized by Wild Bill Hickok, who gives him money to clean up. When Jack returns to the bar, Hickok is shot and killed. With his last breath, Hickok expresses a dying wish involving a widow he was having an affair with. Jack goes to see the widow, a prostitute who turns out to be Louise Pendrake. Jack gives her the money that Hickok intended for her to use to start a new life. Jack soon becomes a trapper and hermit. His mind becomes unhinged after coming across an empty trap with a severed animal limb. Poised at the edge of a cliff, he prepares to commit suicide. Jack suddenly hears the faint chords of the traditional cavalry tune "Garryowen" echoing through a valley and spots Custer and his troops marching nearby. Jack decides to exact revenge. Custer, who remembers that Jack once tried to assassinate him, hires him as a scout, reasoning that anything Jack says will be a lie, thus serving as a perfect reverse barometer. Jack leads the troops into a trap at the Little Bighorn. Before the attack, Jack truthfully tells Custer of the overwhelming force of Native Americans hidden within the valley of the Little Bighorn. Custer does not believe him and leads the 7th Cavalry to its doom. During the frantic battle, Custer begins to rave insanely. Ignoring the closing circle of warriors, Custer points his pistol at Jack. Before he can pull the trigger, Custer is killed by Younger Bear, who removes the unconscious, wounded Jack from the battle by carrying him to Old Lodge Skins\' tepee. Having thus discharged his life debt, Younger Bear tells Jack that, the next time they meet, he can kill him without becoming an evil person. Jack accompanies Old Lodge Skins to a nearby hill where the aged, weary leader decides to end his life. He offers his spirit to the Great Spirit, and lies down to wait for death. Instead, it begins to rain. Old Lodge Skins sighs and says, "Sometimes the magic works, and sometimes it doesn\'t". They return to his tepee to have dinner. Jack\'s narrative ends and he dismisses the historian, while thinking with sadness about the memories of a world which is no more.'] ['In the 1830s in the Rocky Mountains, fur trapper Flint Mitchell  meets at the summer "Rendezvous" with other mountain men, cashing in his furs, drinking, and enjoying contests among his friends. He organizes a hunting "brigade" into the beaver-rich Blackfoot territory, buying horses and recruiting trappers, despite protests from his Scottish friend and former trading partner, Brecan , who lives among the Blackfoot and warns him that the land belongs to them. Flint outbids Brecan for Kamiah , the granddaughter of Blackfoot medicine man Bear Ghost and adopted daughter of a Nez Perce chief, Looking Glass . Brecan wants to return her to the Blackfoot, to promote peace between the tribes, while Flint wants to marry Kamiah and ensure the brigade\'s safety. Pierre , a French Canadian trapper, and Captain Humberstone Lyon , another Scotsman, who fought in the Battle of Waterloo, join Flint on the dangerous expedition. Kamiah successfully guides Flint and his men on their trek through the high passes filled with crippling snow drifts and delivers them to the Blackfoot territory, where they build a stockade. Flint narrowly escapes capture and death by Ironshirt , a young Blackfoot prince and war chief, who kills Baptiste DuNord, one of Flint\'s best trappers. Ironshirt steals the brigade\'s horses, but Flint impresses Bear Ghost ([[Jack Holt , who orders them returned. Though he marries Kamiah for reasons other than love, and cannot speak her language, Flint falls in love with her. As Flint and Kamiah grow closer, Flint and Bear Ghost become good friends. Bear Ghost prevents Ironshirt from harming Flint and his men, but catastrophe strikes when Roy DuNord, another of Flint\'s men, kills Bear Ghost to avenge his brother\'s death. Although Brecan kills Roy, and Flint sinks into a grieving depression over the death of Bear Ghost, Ironshirt succeeds Bear Ghost as chief and resumes his campaign to drive the white trappers out of his country. In the spring, Kamiah gives birth to a boy, Chip. On the way to Rendezvous, the brigade is attacked by a large war party under Ironshirt and Kamiah is killed. With Chip strapped to its back, Kamiah\'s horse bolts during the attack and is chased by Ironshirt, intent on killing the boy. Flint manages to kill Ironshirt, however, and rescue his son. As the years pass, Flint takes Chip to live in the Blackfoot camp, where, Flint believes, Kamiah would have wanted him. Although Flint intends to have the boy formally educated in the East, Chip persuades him year after year to postpone his schooling, learning the ways of the mountains from his father.'] ['In a desolate ghost town during the American Civil War, bandit Tuco Ramirez  narrowly shoots his way past three bounty hunters to freedom, killing two but only badly wounding the third. Miles away, Angel Eyes  interrogates a former soldier called Stevens  about a missing man named Jackson who has taken on the name "Bill Carson"  and a cache of stolen Confederate gold. He brutally guns down Stevens and his eldest son after the interrogation, but not before Stevens pays Angel Eyes to kill Angel Eyes\' employer, another former soldier named Baker. Angel Eyes later collects his fee for Stevens\' killing from Baker, and then shoots and kills him, too. Meanwhile, during Tuco\'s flight across the desert he runs into a group of bounty hunters who prepare to capture him when they are approached by Blondie , a mysterious lone gunman who challenges the hunters to the draw, which he wins with lightning speed. Initially elated, Tuco is enraged when Blondie delivers him up to the local authorities for the reward money of $2,000. Hours later, as Tuco awaits his execution, Blondie surprises the authorities and frees Tuco by shooting the execution rope; the two later meet to split the reward money, revealing their lucrative money-making scheme. After Tuco\'s bounty is raised to $3,000, the two repeat the process at another town before Blondie, weary of Tuco\'s incessant complaints about the dividing of the profits from their scheme, abandons him in the desert, keeping all of the money. A livid Tuco manages to make it to another town and rearm himself with a revolver. Some time later in another town, Tuco enlists three outlaws to come with him to kill Blondie. As the three men break into Blondie\'s room, Blondie shoots and kills all three of them, but to Blondie\'s surprise Tuco climbs up through his back window and aims his gun at Blondie and captures him while a skirmish between Union and Confederate troops rages on outside. As Tuco prepares to kill Blondie by fashioning a noose and forcing Blondie to put it around his neck, a cannonball hits the hotel and demolishes the room, allowing Blondie to escape. Following a relentless search, Tuco captures Blondie as he is using the same scheme with another partner  and marches him across the harsh desert. When Blondie finally collapses from dehydration and heatstroke, Tuco prepares to kill him but pauses when a runaway ambulance carriage appears on the horizon heading their way. Inside, while looting the dead soldiers, Tuco discovers a dying Bill Carson, who reveals that $200,000 in stolen Confederate gold is buried in a grave in Sad Hill cemetery but falls unconscious before naming the grave. When Tuco returns with water, he discovers Carson dead and Blondie slumped against the carriage beside Carson\'s body. Before passing out, Blondie says that Carson told him the name on the grave, so now Tuco and Blondie know half of the secret of the location but neither can get the gold without the help of the other. Tuco takes Blondie  to a Catholic mission run by Tuco\'s older brother Father Pablo. Tuco nurses Blondie back to health, and the two leave, still disguised. They inadvertently encounter a force of Union soldiers . They are captured and marched to a Union prison camp. At the camp, Corporal Wallace  calls the roll. Tuco answers for Bill Carson, catching the attention of Angel Eyes, now disguised as a Union Sergeant stationed at the camp. Angel Eyes has Wallace viciously beat and torture Tuco into revealing Sad Hill Cemetery as the location of the gold, but Tuco also confesses that only Blondie knows the name on the grave. Convinced that Blondie would not be easily broken, Angel Eyes offers to take Tuco\'s place in the partnership to recover the gold. Blondie agrees and rides out with Angel Eyes and his posse. Meanwhile, Tuco escapes while being transported by train to his execution, killing Corporal Wallace in the process. We next see Angel Eyes\' gang, including Blondie, arriving in a town that\'s rapidly being evacuated due to heavy artillery fire. Tuco, wandering aimlessly through the wreckage of that same town, is oblivious of the bounty hunter that survived at the start of the movie , who tracks and ambushes Tuco who is taking a bath in an abandoned building. Despite the surprise, Tuco shoots and kills the bounty hunter. Blondie investigates the gunshot, finding Tuco and informing him of Angel Eyes\'s involvement. The two resume their old partnership, stalking through the wrecked town and killing Angel Eyes\' henchmen before discovering that Angel Eyes has escaped and left an insulting note for them. Tuco and Blondie find their way to Sad Hill Cemetery, but it is blocked by large Union and Confederate forces who are separated only by a narrow bridge. Each side is preparing to fight for it, but apparently both sides have been ordered not to destroy the bridge. Reasoning that if the bridge were destroyed "these idiots would go somewhere else to fight", Blondie and Tuco wire the bridge with dynamite. During the process, the two trade information, Tuco revealing Sad Hill Cemetery as the gold\'s location and Blondie saying that the name on the grave is Arch Stanton. The two then take cover as the bridge blows up and the two armies resume their battle. The next morning, the Confederate and Union soldiers have gone. Tuco abandons Blondie  to retrieve the gold for himself at the cemetery. Frantically searching the sea of makeshift tombstones and grave markers, Tuco finally locates Arch Stanton\'s grave. As he digs, Blondie appears  and tosses him a shovel. A second later, the two are surprised by Angel Eyes, who holds them at gunpoint. Blondie kicks open Stanton\'s grave to reveal just a skeleton. Declaring that only he knows the real name of the grave, Blondie writes it on a rock in the middle of the graveyard and tells Tuco and Angel Eyes that "two hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money. We\'re going to have to earn it." The three stare each other down in the circular center of the cemetery, calculating alliances and dangers in a Mexican standoff before suddenly drawing. Blondie shoots Angel Eyes, who tries to shoot Blondie while he is down only to be shot by Blondie again and roll into an open grave, dead. Tuco also tries to shoot Angel Eyes, but discovers that Blondie had unloaded his gun the night before. Blondie directs Tuco to the grave marked "Unknown" next to Arch Stanton\'s. Tuco digs and is overjoyed to find bags of gold inside, but is shocked when he turns to Blondie and finds himself staring at a noose. Seeking a measure of revenge for what Tuco has done to him, Blondie forces Tuco to stand atop a tottery grave marker and fixes the noose around his neck, binding Tuco\'s hands before riding off with his share of the gold. As Tuco screams for mercy, Blondie\'s silhouette returns on the horizon, aiming a rifle at him. Blondie fires a single shot and severs the noose rope, dropping Tuco face-first onto his share of the gold. Blondie smiles and rides off as Tuco, who has his gold but is tied up and has no horse, curses him in rage by shouting "Hey Blondie! You know what you are? Just a dirty son of a bitch!"'] ["The film presents an idealized image of the construction of the American first transcontinental railroad. It culminates with the scene of driving of the golden spike at Promontory Summit on May 10, 1869. There is a note in the title before this scene that the two original locomotives from 1869 event are used in the film, although this is false - both engines (Union Pacific No. 119 and [[ Jupiter  were scrapped before 1910. Of course, a romantic story with love, treachery and revenge is also here. Main stars were George O'Brien and Madge Bellamy."] ['The film follows the events leading up to the capture of Geronimo in 1886. The Apache Indians have reluctantly agreed to settle on a U.S. Government approved reservation. Not all the Apaches are able to adapt to the life of corn farmers, and one in particular, Geronimo, is restless. Pushed over the edge by broken promises and unnecessary actions by the government, Geronimo and 30 other warriors form an attack team which humiliates the government by evading capture, while reclaiming what is rightfully theirs.'] 