["Dr. Emil Hobbes  is conducting unorthodox experiments with parasites for use in transplants, however, he believes that humanity has become over-rational and lost contact with its flesh and its instincts, so the effects of the organism he actually develops is a combination of aphrodisiac and venereal disease. Once implanted, it causes uncontrollable sexual desire in the host. Hobbes implants the parasites in his teen-aged mistress, who promiscuously spreads them throughout the ultra-modern apartment building, outside Montreal, where they live. The community's resident physician, Roger St. Luc , and his assistant, Nurse Forsythe  attempt to stop the parasite infestation before it overwhelms the city's population."] ['In 1918, against the background of political events following the Russo-Japanese War, a geisha serves a new customer. Though he is about to be married, and it is against the rules, she falls in love with him.'] ["Vera  is a femme fatale for the 21st century: a beautiful, capricious young woman living in New York who begins exploring the limits of her sexual and intellectual power. She picks up men on the street and has sex with them in her apartment. She also videotapes a sexual romp with a female lover, and has sexually frank discussions with her potential employer. As the daughter of wealthy, indulgent parents, Vera seems to be improvising her way through the beginning of her life as an adult. Her boyfriend, Ford, is a fast-talking hustler prepared to do anything to make a buck. Aware of Vera's promiscuity, Ford sees a chance to make big money when he meets an aging Italian media mogul, named Count Tommaso, who is enamored of Vera because of her sexuality, her intelligence, and what he perceives as her naiveté. Ford cooks up an idea to pimp Vera out to the Count for $100,000, easy money, if he can only talk Vera into it. Incredibly, she agrees. Everything appears to be going even better than planned. But both men have gravely underestimated Vera, who has an agenda of her own. Ford and the Count unwittingly play right into her hands, and when her plan of deception and manipulation comes to fruition, the results are staggering."] ["Sasori is outside the prison and on the run from the police, wanted for breaking out of prison and murder. On her trail is detective Kondo . She takes refuge with a woman who has a brother with a learning disability. The woman and her brother are also involved in an incestuous relationship. Both the police and an ex-prison mate of Sasori's pursue her."] ['On her honeymoon, Yūki discovers that her new husband Tarō is not inspired to perform sexually in bed, but prefers the restroom.{{cite web}}'] ['23-year-old psychiatric patient Ricky has been deemed cured and is released from a mental institution. Until then he has been the lover of the woman director of the hospital. An orphan, free, and alone, his goal is to have a normal life with Marina Ozores, an actress, former porn star, and recovering drug addict, whom he once slept with during an escape from the asylum. Ricky discovers Marina’s whereabouts from a film journal announcement of the start of her next film. He goes to the studio where Marina is in her last day at work filming The Midnight Phantom, a Euro-horror film about a hideously mutilated, masked muscleman in love with Marina’s character. The film is directed by Máximo Espejo, an old film director confined to a wheelchair after a stroke. Máximo is a gentle mentor to Marina and threatens to throw out a journalist who mentions the words "porn" and "junkie" in Marina’s presence. His protection of the actress is not completely innocent since he is sexually attracted to Marina and lusts after her, enjoying what could be his last experience of directing a sexy female lead. When Ricky comes to the set, he steals a few necessary items including the keys to Marina’s apartment and before long, he is an unwelcome presence in her life. Ricky, with a long-haired wig, does a handstand to try to capture her attention. Marina does not remember him and quickly dismisses him. After filming the last scene, Marina goes home to change for the post-shoot party. Ricky follows her to her apartment. When she answers the door, Ricky forces his way in. He grabs her and headbutts her to silence her when she screams; he tapes her mouth and binds her with rope. Marina wakes with a terrible toothache, which normal painkillers do not relieve as she is addicted to stronger drugs. Ricky explains that he has captured her so that when she gets to know him better she will fall in love and they will get married and have children. "I\'ll never love you, ever," says Marina, understandably enraged at being handcuffed, gagged and lashed to the bed. "We\'ll see," says Ricky, who would do anything to win her heart. Marina is shocked and in pain, and eventually persuades Ricky to take her to a doctor who can give her the necessary painkillers. Ricky barely leaves her alone with the doctor, and she is unable to communicate her plight. They cannot get the drugs in the pharmacy so Ricky goes off to get them on the black market. However, rather than paying the street price, he attacks the dealer to get the tablets. During the after-filming party Marina’s sister, Lola, who is the assistant director of The Midnight Phantom, steals the show with a musical number. Increasingly worried about her sister’s disappearance, Lola visits Marina\'s apartment and leaves a note. To avoid being discovered, Ricky moves Marina to her next door neighbor’s apartment. The apartment is empty, but the owner has left his keys with Lola so she can water his plants while he is away during the summer. In the street again, Ricky is spotted by the dealer who he had attacked, and is seriously beaten and left unconscious. During his absence Marina makes a desperate but somewhat halfhearted attempt to escape from her captivity. However when he returns covered with bruises and cuts, she sees his vulnerability and devotion to her, no matter how misguided. She cares for him, binding his wounds, and is suddenly struck by the realization that she has fallen in love with her captor. They make love at length and Ricky seems to be on the verge of achieving his aim. They decide to take a trip together to his native village. When he is about to leave to steal a car for the trip, Marina, who still considers herself his prisoner, tells him to keep her tied up so that she won\'t try to escape. However, in Ricky’s absence, Lola reenters the apartment and discovers Marina tied up and rescues her. Marina informs her sister that she is in love with her captor. Lola is astonished to learn that Marina really no longer wants to be rescued, but once convinced, she agrees to drive Marina to Ricky\'s birthplace. They find him there in the ruins of his family house in a deserted village, then the three climb into Lola\'s car to return to the city. Lola promises Ricky she will find him a job, Marina cries with happiness, and they drive off together into the distance singing, like a regular family.'] ['In 1936 Tokyo, Sada Abe  is a former prostitute who now works as a maid in a hotel. The hotel\'s owner, Kichizo Ishida , molests her, and the two begin an intense affair that consists of sexual experiments, drinking, and various self-indulgences. Ishida leaves his wife and family to pursue his affair with Abe. Abe becomes increasingly possessive and jealous of Ishida, and Ishida more eager to please her. Their mutual obsession escalates to the point where Ishida finds he is most excited by being strangled during lovemaking, and he is killed in this fashion. Abe then severs his penis and writes, "Sada Kichi the two of us forever," in blood on his chest.'] ["In this romantic comedy, a blind girl falls in love with a man by listening to his voice, but she mistakes the man's friend to be the one with whom she is in love and begins dating him."] ["The movie revolves around Eun Sook , a lovely but promiscuous professor in a University, who has all the male professors wrapped around her finger. When a popular comic book artist Suk Gyu  joins the environmental awareness group that she belongs to, he attracts the jealously of Mr Yoo, a group member who fears that he would steal Eun Sook from him, even though Eun Sook does not return his intense love. What is not known to the rest is that Eun Sook and Suk Gyu attended the same junior high school where they share a secretive tragic history. Back then, Eun Sook was the girlfriend of Suk Gyu's older brother and the three rebellious teenagers indulged in sex promiscuously. Eun Sook worries that her past may be revealed. When Mr. Yoo starts snooping around Eun Sook and Suk Gyu's pasts, will their secret be kept and will they be together again?"] ['A writer  is invited to the house of a noblewoman  who adores free-thinkers. He attempts to seduce her but she insists that he tell her of his past love exploits. While doing so, he takes her through his time in prison where he was unknowingly incarcerated in the cell beside hers.'] ['A young woman in a village is involved in romantic entanglements during the preparation of a festival celebration.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04020|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["Saori is the wealthy, unfaithful wife of the impotent Kosaku. When she returns from a trip abroad, Tsumura, Kosaku's assistant, meets her and takes Saori to an apartment. There Tsumura rapes her and submits her to various sexual tortures while she is photographed by photo-journalist Tayama. Her husband, Kosaku uses the photographs to blackmail Saori into giving him control of the family estate. Saori is returned to her mansion, but kept in a cage in the basement where she is subjected to regular bouts of abuse from Tsumura. Besides rape, other indignities endured by Lady Saori include breast bondage, enemas and the insertion of hen's eggs into her vagina. After Kosaku dies from a stroke, Saori realizes that she has come to enjoy Tsumura's treatment.{{cite journal}}<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn222}}"] ['"Suite Nothings" is a sleazy L.A. phone-sex hot-line voiced by failed models. Among them is Bobo, a psychotic killer who dresses in a clown costume. He holds a murderous vendetta against his fellow hot-line workers.'] ['A bored housewife dreams of becoming a novelist. She enrolls in a writing class and commences an affair with her tutor.Sharp, p. 273.'] ["Kanako is a married woman who receives an invitation from Tomoe, a lesbian lover from her past, to attend a showing of artwork by Isaku, Tomoe's husband. Isaku's paintings have an S&M theme which surprises Kanako. Tomoe persuades Kanako to begin going with her to a class in which she is learning how to behave like a proper female dog. Kanako's husband, Eiichirō, is suspicious about her activities. After hiring a private detective and learning about her perverse hobbies, Eiichirō throws Kanako into a landfill. The film ends with Eiichirō apparently taking his dog for a walk. The camera pans down to show that, despite his apparent objections to her lessons, Eiichirō is in fact walking Kanako, who is on all fours on a dog leash.{{cite book}}"] ['Caligula , the young heir to the throne of the syphilis-ridden, half-mad Emperor Tiberius , thinks he has received a bad omen after a blackbird flies into his room early one morning. Shortly afterward, Macro , the head of the Praetorian Guards, appears to tell the young man that his great uncle  demands that he report at once to the Island of Capri, where Tiberius has been residing for a number of years with a close friend Nerva , a dim-witted relative Claudius , and Caligula\'s younger stepbrother Gemellus  . Fearing assassination, Caligula is afraid to leave, but his beloved sister Drusilla  convinces him to go. At Capri, Caligula finds his uncle has become depraved, showing signs of advanced venereal diseases, and embittered with Rome and politics. Tiberius enjoys watching degrading sexual shows, often including children and various freaks of nature. Caligula observes with a mixture of fascination and horror. Tensions rise when Tiberius jokingly tries to poison Caligula in front of Gemellus. After Nerva commits suicide on the prospect of Caligula\'s rule, Tiberius collapses from a stroke, leaving Macro and Caligula planning a way to hasten the latter\'s ascent to the throne. Late one night, Macro escorts all the spectators out of Tiberius\' bedchamber to allow Caligula the opportunity to murder his uncle, but when he fails, Macro finishes the deed himself by strangling Tiberius with a scarf. Caligula triumphantly removes the imperial signet from Tiberius\'s finger and suddenly realizes that Gemellus has witnessed the murder. Tiberius is buried with honors and Caligula is proclaimed the new Emperor; he in turn proclaims Drusilla his equal, to the apparent disgust of the Senate. Afterwards, Drusilla, fearful of Macro\'s influence, convinces Caligula to get rid of him. Caligula obliges by setting up a mock trial in which Gemellus is intimidated into testifying that Macro alone murdered Tiberius. With the powerful Macro gone, Caligula appoints Tiberius\'s former adviser Longinus  as his right-hand man, and pronounces the docile Senator Chaerea  as the new head of the Praetorian Guard. Drusilla endeavors to find Caligula a wife amongst the priestesses of the goddess Isis, the cult they secretly practice. Caligula only wants to marry Drusilla, but when she refuses because she is actually his sister, he spitefully marries Caesonia , a known courtesan, but only after she bears him an heir. Caligula proves to be a popular but eccentric ruler, cutting taxes and overturning all the oppressive laws that Tiberius enacted. The Senate begins to dislike the young emperor for his eccentricities and various insults directed towards them. Darker aspects of his personality begin to emerge as well; he rapes a bride and groom on their wedding day because of a minor fit of jealousy, and orders the execution of Gemellus merely to provoke a reaction from Drusilla. After he discovers Caesonia is pregnant, Caligula suffers severe fever, but Drusilla nurses him back to health. Just as he fully recovers, Caesonia bears him a daughter, Julia Drusilla, and Caligula marries her on the spot. During the celebration, Drusilla collapses in Caligula\'s arms from the same fever he\'d suffered. Soon afterwards, Caligula receives another ill omen in the guise of a black bird. He rushes to Drusilla\'s side and watches her die. Caligula has a nervous breakdown; he smashes a statue of Isis and drags Drusilla\'s body around the palace while screaming hysterically. Now in a deep depression, Caligula walks the Roman streets, disguised as a beggar; Caligula then causes a disturbance after watching an amateur performance mocking his relationship with Drusilla. After a brief stay in a city jail, Caligula proclaims himself a god and becomes determined to destroy the senatorial class, which he has come to loathe. His reign becomes a series of humiliations against the foundations of Rome; senators\' wives are forced to work in the service of the state as prostitutes, estates are confiscated, the old religion is desecrated, and he initiates an absurd war on Britain to humiliate the army; the army never actually fights in Britain, but is ordered to attack stalks of papyrus on the shores. It is obvious to the senators and the military that Caligula must be assassinated, and Longinus conspires with Chaerea to carry out the deed. Caligula wanders into his bedroom where a nervous Caesonia awaits him. The blackbird makes a final appearance, but only Caesonia is frightened of it. The next morning, after rehearsing an Egyptian play, Caligula and his family are attacked as they leave the stadium in a coup headed by Chaerea. His wife and daughter are brutally murdered and Chaerea himself stabs Caligula in the stomach. With his final breaths, he defiantly whimpers "I live!" As Caligula and his family\'s bodies are thrown down the marble steps and their blood is washed off the marble floor, Claudius is proclaimed the new Emperor.'] ["Continuing the storyline started in Madame Aema 4, Aema's husband is still carrying on an affair with the Japanese woman, Hanako. After much romantic complication, just as Aema decides to divorce her husband she discovers that he has died in Japan because of Hanako.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04443|title2009-06-26|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}"] ["Jay  is a bartender who abandoned his family, because his wife lost interest in him and their relationship. Now living alone in a decrepit house, he has casual weekly sex with an anonymous woman , whose name he doesn't know. At first, their relationship is purely physical, but he eventually falls in love with her. Wanting to know more about her, Jay follows her across the streets of London to the grey suburbs where she lives. He then follows her to a theatre pub where she is working as an actress in the evenings. Jay learns that her name is Claire, and has a husband  and a son. Subsequently, he terminates the relationship, as he thinks of his own sons, whom he loves and misses. They meet for a final time, and have sex with an intimacy that has been missing during the illicit sex sessions of their previous encounters."] ['Nora  is a young American woman of Irish origin who suffers from alcoholism. She and her husband Jim  are coming home from a night of drinking when Nora suffers an accident, tumbling down the stairs of their New York apartment building. Nora survives the fall, but is soon visited by headaches, nosebleeds and hallucinations. Determined to dry out for the sake of their young son, the couple head to Ireland where they pay a visit Nora\'s grandmother and Uncle Bill Ferriter  in their huge, labrynthinian mansion. Uncle Bill harbors a dark and fascinating secret in the basement: the perfectly preserved, mummified remains of a Druid witch; one of the "bog-men". It is revealed that this corpse is a distant ancestor of Nora\'s. Uncle Bill explains to her that the druid witch was neither good nor evil in her life, but more like a force of nature. However, the witch comes to life and attempts to steal the body, soul and identity of her hapless descendant.'] ['Sayo is running a travelling BDSM show with her husband, where she plays the bottom, and gets increasingly bored with her life. During their tour in Kyoto, they are arranged by a well-off couple who ask for a private show, without knowing that they will eventually be forced for the "real thing".{{cite web}}'] [" The film revolves around Erin Grant , a former FBI secretary, who loses custody of her young daughter Angela to her ex-husband Darrell . In order to afford an appeal, Erin becomes a stripper at the Eager Beaver, a Miami strip club. A Congressman named David Dilbeck  visits the club and immediately begins to adore Grant. Aware of Dilbeck's embarrassing indulgences, another Eager Beaver patron approaches Erin with a plan to manipulate the Congressman to settle the custody dispute in Erin's favor. However, Dilbeck has powerful business connections who want to ensure he remains in office. Consequently, those who can embarrass him in an election are murdered. Meanwhile, Erin retrieves her daughter from her negligent husband. Dilbeck's personal interest in Erin persists, and she is invited to perform privately for him. He asks her to become his lover and later his wife, despite his staff's concerns that she knows too much. A debate occurs as to whether to kill Erin or simply keep her quiet by threatening to take away her daughter . However, Erin and a police officer  begin to suspect the Congressman's guilt in the murders, and Erin concocts a plan to bring the Congressman to justice. She tricks him into confessing on tape, and he is soon after arrested. Thus, Erin regains full custody of Angela, and Darrell returns to prison."] ["Julian Kaye  is a male escort in Los Angeles whose job supports his expensive taste in cars, stereophonic equipment, cocaine and clothes. He is, at times, blatantly narcissistic and superficial; however, he claims to take some pleasure in his work from being able to sexually satisfy women. When on an assignment for his primary procuress, Anne , he meets Michelle Stratton , the unhappy wife of a local politician, who becomes interested in him. Julian's other pimp, Leon , sends him to the house of a financier, Mr. Rheiman, who asks Julian to physically abuse and have sex with his wife while he watches them. As Julian begins to get to know Michelle, he learns that the financier's wife, Mrs. Rheiman, was murdered. Los Angeles Police Department Detective Sunday  investigates Julian as a primary suspect. Though he was with a client, Lisa Williams , on the night of the murder, the client refuses to give Julian an alibi in order to protect her and her husband's reputations. As Julian's relationship with Michelle deepens, suspicion of the murder mounts against him. He soon realizes that he is being framed and grows increasingly desperate. His mounting anguish is visually represented by a degeneration in style as his clothes become rumpled, he goes unshaven, and he even rents a cheap commuter car after his Mercedes SL has been tampered with. Julian finally confronts Leon, who confesses that one of the other, younger gigolos who works for him had killed the wealthy man's wife, and Leon had conceived the plan to frame Julian. After an argument, Julian accidentally pushes Leon over the apartment balcony and he falls to his death. With no one to help him, Julian ends up in jail, awaiting trial for the murder. However, when all seems lost, Michelle risks her reputation and that of her husband to provide Julian with the alibi that can save him from prison."] ["Gia Carangi  is a Philadelphia native who moves to New York City to become a fashion model and immediately catches the attention of powerful agent Wilhelmina Cooper . Gia's attitude and beauty help her rise quickly to the forefront of the modeling industry, but her persistent loneliness after the death of Wilhelmina drives her to experiment with mood-altering drugs like cocaine. She becomes entangled in a passionate affair with Linda , a make-up artist. Their love affair first starts when both pose nude and make love to each other after a photo shoot. However, after a while Linda begins to worry about Gia's drug use and gives her an ultimatum: Gia chooses the drugs. Failed attempts at reconciliation with Linda and with her mother, Kathleen , drive Gia to begin abusing heroin. Although she is eventually able to break her drug habit after much effort, she has already contracted HIV from a needle containing infected blood and dies from complications from AIDS in 1986 at the age of 26."] ["A man travels to a countryside town seeking employment. He becomes romantically involved with a woman who cannot smile, and works for her parents' printing company. When he learns that his girlfriend in Tokyo has disappeared he returns to look for her. Screenwriter Kenji Fukuma based the script on his poetry.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title 485|yearVital Books : Asian Cult Cinema Publications|location1-889288-52-7}}"] ["The story is about a lustful scholar  who dares to challenge the moral teachings of the Sack Monk. The monk attempts to lecture the scholar that spiritual enlightenment transcends the passions of the flesh but the scholar, who enjoys women, naturally doesn't agree. However, the most powerful man in the town marries his daughter, played by Amy Yip, to the Scholar. The daughter is a virgin and has been taught that sex is dirty. The scholar, after a disastrous yet humorous wedding night, soon initiates his bride into the pleasures of sex, aided greatly by the illustrations of a copy of said sex manual that he owns. But soon, the amorous husband goes about his 'scholastic travels' where he meets the greatest thief known to man. The thief is able to sneak into people's houses undetected, and the scholar wants to learn this skill so that he can sleep with other men's wives. The thief was initially willing to help him, until he catches the scholar one day and discovers that the scholar is not very well-endowed. The thief tells the scholar that stealing other men's wives requires both good lovemaking skills and equipment. The thief promises to help the scholar only if he has a horse's penis. Of course, the thief didn't think it was possible, until the scholar returned one day, indeed, with a horse's penis attached as his own. Apparently, the scholar met a doctor who was able to replace anatomical parts .  The doctor managed to transplant a horse's penis to replace the scholar's meager one. Armed with his new 20-inch penis, the scholar goes on a sexual rampage, not caring if he is seducing other men's wives, or is nearly caught in the process. Meanwhile, the scholar's wife, after experiencing the joys of sex, becomes sexually frustrated. She tried masturbating with paintbrushes but is left unsatisfied until she has an affair with the gardener, the husband of one of the wives the scholar seduced. She becomes pregnant and runs away with the man, who persuades her to have an abortion. She soon finds solace in a brothel where she perfects her sexual skills to become the top courtesan. Meanwhile, the scholar husband has become frail and sick due to too much sex . He goes to the brothel for treatment, where he is offered the top courtesan. At first, both husband and wife cannot recognize each other; she looked at his penis and thought it couldn't be her husband's because his was small; he couldn't recognize her because his eyesight was failing. While they were having sex, he takes a close look at her figure and nipple and recognizes her. To her dismay, he screams, shouts and calls her a disgrace. To his dismay, she runs off and hangs herself. The man, completely broken, goes back to the monk to ask for forgiveness."] ['A group of five policemen engages in all sorts of corrupt activity including the rape of a girl resulting in her death. They rob a church of funds intended to go to Vietnamese refugees. During the investigation of the robbery, they use their position to frame a local teenage gang.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn349}}'] ['Aema is married to a Professor Noh in this entry in the Aema Buin series. Professor Noh has become obsessed with sex through his research and wild experiences abroad. Consequently he is dissatisfied with Aema. Aema has an affair with a professional wrestler who resembles her first boyfriend, then seeks forgiveness from her husband. When their reconciliation proves a failure, Aema wanders the streets in despair.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation03911|title2009-06-25|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}'] ["Vittorio  is a goldsmith looking for a very thin woman to make golden figurines of. He meets a model, Sonia , whom he finds too fat. Somehow he manages to convince her to lose weight to an unhealthy degree. No one wants to buy Vittorio's figurines of Sonia, and his goldsmith shop is repo'd. Vittorio discovers food Sonia has sneaked in and beats her up. She tries to kill him but fails."] ["Melissa  is a shy 15-year-old virgin who feels increasingly distant from her family. Her father works on a foreign oil rig and her mother  is too preoccupied with her housewife persona to notice that something is wrong with her daughter. The only person that senses Melissa's discomfort is her grandmother, Elvira . However, Melissa feels completely isolated when Elvira is carted off to a retirement home. Melissa's sexual education moves beyond her masturbation to a humiliating oral sex encounter behind the swimming pool with Daniele , the most attractive and wealthy local boy. Despite the less-than-romantic encounter, Melissa's crush on Daniele only increases. She fantasizes about Daniele to encourage an orgasm during gym class. She later loses her virginity, which again is not an idyllic encounter. Later she engages in a threesome with Daniele and his friend Arnaldo , fully realizing her sexual power and taking control of her sex life."] ["Sarah Morton , a middle-aged English mystery author, who has written a successful series of novels featuring a single detective, is having writer's block that is impeding her next book. Sarah's publisher, John Bosload , offers her his country house near Lacoste, France for some rest and relaxation. After becoming comfortable with the run of the house, Sarah's quietude is disrupted by a young woman claiming to be the publisher's daughter, Julie . She shows up one night claiming to be taking time off from work herself. She also claims that her mother used to be Bosload's mistress, but that he would not leave his family. Julie's sex life consists of one-night stands with various oafish men, and a competition of personalities develops between the two women. At first Sarah regards Julie as a distraction from her writing. She uses earplugs to allow her to sleep during Julie's noisy nighttime adventures, although she nonetheless has a voyeuristic fascination with them. Later she abandons the earplugs during one of Julie's trysts, beginning to envy Julie's lifestyle. The competition comes to the fore when a local waiter, Franck , is involved. Julie wants him but he appears to prefer the more mature Sarah, having struck up a relationship with her during her frequent lunches at the bistro. An unexpected tragedy occurs after a night of flirting among the three. After swimming together in the pool, Franck refuses to allow Julie to continue performing oral sex on him, once Sarah, who watches them from the balcony, throws a rock into the water. Franck feels frightened and tells Julie he is leaving. The next day, Franck is missing. While investigating Franck's disappearance, Sarah learns that Julie's mother has been dead for some time, though Julie had claimed that she was still alive. She returns to the villa, where a confused Julie thinks that Sarah is her mother and has a breakdown. She eventually recovers and confesses that Franck is dead because Julie repeatedly hit him over the head with a rock as he tried to leave her at the pool. His body is in one of the sheds. When Marcel  becomes suspicious of the mound of fresh soil where the body is buried, Sarah seduces the elderly gardener to distract him. Julie leaves, thanking Sarah for her help and leaving her the manuscript of an unpublished novel written by her late mother, which she had previously claimed that John made her burn. Sarah returns to England and visits her publisher's office with her new novel. His daughter also shows up just as Sarah is leaving, but is revealed to be a completely different girl than the one Sarah spent the weekend with."] ["Sachiko Hanai  works as a call girl or soap girl specializing in sexual roleplay, or cosplay. In her work, Sachiko portrays a home-tutor, hence the film's original title, Horny Home Tutor: Teacher’s Love Juice. While at a café after one job, she witnesses an altercation between two men, one a North Korean and the other from the Middle East, who turn out to be spies in the middle of a transaction. When the argument escalates to gun-play, Sachiko foolishly starts to take a cell-phone picture of the incident and is shot in the forehead. Rather than killing her, the bullet lodges in her brain and gives her extraordinary mental powers, including the ability to understand languages of which she previously had no knowledge, arcane philosophical insight, advanced mathematical knowledge, and ESP. After fleeing from the scene, she finds a metal cylinder in her pocket which contains a cloned copy of the finger of United States President George W. Bush. While waiting in Sachiko's house to reclaim the finger, the North Korean falls in love with her. Sachiko befriends and makes love to a philosophy professor and the professor hires her as his son's tutor. The professor's wife becomes suspicious and goes to a detective, who happens to be the man who shot Sachiko. Because Bush's fingerprint is capable of unleashing a nuclear holocaust, the North Korean wants the cylinder back. In the end he takes Sachiko and she uses her powers to direct them to a cave where they find a machine that can decide the fate of the world.Synopsis based on Official American website and {{cite web}} Palm Pictures has the American distribution rights and has promoted the film with their own trailers while Argo Pictures retains the original rights for Japan"] ["A prim and proper British couple, Fiona  and Nigel , are on a Mediterranean cruise ship to Istanbul, en route to India. They encounter another couple on the ship, the seductive French woman Mimi  and her American husband Oscar , a self-centered paraplegic: acerbic and cynical, he is jaded and a failure as a writer. The story unfolds as Oscar invites Nigel to his cabin. Nigel accepts the invitation because he is attracted to Mimi. In his cabin, Oscar recalls, in a series of episodes, how he and the much younger Mimi met on a bus in Paris and fell in love; and then how their relationship went horribly wrong. During a series of flashbacks, Oscar recounts how his and Mimi's love developed and took a darker turn. They explored bondage, sado-masochism and voyeurism. Slowly, their self-absorbed relationship decayed, and the bored Oscar tried to break-up with Mimi. She begged him to let her live with him under any conditions, and he took advantage of the opportunity to explore sadistic fantasies at her expense. Oscar increasingly subjected Mimi to public humiliation, until she became pregnant. Oscar persuaded her that he would be a terrible father and that she should have an abortion. While she was recovering, Oscar visited her and was shocked by her condition. He almost relented in his attempts to drive her away but instead promised her a holiday to the Caribbean. On the plane before departure, Oscar pretended that his luggage wouldn't fit in the overhead bin and went to find help from an attendant. He then abandoned the flight, leaving Mimi on board. Oscar's tale continues with him immersing himself in a world of parties and one-night stands for the next two years. This hedonistic lifestyle ended when he drunkenly stepped in front of a vehicle. A much more confident Mimi visited him in hospital, where he was recovering from minor injuries and a broken leg. By manipulating Oscar's traction device, the vengeful Mimi crippled Oscar, so that he became a paraplegic. Mimi then informed Oscar that she would look after him and moved back into the apartment to be his full-time caretaker. She reveled in dominating and humiliating him, to the extent that she seduced friends in front of him. Oscar was filled with self-loathing and, by the time of his meeting with Nigel, seems to believe that he deserves this treatment. Nigel is both shocked and appalled. However, he is intrigued by Mimi and encouraged by Oscar to have an affair with her but lacks the confidence or social skills to approach her directly. Fiona subtly and repeatedly warns him not to stray too far, and that anything he can do, she can do better. Nigel attempts to meet every night with Mimi, and lies to Fiona about his intentions in doing so. Later during a shipboard New Year's Eve party, Nigel attempts to dance seductively, albeit clumsily, with Mimi, but she seems only partially interested. Oscar tells him to try harder or risk losing her to another. As Nigel attempts again to woo Mimi, she informs him that Fiona has arrived and that she is watching them. Nigel hurriedly greets Fiona, and learns that Oscar had reminded her to come to the party. Fiona indicates to Nigel that she is not impressed with his behavior, then leaves him to approach Mimi. The two women take to the dance floor and, amidst vocal approval from the rest of the party-goers, begin to erotically dance with each other and then passionately embrace. The women then depart together, leaving behind a stunned, crestfallen, and heartbroken Nigel. Oscar's attempts to philosophize serve only to needle and enrage him. He goes outside clutching a bottle of liquor and screams his frustration into the wind and waves. Later, we see Nigel awaken from a drunken stupor and go looking for Fiona. He finds her sleeping with Mimi in Oscar's cabin, where Oscar claims that he has watched the women exhaust themselves sexually. Enraged, Nigel grabs Oscar's throat and Oscar warns him off at the point of a gun. Oscar then shoots the sleeping Mimi several times as Fiona awakens and cowers beside her. Oscar then commits suicide by blowing off the back of his head. At the end, we see the bodies of Oscar and Mimi being stretchered off the ship. Fiona and Nigel are left embracing one another and sobbing as the credits start to roll. In the midst of the intense, sexual narratives and the interactions aboard the ship, Nigel and Fiona also encounter a distinguished Indian gentleman , who is traveling with his very young daughter and who, with his child, represents stability and normality. As Nigel and Fiona collapse at the film's end, the gentleman encourages his little girl to comfort them."] ["Bun-nyeo, a girl in a mountain village loses her virginity to Myong-jun, the village vagabond. After both of her suitors die before they can wed Bun-nyeo, she moves to the city to work in a factory. Myong-jun persuades her to return to the village, but he is arrested for murder. As the film ends, Bun-nyeo is waiting for Myong-jun's release.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation03611|title2009-06-27|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}"] ['The film opens in the early 1980s where teenager Martin Asher  is seen fleeing from home, taking a bus in Canada. He befriends another teen on the bus, Matt Soulsby  and the two talk about their plans for the future. When their bus breaks down, the two decide to rent a car and drive all the way to Seattle. While Matt is changing a flat tire, Martin comments on how he and Matt are both about the same height, and pushes Matt in the way of an oncoming truck. He is last seen taking Matt\'s guitar and walking away singing in the fashion that Matt had been in the car. Twenty years later, a successful FBI profiler, Illeana Scott , is summoned to help out Canadian law enforcement in Montreal, to apprehend Asher, who has been killing people for years and assuming their identities as he travels across North America. Illeana has to adjust to working in a strange city with a police team that she does not really fit in with. Meanwhile, Mrs. Asher , Martin\'s mother, claims she has recently seen her son in Montreal and tells the police she truly believes Martin is evil. The team meets with art salesman James Costa , an eyewitness who saw Asher kill his last victim. James makes a drawing of Asher and, within a couple of days, Asher\'s apartment is found. Illeana discovers Asher\'s next target is Costa, so protecting him is priority number one. During the time they spend together, Illeana and James begin to develop feelings for each other, though Illeana refuses to become involved with him because of the ongoing case. After kidnapping Costa with Illeana in pursuit, Asher supposedly dies in a car accident and the case is closed. As Illeana is packing up in preparation to return home, Costa visits her in her motel room. Without saying anything, he undresses her and they make passionate love on a chest of drawers and the bed, surrounded by gruesome crime scene photos. The next morning, Illeana awakes to find herself partly covered in Costa\'s blood. At first, she fears he is dead, but then he awakes and they discover he had merely popped the stitches in his arm that he needed following the accident. As Costa has his stitches re-sewn in the hospital, Illeana is called down to the morgue as Mrs. Asher has come to identify the body presumed to be her son. The body turns out not to be her son\'s; Martin is still alive somewhere. An irritated Mrs. Asher leaves the morgue and gets into the elevator, but before Illeana can follow her in, the doors shut. When they finally open, Illeana sees James covered in blood, standing over a dead Mrs. Asher, realizing that Costa is Asher, and that Asher killed the actual Costa months ago. Horrified by the discovery that she had slept with a serial killer, Illeana almost faints as the police unsuccessfully try to prevent Asher from escaping the hospital. Illeana later returns to her motel room and frantically washes herself, in a state of manic disgust. An investigation shows that the man the real Asher had identified as Asher was really Christopher Hart , an art thief who did business with Asher, and whom Asher owed $80,000 to, but had nothing to do with the murders. The Montreal police chase Asher, but he escapes in a train station and disappears, and approaches his next victim, a traveling sports talent scout. After that, he calls Illeana on the phone and taunts her. Illeana admits to having consensual sex with Asher and although it was after the investigation had been presumed closed she is still, consequently fired from the FBI. "After carefully reviewing Special Agent Scott\'s record with the Bureau... The Office of Professional Responsibility has issued a letter of termination citing egregious lack of judgment and conduct unbecoming of a federal agent." Seven months later, Illeana is living in a desolate farmhouse by herself in rural Pennsylvania and looking heavily pregnant with Asher\'s twin boys. One day as she sits alone in her home, she discovers Asher has broken into her house. She frantically tries to escape, but Asher quickly overpowers her and then reveals he has found all the guns she had hidden throughout the house. Asher makes her tea and tells her they could start over and live together as a family, but a disgusted Illeana tells him she does not want to. That these are not his babies that she is carrying, they are \'James Costa\'s\' babies and that she does not even know who he is. In fury, Asher begins beating and choking her and eventually stabs her in her pregnant belly with a pair of scissors. Illeana, seemingly unharmed by the stabbing, shocks Asher by quickly stabbing him in the heart with the same scissors. As Asher lies dying, Illeana removes a prosthetic pregnant belly, and tells him the past seven months have been a carefully planned trap. The film ends with Illeana calling the police, saying "It\'s over," and staring out her window.'] ['In an impoverished and burnt out Tokyo ghetto of post-World War II Japan, a band of prostitutes defend their territory, squatting in a bombed-out building. Somehow they eke out a living together. Forming a sort of family in an environment where everyone  is a potential antagonist, the girls cajole each other, and ruthlessly punish any of their group who violate the cardinal rule—no having sex for free. A new girl, Maya , joins their group and learns the trade. An ex-soldier, Shintaro Ibuki , is shot nearby and holes up with the girls. Each of them starts to crave Ibuki, placing strains on the group. Maya feels it worse, seeing him as replacement for her brother . She takes him after a night of drunken revelry, and both are ostracized. Agreeing to run away together, he is shot in a double-cross, and she is left as she was at the beginning of the film—alone and hopeless.'] ['In this tragic tale of misunderstanding, obsession, and increasing madness, "Elle," a beautiful young woman  settles into a small town in the south of France with her introverted mother  and physically handicapped father and soon becomes the subject of wild speculation because of her aloofness and at the same time, her obvious sexuality. The young woman is actually caught up in the desire to avenge the long-ago rape of her mother, a rape committed by three Italian immigrants, one of whom is associated with a player piano. An attractive car mechanic  is enamored of her, and the woman suddenly sees him in a different light when she learns that his father, now dead, was an Italian immigrant who owned a player piano. Intent on taking action against the mechanic\'s family to right the wrong suffered by her mother, the daughter begins to lose her grip on sanity when she finds out that the men she suspects of the rape are actually innocent. In fact, her father long ago exacted his own vengeance on the three rapists. This knowledge pushes her over the edge, and she has to be institutionalized. Meanwhile, the young mechanic misunderstands what has happened and sets in motion events that cannot but lead to tragedy. The film ends with him tracking down, shooting and killing the two other men Elle suspected of raping her mother. Believing them to be responsible for Elle\'s current condition.'] ["Lee Holloway , the socially awkward and emotionally sensitive youngest daughter of a dysfunctional family, adjusts to normal life after having been hospitalized following an incident of dangerous self-harm. She learns to type, starts to date an acquaintance from high school named Peter, and begins to work as a secretary for an eccentric attorney, E. Edward Grey , who hires her despite her stilted social skills and unprofessional appearance. Though at first Grey appears highly irritated by Lee's typos and other innocuous mistakes, it soon becomes apparent that he is sexually aroused by her submissive behavior. After he confronts her about her propensity for self-injury and commands that she never hurt herself again, the two embark on a BDSM relationship. Lee experiences a sexual and personal awakening, and she falls deeply in love. Edward, however, displays insecurity concerning his feelings for Lee, and he shows shame and disgust over his sexual habits. After a sexual encounter in his office, he fires Lee. During this period of exploration with Edward, Lee has also been attempting to have a normal boyfriend in Peter , even engaging in lukewarm sex with him. After Lee is fired from her job, Peter proposes to Lee, who reluctantly agrees to marry him. However, while trying on her wedding gown she leaves and runs to Edward's office where she declares her love for him. Edward, still uncertain about their relationship, tests Lee by commanding her to sit in his chair without moving her hands or feet until he returns. Lee eagerly complies. Days pass, as Peter, family members, and acquaintances individually visit Lee to alternately attempt to dissuade or encourage her. After three days, Edward returns to the office and takes Lee to his apartment where he bathes and nurtures her. The pair marry and happily continue their dominant-submissive relationship."] ['The film begins during the French Revolution with the aged Marquis d\'Apcher  as the narrator, writing his memoirs in a castle, while the voices of a mob can be heard from outside. The film flashes back to 1764http://www.imdb.com/reviews/303/30329.html when a mysterious beast terrorized the province of Gévaudan and nearby lands. Grégoire de Fronsac , a knight and the royal taxidermist of King Louis XV of France, and his Iroquois companion Mani , arrive in Gévaudan to capture the beast. Upon arrival, they rescue Jean Chastel, an aged healer , and his daughter  from an attack by soldiers. The young and enlightened Thomas, Marquis d\'Apcher , befriends them and assists their investigation. Fronsac is initially skeptical about the beast\'s existence, since survivors describe it as much larger than any wolf he has ever seen. However, by studying the bite size on a victim of the beast, he deduces that it must weigh roughly 500&nbsp;lb . Captain Duhamel , an army officer leading the hunt for the beast, has killed dozens of ordinary wolves, but has not come close to the actual killer. While staying in Gévaudan, Fronsac romances Marianne de Morangias , the daughter of a local count, whose brother, Jean-François , was also an avid hunter and a world traveler, before losing one arm to a lion in Africa. Fronsac is also intrigued by Sylvia , an Italian courtesan at the local brothel. While investigating another victim, Fronsac finds a fang made of steel, and his doubts of the Beast\'s existence thicken. Another witness swears that the Beast is controlled by a human master. Fronsac studies the patterns of the attacks and victims, trying to find a common thread and reveal a murderer. As the investigation proves to be unfruitful, the king\'s weapons master, Lord de Beauterne , arrives to put an end to the Beast. But instead of doing so, Beauterne kills an ordinary wolf and tells Fronsac to alter the corpse so it resembles the monster accordingly. Fronsac hesitantly does so, and the bogus wolf is sent back to Paris, where it is put on display, much to the pleasure of the king and the French aristocracy.  In Paris, the king\'s advisor shows Fronsac a copy of a book titled L\'Édifiante ["The Edifying"] with treasonous theories, stating the Beast has come to punish the King of France for his indulgence of the philosophers, and that the modern embrace of science over religion is heresy. Fronsac realizes that the Beast is an instrument of a secret society, The Brotherhood of the Wolf, working to undermine public confidence in the king and ultimately take over the country. Fronsac is told that "officially" the Beast is dead, warned to keep his mouth shut, and bribed with an appointment to travel to Senegal. Back in Gévaudan, the attacks by the real Beast continue. Ignoring his orders, Fronsac returns to Gévaudan, determined to put an end to the Beast\'s killings, and also to take Marianne away. Upon his return, the Beast attacks and he sees it with his own eyes. It kills a man, but mysteriously refrains from attacking Marianne. Fronsac, Mani, and the Marquis set out into the forest and set up an array of traps to capture the Beast, but it proves to be too powerful and intelligent to be captured by anything they can set up. After a violent encounter, Mani sets off solo in pursuit, where he finds a catacomb used as the Beast\'s holding pen, inhabited by the Brotherhood and a band of Gypsies working with them. These include, ironically, Chastel, the Beast\'s tender, and his daughter, whom Mani saved. Outnumbered and distracted by the daughter, Mani is shot in the back, overwhelmed and killed, but not before slaughtering a good number of his attackers. Fronsac is broken when he discovers his best friend has been murdered. Performing an autopsy, he finds a silver bullet, Jean-François\'s signature weapon. In a fit of rage he goes to the catacombs and seeks revenge, finding a pile of copies of L\'Édifiante. He kills many of the Gypsies and discovers the Beast\'s lair before leaving so that he can burn Mani\'s body at dawn. After collecting Mani\'s ashes, he is then overpowered by the local authorities and imprisoned. Sylvia visits him in jail and reveals to him that she is a spy for the Vatican. The local priest, Henri Sardis , is the leader of the Brotherhood, believing that he is restoring worship of God to France. Pope Clement XIII has decided that Sardis is insane, and sent her to eliminate him. She then poisons Fronsac, telling him he knows too much. Fronsac is presumed dead, and buried, when in fact Sylvia\'s poison has only put him into a temporary coma. Henri Sardis wants to kill Marianne, and he persuades Jean-François to do so . Jean-François comes to Marianne\'s room and reveals to her that he is the Beast\'s master; it recognized his scent when it came near her, which is why it did not attack. He also reveals that his right arm is in fact intact, albeit badly scarred, and he has kept it hidden for no apparent reason other than to fool the audience . Jean-François then rapes and nearly kills Marianne. Sylvia\'s agents exhume Fronsac and he appears at one of the Brotherhood\'s secret sermons. In the climactic battle, he kills several Gypsies and duels Jean-François to the death. The other members of the Brotherhood attempt to flee, but they are corralled and arrested by Captain Duhamel and his men. Sylvia personally kills the Chastel\'s daughter. Sardis escapes into the mountains, but is mauled to death by a pack of wolves , in an example of poetic justice. Fronsac attempts to heal Marianne with a potion carried by Mani. He and the marquis Thomas go to the Beast\'s lair, where being tended to by the veterinarian, it lies grievously wounded after the fight in the forest. It turns out the Beast was an offspring of a "strange beast" that Jean-François brought back from Africa . It was tortured into becoming vicious, trained to attack humans, and dressed in metal armor plating and spikes along with a large mask and metal implants in its jaw to make it more formidable and frightening. Fronsac takes pity on the dying creature and kills the Beast in an act of mercy. The film then returns to the opening time period of the French Revolution. The now-elderly Marquis d\'Apcher finishes writing his account of the killings, just before he is led to his execution by a revolutionary mob. In the final scene, the Marquis has a flashback, in which he narrates that he does not know what happened to Fronsac and Marianne but he hopes that somewhere, they are happy together. Fronsac is shown traveling to Senegal with Marianne to start a new life together, scattering Mani\'s ashes at sea. It is left unstated whether the two are alive and happy or whether this is indeed the Marquis\' dream.'] ['Irena Gallier meets her older brother Paul, a minister, in New Orleans. It is the first time they have met since their animal trainer-parents died, and Irena was sent to a series of foster homes. Paul\'s Creole housekeeper Female  helps Irena settle into her brother\'s home, but Paul himself disappears. That same night, a prostitute, Ruthie, walks into a fleabag motel to meet a john&nbsp;— and is instead mauled by a black leopard, but survives the attack. The police capture the leopard, aided by a team of zoologists: Oliver Yates , Alice Perrin and Joe Creigh. The next day, Irena finds herself in the zoo where these scientists work. Drawn to the newly-captured leopard, she befriends Oliver and takes a job in the gift shop nearby. Shortly afterward, the leopard kills Joe by tearing off his arm and it escapes. Soon, Paul turns up and tells Irena of their family\'s werecat heritage. He also tells her that their parents were actually brother and sister. Only sex with another werecat prevents the transformation; the werecats are ancestrally incestuous. If a werecat has sex with a human, it transforms into a leopard, and only by killing a human can the werecat regain human form. On the run from her brother, even though he is her only possible companion, Irena takes refuge in a sexually-frustrated romance with Oliver, afraid of what might happen if she consummates their passion. Eventually, Paul  breaks into Oliver\'s house, intent on killing him so he can have Irena to himself; Alice shoots the leopard. While performing a necropsy on the cat, Oliver finds a human body inside and the panther disintegrates; Paul has literally disappeared. Irena is now trapped. If she takes a human lover, she will have to kill to regain human form. Eventually, Irena makes love with Oliver, transforms into a leopard and flees, sparing Oliver\'s life. She escapes, but is later trapped on a bridge by police. Shortly after Oliver arrives at the scene, Irena sees him and jumps off the bridge and escapes. Oliver realizes where she is headed and confronts Irena at a secluded lake house, she having regained human form by killing the house\'s caretaker. Irena tells Oliver she did not kill him because she loves him, and begs him to let her "be with her own". Oliver realizes that he cannot live without her, so he ties Irena\'s arms and legs to the posts of the bed and proceeds to make love to her, knowing what she will become. We later see Oliver at the zoo working. By this time, he and Alice are romantically involved. He walks to a cage that contains a black leopard, casually hand-feeding it and stroking its fur. It is implied that this is Irena, now resigned to permanently living as a leopard in the zoo to avoid hurting Oliver or anyone else.'] ["Margot  meets Daniel  while on a business trip, and although they immediately share some chemistry, she reveals to him that she is married. However, it turns out that Daniel is living across the street from Margot and her husband Lou  in Toronto. Although Lou and Margot appear happy together, it becomes clear that Margot is not completely satisfied with her marriage, possibly aggravated by encountering Daniel. She is initially resistant to Daniel's advances, but as the film progresses they interact more and more until she ultimately leaves her husband to be with him. Lou is saddened, yet understanding. The audience is then shown a montage of Margot's new life with Daniel, including several brief sex scenes. As the film ends, there is some indication that Margot is not satisfied with her new life either."] ['Budapest, Londres, Madrid, New-York, Paris, Munich: Bernt Mittler goes on report about housewives sexual life.'] ["Ippei, a college student, finds a formula that can render him invisible. He uses it to spy on women's bathhouses, and have sex with female students. A professor becomes aware of his activities and punishes him.{{cite book}}"] ['During the latter part of World War II, Judge Murayama, head of the Japanese military police, uses his position to falsely accuse, capture, imprison and torture women in whom he is interested. Namiji Kikushima, a high-class business woman, is one such lady. Kikushima is accused of using her Ginza jewellery shop to finance an anti-government organization. Judge Murayama has Lady Kikushima arrested, and orders the new recruit Taoka to torture her. Taoka falls in love with Kikushima, at first hating torturing her then growing to enjoy it. After a long series of tortures and humiliation, while the Judge espouses his twisted version of morality, Taoka sacrifices himself to enable Lady Kikushima\'s escape.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn136–137}}Lewis, Graham R. "The Films of Koyu Ohara" in Asian Cult Cinema, #27 , p. 25.'] ["Jin-gyu, an out of work film school graduate, applies for the position of director with pornographic film company Only4Men. The following day he is hired as an assistant director for a production called All Nude Boy, and must become accustomed to working with makeshift locations, impromptu settings, and abuse from the general public. The production's lead actress, Sabine, becomes attracted to him, and the two end up spending the night together after a staff dinner. Later, Jin-gyu gets an offer to work on a real film for a major production company."] ["Sae is a girl in love with a samurai in Edo period Japan. Her father sends her to the Shogun's court, where she is intended to serve as a concubine to the Shogun. When her rivals start rumors that Sae is not a virgin, the Shogun angrily banishes her to a nunnery. With help from her samurai boyfriend, Sae escapes, and the two flee together.{{cite web}}"] ['A gay pink film about two detectives who investigate a gang rape after a video is sent to their office.'] ['Disappointed by the marriage of her lover to a woman he does not love, prostitute Harumi drifts from the city to a remote Japanese outpost in Manchuria to work in a "comfort house," or brothel, during the Sino-Japanese war. The commanding adjutant there takes an immediate liking to the new girl, but she is at first fascinated, and comes to love, Mimaki, the officer\'s aide. At first he is haughty and indifferent to the girl, which enrages her, but they are drawn together eventually. Abused and manipulated by the adjutant, she grows to hate the officer and seeks solace in Mimaki\'s arms. They carry on a clandestine affair, which is a dangerous breech of code for both of them. Tragedy strikes when the Chinese attack the outpost, and Mimaki is severely wounded in a trench. Harumi runs to him and they are both captured by the enemy while he is unconscious. The Chinese dress his wounds and he is given the opportunity to withdraw with them; but as a Japanese soldier, he is bound by a code not to be captured at all, and only Harumi\'s intervention prevents him from killing himself. Once again in the custody of the Japanese, Harumi is sent back to the brothel, and Mimaki is to be court-martialed and executed in disgrace. During another attack on the outpost, he escapes with Harumi\'s aid, but instead of fleeing with her, he intends to blow himself up to clear his and his battalion\'s honor. She leaps on his body and they die together.'] ['Charlotte is a "chaste" good girl who is having some very bad dreams about sex. Her dreams are the only place where her dream lover is a dark, handsome vampire; however, that is a bit of a dilemma for her real-life boyfriend, who\'s not quite as fascinating as the vampire dream boy. Charlotte is given the choice between staying with her life as she knows it, or becoming a part of the vampire\'s world. There is also the usual struggle between such opposing entities as Charlotte sees she also has to not only choose between her boyfriend and her mysterious nighttime visitor, but also between light and dark, and good and evil. In the end, after briefly kissing Milo and being interrupted by Eliza, the campus slut , she ends up having the dream one last time. This time, the vampire is telling her to come to him, as he believes there is nothing left for her here . After some dream scenes, finally, Charlotte is in the tower with the vampire. Chris  is there, but the vampire pushes Chris away, and is about to put the bite on her when she utters Chris\' name; he at first tells her not to think of Chris and instead think of himself and her as a couple. Then, after Charlotte utters Chris\'s name again, the vampire then says she can\'t take his life to the eternal life, and disappears. Charlotte and Chris wake up in the morning and kiss, and the vampire dies while laying in a sunbeam.'] ['After the director\'s message, "I visualize the romance of Roman Porn and I attempt to share that image," a loosely-connected series of softcore sex scenes unfolds. The plot concerns Kyoko, a young Japanese woman married to a man in France. When he abandons her, she returns to Japan. With her sexual appetite now at a high pitch, she engages in sexual escapades with a wide assortment of people, including old friends, both male and female, and an entire soccer team.{{cite book}}'] ['Miriam Blaylock  is a beautiful and dangerous immortal vampire, promising specially chosen humans eternal life as her vampire lovers. As the film begins, her vampire companion is John , a talented cellist she married in 18th century France. The films opens in a night club in New York to a live performance from Bauhaus. They live together in an elegant New York townhouse posing as a wealthy couple who teach classical music. Periodically killing and feeding upon human victims allows Miriam and John to possess eternal youth—or at least that is what John was led to believe. John begins aging rapidly; he realizes that Miriam knew that this would happen and that her promise of "forever and ever" was only partially true. He will have eternal life but not eternal youth. Feeling betrayed, he seeks out the help of Dr. Sarah Roberts , who specializes in the study of premature aging, hoping she will be able to help reverse his accelerating decrepitude. Sarah assumes that John is a hypochondriac or mentally unbalanced and ignores his pleas for help. As John leaves the clinic in a rage, Sarah is horrified to see how rapidly John is aging. She tries to help, at which point John rebuffs her. In a last attempt to regain his youth, John murders and attempts to feed upon a young female violin student of Miriam\'s, whom she was grooming to be her next consort when she came of age, to no avail. As John\'s aging advances, he begs Miriam to kill him and release him from the agony of his decrepit body. Weeping, Miriam tells him that there is no release. After John collapses, Miriam carries him into the attic and places him in a coffin. There are stacks of other coffins and Miriam asks them all to "be good to him tonight." Miriam\'s former vampire lovers are doomed to suffer an eternal living death, helplessly moaning and trapped in their coffins. Sarah comes looking for John at his home but only finds Miriam. It becomes clear that the two women feel an attraction and Miriam acts upon this as she now feels alone after losing her lover and the young girl she was grooming. In a memorable scene during a piano adaption of The Flower Duet, Sarah says: "Are you making a pass at me, Mrs. Blaylock?" Miriam softly replies: "Miriam, please." They have a sexual encounter during which, without Sarah being fully aware of it, Miriam bites her arm and a blood exchange occurs in which some of Miriam\'s blood enters Sarah\'s body. Miriam attempts to initiate Sarah in the necessities of life as a vampire but Sarah is repulsed by the thought of subsisting on human blood. Still reeling from the effects of her vampiric transformation, Sarah allows Miriam to put her to bed in a guest room. Sarah\'s partner, Tom  arrives on Miriam\'s doorstep, trying to find Sarah. Miriam informs him that Sarah is in the upstairs bedroom. Sarah, starving and desperate, tries to resist the urge to kill Tom but gives in to temptation. Sarah then joins Miriam by the piano and Miriam assures her that she will soon forget what she was and come to love Miriam. As the two kiss, Sarah drives Miriam\'s ankh-knife into her throat, attempting to kill herself as she forcibly holds her mouth over Miriam\'s mouth, forcing Miriam to ingest her blood, possibly working on a hunch regarding the "blood borne metabolic aging disease" and "host" relationship she was told about affecting her blood. Miriam carries Sarah upstairs, intending to place her with her other boxed lovers. There is a rumbling and the mummies of Miriam\'s previous lovers emerge from their coffins. The mummies drive Miriam over the edge of the balcony. As she rapidly ages, the mummies fall and become dust, ostensibly providing the trapped souls with release. As the film draws to a close, a real estate agent is showing the deserted townhouse to prospective buyers. Sarah is now in London, standing on the balcony of a chic apartment tower , in the company of an attractive young man and woman. She is serenely admiring the gorgeous view as dusk falls. From a draped coffin in a storage room, Miriam repeatedly screams Sarah\'s name .'] ["April Delongpre  is the well-born daughter of a powerful Alabama senator and heiress to an old and respectable Southern family. One summer, while her fiancé Chad Douglas Fairchild ([[Martin Hewitt  is away on business, April commences an affair with Perry , a carnival roustabout she had met a few days previously. April's grandmother Belle Delongpre  has assigned the local sheriff Earl Hawkins  to keep an eye on her. Belle and the sheriff conspire to get rid of Perry on the day of April and Chad's wedding. Perry escapes, and the film ends with April, wearing Chad's wedding band, finds Perry and they kiss."] ["From the press release: Dead to everything except painful pleasure, an unhappily married woman, Nancy, leaves her silent husband behind to meet a fellow broken soul in search of a final release. Louis is a quiet dispenser of pleasure, Nancy is the mechanism set to self-destruct. Beyond therapy, beyond medication, beyond feeling, Nancy is left with the only coping mechanism she ever knew, violence. Together, they journey through the darkest recesses of the human mind before finding solace in each other's arms. For Nancy, solace can only come from death, for Louis, it can only come from Nancy.  Nancy's husband Albert is left with an empty house, filled with only the memory of his wife's unbearable loneliness and a final, endless understanding of how bleak life could be. The relationship between Louis and Nancy straddles the thin line between pleasure and pain, crossing over into a film that is as emotional as it is unnerving."] ['Set in contemporary New York City, Shortbus revolves around Sofia Lin , who is married to the handsome but dimwitted Rob . She works as a couples counselor/sex therapist although she has never achieved an orgasm. She comes into contact with a couple: former child star Jamie  and former prostitute James ([[Paul Dawson , the film\'s other lead character. At the outset, James suggests to his boyfriend that they open up their relationship to sex with others. During their first consultation, Sofia snaps, slaps Jamie, and apologetically reveals her "pre-orgasmic" status. The couple suggests she attend a weekly social/artistic/sexual salon in Brooklyn called "Shortbus," which is hosted by drag performance artist Justin Bond . Sofia slowly opens up to new experiences; this includes a friendship with a dominatrix who goes by the name Severin played by Lindsay Beamish.  Sofia\'s inability to achieve orgasm begins to cause conflict with Rob, who in turn begins attending Shortbus with Sofia. James and Jamie meet a young ex-model and aspiring singer named Ceth  and the three begin a sexual relationship. Meanwhile, James and Jamie\'s life is being closely watched by their across-the-street stalker neighbor, Caleb . Caleb fears the inclusion of Ceth in James and Jamie\'s relationship might break them up and thus destroy his ability to live vicariously through them, so he attends Shortbus, where he confronts Ceth. Sofia begins to go daily to a spa with a sensory deprivation tank to meet with Severin, and the two begin to have intense conversations. Severin begins to help Sofia loosen up sexually; Sofia helps Severin achieve a deeper human connection than she had experienced before. One evening at Shortbus, Severin discusses with Sofia the idea of giving up sex work to pursue her dream of being an artist. The two then have an unplanned sexual experience, and once again Sofia is left unsatisfied. Throughout the film, James is seen making a film about himself and his relationship. It turns out to be a suicide note. He attempts to take his own life and is rescued by Caleb, who calls for help, but is too embarrassed to wait with James for the help to arrive. He writes his phone number and email address on James\' face while he is unconscious. When James wakes in the hospital, he calls Caleb. James goes to Caleb\'s home to be consoled, but does not contact Jamie or Ceth, neither of whom can understand why he wouldn\'t call them or come home. There follows an interlocking trio of scenes showing connections between the characters\' emotional problems and their sexual lives. * At Caleb\'s house, he and James have sex, and James allows Caleb to penetrate him, something he has never allowed anyone to do before. Afterward, in a dramatic revelation, James is seen in the window of Caleb\'s apartment by Jamie, who realizes in that moment that James is alive and okay. * Rob and Severin have a paid encounter where Rob asks to be beaten, something he couldn\'t ask Sofia to do. As this progresses, Severin loses control and Rob tries to comfort her. * Sofia seems to have a dream of struggling through an overgrown, wild forested area to a gentle seashore where she tries to achieve orgasm again. On failing, she screams, and in the real world the lights go off across the city, seemingly caused by the simultaneous and collective frustration of the characters. The film ends with a song by Justin Bond at Shortbus during the blackout. Sofia arrives and finds Rob with Severin and after acknowledging him sits down by herself. James and Jamie also arrive followed by Ceth and Caleb. Justin\'s song starts on a wistful note, but as it progresses it becomes more energetic and positive thanks to the arrival of the Hungry March Band. This is mirrored in the actions and emotions of the actors. Jamie and James make out on the floor, and Ceth and Caleb start to hit it off. Rob seems to find a friend, and Severin progresses from nervous anxiety to happy elation upon the arrival of the band. Sofia engages in a threesome with a couple she has seen several times before and who appear to meet her prerequisite of "just beginning to experiment sexually" , and finally achieves an orgasm, and the blackout affecting New York ends, as does the film.'] ["The film is about a nine-year-old boy's  obsession with women's breasts. Tete becomes jealous of his baby brother who is breast fed by their mother. Tete goes on a personal mission to find the perfect pair of lactating breasts to feed on. A beautiful Portuguese dancer  arrives in town, the answer to Tete's prayers. Unfortunately for Tete, Estrellita is the attention of many men's affections including her husband Maurice , an older man working as the other half of her travelling act, and attractive Flamenco-singing teenager, Miguel . With this amount of competition will Tete fulfil his wish?"] ["The title of the film refers to the duration of a relationship between Wall Street arbitrageur John Gray  and divorced SoHo art gallery employee Elizabeth McGraw . The two meet and have a volatile and somewhat kinky sex life involving a variety of sexual and erotic acts. The film details a sexual downward spiral as John pushes Elizabeth's boundaries toward her eventual emotional breakdown. He often manipulates her into getting what he wants during sex and sometimes abuses her."] ['A traffic accident brings together the widow Michiyo and her step daughter Takako with Hideo, the young man who caused the accident. Hideo and Takako start a relationship but Michiyo finds out that Hideo is the son of the man who raped her many years earlier. After this discovery, Michiyo\'s feelings alternate between guilt and excitement and she secretly spies on the young lovers. As atonement she decides to have her "most sensitive areas" tattooed but the pain brings her pleasure. The denouement has Hideo lusting after Michiyo and raping her as his father had done.'] ["A high school senior, Y, is friends with another girl who has struck up a correspondence with a middle-aged artist, J. After talking to him on the phone, and determined not to lose her virginity through rape as her two sisters did, she decides to have sex with him and a meeting is arranged at a cheap motel. They have sex almost as soon as they enter the motel; though she is a virgin she gives him oral and anal sex. In their next rendezvous he tells her about his interest in sadomasochism and she allows him to beat her on her buttocks before they have sex again. They arrange regular trysts where he beats her more fiercely and with a wider array of implements. While at first she only goes along to make him happy  she eventually likes being beaten. At home, J's relationship with his wife deteriorates when he begs her to beat him; she refuses, calling him a pervert as we learn that his sexual desires have been a strain on their marriage for years. After an unusually harsh beating Y becomes angry, and he offers to let her beat him. Intrigued, she quickly assumes the dominant role and from then on they take turns beating each other. Their encounters become more frequent; though J pretends to be her art professor, Y's brother discovers the affair and sets fire to J's house. Y cuts her hair and drops out of university and he leaves home, as they live in hotels having sex every night; they carve tattoos onto their inner thighs. When Y's brother dies in a motorcycle accident and J runs out of money, she leaves, though he begs her not to; they go their separate ways as he returns to his wife. Years later we find the man and his wife living together in Paris when he receives a phone call. She is traveling to South America and has a stopover in Paris. They meet in a hotel, where she changes into her old school uniform and beats him with the handle of a pickaxe. they never see each other again; when his wife asks him about the tattoo, he lies."] ['Nami Matsushima  is set up by her boyfriend, a crooked police detective named Sugimi  to win favor with the Yakuza. She is raped by several drug dealers. She makes a failed attempt to stab Sugimi on the steps of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Headquarters. She is sentenced to do hard time in a women\'s prison. Matsushima is given the number 701. The prison is run by sadistic and horny male guards. The prisoners are forced to walk up and down a stair-like contraption naked with lecherous male guards watching from below. While in prison she meets inmates like Yuki Kida  who was committed for fraud and theft, Otsuka , jailed for burglary and extortion, and Katagiri  who has been impounded for arson and illegally disposing of a body. On the outside, Sugimi and the Japanese mafia orchestrate a plan in which Matsushima will succumb to an "accidental" death in prison. They enlist the help of Katagiri, pulling on her ties to both Sugimi and the mafia, and quickly set their plan in motion. Matsushima is attacked in the shower but defends herself, wounding the attacker. She is punished by being held bound by ropes in solitary confinement. A group of trustees including Katagiri torments her. One of them torments her by pouring hot soup on her. Matsushima is able to trip the trustee and make her spill the vat of hot soup over herself, causing horrible burns. Matsushima is forced to dig dirt holes for two days and nights straight. She kills a woman who attempts to attack her during this digging by tripping her and breaking her neck. Matsushima is hung and tied from the ceiling while being beaten by her fellow prisoners. After a riot, Matsushima escapes and kills all the Yakuza and Sugimi with a dagger. The film ends with Matsushima walking alone back in prison.'] ['Maria and Frieda, recently orphaned identical twin teenage girls, move from Venice to Karnstein in Central Europe to live with their uncle Gustav Weil. Weil is a stern puritan and leader of the fanatical witch-hunting \'Brotherhood\'. Both twins resent their uncle\'s sternness and one of them, Frieda, looks for a way to escape. Resenting her uncle, she becomes fascinated by the local Count Karnstein, who has the reputation of being "a wicked man". Count Karnstein, who enjoys the Emperor\'s favour and thus remains untouched by the Brotherhood, is indeed wicked and interested in Satanism and Black Magic. Trying to emulate his evil ancestors, he murders a girl as a human sacrifice, calling forth Countess Mircalla Karnstein from her grave. Mircalla turns the Count into a vampire. Frieda, following an invitation from the Count, steals away to the castle at night, while Maria covers for her absence. In the castle, the Count transforms Frieda into a vampire, offering her a beautiful young chained victim. Returning home, Frieda threatens Maria to keep covering for her nightly excursions, but secretly fearing she might bite her sister. Meanwhile Maria becomes interested in the handsome young teacher, Anton, who is initially infatuated with the more mysterious Frieda. Anton has studied what he calls "superstition", but becomes convinced of the existence of vampires when his sister falls victim to one. One night, when Frieda attacks a member of the Brotherhood, she is captured by her uncle and put in jail. While the Brotherhood debates the vampire woman\'s fate, the Count and his servants kidnap Maria and exchange her for Frieda in the cell. Anton goes to see Maria, not knowing that she is actually Frieda. She tries to seduce him, but he sees her lack of reflection in a mirror and repels her with a cross. Anton rushes to rescue Maria from burning. Maria kisses a cross, revealing her innocence. Weil now listens to Anton\'s advice on the proper ways to fight vampires, and the two men lead the Brotherhood and villagers to Karnstein Castle to confront the Count. The Count and Frieda attempt to escape, but they are surprised by Weil, who beheads Frieda. Maria is captured by the Count, who uses her as a shield. Weil challenges the Count and is killed, giving Anton the opportunity to pierce the distracted Count\'s heart with a spear. Anton and Maria are united as Karnstein crumbles to corruption.'] ['Twenty-seven-year-old St. Louis advertising executive Max Baron  has completely shut himself off from the world in the two years since the auto accident death of his wife . On the way to the bachelor party of his friend Neil  he picks up 50 burgers from a diner, however he realises that the order is six burgers short and returns to White Palace to complain. Following a heated exchange with the waitress Nora Baker , he gets his money refunded and returns to the party. He leaves the party drunk and runs into Nora at a bar, he gives her a lift home but crashes his car into her mailbox, he stays the night, and they sleep together. After visiting his wife\'s grave on the second anniversary of her death Max returns to the White Palace to see Nora, but misses her. He visits her at home, with the pretext of replacing the mailbox but instead they begin a relationship, with Max becoming more open and relaxed, but reluctant to reveal his relationship to his family and friends. Max attempts to introduce Nora to culture, but she resists, feeling the age difference and their cultural differences put a strain on the relationship. Nora is angry that Max didn\'t take her to Neil\'s wedding, and they argue about why Max won\'t introduce Nora to his family and friends. Nora\'s sister Judy  meets Max the following day and explains to him how they were abandoned as children and how she left Nora in care. Judy explains how Nora was devastated when her son died. While at the supermarket Max runs into Neil\'s wife, Rachel  who invites him and his "mystery woman" to Thanksgiving. At Max\'s apartment Nora hears a message on his answering machine inviting them to the Horowitz\'s for Thanksgiving, and the both resolve to attend. At the dinner with Neil, Rachel, Mrs Baron , and Max\'s friends and the Horowitz\'s extended family Nora and Max are made to feel uncomfortable, and following a remark by Neil\'s father they walk out. After the dinner Nora and Max argue. Nora quits the White Palace and leaves St Louis. Max finds her house empty and a note explaining to Max why she had to leave. He goes to a brunch and meets Heidi Solomon , but Max cannot stop thinking about Nora. He travels to New York to see Judy and she tells Max that Nora is working in a restaurant. Max goes to the restaurant and confesses his love to Nora, where he reveals that he has moved to New York to be with her. They re-unite, kissing tenderly while patrons of the restaurant look on, then Max playfully clears the table of its contents and lays a laughing Nora down on it climbing on top of her and passionately kisses her neck and lips while the whole restaurant cheers and applauds.'] ['This film once again portrays seduction and betrayal among the teenaged idle rich. Cassidy Merteuil  is a beautiful, manipulative student at an exclusive Santa Barbara college. Jason Argyle  and Patrick Bates  are roommates there. After they pull off a devious plan to bed Cassidy, she encourages them to compete against each other. Jason has to seduce Sheila , who is in a steady relationship with Michael ([[Tom Parker , and Patrick has to seduce Alison , who is already engaged. After Jason succeeds in his part, Patrick blackmails Alison using photos of her cheating on her fiance and then tells her how he succeeded and then he pulls down her white thong and rapes her to fulfill his part of the bet. Jason and Cassidy strike up a relationship as Patrick is left unsatisfied and angry. He attempts to seduce Cassidy, but she rejects him. So he convinces Cassidy that the man she loves, Jason, is only staying with her because he wants to win the bet with Patrick that they had set, which was to see who could sleep with Cassidy first. Seemingly angry with Jason, she succumbs to Patrick, and Jason walks in on them. Patrick snidely remarks that both Jason and Cassidy have been victims of his cruel game to show them that they underestimated the evil in themselves. They ask him if he has ever been a victim and he tells them no, but Cassidy reveals that this had been her plan all along. She began the little charade so Patrick and Jason would seduce Alison and Sheila; before sleeping with Patrick, she took one of his sleeping pills, planning to tell the policemen that he had drugged and raped her. As Patrick is led away by the police, bewildered and protesting his innocence, he is warned that another victim has come forward, and he will get the punishment he deserves for raping Alison. In the end Jason and Cassidy are shown together and making another bet with each other.'] ['Dr. Bill Harford  and his wife, Alice , a young couple from New York, go to a Christmas party, given by a wealthy patient, Victor Ziegler . Bill meets an old friend from med school, Nick Nightingale , who now plays piano professionally. While a Hungarian man tries to pick up Alice, two young models try to take Bill off for a tryst. He is interrupted by a call from his host upstairs, who had been having sex with a young woman who has overdosed on a speedball. Next evening at home, while smoking marijuana, Bill\'s wife asks him if he had sex with the two girls. After Bill reassures her, she asks if he is ever jealous of men who are attracted to her. As the discussion gets heated, he states that he thinks women are more faithful than men. She rebuts him, telling him of a recent fantasy she had about a naval officer they had encountered on a vacation. Disturbed by Alice\'s revelation, Bill is just then called to the deathbed of the father of a now-engaged female friend, who impulsively kisses him and tells him she loves him. Putting her off, Bill takes a walk and meets a prostitute named Domino , and goes to her apartment. His wife phones as he begins to kiss her, after which he calls off the awkward encounter. Meeting his friend Nick at the Sonata Cafe, Bill learns that Nick has a following engagement where he must play piano blindfolded. Nick tells him about beautiful women he glimpsed when the blindfold slipped at the last gig for this customer, allowing him to surmise some of the goings-on. Bill presses for details. To gain admittance, one needs a costume, a mask and the password. Bill drives late at night to a shop called "Rainbow Fashions", whose previous owner he knew. He offers the new owner, Mr. Milich , a generous amount of money to rent to him now. Searching for a costume, the owner catches his teenage daughter  with two Japanese men and expresses outrage at their lack of sense of decency, and threatens to call the police. Bill now takes a taxi out to a country mansion where a quasi-religious sexual ritual is taking place. One woman takes Bill aside and warns him he does not belong there. Bill then with another girl walks through a few rooms where an orgy is taking place. The first woman catches up with Bill and insists he is in terrible danger for they suspect that he is an outsider. Bill is then interrupted by a masked porter who tells him that the taxi driver who is waiting outside wants to speak with him. However, the porter takes him to the main room where the masked, red-cloaked Master of Ceremonies confronts Bill with a question about a second password which Bill is unable to answer. The Master of Ceremonies insists that he "kindly remove his mask", then asks that he remove his clothes. The masked young woman who had tried to warn Bill now intervenes and insists that she be punished instead of him. As she is taken away, Bill asks what is going to happen to her. The Master cryptically replies her fate is sealed and Bill is ushered from the mansion and warned not to tell anyone about what happened there. Just before dawn, Bill arrives home guilty and confused, where his wife Alice is now awake and tells him of a troubling dream in which he and she were in a deserted city without their clothes. She felt frightened and ashamed while he went off to try to find their clothes. She then felt better, finding herself, still naked, in a beautiful garden. The Naval Officer emerged, stared at her, and the two of them began making love surrounded by many other couples doing the same. She then started having sex with many of those men and laughing at the idea of Bill seeing her with them. Next morning Bill finds Nick\'s hotel from the waitress in the next-door cafe; the desk clerk  tells Bill that a bruised and frightened Nick checked out a few hours earlier after returning with two large, dangerous-looking men. Nick tried to pass an envelope to him when they were leaving, but it was intercepted, then he was driven away by the two men in a limousine. Bill goes to return the costume and the shop owner, with his daughter by his side, states he can do other favors for Bill "and it needn\'t be a costume". The Japanese men leave; Milich implies to Bill that he has sold his daughter for prostitution. Bill has misplaced the mask, so is billed for it. Bill returns to the mansion in his own car and is greeted at the gate by a man with a note warning him to cease and desist his inquiries. At home, Bill thinks about Alice\'s dream while he watches her tutor their daughter. That evening, Bill goes to the home of the prostitute with a gift. Her roommate greets him, telling him Domino has just discovered she has HIV. Bill leaves and notices a well-dressed man is following him. After losing him, Bill reads a newspaper story about a beauty queen, Amanda Curran, who had died of a drug overdose. She is the Mandy he had treated at Ziegler\'s party. He goes to the hospital, claiming to be her doctor, and examines her body in the morgue. Ziegler summons Bill to his house and tells him he knows all the events of the past night and day. Ziegler was one of those involved with the ritual orgy and his own position with the secret society has been jeopardized by Bill\'s intrusion. Bill asks about the death of Mandy, whom Ziegler has identified as the woman at the party who\'d "sacrificed" herself to prevent Bill\'s punishment, and about Nick. Ziegler insists that Nick is safely back at home in Seattle, but does not know where to contact him. Ziegler also insists that the "punishment" had nothing to do with Mandy\'s death; she was a junkie and she has died from another accidental drug overdose. Bill does not know if Ziegler is telling him the truth, but says nothing further. When Bill returns home, he sees the rented mask on his pillow next to his sleeping wife. He breaks down in tears and as Alice awakes, he decides to tell her the whole truth of the past two days. The next morning they go Christmas shopping. His wife muses that recent events do not define their life and they should be grateful they have survived and are still together and that she loves him. She then says they need to, in her own words, "fuck" as soon as possible.  Arthur Schnitzler\'s 1926 novella Dream Story is set around Vienna shortly after the turn of the century. The couple are named Fridolin and Albertina, and their home is a typical suburban middle-class home, not the film\'s posh urban apartment. Schnitzler himself, like the protagonist of this novel, lived in Vienna, was Jewish, and a medical doctor . The couple in the novella are implied to be Jewish . According to historian Geoffrey Cocks, Kubrick  frequently removed references to the Jewishness of characters in the novels he adapted. This is reflected in the way the film handles the way Bill Harford is taunted by college students when going home in the morning. In the film, Bill is taunted with homophobic slurs. In the novella, these boys are recognized to be members of an anti-Semitic college fraternity.Peter Loewenberg notes this in his essay Freud Schnitzler and Eyes Wide Shut http://books.google.com/books?idPA268&dq1#vfalse as does Geoffrey Cocks in his book Wolf at the Door  The novella is set during Carnival, when people often wear masks to parties. The party that both husband and wife attend at the opening of the story is a masked Carnival ball, whereas the film\'s story begins at Christmas time. Critic Randy Rasmussen suggests that the character of Bill is fundamentally more naïve, strait-laced, less disclosing and more unconscious of his vindictive motives than his counterpart, Fridolin.{{Harvnb|Rasmussen|2005|p6Y7FnTDmvUIC&pgFidelio+Denmark+Kubrick&cdfalse] The party in the novella consists mostly of nude ballroom dancing. In the novella the woman who "redeems" Fridolin at the party, saving him from punishment, is costumed as a nun, and most of the characters at the party are dressed as nuns or priests; Fridolin himself used a priest costume. This aspect was retained in the film\'s original screenplay,Eyes Wide Shut original screenplay but was deleted in the filmed version. In the novella, when the husband returns home, the wife\'s dream is an elaborate drama that concludes with him getting crucified in a village square after Fridolin refuses to separate from Albertina and become the paramour of the village princess, even though Albertina is now occupied with copulating with other men, and watches him "without pity". By being faithful, Fridolin thus fails to save himself from execution in Albertina\'s dream although he was apparently spared by the woman\'s \'sacrifice\' at the masked sex party. In both the novella and film, the wife states that the laugh in her sleep just before she woke was a laugh of scornful contempt for her husband; although awake she states this matter-of-factly. The novella makes it clear that Fridolin at this point hates Albertina more than ever, thinking they are now lying together "like mortal enemies". It has been argued that the dramatic climax of the novella is actually Albertina\'s dream, and the film has shifted the focus to Bill\'s visit to the secret society\'s orgy whose content is more shocking in the film.Rainer J. Kaus, Notes on Eyes Wide Shut The character of Ziegler  is entirely an invention of the film, having no counterpart in Schnitzler. Critic Randy Rasmussen interprets Ziegler as representing Bill\'s worst self, much as in other Kubrick films; the title character in Dr. Strangelove represents the worst of the American national security establishment, Charles Grady represents the worst of Jack Torrance in The Shining, and Clare Quilty represents the worst of Humbert Humbert in Lolita.{{Harvnb}} The novella explains why the husband\'s mask is on the pillow next to his sleeping wife, she having discovered it when it slipped out of his suitcase, and placing it there as a statement of understanding. This is left unexplained in the film.'] ['A young couple engage in a rampage of murder, rape and mayhem in order to stimulate their sexual appetites.'] [' Following the death of his wife, a father of three sons  hires an attractive young housekeeper named Angela , and soon becomes engaged to her.{{cite web}} However, the one most obsessed with her is the middle son, the teenager Nino. He blackmails her into eventually tolerating his increasingly aggressive physical sexual harassments. It all culminates one night before she marries his father. During the night the electricity goes off. As his father and older brother are away, and with his younger brother asleep, Nino approaches his housekeeper with a flashlight and orders her to undress. She gives in after an initial physical protest, but runs away after finishing undressing. Nino chases her with the flashlight until he accidentally drops it. With the flashlight in her own hands, Angela decides it is time to turn the tables. She blinds Nino with the flashlight and when he tries to reach for it, she pins him to a nearby bed and has sex with him while rushing him to "Fotti! Fotti!" . With Nino finally losing control over her, she marries his father the following day and his father instructs Nino to refer to her as "Mamma" from then on.{{cite web}}'] ["Noriko, a young widow, lives with her senile father-in-law, Shukichi. In order to convince Shukichi that his favorite cow is not dead, Noriko rises before dawn, poses as the cow and allows Shukichi to milk her instead. Conflict arises when Shukichi's daughter tries to put an end to this relationship.{{cite web}}"] ['It starred Dyanne Thorne as "Ilsa," commandante of a Nazi Stalag ; the maliciousness of her character was very loosely based on that of Ilse Koch. Ilsa conducts sadistic scientific experiments designed to demonstrate that women are more capable of enduring pain than men are, and therefore should be allowed to fight in the army. Ilsa is also portrayed as a buxom woman with a voracious sexual appetite for men. Every night she chooses another one of her male prisoners and rapes him; however, due to her insatiable hunger, she gets disappointed when her current victim eventually ejaculates, and promptly has him castrated and put to death. Only an American prisoner, who can withhold ejaculating, manages to use her weakness to his favor.'] ["Following the multiple-Aema theme started in Madame Aema 6, this entry in the series has two women named Madame Aema. Both women are dancers, and are friends who differ in their thoughts on marriage. One believes in remaining single, and the other believes in marriage, and does so. After being disappointed with her husband's cheating and gambling, she leaves him. They are later reconciled after the husband repents of his behavior.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04640|title2009-06-29|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}"] ['Baise-moi tells the story of Nadine  and Manu  who go on a violent spree against a society in which they feel marginalised. Nadine is a part-time prostitute, and Manu is a slacker who does anything—including occasional porn film acting—to get by in her small town in southern France. One day Manu and her friend, a drug addict, are brutally gang-raped by three men. While her friend struggles, screams, and fights against the rapists, ending up violently beaten and distressed, Manu lies still with a detached look, which troubles the man raping her, who soon gives up. As her friend asks Manu how she could act so detached, she replies that she can\'t prevent anyone from penetrating her pussy, so she didn\'t let anything precious in there. Manu then returns to her brother\'s house, and does not tell him what has happened, but he realises after noticing bruises on her neck. He gets out a gun and asks Manu who was responsible, but when Manu refuses to tell him, he calls her a "slut" and implies that she actually enjoyed being raped. In response, Manu picks up his discarded pistol and shoots him in the head. Meanwhile, Nadine returns home and has an argument with her roommate, whom she strangles and kills, before leaving with their rent money. Nadine suffers another emotional setback when she meets her best friend, a drug dealer, in another town, but he is shot and killed while out obtaining drugs with a prescription she forged for him. Later that night, having missed the last train, Nadine meets Manu at the railway station. Manu says she has a car, if Nadine will drive for her. They soon realise that they share common feelings of anger, and embark on a violent and sexually charged road trip together. In need of money they hold up a convenience store, and also kill a woman at an ATM. Finally, after much killing and sexual activities, the two women enter a swingers\' club and kill everyone there. The pair discuss what they have done, and agree that it has all been pointless because nothing has changed inside them. During their spree the entire country is abuzz over the beautiful bandit/killers. Some people actually support them, while most are in fear. One day Manu enters a roadside tire store to get some coffee, leaving Nadine outside. Hearing gunfire, Nadine rushes in to find Manu shot by the owner, whom she kills. Nadine takes Manu\'s body to a forest and burns it, before driving to a beach. With tears in her eyes, Nadine puts the gun to her head, intending to commit suicide, but gets arrested by the police before she can do so.'] ['All About Anna tells the story of Anna , a single woman who seeks to maintain an active sex life while staying clear of emotional involvement, after having been jilted by the love of her life, Johan . She has a relationship with Frank , but refuses to let him move in with her. When Johan shows up again after five years absence, she starts wondering how much longer she can maintain her emotional independence, and if that is what she wants. She has sex with him, loses his telephone number and cannot contact him. She ends her affair with Frank and when she is offered a job as costume designer in a French theatre, she decides to move to Paris. She leaves her flat to her flat-mate Camilla  who asks her permission to rent out the now empty room to a friend of hers. This friend turns out to be Johan, and Anna meets him as she leaves for Paris, where the local stage actors Pierre  and Sophie  offer new amorous temptations, but she worries about Johan finding a new love. In the end she returns to Copenhagen and, after mistakenly thinking that Johan has been unfaithful to her, she faces her fears of commitment and is reunited with Johan.'] ["The quiet suburb of New Salem is being terrorized by a serial killer who abducts and tortures young women, holding them captive for weeks before murdering them. Aubrey Fleming , a pianist and aspiring writer, appears to be his latest victim when she disappears during a night out with her friends. As the days tick by, the special FBI Task Force convened to track the killer begins to lose hope of finding her before it’s too late. Late one night, a driver discovers a young woman by the side of a deserted road, disheveled and critically injured. The girl is rushed to the hospital, where Aubrey’s distraught parents, Susan  and Daniel , wait by her side as she slips in and out of consciousness. When she is finally able to speak, she shocks everyone by claiming to be a down-on-her luck stripper named Dakota Moss, who has never heard of Aubrey Fleming. Convinced Aubrey is suffering from post traumatic stress disorder, her doctors, parents, and law enforcement officials can only wait for rest and therapy to restore her memory. But after returning to her parents’ suburban home, she continues to insist she is not who they think she is, despite bearing bizarre wounds identical to those of the serial killer’s previous victims. The FBI agents are further mystified when they search Aubrey’s laptop and discover a short story about a girl with an alter ego named Dakota. When Dakota begins to suspect she may be Aubrey’s identical twin sister, Susan shows her a video of her pregnancy ultrasound clearly revealing there was only one fetus in her womb. Confused and terrified, Dakota starts seeing visions of a menacing figure slowly butchering his captive. Convinced time is running out both for Aubrey and herself, Dakota confronts Daniel with a shocking truth that leads them on a frantic hunt for the killer. Aubrey and Dakota are indeed twins, born to Virginia Sue Moss, a crack addict. Moss gave birth to them the same time the Flemings had their own child, who died in the incubator. Daniel Fleming quietly raises one as his own daughter, paying Virginia over the years by mail. Dakota finds the envelopes and attempts to find her sister, when she suffers sympathetic resonance from her twin's wounds, and is found by the highway. It turns out the two are stigmatic twins, with a psychic connection that lets them share pain, communicate, and even share experiences, which explains some of Aubrey's stories. After investigating the grave of Aubrey's recently murdered friend, Jennifer Toland , Dakota finds a blue ribbon from a piano competition, with a message from Jennifer's  piano teacher, Douglas Norquist . Dakota realizes Norquist murdered Jennifer and abducted Aubrey after they expressed intentions to quit their piano lessons, taking off their fingers, arm, and a leg in a twisted act of retribution. Dakota and Daniel confront Norquist, and Daniel dies in the process, but Dakota cuts off Norquist's hand and delivers a fatal blow to his neck. She then finds Aubrey where Norquist buried her alive and frees her. The movie ends with Aubrey and Dakota lying together on the ground, looking out into the night."] ['The first half of the film is told in a non-consecutive narrative format, introducing the three principal characters in turn and taking them up to the events in the convenience store. There are four chapters: "Pornography in Blue", "A Space Man", "Documentary" and "Last Scene".  Y breaks up with her boyfriend , who she believes has done little to promote her acting career, but he tries to blackmail her with a video of the two of them having sex. She turns to her boss at the store for help, but he only agrees if she will sleep with him. Later that evening, Y makes up with her boyfriend, but then discovers that her boss has also been videotaping her as she changes in the store\'s back room. Working behind the counter in the convenience store, she takes a cheque from J to pay for some beer.  J meets M while singing in a club in Thailand. They fall in love and continue seeing each other back in Korea, until one day M announces that he has to go on a trip without her. On the day of his return, J prepares a meal for the two of them at her apartment. She is overjoyed when he finally shows up, until she realizes that his parents are with him. M\'s father has found out that J is a transsexual, and demands to see her ID card as proof. When she refuses he starts to fling food at her, and J asks them all to leave. A short while later, she goes into Y\'s convenience store and uses a cheque to buy some beer. When the store\'s boss demands to see her ID, she turns in anger and smashes a bottle of beer over his head.  R carries his camcorder with him wherever he goes, videotaping everyday life. Eventually he walks into Y\'s convenience store. As he gets something to drink, the boss walks out of the back room and demands to see J\'s ID card. R begins taping the incident. J smashes the beer bottle over the boss\'s head. Y tries to comfort him, but he slips on the spilt beer and falls, banging his head against R\'s camera case. Blood flows out onto the floor, and the boss is apparently dead. J, Y and R decide to accept joint responsibility for the boss\'s death. They drag the body into the back room, clean up the blood, then leave. After getting into a fight in a bar, the trio retreat to a hotel room. Y and R have sex, while J lies curled up on the floor, remembering the time she spent with M in Thailand. Meanwhile, M gets drunk at J\'s apartment, distraught over his feelings for her. After a few days, the trio go to another bar. As they are drinking and trying to decide what to do next, several police officers come in to check IDs. The three leave without paying their bill, and are chased down a back alley by one of the officers. As they run, Y trips and falls, forcing J to wait and trip the officer, who drops his gun. She picks up the gun and points it at him as he lies on the ground, but he quickly gets the better of her. When the other two come back to help her, he begins berating them one by one, only ending when J clubs the officer over the head with the camera case. Having had enough, R decides to leave. Y and J find a hotel room, where they console each other and begin goofing around. The following day they leave on J\'s motorcycle, going to Y\'s family home. It turns out that Y has a young daughter who is being looked after by her parents, and it\'s her birthday. Y leaves a birthday cake but refuses to stay, and returns the motorcycle. J, however, is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly someone grabs the clerk\'s hair. The convenience store boss is not dead, as they had believed. He and a friend of his have taken Y and J to a private karaoke room. The friend forces Y to undress and dance while he sings karaoke. The boss again demands that J show him her ID card, but instead she pulls the police officer\'s gun out of her bag and shoots both men dead. Again the two women find a room to stay. They lie tenderly together, naked, and J tells the clerk that one day, they\'ll go away somewhere warm together. Later, the two of them are getting their hair styled in a salon when Y sees her ex-boyfriend on TV. He has now become a big star, and she throws the TV to the ground in a fit of rage.  Y meets her ex-boyfriend in a café, and she uses their sex video to blackmail him for money. She then goes with J on a spending spree, in preparation for their trip to Thailand. They return to J\'s apartment, where M has been waiting. J takes him inside to talk, leaving Y outside. Still feeling distraught, M threatens to kill himself with a bottle of pills. J pours the pills out and sweeps them into the trash, telling him that they won\'t be enough. She gives him the gun, then leaves, going into the bathroom to cry. M goes out into the street, where he sees Y in a phone booth. Mistaking her for J, he shoots her in the head and then kills himself. J comes outside to find them both dead, and she is now left alone.'] ['The film is a love comedy which follows the lives of two buxom sisters as they take their graduating exams to become witches. The object of the exam is to get marriage proposals from mortal men.Based on {{cite web}}'] ['A beekeeper becomes romantically involved with a mudang and her daughter in a village. The daughter leaves with the beekeeper, but after her mother dies in a house fire, she returns to the village leaving the beekeeper alone.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04522|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["Loose cannon Kwak Jang-bae , a neighborhood policeman, is obsessed with his sexual prowess and continually wants to have sex with his live-in girlfriend, Ji-su , an English teacher at a private school who is bored with his macho behavior. Forthright high-school student Ju Ja-hye  sells her sweat-stained panties on the internet and wants to lose her virginity to scruffy fish-sausage seller Choi-kang Sang-du ; the older man is uninterested in her advances but Ja-hye cannot work out why. Ja-hye's mother , who sells hanbok , discovers the owner of a hardware shop opposite, Gi-bong , is into S&M and starts having sessions with him in the back of his shop, assuming a dominatrix role. Kim Gwang-rok , Ja-hye's teacher, is a married man who is secretly into wearing women's clothes when his wife is not around. When Jang-bae discovers Ji-su has ordered a vibrator, he has a major crisis over his manhood and stops sleeping with her. Meanwhile, as his neighborhood has been marked for a moral clean-up campaign by the police, it's only time before Jang-bae also bumps heads with its denizens' licentious goings-on.<ref nameElley|firstFoxy Festival|urlFilm Business Asia|date=1 September 2011}}"] ["A softcore sex film in Nikkatsu's Roman Porno series with comedy and science-fiction themes. A sexy young woman travels 15 years into the future to 2001, where she engages in various sexual escapades.{{cite book}}"] ["A conceited Ming Dynasty scholar called Wei Yangsheng believes that since life is short, one should pursue the ultimate sexual pleasure as time permits. By chance, he meets Yuxiang, the daughter of the Taoist priest Tie Fei, falls in love with her on first sight, and marries her. Yuxiang is elegant and courteous under the influence of her father's faith, though her lack of passion cannot fully satisfy Wei Yangsheng's sexual needs. His disappointment is no less than his affection for her. He ventures in search of ways to increase his sex drive and performance in bed."] ["The film begins with Lucía  at work as a waitress, talking on the phone with her depressed boyfriend Lorenzo . Worried, she goes home to console him. Finding an empty apartment, Lucía frantically looks for him. She finally receives a phone call from the police and finds a suicide note, but she is so afraid of the bad news that she hangs up, assuming the worst has happened to Lorenzo. Looking for a new beginning, Lucía decides to travel to the mysterious Balearic Islands that Lorenzo had always talked about. The plot breaks to six years earlier: Lorenzo is having casual sex in the ocean with a woman named Elena. They part ways, expecting to never see each other again. She becomes pregnant with his baby, so she ventures off to find him. Lorenzo talks with his literary agent at a restaurant, discussing his writer's block. Lucía catches his attention as he gets up from his table. She tells him that ever since she read his latest book, she has been following him and has fallen passionately in love with him. A smitten Lorenzo immediately engages the sexy, passionate Lucía and they move in together at Lorenzo's apartment. The film then continues interweaving past and present, people in real life and the characters in Lorenzo's novel. As the past plays out, we see Lorenzo repeatedly stalling for time on his new book with his editor while his relationship with Lucía deepens. Lorenzo learns that he has a daughter as a result of his encounter with Elena and begins to visit the child at her school while meeting her babysitter Belén. Lorenzo uses his new encounters as content for his book. Belén flirts with Lorenzo and invites him over to Elena's house while she babysits the daughter, Luna. Lorenzo tells Luna a bedtime story, and after she falls asleep, he and Belén begin to make love. They are interrupted as Luna knocks at the bedroom door, and they watch in horror as the family dog kills her. Lorenzo runs away and falls into a deep depression. All the while, he writes about his new experiences with Belén. Lucía reads it, thinking it is fiction. In the present, Lucía meets a scuba diver on the island, Carlos, and through him, Elena, who runs an inn on the island to cope with her grief. Lucía rents a room at the inn. As the past is revealed, the characters cope with its significance in the present and understand the entanglements of their interwoven relationships."] ['In 1830, at a finishing school in Styria, Mircalla arrives as a new student. A visiting author, Richard Lestrange, instantly falls in love with her; but Mircalla is a vampire&mdash;Carmilla Karnstein&mdash;who has been resurrected by her vampiric family. As students in the school, inhabitants of the nearby village and those who suspect Mircalla is responsible start to die, suspicion turns toward the Karnsteins and their ominous castle.'] ['Kyōko is a woman with a promiscuous past who is sexually unsatisfied with her marriage. Her frustrations lead her to have hedonistic dreams, such as her mother and grandfather having sex together. Seeking to rejuvenate her marriage, she throws a wild party. The ploy is a success.Weisser, pp. 252-253.'] ['A farmer in a community near Jirisan falls in love with and marries an itinerant performer. She plans to betray him by robbing him and leaving with her old boyfriend, another itinerant performer, when he comes to the village. Eventually she realizes she loves the farmer and stays with him.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation03841|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["In the remote countryside of Ilongo, various women are sexually abused by local men. Two sisters, Tonya , a sexually repressed young woman, and Selda , a promiscuous woman, meet Simon , the most attractive man in the village. Tonya teaches catechism to the children of the village. Selda comes home from the city with her American lover, whom she throws out shortly afterward. She's the exact opposite of Tonya, as her views on sex are more liberal and less guilt-filled. Tonya is secretly sexually attracted to Simon, but she refuses his sexual advances."] ["Kizaki kidnaps Yuriko and engages in a rape and torture session with her, which he photographs. With the photos, he blackmails aristocratic flower arrangement teacher Yumeji, Yuriko's older sister. Rather than allow him to shame her clan by sending the photos to the media, Yumeji goes to Kizaki. Kizaki then proceeds to rape and torture Yumeji, who was his true desire all along. Yumeji escapes from Kizaki at the end of the film.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn226 }}"] ["The film tells the modern love story set over a period of 12 months in London, England, of a young couple: Matt, a British climatologist, and Lisa, an American exchange student. The story is framed in a personal review from Matt's perspective when he is working in Antarctica. Their main common interest is a passion for live music and they frequently attend rock concerts together; the film depicts the couple, or Matt alone, watching nine songs at Brixton Academy and other concert venues. It also shows their weekend getaway into the countryside, and their travels around London. Lisa brings their short and intense relationship to an end at Christmas time when she returns home to the United States."] ['After her boyfriend leaves her, a 28-year-old woman has a romance with a 20-year-old man.<ref namehttp://www.dvdasian.com/_e/Japan/product/14774/No_Love_Juice_Rustling_In_Bed_aka_Fuwafuwa_To_Beddo_No_Uedo_.htm|title2009-05-29|publisher=DVD Asian.com}}'] ['Gas station attendant Clint Ramsey, who works at Martin Bormann\'s Super Service in the desert, finds himself too irresistible to a series of women, all of whom have the word "Super" in their given names. In the beginning, he is married to the hypersexual, demanding, and jealous SuperAngel , who constantly harasses him at work. She orders him home at once when she calls Clint and overhears a female customer, SuperLorna , hitting on him at work. Clint finds SuperAngel\'s constant accusations and arguing a turnoff and, back at home, they fight after he rejects her aggressive advances. A neighbor calls the police as Clint leaves for a local bar, where the bartender is the very scantily clad SuperHaji ([[Haji . Meanwhile, SuperAngel seduces Harry Sledge ([[Charles Napier , the cop who responded to the police call. He is impotent and unable to perform. She repeatedly taunts and insults him over this, which finally results in him killing her by stomping her brutally in a bathtub, then throwing a radio in the water which was plugged into the wall socket. Sledge burns down the house, then tries to pin the murder on Clint. Clint claims being in the pub all night, but SuperHaji has her revenge on him  by refusing to confirm his alibi. Clint is then forced to flee. In his rush to escape, Clint hitchhikes a ride from a man  and his girlfriend SuperCherry . During the drive, SuperCherry comes on to him and puts his hand over her breast, but then pulls it back. She then tries to give him a handjob over his pants, but he continues to resist her advances. The driver takes offense to Clint rejecting his girlfriend, but she says he probably just wants a closer contact. She again attempts and fails to seduce him and he asks the driver to let him get out. The driver follows him out and beats and robs him. Clint is found by an old farmer who takes him to his farm to heal from his injuries and Clint agrees to work for the farmer for a week to repay him. The farmer has a younger Austrian mail-order bride, SuperSoul , who is hypersexual. After energetically satisfying her husband, she comes knocking on Clint\'s door at night. She immediately pushes him into his bed where she proceeds to mount and rape him, until he manages to overpower her. However, she does the same the following day and this time overpowering him after jumping him from behind in the barn. Looking for SuperSoul, the farmer finds them in the barn, then chases Clint away and punches SuperSoul. Fleeing from the farm, Clint meets a motel owner and his deaf daughter, SuperEula , who convinces him to take a ride with her in her dune buggy to have sex in the desert. They are caught by her father and chased out of town. Clint eventually meets up with SuperVixen  at Supervixen\'s Oasis, a roadside diner. SuperVixen is  a friendly and giving reincarnation of SuperAngel, whose ghost now appears nude between scenes to comment on the plot from atop a bedspring balanced on a mesa. Clint and SuperVixen fall in love and are inseparable, although their common nemesis, Harry Sledge, arrives on the scene and plots ending the lives of the now happy couple.'] ["An Indian king overhears a parrot telling erotic stories to his daughter, and is angered. He desires to kill the parrot. The princess intervenes and saves the parrot's life by explaining to her father that the bird does not know what it is saying. In gratitude, the bird flies to the princess's lover and leads the lover through a labyrinth to the princess's private chambers. The princess and the lover spend the night making love.<ref name The Cloud Door | url2011-06-04 | publisher=Ziegler Films }}"] ["A couple checks into a suite in Las Vegas. In flashbacks we see that he's a computer whiz on the verge of becoming a dot.com millionaire , she's a lap dancer at a club . He's depressed, withdrawing from work, missing meetings with investors. He wants a connection, so he offers her $10,000 to spend three nights with him in Vegas, and she accepts with conditions: four hours per night of erotic play, and no penetration. During the days in Vegas, they get to know each other, have fun, meet a friend of hers, casino dealer Jerri ; at night, at least after the first night, things seem to get complicated. When the three days are over, the stripper makes it clear that she was only there for the money and that the man she spent the time with was just a client. Upset that the feelings he had weren't mutual he then rapes her, which she makes no attempt to stop. She then masturbates for him to achieve orgasm. The next day he returns home heartbroken. The movie ends with his return to the strip club to see the woman he fell in love with again. She greets him fondly and says that she is glad to see him again. Because the movie is shown in a non-linear format, it is left to the viewer's interpretation of when this event occurred."] ['The satirical film spoofs several recent pop cultural It Girl moments such as Janet Jackson\'s wardrobe malfunction and Ashlee Simpson\'s lip synching fiasco. It has also been called an African American Red Shoe Diaries.Afrodite Superstar Afrodite Superstar evolves the standard fairytale of Cinderella —girl gets her prince and a sense of self as well. The plot summary: Have you ever dreamed of being a superstar? Poor little rich girl AfroDite hasn’t—not until she runs into CEO, the mogul’s mogul of hip hop. Catapulted in to the world of made mega-stars, AfroDite quickly becomes a top selling rapper and nothing can keep her down – not wardrobe malfunctions, not lip synching fiascos, nothing! Well, almost nothing. Finding herself a little socially challenged in the love department, her secret crush CEO only seems to see dollar signs on her forehead. The principal questions are "Will AfroDite get her man" and "Will super-stardom turn out to be everything she never wished for?"'] ['The film is separated into four stories. The first story involves André  who takes his 16-year old cousin  to the beach to perform fellatio on him in tune to the waves of the incoming tide. The second story is titled Thérése Philosophe and involves a teenage country girl  who intermingles sexual desires in her imagination with her dedication to Christ after being locked in her room. The third story features Elizabeth Báthory  as a Countess who murders young girls in order to gain eternal youth by bathing in their blood. The final story involves the daughter of Pope Alexander VI, Lucrezia Borgia , having sex with her male relatives.'] ["Okoma is a female yakuza and gambler who returns to her hometown after a two year absence. She finds that her old boss has been killed and a rival gang is taking over her own gang's territory. Okoma forms her own gang to seek vengeance. The rival gang captures and tortures her, but she escapes. In the ensuing gang war, the rival gang, and most of her old gang are wiped out. Okoma leaves again, alone in her victory.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn353}}"] ['Erotic Ghost Story revolves around three fairies  who have attained human form. Upon helping a hapless scholar, the trio begin to have lustful thoughts about him. This soon leads to many erotic romps and the eventual discovery that he is a dangerous demon.'] ["The story takes place in and around Paris, France in 1931. The story told is one of a love triangle between the Millers and Anaïs Nin . She is in a stable relationship with Hugo , but longs for more out of life. When Anaïs Nin first meets Henry Miller , she sees in him a rough man from New York. He has a talent for literature and is working on his first book. Nin sees Henry and his wife June  as having a liberating, bohemian lifestyle that she is drawn to. Nin becomes involved in the couple's tormented relationship, having an affair with Henry and also pursuing June. Ultimately, Nin helps Henry to publish his novel, Tropic of Cancer, but catalyzes the Millers' separation, while she returns to her husband Hugo."] ['Over a black screen, Sada Abe  tells some of the aliases she had used in her past. The opening concludes when the words "Kichi Sada 2" appear on the screen, followed by a newspaper headline, "Document: Sada Abe," which is the Japanese title of the film. The lovers, Sada and Kichi  are then shown together, with Kichi predicting that he will die if their love-making continues. Soldiers pass the couple as they enter an inn, placing the story in the context of Japan\'s military build-up. They engage in a love-making session which lasts between April 23 and May 7, 1936. Some of their S&M games involve knives, biting and mutual strangulation. When Kichi leaves Sada for a shave, she jealously accuses him of "committing adultery" on her with his wife. Soldiers are seen marching past a crowd which is listening to a report of the "February 26 Incident" on the radio. Sada and Kichi, uninterested, leave the crowd to continue their love-making. After strangling each other with their obis , Kichi\'s neck is red, and Sada sends for a doctor. Kichi is told to go on a liquid diet, and he plans to return home for two months to recover. Sada is upset at losing Kichi, and spills all of his medicine. During another love-making session, Kichi invites Sada to strangle him again, telling her not to stop half-way this time, since it would be too painful afterwards. After killing him, Sada rubs her breasts against Kichi\'s face, attempts to feed him beer, and then castrates him. She then cuts herself and writes "Kichi Sada 2" with her blood on his body. During the progress of this scene, Sada\'s past life is told in flashbacks. She is banished from her wealthy family after losing her virginity to rape. She wanders around Japan working as a prostitute and bar-maid, eventually finding employment at the current inn where she met Kichi. The final sequence has her crime discovered and becoming a national sensation. Sada, while discussing the story with a masseur who is unaware of her identity, says that Sada must have loved Kichi very much since she wanted the whole country to know about them. The film ends with Sada\'s arrest.Synopsis based on {{cite book}} and Weisser, p.356.'] ["Patricia Porker  is a shy New Jersey high school girl whose life is changed forever when she is bitten by a genetically-engineered spider and turns into a wall-climbing beauty with superhuman strength. Calling herself SpiderBabe, she uses her newfound powers to enter a wrestling contest and win enough money to move out of her Uncle Flem and Aunt Maybe's home and into her own apartment with Lisa Knox . However, a robber interferes and inspires Patricia to fight crime in New York City. Meanwhile, Lisa's ambitious sister, Lucinda Knox , uses the same genetic engineering techniques that Patricia's science teacher, Dr. Dowell , had used on a spider on herself, and gains a villainous alter-ego, the sexy and evil genius Femtilian. Like Norman Osborn  in the original movie which this one spoofs, Femtilian sets out on a quest for world domination which brings her into conflict with the heroic SpiderBabe."] ["This time in the Madame Aema series, Aema leaves her husband, tired of his demanding ways. She moves to Jeju Island and lives with her friend, Young-ju. She begins having an affair with a member of a Samul nori group. Shocked by Young-ju's lesbian advances, and persuaded by her boyfriend, Aema returns to her husband.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04710|title2009-06-29|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}"] ['This film is set in 1943 when the whole of Europe was embroiled in WWII. It deals with attraction of a 15 year old boy Stig to his teacher Viola. The whole movie revolves around the sexual encounters between Stig and Viola and how he eventually grows out of it.'] ['A horror story about a man who is attracted to the younger of two sisters who have moved into the apartment next to his. After he is seduced by the older sister, he develops an omnivorous sexual appetite.{{cite web}}'] ['She’s got a killer secret! In one of the most outrageous and taboo-smashing Shaw Brothers classics, sweet young Ainu  is abducted and sold off to the popular Four Seasons brothel run by lusty madam , who falls for her nubile charge and entrusts her with a number of martial arts secrets like “Ghost Hands,” which allows a fighter to plunge into an opponent’s chest. Soon murder erupts within the brothel, and a policeman must race against time to prevent a vicious revenge plot from reaching its blood-spattered conclusion.'] ["Two assistants to an S&M photographer decide to practise their master's art on their own. They convince a young woman to pose for them and subject her to bondage and torture during the photography session. After their work is finished, the three go to the home of the young woman's ex-boyfriend and attack him and his wife.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn298}}"] ["An-hyeop, a beautiful young woman, lives in a small village in Korea during the Japanese occupation. Her husband, Sam-bo, is a traveling gambler who returns home for short periods after months away. During his long absences, An-hyeop earns food, money and other goods by picking mulberry leaves  for a neighbor who raises silk-worms, and also by having sex with nearly every male in the village. Angered by An-hyeop's influence over their husbands, the village women conspire to drive her away, first by beating her, and then by convincing the village elder expel her. When the elder visits An-hyeop's home to convince her to leave, she instead wins him over to her side by seducing him. The only man An-hyeop refuses to have sex with is Sam-dol, the village servant. Frustrated and infuriated, Sam-dol retaliates by telling An-hyeop's husband about her sexual promiscuity when he returns to the village. Sam-bo, An-hyeop's husband, reacts by beating Sam-dol for his verbal abuse of his wife. As Sam-bo again leaves to gamble, An-hyeop is again left to fend for herself, gathering mulberry leaves. The film closes with a lively, humorous ode to Spring  and mulberry .Synopsis based on {{cite web}}, {{cite web}} and Mulberry, 'Ppong'   DVD, viewed October 23, 2007."] ['Mio is a young woman whose husband is a millionaire\'s son. When he becomes impotent following an automobile accident, she begins an affair with their gardener and chauffeur, Nitta. After her husband discovers Mio\'s infidelity, he forces her to leave.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn 223–224}}{{cite journal}}"Lady Chatterley in Tokyo". Adam Film World October 1978, pp. 60–63.'] ['Katsu, a young man who has spent five years drifting around Japan, returns to his coastal village hometown hoping to restart his life. Though the villagers recognize him, he refuses to admit to his past identity. He sets about disrupting social conventions and engaging in sexual and violent affronts to decorum. A local girl befriends him.{{cite book}}'] ['Tomoko, the wife of an impotent and bitter man, hires a younger man to help her run her printing press business. She becomes involved in an affair with him. A suspense-pink in homage to The Postman Always Rings Twice .{{cite web}} {{Dead link}}'] ['Emmanuelle  is a free-spirited woman who makes erotic arthouse films and runs a dance studio out of her loft in Paris. The movie opens with a "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" style montage of Cannes, with a documentary-like narration giving us an overview of the famous film festival held there every year. A film within a film, the sequence shows Emmanuelle premiering her latest film, Love Express, in Cannes, causing a scandal in the process. Later, she defends her film at a press conference to reporters who accuse her of creating pornography. After the Q&A, Emmanuelle\'s producer introduces her to Prince Rajid, a wealthy despot who owns the fictional Arab country of Benglagistan. He is apparently obsessed with Emmanuelle and wants to premiere the film in his homeland. Outside, a throng of male fans awaits Emmanuelle, all desperate for a touch of the famed beauty. Things quickly escalate and the mob strips her of every last article of clothing, sending her jumping onto a stranger\'s departing boat for safety. Her unwitting saviour is Charles D. Foster, a young millionaire who disapproves of Emmanuelle\'s erotic films. The couple quickly fall in love after a night of exciting sex on his yacht. After an argument with the concerned Foster, Emmanuelle travels to Benglagistan to promote her film, and meets Eddie, an Indiana Jones style danger-seeker who befriends her. Prince Rajid kidnaps her for his harem and decides to make her one of his 50 wives. Eddie helps her escape, and together they run into the jungle. Charles send an army helicopter to help Emmanuelle. Eddie dies in the shootout but she escapes with the helicopter. Emmanuelle joins Charles D. Foster on a midnight plane ride where they drink champagne and make love. The plane quickly falters and crashes into the mountains near Las Vegas. After being rescued and returning home to mourn her dead lover, she receives a note and flowers and realizes Foster is alive and loves only her.'] ['A woman living in an expensive Tokyo apartment suspects that the piano tuner living on the same floor is the man who raped her years before. When she witnesses the man raping another woman, she becomes convinced of his identity, but is unwilling to report him to the police because of a mysterious attraction she has towards him.'] ['{{Confusing}} Stacy  has a promiscuous past, and after learning of the AIDS epidemic she wants to find a guy whom she knows is clean, so she convinces her childhood friend Melissa  to go to a health spa for singles. They received or bought a basket filled with condoms. At the spa, Stacy meets Nick , a struggling musician, and Vinny, aka the Vin Man , an annoying Italian-American man from New Jersey whom she tries to avoid. At an event called International Night, the men and women all take miniature flags and put them in plunger-shaped hats and then meet the person with the identical flag. After becoming upset over a bad experience at the flag party, Melissa threatens to return to LA. However, Melissa soon connects with a spa staff member, Jamie , who gives her her first orgasm. A confused Stacy returns to LA via the 2PM bus, not knowing that Melissa remained at the resort. Stacy repeats past behavior and brings Nick back to her apartment, however she soon realizes that he\'s a loser who is taking up all her space and that she actually doesn\'t really like him. She rents a pink Cadillac and returns to the spa, where Melissa tells Stacey about Jamie and Stacey is relieved. On the way back to LA, Stacey commiserates with Vinny over their disappointment with the spa experience and upon returning to New Jersey, he experiences some life changes. After a period of time, Stacey is shown at Christmas time opening the door and letting Melissa and Jamie in. As they come in, Stacy\'s now-husband, Vinny, her two young boys, and their dog come down the stairs. Reminiscent of an earlier joke involving an old man and a dog, Melissa and Stacy laugh as the boys attack Vinny and Jamie, Stacy says, "There\'s your boyfriend" Melissa replies, "So what, there\'s yours." Finally Stacy says to the camera, "Yeah, that\'s my boyfriend" and smiles then hugs Melissa. The movie makes frequent use of breaking the fourth wall. The movie opens to the lyrics of Hot Hot Hot and closes with " Casual Sex"  by Kid Creole and the Coconuts. Rotten Tomatoes does not have a rating for the movie, but the 3 reviews it collected were all negative.Rotten Tomatoes - Casual Sex?'] ['The film is a parody of {{nihongo}}, a tennis manga. Similar characters to that in the manga include "Madam Butterfly", a rich snob of a professional tennis player, and Hiromi, her suffering opponent.Weisser, p. 448.'] ["As the film begins, Emmanuelle is travelling by ship to join her husband, Jean, in Hong Kong. To her annoyance there are no cabins available and she has to sleep in an all-female dorm. During the night, she is awakened by the girl in the neighboring bunk, who tells her that she is afraid of sleeping in a room full of women because she was raped by three Filipino girls while at boarding school in Macao - she concludes by confessing that she enjoyed it. Emmanuelle recognizes this as an invitation and the two women have sex. Arriving in Hong Kong, Emmanuelle is reunited with Jean and, after a couple of attempts, manage to have passionate reunion sex. Emmanuelle slips into the life of the Hong Kong expat community. She becomes friends with Anna Maria, the young stepdaughter of one of Jean's lovers. The two swap sexual confidences and Anna Maria is forced to admit that she is still a virgin. Emmanuelle schemes to remedy this. Over the course of the film, Emmanuelle has a series of sexual encounters. She has sex with Anna Maria's dance teacher and with a tattooed man in the locker room of the polo club. She experiences vivid sexual fantasies during an acupuncture session and also masquerades as a prostitute in a notorious Hong Kong brothel, where she has sex with a group of sailors . Together with Jean and Anna Maria she visits a bath-house, where they have steamy, full body contact massages from a trio of Thai woman. Emmanuelle, Jean, and Anna Maria take a trip to Bali. When Jean emerges from the shower that night he finds Emmanuelle and Anna Maria waiting for him on the bed. Emmanuelle undresses Anna Maria and makes love to her, before sitting back and smiling approvingly while Jean takes the young woman's virginity."] ['Karl Kinsky  is a mentally ill tattoo artist who is hired to create temporary tattoos for some models. He becomes obsessed with one of them, Maddy , and kidnaps her in order to force her to wear "his mark". He keeps her captive as he creates his masterpiece on her body. Throughout the ensuing captivity, Maddy tries several times to escape, but her attempts are continually thwarted by Kinsky.'] ['James Ballard , a film producer, and his wife, Catherine , are in an open marriage. The couple engage in various infidelities, but between them have only unenthusiastic sex. Their arousal is heightened by discussing the intimate details of their extramarital sex. While driving home from work late one night, Ballard\'s car collides head-on with another, killing its male passenger. While trapped in the fused wreckage, the driver, Dr. Helen Remington , wife of the killed passenger, exposes a breast to Ballard when she pulls off the shoulder harness of her seat belt. While recovering, Ballard meets Remington again, as well as a man named Vaughan , who takes a keen interest in the brace holding Ballard\'s shattered leg together and photographs it. While leaving the hospital, Remington and Ballard begin an affair, one primarily fueled by their shared experience of the car crash . In an attempt to make some sense of why they are so aroused by their car wreck, they go to see one of Vaughan\'s cult meetings/performance pieces, an actual recreation of the car crash that killed James Dean with authentic cars and stunt drivers. When Transport Ministry officials break up the event Ballard flees with Remington and Vaughan. Ballard becomes one of Vaughan\'s followers who fetishise car accidents, obsessively watching car safety test videos and photographing traffic accident sites. Ballard drives Vaughan\'s Lincoln convertible around the city while Vaughan picks up and uses street prostitutes, and later Ballard\'s wife. In turn, Ballard has a dalliance with one of the other group members, Gabrielle , a beautiful woman whose legs are clad in restrictive steel braces, and who has a vulva-like scar on the back of one of her thighs, which is used as a substitute for a vagina by Ballard. The film\'s sexual couplings in  cars are not restricted to heterosexual experiences. While watching videos of car crashes, Remington becomes extremely aroused and gropes the crotches of both Ballard and Gabrielle, suggesting an imminent ménage à trois. In fact, Vaughan and Ballard eventually turn towards each other and have a homosexual encounter while later, Gabrielle and Remington have a lesbian affair. Though Vaughan claims at first that he is interested in the "reshaping of the human body by modern technology," in fact his project is to live out the philosophy that the car crash is a "fertilising rather than a destructive event, mediating the sexuality of those who have died with an intensity that\'s impossible in any other form." The film\'s climax begins with Vaughan\'s death and ends with Ballard being involved in another semi-deliberate car accident, this one involving his wife. Their fetish for car crashes has, ironically enough, had a strengthening effect on the Ballards\' marriage. As he caresses her bruised body in the grass median near the accident, Ballard and his wife display much more affection for each other than they had previously, ending with Ballard lamenting, "Maybe next time" possibly implying that the logical end result of their extreme fetish is death.'] ["Akiko is the heir to a yakuza clan. Hitoshi, who has been kicked out of the rival Hono Clan after attempting to seduce Akiko, kidnaps her at the behest of Hanamura. Hanamura has formed a new gang and intends to use Akiko as a hostage to take over her clan's territory. During the torture and abuse sessions which follow, Akiko comes to enjoy the treatment and forsakes her gangland empire.{{cite book}}"] ["Famous real-life stripper Sayuri Ichijō appears as herself in this fictional account of her daily life. The story involves Ichijō's relationships with two men: Her boyfriend, and the strip-club owner. Ichijō considers her work in striptease to be an art-form and pushes the boundaries of legality. Harumi, a younger stripper determined to outdo Ichijō, contributes to the ever-increasing extremity of the strip acts, which result in continuous problems with the police, and numerous arrests.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}"] ["The story is loosely based on a 1926 short story by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, published in Chūōkōron in September 1926. The film opens as an artist and a young woman are in a dentist's waiting room. Though he is attracted to the woman, he says nothing to her. They are later in the same examining room. When the artist is given an anaesthetic, he begins to imagine a series of scenes in which the woman undergoes various forms of sexual abuse at the hand of the dentist, including rape and torture. When the artist recovers from the anaesthetic, he finds bite marks on the woman's breast, indicating that he may not have been hallucinating.Synopsis based on Weisser, p.102. and {{cite book}}"] ['A group of photographers and their models go to a forest retreat. They engage in S&M play and lots of softcore sex. Eventually they get picked off one-by-one by a filth-covered "demon" with an unnaturally large penis. Most of the sex scenes are fogged.Motion Picture Purgatory: Entrails of a Virgin'] ["This erotic tale centers on the alluring Anita , whose search for love leads to an empty life of nymphomania. Anita's self-destructive path takes a new turn when she meets college student Erik , who tries to help her overcome her addiction. Erik plays the role of counselor as Anita slowly reveals her troubled past, but will his prescription of ultimate ecstasy really cure her? The film was made in Stockholm, Katrineholm and the church in Vadsbro with its two towers."] ['In early 19th century Styria, a beautiful blonde  in a diaphanous gown materialises from a misty graveyard. Encountering the Baron Hartog , a vampire hunter out to avenge the death of his sister, the girl is revealed as a vampire when her breast is seared by his crucifix. Baring her fangs to attack the Baron, she is swiftly decapitated. Many years later, a sultry dark-haired lady leaves her daughter Marcilla  in the care of General von Spielsdorf  and his family at their Styrian mansion. Marcilla quickly befriends the General\'s daughter, Laura . Laura suffers nightmares that she is being attacked, and her health deteriorates until she dies. Marcilla vanishes from the General\'s home. Faking a carriage break-down, Marcilla\'s mother leaves her  at the residence of a Mr Morton. Here, Carmilla befriends and seduces Morton\'s daughter Emma  but her need to feed overcomes her emotional attachment and Emma too begins to fade. Emma has nightmares of being pierced over the heart, and her breast shows tiny wounds. Emma\'s governess, Mme. Perrodot  also falls victim to Carmilla\'s erotic blandishments and becomes her willing tool. Some in the household, the butler and a doctor, suspect what might be happening, especially in the wake of several local girls suddenly dying, but Carmilla kills each one. All the while, a mysterious man in black  watches events from a distance, smiling . After Carmilla kills the butler, having convinced him that Mme. Perrodot is a vampire then persuaded him  to remove the garlic protecting Emma, Carmilla goes to Emma\'s bedroom. She says she must go away, but is taking Emma with her. A desperate and sick Madame begs Carmilla to take her with her. Carmilla kills her, in front of a horrified Emma. Emma is barely rescued by a young man named Carl  who fashions a makeshift cross from his dagger. Carmilla flees to her nearby ancestral castle, now a ruin. All this coincides with the arrival of the General, who brings with him a now-aged Baron Hartog. They find Carmilla\'s grave, where she sleeps. Her eyes open, and interestingly enough she makes no move to defend herself. The General lifts a stake—and back in her bedchamber Emma screams "No!"—then drives it into Carmilla\'s heart. He then cuts off her head. Carmilla\'s portrait on the wall decays, showing now a fanged skeleton instead of a beautiful young woman.'] ["Based on the 1964 novel of the same name by Komimasa Tanaka, the film tell the story of a strip-teaser, and her daughter who wishes to join her mother's profession.{{cite web}}"] ['The opening of the film depicts teenager Ken Park  skateboarding across Visalia. He arrives at a skate park, where he casually sits in the middle of it, sets up a camcorder, and shoots himself in the head using a handgun. His death is used to set up the rest of the film, which follows four other teens he used to hang out with, shortly afterward the suicide: Shawn: The most stable of the four main characters, Shawn has an ongoing sexual relationship with his girlfriend\'s mother Rhonda throughout the story. He casually socializes with their family, who  are completely unaware of the situation. Claude: A teen who is largely at the mercy of his violent, alcoholic father, Claude tries to take care of his pregnant mother. His father despises him for being insufficiently manly, but after coming home drunk one night, attempts to perform oral sex on him, and Claude runs away from home. Peaches: She is a sweet girl living alone with her extremely religious father, who fixates on her as the embodiment of her deceased mother. When her father catches her having sex with her boyfriend, he beats the boy and savagely disciplines her, including forcing her to participate in a quasi-incestuous wedding ritual with him. Tate: Sadistic and unstable, Tate lives with his grandparents whom he frequently verbally abuses, and is shown engaging in autoerotic asphyxiation to orgasm. He later murders his grandparents in their bed, in retaliation for his grandfather "cheating" at Scrabble and his grandmother for "invading his privacy"; the act arouses him sexually. The film cuts frequently between subplots, with no overlap of characters or events from one subplot to another until the end. As Tate is being arrested, Shawn, Claude, and Peaches meet and have sex as a threesome. The film finally reveals the motive behind Ken Park\'s suicide: He had impregnated his girlfriend, who responded to his suggestion of abortion by asking if he regretted his mother not aborting him. Concluding that he did, he skates off to kill himself.'] ['Aema and her husband, from Madame Aema  have now divorced. While on vacation on Jeju Island, Aema contemplates her current love affairs, and returning to her husband, who is now living with another woman. Resolving to become independent, Aema declares that love and marriage are separate things.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation03757|title2009-06-24|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}'] ['The film tells the story of a female petty criminal, played by Reiko Ike, who becomes involved in international intrigue while searching for the sister of a man she saw murdered in a gambling den, as well as the gangsters responsible for murdering her father during her childhood.'] ['A working-class housewife is sexually unsatisfied by her husband. When she seeks extramarital relationships, her affairs are discovered by a brothel-owner who then blackmails the woman into working as a prostitute for her.'] ["The movie focuses on the actions of a revolutionary movement. One faction, with a leader called October, breaks into a US weapons depot and takes cases of hand bombs. While escaping several soldiers are killed and October is blinded by the blast from a mishandled case of bombs. The movement's highest authority deems October unfit and sends Winter's February, leader of another faction, to take October's remaining bombs through any means necessary. This causes October and his soldiers to undergo a shift in their approach. One by one, the members start to take matters into their own hands."] ['Viva Erotica is a sex-comedy film, though with a serious subject of how an artist has to compromise with his talents for living. The film is about an unsuccessful film-director Kwok-Wing  and his producer Chung , who agrees to make Category III sex/porn movies for their financial stability. Their movie projects are financed by a gangster head turned film boss Pui (Played by [[Paul Chun . Shu Qi and Karen Mok played the roles of the leading actresses in the movie. In the end, Wing finally decides not to kill his artistic talent by making a flesh-oriented porn movie.'] ['Two swindlers meet and fall in love in Gangwon Province. They pursue an unsuccessful life of crime together until deciding to settle down and live honestly.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04690|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["Connie Sumner  and Edward Sumner  are a couple who live in suburban New York City. Their marriage is solid and loving but lacking passion. One day, Connie journeys into the city, where she is caught in a windstorm. As she seeks a taxi, she bumps into a stranger . They both fall and Connie scrapes her knees. The stranger offers to let her use his apartment to clean up. The stranger introduces himself as Paul Martel, a Frenchman who buys and sells used books. When Martel makes small advances toward her, Connie becomes uncomfortable and decides to leave. He lets her go but gives her a book of Persian poetry, Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam as a gift. Later that night, Connie mentions the incident to her husband. The next morning, she visits Paul's apartment where they share coffee and discuss literature, but she gets scared and leaves when he tries to engage her physically. Unable to stop thinking of Paul, she returns to his place a third time and, after some initial hesitance on her part, they have sex. Connie and Paul begin a passionate sexual affair. Edward soon suspects something when his wife increases the frequency of her visits to Manhattan. She uses her work on a charity event as an excuse, but Edward finds holes in her stories when he speaks with mutual friends. Eventually, one of Edward's business partners catches a glimpse of Connie and Paul fawning over each other in a cafe and tells Edward, who hires a detective  to follow Connie. The detective returns with pictures of Connie and Paul, which devastates Edward. Connie sees Paul with another woman and attacks him, but he denies that the woman is special. She is enraged and they begin to fight in his building, but their anger turns into passion. Edward decides to visit Paul's apartment but leaves when unable to enter, and misses seeing Connie leave. He returns moments later, gets in and confronts Paul. Already upset, he is stunned to see a snow globe there, which he recognizes as his own gift to Connie. Paul says that Connie bought it for him as a gift, and Edward hits the other man with the globe and kills him. Edward cleans up the blood, wipes away his fingerprints and wraps Paul's body in a rug. As he works, the phone rings, and Edward hears Connie leaving a message that she must end the affair. Edward erases the message and leaves, putting the body in his car's trunk. Later that night, he drops it off at a dump. Two police detectives arrive at the Sumner home. They explain that Paul's wife had reported him missing and they had found Connie's phone number in his apartment. She claims to have met him only once. A week later, the detectives return and tell Connie that they found Paul's body. She becomes upset while repeating her earlier story; Edward backs her up and adds that he never met Paul. Later that night, collecting Edward's clothes for the dry cleaner's, Connie finds the private detective's photos and realizes that Edward knows about the affair. She concludes that he murdered Paul after noticing the snow globe has been returned to their home. Underneath the globe, she discovers a hidden compartment containing a photograph of her, Edward and Charlie, with an anniversary message from Edward, which causes Connie to cry. Edward and Connie confront each other. She burns the photographs; he offers to turn himself in. Connie rejects this and insists they will get through the crisis together. Later the couple are shown in their car stopped at an intersection, debating their next move; outside, the traffic lights change several times from red to green and back. The camera pulls back to reveal their car in front of a police station."] ['A man with a troubled past including incest with a younger sister and the murder of a woman travels to an isolated countryside town in Nagano. There a local who mistakes him for a famous television actor shows him the town\'s sites, including a strip bar in which the performers remove Heian era costumes. The film\'s narrative is in an allegorical and disjointed manner with references to Buddhist concepts.{{cite book |lastThomas|coauthorsJapanese Cinema Encyclopedia: The Sex Films|page1998|publisherMiami|isbn"Sharp-311"/>'] ["In the Victorian period, David  and Sarah , two teenagers, travel with a caravan from Baghdad to Damascus. At an oasis, the white slave agent 'Jackal' raids them, mainly to add the beautiful young Sarah to his harem of mistresses. David and Sarah and her manservant, Geoffrey narrowly escape, but all the others are slain in the massacre including David's American missionary parents. However, Geoffrey doesn't survive long, as he sees an encampment that, unbeknownst to Geoffrey, is run by the Jackal. Geoffrey goes to the encampment seeking help but is killed by the Jackal as the remaining duo takes a rest in a nearby enclave on their westerly direction toward civilization.Paradise  An Awakening in the Desert, New York Times, By Vincent Canby, Published May 10, 1982 Retrieved 7/5/08  Sarah and David's flight leads them to a beautiful oasis—their peaceful place in paradise—where they discover natural love and their sexuality. However, the Jackal has not given up on Sarah yet, and David must lure him to his death, or be killed by him. In the film's ending, David confronts the Jackal and is able to kill him. Sarah reveals to David that she is pregnant and the two young lovers have finally reached civilization, the city of Damascus."] ["A burglar, Scott Muller , teams up with Buddy Calamara , a valet in a high society restaurant. While Buddy keeps an eye on a rich couple, Scott robs the couple's home. One night, one of the items he takes is the wife's ([[Barbara Williams  diary. Scott begins to read the diary and discovers that the wife, Mickey, an interior designer, yearns for a more interesting life. He quickly becomes infatuated with her. The diary is full of her fantasies and dreams, and soon Scott plans to turn these into reality. While Mickey's husband, children's book author Ray Davis , gets too involved in his work and neglects his wife's needs, Scott uses his inside knowledge to seduce her, using the pretext of needing someone to redesign his apartment, and posing as a school supply company CEO. The forbidden romance soon blossoms into a passionate sexual relationship. Ray becomes suspicious of Scott's relationship with Mickey and turns angry when confronted by Mickey herself with the reason for the downfall of the couple's relationship. One night, during one robbery, Buddy kills a policeman who spotted them. After this, Scott becomes more and more tense when Mickey starts asking questions about him and his past. Meanwhile, Ray decides to follow Scott with his friend and publisher Marty Morrison  and starts snooping around the building used by the robbers, and finds out Scott is the thief that stole his belongings. Buddy sees Ray and goes to Scott's apartment to confront him with the news. Scott, visibly agitated, goes to see Mickey, asking her to leave the city with him, revealing to her he was the one who stole her diary. Her husband goes to warn her and starts to fight with Scott. Mickey comes to her husband's help and Scott then leaves. One night following the events, while the Davises go to a restaurant, Scott breaks in their house and reads Mickey's latest diary. He crosses Buddy, who came to rob them. Scott tries to stop him. They fight and one of them gets stabbed with Buddy's knife. The married couple come home to find the last standing intruder still in the house. Mickey gets out her pistol and aims at the masked man. A gunshot is heard and the man stumbles down. The police arrives and it is revealed that the man shot was Buddy. Mickey goes to their room and finds out that Scott is there, alive but wounded. It is revealed that he was the one who shot Buddy. He then escapes the police through the window as Mickey watches him running in the dark."] ['Val, a young, middle-class woman with a strong desire for sex, finds herself destitute after an abusive boyfriend runs off with all her money, and begins to earn a living as a high-class call girl but finds herself enjoying this life more than she could have hoped - or feared.From the description of the book at Amazon USA'] ["Jackie Morrison works as a CCTV operator for Glasgow City Council. She watches over a small part of the world and takes her duties to protect people seriously. In the film, she is presented as a person who observes parts of Glasgow through the CCTV lenses, but rarely participates in this world. She lives somewhat of an isolated existence. One day a man appears in her monitors, a man she thought she would never see again. Now that the opportunity presents itself, she is compelled to confront him. She becomes obsessed with following this man, both in real life and on the CCTV. Jackie attends a party at the man's flat on Red Road with a view to finding out more about him. The tension builds as it is not revealed immediately in the film as to why she is so obsessed with the man. The audience receives very little information as to why Jackie chooses to pursue this person with such determination, focus and resilience. At the end of the film the shocking truth is revealed."] ["Nami Matsushima is found in a wedding chapel by police led by detective Hirose. They handcuff her, but she is able to escape. Kudo, a worker in a sex show club, rescues her. He is a radical with a history of problems with the police. One of the women from the sex show, who had unsuccessfully tried to seduce Kudo, finds Nami's handcuffs in Kudo's things, and informs the police. The police arrest and beat Kudo and then release and tail him back to Nami's hiding place. Nami is captured and sentenced to death. Just before her execution, Nami is allowed to escape by a warden who cooperating with the police to set up Nami. Nami is taken to a gallows outside the prison where Hirose plans to hang her. She beats Hirose and he ends up hanged instead of her. Nami kills Kudo."] ['In 1987 Ivan and Catherine Greer live with their 9-year-old daughter, Joy, their housekeeper, Rebecca, and her two daughters, Ivy, 9, and Violet, 8. The three young girls live as sisters, but the more rambunctious Ivy is bored by their childish games of tea and rejoices at Ivan\'s unexpected early day return from the office, saying, "There\'s going to be fireworks." Ivy\'s prediction soon comes true. Ivan catches Rebecca in bed with the handsome pool boy, and the two men scuffle. As Ivan tends to his wounds, he and Rebecca begin a loud argument about their adulterous affair. The shouting brings Catherine\'s attention from the garden. Upon learning of the affair, she immediately evicts Rebecca and her children. Rebecca retaliates that Catherine cannot fulfill Ivan\'s sexual desires. As she and her daughters leave the Greer mansion, Joy is heartbroken to lose her only known siblings. In 1997, Violet returns to the Greer home and is reunited with Joy for the first time in ten years. Violet states that she is looking for a summer time residence while working as a waitress at Denny\'s Restaurants and planning to attend the local junior college. Joy suggests that she reside with them and stay in the late Catherine\'s room. Joy is an amateur tennis star and engaged to her Princeton boyfriend, Michael, who will be working as an intern for Mr. Greer\'s bank. During a late night party, Violet feels isolated and ridiculed by Joy\'s Ivy League friends, and excuses herself for late shift work. Afterward, Michael takes Joy to her room and initiates foreplay, only to be rejected. He accuses Joy of being sexually frigid, and insultingly says he understands her father\'s infidelity. As Michael is on his way out, he runs into Violet, who is dressed in a sadomasochistic costume, which causes him to question her employment at Denny\'s. Violet states that the two have gotten off on the wrong foot, and proceeds to perform oral sex on him. Violet\'s obsession with Joy motivates her to destroy all of her other relationships. When her tennis partner, Jaimie comes over to practice with Joy, Violet spikes their drinks with alcohol and then undresses into her bra in bed with the unconscious and handcuffed Jaimie, convincing her the three have just engaged in sex. A horrified, half clothed, and handcuffed Jaimie flees the Greer house, thus ending their friendship. Michael is Violet\'s next target. While by the Greer pool, she convinces him Joy has been unfaithful and seduces him into sex, while she provides him with cocaine to reignite his former addiction. Michael is not appreciative of her vices and vows never to see her again, thereby confirming her prejudiced belief that all men are uncaring and deceitful. Ivan is the next to be seduced as Violet sabotages his date when she swims topless in his pool, and dresses in his late wife\'s clothing. The two wish to rekindle the passion that existed during Ivan\'s affair with Rebecca. The Greers\' housekeeper, Mrs. B, quickly catches on to the recent events, and makes enemies with Violet in her attempts to thwart her schemes. Michael confronts Violet while she is "street walking". He then reveals to her that he has lost his internship at the bank because of drugs and that he knows of her schemes, including working as a sadomasochistic prostitute, her false employment at Denny\'s, and her dark family history including the death of Ivy . He threatens that she must leave the Greers\' before he tells Joy the truth. When Michael arrives at the Greers\' later that day, Violet knocks him unconscious, ties him to a bed and gags him, and injects him with a lethal dose of drugs, killing him. Joy returns from a failed tennis match distraught at the recent drama of events, only to learn of Michael\'s death and walk in on her father and Violet in sadomasochism. As a traumatized Joy flees, Ivan tells Violet she must leave, to which she accuses him of repeating the abandonment of her mother. She hides the drugs for Ivan\'s heart condition and places him in the garage fatally poisoning him with carbon monoxide by leaving a car engine running. After a drive, Joy returns that same night, to now discover Mrs. B is also murdered. Violet induces Joy to dress up and play tea like they did when they were children, where they will commit suicide by drinking poison. Joy violently resists by splashing the poison on Violet\'s face, and the two wrestle around the room. Violet attempts to stab Joy with a pair of scissors, but Joy is able to knock her back before she strikes. Joy races out of the room to the stairway, where she leans on the banister and cries out for help. Violet regains her senses and goes to resume her attack. Violet is spun around by Joy and begins to lose her balance at the top of the stairs. Joy grasps the end of Violet\'s pearl necklace to keep her from falling. Still holding on to the pearl necklace, Joy pleads with Violet to reach out and save herself. Instead Violet leans her head back and raises her arms in the air. In doing so, the necklace shatters and Violet\'s feet slip, causing her to fall backwards down the stairs. Violet lies motionless at the bottom of the stairs, lifeless. Joy calmly exits the mansion. The loss of her entire family circle is saddening, but it may provide her with the opportunity to begin anew, and leave behind the darkness of her family past.'] ['The film tells the story of Aiko, a 35-year-old mute woman who works in a bowling alley, and her brief romance with Yoshioka, a younger man who works as a postal carrier. The two meet when Aiko accidentally knocks Yoshioka off his bicycle, and they have a sexual encounter soon after. Aiko begins preparing lunchboxes and giving them to Yoshioka at his workplace as a way of expressing affection, which she cannot do verbally. The film ends in tragedy after Yoshioka leaves Aiko.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}}'] ['Will Griffith  is hired to secure and protect the mansion of South American diplomat Héctor Mejenes , following attempts on his life. However, his wife Marilyn  ends up attracted to Will.'] ['A man keeps his girlfriend tied up in his small apartment and tortures her. She is undressed, subjected to various types of bondage, whipped, and tortured with a razor blade. He also brushes her hair, applies make-up on her, and breaks down and cries in the fetal position. In the end the girl gets free and has her revenge. At the time of its release Wakamatsu was quoted as saying "For me, violence, the body and sex are an integral part of life"{{Cite book}}'] ["Nami Matsushima is locked up and bound in underground solitary confinement. She makes a weapon out of a spoon by holding it in her mouth and grinding it against the concrete floor. The chief warden, Goda, is to be promoted to a higher post shortly. When an inspector visits the prison, Matsushima is brought out of confinement for one day. During the inspection, Matsushima makes a surprise attack on Goda and scratches his face. The other prisoners start to riot, but the guards defuse the situation. The prisoners are punished by being sent to an intensive labour camp. Goda believes that Matsushima may inspire the other prisoners to revolt. He assigns four guards to publicly rape her. Returning from the intensive labour camp, Matsushima is in a van with six other convicts, one of whom is Oba . The other convicts beat Matsushima, who falls lifeless and bleeding. The guards are alerted that Matsushima is feared dead. When they stop the van to inpect her, Matsushima strangles and kills one of the guards, and Oba and the other convicts get the other guard and blow up the van. When Goda sees the van's ruins, he sends search parties to look for Matsushima. The convicts escape to an abandoned village, where Oba reveals her crime: when she found her husband cheating on her, she drowned her 2 year old son and killed her unborn baby by stabbing herself. In the village, the convicts find a mysterious old woman wielding a dagger. A surreal sequence follows, where the crimes of each of the convicts are explained. The old woman gives Matsushima her knife before she dies. Her body then turns into leaves and is blown away by the wind. The convicts see a town, where they decide to steal new clothes from to escape. Waiting for nightfall, they hide out in an abandoned hut. One of the convicts, Haru sneaks out of the hut and into her own home, which is nearby. There she is reunited with her son, but also two jailers. They offer to set Haru free if she reveals the others' locations. Distraught, Haru goes away. One of the guards follows her while the other returns to Goda. Matsu kills the guard following Haru. A tourist group is passing through the region for sightseeing. They are warned to look out for the convicts. Three men in the group are especially rowdy and sexually aggressive, sexually harassing the tour guide. One of the convicts is returning from the river when the three men find her and rape her repeatedly. They throw her down a cliff into the river. The other convicts find her body and give chase to the men. They find the tour bus and hijack it. Oba and the convicts torture, strip and bind the three men. They also harass the other passengers, and another surreal sequence shows the convicts being ostracised by society, for which the convicts are taking revenge. As the bus approaches a checkpoint, Oba throws Matsushima out of the bus as a decoy. Matsushima is captured, but Goda's men arrange a roadblock in front of the bus, consisting of a large truck with Haru's son on it. The bus is stopped and Haru rushes out to meet her son. As the guards try to catch her, Haru is shot by Oba, who orders the convicts to kill the hostages. Oba kills the bus driver and drives the bus, circumventing the roadblock. At night, the bus is cornered by the police. Goda sends Matsushima to the convicts to learn the hostages' status. Matsushima lies that the hostages have been killed, and the police lead a charge on the bus. The convicts throw the three men out, who are killed by police bullets. In the ensuing fight, all the convicts except Oba die. Oba is injured and set to return to prison in the same vehicle as Matsushima. Goda orders the guards to kill Matsushima on the way as if she had attempted to escape. The guards stop at a junkyard and are about to shoot Matsushima, when Oba saves her by biting the guard. Matsushima kills the guards. The next morning, Oba dies in the junkyard. Matsushima is finally loose. Goda is promoted and now has a job in the city. Matsushima tracks him down and kills him by stabbing him several times. The film ends with a surreal sequence of all the female convicts of the jailhouse wearing their stripped prison dresses running free in the city, passing Matsushima's dagger amongst each other."] ["The documentary explores all the worlds that have touched Quek, presenting the pieces of including her life as a student in Los Angeles California and London, her native Singapore and in the porn industry. It focuses on her reasons for working in porn, and her relationship with friends and family. The documentary reveals to the viewers that she was gang raped as a student living in London and describes her many complex emotional issues, including signs of depression, self-harm,The Flick Filosopher article by Maryann Johanson and substance abuse. The film also includes footage of a painful conversation in Singapore between Annabel and her mother, who until then didn't know about her daughter's porn career."] ["The film deals with the sex life of a young New York woman, Kitty , and her boyfriend Stud . Stud is brutal and oafish but Kitty is enamoured with his sexual performances. They sometimes engage into light sadomasochism, with Stud belt-whipping Kitty. Stud later posts a sign on a bulletin board inviting people to a party. Several people show up at Kitty and Stud's apartment and they all engage into group sex, with Stud servicing all the women."] ['Akiko  is startled to find her estranged husband, Kunisada , in a car watching a young, pre-pubescent girl urinate by the side of a road. When Akiko returns home, the girl, Miko, follows crying that "Uncle" has disappeared. Akiko turns the girl over to the police. Later, while she is giving ikebana lessons at home, the police return to ask Akiko for information about Kunisada. It is revealed that he had disappeared three years ago after being arrested for a sexual crime involving a high school girl. Kunisada follows Akiko to her mother\'s grave, where he kidnaps her, and takes her to an isolated cabin in the countryside. Here he subjects her to numerous degrading sexual tortures and punishments for days on end. When Kunisada leaves the cabin to get Akiko\'s wedding dress from her home, Akiko escapes. Wearing only a sheet and the ropes she has been tied in, she meets two hunters who, instead of helping her, rape her. Kunisada finds her unconscious in the woods, cleans her and dresses her in her traditional Japanese wedding clothes, complete with make-up, and suspends her from pulleys in the cabin and shaves her pubic hair. While fishing, Kunisada comes across an unconscious young couple—Kaoru  and Kiyoshi —that had failed in committing double suicide. He rapes the girl, Kaoru, then takes them to the cabin where he binds them. After giving Kaoru an enema, he has Akiko have sex with Kiyoshi while Kunisada has sex with Kaoru. He continues submitting them to various humiliations in order to destroy their love for each other. After he thinks he has succeeded, he unties them and tells them he has no more use for them, they are free to stay or go. By now Akiko has come to accept Kunisada\'s behavior, and apparently enjoy it. She pushes him even further with commands to, "Whip me harder... abuse me..." After one such session in the woods, Akiko and Kunisada return to the cabin where they find that the young couple has bound themselves together and committed double-suicide through strangulation. Akiko tells Kunisada that they have played the final joke on him. Meanwhile, two police detectives are following Miko, believing that she will lead them to Kunisada. Miko eludes the police, but they find the cabin with the dead young couple still bound together and Akiko naked and tied up. When they attempt to release Akiko she tells them, "Don\'t untie me. I like it this way." The police ask her where Kunisada has gone. Akiko replies that he has escaped, then, laughing, adds, "It\'s funny, but I think he\'s afraid of me." As the end credits roll, Kunisada is walking through the countryside holding Miko\'s hand, and Akiko is still in the cabin, tied up naked and squirming.Synopsis from Ranaletta, Ray. . "Wife to be Sacrificed - Coming to a Theater Near You?" in Asian Cult Cinema, #19 , p.49-50, and Wife to be Sacrificed DVD, released by KimStim Inc., copyright 2001 KS0119DVD.'] ['The primary characters are known only as The Young Girl and The Chinaman. The daughter of bitter, fearful, poverty-stricken colonials, the Girl is a pretty waif who wears an old silk dress and a man\'s fedora and paint her lips bright red when out of her mother\'s sight. She and her family are French, but live in Vietnam where her mother is a schoolteacher to local children. Her weak-willed mother, violent older brother, and timid younger brother live in a rural section across the river. The girl is a loner but an excellent student, who dreams of being a writer. She meets the Chinaman when crossing the river on the ferry, returning to the city after a school holiday ended. He is the son of a Chinese businessman whose fortune was made in real estate, and has recently returned from Paris after dropping out of school. He has the look but lacks the self-assurance of the playboy he fancies himself to be, and he is mesmerized the first time he sees her standing by the rail on a crowded ferry crossing the Mekong River. After some awkward conversation, he offers her a ride to Saigon in his chauffeur-driven limousine and she accepts, although the two barely speak during the drive. The Girl gives her age at the beginning of the film as 15, but lies to The Chinaman by stating that she is 17. He lies to her, telling her he is 32. The following day, he waits for her outside her boarding school, and the two go to the room he rents for entertaining mistresses in the seedy Chinese quarter, where they make love. They realize that "a future together is unthinkable" because she is scheduled to return to Paris soon, and he is arranged to marry a Chinese heiress. Aware of the limited time they have together, they fall into a relationship in which they shed all responsibilities that come with commitment. Every day after school, the girl goes to the bachelor room. The girl\'s family discovers the affair, and though at first angry, they encourage her to continue because the Chinaman is wealthy and able to pay off some of their debts. Despite this added tension, the affair continues passionately. The Chinaman even goes so far as to beg his father for the allowance to be with the girl instead of entering into his arranged marriage, but his father would rather see him dead than with a "white girl." Though both devastated, the Chinaman marries his arranged bride, and the girl boards a ship days later to return to France. Decades later, the girl is a successful writer. The Chinaman telephones her, as he is visiting France with his wife. He assured her that he never stopped loving her, and that he would not stop for the rest of his life.'] ['Philip "Philly" Fillmore ([[Eric Brown  is the 15-year-old son of a rich businessman in Albuquerque who has left town on an extended summer trip, leaving the young man in the passing care of Nicole Mallow , a sexy French housekeeper, and Lester Lewis , the family\'s chauffeur. Philly becomes infatuated with Nicole. When she spots him peeping into her room, she tells him to close her door. To Philly\'s utter shock, she means for him to close her door from the inside and then watch her undress. However, it is too much for him when a topless Nicole asks him to touch her breasts. When he objects, she steps back and instead takes off her underwear. Philly panics and leaves. Later on, he is surprised to find her in his father\'s bathtub. Once again to his amazement, she asks him to join her. He objects, but she keeps sweet-talking him until he finally gives in. However, he decides to wear boxer shorts. Once in the bathtub, she spoons and kisses him from behind. When she tries to take off his boxers from behind, he insists that she turn off the lights first. But once she reaches for his private area, he again panics and rushes out. She follows him to apologize, kisses him and directly invites him to sleep with her, the sexual element of which he fails to comprehend at first. After they flirt in a movie theater the following day, he gives in but backs down when she reacts without fondness to the notion of marrying him. One day later, she tells him she guesses they can at least date for a while. After they flirt during their first date in a restaurant, they return home and have sex. Nicole is revealed as an illegal alien; Lester is using this secret to blackmail her into helping him in a larger blackmail scheme against Philly. Lester intends that Nicole seduce Philly then fake her own death during intercourse. Lester then "helps" the panicked Philly to secretly bury Nicole. Her body later disappears, and a note orders Philly to steal $10,000 from his father to prevent exposure of his role in Nicole\'s "death". When Nicole has second thoughts, Lester threatens to also expose her as a child molester. Nicole has truly fallen in love with Philly, and she reveals the truth to him. Philly convinces his tennis coach  to pose as a police detective and intimidate Lester with questions about Nicole\'s disappearance. Lester panics but is caught with the money before he can flee the country. Nicole and Philly return the money to the safe, but they decide not to expose Lester\'s treachery. In turn, he reluctantly decides not to expose Nicole\'s illegal alien status nor her acts of child molestation, and as a result, he keeps his job. Nicole fears that Philly\'s father will eventually discover their affair, and decides to leave. Before she does, she and Philly have intercourse one last time. Philly returns to high school, thanks his teacher for advising him to pursue girls whose age is more appropriate for him, and successfully asks her out to dinner.'] ['In the Victorian period, Jude Fawley  is a bright young lower-class man who dreams of a university education. Circumstances conspire against him, and he is forced into a job as a stonemason and an unhappy marriage to a country girl, Arabella . He remains true to his dream and, months later, after his wife\'s sudden departure, he heads for the city. He thinks education is available for any man who is willing to work hard. There he encounters his cousin, Sue Bridehead , who is beautiful and intelligent, and shares his disdain for convention. Whilst Jude is enraptured by Sue, she decides to marry Jude\'s former school teacher, Phillotson , after Jude tells her he is married to Arabella. Meanwhile, Jude is rejected for the university based primarily on his lower-class status. The marriage of Sue and Phillotson is not a success, as she refuses to give herself sexually or romantically to her husband. She leaves Phillotson to join Jude in what turns out to be a rough life, moving from place to place as Jude picks up occasional work as a stonemason. The two are in love and, over the course of years, Sue gives birth to several children. Agnostic and independent, she refuses to legalize their arrangement by marriage. Jude learns that Arabella bore a son, which she named Jude  soon after she left Jude. The boy comes to live with his father Jude, Sue and his half-siblings. Sue and Jude are forbidden a permanent rental lodging because their living arrangement without marriage is considered scandalous. Sue tells Juey that the family cannot stay long at their present lodging because there are too many of them. The next day Sue and Jude return to their lodging to find that Juey has killed his half-siblings and committed suicide, hanging himself. His suicide note says the reason: "Becos we were to menny." Each of the couple falls into a deep depression after the deaths of their children. Turning to the religion she previously rejected, Sue comes to believe that God has judged and punished the couple for not having married. She decides to return to Phillotson, although she finds him sexually repugnant, as he is her true husband in the eyes of God. A year after the death of their children, Jude and Sue happen to meet when separately visiting the tombstones of their children. They both look worse for wear. Jude demands that Sue tell him whether she still loves him, to which she replies, "You\'ve always known". After a passionate kiss, she walks away from Jude to return to Phillotson. As Sue walks away, Jude shouts to her, "We are man and wife, if ever two people were on this earth!"'] ['Asuka, a woman in her thirties, works in a lakeside fish factory. She’s about to be married to her boss, Taki. But one day, she encounters a kappa – a water sprite found in Japanese folklore – and learns that the creature is in fact the reborn form of Aoki, an old crush who’d drowned to death when they were 17.'] [":Note: The story of Exotica is not told in chronological order and important information is often revealed only late in the film. The following synopsis does not reflect the viewer's actual experience of the events as they unfold. Exotica presents a disparate group of characters whose lives are interconnected through the Exotica nightclub. Christina  is an exotic dancer at Exotica, owned by Zoe . Eric  is the club's DJ and Christina's former boyfriend, and is involved in a complex relationship with Zoe. Francis  is a customer who comes in nightly and always has Christina -- dressed in a schoolgirl uniform -- give him a private dance , which seems to inspire Eric's jealousy. Francis hires a teenaged girl  to babysit each night while he attends the nightclub. But Francis has no child and the girl waits in an empty house each night until her employer returns. In his professional life, Francis is a tax auditor for Revenue Canada, and Thomas  is a latent-gay pet store owner whose books of account Francis is auditing pursuant to a suspicion of Thomas running an illegal import business with revenues of $200,000 per year. Francis is eventually banned from the club when Eric manipulates him into touching Christina during one of her dances . Around the same time, Francis discovers illegal activities in Thomas' financial records, and forces Thomas to get involved in his conflict with Eric -- and we eventually learn that Francis' obsession with Christina has much more complex roots than it first appears. The film's final scene, set many years before the others, shows that the death of Francis' daughter and the discovery of her body is central to the lives of the main characters."] ['Kate Miller is a sexually frustrated housewife who is in therapy with New York City psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott. During an appointment, Kate attempts to seduce him, but Elliott rejects her advances. Kate goes to the Metropolitan Museum and, in a critically applauded ten-minute sequence played entirely without dialogue, she has an unexpected flirtation with a mysterious stranger. Kate and the stranger "stalk" each other through the museum until they finally wind up outside, where Kate joins him in a taxi. They immediately begin to have sex in the cab, and continue at his apartment, unaware that Kate has left her underwear on the floor of the cab. Hours later, Kate awakens and, thoroughly satisfied with her evening, decides to discreetly leave while the man, Warren Lockman, is asleep. Kate sits at his desk to leave Warren a note and finds a document indicating that he has contracted a sexually transmitted disease. Mortified, she leaves the apartment but on the way out realizes that she has left her wedding ring on the stranger\'s nightstand, and she returns to retrieve it. The elevator doors open on the figure of a tall, blonde woman in dark sunglasses wielding a straight razor. Kate is slashed to death in the elevator. A high-priced call girl, Liz Blake, happens upon the body and catches a glimpse of the killer, therefore becoming both the prime suspect and the killer\'s next target. Elliott receives a bizarre answering machine message from "Bobbi", a transgender person he is treating. Bobbi taunts the psychiatrist for breaking off their therapy sessions, apparently because Elliott refuses to sign the necessary papers for Bobbi to get a sex change operation. Elliott eventually visits Bobbi\'s new doctor and tries to convince him that Bobbi is a danger to herself and others. The police are less than willing to believe Liz\'s story, so she joins forces with Kate\'s revenge-minded son Peter to find the killer. Peter is an inventor, and uses a series of homemade listening devices and time-lapse cameras to track patients from Elliott\'s office. They catch Bobbi on camera, and soon Liz is being stalked by a tall blonde figure in sunglasses. Several attempts are made on Liz\'s life. One, in the New York City Subway, is thwarted by Peter, who sprays Bobbi with homemade mace. Liz and Peter scheme to get inside Elliott\'s office to look at his appointment book and learn Bobbi\'s real name. Liz baits the therapist by stripping to lingerie and coming on to him, distracting him long enough to make a brief exit and leaf through his appointment book. When she returns, it is Bobbi rather than Elliott who confronts her; they are the same person. Elliott/Bobbi is shot and wounded by a female police officer who looks like Bobbi: she is the tall blonde figure who was trailing Liz. Elliott is arrested by the police and placed in an insane asylum. It is explained by Dr. Levy that Elliott wanted to be a woman, but his "male" side would not allow him to go through with the operation. Whenever a woman sexually aroused Elliott, it was "Bobbi", who represented the female side of the doctor\'s personality, who became threatened. In a final sequence, Elliott escapes from the asylum and slashes Liz\'s throat in a bloody act of vengeance. She wakes up screaming, realizing that it was just a dream as Peter runs to her bed to comfort her.'] ["Some time after the drowning of their young daughter, Christine , in a tragic accident at their English country home, John Baxter  and his wife, Laura , are staying in Venice where John has been contracted by a bishop  to restore an ancient church. Laura encounters two elderly sisters at a restaurant where she and John are dining, one of whom is blind and claims to be psychic and in contact with the Baxters' deceased daughter. The blind sister, Heather , tells Laura she can see Christine and describes the attire she was wearing at the time of the accident, and that Christine is happy. Shaken, Laura returns to her table, where she faints. Laura is taken to hospital, where she later tells John what the sisters told her. John is sceptical but pleasantly surprised by the positive change in Laura's demeanour. Later in the evening after returning from the hospital, John and Laura engage in passionate sexual intercourse. Afterwards, they go out to dinner where they get lost and briefly become separated. John catches a glimpse of what looks like a small child  wearing a red coat similar to the one Christine was wearing when she died. The next day, Laura meets with the sisters, who hold a séance to try to contact Christine. She returns to the hotel and tells John that Christine has said he is in danger and must leave Venice. John loses his temper with Laura, but that night they receive a telephone call informing them that their son  has been injured in an accident. Laura departs for England, while John stays on to complete the restoration. Under the assumption that Laura is in England, John is shocked when later that day he spots her on a barge that is part of a funeral cortege, accompanied by the two sisters. Concerned about his wife's mental state and with reports of a serial killer at large in Venice, he reports Laura's disappearance to the police. The inspector  investigating the killings, is suspicious of John and has him followed. After conducting a futile search for Laura and the sisters—in which he again sees the childlike figure in the red coat—John contacts his son's boarding school to enquire about his condition, only to discover Laura is already at the school. After speaking to her to confirm she really is in England, a bewildered John returns to the police station to inform the police he has found his wife. In the meantime the police have found the sisters and brought them in for questioning, so an apologetic John offers to escort Heather back to her hotel to rejoin her sister, Wendy . Back at the hotel, Heather goes into a trance as John is leaving. On his way out, John catches another glimpse of the mysterious figure in red, and this time pursues it. Coming out of her trance, Heather beseeches her sister to go after John, sensing that something terrible is about to happen to him, but Wendy is unable to catch up with him. Meanwhile, John has followed the elusive figure to a deserted palazzo, and having cornered it, realises too late that the strange sightings he has been experiencing were premonitions of his own death."] ['Warm Water Under A Red Bridge focuses on the troubles of a Japanese "everyman" who finds a new life with an unusual woman in a small fishing village. Imamura\'s last film contains considerable commentary on the search for happiness. This romantic comedy tells the story of a salary man who has been laid off from his job at an architectural firm in Tokyo and is undergoing marital difficulties. When his old friend dies, he travels to the small fishing town of Himi Toyama Prefecture to find a treasure that the old man had hidden in a house there decades before. He does not find what he expects, but takes a job with local fishermen and becomes romantically involved with a woman with an exaggerated proclivity towards female ejaculation.'] ['This erotic comedy follows the life of Haruo Maekawa, a young man who makes a living catching squid. Haruo is obsessed with catching a legendary giant squid rumored to live in Tokyo Bay. Haruo\'s uncle Takashi, fallen on hard times, comes to stay with his nephew until he can get back on his feet. Uncle Takashi is addicted to energy drinks, and seduces any woman in sight, including Haruo\'s girlfriend Rika. After making a sexual conquest, Uncle Takashi "marks his territory" by writing his name in red on the back of the woman. He takes a job as a pizza delivery man, but this job ends when he gets in an accident. While praying at a Shintō shrine, Uncle Takashi is bitten in the scrotum by a poisonous snake and dies. The uncle is destined to spend the afterlife in Hell unless his nephew and girlfriend can rescue him from the King of Hell.'] ["Yukie is a young woman who works at her father's flower shop. She uses her job to hide from her problems including a marriage troubled by her sexual frigidity. Her husband and her best friend engage in an affair, and Yukie goes to her father for advice on how to save her marriage.Weisser, p. 58.{{Amg movie}}"] ["In 1950 an unsatisfied widow makes her living selling medicine from village to village while searching for an energetic man to wed. She meets a strong but unintelligent man who works on a boat and wrestles and plays the drum in his spare time. After living with him happily for a short time and bearing him a daughter, the widow's unsatisfied spirit leads her astray. Years later she secretly watches her daughter's wedding, and leaves, beating a drum.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04414|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}"] ["The middle-aged Marquis de Sade  arrives at his ancestral estate of La Coste, having escaped incarceration. In the theater at the castle, he meets his uncle, the Abbe , who persuades him to stay to watch an entertainment that has been prepared for him. The play is a parody of the Marquis' parents haggling with M. and Mme. Montreuil over the prospective marriage of their children, leading to a flashback in time to the actual negotiations. The young Marquis  flees the proposed marriage to Mlle. Renee de Montreiul , but returns and marries her under threat of imprisonment. Louis would prefer Renee’s younger sister Anne , finding Renee to be very frightened and cold to his charms. At an orgy with several young prostitutes, Louis begins to get very rough in his play and explains some of his philosophy to the women, leading to the first in a long series of imprisonments. Released into the custody of his mother-in-law Mme. de Montreuil , Louis finds himself a prisoner in his own home. When Anne is sent away to a convent school, Louis begins liaisons first with his mother-in-law's protégé, Mlle. Collette, and then with an actress, La Beauvoisin, for whom he builds a theater at La Coste. The first play performed is for the benefit of the Abbe, who is chagrined to see that the performance is about his own misuse of the young boy Louis. In a flashback, the actual event is played out, the Marquis's later deeds and philosophy thus being given a cod-Freudian origin. Louis proceeds through a series of flashbacks involving his father’s death, a mysterious and recurring old man, and the baptism day of one of Louis' own children, culminating in the scandal of Rose Keller, a widow whom he ties up and flagellates with a sword. Mme. de Montreuil is forced to pay Rose for her silence, and to send Louis back into exile at La Coste. Louis continues to pursue Anne, and after an elaborate orgy where he is whipped into unconsciousness, he flees to Italy with the young woman. Returned to prison, Louis is tormented with visions of Mme. de Montreuil disowning Anne and his uncle the Abbe seducing her. Mme. de Montreuil visits him in prison, and tearfully tells him he has ruined her family and that he will remain imprisoned forever. Back on the stage, a mock trial is held where the Marquis is accused of murdering Anne. The mysterious old man is present at the proceedings, and Anne herself appears to accuse Louis of her murder. Louis ruefully remembers Anne's death in Italy from the plague. An older Louis talks with Renee about their misfortunes and regrets, telling her he can find no meaning in life. At another drunken and destructive debauchery, Louis begins to see visions of Renee in the midst of his revel. The old man lies on his death bed in prison, crying out for Renee's forgiveness. It is revealed that the old man is the Marquis himself, following the young Marquis through his memories as he seeks his one moment of reality. Deciding to look one last time, the old man closes his eyes as the scene cuts back the middle-aged Marquis arriving at La Coste."] ["Aema is a bored housewife married to a successful, workaholic businessman. She begins an affair with Jean, a business associate of her husband's. Her husband suspects and begins tormenting Aema, while not letting on that he knows, to protect a business deal. Aema leaves her husband, but is persuaded to return after heeding advice from a friend.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04672|title2009-06-29|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}"] ['Marie , a student, works at her father\'s Swiss gas station and plays basketball for a local team; she claims to be a virgin and maintains a chaste relationship with her boyfriend Joseph , a taxi cab driver, who is a dropout. When a passing stranger named Uncle Gabriel   informs Marie that she will become pregnant despite remaining chaste, and give birth to the son of God, she is at first shocked and confused. Joseph, however, cannot believe that she is pregnant and a virgin. Gabriel must school Joseph to accept Mary\'s pregnancy, while Mary comes to terms with God\'s plan through meditations that are sometimes angry and usually punctuated by elemental images of the sun, moon, clouds, flowers, and water. Godard intercuts a brief parallel story of Eva , a college student and her nameless professor , who talks about life having been programmed by "a prior intelligence"; their adulterous affair is rife with philosophical discussions. In time, Joseph\'s anger subsides, and the expectant couple marries. After they are wed Mary teaches Joseph to love her from a distance, revering her without touching her. Joseph eventually swears to keep his hands off his bride and to act as her shadow, to which she responds, "But isn\'t that what all men are, the shadow of God?" They raise their son, Jesus , who eventually leaves his family to pursue "his father\'s business." Meanwhile Marie explores her sexuality, seeking to link her individual body and spirit.'] ["Emily Reed , a young woman, travels to New York City for an interview with an international law firm. The firm is impressed with her credentials and immediately offers her a job, on the condition that she be ready to fly to Rio de Janeiro the following morning. Emily readily agrees and is introduced to Claudia Dennis , one of the firm's top executives, who is overseeing the purchase and renovation of dilapidated beach hotel in Rio. Emily and Claudia arrive in Rio to put the finishing touches on the deal, but an angry Claudia is forced to fly to Argentina when she discovers that the man they are buying the hotel from has flown to Buenos Aires, ostensibly to attend a niece's wedding, although she believes he is secretly trying to make a deal with the Argentinians for the property. Claudia instructs Emily to take her date for the night, advising her that she will leave her one of her own dresses. While looking over the hotel by herself Emily sees two locals having animalistic sex, which unnerves her and she returns to her own hotel. She finds the dress that Claudia left for her, and upon going back downstairs is introduced to Claudia's friend and business associate, a wealthy man named James Wheeler . The two, accompanied by his bodyguards, go to dinner, and it is revealed that Wheeler actually bought the dress for Claudia some time ago. He informs her that Wheeler has taken the time to find out information about her by calling her mother, and as such discovered that she has always wanted children and likes roast beef, mashed potatoes, and creamed carrots. Emily finds herself intrigued by him, as he is quiet and asks seemingly personal questions without being pushy or rude. Following dinner they attend a street carnival, but Emily leaves after a masked man who looks like Wheeler tries to seduce her. The next morning Emily awakens in her room to find Wheeler silently watching her, and has brought of bouquet of orchids to her. Wheeler tells her that he is not the man who made advances to her, and as a way of apologizing for any offense he might have caused he asks her to allow him to show her the city's sights. She is initially reluctant but ultimately consents, and that afternoon they attend a beach club with a married couple that they noticed in the restaurant the night before. Some military personnel at the party try to make advances on the wife; Wheeler fights them off and he, Emily, and the couple are all forced to flee in his limousine. It is revealed that the couple are having marital problems brought about by the wife's infidelity. She obviously wants to patch things up with her recalcitrant husband, and Wheeler encourages the two to make love, which they ultimately do. Emily is disturbed by their actions, and Wheeler asks her if she has never felt as carnal as the couple, to which she doesn't respond. Emily and Wheeler then visit the hotel that her firm wants to buy, and while there Emily tells Wheeler that she fears he would disappear if she touched him. He tells her to try it and see what happens, but when Emily hugs him he gently pulls away from her, telling her that he doesn't like to be touched. The married couple gave Wheeler a necklace as a token of gratitude for bringing them back together; he gives it to Emily as a gift, possibly because he knows that he hurt her feelings by pulling away from her. That night Emily dresses up for the Carnival festivities and is propositioned by a man in a mask, who offers her the key to his room. She initially refuses the offer but is encouraged by Wheeler to accept. It is then that she realizes Wheeler is incapable of acting upon his own emotions, and because of this he tries to experience passion through other people. Emily ultimately agrees to the stranger's proposal and sleeps with him, but both she and Wheeler seem saddened by the act. The next day Claudia arrives back in Rio with the hotel owner  and a meeting is set up at the airport. Emily is humiliated to discover that the man's attorney, named Jerome, is none other than the stranger she slept with the night before; he uses this to intimidate Emily to get a better deal for his client. Emily pulls Claudia aside, but her boss is thrilled when she discovers the truth, as she uses the information to drop thinly veiled threats to Jerome that if he doesn't stop playing hardball she will tell his wife about the affair. As such Claudia and Emily get a very good deal. The meeting over, Claudia goes to a costume shop to get ready for the celebration that will mark the sale of the hotel to a group of Chinese investors. Claudia begins to question Emily regarding her impressions of Wheeler. She tells Emily that Wheeler was an only child born in Philadelphia, stuttered as a child, and was a completely self-made man. She confesses that she became obsessed with him, but that Wheeler would never touch her. She asks Emily if anything happened between her and Wheeler, but Emily says no. Just as they are leaving the store Claudia's assistants reveal that a man bought the deed to the old hotel prior to the finalization of the deal, and both women know who it was. When they confront Wheeler he admits that he was the one who purchased, infuriating Claudia. Claudia decides to go ahead with the sale even though she doesn't own the hotel, hoping that she will be able to circumvent what Wheeler has done. Emily strongly advises her against this course of action, but Claudia will not be deterred. After the paperwork has been signed Claudia arranges a huge party to commemorate the event. Emily spots Wheeler in the crowd and asks him why he bought the hotel, but before he can answer she is swept away in the crowd. The next morning Claudia invites a young surfer up to her room, but asks Emily to stay since she is able to speak Portuguese and wants her to help translate what the surfer says. Emily is clearly uncomfortable with the idea but agrees. Things get very heated and the three nearly end up sleeping together, but the moment is broken by an angry Wheeler, who interrupts the proceedings. Emily, at an emotional breaking point because of his actions, accuses Wheeler of intentionally setting people up to disappoint him and then throwing them aside when they do. He responds that he never sets anybody up, that they disappoint him of their own accord. As he walks away from her she screams at him that he will always be alone. Later on that day a package is delivered to Emily's room, and upon opening it she discovers that Wheeler has signed over the old hotel's deed to her, meaning that the deal with the Chinese can be salvaged. Emily goes to the hotel and finds Wheeler looking out at the ocean. She confesses to him that she loves him, but leaves when he doesn't respond. Later that night Emily returns to her room to find Wheeler waiting for her. He reveals that as a child he hardly spoke for years after his father abandoned him, and that his teachers thought he was retarded because he never said anything in class. He tells her that he dropped out of school at a young age and worked himself to the bone, and while still a teenager entered the real estate business by purchasing a run-down house in a terrible neighborhood and fixing it up. After he began to accumulate wealth women began to be drawn to him, and he started playing games to keep things interesting. He tells her that the games became a way of life, and he doubts he would be able to quit even if he wanted to. Emily pushes Wheeler to reach out to her, offering him her heart and body if he makes an effort to simply touch her. Though he at first resists, he reaches out and desperately holds her when he thinks she is going to walk out on him. The two embrace and passionately make love. The final scene of the film shows Wheeler and Emily driving away on his motorcycle, happy together."] ['Tsumugi, a girl with a crush on her teacher, discovers that the teacher is having an affair with another teacher. Complications ensue after Tsumugi manages to attract her teacher, but then begins falling for a fellow student.{{cite web}}'] ['Due to an administrative error two male college students, the shy and intellectual Eddy  and the All-American jock Stuart , end up with a female roommate. The university thought that Alex  was a man  and thus the three students are forced to live with each other until the university can move Alex to a female residence hall. Alex falls in love and tries unsuccessfully to seduce Eddy; Stuart is in love with Alex, and Eddy falls in love with Stuart. The trio become good friends and scare off anyone who tries to seduce the other. Eventually, Alex, Stuart and Eddy agree to have an actual threesome that seems to destroy the friendship, and raises the possibility that Alex might have become pregnant. After the threesome, they start to drift apart. Three weeks later the semester ends and Alex moves to an apartment. The next year Eddy gets a single dorm with no roommates and the three continue to drift apart. Eddy  eventually finds a boyfriend, Stuart finds happiness in a monogamous relationship with a woman, and Alex remains single. While they drifted apart, only to see each other for lunch occasionally, they do not seem to regret the friendship they had while in college.'] ["Catherine Bomarzini , travels back to her family castle in Italy after her father's death. Overwhelmed with excitement, Catherine invites her best friend Gina  to spend the weekend. Gina and Catherine discover a local carnival outside the castle gates. Curious they wander to the carnival to enjoy the show and acts. Pleased with the performance, Gina invites the head magician Lawerence  and his crew to the castle for dinner. Drugged and seduced, Catherine finds herself drawn into a mysterious love triangle with the handsome magician and a creature of the night whose gentle eyes and touch reveal his infinite love. Is this creature real or an illusion? Guided by the ghost of a slain ancestor and the advice of the castle caretaker Martha , Catherine discovers the ancient curse that enshrouds the Bomarzini Castle... a curse that only she can dispel."] ['It is a semi-autobiographical film about her life as an actress who is looked at as a sex object, so she goes through a busy phase of her life by travelling across Europe to rescue a friend from an abusive relationship and she also wins an award while in Milan, then she travels to Los Angeles to meet with greedy film producers and also falls in love with a rock and roll star, then finds out she is pregnant, then begins to use drugs to help her feel better. Scarlet Diva was shot entirely on digital video.'] ["Loosely based on a 1926 short story by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki,, the film opens as an artist and a young woman are in a dentist's waiting room. Though he is attracted to the woman, he says nothing to her. They are later in the same examining room. When he is given an anaesthetic, he begins to imagine a series of scenes in which the woman undergoes various forms of sexual abuse, including rape and torture. When the artist recovers from the anaesthetic, he finds clues showing that he may not have been hallucinating.Synopsis based on Weisser, p.102."] ['Ryno de Marigny , before getting married to the young and innocent Hermangarde , makes a last visit to La Vellini , his Spanish mistress, to bid goodbye in an act of lovemaking. His liaison with La Vellini is the subject of the Parisian gossip, and before Hermangarde\'s grandmother gives her blessing, she wants to hear from Ryno everything about this relationship. Ryno reveals a tempestuous story but indicates that his ten year romance is over; he now is in love with Hermangarde. After the marriage, the newlyweds move away to a castle at the seashore. They are happy and soon Hermangarde conceives. But the "last/old mistress" reappears, and while Ryno tries to keep her out of his life, she is not to be rejected, and Hermangarde finds out about it.'] ['Young Runa entered a convent after losing her boyfriend to her sister Kumi. Her dream of a tranquil life at the convent is shattered when she is raped by the abbot and introduced to a life of torture and abuse. Leaving the convent she returns to her sister and former boyfriend to exact revenge by snaring them in a bogus financial scheme to promote Christianity in Japan and then departing with their money and a lesbian lover from the convent.'] ["Akemi is a housewife who discovers her husband has been cheating on her. She makes the acquaintance of a prostitute who hopes to become a manga artist. Another hopeful manga artist, Kyoko, also makes ends meet by working as a part-time prostitute. Akemi moves in with Kyoko and tolerating the practise of her profession while the two come to an understanding of each other's lives.{{Amg movie}}"] ['In 1940s Japanese-occupied Shanghai, a well-dressed, attractive young Chinese woman, "Mrs. Mai" , is sitting in a café in a posh neighborhood. When she makes a call to a man, her seemingly innocuous dialogue is a coded signal that prompts a cell of young resistance agents to load their weapons and spring into action. ;Hong Kong 1938 The film then flashes back in time to the events in 1938 that led up to the transformation of the shy, inexperienced university student Wong Chia Chi into the glamorously dressed and seemingly well-to-do Mrs. Mai, her cover role in the Chinese resistance against Japanese invasion. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chia Chi had been left behind in China by her father, who is going to re-marry in the United Kingdom. Chia Chi flees from Shanghai to Hong Kong and attends her first year at Lingnan University. A male student named Kuang Yu Min  invites her to join his patriotic drama club. Chia Chi becomes a lead actress in the club, inspiring both her audience and her new-found friend Kuang. Fired up from the drama troupe\'s patriotic plays, Kuang urges the group to make a more concrete contribution to the war against Japan. He devises a plan to assassinate Mr. Yee , who is a special agent and recruiter of the puppet government set up by the Japanese Government in China. The beautiful Chia Chi is chosen to take on the undercover role of Mrs Mai, the elegant wife of the owner of a Hong Kong based trading company, she insinuates herself in the social circle of Mrs. Yee . She catches the eye of Mr. Yee and tries to lure him into a location where he can be assassinated. Yee is attracted to Chia Chi and once steps very close to the trap but withdraws at the last minute. It comes to light that Chia Chi is still a virgin, and she reluctantly consents to sleeping with Liang Jun-Sheng , another student involved in the plot to kill Mr. Yee, in order to play into her role as a married woman if she were to sleep with Mr. Yee. It is obvious that Kuang is upset by this, but nevertheless agrees to the two "practicing" every following night. But not long after that, Mr. and Mrs. Yee move back to Shanghai all of a sudden, leaving the students with no further chance to complete their assassination plan. With Yee gone, the university students believe there is no need to maintain the facade and therefore pack up and clean up the rented apartment. An armed subordinate of Yee turns up in their apartment unannounced and finds their sudden packing very suspicious. Spotting their university tanktops, the subordinate realises that "Mr. & Mrs. Mai" are not who they claim they are. The university students kill the subordinate and are forced to go into hiding afterward. ;Shanghai, 1942 In Shanghai, three years later, Chia Chi again encounters Kuang, who is now an undercover agent of the KMT, which is seeking to overturn the Japanese occupation force and their puppet government. He enlists her into a renewed assassination plan to kill Yee. By this time, Mr. Yee has become the head of secret police department under the puppet government and is responsible for capturing and executing resistance agents who are working for the KMT. Eventually, Chia Chi becomes Mr. Yee\'s mistress. During their first encounter Yee is rough with Chia Chi, virtually raping her by throwing her down onto the bed and tying her up with his belt. However, over the weeks that follow their sexual relationship becomes very passionate and deeply emotional, but also very conflicted for both of them, especially for Chia Chi, who is setting her lover up for assassination. When Chia Chi reports to her superior officer in the KMT, she exhorts him to carry out the assassination soon, so that she will not have to continue her sexual liaisons with the brutal Yee, but the officer argues that the assassination needs to be delayed for strategic reasons. Chia Chi describes the inhuman emotional conflict she is in, on one hand sexually and emotionally bound to Mr. Yee and on the other hand part of a plot to kill him. When Mr. Yee sends Chia Chi to a jewelry store with a sealed envelope, she is surprised to discover that he has arranged for a large and extremely rare six carat pink diamond for her, to be mounted in a ring. This provides the Chinese resistance with a chance to get at Mr. Yee when he is not accompanied by his bodyguards. The next time Chia Chi and Mr. Yee meet, she asks him to go to the jewellery store with her to collect the diamond ring. As they enter the shop, she notices several resistance agents waiting to spring the trap. But, after first demurring, when she puts on the magnificent ring, and experiences Mr. Yee\'s love for her, she is overcome by emotion and breaks down and urges him twice to "Go, now." Mr. Yee realizes her meaning, runs out of the shop and is rushed away by his driver, and escapes the assassination attempt. By the end of the day most of the resistance group including Kuang and Chia Chi herself are captured. It is revealed that Mr. Yee\'s deputy has been aware of the resistance cell, but did not inform Mr. Yee, both because of Mr. Yee\'s relationship with Chia Chi and because the deputy had hoped to use this opportunity to catch the resistance cell leader. Mr. Yee, emotionally in turmoil, signs their death warrants and the resistance group members, including Chia Chi, are led out to a quarry and executed. In the last scene, Mr. Yee sits on Chia Chi\'s empty bed in the family guest room, and informs his wife that their house guest is gone, and that she should not ask any questions.'] ['An adaptation of the fairy tale, Cinderella traces the misadventures of our heroine, who, via the help of her "fairy" godmother, is granted heightened sexual prowess, enabling her to win over Prince Charming. After a blindfolded orgy at the royal castle, the nerdy Prince must sleep with every willing woman in his kingdom, until he finds that one mysterious lover who so "stood out" on the night of the sex Ball.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075849/plotsummary'] ['Bill Capa , a New York City psychoanalyst, falls into a deep depression after a patient commits suicide in front of him by jumping from his office window. The sight of the bloody body of his patient clad in a bright green dress causes Capa to suffer from psychosomatic color blindness, taking away his ability to see the color red. To restart his life, Capa travels to Los Angeles to stay with a friend, fellow therapist and best-selling author Dr. Bob Moore , who invites him to sit in on a group therapy session. But one night Moore is violently murdered in the office and Capa is plunged into the mystery of his friend\'s death. Moore would gather his patients every Monday for a discussion of their problems, and police detective Lt. Hector Martinez  considers them, and Capa, suspects in the murder. Capa continues to live in Moore\'s house and begins an affair with Rose , a mysterious girl who comes and goes without warning into his life. As relationships develop, Capa takes over Moore\'s patients and learns of their pasts and obsessions: * Clark  suffers from severe obsessive compulsive disorder and insists on cleanliness and counting things. This led him to beat up his wife. * Sondra Dorio  is a nymphomaniac and kleptomaniac. She stabbed her father with a knife and fork and one of her husbands died of unnatural causes. * Buck  is a suicidal ex-cop. The murder of his wife and daughter remains unsolved. * Casey Heinz ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor  is the arrogant son of a wealthy man. He paints sado-masochist works of art and once burned down his father\'s house. * Richie is a 16-year-old with a stutter and a gender identity problem. He wants to be a woman and has a history of drug use. Soon, one of these patients is violently murdered, and Capa himself becomes the target of several attempts on his life. He also discovers that all but one of his patients have been romantically involved with Rose. This leads to a twist ending: "Richie" is really Rose, and the murders have been committed by her deranged brother Dale . They actually had a brother named Richie who was molested by a child psychiatrist named Niedelmeyer. Richie committed suicide and, unable to cope with the loss, Dale forced Rose to play the part of their brother. Dale &mdash; who was also one of Niedelmeyer\'s victims &mdash; began abusing Rose until she actually became "Richie". When "Richie" was arrested for drug possession, "he" was forced into therapy. Rose soon started to re-emerge and, under another personality, "Bonnie," started relationships with other members of the group. Dale proceeded to kill them, fearing that they would soon link Rose to "Richie". When Capa confronts Rose and Dale over this, Dale tries to kill him but is instead killed by Rose. Deeply traumatized, she tries to commit suicide but Capa is able to stop her, bookending the story with two suicide attempts &mdash; one at the beginning, resulting in Capa\'s loss of color vision, and one at the end, thwarted and resulting in his regaining it.'] ["Innocent female doctor Mineko was seduced by Sachiko, an aggressive lesbian, in her younger days. Mineko begins dating a male coworker, and accepts an invitation to a party at the home of a transvestite patient. Sachiko comes out of Mineko's past, enraged with jealousy, and begins tormenting Mineko and her boyfriend.{{cite book}}"] ['Hisako Ōuchi  is the sexually-frustrated wife of the older art academy Professor Ōuchi . Ōuchi is a repressed conservative who disdains modern art, and expels Kazuo Kobayashi , a student who specializes in SM painting. Hisako becomes obsessed with the expelled student, and has an affair with him. Kazuo and Hisako retire to a cabin in the countryside where they indulge in SM activities.{{cite book}}'] ['Zoe Clairmont , star of the hit TV show "Sweet Angels", is being stalked by her ex-boyfriend. As a result, she hires security expert Will Griffith  to protect her. To make matters worse, Zoe also has to deal with a jealous co-star, while Will has to deal with a rival security agency.'] ['Kika , a young, bubbly aspiring actress turned cosmetologist, is called to the cottage of Nicholas Pierce , an American freelance writer who has moved to Spain to write about game hunting, to make-up the corpse of his stepson, Ramón , before notifying the authorities. The circumstances of Ramón\'s "death" are rather suspicious, but Kika does not raise an issue of them and performs her work on Ramón. It turns out that he is not dead, and is actually catatonic. He is revived by Kika\'s attentions; soon after Ramón tells her the story of his life: he is a lingerie photographer who hasn\'t coped with the suspicious death of his mother, for which he blames Nicholas . Feeling empathic to Ramón, and in part turned on by the whole experience, she decides to move in with him. While living with Ramón, Kika has a secret affair with Nicholas. She feels sorry for Ramón, but is turned off by his constant melancholy moods. To complicate things, he has to evade the constant intrusive gaze of tabloid-TV star -and Ramon\'s former psychologist- Andrea Caracortada , who is also a former lover of Nicolás\', and who stalks him since they broke up. Andrea, who wears costumes designed by Jean Paul Gaultier on and off the air, has become obsessed with obtaining morbid topics for her tabloid TV show . She assumes that hanging around Ramón and Nicholas will eventually lead to some juicy news item. Kika and Ramón\'s part-time maid  is the sister of Paul Bazzo , a former porn actor with a low IQ who has just escaped from jail. Paul received a good conduct leave, and attended the Good Friday procession at San Vicente de la Sonsierra, a small town in Spain renowned for having penitents, commonly called "Los Pica\'os" , self-flagellate during the event. Disguised himself as a penitent , Paul escapes custody and takes shelter at his sister\'s workplace. Kika happens to be sound asleep in her bedroom. After asking his sister for money and manhandling her breasts  he finds Kika lying in bed while wearing no panties. He then rapes her while she\'s asleep. She wakes up, and notices Paul on top of her. She wants him to leave. An anonymous tip to two clumsy police officers leads them to investigate the rape while it is still taking place. By the time they reach the place, Paul is being pulled off Kika by two people while she\'s still holding on to him. He unlocks himself from her, goes to the roof of the building, and masturbates to relieve himself while Andrea is coincidentally entering the building, various stories below. A drop of semen falls on her face. Kika, who is humiliated by the experience, relives her humiliation once more when Andrea gets a hold of a videotape featuring her rape by Paul and shows it on her television show, and plans to leave the city for good.'] ["In pre-war Japan, Yumiko, an aristocratic lady, accompanied by her maid, travels to Tokyo to visit her brother. Unaware that her brother has become involved in anti-governmental activities and left the city, the two women are captured, raped and tortured by the military police. Two years later, during the war, the government confiscates Yumiko's estate, turning it into a torture chamber for the inquisition of prisoners. Yumiko and her maid are among those who are subjected to sexual indignities.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn 96–97|chapter= CRUELTY: BLACK ROSE TORTURE }}"] ['In the mythical European city of Leisure, married couple Jack and Elvira have an ongoing bet regarding who can seduce whom. This comes up in the wake of a swinging night with a couple of tourists picked up via a newspaper ad. Elvira, a self-professed "sexual snob" has bet she can seduce newlywed Betsy, married to handsome marine biologist Eddie. If she fails by a certain midnight, then Jack gets to seduce Eddie. While Jack and Eddie go to work separately, Betsy comes round to visit her new friend Elvira. She\'s very intrigued by Elvira\'s open admission of her swinging lifestyle, including spouse-swapping and drugs. When Mike, the telephone repair man, arrives , Betsy is fascinated and shocked as Elvira seduces him right before her eyes. She also admits that she\'s not really happy, especially after catching Eddie masturbating in the bathroom. But she says Elvira\'s actions are not for her, because at heart she is still a Catholic schoolgirl. Elvira tells a story about Jack, about just before they were married, and how he said he would "climb aboard a porcupine" if he had a mind to. The two couples get together that night, and get slightly high on pot. Pulling out a trunk of costumes, they decide to play dress up. Jack dons a sailor\'s uniform while Betsy wears a very revealing modeling outfit. To Betsy\'s shock/tititalation , Elvira\'s costume is based on a nun\'s wimple, but with nothing underneath. They tease Eddie into putting on a cowboy outfit. As the night progresses, the two wives and two husbands pair off to wander and chat. During the course of their conversations, each of the naive couple admit to dissatisfaction, including a questioning whether they ever should have gotten married. Eddie, it turns out, was Betsy\'s brother\'s best friend. There is a hint that he and Eddie were maybe closer than friends, although Eddie doesn\'t seem to know that Betsy might realize that. Betsy, meanwhile, lets her hair down and is even a little worried something might "happen" between her and Elvira. She also gets giddy at saying the word "fuck" for the first time. Downstairs, Jack, remarks to Eddie that just before he and Elvira were married, she commented, "Jack, I\'d hop in the sack with a porcupine if it struck my fancy." Elvira and Betsy end up in the upstairs bedroom, with Jack and Eddie in the downstairs den. A quick phone call between the swinging couple has them agree that midnight is the deadline for them both. As the late night progresses, both introduce their perspective seductees to amyl nitrite  and when asking for the time, interpret the respective watches as either "slow" or "fast" depending upon their own desires. Both Eddie and Betsy are simultaneously seduced, receiving and giving oral sex. Betsy is even penetrated with a strap-on . Eddie, penetrated by Jack, has a brief hallucination that the person making love to him is Betsy.{{cite book}} In the morning, Jack and Elvira consider the score pretty much even. Betsy and Eddie are confused, each thinking perhaps the other is the "normal" one. Betsy even makes a remark about them both being "porcupines." When Mike suddenly arrives for a visit, just as Jack and Elvira are getting ready to have a ménage à trois with Betsy, Jack invites him, too, boasting that they "play all kinds of games around here". A chance remark brings out the fact Mike and Eddie both enjoy bowling. Somewhat to Jack and Elvira\'s surprise, Mike leaves to play with Eddie and Betsy, who suggests they all get together soon to play "Bingo".'] ['Set in the Edo Era, the film opens with a group of women being convicted of various crimes. The rest of the film is given to graphic depiction of the tortures the women endure as part of their sentences.'] ['While her husband is in prison, Oh Su-bi engages in extramarital affairs. As she is preparing to leave for France with one of her lovers, her husband is released, and she returns to him.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation03587|title2009-06-24|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}'] ["Madrid, Christmas 1970: with the nation under a state of emergency ordered by the Franco regime, a young prostitute, Isabel Plaza Caballero , gives birth on a bus to a son she names Victor. Twenty years later, Victor Plaza  shows up for a date he made with Elena , a junkie with whom he had sex a week earlier. Waiting for her dealer to arrive, Elena is not interested in seeing Victor and tells him to leave. Finally she gets a gun and orders him out of the flat. Enraged, Victor wrestles the gun from her; in the process Elena gets knocked out, and the gun goes off. A neighbor hears the shot and calls the police; and two cops respond to the report. The older cop, Sancho , is an unstable alcoholic who suspects his wife Clara  of infidelity. The younger cop, David , more clean-cut and sober, prefers to do things by the book. Through the window they catch sight of Victor physically struggling with Elena, and Sancho is ready to storm in, while David wants to call for a back-up. When they enter, Victor holds Elena hostage with her gun. David tries to calm him down and get him to drop his gun, but Sancho sabotages his efforts by continually threatening Victor. Finally, David puts his gun to Sancho's head, gets him and Victor to put down their guns and orders Elena to flee. Sancho then lunges for Victor, they wrestle for the gun, and another shot rings out, hitting David. Two years later, Victor, in jail, watches a wheelchair basketball match: the now partially paralyzed David is a star player in the 1992 Summer Paralympics, with Elena, who is now his wife, cheering him on from the sidelines. Victor has made good use of his time, taking a correspondence course in education, working out, and enriching his mind with a variety of subjects, including the Bible. Before he is released, another four years later, his mother dies and leaves him some money and a house in the slums. One of his first stops after he gets out of jail is his mother's grave, where he encounters Elena at her father's funeral. While leaving the cemetery he meets Clara, Sancho's wife. Elena, now off drugs and operating an orphanage, tells David of her encounter with Victor. David stops by Victor's house and warns him not to go near his wife. Victor queries how he can do this, but David grabs his genitals and he doubles up. When David gets into his car to leave, he sees Clara arriving, and stay on to watch from a distance. Attracted by Victor's enthusiasm and good looks, Clara agrees to teach him how to make love, as well as pampering him with gifts and affection. She eventually falls in love with him. Victor begins to volunteer at the orphanage, which is happy to have him because he fixed the boiler, has a degree in education and is very good with the children. Elena objects, but can't find a compelling reason to throw Victor out. David continues to trail Victor and finds out that Victor works at Elena's orphanage. He confronts him again; Victor tells him that it was Sancho who made Victor squeeze the trigger. Afterwards, David tells his wife what Victor said, and the revealing context that Sancho shot David because he was having an affair with Clara. Elena is disgusted, but still plans to leave the orphanage to get away from Victor. Victor tells Elena that his original plan of revenge was to become the world's greatest lover, make love to Elena all night long, and then leave her hanging, but that he still loves her too much to do so. Victor tells Clara that they should stop meeting, and they break up. While Victor is on night-shift at the orphanage, Elena comes in to remove her belongings, and agrees to a night of passion with Victor, on condition that he never contacts her again. Elena tells David herself about her infidelity, and although she plans to stay with him, he plots his own revenge. Clara leaves Sancho, who was abusing her, shooting him in the process. David shows up at Sancho's place with photographic proof of Victor and Clara's affair. Sancho and David drive to Victor's house, where Sancho shoots and kills Clara, while Clara also wounds Sancho, and Sancho finally kills himself. At the end, David narrates a letter written to his wife from Miami, where he is spending Christmas with some friends, apologizing for the way everything turned out. While at the orphanage, a pregnant Elena goes into labor and on the way to the hospital, she and Victor get stuck in heavy traffic. Victor is reminded of the circumstances of his own birth, and tells his unborn child that the fears of the Spanish have passed."] ["Young and handsome Sergio  works the night shift as a trash collector in Lisbon. He is uninterested in his pretty female co-worker Fatima, who displays an avid interest in him, so instead Sergio roams the city. Eventually Sergio becomes fascinated with a sleek motorcycle and its arrogant owner - a young man totally indifferent to Sergio. Sergio's surfacing desires unleash his darkest impulses, sending him down a dangerous path of violence, depravity, and degradation."] ["Young Carmilla is jealous of her friend's engagement to Leopoldo, her beloved cousin. Her obsession leads her to the tomb of a female vampire. The vampire possesses her to kill and terrorize the inhabitants of the estate. But is it all in her mind, or is she really under the control of an ancient vampire ancestor?"] ["1981 film adaptation of the D.H. Lawrence novel. After an injury leaves her husband impotent and crippled, Lady Chatterly is torn between love for her husband and her desires. Without her husband's consent, she seeks out the means of fulfilling her physical needs."] ['Séverine Serizy , a young and beautiful housewife, is unable to share physical intimacy with her husband, Dr. Pierre Serizy , despite their love for each other. Her sexual life is restricted to elaborate fantasies involving domination, sadomasochism, and bondage. Although frustrated by his wife\'s frigidity toward him, he respects her wishes. While visiting a ski resort, they meet two friends, Henri Husson  and Renée . Séverine does not like Husson\'s manner and the way he looks at her. Back in Paris, Séverine meets up with Renée and learns that a mutual friend, Henrietta, now works at a brothel. At her home, Séverine receives roses from Husson and is unsettled by the gesture. At the tennis courts, she meets Husson and they discuss Henrietta and houses of pleasure. Husson mentions a high-class brothel to Séverine at 11 Cite Jean de Saumer. He also confesses his desire for her, but Séverine rejects his advances. Haunted by childhood memories involving her father, Séverine goes to the high-class brothel, which is run by Madame Anaïs . That afternoon Séverine services her first client. Reluctant at first, she responds to the "firm hand" of Madame Anaïs, who names her \'Belle de Jour\', and has sex with the stranger. After staying away for a week, Séverine returns to the brothel and begins working from two to five o\'clock each day, returning to her unsuspecting husband in the evenings. One day Husson comes to visit her at home, but Séverine refuses to see him. Still she fantasizes about having sex with him in her husband\'s presence. Ironically, Séverine\'s physical relationship with her husband is improving and she begins sleeping with him. Séverine becomes involved with a young gangster, Marcel , who offers her the kind of thrills and excitement of her fantasies. When Marcel becomes increasingly jealous and demanding, Séverine decides to leave the brothel, with Madame Anaïs\' agreement. Séverine is also concerned about Husson who knows about her secret life at the brothel. One of Marcel\'s gangster associates follows Séverine to her home, and soon Marcel visits her and threatens to reveal her secret life to her husband. Séverine pleads with him to leave her home, and after some time he does. Marcel waits downstairs for Pierre to return home and shoots him three times before escaping. He is eventually tracked down and shot dead by the police. Séverine\'s husband survives, but is left in a coma. The police are unable to find a motive for the attempted murder. Sometime later Séverine is at home taking care of Pierre who is now completely paralyzed and in a wheelchair. Husson visits him and tells Pierre the truth about his wife\'s secret life; she does not try to stop him. Afterwards, Séverine dreams that her husband is healthy again and they are happy.'] ['In this episode in the long-running Madame Aema series, Aema leaves her selfish, middle-aged husband to pursue a career as an actress. She meets a performance artist who persuades her to perform perverted sex acts in the name of art. Finally, repenting of her decision, she returns to her husband.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04591|title2009-06-27|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["Directed by Roger Vadim as a modern  adaptation of the once scandalous French novel, it pits one woman's desire to manipulate others against the power of real love. Jeanne Moreau plays Juliette de Merteuil, a conniving socialite who manipulates the Vicomte de Valmont  into meeting and seducing Marianne . Valmont and Marianne fall in love much to his dismay and to the delight of Merteuil. Shot in black and white in the style of the French New Wave  Vadim's whirlwind portrayal of Merteuil and Valmont's deceitful dealings brings together a clash of late 1950s society and 18th-century morality."] ['Dirk Bogarde plays Maximilian Theo Aldorfer, a former Nazi SS officer, and Charlotte Rampling plays Lucia Atherton, a concentration camp survivor who had an ambiguous relationship with Aldorfer. Flashbacks show Max tormenting Lucia, but also acting as her protector. In an iconic scene, Lucia sings a Marlene Dietrich song to the concentration camp guards while wearing pieces of an SS uniform, and Max "rewards" her with the severed head of a male inmate who had been bullying the other inmates, a reference to Salome. Thirteen years after World War II, Lucia meets Aldorfer again; he is now the night porter at a Vienna hotel. There, they fall back into their sadomasochistic relationship.'] ["Iliac is a young masseur who went home to Pampanga to find out that his bedridden father is dead. Iliac assists in the preparation of his father's burial including dressing his dead father up inside the morgue."] ["In 1501, a city in Italy has been taken by a coup d'état while its rightful ruler, Arnolfini , is away. Arnolfini promises mercenaries 24 hours of looting if they succeed in retaking the city, and they do so. But in the middle of their revelry, Arnolfini wants them gone. Hawkwood ([[Jack Thompson , the commander of his troops, is caring for a young nun he mistakenly attacked during the siege. Arnolfini promises to get her medical attention and Hawkwood leads Arnolfini's cavalry, betraying his former lieutenant, Martin . The cavalry ejects the mercenaries from the city without their loot.  Soon after, Martin's son is stillborn. Burying the infant unearths a wooden statue of Saint Martin of Tours - a saint with a sword. The mercenaries' cardinal takes this as a sign from God to follow Martin as their new leader. Arnolfini's son, Steven , is betrothed to Agnes . They meet for the first time and eat from a mandrake to magically stay in love, but the entourage is then attacked and robbed by Martin's band. Arnolfini is seriously injured, and Agnes is hauled away, hidden among her valuable dowry. Martin discovers Agnes later that evening when they strip the caravan of its valuables. The men seek to gang rape her but Martin decides to take her himself. He rapes her, but she taunts him, and later starts flirting with him, hoping for his protection. The mercenaries encounter a castle whose inhabitants are suffering from the Plague. They capture the place with ease, with the help of Agnes. She induces Martin to fall in love with her and the other mercenaries to accept her among them. She seems to have given up on her former life. But Steven is determined to win her back and turns to Hawkwood. Hawkwood only wants to live a quiet life, married to the former nun he had injured. Steven, becoming as ruthless as his father, seizes the nun to force Hawkwood to help him pursue Martin. They locate Martin and the mercenaries. They do not have sufficient forces to retake their castle but lay siege to it. Inside the castle, Martin asks Agnes where her true loyalty lies; she is noncommittal but hints that the winner takes all. When Steven builds a siege tower to storm the castle, Martin destroys it with an idea Steven had tried earlier: gunpowder. The stalemate is broken when the Plague spreads among Steven's forces and infects Hawkwood. The mercenaries capture Steven and shackle him in their courtyard. Agnes joins in the abuse of the captive and even makes love to Martin in his presence. Using a new medical technique Steven had learned, Hawkwood cures his plague. He cannot continue the siege but, before leaving to get additional troops, he catapults pieces of an infected dog into the castle. One chunk lands near the chained Steven, who flings it into the castle's water well. Agnes sees this and Steven says she must decide whether to tell the mercenaries. Most of the mercenaries wish to leave the castle out of fear of the Plague, but Martin convinces them to stay. At the next meal, Agnes watches as they drink the infected water. But when Martin begins to drink, she slaps the cup from his hands. The other mercenaries soon show signs of the Plague and hurl Martin into the well. As she did before with Steven, Agnes joins in the abuse of Martin. Hawkwood and Arnolfini have now recovered from their wounds and return with an army. Inside the castle, Steven needs Martin's key to escape his shackles, but Martin needs Steven to get out of the well. The two briefly cooperate, but on seeing the besieging army, Martin flees to the belfry. Steven frees himself and, as the final battle rages, races to find Agnes. During the fighting, the belfry catches fire. Before long, all the mercenaries except Martin are dead. Martin confronts Agnes. She says she still loves him, but he prepares to murder her rather than risk her going back to Steven. Before he can, Steven attacks. Martin, a cunning and hardened mercenary, overpowers Steven. He almost drowns him when Agnes strikes Martin over the head, and she and Steven flee the blazing castle and reunite with Hawkwood. Agnes and Steven embrace, but over Steven's shoulder, Agnes sees Martin escaping from the castle, a sack of loot over his shoulder. She says nothing."] ["Min is an illegal Burmese immigrant living in Thailand who has contracted a mysterious rash. His girlfriend, Roong, and an older woman, Orn, take him to see a doctor. But the doctor is unable to do anything because Min is forbidden to speak, since he might reveal he is Burmese. Nonetheless, as is customary in Thai hospitals, some medicine is prescribed. Orn is not satisfied, however, and she stops to buy some more supplies and then goes to her husband's office, where she concocts some lotion made with from store-bought creams and chopped vegetables and instructs Roong to slather it on Min. Roong works in a factory, painting ceramic figurines. It's painstaking work, and she does not want to work after having worked overtime the day before. She feigns an illness and takes off with Min. She drives into the countryside, with the plan of having a picnic in the forest where she and Min can make love. Orn, meanwhile, is longing for love. She steals her husband's motorcycle and goes into the jungle to meet Tommy, a worker at the factory. They have sex just off the roadside, but are interrupted when the motorcycle is stolen. Tommy chases after the thief and disappears. Unsatisfied, Orn wanders deeper into the woods and stumbles upon Min and Roong, who have just finished making love. Roong leads Orn into a stream where they both rub some lotion on Min. They then dry off and lay down by the river bank."] ['In the early 1970s, the Countess of Ségur\'s heroines have grown up. They are now teenagers with the usual preoccupations of their age. In the beautiful and peaceful area of Fleurville the good little girls  feel something is missing, which their girlish games cannot really fulfil; "a lack of men ..."'] ["Paul , a middle-aged American hotel owner mourning his wife's suicide, meets a young, engaged Parisian woman named Jeanne ([[Maria Schneider  in an apartment that both are interested in renting. Paul and Jeanne proceed to have an anonymous sexual relationship in the apartment, and Paul demands that neither of them share any personal information, not even their names. The affair goes on until one day Jeanne comes to the apartment to find that Paul has, without warning, packed up and left. Paul later meets Jeanne on the street and says that he wants to start anew with their relationship. He proceeds to tell her of the recent tragedy with his wife and the telling of his life story carries them to a tango bar where he continues telling her about himself. This loss of anonymity disillusions Jeanne about the relationship and she tells Paul she doesn't want to see him again. Paul, not wanting to let Jeanne go, chases her back to her apartment where he tells her that he loves her and finally wants to know her name. Unbeknown to Paul, Jeanne holds a gun that she has taken from a drawer. She tells him her name and shoots him. Paul, mortally wounded, staggers out onto the balcony, collapses, and dies. The audience then sees Jeanne dazed and muttering to herself that he was just a stranger who tried to rape her, reassuring herself that she did not know who he was in a rehearsal for questioning by the police."] ['Renouncing her sinful past Emanuelle  moves into a convent and becomes a nun, dedicating her life to religion and rejecting sin. Monika  a free-spirited daughter of a rich Baron joins the convent. She tells one sister how she was sexually assaulted by a group of young men ; this gains her sympathy from her fellow sisters.Sister Emanuelle. Mondo-esoterica.net. Accessed March 23, 2012. Monika has sex and performs various sex acts with various men in and around the convent. Various nuns witness this causing them to question their faith and break their repression. Monika has a sexual relationship with another sister and blackmails her  if she does not comply with her demands. Later a mysterious man, armed with a gun visits the convent. He has sex with Monika; witnessed by most nuns in the convent. Monika is later dismissed. Emanuelle later leaves at her own free-will.Suor-Emanuelle - Trailer and review. New York Times. Accessed March 23, 2012.'] ['During the Prohibition era, 13-year-old Lila Lee  is summoned by letter to visit her injured father, a gangster, before he dies. She runs away from the Reverend , who has raised her and in whose church she has become well known as a singer, though her extraordinary beauty is beginning to attract attention as well. She ends up taking a bus to the strange town of Astaroth, where people have the "Astaroth Look." En route, Lila is menaced in a swamp by a band of mindless vampires who haunt the woods and town. She is rescued by a mysterious woman named Lemora , who takes a fancy to her. It seems Lemora is the one who called the girl to her, though whether to protect or to corrupt her remains to be seen. Lemora takes Lila to an old house, where she bathes the girl and tries to soothe her. Exploring, Lila discovers the truth: Lemora is a vampire who feeds upon children and is holding her father captive. She is also the unofficial queen of the Astaroth vampires.  While trying to escape, Lila embarks on a nighttime journey through the town of Astaroth, learning in the process that there are two types of vampires there. The one fraction is like Lemora herself, relatively human in behavior and appearance, while the others are mutated or perhaps regressed, far more feral in behavior and monstrous in form; and the two groups are at war. Meanwhile, the Reverend, who is seeking Lila, manages to retrace her steps. After a climactic battle which leaves most of the vampires dead, Lila is forced to kill her own father, who has become one of the degenerates. As she weeps over his corpse, Lemora approaches her and offers her comfort by her vampire\'s kiss. When the Reverend shows up not long after, he finds Lila willing, even eager to kiss him. He resists at first, then he gives in. That is when she drives her fangs into his throat. The film ends showing Lila singing again in church. Whether this was intended to indicate the story was a dream, that it was a "flash forward" or that Lila returned as a vampire to the Church—or perhaps some other explanation—is left ambiguous.'] ['One narrative follows Miss Monde 1984/Miss Canada , who wins a contest of the "most virgin"; her prize is the marriage to a milk industry tycoon . However, following his degrading puritanical introduction to intercourse, she vents her intention to leave to her mother-in-law who, at that point, nearly has her killed. The family bodyguard  takes her away, further humiliates her, and finally packs her in a trunk bound for Paris. She finds herself on the Eiffel Tower, where she absently meets and has intercourse with a Latin singer, El Macho . The sexual act is interrupted by touring nuns who frighten the lovers into penis captivus. In her post-coital shocked state, she is adopted into an artist community led by Otto Muehl, where she finds affectionate care. The commune practices some liberating sessions, where a member, with the assistance of the others, goes through a birth experience, cries, urinates and defecates like a baby, while the others are cleaning and pampering him. Later she is seen acting for an obscene advertisement, in which she is naked, covered in liquid chocolate. The second narrative involves a woman, Anna Planeta  piloting a candy-filled boat down a river, with a large papier-mache head of Karl Marx on the prow. She picks up the hitchhiking sailor Potemkin , though she warns him that if he falls in love, she will kill him. He ignores her many suggestions for him to leave and their relationship evolves. Eventually, in the state of love making, she stabs him to death in their nidus of sugar. She also seduces children into her world of sweets and revolution. She is eventually apprehended and arrested by the police who lay down plastic sacks containing the children\'s bodies on the riverside, implying they too have been killed by Planeta. The film ends with the children, unseen by the others, being reborn from their plastic cocoons.'] ["Marcus  loses all his belongings to Alex  at a game of Gin Rummy. Alex offers to drop all depts in return for one night with Marcus' teenage daughter Chris . Marcus agrees reluctantly but when he tries to intervene, Alex and his wife Mary  bind him to a chair. She stays behind to keep an eye on him. Alex forces Chris to assume the roles of his childhood cat 'Samuel' , his mother , his wife, his child , his horse, and finally his mistress. Therewhile, Mary seems to be burning up in her green dress. She performs an erotic dance for Marcus , lapses into a memory of her mother having intercourse with a lover while she was a girl, and finally masturbates while watching Alex and Chris pretend they are lovers. The film closes on a threesome between Alex, Chris and Mary, Marcus choking Chris to death on her own night gown and finally Chris's awakening from the bad dream she just had. As well as one final surprise..."] ['Emmanuelle flies to Bangkok to meet her husband Jean, a diplomat, who asks her if she had any other lovers while she was in Paris; she replies that she has not. In Bangkok, Emmanuelle finds herself bored and somewhat disgusted with the worldliness of her fellow French expatriates, until one day at a pool when she spies Bee, a Frenchwoman whom she is informed is outside of most of the expatriate circles. After taking a nude swim, she is approached by a pretty young girl named Marie-Ange, who asks to meet Emmanuelle at her house. Intrigued, Emmanuelle agrees. Marie-Ange arrives at the house and finds Emmanuelle sleeping, and takes advantage of the situation to feel the older woman\'s body. Emmanuelle wakes up and they go outside to the porch. Marie-Ange asks Emmanuelle if she has any photos of herself and Jean having sex, to which an incredulous Emmanuelle replies no. Marie-Ange takes a French magazine with a picture of Paul Newman and begins to masturbate in front of Emmanuelle, who watches, fascinated. Emmanuelle confesses to Marie-Ange that while she did not cheat on her husband in Paris, she did have sex with two strangers on the flight over to Bangkok. Emmanuelle begins to pleasure herself for Marie-Ange as she recounts the tryst. That night, Emmanuelle tells Jean about Marie-Ange, expressing her amazement at the younger girl\'s seemingly complete lack of shame, and Jean encourages her to pursue the friendship further. During a squash match the next day, Emmanuelle\'s friend Ariane comments on her being damp from sweat, and begins to feel her up. At a party soon afterwards, Marie-Ange introduces Emmanuelle to one of her older lovers, a gentleman named Mario, who tells her that he will send a car for her the next night, but Emmanuelle is unimpressed. She spies Bee and strikes up a conversation, wishing to meet with Bee in more private quarters. Bee, an archaeologist, tells Emmanuelle that she is leaving the next day for a dig, but tells her to meet her at the klongs. When they meet up at the klongs, Emmanuelle follows Bee around, but Bee is uninterested in playing with Emmanuelle. Undeterred, Emmanuelle gets on Bee\'s jeep as she is about to leave for the dig site. Back at the house, Jean is angered that Emmanuelle has left without telling him anything. Suspecting that Ariane is behind it, he goes and demands answers from her, but Ariane tells him that all she has to offer is consolation sex. An enraged Jean takes her on a table. At first, Emmanuelle\'s affair with Bee is on rocky footing; they stop to go skinny-dipping on the way to the dig site, but when Emmanuelle tries to relax next to Bee while they dry off, she brushes her off, saying that they\'ve already lost time. After reaching the dig site, Bee starts to warm up to her new companion, but throughout the day, Emmanuelle distracts her from her work. They finally make love, but afterwards, Bee asks Emmanuelle to leave. Emmanuelle returns home in tears, feeling humiliated. Jean tries to comfort her, advising her that the best way to get over Bee is to take another lover. At the squash courts the following day, Emmanuelle and Ariane argue. Ariane is jealous that Emmanuelle ran off with Bee, as she herself had hoped to be Emmanuelle\'s first female lover, while Emmanuelle is displeased at Ariane for having sex with Jean. Ariane protests that it was more like rape than consensual sex, then advises Emmanuelle to meet with Mario, telling her that at his age, making love becomes so difficult that any man capable of it must be an artist. Later, Emmanuelle consults with Jean, who has decided to encourage the relationship between her and Mario by leaving her with him for two days. She expresses a desire to take Marie-Ange as her new lover instead, but Jean informs her that Marie-Ange has gone off on a trip with her parents - a fact that he knows because he has slept with her - and so Emmanuelle resigns herself to a meeting with Mario. At their first dinner together, Mario tells Emmanuelle that monogamy will soon die out. He tells her that she must learn to let lust, rather than guilt or reason, guide her when it comes to sex. This, he says, will lead her to greater levels of pleasure than she ever imagined possible. To begin instilling this lesson in her, he takes her to an opium den, where she is raped by one of the denizens while he watches. Later, Mario takes Emmanuelle to a makeshift boxing ring, where he talks two young men into fighting each other for the right to have sex with her. At Mario\'s insistence, Emmanuelle chooses one of the men as her favorite, then watches as they fight. Her chosen champion prevails, and she is so aroused by his willingness to fight for her that she licks the blood from a wound on his forehead and then allows him to take her from behind. She soon climaxes and drops to the floor with exhaustion. Sometime later, Emmanuelle is awakened by Mario, who takes her into another room. She is told to undress, so that she can change into a dress with a zipper down the back, allowing Mario to strip her naked in an instant. This, she understands, is in preparation for her next sexual encounter. Emmanuelle protests that she is tired, and asks Mario if he himself will ever have sex with her, to which Mario replies that he is waiting for the "next Emmanuelle"  As the movie ends, Emmanuelle sits at a mirror and begins applying makeup, hoping that by following Mario\'s instructions, she will reach the higher levels of pleasure that he has promised.'] ["When Mitsuko's husband dies leaving her with a large debt, she becomes the sexual slave of his largest creditor, Kitō. Kitō's son Kazuhiko, who is expected to marry the daughter of a wealthy businessman, falls in love with Mitsuko. To escape the situation, Mitsuko drowns herself in the lake near her husband's country villa.Buchanan, Jason. Slave Widow. Allmovie. Retrieved on May 30, 2008."] ['A young woman  becomes a nun at the Sacred Heart Convent to find out what happened to her mother years earlier. She encounters a lesbian mother superior, lecherous archbishops, and uncovers many dark secrets. The convent also practices brutal discipline and encourages masochistic rituals such as self-flagellation. In one scene, two nuns are forced to strip to the waist and whip each other severely with heavy floggers. Later, Takigawa is tortured and whipped by a group of nuns armed with rose-thorns.'] ["Purportedly based on lead actress Rinako Hirasawa's experiences, the film tells the story of a secretary who is led to the world of BDSM by her boss.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}}"] ['Fontaine Khaled is the London wife of a wealthy but boring businessman. She spends his money on her nightclub, Hobo, and partying. She hires a manager, Tony, to run her club, but it is understood that his job security is dependent on him satisfying her nymphomaniac demands. Tony loses interest in Fontaine, and turns his attention to her young stepdaughter, who uses him to get back at Fontaine for cheating on her father. Fontaine then dumps Tony. At the end of the film she is divorced by her husband for adultery. The film featured a famous pool orgy scene which was supposed to be set in Paris but was actually filmed in a health club in Covent Garden. In one scene Collins was shown naked on a swing. The film was banned or cut in many countries.'] ['Christopher Atkins plays Rick Monroe, a jock and a popular guy in college in Titusville, Florida; he is outspoken and overconfident. Lesley Ann Warren plays Faye Hanlon, Rick\'s speech professor; she is prim and proper. At the end of his final report for his class, Rick cracks a joke and Faye is not amused. She decides to fail him and make him take the course over again. Faye is going through a slump in her marriage to Whitney , a rocket scientist who has just lost his job. Faye\'s free-spirited sister Patsy, visiting from Chicago, takes her to a strip club to cheer her up. The show features a performer called "Ricky the Rocket," who is none other than Faye\'s student Rick. When he notices Faye in the crowd, he gives her a very special lap dance. The next day, Faye and Rick run into each other at a school function. Initially, Rick is interested only in convincing Faye to allow him another chance at his final and is rebuffed. He realizes that she is attracted to him and begins flirting. Faye arranges to meet Patsy near her hotel, only to discover that she has been tricked into seeing another performance by "Ricky the Rocket". Patsy must return home a day early, so she turns over use of her hotel room to Faye, who calls Whitney and lies that she and Patsy are staying at Patsy\'s hotel together. Coincidentally, Rick\'s mother works in the same hotel, and while visiting his mother, Rick runs into Faye again; they return to Faye\'s room and have sex. Faye must leave and in her absence, Rick invites his girlfriend Slick to the room where they have sex. Faye catches them in the shower and, humiliated, flees; she realizes that she\'s been had. Whitney, returning home from an unsuccessful job interview, discovers that Patsy has gone home. Whitney travels to the hotel and catches Rick as he\'s exiting. Whitney kidnaps Rick at gunpoint; he takes Rick to a boat at a small dock and forces him to strip. Rick, sobbing, complies. Whitney threatens Rick repeatedly but in the end only shoots holes in the boat, leaving a naked Rick aboard as it sinks. Faye returns home to find Whitney waiting for her; she apologizes and he forgives her. At the end, the couple talk about their problems and resolve them.'] ["The Unbearable Lightness of Being introduces Czech brain surgeon Tomas , a lothario who is a successful medical doctor in Communist Czechoslovakia. His lover, Sabina , is an equally care-free artist. One day, Dr Tomas leaves Prague to operate on a man in a spa town. There, he meets the waitress Tereza , who dreams of escaping her small town life. She follows him to Prague and cohabits with him, complicating Tomas's extra-domestic sexual affairs. Tomas asks Sabina to help Tereza find work as a photographer. Tereza is fascinated and jealous as she grasps that Sabina and Tomas are lovers. Her distress about his polyamory is interrupted by the Soviet Army tanks invading Czechoslovakia. Amidst the confusion, Tereza photographs the Soviet invasion, then hands the rolls of film to foreigners to smuggle to the West. Facing the stultifying reality that replaced the Prague Spring, Tomas, Sabina, and Tereza flee Czechoslovakia for Switzerland; first Sabina, then the hesitant Tomas and Tereza. In Geneva, Sabina meets Franz , a married university professor; they begin a love affair. After some time, he decides to abandon his wife and family for her. After hearing the declaration, Sabina abandons Franz, feeling he would emotionally weigh her down. Meanwhile, Tereza and Tomas attempt to adapt to Switzerland, whose people Tereza finds inhospitable. When she discovers that Tomas continues womanizing, she leaves him and Switzerland, and returns to Czechoslovakia. Upset by her leaving, Tomas follows Tereza to Czechoslovakia, where his passport is confiscated, locking him in-country; nevertheless, his return elates Tereza. They are re-united. In Prague, Tomas tries recovering his old brain surgeon hospital job, but the Soviet-backed régime consider him politically incorrect and prevent his re-employment. Before the invasion, Tomas wrote an article comparing the Soviets to Oedipus Rex; noting that Oedipus plucked out his eyes upon understanding his crime, but that the autocracy could see everything but its crimes. The régime demands his signature to a letter repudiating the article. Tomas refuses, and is black-listed from practicing medicine; he works as a window washer, and continues womanizing. Working as a waitress, Tereza meets an engineer who propositions her. Aware of Tomas's infidelity, she enters a one-time and unpleasant sexual liaison with the engineer. Remorseful, she fears the engineer might have been a secret agent for the régime, who might blackmail her and Tomas. She contemplates suicide, which Tomas thwarts. Stressed by insubstantial city life, Tereza convinces Tomas to leave Prague for the country; they go to a village where an old patient of Tomas' welcomes them. In the village, they live a farm idyll, far from the political intrigues of Prague. In contrast, Sabina has gone to the US, where she continues in the detached bohemian style of life. Later, Sabina is shocked by the letter telling of the deaths of Tereza and Tomas in a road accident while returning after celebrating in another town. Their lightness no longer unbearable, Tereza and Tomas were deeply happy as they drove toward death."] ["The film is about a young woman's  sexual awakening. She experiements in a range of sexual practices and taboos."] ["Dr. Stephen Fleming, a British cabinet minister, lives a pleasant life with wife Ingrid and young daughter Sally. His older son, Martyn, is a rising journalist. At a party, Stephen meets a young half-French woman named Anna Barton, who introduces herself as a close friend of Martyn's; it is immediately apparent, however, that Stephen and Anna are intensely attracted to each other. When Martyn visits his parents in London, he brings Anna with him, revealing that they are romantically involved. The sexual tension between Stephen and Anna is clear, though their significant others are oblivious to this. Despite her relationship with Martyn, Anna arranges a tryst with Stephen at her apartment. Stephen's obsession with Anna deepens. After an international summit adjourns in Brussels, he travels to Paris to meet her instead of going home. While Martyn is still sleeping in a Paris hotel room, Stephen and Anna have sex in an open doorway in broad daylight. Afterwards, Stephen checks into a hotel across the street from Anna and Martyn's, spying on the couple through his window. Eventually, Stephen's infatuation with Anna reaches a point where he desires to be with her permanently, even at the risk of destroying his relationship with his son. Anna dissuades Stephen from doing this, reassuring him that as long as she is with Martyn, he will always have access to her. During a visit to Anna's apartment, Stephen finds that another man named Peter has already arrived. Peter&nbsp;— unaware of Stephen's affair with Anna&nbsp;— tells him that they are former lovers. A jealous Stephen initially assumes that Anna is cheating on him and, when Peter leaves, confronts her about his presence. Anna denies carrying on with Peter, and then describes in detail the death of her brother, who had committed suicide after expressing an incestuous desire for her. She recounts that she had compulsively slept with Peter in order to grieve over her brother's death, which she had witnessed. Stephen is placated by this explanation, and the couple engage in passionate sex. The Flemings travel to their country estate to celebrate Ingrid's birthday. During a meal there, Martyn announces his engagement to Anna, which visibly disturbs Stephen. That night, after Stephen receives oral sex from Anna, Sally&nbsp;— fetching a glass of water&nbsp;— catches them outside of Anna's room. Soon after, an anxious Stephen lies to Sally about what she saw, telling her that he was merely trying to console Anna about the upcoming marriage. Later, the Flemings have an awkward lunch with Anna's mother, who notices the awkward behavior between Anna and Stephen. She correctly deduces that they are having an affair and, during a car ride with Stephen, warns him to put an end to it. Stephen initially complies and calls Anna to end their relationship. He tries to confess his misdeeds to both Martyn and Ingrid, but shies away from doing so both times. However, after Stephen succumbs to temptation and anonymously phones Anna's apartment, she mails him keys to a renovated flat where they can meet. When Anna visits his home, she tells Stephen that she couldn't marry Martyn without being with him. They go to the flat at an appointed time and begin another raucous tryst, but Martyn&nbsp;— having been guided to the flat by chance&nbsp;— finds them in bed together. Stunned, he falls over a stairway railing and plunges to his death. A devastated Stephen clutches Martyn's body while Anna silently leaves the scene. Stephen's affair is exposed and becomes the subject of a media frenzy, with a mob of reporters convening outside his house. Inside, an anguished Ingrid reacts to the day's events by questioning whether he had ever been in love with her. It is strongly suggested that their marriage ends. Stephen, now publicly disgraced, is also forced to resign from his cabinet position. He meets Anna's mother at a hotel and finds that Anna is staying with her; they say nothing as they meet for the last time. Stephen withdraws from his old life and retires to an unknown location in Europe. In narration, he reveals that Anna now has a child with Peter. In his flat, a photo of himself with Anna and Martyn&nbsp;— blown up to life size&nbsp;— hangs on his wall. He stares at Anna's frozen image, still gripped by his obsession for her."] ["Parolee Ben Jordan has spent the past fifteen years behind bars for his pregnant wife's murder. He is monitored by his parole officer Lee Samuels and social worker Laura Mathews after he is released. Mathews begins looking into his case and becomes convinced that he was convicted under circumstantial evidence and starts becoming convinced of his innocence in the crime. Before long she starts falling for him, but this is far from wise, since even if he is innocent, Mrs Jordan's real murderer may soon come a calling."] ["In their castle, a wealthy couple ([[Frank Wolff  watch a blue movie with their adult son, played by Paolo Turco. Later that evening at a local carnival, they spot a woman  who appears to be one of the performers in the film and decide to take her home with them. Although a subsequent viewing of the film calls the woman's identity into question, their house guest quickly succeeds in seducing the various members of the family, resulting in the revelation of certain facts, fears and desires."] ["As his investments in the stock market fail, a man finds himself in serious debt to a lecherous loan-shark named Uchiyama. The man's wife hires herself to Uchiyama to buy time for the husband to pay off the debt. After Uchiyama uses the wife to provide companionship for his mentally-impaired son, she is hit by a car, and her husband falls into despair and illness. Their daughter works as a nightclub dancer, intending to save the money to help with the debt. After her father's suicide, the girl decides to get revenge."] ["{{expand section}} On a remote island, beautiful bloodsucker Countess Nadine Oskudar  lures unwary victims with her seductive nightclub act and sets her sights on silky blonde Linda , initiating her into the realm of love beyond the grave. After their first carnal encounter, Linda wanders the beach in a daze and falls under the care of Dr. Seward , who's intent on using Nadine to become a vampire himself."] ["Kim Mun-hee is a 32 year old divorced woman. She eventually engages in an affair with 19 year old Seo-hyun, who considers Kim to be his first love. However, according to Korean law, when it comes to sex, you are not of full age until 20 . Kim is arrested and has to spend a few days in prison for seduction of minors, before she is set free and sentenced to do some hours of community service. After being released, the press and Seo-hyun wait for her outside of the prison. Mun-hee and Seo-hyun rent a room and stay there for some time, where they spend almost all of their time having sex. Mun-hee slowly starts to understand that this kind of relationship won't work forever, and wants to split up with Seo-hyun. But the boy insists that he really loves her, and that he won't let her go. The two find shelter at the home of a friend of Mun-hee, Jane Cast: * Seo Jung  * Shim Ji-ho  * Oh Yun-hong"] ['Fontaine Khaled  is the owner of a trendy disco who is now facing financial problems. At the same time, she also has to deal with the various men in her life, as well as the Mafia. The plot of the film differs slightly from that of the novel, particularly as to the ending.'] ['An erotic drama about a writer involved in a plagiarism suit who becomes romantically involved with a woman with whom he is connected through dreams.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ['Ju Yeong-jak  is a successful lawyer who works long hours. While he is working, his wife Eun Ho-jeong , who gave up her dancing career in order to be "A Good Lawyer\'s Wife", raises their young adopted son and works as a dance instructor in the local gym. Ju Yeong-jak\'s father, Chang-geun , an alcoholic with a fatal liver failure, has not slept with his wife in 15 years. She is having an affair with another man, and when Chang-geun finally dies, she tells Yeong-jak and Ho-jeong about her relationship with the other man—an old friend from her grade school—and says that she even plans to marry him. Her daughter-in-law Ho-jeong supports her. Ho-jeong herself cannot achieve an orgasm from Yeong-jak. But for reasons that are not made clear in the English subtitles, he is not satisfied by her either and is having an affair with a young woman, who is an artist and a former model . He receives from the young woman the satisfaction he lacks at home. When Ho-jeong catches her teenager neighbour  peeping on her undressing in her apartment, she is, at first, angered. But she then decides to fulfil his peeping wish and allows him to see her doing nude gymnastics through the window. He then follows her on his bike and even barges into her dance class. She eventually follows him to the cinema where they talk. As they watch a movie, she teases him by acting oblivious to him groping her breasts. Meanwhile, Yeong-jak runs a drunk motor cyclist off the road while receiving a blowjob from his young mistress. Yeong-jak takes the man to a hospital but drops off his girlfriend on the way; his primary concern is that the presence of his girlfriend not become public knowledge. Due to the other driver\'s reputation as a quarrelsome eccentric alcoholic, the authorities assume that the other driver is entirely responsible for the crash. Yeong-jak promises the man, a postman who needs to be able to drive to keep his job, that if the postman does not mention that there was a woman in the car he will use his legal connections to make sure that the man does not suffer any consequences for having been driving while drunk. One evening, after she Ho-jeon finally learns about her husband\'s affair, she tells her teenage neighbour to follow her without giving any details except suggestively saying "I hope you\'ll be okay." She takes him to the abandoned dance hall. Without exchanging a word, she just allows him to mount her, but he soon stops and rolls aside . Not giving up, she fellates him. She then mounts him herself while at the same time giving him a handjob, moving in spasms and moaning loudly as she finally gains her long sought orgasm. The father of Ho-jeong\'s teenager neighbour soon finds out about their affair and exposes it to Yeong-jak, unaware that Yeong-jak apparently does not care what his wife does. However, Yeong-jak fails to keep his promise to the postman. The postman kidnaps Yeong-jak\'s adopted son and throws him off a building to his death. The postman then commits suicide. Yeong-jak and Ho-jeong are devastated by their son\'s death. Ho-jeong blames Yeong-jak for starting the chain of circumstances that ended with the murder/suicide. The story ends on an enigmatic note. Ho-jeong discovers than she is pregnant and knows that Yeong-jak cannot be the father. He offers to accept the child as his own but she informs him that he is "out of the picture." It is unclear from the final scene if Yeong-jak is hurt or relieved by her announcement. The story also addresses the legacy of the Korean War and its impact on many families. Yeong-jak\'s father and grandfather escaped from the communist north—apparently during the war. Yeong-jak\'s grandmother and his father\'s sisters remained in the north and "perished". Yeong-jak\'s father is last seen in the final stages of dementia singing a communist anthem honoring North Korean leader Kim Il-sung. Yeong-jak goes out into the country to inform his grandfather of the death and discovers that his grandfather has been dead for six months, and that his grandfather\'s young female companion had not notified the other members of the family. There is also a subplot about the excavation of a mass grave containing the remains of Korean civilians who were killed—apparently by the communists—during the Korean War.'] ["The film sets in on November 25 1970, the last day in Mishima's life. He is shown finishing a manuscript. Then, he puts on a uniform he designed for himself and meets with four of his most loyal followers from his private army. In flashbacks highlighting episodes from his past life, the viewer sees Mishima's progression from a sickly young boy to one of Japan's most acclaimed writers of the post-war era . His loathing for the materialism of modern Japan has him turn towards an extremist traditionalism. He sets up his own private army and proclaims the reinstating of the emperor as head of state. The biographical parts are interwoven with short dramatizations of three of Mishima's novels: In The Temple of the Golden Pavilion, a stuttering aspirant sets fire to the famous Zen Buddhist temple because he feels inferior at the sight of its beauty. Kyoko's House depicts the sadomasochistic  relationship between an elderly woman and her young lover, who is in her financial debt. In Runaway Horses, a group of young fanatic nationalists fails to overthrow the government, with its leader subsequently committing suicide. Frame story, flashbacks and dramatizations are segmented into the four chapters of the film's title, named Beauty, Art, Action, and Harmony of Pen and Sword. The film culminates in Mishima and his followers taking a General of the Japanese armed forces as hostage. He addresses the garrison's soldiers, asking them to join him in his struggle to reinstate the emperor as the nation's sovereign. Faced with his proclamation being largely ignored and ridiculed, Mishima commits seppuku."] ['An innocent college student, Kim Sherwood , is lured into doing "glamour" poses to earn money for tuition. Once she has done this work she is blackmailed by the photographers into doing more and more explicit posing. Various forms of implied sexual violence follow until the girl is rescued from her desperate situation.'] ["Rebeca, a TV news broadcaster, is at Madrid's airport anxiously awaiting the return of her mother whom she has not seen since she was a child. Her mother, Becky del Páramo, a famous torch song singer, is coming back to Spain after a fifteen-year stay in Mexico. While waiting, Rebeca recalls incidents from her childhood in which her mother let her in the background of her life preoccupied with her career and her romantic life. For fifteen years Rebeca has longed for her mother to come back and for the love and affection of which she had been deprived. Nevertheless, her love is accompanied by a deep resentment. Rebeca has since become a newsreader for a private television station owned by her husband Manuel. The reunion of mother and daughter is even tenser because Manuel was many years ago one of Becky's lovers. The night of her return, Becky, Rebeca and Manuel have supper and then go out to see Letal, a female impersonator whose drag act is based on Becky. For sometime, Rebeca has been coming to see the show whenever she misses her mother. Backstage Rebeca helps Letal to remove his costume. Kneeling in front of him as she helps him undress she is impressed by his manliness. Letal takes advantage of the situation and they make love. Manuel, who no longer loves his wife, foolishly wants to sleep with Becky again and divorce Rebeca. A month later Manuel is murdered in his villa. He had spent the evening first with his mistress Isabel, who is the sign language interpreter of Rebeca's words on the news, and then with Becky who, having become his lover again has learnt he had another mistress and had come to announce it was over between them. It was Rebeca who discovered the body. The investigating magistrate, Judge Dominguez, centers his suspicions on the mother and daughter whose relationship he knows has not recovered since Rebeca found out Becky was seeing Manuel. On the day of Manuel's funeral, while reading the news of his death, Rebeca confesses to the murder live on television. She is immediately imprisoned but the investigating judge seems desperate to prove her innocence despite all the evidence. Becky makes her return to the Madrid stage while Rebeca spends her first night in prison. In jail, she listens on the radio to a triumphant Madrid concert performance of her mother who dedicates her first songs to her. Paula, the social worker, takes a special interest in Rebeca, like her, she is heartbroken, grieving the loss of Hugo, her boyfriend. A nude picture of Hugo that Paula carries with her makes Rebeca think that Letal and Hugo are the same person. The judge arranges for Becky to see her daughter, and Rebeca now denies the murder of Manuel. Mother and daughter confess to each other their lack of love, their jealousy, and their secrets. Rebeca draws a comparison between herself and the daughter in the film Autumn Sonata in which the girl's mother, an outstanding pianist, asks her to play the piano and then humiliates her by telling her how to improve her performance. Rebeca suggests that she too has always felt inferior to Becky and has been forced to compete with her, winning only once by marrying Manuel. But even this victory was finally denied her, when Becky started an affair with Manuel. If Rebeca's desire to be closer to Becky led her, fifteen years ago, to murder her stepfather, it also played some part in her murder of Manuel, whom she sees as ousting in her mother's affection. The extent of Rebeca's fixation and the limitlessness of her adoration are too much for Becky's frail heart and her condition worsens. Back in prison, Rebeca discovers she is pregnant – carrying Letal's child. At once, the Judge releases her from prison but without any fresh evidence. Rebeca goes to see Letal's final drag performance and in the dressing room discovers that he is the judge, Letal being one of the Judge's disguises and Hugo being another. He explains that his dressing up was not more than an investigative strategy and, knowing about her pregnancy, asks her to marry him. As Rebeca struggles to take this in, they see a TV broadcast relating Becky's sudden heart attack. They rush to the hospital. Rebeca confesses to her mother the murder of Manuel, and Becky decides to take the blame in order for her daughter to go free. Becky accuses herself of the murder and when she is taken home to die, Rebeca gives her the gun and Becky leaves her fingerprints on it, thereby incriminating herself and establishing Rebeca's innocence. When Rebeca sees the high heels of the women passing in the street, she tells her mother the sound of the heels from a distance reminds her of her mother coming home when she was little. She turns around and realizes her mother has died while she was talking."] ["Kaavya  and her best friend Vicky pull an anti-operation against one of the biggest business tycoons, which happens to be Siddharth Dhanrajgir's company. They take pictures of a few black-business deals and write an article that gets published. Siddharth, being a rich and cocky tycoon, wants revenge, so he calls Kaavya up for some coffee. He offers her a job in his company with a three hundred percentage increase in income, and Kaavya accepts his offer immediately. They go on a business trip together, and Kaavya helps Siddharth get his company a good deal. That night, Siddharth takes Kaavya to dinner, where they both connect romantically and end up having sex. On return, Kaavya meets her friend Vicky and gives him the gifts she got for him and says 'I love my job'. An upset Vicky keeps silent and sad, but does not show off. The next day, Kaavya goes to work and finds out that her entry pass to get inside the office has been cancelled. She goes to talk to Siddharth, who arrogantly talks about his plan and pulls a gun out, tortures her, and says that he never had any feelings for her; he just wanted revenge for the sting operation she pulled. He tells her that he punishes people who mess with him, and tells her to get out of his office. Heartbroken, Kaavya leaves and applies for another job, with Vicky's support. While Vicky is dropping her, she runs out of the car and vomits. He takes her to the doctor, only to find out that she is now pregnant. Kaavya immediately meets Siddharth again, and he once again humiliates her, but she informs him that she is pregnant and says that she can prove that it's Siddharth's child . That night, he calls her and pretends to be sorry for what happened. Kavya immediately falls again and runs to meet him. He kidnaps her, and not only kills the baby, but takes out her ovaries, and throws her. Kaavya becomes a sex worker and sleeps with many people to get to Siddharth. She finally gets him humiliated and arrested. Kaavya, now happy and content, moves on with Vicky, who confesses his love for her, but she gets shot to death by the wife of one of the men that she slept with. Kaavya dies and the woman shoots herself as well, saying that revenge is the best feeling."] ['Ben Sanderson  is a Hollywood screenwriter whose alcoholism costs him his job, family, and friends. With nothing left, he goes to Las Vegas to drink himself to death. As he drives drunkenly down the Las Vegas Strip, he almost hits a woman in the crosswalk, Sera , who chastises him. Ben checks into a sleazy motel called The Whole Year Inn. As he looks at this the wording changes to "The Hole You\'re In." Meanwhile, Sera is a prostitute for an abusive pimp, Yuri Butso , a Latvian immigrant. Polish mobsters are after Yuri, so he breaks his relationship with Sera in fear that the Poles may hurt her, and is murdered  shortly afterwards. On his second day in Las Vegas, Ben meets Sera, on the street where he first met her, introduces himself and offers $500 to go to his room for an hour. Sera agrees to go to his room, but Ben does not want sex. Instead, they talk and create an odd relationship. Their relationship is doomed; Sera has to promise Ben she will never ask him to stop drinking, and Ben is not allowed to criticize Sera\'s occupation. At first the two are stable, as Ben is "totally at ease with this ." However, each becomes frustrated with the other\'s behavior. Sera attempts to get Ben to eat but Ben stumbles for more alcohol. Sera begs him to see a doctor. Ben, furious but intoxicated, brings another prostitute  to Sera\'s house. Sera returns home and throws Ben out. Shortly afterward, she is raped and beaten by three college students, and the injuries make her occupation obvious. After being evicted, Sera receives a call from Ben, who is on his deathbed. She visits Ben and they have sex. They fall asleep, and when Ben wakes up, he looks across at Sera, who is lying on top of him, and dies while holding her as she sleeps. His last word is "wow".'] ["Katya Yarno is a window dresser for Horne's department store who specializes in displays with sexy, slightly kinky themes. Surrounded by the equipment of her trade &mdash; mannequins and lingerie &mdash; Katya lives in a loft apartment in downtown Pittsburgh. She spends her evenings taking her bath by candlelight and thinking up new and more provocative window displays. Katya soon becomes the obsession of Jack Price, a handsome  psychopath. Jack proceeds to stalk Katya and makes her life a living hell. Tired of being harassed, Katya decides to give Jack a taste of his own medicine."] ["In Japan, Nakazu  is about to get married to a woman who insists on keeping up with his daily events through a cellphone. His baseball fan friends Toshida  and Uno  feel that Nakazu needs one last thrill before tying the knot as they stumble upon a brothel called the Shogun Massage Parlor after a night of playing baseball. Toshida and Uno insist on entering into the brothel with Nakazu who has never paid for sex before. The three are presented before female buttocks that are displayed through holes in a wall to give them a taste of what the brothel has to offer. Each of the three men separate into rooms with their selected ladies of the night, Nagisa , Nonoko  and Kaori . The trio of men are unaware of the brothel's mission to sexually torture customers."] ["Ten years after Elizabeth  left him, John has descended into a world of depression and loneliness, and is suicidal. When he receives an invitation to attend an art exhibit in Paris that will feature some of Elizabeth's paintings, he immediately boards a plane for France, hoping to get to talk to her. He arrives at the auction house and promptly wins all of her artwork, but Elizabeth is not there. He does, however, see a beautiful woman  wearing exactly the same shawl that he gave to Elizabeth many years earlier. The woman's name is Lea. She says that she is Elizabeth's close friend and that Elizabeth is now living in another country, happily married. John suspects there is something Lea is not telling him. It becomes apparent that Elizabeth told her intimate details of their relationship. Lea, a fashion designer, is obviously attracted to John, and he begins to warm to her as well. They begin a passionate affair, but Lea continues to be evasive when it comes to answering questions about Elizabeth. John also becomes close to Lea's beautiful assistant, Claire, who is in an abusive relationship with her boyfriend. As John comes closer to discovering the truth of Elizabeth's fate, he is forced to examine the ways in which his past actions have changed him as a person, and if he can be the kind of lover for Lea that she wants him to be."] ["A well respected monk, Capuchin Ambrosio compromises himself with his carnal lust for a pupil, a woman disguised as a monk , she tempts the monk to transgress and he is soon found desiring another, the innocent Antonia. Matilda uses magic spells to help the monk in his pursuit of Antonia, whose rape by him leads to her insanity. It later emerges that Matilda is an instrument of Satan in female form. The focus is also on Antonia's previous relationship with Lorenzo, whose sister is tortured by hypocritical nuns for her own relationship. Returning to Ambrosio, he is delivered to the Inquisition; escaping only by selling his soul to the devil. The devil prevents Ambrosio's final repentance, and informs Ambrosio that Antonia is the monk's sister.Vincent Cassel Toplines Dominik Moll's 'The Monk' IonCinema. 5 April 2010"] ["Iris  is a young woman working in a bottle washing factory. She loses the tip of her ring finger in an accident at work and leaves her job. She moves to a nearby port city and comes across a job working for a strange laboratory at which people have 'specimens' preserved."] ["When the boss of a yakuza clan in 1920s Osaka is assassinated, Oryu, his mistress, vows revenge. Her search for the killer takes her out of the city. The old boss' son proves a poor leader, only interested in Omitsu, his high-class girlfriend. Yajima, the second-in-command, is taking advantage of the situation to accumulate power for himself. Oryu is called back to help stabilize the situation. Yajima kidnaps both Oryu and Omitsu, and subjects them to torture and various forms of sexual humiliations. During the S&M sessions, Oryu learns that Yajima was the killer of the old boss.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn304–305}}"] ['The "Hotel" in the title is a reference to a prostitutes who come to one\'s hotel room-- an illegal practise.{{cite book}}'] ['The film is a biography of anarchist Sakae Ōsugi, who was assassinated by the Japanese military in 1923. The story tells of his relationship with three women: Hori Yasuko, his wife; Noe Itō, his third lover, who was to die with him; and his jealous, second lover, Masaoka Itsuko, a militant feminist who attempts to kill him in a tea house in 1916. Parallel to the telling of Ōsugi’s life, two students do research on the political theories and ideas of free love that he upheld. Some of the characters from the past and from the present meet and engage the themes of the movie.'] ["After a teenager who purchased the erotic novel The Seven Minutes is charged for rape, an eager prosecutor who is against pornography  uses the scandal to declare the book as obscene and brings charges against the bookstore. The subsequent trial soon creates a heated debate about the issue of pornography vs. free speech. The young defense lawyer must also solve the mystery of the novel's true author."] ['The storyline follows the grisly fates of a group of civilian women in a fictional, war-torn Tokyo, as they are repeatedly raped by the soldiers that are supposed to protect them.'] ["The lives of a group of punk-like characters, and their growing maturity, or lack thereof, is explored in a storyline shifting between 1981 and 1989.Sharp. Behind the Pink Curtain, p. 288. In contrast to Zeze's usual somber style, and like the later Tokyo X Erotica, Anarchy in Japansuke is one of the director's lighter films.{{cite web}}"] ["A gigolo is paid by a rich older woman to seduce young girls while she and friends watch his love-making behind a two-way mirror. He tries to break free of the older woman's control, but when his sick mother needs an operation, he returns to the rich woman, making love to her for money. Humiliated by his dependency, he takes the woman's daughter to the love-show, where he rapes her in front of her mother.{{AMG}}"] ['A diverse group of people, all with troubles in their daily lives, meet online and decide to commit suicide together. Isolated from society at large, they form a physical bond as the appointed time approaches.<ref nameJasper |lasthttp://www.midnighteye.com/reviews/round-up_006.shtml#obscene-internet-group|title2009-05-26|publisher http://web.archive.org/web/20090510111152/http://www.midnighteye.com/reviews/round-up_006.shtml| archivedate no}}'] ["In this episode in the Madame Aema series, Aema is married to a respected scholar who is preoccupied with his research and unable to satisfy her sex drive. Aema's husband becomes the target of a Japanese businessman with ties to the yakuza. Seeking to take his research, the Japanese businessman blackmail Aema's husband by taping him in a compromising position with a young woman he has sent to seduce him. Meanwhile Aema is indulging in an affairs of her own.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04753|title2009-06-29|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}"] ['Set in an anonymous Japanese metropolis, the film tells the tale of shy career woman, Rinko, and Shigehiko, her hygiene-obsessed, workaholic husband. The couple explore their sexuality in a number of ways, causing their lives to be disrupted.'] ['The plot revolves around Countess Irina von Karlstein , a mute woman who needs sex like a vampire needs blood in order to stay alive forever.Roberto Curti, La comtesse noire , in Succubus. Guida al cinema di Jess Franco, Nocturno Dossier allegato a Nocturno Cinema n. 60, Anno XII, luglio 2007, a cura di Roberto Curti con la collaborazione di Francesco Cesari, pp. 50-51. When new victims are found fatally drained of potency, forensic scientist Dr. Roberts consults his colleague, Dr. Orloff, who confirms that a vampire is responsible. Meanwhile, Irina is confronted by a poet who believes he is destined to become her lover and join her among the immortals.'] ["Middle-aged Hideo lives alone with an inflatable doll he calls Nozomi. The doll is his closest companion. He dresses it up, talks to it over dinner, takes it out for walks in the community  and has sexual intercourse with it. However, unbeknown to Hideo, Nozomi finds a heart. After Hideo leaves for work each day, Nozomi dresses in her maid's outfit and explores the world outside their apartment with a sense of childlike wonder. Eventually she takes a job in a video store and becomes romantically involved with one of the employees. He discovers her secret—with unanticipated results."] ['Successful psychologist, Dr. Angela Cross , hires security expert Will Griffith  and his partner, Steve Caldwell , to install a security system in her house, after receiving several death threats. Jeff and Angela begin a relationship, which eventually exposes some secrets from her past.'] ['Poppo, a teenage girl, is raped by four boys on the roof of a seven-story apartment building. She asks them to kill her, but they mock her and leave. Tsukio, a teenage boy, has been watching the rape passively. Over the next couple days, Poppo and Tsukio begin a relationship, telling each other of their troubled past and philosophizing about their fate. Poppo describes earlier rapes, which are shown in flashback. In a color flashback, Tsukio tells of his own recent sexual abuse at the hands his parents and another couple, all of whom he has stabbed to death. Poppo repeatedly asks Tsukio to kill her, but he refuses. When the gang returns and again rapes Poppo, Tsukio kills each of them and their three girlfriends. While he is doing this, Poppo follows him complaining that he refuses her request, yet is killing the gang. The story ends with Poppo and Tsukio both jumping off the apartment roof to their deaths.Synopsis based on {{cite book}}, {{cite web}}'] ['High school sweethearts David  and Diana Murphy  are a married couple who travel to Las Vegas, hoping they can win enough money to finance David\'s fantasy real estate project. They place their money on red in roulette and lose. After gambling away all of their savings, they encounter billionaire John Gage . Gage is attracted to Diana and offers David one million dollars to spend a night with her. After a difficult night, David and Diana decide to accept the offer, and a contract is signed the next day. Gage flies Diana to a private yacht where he offers her a chance to void the deal and return to her husband if he loses a toss of his lucky coin. Gage calls it correctly and she spends the night with him. Although he had hoped to forget the whole incident, David grows increasingly insecure about his relationship with Diana, consumed with a fear that she remains involved with Gage; this insecurity is heightened by the fact Diana discovers that Gage has bought their home/property while it was going into foreclosure. Because of this tension on their relationship, David and Diana separate. Gage actively persists and renews his advances on Diana. Although she initially resists, Diana eventually consents to spending time with him and a relationship develops. David, meanwhile, realizes he cannot go on without the love of his life. When Diana files for divorce, David makes one final attempt to win her back by signing the divorce papers and giving the million dollars away. David bares his soul as to why he allowed the night to happen. It is clearly a turning point for both of them. Gage sees how Diana looks at David and recognizes that, even if she stayed with him, their relationship would never achieve the intensity she had with David. Later in the car with Gage, it is clear Diana has made up her mind to return to David when she says to Gage that they need to talk. Gage, realizing that she longs to return to David, makes up a story that she was only the latest in a long line of "million-dollar girls". Diana realizes that Gage is doing this to make it easy for her to leave, thanks Gage and returns to David. Before she leaves, he gives her his lucky coin, which is revealed to be double sided. She returns to the pier where David proposed, only to find him there waiting. They confess their love for one another and join hands.'] ['The film is set in or about the year 2030. The multinational Genom Corporation is developing a product called the "I.K.U. Chip", which is plugged into a portable device allowing consumers to download and experience orgasms from the I.K.U. server without need of physical contact. The corporation sends their cybernetic shapeshifter Reiko, known as an I.K.U. Coder or replicant, to collect orgasm-related information catering to various sexual orientations. To collect the data Reiko transforms into an appearance pleasing to an individual or couple, engages the target in sexual relations and transforms her right hand and forearm into a penis which is inserted into the recipient\'s vagina or anus during climax. Reiko is directed on her missions by Genom employee Dizzy, known as an I.K.U. Runner. She has sex with various people such as a salaryman and a stripper, a young couple, a drug dealer and a hustler named Akira and a former museum curator–cum-hobo. She meets and is helped along the way by a retired I.K.U. Coder named Mash. Reiko is lured to a night club and seduced by Tokyo Rose, an agent of the rival Bio Link Corporation, who shuts her down with a computer virus and steals her data. Mash recovers Reiko and teaches her how to reboot herself through masturbation. Reiko manages to obtain enough data to complete her mission by having sex with Akira the Hustler, a sushi shop patron and Mash. Dizzy then extracts the data with a retrieval device called a Dildo Gun. Afterward, Reiko is retired and shut down. The Genom Corporation begins selling I.K.U. Chips in vending machines everywhere. Reiko reboots herself.{{cite video}}'] ['Director Vilgot Sjöman plans to make a social film starring his lover Lena Nyman, a young theater student who has a strong interest in social issues. Lena\'s character, also named Lena, lives with her father in a small apartment in Stockholm and is driven by a burning passion for social justice and a need to understand the world, people and relationships. Her little room is filled with books, papers, and boxes full of clippings on topics such as "religion" and "men", and files on each of the 23 men with whom she has had sex. The walls are covered with pictures of concentration camps and a portrait of Francisco Franco, reminders of the crimes being perpetrated against humanity. She walks around Stockholm and interviews people about social classes in society, conscientious objection, gender equality, and the morality of vacationing in Franco\'s Spain. She and her friends also picket embassies and travel agencies. Lena\'s relationship with her father, who briefly went to Spain to fight Franco, is problematic, and she is distressed by the fact that he returned from Spain for unknown reasons after only a short period. Through her father Lena meets the slick Bill , who works at a menswear shop and voted for the Rightist Party. They begin a love affair, but Lena soon finds out from her father that Bill has another woman, Marie, and a young daughter. Lena is furious that Bill has not been open with her, and goes to the country on a bicycle holiday. Alone in a cabin in the woods, she attempts an ascetic lifestyle, meditating, studying non-violence and practicing yoga. Bill soon comes looking for her in his new car. She greets him with a shot gun, but they soon start to make love. Lena confronts Bill about Marie, and finds out about another of his lovers, Madeleine. They begin to fight and Bill leaves. Lena has strange dreams, in which she ties two teams of football players – she notes that they number 23 – to a tree, shoots Bill and cuts his penis off. She also dreams of being taunted by passing drivers as she cycles down a road, until finally Martin Luther King, Jr. drives up. She apologizes to him for not being strong enough to practice non-violence. Lena returns home, destroys her room, and goes to the car showroom where Bill works to tell him she has scabies. They are treated at a clinic, and then go their separate ways. As the embedded story of Lena and Bill begins to resolve, the film crew and director Sjöman are featured more. The relationship between Lena the actress and Bill the actor has become intimate during the production of Vilgot\'s film, and Vilgot is jealous and clashes with Bill. The film concludes with Lena returning Vilgot\'s keys as he meets with another young female theater student. In addition to the footage of King, the film also includes an interview with Minister of Transportation Olof Palme, who talks about the existence of class structure in Swedish society, and footage of Russian poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko.'] ["Women... Oh, Women! is a sex-documentary focusing on the women of Japan, with particular emphasis on participants in the country's night-life. The film is a series of scenes visiting a variety of women such as female wrestlers, strippers, and geisha. Nuns and sea divers are also shown, along with scenes of transvestism and drug addiction.Synopsis based on {{cite book}}"] 