['A series of murders of rich young women throughout Arizona bear distinctive signatures of a serial killer. Clues lead Detective Charles Mendoza to visit Paul White, a sound expert installing hi-fi systems in wealthy people\'s homes. His special talent is to make a noise which echoes through the air cavities in his head and shows him where the sound of the speakers should come from and echo in the room. He is married to Joan, whom, ten years earlier, he had seduced away from Mike DeSantos, her then current boyfriend. Joan is questioned by Mendoza, but does not believe his insinuations that her husband is somehow involved in the murders. Various flashbacks show Joan\'s previous relationship to Mike and later explain how it came to be that he abandoned her. The couple met Paul and befriended him. At Mike\'s suggestion, he and Mike go on a deer hunting trip together. Paul shoots a deer and brutally mutilates it, demonstrating his sick fascination with killing. This is partly intended to scare Mike off, which it does. Mike catches Joan and Paul after they\'ve made love, and Paul declares that he will take Mike\'s place. "I am the one," Paul says. Mike puts his gun at the back of Paul\'s head but decides not to kill and abandons Joan. By now Joan has run into Mike DeSantos working at a gas station in a neighboring town. Mike tells her he got out of prison after suffering a major head injury; he thinks life is looking up. He makes her promise not to tell Paul that she has seen him. Joan soon discovers Paul has committed adultery. By puncturing Paul\'s tires she provides him with an alibi for the most recent killing. He begs her forgiveness as the police turn their suspicions away from him. At home, Joan looks into a crawl space in the house, and discovers preserved body parts of Paul\'s victims wrapped in paper and plastic. Joan confronts Paul, and Paul tries to explain his motivations for killing. He believes he has been "chosen" and is expressing the nothingness of the universe, whose heart is female and destructive like a black hole. He is putting women "out of their misery," but he loves Joan. Joan\'s distrust of Mike over the next night and day agitates him into a fury. First, he tries to imprison her and then kill her and his daughter. He heavily arms himself and paints his face to look like a samurai warrior or an Indian brave. Joan and the little girl escape in different directions and soon Joan has to elude Paul in the abandoned quarry. It turns out Mike has been staying there, armed with a machine gun, certain that he will meet Paul again. He rescues Joan and takes away Paul\'s gun, leading him to the edge of the quarry. Paul makes the sound he uses in the emptiness of living rooms and savors its echo from the quarry. While incessantly pontificating about his philosophies of life and death, Paul reveals a lighter with which he has lit the fuse of his explosive vest. Mike opens fire on him with a machine gun and Joan dives into the lake in the quarry. Paul and Mike both die instantly, in a hail of destruction. Joan is reunited later with her daughter. She talks with Detective Mendoza about what the ten years with Paul could have meant, whose destructive and nihilistic nature she never understood. Based on the 1983 novel Mrs White by Margaret Tracy .'] ["Vera  is a femme fatale for the 21st century: a beautiful, capricious young woman living in New York who begins exploring the limits of her sexual and intellectual power. She picks up men on the street and has sex with them in her apartment. She also videotapes a sexual romp with a female lover, and has sexually frank discussions with her potential employer. As the daughter of wealthy, indulgent parents, Vera seems to be improvising her way through the beginning of her life as an adult. Her boyfriend, Ford, is a fast-talking hustler prepared to do anything to make a buck. Aware of Vera's promiscuity, Ford sees a chance to make big money when he meets an aging Italian media mogul, named Count Tommaso, who is enamored of Vera because of her sexuality, her intelligence, and what he perceives as her naiveté. Ford cooks up an idea to pimp Vera out to the Count for $100,000, easy money, if he can only talk Vera into it. Incredibly, she agrees. Everything appears to be going even better than planned. But both men have gravely underestimated Vera, who has an agenda of her own. Ford and the Count unwittingly play right into her hands, and when her plan of deception and manipulation comes to fruition, the results are staggering."] ["It's summer, and 18-year-old Sean Roberts  has just graduated from high school. His high school teacher, 28-year-old Diane Marshall , is a neighbor and friend to his doting, if rather naive mother. Married to an often-absent drifter and therefore bored and frustrated, Diane sets out to seduce the shy youth, and a romantic relationship develops. However, in the shadows lurks an obsessive and vengeful stalker who has set his sights on the unsuspecting lovers."] ['Alan and Wendy Barnet are stuck in a marital rut and decide to answer an ad they find in a swinging magazine. The couple meets with Jack and Louise Bauer at the Zebra Lounge. The Bauers are a pair of experienced swingers who help the Barnets fulfill their sexual fantasies. However, Alan and Wendy soon realize that the Bauers are not who they seem to be.'] ["Captured by a trio of thieves, Gwendoline is sold to a local casino owner, but, rescued by Willard, a mercenary adventurer, she is reunited with her maid, Beth, after the latter's abduction by the same thieves who had earlier kidnapped Gwendoline. Hired to transport an illegal cargo, Willard reluctantly agrees to take both women with him after Beth, withholding information vital to his livelihood, promises to divulge it only if he becomes their guide. Gwendoline, who has come to China to capture the butterfly that eluded her father, who'd staked his professional reputation as a scientist on obtaining the insect, offers Willard $2000 to take her and Beth with him to the land of the Yik-Yak tribe, in which the butterfly may be found. After escaping from a tribe of cannibals, the trio find the butterfly, but, as she is about to capture it, Beth is captured by the Yik-Yak, and Gwendoline and Willard must enter the all-women tribe's underground lair to rescue the maid. To ensure the survival of her tribe, the Yik-Yak's queen allows a victor among them to mate with any man who visits or is captured by the tribe. Aided by Beth and the queen's henchman, who is a scientist, Gwendoline, disguised as a Yik-Yak combatant, wins this right. As she has sex with Willard, the scientist activates the volcano inside which the Yik-Yak live, and he, the queen, and others of the tribe are killed as Gwendoline, Beth, and Willard escape. In the process, Willard is able to capture the elusive butterfly."] ['Caron is a wealthy, reclusive widow who enjoys controlling every aspect of her servants\' lives. When she falls for a dashing gentleman suitor and makes friends with a young dancer, things begin to turn out for the better. However, when she begins to suspect that her gentleman caller is cheating on her, she snaps and slips into an "alternate reality of violence, sex and paranoia".'] ['Dan Gallagher  is a successful, happily married New York attorney living in Manhattan when he meets Alexandra "Alex" Forrest , an editor for a publishing company, through business. While his wife, Beth , and daughter, Ellen , are out of town for the weekend, he has a passionate affair with Alex. Though he thought it was understood to be a simple fling, she begins clinging to him. Dan explains that he must go home and Alex cuts her wrists in a suicide attempt. He helps her to bandage them and later leaves. He thinks the affair is forgotten, but she shows up at various places to see him. She waits at his office one day to apologize and invite him to the opera, but he turns her down. She then continues to telephone until he tells his secretary that he will no longer take her calls. She then phones his home at all hours, and then confronts him saying that she is pregnant and plans to keep the baby. Although he wants nothing to do with her, she argues that he must take responsibility. She shows up at his apartment  and meets Beth, feigning interest as a buyer. Later that night, he goes to her apartment to confront her about her actions which results in a violent scuffle. In response, she replies that she will not be ignored. Dan moves his family to Bedford, but this doesn\'t deter Alex. She has a tape recording delivered to him filled with verbal abuse. She stalks him in a parking garage, pours acid on his vehicle, and follows him home one night to spy on him, Beth, and Ellen from the bushes in their yard; the sight of their family life literally makes her sick to her stomach. Her obsession escalates further. Dan approaches the police to apply for a restraining order against her , to which the lieutenant claims that he cannot violate her rights without probable cause and that the adulterer has to own up to his adultery.  At one point, while the Gallaghers are not home, Alex kills Ellen\'s pet rabbit, and puts it on their stove to boil. After this, Dan tells Beth of the affair and Alex\'s pregnancy. Enraged, she asks him to leave. Before he goes, Dan calls Alex to tell her that Beth knows about the affair. Beth gets on the phone and warns Alex that if she persists, she will kill her. Without Dan and Beth\'s knowledge, Alex picks up Ellen at school and takes her to an amusement park, buying her ice cream as well as taking her on a roller coaster. Beth panics when she realizes that she doesn\'t know where Ellen is. She drives around searching and rear-ends a car stopped at an intersection and is slightly injured and hospitalized. Alex later drops Ellen off at the Gallaghers\' house, asking Ellen for a kiss on the cheek. Dan barges into Alex\'s apartment and attacks her, choking her and not too short of strangling her. He stops himself, but as he does she lunges at him with a kitchen knife. He overpowers her, but puts the knife down and leaves, with Alex leaning against the kitchen counter, smiling. He approaches the police about having her arrested, and they start searching for Alex to bring her in for taking Ellen. Following her release from the hospital, Beth forgives Dan and they return home. Beth prepares a bath for herself and Alex suddenly appears, again with the kitchen knife. She starts to explain her resentment of her, nervously fidgeting  and then attacks her. Dan hears the screaming and runs in, wrestles Alex into the bathtub and seemingly drowns her. She suddenly emerges from the water, swinging the knife. Beth, who went searching for Dan\'s gun, shoots her in the chest, killing her. The final scene shows police cars outside the Gallaghers\' house. As Dan finishes talking with the cops, he walks inside, where Beth is waiting for him. They embrace and proceed upstairs as the camera focuses on a picture of Dan, Beth, and Ellen.'] ["An erotic mystery about widower seeks revenge to the man whose wife had an affair before her apparent suicide, however things soon turns complicated when the widower having a relationship with the man's wife and the whole truth would reveals."] ['Prologue: With background music "Lascia ch\'io pianga" from Handel\'s Rinaldo . A couple\'s young son, Nic, falls from a window to his death on the snowy ground below while his parents  passionately make love. Chapter One: Grief: During Nick\'s funeral, the wife collapses. The other mourners gather around her, their faces blurred. Spending the next month in the hospital, in and out of consciousness and with little concept of time, she awakens crippled with grief. Her husband, a therapist, is skeptical of the psychiatric care she is receiving and takes it upon himself to treat her with psychotherapy. After a less-than-fruitful period at home, during which she tries to free herself from the pain of her child\'s death and dependence on psychiatric drugs, he decides to try exposure therapy. In an isolated cabin in the woods  where she spent time with Nick the previous summer while writing a thesis on Gynocide, he learns that her greatest fear centers on the structure and the surrounding vegetation. During the journey to Eden, while she sleeps, he encounters a deer which shows no fear of him. As the deer turns to leave he sees a dead fawn hanging halfway out of the womb. Chapter Two: Pain : The couple continue towards the cabin. Upon encountering a foot-bridge, she is overcome with fear. She hesitates and then sprints across the bridge and into the woods, leaving him to follow after her. During sessions of psychotherapy she becomes increasingly grief-stricken and manic. The environment surrounding the cabin also becomes increasingly sinister- acorns pelt the cabin like rapid gunfire, he awakens to find his hand covered in swollen ticks, and at the conclusion of this chapter he comes across a self-disemboweling fox which utters the words "chaos reigns." Chapter Three: Despair : He finds his wife\'s thesis studies- pictures of witch-hunts and a scrap-book filled with articles and notes on misogynist topics. Her writing becomes more frantic and illegible as the pages go on. It is revealed that, while writing her thesis, she came to believe that all women are inherently evil. He is repulsed by this and reproaches her for buying into the gynocidal beliefs she had originally set out to criticize. She asks him to hit her during sex. At first he resists, but when she flees into the woods and begins masturbating underneath a large tree he chases after her and half-heartedly complies. While they make love numerous hands are seen emerging from the roots of the tree.  He goes on to study Nick\'s autopsy report which states the bones in both of the child\'s feet were oddly deformed. The doctors at the time did not assign any importance to this fact as it was unrelated to the child\'s death. Finding numerous photographs of Nick in which his boots are on the wrong feet, he becomes increasingly agitated. This bizarre revelation has sinister undertones regarding his wife, who had been alone with the boy at the time the pictures were taken. At this moment she attacks him and accuses him of planning to leave her. She disrobes, mounts him, and then unexpectedly crushes his testicles with a block of wood. While he is unconscious from the pain, she goes on to masturbate him until he orgasms, ejaculating blood. Then, to prevent him from leaving, she drills a hole through his leg and bolts a heavy grind-stone through the wound. She tosses the wrench she used under the cabin where he cannot find it. He wakes up, finds himself alone, and drags himself outside. He hears her screaming for him, so he drags himself into a fox-hole to hide. As she searches for him he finds a crow buried alive in the fox-hole. The crow starts cawing loudly and repetitively, which lets her find his hiding spot. He beats the crow over and over, but it will not die. She finds him and tries to pull him out. She is unsuccessful and goes on to retrieve a shovel to inflict more pain while he lies in the fox hole, now partially buried alive. Chapter Four: The Three Beggars: Several hours pass. Night falls, and she apologizes to him, weeping profusely. She tries to find the wrench to unbolt the grind-stone, but cannot locate it. With a joint effort they are able to drag him back inside the cabin. He asks her if she wanted to kill him and she answers "not yet", adding cryptically that "when the three beggars arrive someone must die." There is a flash-back to an alternate view of the prologue in which she sees what was about to happen to Nick and does not act. It is unclear whether this is meant to be reality or merely an imagined vision symptomatic of extreme guilt. She then takes a pair of scissors and severs her clitoris while masturbating, letting out a tortured scream. During the night the couple are visited by the crow, the deer, and the fox. Hail beats against the roof of the cabin. Earlier it had been revealed that women in Ratisbon had been accused of witchcraft and had been known to have the power to summon hailstorms. The crow is heard making the same cawing sound beneath the floorboards of the cabin. Breaking through the floor he frees the bird and discovers the wrench. At this moment she stabs him in the back with a pair of scissors, but he is still able to remove the grind-stone. She stops fighting him after noticing a change of look in his eyes. He strangles her to death and burns her body on a funeral pyre outside the cabin. Epilogue: With background music again from Lascia ch\'io pianga, he makes his way from the cabin, eating wild berries, as the three beggars look on. Upon reaching the top of a hill he looks down to see hundreds of women ascending towards him, their faces blurred.'] ["A woman's infidelity leads her into a web of larceny and danger in this noir-flavored independent thriller. Mia DuBois  is a psychologist who until recently worked with the police department, counseling the survivors of victims of violent crime. While Mia has entered into a successful private practice, she's persuaded by her former colleagues to take on new client, Tammy , who is still dealing with the recent murder of her husband. As Mia helps Tammy with her problems, Mia finds herself thinking about her own marriage to Victor , which has hardly been happy lately. As Mia begins wondering if she has other options, she visits a mysterious nightclub, Pandora's Box, where she meets the sexy and mysterious Hampton Hines . Mia soon begins having an affair with Hampton, unaware that Hampton is actually working with Victor and Tammy; Mia is soon to inherit $20 million, and Victor is determined to get his hands on the money. Hampton soon shifts his alliances to stay with Mia, but Victor and Tammy are not giving up their shares of the fortune quite so easily."] ['{{Plot}} High school teacher and writer Frannie Avery meets a student at a local bar, and when she heads to the bathroom sees a woman performing oral sex on a man. A few days later, Detective Giovanni Malloy questions her as he investigates the gruesome murder of a young woman, whose severed limb was found in her garden. They flirt despite the grisly nature of their introduction, and meet at the same bar later. Frannie is alternately thrilled and frightened by the detective\'s sexual aggressiveness, even as she grows more disillusioned with the attitudes and crude behavior of other men, including the detective\'s partner, Richard Rodriguez. Even as Malloy defends his partner, who can no longer carry a gun because he threatened his unfaithful wife, he promises he will do anything she wants except hit her. She leaves abruptly and is assaulted walking home, but calls Malloy and their affair begins that night. Frannie recognizes the detective\'s tattoo, from the man in the basement of the bar, and asks her sister Pauline if she would trust a man who got a blow job in a bar. Pauline says yes, but Frannie is still suspicious. After Malloy tells her that she and the first victim were in the same bar the night of the murder, and she might have seen the murderer, she begins to suspect that Malloy may actually be the killer, especially after a second victim is found. But later she goes with him to a woodsy spot by the water, where he scares her by shooting at garbage bags floating on the surface, then tells her she should learn how to shoot. She surprises herself by taking aim and shooting well, before they head back to the city. She finds her old boyfriend in her bed when she gets home, and goes back to her sister\'s apartment, where she finds the door open and Pauline\'s dismembered body. She is now more frightened of Malloy than ever, but goes home and gets drunk, and almost stumbles into bed with her student before throwing him out. Malloy\'s partner is outside watching as the young man runs out, and Frannie shouts out the window that Malloy should stay away from her. But he comes over and helps her clean herself up, and she can\'t decide if she should trust him. So she cuffs him to a pipe and makes love to him, and as soon as she is done he starts rattling the cuffs, demanding to be set free. She is fishing in his jacket for the keys when she finds the missing charms from her bracelet, which he claims he found and was planning to return to her. She suddenly becomes very suspicious of him, and he gets scared and yells at her. She finally tells Malloy she saw his tattoo in the basement of the bar when he was getting a blow job, and she runs out, stumbling right into his partner\'s arms. Frannie tells Rodriguez what she saw, and he says they need to sit down and talk, so she gets in his car. Malloy\'s screams from the window are ignored. Rodriguez drives her out to the GW bridge, telling her this is the place he goes to fish, and she says, "I teach that book, To the Lighthouse." But as soon as he locks the gate behind them she knows she is in trouble, and he shows her the tattoo on his arm, the twin of Malloy\'s. She realizes Malloy is innocent, then she slips on his jacket before Rodriguez takes her in his arms. She shoots him once with Malloy\'s gun but he tries to strangle her before she can shoot him again; they fall, and he dies. She walks, bloodied, back to her apartment and lies down in the arms of the exhausted Malloy, still cuffed to the pipe where she left him.'] ["Kitty  is a vicious young woman who has no qualms about stabbing girlfriend-bullying men in the genitals. Tinam  is a cop who is undergoing a rather traumatic period: he shot his own brother by accident and as a result vomits every time he handles his gun. When Kitty severely injures a man by stabbing him in the groin, Tinam attempts to arrest her but can't manage it. Kitty later turns up at the police station and twists and turns the facts to the point that Tinam has no choice but to start a relationship with her. This reveals Kitty as a subtle manipulator. Tinam, who has become impotent, finds that with Kitty he no longer feels this way, though, for now, she is content with just leading him along. Kitty's father is married to a new wife but it is a tense marriage and one evening he catches her with another man called Bee . In the fight that follows, Kitty's father falls down some stairs and is killed. Furiously determined on revenge, Kitty breaks into Bee's office and proceeds to kill him, his bodyguards and most of his staff . In the course of her escape she takes a woman hostage but then, unexpectedly, the woman helps her out, disposing of many of the pursuers herself. The woman turns out to be Sister Cindy  who is in fact a professional assassin. She was probably out to kill Bee herself. Seeing that Kitty has potential, she proceeds to train her and give her a new identity. The training includes the killing of enraged, chained-up paedophiles in Sister Cindy's cellar. Before long the pupil is outsmarting the teacher. For her first mission, Kitty accompanies Sister Cindy and murders a member of the Japanese yakuza. This leads to a contract being placed on them and the assignment is entrusted to Princess , one of Sister Cindy's former protégés and a lesbian with an equally deadly young lover called Baby . While investigating the murder himself, Tinam goes to check up on an air hostess whom the victim met. The witness is Vivian Shang, who Tinam recognises as Kitty. She denies this but renews their relationship. Sister Cindy proceeds to murder other people who could connect Kitty to Vivian Shang, including Tinam's superior and a witness to the crotch-stabbing incident. Kitty does however stop her from killing Tinam himself. Kitty and Tinam consummate their relationship, but their different professions means that it will be difficult for things to go any further. Sister Cindy for her part decides that Kitty has lost the killer touch, but on the other hand has found happiness with Tinam and tells her to leave and make the most of it. Princess, who is supposed to kill Kitty, builds up an obsession of her own for the girl, which leads to some conflict with Baby. They do however set about killing Sister Cindy who, with death approaching, puts up a good fight. But she is ultimately defeated due to a ploy used by Princess earlier that day: she kissed Sister Cindy but her lipstick contained poison which, combined with some wine she has drunk, kills her. Kitty goes into hiding but later confronts Princess, apparently willing to become her partner both in business and in bed. Princess subsequently falls into the same trap she set Sister Cindy: when they kiss, Kitty passes on some poisoned lipstick of her own. Tinam then bursts in, shooting away at Princess' henchmen, apparently having overcome his vomiting problems. In the battle, Tinam kills Baby and a furious Princess pursues him and Kitty back to Sister Cindy's home. The poison in her system catches up with her however and she dies with Kitty taunting her by claiming that she on the other hand will get to hospital in time to survive. By this time, the poison inside Kitty has taken effect. Unwilling to lose her again, Tinam fires his gun into the gas oven causing them and the house to go up in flames."] ['New York City Police detective Frank Keller is a burnt-out alcoholic. His wife ran away from him and remarried one of his colleagues. His anger and aggression are mainly to hide the fact that he is depressed about reaching middle age, with 20 years of police work under his belt. To forget his woes, he investigates the murder of a man in Manhattan, shot dead while face down in his bed, naked, listening to an old 45rpm recording of "Sea of Love". Keller has three clues - a lipstick-smeared cigarette, a want ad which the dead man placed in a newspaper, and good fingerprints of the perpetrator. A second man dies in the same manner in Queens. Detective Sherman Touhey from the local precinct suggests that he and Frank collaborate. Both victims had placed rhyming ads in the lonely hearts column of the newspaper, seeking dates. They track down Raymond Brown, the only other man with a rhyming ad. He\'s a married man and admits placing the ad, but swears on his children\'s eyes that he threw away all the letters and never saw anyone. Frank gets an idea to place their own rhyming ad in the paper, take any women who respond to a restaurant and take the prints from their drinking glasses. Frank\'s boss thinks Frank is looking for an excuse to end his loneliness, and does not approve the idea. He changes his mind when Raymond Brown also turns up dead in the same manner as the other two murder victims. Frank has dinner with several women, while Sherman &mdash; posing as a waiter &mdash; puts their glasses into evidence bags. One woman, Helen Cruger, snubs Keller and leaves before she takes a drink. Keller bumps into her again at a market, but this time she is more friendly. Frank takes her to his place, against his better judgement and advice from Sherman not to do so. They start getting passionate when Frank panics finding a gun in her purse, but it turns out to be just a starting pistol. Frank and Helen begin a relationship. Frank has a chance to obtain Helen\'s fingerprints on a glass, but decides to wipe the glass clean. Their relationship becomes strained when she discovers that he is a cop. He nearly gives away the fact that she was involved in a sting, but plays it off as an attempt to hide his very-real feelings for her. He later discovers that she responded to each of the victims\' ads and confronts her, but she does not admit to anything and he throws her out. Helen\'s ex-husband Terry breaks into her apartment and, threatening him with a gun, makes Frank lie on his bed and show how he made love to Helen, just as Terry had done with his ex-wife\'s other three boyfriends before he killed them. Frank overpowers Terry and tries to call the police, but the killer lunges at him and, in the ensuing struggle, Terry is accidentally thrown through the window and plunges to his death. Frank and Helen reunite. She forgives him, and they resume their relationship.'] ['In 1945 Las Vegas, World War II veteran Frank Harris returns to his mother. Riding on a motorcycle that he won in Italy during his service, Frank and his mother are struck by a drunk couple. Frank survives, but his mother dies. As an ambulance truck takes her away, Frank is transported to "Cool World", an animated city of surreal landscapes and random cartoon violence. He was inadvertently teleported by Dr. Vincent Whiskers, a doctor who created a "spike" that was supposed to take him to the real world, but brought Frank to Cool World instead. Whiskers finds Frank useful enough to run things in the Cool World while he is gone to the real world. 47 years later, in 1992, Jack Deebs, a cartoonist, is detained after murdering a man he found in bed with his wife. He creates the highly-acclaimed comic book series "Cool World", which features the femme fatale nymphomaniac Holli Would. On the night before his release, Holli summons Jack into the Cool World, and sees Holli dance in the local dance club. After he sees her dance, Jack is teleported back to the real world. It turns out that Holli wants to enter the real world, but is forbidden to do so by Frank, who is now a police officer in the Cool World. After he is released, Jack is transported to the Cool World once again and meets Holli and her goons, who have been encouraging his misled beliefs that he himself created the Cool World. In reality, Holli has simply been bringing him there, and Jack created his comic book series on what he\'s seen there, which he initially believed were his own dreams. Meanwhile, Frank is about to go on a date with his longtime girlfriend Lonette, when his partner Nails, a spider, tells him about Jack\'s presence. Frank confronts Jack at the local Slash Club, confiscating his fountain pen, informing him that it\'s a dangerous weapon in the Cool World. Frank then tells Jack the truth: the Cool World has existed long before he created the comic series and forewarns him that "noids", humans from the real world, are not allowed to have sex with "doodles", the cartoon inhabitants of the Cool World. He further advises Jack not to get involved with Holli before Jack returns to the real world Holli brings Jack back into the Cool World, where he is taken to Holli\'s apartment. Holli and Jack have sex, transforming Holli into a human. While Frank attempts to mend his relationship with Lonette, he temporarily leaves detective duties to Nails. Nails receives a call from an informant named Sparks, who tells him that Jack and Holli have had sex and are leaving for the real world. Nails decides that he can do this on his own and goes off to stop Holli. Nails attempts to stop her from leaving the Cool World, but Holli uses Jack\'s fountain pen to suck Nails in. Jack and Holli return to the real world, where Holli sings "Let\'s Make Love" at a nightclub with Frank Sinatra, Jr.. Frank discovers that Nails is gone and decides to venture into the real world to pursue Jack and Holli. Meanwhile, Jack and Holli have started to flicker between human and doodle states. While contemplating their situation, Holli tells Jack about the "Spike of Power", an artifact placed on the top of a Las Vegas casino by a doodle who crossed into the real world. When Jack displays skepticism about Holli and the idea, Holli abandons him to search for the spike on her own. Frank meets up with Jack later on, explaining that the flickering both Jack and Holli have been experiencing is the disappearance of both worlds. They decide to team up and stop Holli from removing the spike. They get Jennifer, the daughter of Jack\'s neighbor to drive them to the casino, and on the way, Frank explains that it was Doc Whiskers who crossed worlds and put the spike on the top of the hotel and if it were removed, it could potentially destroy both the real world and the Cool World. Holli is escorted out of the casino for not spending any money, all the while asking about Vegas Vinnie, which is the alias of Doc Whiskers. When she spots the Doc, she tells him that she couldn\'t find him, but when she starts to flicker between human and doodle state again, she begins to become suspicious and starts to see through Doc\'s disguise and shakes him out of it, revealing his identity. Doc tries to convince Holli not to get the Spike of Power, but Holli becomes enraged and threatens Doc Whiskers with the fountain pen. When Frank, Jack, and Jennifer get to the destination, Frank pursues Holli on the casino, while Jack and Jennifer put Doc Whiskers back together after being popped by Holli\'s pen. Frank chases after Holli throughout the hotel, while she\'s still flickering from human to doodle state. While in doodle form, Holli pushes Frank off the building to his death. Holli finds and takes the Spike of Power, transforming her, Jack, and everyone in Vegas into doodles and opening a gateway between the two worlds, releasing numerous monstrous doodles. Transformed into a superhero doodle, Jack gets ahold of the spike. Holli tries to seduce it away from Jack, but instead he returns the Spike of Power to its place, trapping him, Holli and the rest of the doodles in Cool World. Meanwhile, Nails escapes from Holli\'s pen and both he and Doc Whiskers return Frank\'s body to Cool World. Lonette discovers that Holli was a doodle when she killed Frank and explains when a noid is killed by a doodle, he is reborn in Cool World as a doodle. He is transformed into a doodle, allowing him to pursue his relationship with Lonette. Meanwhile, Jack and Holli are last seen together as Jack proposes to Holli, much to her dismay.'] ["An office worker named Richard decides to invite his co-worker Janet to go on a camping trip with him to a secluded forest, and she accepts his offer. As soon as they arrive at the forest, Richard begins to show off his woodman's prowess by catching a fish and killing a rabbit. Janet isn't particularly impressed, but still she lets him rip her clothes off and throw her into the lake, where they frolic for a while before coming ashore to make love, during which Richard inexplicably smears blood all over her. As they continue their journey, they talk about their lives, the beauty and cruelty of nature, and make allusions to classical literature. Janet and Richard arrive at the cabin, that Richard knew about, they enjoy a picnic, while Janet had some insights about her life and begins to weep. Almost an hour of talking, two strange and suspicious men, Jarvis and the Troubadour, show up at the cabin to sing hippy folk songs to the travelers. The two men begin to torture Janet and Richard, they rape Janet and put her in an ice box and imprison Richard in a chicken coop to watch them finish the job. What is strange by the ending is that Richard wakes in the morning, still caged in the chicken coop, to see Janet saying goodbye to the men as they leave.{{cite web}}"] ["Julian Kaye  is a male escort in Los Angeles whose job supports his expensive taste in cars, stereophonic equipment, cocaine and clothes. He is, at times, blatantly narcissistic and superficial; however, he claims to take some pleasure in his work from being able to sexually satisfy women. When on an assignment for his primary procuress, Anne , he meets Michelle Stratton , the unhappy wife of a local politician, who becomes interested in him. Julian's other pimp, Leon , sends him to the house of a financier, Mr. Rheiman, who asks Julian to physically abuse and have sex with his wife while he watches them. As Julian begins to get to know Michelle, he learns that the financier's wife, Mrs. Rheiman, was murdered. Los Angeles Police Department Detective Sunday  investigates Julian as a primary suspect. Though he was with a client, Lisa Williams , on the night of the murder, the client refuses to give Julian an alibi in order to protect her and her husband's reputations. As Julian's relationship with Michelle deepens, suspicion of the murder mounts against him. He soon realizes that he is being framed and grows increasingly desperate. His mounting anguish is visually represented by a degeneration in style as his clothes become rumpled, he goes unshaven, and he even rents a cheap commuter car after his Mercedes SL has been tampered with. Julian finally confronts Leon, who confesses that one of the other, younger gigolos who works for him had killed the wealthy man's wife, and Leon had conceived the plan to frame Julian. After an argument, Julian accidentally pushes Leon over the apartment balcony and he falls to his death. With no one to help him, Julian ends up in jail, awaiting trial for the murder. However, when all seems lost, Michelle risks her reputation and that of her husband to provide Julian with the alibi that can save him from prison."] ['Alan Riply , a young cabana boy working at an opulent beach hotel, falls in love with Ella Brice , the wife of business mogul Mark Brice . Ella returns his love, but when Mark finds out he has Alan shot and buried alive. Though badly scarred, Alan survives and works his way to the position of an eminent criminal attorney with underworld connections, under the name of Manuel Esquema. When Brice runs into legal trouble, Esquema is ready to help him for a price, but the man behind the mask, Alan, still yearns for Ella.'] ['The film is narrated by Agathe De La Boulaye as "The Artist". She is obsessed with a nightclub singer  whom she calls "The Girl". One night the girl takes the artist to the hotel where she lives and they make love. The girl, who does not usually sleep with women, tells the artist that it is "just one night" but they begin seeing each other. The girl continues to see men and the artist has a long term lover, Bu Savè , who accepts the artist\'s obsession. The artist draws and paints the girl, but gradually grows frustrated with her work. She notices a man  watching her and the girl. The man behaves aggressively and possessively towards the girl. He starts following the artist and sends threatening letters to the girl telling her to get rid of the artist. The girl refuses. The man follows the artist and tries to attack her. The artist asks advice from Bu Savè, who gives her a gun. When the artist cannot find the girl, she discovers that she has gone away with the man, who turns out to be the owner of the nightclub where the girl sings. When the man and the girl return, the artist gives the girl the gun. The artist gets beaten up by the man and his friend. Later when she goes to meet the girl at the hotel, she finds the man there, naked and asleep. She leaves. The next day she returns and tells the girl that she is leaving her. The artist puts all her energy into her painting. One day she goes back to the hotel. As she climbs the stairs, she hears gunshots. She finds the man dead and the girl with a gunshot wound to her side.'] ['High school student Alice  convinces her lover, Luc , to murder their classmate Saïd , whom she claims raped her. When they dispose of his body in the woods late one night, the couple get lost on their way back to their car and are taken in by a mysterious hermit . However, matters take a bizarre twist when the stranger locks the young lovers in his basement along with the dead body of Saïd and reveals that he plans to eat them. The stranger harnesses Luc and convinces for sex. He finally gives Luc an option to survive with his girlfriend , Luc finally shares bed with stranger and gets away from the forest without killing his rapist. When the couple comes out of forest they find the police near their car and the police comes to know about their murder and the strange hermit also gets arrested. Luc gets arrested as he gets caught into a bear trap, and Alice tries to run away and finally she gets shot by police. In the final sequence the apprehended Luc attempts to stop the police who are beating the forester up but all in vain. He is carried to the city in the police car. That is how the movie ends.'] ["Sarah Morton , a middle-aged English mystery author, who has written a successful series of novels featuring a single detective, is having writer's block that is impeding her next book. Sarah's publisher, John Bosload , offers her his country house near Lacoste, France for some rest and relaxation. After becoming comfortable with the run of the house, Sarah's quietude is disrupted by a young woman claiming to be the publisher's daughter, Julie . She shows up one night claiming to be taking time off from work herself. She also claims that her mother used to be Bosload's mistress, but that he would not leave his family. Julie's sex life consists of one-night stands with various oafish men, and a competition of personalities develops between the two women. At first Sarah regards Julie as a distraction from her writing. She uses earplugs to allow her to sleep during Julie's noisy nighttime adventures, although she nonetheless has a voyeuristic fascination with them. Later she abandons the earplugs during one of Julie's trysts, beginning to envy Julie's lifestyle. The competition comes to the fore when a local waiter, Franck , is involved. Julie wants him but he appears to prefer the more mature Sarah, having struck up a relationship with her during her frequent lunches at the bistro. An unexpected tragedy occurs after a night of flirting among the three. After swimming together in the pool, Franck refuses to allow Julie to continue performing oral sex on him, once Sarah, who watches them from the balcony, throws a rock into the water. Franck feels frightened and tells Julie he is leaving. The next day, Franck is missing. While investigating Franck's disappearance, Sarah learns that Julie's mother has been dead for some time, though Julie had claimed that she was still alive. She returns to the villa, where a confused Julie thinks that Sarah is her mother and has a breakdown. She eventually recovers and confesses that Franck is dead because Julie repeatedly hit him over the head with a rock as he tried to leave her at the pool. His body is in one of the sheds. When Marcel  becomes suspicious of the mound of fresh soil where the body is buried, Sarah seduces the elderly gardener to distract him. Julie leaves, thanking Sarah for her help and leaving her the manuscript of an unpublished novel written by her late mother, which she had previously claimed that John made her burn. Sarah returns to England and visits her publisher's office with her new novel. His daughter also shows up just as Sarah is leaving, but is revealed to be a completely different girl than the one Sarah spent the weekend with."] ['Finding himself in considerable debt, Chris Smith, a Texan drug dealer, decides the only solution is to murder his mother to collect the insurance money. Conspiring with his father, Ansel, the ex-husband of Chris\' mother, they decide to hire "Killer Joe" Cooper, a police detective who has a parallel career as a contract killer. They plan to give the money to Chris\' sister Dottie, who Chris thinks is the beneficiary of the mother\'s life insurance policy. Chris is unable to front Killer Joe\'s fee. However, Chris agrees that Joe can take Dottie as a retainer until the insurance comes through. Acting upon the retainer, Killer Joe carries out the contract on Chris\' mother. After the killing, it is discovered that Rex, her boyfriend, provided false information about the life insurance policy and that he is the actual beneficiary. Also, Chris\' step-mother, Sharla, who is also involved with Rex, pushed Chris into hiring Killer Joe. When he discovers this, Killer Joe confronts Rex, kills him, and recovers the insurance check. Chris, knowing that he will be Killer Joe\'s next target, quickly makes plans to escape to Peru with Dottie. In the final scene, Killer Joe arrives at the Chris\' trailer and violently confronts Sharla, forcing her to admit that she and Rex conspired against Chris and left him at the mercy of Killer Joe. Since the family is unable to pay his fee, Killer Joe intends to take Dottie as agreed. When Chris arrives and threatens Killer Joe with a gun, the two struggle. In the subsequent confusion, Dottie recovers the gun and shoots Chris, killing him and mortally wounding their father. Dottie turns the gun on Killer Joe, telling him that she is pregnant. Killer Joe feigns enthusiasm as he inches closer to Dottie. The film ends as Dottie moves her finger back on the trigger.'] ['Psychologist Dr. Sarah Taylor  is a guarded, aloof criminal psychologist who interviews a client who is a rapist, and is pleading NGRI. It is later revealed that she was the subject of daily rapes as a child by her estranged father who is shown to be very ill. Sarah meets Tony Ramirez  in a shopping mall, and she gives him her number, thus a relationship begins despite the advances of one of her neighbors. Days into the relationship Sarah begins to get death threats and strange gifts, such as dead flowers. As she gets more romantic with Tony, the gifts get more extreme. Her lifelong cat is killed, at which point Sarah goes to the police. Sarah then hires a detective and has Tony followed, only to find out something she least expected from her passionate lover.'] [' Directed by Adam Wingard   The film is an anthology of several stories, all of which feature "found footage" revolving around a collection of VHS tapes. Each individual tape is framed by "Tape 56", which follows a group of criminals that are sent by an unknown person to retrieve a videotape from a seemingly empty house. Inside, they discover the corpse of a man in front of a television , and decide to split up and check out the basement. As the team searches for the tape, one member stays behind and decides to view a tape that was already in the television\'s VCR. Between the shorts we are shown brief glimpses of the main arc. In the basement they find a large pile of tapes. While collecting them all, unsure which is the one they\'re tasked to find, the man with the camera sees a figure walk by and disappear, thinking there is another person in the basement with them. He\'s told by the leader of the team to ignore it, and they just collect the tapes and return back upstairs. Upon returning to the room containing the dead man, they find that the original viewer has disappeared. The leader orders the camera man to watch the tapes they found in the basement, to figure out which is the right one, as he attempt to find the other guys. The leader returns later, only to discover that the second viewer has disappeared along with the dead man. He goes downstairs and discovers the decapitated remains of one of his men and is soon chased by the undead old man. The leader manages to make it upstairs where he falls down and is presumably killed by the old man, upon which point the VCR begins to play the final tape.  Directed by David Bruckner  Shane, Patrick, and Clint, are three friends who have rented a hotel room with the intent to bring women back for sex. Clint wears a pair of glasses with a hidden web cam to record the encounters. While the three men are bar-hopping, Clint encounters a mysterious woman, Lily, who is staring at him. He tries to talk to her, but she is odd and only whispers out "I like you...". Shane and Lisa, Clint and Lily, and Patrick alone, all return to the hotel room. On the way, Shane convinces Lily to do a bump of cocaine, while Lisa declines. Lily seems nervous, but stays with them back to the room. Once there, Shane becomes angry when Lisa passes out before he can have sex with her, as Patrick laughs constantly as he sits on the couch watching everyone. Lily seems attracted to Clint, who repeatedly goes to and from the bathroom, as he is fairly wasted from the drugs and alcohol he had earlier. As Clint seems to be getting on with Lily, Patrick is laughing, and Lily gets very upset and seems to hiss or snarl at him. Shane, frustrated, starts to make moves towards Lily, and Clint gets upset but doesn\'t step in. Shane gets Clint to come closer with the camera glasses, as he takes off Lily\'s dress, and despite Clint\'s warning, though too intoxicated to comprehend it, they don\'t notice that her feet are deformed and spiky. As Shane moves on top of Lily, she reaches to Clint and is seemingly attempting to initiate a threesome with him and Shane. Clint is getting overwhelmed, and Lily has rolled Shane over and is on top of him, naked, as Patrick tries to join in, since Clint is hesitant. Lily says no to Patrick and makes a strange huff at him again. Clint returns to the bathroom, and looks back in the room to see that Patrick is naked and trying to move into a threesome with Lily and Shane. Clint goes back into the bathroom again, where Patrick joins him, because Lily has severely bitten Patrick\'s hand. Shane is laughing at him, saying "no means no", and Clint notices Lily\'s back is changing colors, but he goes back to the bathroom to start to look for a way to fix Patrick\'s hand. Patrick and Clint return to find Lily eating Shane, killing him. Patrick also dies when he tries to fend off Lily during when trying to escape. However, the high alcohol content in Patrick\'s blood causes her to become sick. Clint takes the opportunity to escape, but falls and breaks his wrist. Lily catches up with Clint, now in her true form as a fanged monster<ref nameBruckner|firstDavid Bruckner Talkes V/H/S and THE SIGNAL Sequel We May Never See|urlCollider.com|accessdateSecond HoneymoonTuesday the 17thThe Sick Thing That Happened to Emily When She Was Younger10/31/98 Directed and written by Radio Silence  Chad, Matt, Tyler and Paul  head out to a Halloween party at a stranger\'s house but soon find the house deserted. They get in through the back and think the house is actually a haunted attraction. The camera in Tyler\'s bear costume shows things like a woman appearing, then disappearing, in a mirror, and the others laughingly saying things like arms reaching out of the walls in another room. The friends hear loud chanting from the attic and interrupt a group of people seemingly assaulting a bound young woman. They think this is a joke at first but soon realize the truth when the leader assaults the woman violently, strange hands emerge from the walls, and cult members are pulled to the ceiling. The guys run downstairs but one convinces them all to return and rescue the girl, not realizing they are interrupting an exorcism. Just as they save her, more haunting and disturbing paranormal events prevent them from escaping via the front door. They exit through the basement and get into the car, but when they begin to question the woman, she is no longer there. However, she reappears beside the car window. The car starts to move by itself. The friends witness the woman leave into the night and they realize that their car is not only stuck on the train tracks, but the doors are sealed shut, as well. They attempt to break the windows as they see a train approaching. The final video ends as the friends are killed by the oncoming train.'] ["A young lesbian couple, Stella and Lenni, go on the run after the accidental death of Lenni's mother."] ['Irena Gallier meets her older brother Paul, a minister, in New Orleans. It is the first time they have met since their animal trainer-parents died, and Irena was sent to a series of foster homes. Paul\'s Creole housekeeper Female  helps Irena settle into her brother\'s home, but Paul himself disappears. That same night, a prostitute, Ruthie, walks into a fleabag motel to meet a john&nbsp;— and is instead mauled by a black leopard, but survives the attack. The police capture the leopard, aided by a team of zoologists: Oliver Yates , Alice Perrin and Joe Creigh. The next day, Irena finds herself in the zoo where these scientists work. Drawn to the newly-captured leopard, she befriends Oliver and takes a job in the gift shop nearby. Shortly afterward, the leopard kills Joe by tearing off his arm and it escapes. Soon, Paul turns up and tells Irena of their family\'s werecat heritage. He also tells her that their parents were actually brother and sister. Only sex with another werecat prevents the transformation; the werecats are ancestrally incestuous. If a werecat has sex with a human, it transforms into a leopard, and only by killing a human can the werecat regain human form. On the run from her brother, even though he is her only possible companion, Irena takes refuge in a sexually-frustrated romance with Oliver, afraid of what might happen if she consummates their passion. Eventually, Paul  breaks into Oliver\'s house, intent on killing him so he can have Irena to himself; Alice shoots the leopard. While performing a necropsy on the cat, Oliver finds a human body inside and the panther disintegrates; Paul has literally disappeared. Irena is now trapped. If she takes a human lover, she will have to kill to regain human form. Eventually, Irena makes love with Oliver, transforms into a leopard and flees, sparing Oliver\'s life. She escapes, but is later trapped on a bridge by police. Shortly after Oliver arrives at the scene, Irena sees him and jumps off the bridge and escapes. Oliver realizes where she is headed and confronts Irena at a secluded lake house, she having regained human form by killing the house\'s caretaker. Irena tells Oliver she did not kill him because she loves him, and begs him to let her "be with her own". Oliver realizes that he cannot live without her, so he ties Irena\'s arms and legs to the posts of the bed and proceeds to make love to her, knowing what she will become. We later see Oliver at the zoo working. By this time, he and Alice are romantically involved. He walks to a cage that contains a black leopard, casually hand-feeding it and stroking its fur. It is implied that this is Irena, now resigned to permanently living as a leopard in the zoo to avoid hurting Oliver or anyone else.'] [" When rock star Johnny Boz  is viciously stabbed to death with an ice pick during sex by a mysterious blonde woman, homicide detective Nick Curran  is sent to investigate. The only suspect is Catherine Tramell , a crime novelist who was the last person to be seen with Boz on the night he died. Nick and his partner, Gus Moran , visit her Pacific Heights mansion, but they find only Catherine's lesbian lover, Roxy , who sends them to Catherine's Stinson Beach house. When they ask Catherine about her relationship with Boz, she shows little emotion at hearing he is dead. Nick and Gus, along with their superiors, discover that Catherine has written a novel about a former rock star who was killed in the same way as Boz . During questioning by detectives, including Nick, at police headquarters, Catherine engages in provocative behavior, refuses to extinguish her cigarette, and re-crosses her legs — her short skirt revealing that she is not wearing underwear. Nick, who accidentally shot two tourists while high on cocaine, attends counseling sessions with police psychologist Dr. Beth Garner , with whom he has had an affair. After the interrogation, Nick goes to a bar with co-workers and is taunted by Lieutenant Marty Nilsen , an internal affairs investigator bent on making life difficult for Nick. When Beth arrives, Nick leaves with her, and has aggressive sex with her in his apartment. Nick learns that Catherine has a troubled history: Her parents were killed in a boating accident when she was an adolescent, leaving her a fortune; one of her college counselors, Noah Goldstein, was stabbed in his sleep with an ice pick when Catherine was attending UC Berkeley, and her former fiancé, boxer Manny Vasquez, was killed in the ring during a prize fight in Atlantic City. He also discovers that Catherine makes a habit of befriending murderers, including Hazel Dobkins, a woman who stabbed her husband and children for no apparent reason. During a visit to her house, Catherine taunts Nick with information that should be confidential. As a police psychologist, Beth is the only person with access to that information. When Nick confronts Beth, she admits that she handed his file to Nilsen, who threatened to discharge Nick if he could not evaluate him directly. An enraged Nick storms into Nilsen's office, assaults him, and accuses him of having sold Nick's file to Catherine. Nilsen then suspends Nick, who goes home and spends the evening drinking. Beth visits him, but after a heated argument, he throws her out. Later that night, Nilsen is found dead in his car, shot once in the head with a .38 caliber revolver. Because of their recent altercation, Nick is the prime suspect. A torrid affair between Nick and Catherine begins with the air of a cat-and-mouse game. Catherine explains that she will base her next novel's character — a cop falling for the wrong woman only to be killed by her — on Nick, while at the same time he declares his love for her and his unchanged intention to nail her for Boz's murder. A jealous Roxy tries to run Nick over with Catherine's car, but after a car chase she is killed in a crash. Her death reveals that she too has a murderous past — she killed her two brothers with a razor when she was a teenager . After Roxy's death, Catherine seems genuinely saddened, and Nick begins to doubt her guilt. Catherine later reveals that a previous lesbian encounter at college went awry when the girl, Lisa Hoberman, became obsessed with her. Nick identifies the girl as Beth Garner, who acknowledges the encounter but claims it was Catherine who became obsessed. It is also discovered that Beth's husband was killed in an unsolved drive-by shooting, shot with a .38 caliber revolver. Nick visits Catherine's house. Before Catherine comes into the room he sees on a printer the final pages of Catherine's new detective book. He quickly reads a few lines, in which the fictional detective finds his partner lying dead with his legs protruding from the doors of an elevator. Catherine comes in and explains that she has finished her book, and coldly ends the affair. Upset, Nick meets Gus, who has arranged to meet with Catherine's college roommate at a hotel to find out what really went on between Catherine and Beth. As Nick waits in the car, Gus enters the hotel elevator. As he exits the elevator a hooded figure jumps out and stabs him multiple times in the neck with an ice pick. Nick figures out there is trouble brewing and runs into the building, but he arrives too late to save Gus and finds him lying dead with his legs protruding from the doors of the elevator. Hearing the floor creak, Nick grabs Gus' gun and turns to find Beth standing in the hallway, explaining she received a message to meet Gus there. However, Nick suspects that she murdered Gus, and as Beth moves her hand in her pocket, he shoots her. With her final breath, Beth tells Nick that she loved him. A dejected Nick checks her pocket, only to find her keys. The police arrive, and in a staircase discover a blond wig, an SFPD raincoat, and an ice pick, the weapon used to murder Gus, concluding that Beth ditched the items when she heard Nick coming up. A search of Beth's apartment turns up the evidence needed to brand her as the killer of Boz, Gus, Nilsen, and presumably her own husband—the matching revolver, Catherine's novels, and photos chronicling the writer's life. At police headquarters, all the other detectives quickly piece together the story and conclude that Beth was the killer. Nick sits on his desk, confused and dejected, knowing based on Catherine's foreknowledge of the manner of Gus' death that she must actually have been the killer, and that she must have set Beth up. Nick returns to his apartment where he is met by Catherine, knowing she's the killer. She explains her reluctance to commit to him, but then the two make love. Afterward, the conversation turns toward their possible future as a couple. Nick looks wary of her, knowing that Catherine must be the killer. While talking, Nick turns his back on Catherine as she slowly reaches for something underneath the bed. He suggests their future will comprise sex and children. Catherine says she hates children and Nick then suggests their future will then just involve sex. At this, Catherine stops reaching for something under the bed, and she throws her arms around Nick, convincing him, and the two resume making love as the camera slowly pans down to show what she was reaching for under the bed: an ice pick. It implies that Catherine is the killer, and she also plans to kill Nick."] ["Nat Banyon  is a hitch-hiker whose dream is to open an ostrich farm in Wyoming. Early in the trip, he gets in a fight at a truck-stop bar and in the ruckus, takes his opponent's car keys, stealing his sports car. Continuing the journey, he finds a stranger  trapped in an overturned vehicle. He rescues him just as the car is completely destroyed by an incoming truck. Grateful for saving his life, the stranger, Herman Finch, hires Nat as the handyman for his motel. Nat soon learns that Finch runs a criminal network, acting in collusion with the police. Most of the locals are also in league with Finch. And everyone who irritates or opposes him soon turns up missing. They are then found dead. Finch's young, attractive wife Iris  soon hatches a plan to run off with Nat, planning to steal Finch's ill-gotten gains. Soon, Finch begins manipulating Nat when the latter begins questioning him about all the mysterious activities that had been taking place. Finch challenges Nat to a boxing match. If Nat won, he would be free to leave and take his car as well as the salary that he had made as Finch's handyman. Nat shows up to the fight after training himself to tip-top shape. When he steps into the ring, Finch suddenly reveals that the fight was a joke. Finch actually never intended Nat to leave; Nat had been too good of a worker and had learned about too many of his dark secrets. Enraged, Nat attacks Finch, and then rushes to the motel. There, he grabs Iris and tells her that they had to leave. Despite her resistance, Nat is too deeply in love with Iris to escape alone. He kidnaps her and speeds away. Unsure of where to go in the night, Nat follows Iris' directions. However, Iris deceives Nat to drive to the barn where he had seen Finch for the fight. In a final fit of frustration, Nat drives off into the water. He swims out for a final showdown with Finch. Nat loses the fight, and the police arrive to arrest him. It is only later discovered that Nat was a schizophrenic who had multiple personalities. The film had generally focused on his nobler personality. Not only did he fix Finch's motel, Nat also helped Finch murder his enemies. His personalities were likely entirely unaware of each other. The film also slowly alludes to the fact that Iris' love for Nat had been Nat's own hallucination. Nat is sent to a mental hospital where he falls deeper into mental illness, whimpering about the baby ostriches that he would now never have the chance to raise."] ['Carmen, a young Spanish woman who is engaged to be married, has her hen\'s night at a French restaurant in London. She is invited to participate in the observance of an old custom which allows her to kiss the stranger of her choice before the marriage - symbolically "kissing her single life goodbye" and bringing luck for the future. The man she chooses is Kit and both enjoy the kiss far more than they have intended. They fall in love, which creates a "love triangle" among Carmen, her fiancé Barnaby, and Kit. What initially appears to be a typical urban love story begins to take some surprising and dark twists. In the third act, it is revealed that the circumstances have been arranged in order to create an "emotional snuff film". Unbeknownst to Carmen, she has been cast as the female lead in this endeavor. Barnaby has hired Kit to play a part in the deception, but has misled him by neglecting to mention that he himself, the director, will take on the role of Carmen\'s fiancé . Barnaby is apparently unscrupulous, as he actually marries Carmen for the sake of the film and later fakes a violent suicide . In a state of shock, she returns to Kit, who is also horrified, guilty, and never having met the husband, still in the dark as to the true identity of a man he knows only as "Ford." He admits to Carmen that he has been paid by a man to seduce her for a film, and that he regrets it immensely. Barnaby, whom Kit recognizes as his employer, suddenly appears, offering Kit his final pay and removing camera equipment he previously has concealed in the actor\'s bedsit without his knowledge. With contemptible satisfaction, he unravels his entire plan to the shocked, broken pair and bitterly ridicules them before leaving. Several months later, as the film is about to open, Barnaby appears to have won Carmen back. For a ceremony during which he is to accept a filmmakers\' award, he engineers a publicity stunt by which it appears that Kit will have the ultimate revenge. However, Carmen takes advantage of the opportunity to do in her manipulative husband for real while framing his business partners for murder. Tragedy generates sensation and, while its clueless producers await trial, the film enjoys a big opening at which Carmen and Kit arrive in style, together.'] ["Philip and Alexandria Marcus are a young couple who decide to take a vacation to a friend's house in the Arizona desert to rekindle their passion, only to have their vacation turn into a nightmare when they cross paths with a homicidal ex-con named Randall and his seductive hitchhiking partner/lover Maggie who hold Philip and Alex hostage in their house, thus beginning a web of mind games, deceit and lust among all four involved."] ["Diane de Monx  is an executive trying to negotiate a deal to acquire the rights to the productions of a Japanese anime studio, which will soon include three-dimensional hentai, for the Volf Corporation. To facilitate the acquisition, she eliminates her superior, Karen , and assumes control of her portfolio, her business partner Hervé , and her assistant Elise . Elise, however, despises Diane and works to frustrate her negotiations at every opportunity. Diane and Hervé travel to Japan to close the deal, and they enjoy a sexual flirtation which is unfulfilled at that time and seem to grow to like one another. Having acquired the rights, the Volf Corporation attempts to enter into a deal for distribution with an American Internet company called Demonlover, represented by Elaine Si Gibril . Diane, however, has actually been a spy all along for Demonlover's main competition, Mangatronics, meeting with a mysterious handler on occasion to pass along information on the Demonlover deal. Meanwhile, Diane discovers that Elaine's company is a front for a website called the Hellfire Club, an interactive torture web site dealing with extreme sadomasochism broadcast in real-time. When confronted with these charges, Demonlover praises Hellfire Club but claims no ties to it whatsoever. In order to seal the deal for Mangatronics, Diane is sent by her handler to steal data from the computer in Elaine's hotel room. Before Diane can download the information, Elaine enters the hotel room and notices Diane's presence. They struggle, eventually culminating in the suffocation of Elaine. Diane checks to see if she can make an escape, but then discovers Elaine's body is missing. Elaine, who was not dead, uses the last of her strength to club Diane over the head. Diane is knocked unconscious, and Elaine passes out due to blood loss sustained from injuries in the struggle. When Diane awakens, she is in Elaine's hotel room, and everything is completely cleaned up. There is no evidence of a murder, burglary, or struggle. At this point, the narrative structure of the film more or less breaks down, although we do learn a great deal more about the characters. It is revealed that Demonlover does indeed own the Hellfire Club. It is also revealed that Elise, who it is suggested is a spy for Demonlover, actually works for Hervé, who is also likely associated with Demonlover and by extension the Hellfire Club. Hervé admits as much on a date with Diane later in the film. She sleeps with him, though it may or may not be rape, and then shoots him in the head, killing him instantly. In the end, she herself is forced into the Hellfire Club. She attempts to make an escape which fails. The final scene takes place in an American household. A teen-aged boy logs on to the Hellfire Club website using his father's credit card. He then fills out a detailed fantasy of what he would like done to the woman on the screen, who turns out to be Diane. He then allows it to play in the background as he does his science homework. Diane looks up at the camera in her room, as if she is making an indictment on the viewer."] ['Former CIA covert operative Nelson Crowe  is hired by Vic Grimes  for a position with his company nicknamed "The Toolshed," a firm which employs people with intelligence service backgrounds in order to sell their talents, with regard to extortion and corporate espionage, to domestic and foreign corporations. Grimes\' second in command, Margaret Wells , seduces Crowe and entices him with a plot to kill Grimes so they can take over the firm. The Toolshed\'s top client, Curl Industries, is being sued in a class action lawsuit in a case currently on appeal at the Washington state Supreme Court. Curl Industries is accused of poisoning the water supply to a small town, resulting in the birth of disabled children. Grimes gives Crowe $1 million dollars to bribe one of the justices, Justin Beach , into swinging the verdict in favor of Curl Industries. Crowe and Toolshed operative Tod Sapp  buy Justice Beach\'s $25,000 gambling debt from bookmaker Bobby Birdsong  and pay for information on Beach\'s personal life from his friend, Les Goodwin . During a secret progress report meeting, Crowe is revealed to in fact be a mole for the CIA, albeit against his will. Crowe was dismissed from the agency on suspicion of stealing a $50,000 bribe meant for an Iraqi colonel. Crowe\'s former boss, William "Smitty" Smithfield ([[Michael Murphy , is threatening prison time for the disappearance of the bribe as leverage to get Crowe to infiltrate the Toolshed. The CIA intends to acquire the firm and use it as a black operations hub with Smitty in charge. During the meeting, as he turns over the $1 million bribe money for inspection, Crowe secretly records his conversation with Smitty, who also forces him to sign a receipt. Sapp later discovers Crowe\'s secret objective and extorts a payoff from Smitty to remain silent about it. Beach accepts the $1 million bribe delivered by Crowe. He and his mistress Julie Ames  sign a receipt to ensure Beach\'s cooperation. Beach buys tickets for a vacation to the Caribbean and sends Julie ahead with the money, telling her he intends to leave his wife and join her. However, after reneging on his agreement and voting against Curl Industries, Beach commits suicide. Despite the setback caused by Beach\'s death and his vote, Wells and Crowe continue with their plan to murder Grimes. Wells spends a romantic weekend with Grimes at his fishing cabin, where Crowe sneaks in and shoots Grimes, then beats Wells to make it appear like the murder was a robbery gone wrong. Wells and Crowe then take over the Toolshed, though Wells now rebuffs Crowe\'s affections towards her, having used him to get what she wanted. Upon hearing of her lover\'s death, Julie travels to Europe, sending Goodwin postcards telling him how she\'s enjoying spending the $1 million. Goodwin sells this information to Crowe, who in turn takes it to Wells. Wells orders Crowe to find and kill Julie because of her knowledge of the bribe attempt. Smitty confronts Wells in her office at the Toolshed and informs her of the CIA\'s plan to take over and also of Crowe\'s involvement in the agency\'s infiltration. Julie buys a gun from Goodwin and goes to Crowe\'s apartment to kill him in revenge for Beach\'s death, arriving shortly after Wells, who also came to kill Crowe. In a chaotic shootout, Julie blindly fires at both as Crowe and Wells shoot each other dead. Julie somehow remains unharmed. As she meticulously picks up her shell casings, she finds Crowe\'s briefcase containing incriminating evidence, including the tape of his conversations with Smitty and the receipt she and Beach signed. After burning the receipt, Julie mails the tape to the U.S. Attorney\'s office to expose the corrupt dealings of both the CIA and the Toolshed. She then leaves town for good, alone.'] ['Charlotte is a "chaste" good girl who is having some very bad dreams about sex. Her dreams are the only place where her dream lover is a dark, handsome vampire; however, that is a bit of a dilemma for her real-life boyfriend, who\'s not quite as fascinating as the vampire dream boy. Charlotte is given the choice between staying with her life as she knows it, or becoming a part of the vampire\'s world. There is also the usual struggle between such opposing entities as Charlotte sees she also has to not only choose between her boyfriend and her mysterious nighttime visitor, but also between light and dark, and good and evil. In the end, after briefly kissing Milo and being interrupted by Eliza, the campus slut , she ends up having the dream one last time. This time, the vampire is telling her to come to him, as he believes there is nothing left for her here . After some dream scenes, finally, Charlotte is in the tower with the vampire. Chris  is there, but the vampire pushes Chris away, and is about to put the bite on her when she utters Chris\' name; he at first tells her not to think of Chris and instead think of himself and her as a couple. Then, after Charlotte utters Chris\'s name again, the vampire then says she can\'t take his life to the eternal life, and disappears. Charlotte and Chris wake up in the morning and kiss, and the vampire dies while laying in a sunbeam.'] ['Miriam Blaylock  is a beautiful and dangerous immortal vampire, promising specially chosen humans eternal life as her vampire lovers. As the film begins, her vampire companion is John , a talented cellist she married in 18th century France. The films opens in a night club in New York to a live performance from Bauhaus. They live together in an elegant New York townhouse posing as a wealthy couple who teach classical music. Periodically killing and feeding upon human victims allows Miriam and John to possess eternal youth—or at least that is what John was led to believe. John begins aging rapidly; he realizes that Miriam knew that this would happen and that her promise of "forever and ever" was only partially true. He will have eternal life but not eternal youth. Feeling betrayed, he seeks out the help of Dr. Sarah Roberts , who specializes in the study of premature aging, hoping she will be able to help reverse his accelerating decrepitude. Sarah assumes that John is a hypochondriac or mentally unbalanced and ignores his pleas for help. As John leaves the clinic in a rage, Sarah is horrified to see how rapidly John is aging. She tries to help, at which point John rebuffs her. In a last attempt to regain his youth, John murders and attempts to feed upon a young female violin student of Miriam\'s, whom she was grooming to be her next consort when she came of age, to no avail. As John\'s aging advances, he begs Miriam to kill him and release him from the agony of his decrepit body. Weeping, Miriam tells him that there is no release. After John collapses, Miriam carries him into the attic and places him in a coffin. There are stacks of other coffins and Miriam asks them all to "be good to him tonight." Miriam\'s former vampire lovers are doomed to suffer an eternal living death, helplessly moaning and trapped in their coffins. Sarah comes looking for John at his home but only finds Miriam. It becomes clear that the two women feel an attraction and Miriam acts upon this as she now feels alone after losing her lover and the young girl she was grooming. In a memorable scene during a piano adaption of The Flower Duet, Sarah says: "Are you making a pass at me, Mrs. Blaylock?" Miriam softly replies: "Miriam, please." They have a sexual encounter during which, without Sarah being fully aware of it, Miriam bites her arm and a blood exchange occurs in which some of Miriam\'s blood enters Sarah\'s body. Miriam attempts to initiate Sarah in the necessities of life as a vampire but Sarah is repulsed by the thought of subsisting on human blood. Still reeling from the effects of her vampiric transformation, Sarah allows Miriam to put her to bed in a guest room. Sarah\'s partner, Tom  arrives on Miriam\'s doorstep, trying to find Sarah. Miriam informs him that Sarah is in the upstairs bedroom. Sarah, starving and desperate, tries to resist the urge to kill Tom but gives in to temptation. Sarah then joins Miriam by the piano and Miriam assures her that she will soon forget what she was and come to love Miriam. As the two kiss, Sarah drives Miriam\'s ankh-knife into her throat, attempting to kill herself as she forcibly holds her mouth over Miriam\'s mouth, forcing Miriam to ingest her blood, possibly working on a hunch regarding the "blood borne metabolic aging disease" and "host" relationship she was told about affecting her blood. Miriam carries Sarah upstairs, intending to place her with her other boxed lovers. There is a rumbling and the mummies of Miriam\'s previous lovers emerge from their coffins. The mummies drive Miriam over the edge of the balcony. As she rapidly ages, the mummies fall and become dust, ostensibly providing the trapped souls with release. As the film draws to a close, a real estate agent is showing the deserted townhouse to prospective buyers. Sarah is now in London, standing on the balcony of a chic apartment tower , in the company of an attractive young man and woman. She is serenely admiring the gorgeous view as dusk falls. From a draped coffin in a storage room, Miriam repeatedly screams Sarah\'s name .'] ['The film opens to the actual murder. Three teenage boys are holding a knife to the throat of a man. They are demanding his wedding ring, and he is begging for his life. The boy holding the knife says "he can\'t do it." Another boy draws a pistol, says "God Forgive me", and shoots him to death. The three boys run out of the house to a getaway car. The scene then cuts to a courtroom. The prosecuting attorney explains to the court that Ms. Smart coerced the boys into the murder of her husband. The scene then cuts to a flashback, where Gregg Smart calls the home of his then-fiancee Pam. He tells her that he got a job at a New Hampshire insurance company, and that she should pack her bags. When he arrives, she notices that he cut his hair, and expresses her disapproval. The next scene shows their wedding. As they are about to drive off, she tells her new parents-in-law that she is thankful that they have been so good to her. Pamela soon applies for a job at a news station, but is turned down. She then gets a job as a media director at a high school, where she begins an Anti-Drug campaign. For the drug campaign, she meets several students, including Billy Flynn and Cecelia Pierce. After the meeting, she drives Cecelia and Billy home, dropping off Cecelia first. When Billy and Pam are alone in the car, they learn of their shared fandom of Van Halen, and Pam says she used to work on a radio station, & met the band then. Later on, Billy, Pam, and Cecelia learn of a contest to make an advertisement for orange juice, which has a cash prize and a trip to Florida. They decide to make a music video for it, Billy being the cameraman. Soon after, Cecelia expresses her interest of going into a similar field to Pam, who offers to let her be her intern. Cecelia accepts, and tells Pam that Billy has a "major crush" on her. On one occasion, Pam and Billy go to a nightclub together, despite Bobby\'s mother\'s disapproval. One day of filming the music video, Pam asks Billy if she could shower at his house, he says that was okay. Afterward, Billy and Pam talk in his bedroom, & they soon begin to kiss each other passionately. Pam soon pulls away and tells Billy that she\'s married. However, soon Billy is at his friends house. He tells his friend that his mom believes he is sleeping over there, so if she calls he should pretend he can\'t come to the phone, but in reality he is going to Pam\'s and that her husband is out of town. When asked if they plan to have sex, Billy says "I hope so." At Pam\'s, they do end up going upstairs and having sex for the first time. When Pam is driving Billy home one day, she tells him they have to break up. Billy asks her why, and she says that Greg rarely goes out of town like that, and that she wants to be with Billy always. She tells him that the only way they could be together is if he murders her husband. Billy suggests that she divorces Gregg, but she says that all they own is made out to him, and he would get all of it. He also has had a history of beating her, and is afraid for her safety if she leaves him. She tells him that he will also pay his friends $1,000 to kill her husband. On two separate occasions, Billy says he and his friends will kill Gregg, but both times he doesn\'t, and Pam reacts with anger, and threatens to tell Gregg of the whole situation. Billy tells his friends that he would commit suicide if he lost Pam. On the third occasion, they succeed in killing him. When questioned by the police and media, Pam adamantly claims that her husband was not a violent person, nor was he involved with illegal drugs. Meanwhile, an anonymous caller tells the Police that Cecelia knew about the plot. The police immediately question Cecelia, who eventually admits to the story being true. Billy & his friends are arrested, as is Pam. Billy is offered a reduced sentence if he testifies against Pam, and his friends talk him into it. The movie ends in the courtroom again. The jury finds Pamela to be guilty, and she is sentenced.'] ['Charles Masson , an advertising executive, is having an affair with Laura , the wife of his best friend, world renown architect François Tellier . Their sex life consists of sadomasochistic behavior, and in one of their heated sessions, Charles accidentally strangles Laura. Completely confused, Charles leaves the borrowed apartment in Paris and runs into François at a nearby bistro. The two drive back together to Versailles, where they have beautiful adjoining houses designed by François. The owner of the apartment had seen Laura and Charles together two months earlier, but she does not tell the police because of François. Even though the police do not seem to have any clues to the crime, Charles has a difficult time coping with the situation, and tries to lead a normal life with his two children and loving wife Hélène .'] ["Derek Charles  is the Executive Vice President of Gage Bendix, a finance company. Derek and his wife, Sharon  have an infant son, Kyle . While at work, Derek briefly flirts with temp Lisa Sheridan , who later attempt to seduce him throughout the film. Derek repeatedly rejects her, but Lisa continues to advance on him, and attempts to have sex with him at the no-spouse Christmas party and flashes him in his car. Derek intends to report Lisa to his firm's human resource management, but learns that she has quit her job. Derek and his workmates visit a resort for a conference, where he spots Lisa. He confronts her, who spikes his drink. Incapacitated, Derek is somewhat helpless when Lisa follows him into his hotel room and kisses him. He confronts Lisa again the following day, and hours later discovers her lying in his bed after attempting suicide through drug overdose. After repeated attempts to reach Derek on his phone, Sharon finds Derek at the hospital, and suspects that he and Lisa had an affair, as Lisa claims. Detective Monica Reese  questions Derek and becomes skeptical of Lisa's claims, and informs Derek of her belief in him. Sharon kicks Derek out of their house, and Derek moves into a separate apartment. While Derek and Sharon are dining out, Lisa breaks in their house and tricks the babysitter Samantha  into letting her in under the pretense of being one of Sharon's friends, and flees with Kyle. When Derek and Sharon return home after dinner, they discover that Kyle has been abducted. Derek goes to his car with the intent to pursue Lisa, only to find Kyle sitting safely in the back seat. Derek and Sharon immediately take Kyle to the hospital for a check-up. When Derek and Sharon return home after checking-up Kyle, they find Lisa has trashed their bedroom and removed Sharon's face from their family portrait. Sharon leaves a threatening voice message on Lisa's phone, and she and Derek set up a home alarm system. Lisa learns that Derek and Sharon will be away from town, with Sharon leaving that afternoon and Derek the next day. While Sharon is on her way to pick up Kyle, she realizes that she forgot to set the alarm system and returns home. Meanwhile, Lisa breaks into Derek and Sharon's house again and decorates the master bed with rose petals. While setting the alarm, Sharon hears Lisa in the bedroom. Sharon tells Lisa that she is calling the police, but Lisa proves to be far stronger and more dangerous than she anticipated and easily tackles her to the floor and Sharon and Lisa engage in a fistfight. Sharon is aggressive and uses her size advantage while Lisa targets Sharons throat. Lisa gains the upper hand by elbowing Sharon in the face and attempting to force her over the stair banister while choking her with both hands. In desperation, Sharon lunges forward and Sharon and Lisa engage in a struggle where Lisa, refusing to let go of her throat manages to overpower and wrestle Sharon down the stairs, temporarily knocking her out. Derek calls his house and Lisa answers and later calls Detective Reese and immediately leaves his office. Lisa runs to the attic, and Sharon pursues her. Sharon leads Lisa to a weak spot in the attic floor, where Lisa falls through. Sharon reaches out and attempt to take Lisa's hand to lift her up, but Lisa pulls Sharon down with her instead of accepting her help. Seeing that the floor is starting to buckle, Sharon pries Lisa off of her arm. Lisa falls onto a chandelier, breaking her fall, but lets go and falls onto the glass table below. Lisa opens her eyes, only to have the chandelier fall, which finally kills Lisa. Derek and Detective Reese arrives as Sharon comes out of the front door of the house. The film ends when Derek and Sharon embrace each other as Detective Reese enters their house to investigate Lisa's actions."] ["Mark  returns home from an espionage mission  to find that his wife, Anna , wants a divorce. She won't say why, but insists it's not because she's found someone else. Though Mark would rather stay with Anna and work things out, he turns both the apartment and custody of their young son, Bob, over to her. Living alone, he begins to obsess over her, making dozens of calls, and seemingly going mad. He pays a visit to their flat only to find Bob alone, unkempt, and neglected. When Anna returns, he refuses to leave her alone with the child but attempts to make amends. He stays at the apartment to care for Bob but Anna leaves in the middle of the night. Mark receives a phone call from Anna’s lover, Heinrich , telling him that Anna is with him. He then gets Heinrich’s phone number from Anna’s friend, Margie. The next day, Mark meets Bob’s teacher, Helen . She looks exactly like Anna but with brilliant green eyes and where Anna is hysterical, Helen is calm and kind. Mark pays a visit to Heinrich who swears he didn’t call, telling Mark that Anna needed space; he has not seen her, having been away on a business trip himself. Mark attacks Heinrich, who defends himself and leaves Mark bloodied. Mark returns home to find Anna who, when confronted, is vague on her whereabouts. He beats her and she storms out. He follows, apologizing, attempting a reconciliation. She leaves him on the street. On his way back to the flat, he encounters Margie, whose left leg is inexplicably in a cast, and he tells her, “I loathe you” when she offers to look after Bob. Mark meets with a private investigator whom he hires to follow Anna, then returns to the flat where he and Margie embrace in the bedroom. The next day, Mark and Anna have another extreme argument during which she cuts her own neck with an electric knife. Mark tends the wound and then sits, forlornly in the kitchen, cutting his own arm with the knife. She leaves again – going off to her mysterious place, her neck bandaged. Following Anna around the city, the private investigator discovers Anna in a squalid, nearly empty apartment. The investigator pretends to be a building manager and inspects the apartment. In the bathroom, he finds a creature of such bizarre proportions that he is stunned into silence. Anna kills him with the end of a broken bottle. Meanwhile, Mark begins a relationship with Helen. When she stays the night, Bob is awakened by nightmares, crying out for his mother. Helen apologizes and leaves saying she should not have attempted to replace Anna. Zimmerman, the lover of the missing private detective, approaches Mark to inquire about his whereabouts. Mark gives him the address of Anna’s mysterious apartment, which was presumably given to him by the detective. When Zimmerman goes to Anna’s apartment, he discovers the freakish creature as well as his dead lover’s body. Anna proclaims that the creature, “Is very tired. He made love to me all night,” and “He’s still unfinished, you know.” She then violently beats Zimmerman when he attempts to shoot her, takes his gun and kills him. Anna, returning to the flat she shares with Mark, continues her erratic behavior, putting clothes in the refrigerator and food in the bedroom. She then tells Mark about her miscarriage. In a flashback, Anna, on her way home from market, has what appears to be a seizure of epic violence as she walks through the subway, ending with her on the floor of the passageway, oozing blood and fluids from every orifice. She tells Mark, “What I miscarried there was sister faith and what was left was sister chance.” She leaves him again and Mark calls Heinrich, giving him Anna’s address. Heinrich attempts to make love to her but finds the creature, still monstrous but more developed, in her bedroom. Anna then reveals the grim fruits of her endeavors: a collection of body parts in her refrigerator, presumably those of the dead detective and Zimmerman. She attacks Heinrich with a knife and he flees, bleeding. Anna, meanwhile, prepares to make love to the creature. Heinrich telephones Mark and asks to meet him at a bar, telling him what he has seen. Mark goes to the apartment and discovers the remains of the detective and his lover; he destroys the apartment by igniting the gas stove and blowing it up. When Mark arrives at the bar he murders Heinrich in the bathroom, making it look as if he drowned in his own vomit. Upon returning to the flat, Mark finds Margie outside with her throat cut, possibly at Anna’s hand. He brings the body back into the flat where Anna waits. She greets him tenderly, cleans him up and makes love to him in the kitchen. He lays out a plan for them to cover up the problem and, as Bob awakens to find them together, she flees. Heinrich’s mother phones Mark looking for her son. She tells Mark that Heinrich’s body was discovered but that she did not identify it because it was only his body, “his soul was not there.” Mark, who has continued to cover for Anna, finds her at the apartment where the creature, considerably more evolved, copulates with her on the bed. As the creature penetrates her she repeats over and over, “Almost.” Mark meets Heinrich’s mother in person and she claims that she “must be with him.” She then seemingly poisons herself and dies. Mark, later wandering the street, meets up with his former business associates who insist that he do business with them again. Mark appears to refuse and later, while being followed by police, murders an officer then flees on a motorcycle. He has a horrific accident and races into a building where he is pursued by Anna, the police and his business associates. Anna tells him, “I wanted to find you. It is finished now,” and reveals the creature, now fully formed as Mark’s doppelganger. Mark raises his gun to shoot it but he and Anna are gunned down by a hail of bullets from below. The doppelganger remains impervious. Anna uses Mark’s gun to shoot herself and dies in his arms. He jumps to his death through the stairwell. The doppelganger, meanwhile, enlists the help of a woman who resembles Margie, standing at the top of the stairs. The doppelganger flees through the roof. Later, Helen is at the flat with Bob when the doorbell rings. Bob repeats over and over, “Don’t open,” but Helen ignores his plea. She goes to the door as the sounds of sirens, planes and explosions fill the air. Bob races through the flat, ending in the bathroom where he jumps face down into a bathtub full of water and floats as if dead. Meanwhile, Helen, listening to the sirens and planes as if in fear, seems unaware of the doppelganger which can be seen through the glass door. Her expression changes to something indeterminate as light from the explosions illuminates her brilliant, green eyes."] ["A beautiful teenage babysitter  is charged with the care of a preteen boy, a little girl, and a baby. She becomes the basis for fantasies of the boy, her boyfriend, Jack, his questionable friend, and the father of the children she is babysitting. Meanwhile, the children's mother, at a party thinks Jack's friend's father wants to have an affair with her, and she fantasizes about it."] ['Arriving in a new city, writer Nick Eliot  secures a job at Pique magazine and lodgings in a guest house belonging to Cliff and Liv Forrester . The handsome Nick soon makes the acquaintance of the Forrester\'s 14-year-old daughter Adrian  , a precocious gifted girl who has borderline personality disorder[3] and develops an intense attraction to him. She secretly helps Nick by sneaking into his room and rewriting one of his Pique stories, which subsequently wins a rave from his editor/boss Michael . At a party thrown by the Forresters, Nick agrees to accompany the lonely girl on a nighttime drive to a romantic spot, where she kisses him. This intensifies Adrian\'s crush on Nick, but he quickly wises up and attempts to put her off, having begun a budding romance with co-worker Amy . Adrian continues to boldly pursue him, even going so far as to undress in his view. Nick, however, continues to rebuff her advances, and Adrian\'s actions become destructive—she defaces a car he\'s restored and erases his computer discs—yet he\'s unable to convince Cliff and Liv of what\'s going on. Cheyenne , a friend of Adrian who tries to warn Nick about her, meets with an "accident" at the riding school they attend together. Then, after Adrian spies on Amy in bed with Nick, the girl locks Amy in her darkroom and empties a wasps\' nest into the vents. Amy survives, and Nick, now convinced that Adrian is big trouble, attempts to find new lodgings. However, Adrian manages to sabotage his efforts. She then accuses him of sexually assaulting her with "evidence" obtained from a used condom from Nick\'s trash, leading to his arrest. After Michael bails him out , Nick is met once again by Cheyenne. She informs Nick that she knows he did not do anything to Adrian, and that Adrian had behaved like this before to a previous crush, a camp counselor named Rick who "accidentally," died by eating something poisonious. Cheyenne also informs Nick of a diary Adrian kept that can acquit him. When Cheyenne leaves, Nick goes looking for her when he hears strange noises from the Forresters\' house. He discovers Cheyenne tied up in the attic and is confronted by Adrian and then Cliff, who attacks him. Adrian, still infatuated, attacks her father, leaving Nick free to subdue her with one punch. Acquitted, Nick goes to live with Amy while Adrian, confined to a psychiatric ward, wishes to express her remorse for what she has done to Nick. Her doctor comments that she is making good progress, but seems to be yet unaware she is developing a crush on him.'] ['The film revolves around three ex-cons who kidnap a famous Hollywood actress known for refusing to do nude scenes and persuade her to have sex on camera for a pay-per-view website.'] ["Jodi Lyn O'Keefe reprises Rose McGowan's role in the original film. O'Keefe stars as Debbie Strand, who escapes from the mental institution she was sent off to in the first installment of the series. After the young co-ed dies in an unexpected accident, Debbie steals both the girl's identity and her car, and heads off to the college her victim was supposed to attend. There, Debbie quickly develops a psychotic crush on her dashing writing professor, Dr. Sam Decker, killing anyone she perceives as a threat to their relationship. However, Debbie's scheme starts to fall apart when her roommate begins unraveling Debbie's lies and discovers the truth about her past. Knowing that she is in danger of being exposed, Debbie makes plans to get rid of her roommate and her friends by any means necessary."] ['It is a movie about relationships between two distinct and very different couples. Colin  and Mary  are a British couple vacationing in Venice for the second time. They are not married, but Mary has two children, who have been left at home with her mother. We are shown glimpses of a tall man dressed in white, who seems to be observing them from afar. Late one night, they become lost as they search for a restaurant. As they wander around, they meet Robert , the British-Italian owner of a local bar. He is the very elegant-looking man in all white. Over several bottles of wine, he tells them stories about his sadistic father who was an Italian diplomat. Robert also talks of the cruel tricks his younger sisters played upon him. After this late evening, Colin and Mary try to walk back to their hotel through the labyrinthine streets of Venice. However, they lose their way and are forced to sleep in the streets. In the morning, hung-over and hungry, they make their way to an outdoor restaurant in the square at St. Mark’s. There they see Robert, and after realizing his thoughtlessness at not guiding them back to where they stay, he insists they come back to his home and dine there. They discover he and his wife Caroline  live in a spacious Moorish-styled apartment which is like a museum. The purpose of Colin’s and Mary’s trip is also to revitalize their relationship, and they decide to marry upon their return to England. However, Robert and Caroline are a very mysterious couple who attract and repulse the other pair. Robert is clearly obsessed with his past. He also seems suspect of women’s power over men. Gradually, he draws them further into his influence much as a spider entraps his prey.'] ['A Miss Galaxy competition is hijacked by a gang who take a number of hostages and demand diamonds as a ransom. However, the host, Sharon Bell, a kick-boxing actress, is determined to stop them.'] ["Matt Sorenson , a former boxer and San Francisco cop, now makes a living collecting debts for small businesses. The brutal death of his high-powered younger brother, Michael, changes all that forever. Intent on finding his brother's killer, Sorenson infiltrates the powerful inner world of politics, business intrigue and casual sex. Rejecting the police and media theory that the murder is the work of a female prostitute, Sorensen's focus falls on the corrupt big city businessman, Jim Conway. His obsession to discover the killer's identity mounts as a series of other men are found murdered in a similar fashion. Sorenson loses all objectivity and becomes a vigilante."] [':Note: The story is explained here in its chronological order, rather than the way it unfolds in the film. Trevor and Faith are a happy couple who decide to buy a home together. After purchasing their new house, Trevor is cleaning the attic and discovers a chest. In the chest there is a staircase, under which he finds a book of black magic that only he can read. He begins studying the book, and starts to perform rituals with Faith. In an effort to gain even greater power, he and Faith perform a ritual in an attempt to merge their two consciousnesses. The ritual goes wrong, and Faith suffers a violent death. Trevor calls the police. Years later, Trevor appears in a hospital. Apparently having been found insane, he is now under the care of Dr. Ek. The doctor has learned about the book Trevor found, and wants to use it for his own means - one of which, he later admits, is to cure all mental illness. It is around this time that Dr. Coffee comes to stay at the sanitarium and study under Dr. Ek. Trevor seems to have forgotten much of his past including practicing black magic and killing Faith. Dr. Ek talks with Trevor, trying to help him regain any previous memories about where Trevor may have hidden the book. At first Ek is very coy about his intentions. He worries that if Trevor knows the value of the book and his intent, he won\'t willingly surrender it. Dr. Ek sends Trevor to be rehabilitated at "The House of Love." While Trevor thinks he\'s being sent to a recovery facility filed with other patients, he is actually being sent to his former house which is now filled with actors pretending to be patients. He interacts with the other patients, and eventually befriends Douglas. While he thinks Douglas is just as oblivious to the strange happenings in the house, Douglas is actually trying to get Trevor to sneak around the house  and expose the location of the book. Ronald pretends to confess secrets of the house, hoping it will motivate Trevor to explore more. As Douglas and Trevor\'s conversations and expeditions continue, Trevor develops an interest in Amy - another supposed patient. While Amy seduces and has sex with Trevor, the first "murder" takes place. As time goes on, several more fake murders are orchestrated in an attempt to build urgency and get Trevor to continue exploring. Unhappy with his results so far, Dr. Ek commits further surgery on Trevor. As Dr. Coffee\'s skepticism builds, Dr. Ek also subjects Trevor to several medications and hallucinogens. In his drugged state, Trevor communicates with Faith who now appears to be searching for the book as well. She explains to Trevor his past, the truth about the House of Love, and Dr. Ek\'s actual intent. She has sex with Trevor and tries to manipulate him into giving her the book. Dr. Ek has another conversation with Trevor, and sends him back to the House of Love. Previously murdered characters are seen alive, just as they were the first time Trevor came to the house. While Trevor remembers his previous time here, the actors continue to pretend he has never been here before. The charade breaks down and actors begin to confess the ruse. Trevor suspects Faith will attempt to possess one of them in a final attempt to find the book. Observing all of this on the monitors, Dr. Coffee and Dr. Ek have a fight over Dr. Ek\'s methods. Dr. Ek drugs Dr. Coffee in a fit of rage. Dr. Ek eventually accepts the experiment\'s failure. He sends two orderlies to the house and begins to pack up and leave the sanitarium. Thinking Faith has possessed Amy, he kills her. As the orderlies arrive at the house, Douglas  kills them and goes looking for Trevor. They run through the house, and Trevor eventually knocks Douglas down and makes his way to the attic. Douglas follows him down the stairs within the chest, and Trevor kills him. Trevor begins to see the situation playing out the way it did when he killed Faith in her own physical body. He attempts to make his way out of the Attic while another version of his consciousness is knocking on the chest. In the final scene, Trevor is seen pulling himself into the chest.'] ["Madeleine Dalton was once a wild girl who was drawn to bad boys, but has now settled down with real estate broker Mike Dalton. She is desperate to make her dead-end relationship exciting again and goes seeing a psychiatrist, Dr. Jennings. He suggests her to spice up her sex life by playing games. She decides to give it a try and begins using handcuffs and letting her get blindfolded. Meanwhile, several women in Santa Monica are getting handcuffed, blindfolded and knifed to death. Madeleine's sister Chris Madigan is involved with investigating the murders and ends up finding a corpse. She suspects Dr. Jennings is the murderer since he has some sort of connection to a presumed dead killer with an identical modus operandi. While the identity of the murderer is coming closer to being exposed, Madeleine is drawn more and more into the games. She eventually becomes obsessed with S&M and starts an affair with Dr Jannings, but it takes its toll...Stomp Tokyo Plot summary description"] ['Daniel , a charismatic dancer, is drugged and abducted in an alley by three hooded women. They proceed to torture and rape him in an abandoned warehouse for about two weeks, before they take him in their car and dump him out. When he is left to return to his normal life, he loses his ability to dance and has problems relating with his environment. To reclaim his identity, he seeks revenge. He does so by hitting on every woman who responds to him hoping his abductors would be among them.'] ['This film once again portrays seduction and betrayal among the teenaged idle rich. Cassidy Merteuil  is a beautiful, manipulative student at an exclusive Santa Barbara college. Jason Argyle  and Patrick Bates  are roommates there. After they pull off a devious plan to bed Cassidy, she encourages them to compete against each other. Jason has to seduce Sheila , who is in a steady relationship with Michael ([[Tom Parker , and Patrick has to seduce Alison , who is already engaged. After Jason succeeds in his part, Patrick blackmails Alison using photos of her cheating on her fiance and then tells her how he succeeded and then he pulls down her white thong and rapes her to fulfill his part of the bet. Jason and Cassidy strike up a relationship as Patrick is left unsatisfied and angry. He attempts to seduce Cassidy, but she rejects him. So he convinces Cassidy that the man she loves, Jason, is only staying with her because he wants to win the bet with Patrick that they had set, which was to see who could sleep with Cassidy first. Seemingly angry with Jason, she succumbs to Patrick, and Jason walks in on them. Patrick snidely remarks that both Jason and Cassidy have been victims of his cruel game to show them that they underestimated the evil in themselves. They ask him if he has ever been a victim and he tells them no, but Cassidy reveals that this had been her plan all along. She began the little charade so Patrick and Jason would seduce Alison and Sheila; before sleeping with Patrick, she took one of his sleeping pills, planning to tell the policemen that he had drugged and raped her. As Patrick is led away by the police, bewildered and protesting his innocence, he is warned that another victim has come forward, and he will get the punishment he deserves for raping Alison. In the end Jason and Cassidy are shown together and making another bet with each other.'] ['Dr. Bill Harford  and his wife, Alice , a young couple from New York, go to a Christmas party, given by a wealthy patient, Victor Ziegler . Bill meets an old friend from med school, Nick Nightingale , who now plays piano professionally. While a Hungarian man tries to pick up Alice, two young models try to take Bill off for a tryst. He is interrupted by a call from his host upstairs, who had been having sex with a young woman who has overdosed on a speedball. Next evening at home, while smoking marijuana, Bill\'s wife asks him if he had sex with the two girls. After Bill reassures her, she asks if he is ever jealous of men who are attracted to her. As the discussion gets heated, he states that he thinks women are more faithful than men. She rebuts him, telling him of a recent fantasy she had about a naval officer they had encountered on a vacation. Disturbed by Alice\'s revelation, Bill is just then called to the deathbed of the father of a now-engaged female friend, who impulsively kisses him and tells him she loves him. Putting her off, Bill takes a walk and meets a prostitute named Domino , and goes to her apartment. His wife phones as he begins to kiss her, after which he calls off the awkward encounter. Meeting his friend Nick at the Sonata Cafe, Bill learns that Nick has a following engagement where he must play piano blindfolded. Nick tells him about beautiful women he glimpsed when the blindfold slipped at the last gig for this customer, allowing him to surmise some of the goings-on. Bill presses for details. To gain admittance, one needs a costume, a mask and the password. Bill drives late at night to a shop called "Rainbow Fashions", whose previous owner he knew. He offers the new owner, Mr. Milich , a generous amount of money to rent to him now. Searching for a costume, the owner catches his teenage daughter  with two Japanese men and expresses outrage at their lack of sense of decency, and threatens to call the police. Bill now takes a taxi out to a country mansion where a quasi-religious sexual ritual is taking place. One woman takes Bill aside and warns him he does not belong there. Bill then with another girl walks through a few rooms where an orgy is taking place. The first woman catches up with Bill and insists he is in terrible danger for they suspect that he is an outsider. Bill is then interrupted by a masked porter who tells him that the taxi driver who is waiting outside wants to speak with him. However, the porter takes him to the main room where the masked, red-cloaked Master of Ceremonies confronts Bill with a question about a second password which Bill is unable to answer. The Master of Ceremonies insists that he "kindly remove his mask", then asks that he remove his clothes. The masked young woman who had tried to warn Bill now intervenes and insists that she be punished instead of him. As she is taken away, Bill asks what is going to happen to her. The Master cryptically replies her fate is sealed and Bill is ushered from the mansion and warned not to tell anyone about what happened there. Just before dawn, Bill arrives home guilty and confused, where his wife Alice is now awake and tells him of a troubling dream in which he and she were in a deserted city without their clothes. She felt frightened and ashamed while he went off to try to find their clothes. She then felt better, finding herself, still naked, in a beautiful garden. The Naval Officer emerged, stared at her, and the two of them began making love surrounded by many other couples doing the same. She then started having sex with many of those men and laughing at the idea of Bill seeing her with them. Next morning Bill finds Nick\'s hotel from the waitress in the next-door cafe; the desk clerk  tells Bill that a bruised and frightened Nick checked out a few hours earlier after returning with two large, dangerous-looking men. Nick tried to pass an envelope to him when they were leaving, but it was intercepted, then he was driven away by the two men in a limousine. Bill goes to return the costume and the shop owner, with his daughter by his side, states he can do other favors for Bill "and it needn\'t be a costume". The Japanese men leave; Milich implies to Bill that he has sold his daughter for prostitution. Bill has misplaced the mask, so is billed for it. Bill returns to the mansion in his own car and is greeted at the gate by a man with a note warning him to cease and desist his inquiries. At home, Bill thinks about Alice\'s dream while he watches her tutor their daughter. That evening, Bill goes to the home of the prostitute with a gift. Her roommate greets him, telling him Domino has just discovered she has HIV. Bill leaves and notices a well-dressed man is following him. After losing him, Bill reads a newspaper story about a beauty queen, Amanda Curran, who had died of a drug overdose. She is the Mandy he had treated at Ziegler\'s party. He goes to the hospital, claiming to be her doctor, and examines her body in the morgue. Ziegler summons Bill to his house and tells him he knows all the events of the past night and day. Ziegler was one of those involved with the ritual orgy and his own position with the secret society has been jeopardized by Bill\'s intrusion. Bill asks about the death of Mandy, whom Ziegler has identified as the woman at the party who\'d "sacrificed" herself to prevent Bill\'s punishment, and about Nick. Ziegler insists that Nick is safely back at home in Seattle, but does not know where to contact him. Ziegler also insists that the "punishment" had nothing to do with Mandy\'s death; she was a junkie and she has died from another accidental drug overdose. Bill does not know if Ziegler is telling him the truth, but says nothing further. When Bill returns home, he sees the rented mask on his pillow next to his sleeping wife. He breaks down in tears and as Alice awakes, he decides to tell her the whole truth of the past two days. The next morning they go Christmas shopping. His wife muses that recent events do not define their life and they should be grateful they have survived and are still together and that she loves him. She then says they need to, in her own words, "fuck" as soon as possible.  Arthur Schnitzler\'s 1926 novella Dream Story is set around Vienna shortly after the turn of the century. The couple are named Fridolin and Albertina, and their home is a typical suburban middle-class home, not the film\'s posh urban apartment. Schnitzler himself, like the protagonist of this novel, lived in Vienna, was Jewish, and a medical doctor . The couple in the novella are implied to be Jewish . According to historian Geoffrey Cocks, Kubrick  frequently removed references to the Jewishness of characters in the novels he adapted. This is reflected in the way the film handles the way Bill Harford is taunted by college students when going home in the morning. In the film, Bill is taunted with homophobic slurs. In the novella, these boys are recognized to be members of an anti-Semitic college fraternity.Peter Loewenberg notes this in his essay Freud Schnitzler and Eyes Wide Shut http://books.google.com/books?idPA268&dq1#vfalse as does Geoffrey Cocks in his book Wolf at the Door  The novella is set during Carnival, when people often wear masks to parties. The party that both husband and wife attend at the opening of the story is a masked Carnival ball, whereas the film\'s story begins at Christmas time. Critic Randy Rasmussen suggests that the character of Bill is fundamentally more naïve, strait-laced, less disclosing and more unconscious of his vindictive motives than his counterpart, Fridolin.{{Harvnb|Rasmussen|2005|p6Y7FnTDmvUIC&pgFidelio+Denmark+Kubrick&cdfalse] The party in the novella consists mostly of nude ballroom dancing. In the novella the woman who "redeems" Fridolin at the party, saving him from punishment, is costumed as a nun, and most of the characters at the party are dressed as nuns or priests; Fridolin himself used a priest costume. This aspect was retained in the film\'s original screenplay,Eyes Wide Shut original screenplay but was deleted in the filmed version. In the novella, when the husband returns home, the wife\'s dream is an elaborate drama that concludes with him getting crucified in a village square after Fridolin refuses to separate from Albertina and become the paramour of the village princess, even though Albertina is now occupied with copulating with other men, and watches him "without pity". By being faithful, Fridolin thus fails to save himself from execution in Albertina\'s dream although he was apparently spared by the woman\'s \'sacrifice\' at the masked sex party. In both the novella and film, the wife states that the laugh in her sleep just before she woke was a laugh of scornful contempt for her husband; although awake she states this matter-of-factly. The novella makes it clear that Fridolin at this point hates Albertina more than ever, thinking they are now lying together "like mortal enemies". It has been argued that the dramatic climax of the novella is actually Albertina\'s dream, and the film has shifted the focus to Bill\'s visit to the secret society\'s orgy whose content is more shocking in the film.Rainer J. Kaus, Notes on Eyes Wide Shut The character of Ziegler  is entirely an invention of the film, having no counterpart in Schnitzler. Critic Randy Rasmussen interprets Ziegler as representing Bill\'s worst self, much as in other Kubrick films; the title character in Dr. Strangelove represents the worst of the American national security establishment, Charles Grady represents the worst of Jack Torrance in The Shining, and Clare Quilty represents the worst of Humbert Humbert in Lolita.{{Harvnb}} The novella explains why the husband\'s mask is on the pillow next to his sleeping wife, she having discovered it when it slipped out of his suitcase, and placing it there as a statement of understanding. This is left unexplained in the film.'] ["Terry  is having an affair with his boss' wife Sylvia . One night after an office party, they are together and Sylvia witnesses an attack on Denise  from Terry's bedroom window. She doesn't want to expose their relationship and so is reluctant about talking to the police. Terry, wanting to help, gives the police the description of the attacker. He soon becomes the main prosecution witness until it becomes clear he cannot have witnessed the assault, at which point he becomes the main suspect in the case. He then sets out to find the real rapist/killer with some help from Denise."] ['During a particularly intense Florida heatwave, Ned Racine , an inept and somewhat sleazy lawyer, begins an affair with Matty , wife of Edmund Walker , a wealthy businessman. They go to great lengths to keep their affair a secret, but Ned mistakenly makes a pass at a woman he thought was Matty. She turns out to be an old school friend of hers named Mary Ann Simpson ; and Matty is seen performing fellatio on Ned by Edmund\'s young niece Heather  who is staying with Matty. Ned even meets Edmund when he comes across the Walkers by chance. Matty soon makes it clear to Ned that she wants to leave Edmund but also wants his money, explaining that a divorce would leave her with very little of his fortune because of a prenuptial agreement. Racine suggests that the only option is to kill Edmund. While planning the murder, Ned consults one of his shadier clients, Teddy Lewis , an expert on incendiary devices, who gives Ned the bomb he built for him. Matty tries to get Ned to change Edmund\'s will to prevent Heather from getting half the fortune, but he refuses in order to avoid suspicious activity in the days leading up to Edmund\'s death. Racine establishes an alibi at a Miami hotel, then drives back to the Walker estate at night where he kills Edmund. He places the body in an abandoned business that Edmund was known to be involved with, and destroys the building with the incendiary device, to make it look like a botched arson job. After his victim\'s death has been officially declared, Ned is contacted by Edmund\'s lawyer about a new will that Racine supposedly drew up on Edmund\'s behalf which was witnessed by Matty\'s friend Mary Ann Simpson. Unaware of the new will\'s existence, Ned plays along to avoid suspicion. Still leaving half the estate to Heather, the new will is so badly prepared it is declared null and void, due to a violation of the rule against perpetuities, resulting in Matty getting the entire fortune. As Matty later admits to an angered Ned that she forged the will, Ned\'s friends, prosecutor Peter Lowenstein  and police Detective Oscar Grace , begin to suspect Ned of involvement with Matty in a plot to kill her husband. While Ned is in Grace\'s office, Edmund\'s sister Roz brings in her daughter Heather to identify the man she saw earlier with Aunt Matty. Heather meets Ned face-to-face but fails to recognize him. No longer concealing his affair with Matty, Ned tells Grace and Lowenstein it has only recently begun. They reveal to him that Edmund\'s steel-rim glasses, which he always wore, were not on him at the time of the explosion, and are nowhere to be found. Mary Ann Simpson has also disappeared, having supposedly left the country after witnessing the new will that Matty forged. Nervous about the will, the glasses, the suspicions of the police, and Matty\'s loyalty, Ned happens upon a lawyer who once sued him over a mishandled legal case who reveals that to make amends, he recommended Ned to Matty Walker, and admits to telling her about his lack of competence as a lawyer. Lowenstein warns Ned that someone kept calling his hotel room on the night in question but never got an answer, thereby weakening his alibi. While in custody on a separate charge, Teddy Lewis also warns Ned that a woman came to him for another incendiary device, and that he showed her how to set it to explode when opening a door. Matty calls Ned to tell him the glasses were found by her housekeeper who, in exchange for money, has left them in the boathouse on the Walker estate. At her prompting, a suspicious Ned goes to the boathouse late at night and sees through the window a long twisted wire attached to the door. When Matty shows up, Ned confronts her at gunpoint. She admits to having arranged to meet him on purpose but claims to really love him now. He tells her to prove it by going to the boathouse and getting the glasses. In walking off toward the boathouse, Matty disappears into the night; then the boathouse explodes. Grace, having obtained enough evidence for an arrest, finds in the building\'s remains a body that is identified as Matty Walker  through dental records. Now in prison, Ned tries to convince Grace that Matty is still alive, laying out for him the scenario that the woman he knew as "Matty" had an unsavory background and, in order to marry Edmund Walker and get his money, assumed the identity of Matty Tyler. The woman Ned knew as "Mary Ann Simpson" discovered this and played along, presumably in exchange for some of the money, but was then murdered and left in the boathouse. Had he been killed by entering the boathouse, the police would have closed the case; both suspects would have been found dead, and "Matty" would have gotten away clean with the money, which was never recovered. Remembering that Matty told him where and when she attended High School in Illinois, Ned writes to the school asking for the yearbook from that time. As Ned looks through the yearbook, he finds the pictures of Mary Ann Simpson and Matty Tyler, confirming his suspicion that Mary Ann Simpson stole Matty Tyler\'s identity, eventually becoming Matty Walker. Below the real Matty\'s picture is the nickname "Smoocher" and "Ambition&mdash;To Graduate"; below Mary Ann\'s is the nickname "The Vamp", swim-team membership, and "Ambition&mdash;To be rich and live in an exotic land". In a coda filmed in a single shot, a distracted Mary Ann is seated on a comfortable chair on the beach of a tropical island. Reclining beside her is a virile young man, barely glimpsed but apparently a native of the place. As he lifts an ice-filled drink from a tray beside her, he addresses her in his own language. "It\'s hot," he says, when she asks him what he\'s said. Mary Ann puts on her sunglasses and agrees.'] ['San Francisco Assistant District Attorney David Corelli  is called to the murder scene of prominent businessman Kyle Medford, found stabbed to death in his home by an antique hatchet. The lead detectives, Bob Hargrove  and Petey Vesko , find photographs in Medford\'s safe of Governor Lew Edwards  having sex with a prostitute, later identified as Patrice Jacinto . During questioning, Patrice reveals that she and other women were paid by Medford to have sex with wealthy men at his beach house in Pacifica. She also informs them that the most desired prostitute among the clients was a woman known only as "Jade." Corelli meets with Governor Edwards and his aide Bill Barrett , where he is warned not to make the photographs public, lest the Governor ruin Corelli\'s career. Corelli is then almost killed when his brake line is deliberately cut and his vehicle goes out of control while driving down a steep hill. The detectives find fingerprints on the hatchet belonging to Katrina Gavin , a clinical psychologist and former lover of Corelli\'s that eventually married his close friend, defense attorney Matt Gavin . When interviewed, Katrina explains Medford gave her a tour of his antique collection on the day in question, but claims to have nothing to do with his death. At Medford\'s beach house, Corelli and the detectives find various drugs, alcohol, and sex toys as well as video cameras hidden in guest bedrooms. They conclude Medford was recording the sex sessions in order to blackmail the men. Corelli is shocked to discover Katrina on one of the tapes; the revelation renews the detectives interest in her as a suspect. Patrice calls Corelli and arranges to meet him to discuss Jade\'s identity, but, prior to arriving, she is killed in a hit-and-run accident by an unknown assailant driving a black 1993 Ford Thunderbird. Corelli, witnessing the murder first-hand, chases the assailants\' vehicle, but is unable to apprehend them. The detectives discover the Gavins own a black 1993 Ford Thunderbird and initially suspect Katrina of killing Patrice, but later find the actual vehicle used in the hit-and-run incident abandoned and determine someone may be trying to frame Katrina. Katrina is again brought in for questioning and shown the sex tape but Matt, in his capacity as her attorney, ends the interrogation before she fully explains her involvement. When confronted at their home by Matt, Katrina admits she had sex with the man on the tape, due in part to her knowledge of Matt\'s many affairs. Katrina later visits Corelli at his apartment and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him, admitting she felt sexually liberated by sleeping with several men at the beach house, despite suspecting Medford of recording the sessions. Meanwhile, Justin Henderson , the only witness to identify Katrina at the Pacifica beach house, is found murdered. Corelli informs the detectives at the crime scene that Katrina couldn\'t have killed him because she and Corelli were together at the time. Corelli rushes back to his apartment where he is met by Matt, who holds him at gunpoint and angrily accuses him of also having sex with Katrina. Corelli convinces Matt of his innocence and persuades him Katrina\'s life is in danger. Back at the Gavin home, Det. Hargrove and Governor\'s aide Barrett search for the incriminating photos of the Governor and Patrice. Hargrove tries to kill Katrina when she interrupts their search, but Corelli and Matt arrive and Matt shoots and kills Hargrove to save his wife. Afterwards, Corelli meets with the Governor to assure Katrina\'s safety by leveraging his possession of the photographs. The Governor denies any knowledge of Hargrove\'s or Barrett\'s actions, but insinuates they were both acting on his behalf. As they get ready for bed, Katrina finds photographs laid out in her bathroom of her having sex with the men at the beach house. Matt admits to Katrina that he killed Medford because Medford would eventually blackmail them both. He assures her they have gotten away with the murder and then asks Katrina to "show him Jade" the next time they have sex.'] ['It is about a Central Intelligence Agency  agent named Cross , a successful but retiring assassin, who is training "Scorpio" to replace him. Cross is teaching him as much about protecting himself from his patrons and never trusting anyone as how to get away clean. The CIA tells "Scorpio", Jean Laurier , to kill Cross for suspected treason and collaboration with the Russians. Scorpio is threatened with jail on a false narcotics charge if he doesn\'t cooperate. In a failed break-in of Cross\'s home, CIA agents shoot and kill his wife Sarah , causing Cross to go on the run and seek protection from the Russians, who want the secrets he knows and maybe revenge for past acts. Cross is very successful at evading capture, and even kills the CIA director who was responsible for his wife\'s death. However, the CIA gains evidence that Cross is working with Scorpio\'s girlfriend. Enraged by this betrayal, Scorpio corners and kills his girlfriend and Cross, but not before Cross imparts his last words of wisdom. Moments later, Scorpio is assassinated, as Cross said he would be when "They" were done with him. The viewer is left to speculate on who is behind Scorpio\'s death.'] ['Baise-moi tells the story of Nadine  and Manu  who go on a violent spree against a society in which they feel marginalised. Nadine is a part-time prostitute, and Manu is a slacker who does anything—including occasional porn film acting—to get by in her small town in southern France. One day Manu and her friend, a drug addict, are brutally gang-raped by three men. While her friend struggles, screams, and fights against the rapists, ending up violently beaten and distressed, Manu lies still with a detached look, which troubles the man raping her, who soon gives up. As her friend asks Manu how she could act so detached, she replies that she can\'t prevent anyone from penetrating her pussy, so she didn\'t let anything precious in there. Manu then returns to her brother\'s house, and does not tell him what has happened, but he realises after noticing bruises on her neck. He gets out a gun and asks Manu who was responsible, but when Manu refuses to tell him, he calls her a "slut" and implies that she actually enjoyed being raped. In response, Manu picks up his discarded pistol and shoots him in the head. Meanwhile, Nadine returns home and has an argument with her roommate, whom she strangles and kills, before leaving with their rent money. Nadine suffers another emotional setback when she meets her best friend, a drug dealer, in another town, but he is shot and killed while out obtaining drugs with a prescription she forged for him. Later that night, having missed the last train, Nadine meets Manu at the railway station. Manu says she has a car, if Nadine will drive for her. They soon realise that they share common feelings of anger, and embark on a violent and sexually charged road trip together. In need of money they hold up a convenience store, and also kill a woman at an ATM. Finally, after much killing and sexual activities, the two women enter a swingers\' club and kill everyone there. The pair discuss what they have done, and agree that it has all been pointless because nothing has changed inside them. During their spree the entire country is abuzz over the beautiful bandit/killers. Some people actually support them, while most are in fear. One day Manu enters a roadside tire store to get some coffee, leaving Nadine outside. Hearing gunfire, Nadine rushes in to find Manu shot by the owner, whom she kills. Nadine takes Manu\'s body to a forest and burns it, before driving to a beach. With tears in her eyes, Nadine puts the gun to her head, intending to commit suicide, but gets arrested by the police before she can do so.'] ["18-year-old Louise  is stuck in a run-down girls' boarding school and can't bear the thought of being away from her lover, art teacher Matthew, during the half term break. So she stays on at school, ostensibly to do extra work for her exams. But when Matthew's wife, Veronica , who is also the school's headmistress, finds out about the affair, she is driven over the edge and stabs him. Veronica gets rid of Louise by sending her off on an errand while she hides Matthew's body. When Louise returns, she is shocked to find Matthew gone. According to Veronica, she and Matthew need a little time apart to heal their marriage. Trapped in the remote school and haunted by nightmares, Louise finds the vast Victorian building a spooky shell without the other pupils. Late one night, she is awakened by Matthew calling up to her from outside her bedroom window. Scared and excited, Louise rushes to meet him, but it is only as his arms encircle her that she realises her eyes were deceived, and with fatal consequences."] ["The film opens with a voice over describing how the brain begins to shut down at an altitude of 20,000 feet, the human body unable to survive at such heights. A mountaineering group is shown climbing a cliff face in the snow, until an avalanche causes the rigging to break and they fall to their deaths. Alice  is a young American woman from the flat lands living in London who believes she is happy in a secure job and a relationship with her live-in boyfriend. However, after a chance encounter with a mysterious stranger , she seeks him out and the two end up in the backyard having fast and sensuous sex. She returns home to her boyfriend, unsuccessfully attempting to bring out the same feelings between them she had with her stranger. The following day she seeks the stranger out again, discovering his name is Adam - a mountain climber who is considered a hero after a tragic outing where one team lost their lives. She leaves her boyfriend and begins a relationship with Adam. He soon asks Alice to marry him, a proposal she happily accepts, but her newfound happiness is haunted by a series of mysterious phone calls and messages. On the day of their wedding, she receives an unmarked letter warning her against Adam. She ignores it and the two marry. Soon after she begins receiving more letters and begins to wonder about her husband's mysterious past. She becomes even more alarmed when she searches a locked wardrobe and finds a box of old letters from an ex-lover. Alice searching after several leads as to who is sending the warnings and discovers a woman from Adam's past had gone missing. She suspects he had something to do with it and eventually runs from him. She goes to police but they cannot do anything without any evidence. Alice then goes to seek for help with Adam's sister, Deborah, only to find out that she was responsible for the death of his ex-lover. In quite a dramatic turn to the tale, we learn of Deborah's incestuous past with Adam, and her subsequent possessiveness. As she tries to mete the same fate out to Alice, out comes Adam from the snowy perilous night to her rescue. Livid, he dismisses the past on account of their adolescence. Struck and fallen, Deborah makes an attempt at his life, stopped short by Alice's timely intervention, killing her with a fire-pistol. Adam admits to Alice that he and his sister were once together as children, and that he thought that if Alice just trusted him, then everything would be alright. Next morning, Adam is apparently taken away by the Police, betraying no hints of the possibility of their eventual union. Two years later Alice and Adam see one another again on either side of an escalator - she's going down and he's riding up. They both watch each other as they pass without saying anything. Adam stops at the top and turns to stare back at Alice before walking away. The film ends with Alice's voice over recollecting the events in posterity and wondering what might have happened had fate not led her to Adam one morning. She wonders if the passion between them could ever have lasted, and that a girl born in the flat lands could never have survived at 20,000 feet anyway."] ['Gena is a sweet and dedicated mother to her little son. One day, while shopping with him for a Halloween mask, her son is accidentally shot through the chest by a Japanese Gunman, trying to kill an opposing gang of bus operators. Gena notices that the gunman has a picture of a blue tiger on his chest. She is turned into an obsessed person and has an identical red tiger etched into her skin. She then tracks down the killer and plots his death. This leads her into the world of the Japanese Mafia, where she uses her sexual allure and newfound knowledge of the Japanese language to search the tattooed men for the same blue tiger bearer that killed her son.'] ['A successful but unhappy businessman  meets a free-spirited stranger  who tempts him to explore reckless love.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/article/VR1117975838.html?categoryid1|titleFleming|firstVariety|date2008-07-23}}'] ['Victoria is a dealer. She is playing a dangerous game. She is playing into the hands of her husband and his partner, who are dirty cops. Victoria is falling in love with a reporter, who knows all of their secrets.'] ['{{prune}} Raina  tells her best friend, Nichola, that she and her fiance Matt  have been arguing. Nichola &mdash; who happens to be living in a room of the couple\'s beach house &mdash; assures her that it\'s merely "pre-wedding jitters," and voices a recurring line: "Your happily ever after is just around the corner." The two return home, and it\'s not long before Matt and Raina run into yet another argument, resulting in Matt storming from the house in anger. Later that night, Raina awakens and begins to search the house for Matt. She is horrified to encounter him in bed with Nichola, and she storms from the room. The lovers slash her throat in the ensuing struggle. Mortally wounded, Raina stumbles into a pool of water, floating helplessly. Seventeen months pass, and four friends decide to rent out the long-abandoned beach house together, completely unaware of its dark history. The four are couples, and are secretly cheating on each other. This, of course, enrages Raina\'s ghost, and she disposes of the "cheaters" through the creative means of a staircase (DQ , pulling them into the earth (Angie , and even through an explosive lava lamp (Seth  and Jennifer . While the survivors &mdash; including the leading couple, Kirsten  and Oliver  &mdash; desperately try to figure out what\'s happening, they soon find themselves dealing with an eccentric named Murry  who uses their property to "communicate with Raina\'s spirit." Murry reveals that Raina is, indeed, responsible for the deaths. Soon, Kirsten and Oliver find themselves caught between two stories &mdash; one from Matt, and another from the slightly volatile Nichola. Through both stories, it can be surmised that, immediately following the accident, Matt told Nichola to flee to Mexico, promising to come rescue her once the entire problem was resolved. When the police arrived, however, Matt told them that Nichola had inflicted the wound on Raina, and that she had stolen quite a good deal of property. Thus, Nichola was stranded in Mexico and had taken the entire rap for the accident. Angry, she sneaks back over the border to seek revenge. Meanwhile, Kirsten realizes that she has been acting quite strangely, and feels a strange connection to Raina. Murry explains that this is not demonic possession, as it may appear, but Raina is merely making Kirsten feel what she feels. This leads to several instances of Kirsten acting quite strangely. For example, when Nichola tries to explain to the couple her side of the story, an enraged Kirsten blows up on her, and the two scuffle. Also, she has a vision of killing her ex-boyfriend Oliver, as he long ago allegedly cheated on her. This connection is vital to the storyline, as it compels Kirsten and Oliver to solve this problem, not retreat from it. Kirsten and Oliver learn that Raina did not actually die, but is in a coma in a nearby hospital. Soon only Matt, Kirsten, and Oliver remain in the mystery &mdash; as the other characters met certain doom  &mdash; and it is at this point that Raina wakes up. Disoriented, she staggers for the beach house for the final confrontation. In a heated finale, Matt attacks Kirsten, who is saved by Oliver, and Raina is finally able to confront Matt. She utters what became the movie\'s slogan: "All those cheaters...they all deserve to die!" She loses her will to live, and she tears open the skin that has grown over the slash on her neck. Matt falls to the floor soon after, landed on the fire poker that he originally wounded Raina with, and the two die with their fingers interlocked. At the end of the movie, Kirsten and Oliver remain alive and well, and have made amends. Ready to escape this mystery, they depart from the hospital. The movie ends with a plot twist: Nichola is not dead, but in a coma, which she wakes from as the credits roll.'] ['Upon entering a VR machine, Professor Oliver Haddo, a modern Cambridge scholar, becomes possessed by the spirit of the infamous occultist Aleister Crowley, as the machine\'s program has been corrupted by a former follower of Crowley. Resurrected 50 years after his death, Crowley begins his occult practices anew, seeking a new "scarlet bride" whom he can marry in an occult ceremony which will increase his power.'] ['While on a holiday in Mallorca, Spain, Lisa , Kim  and Tammi  meet four young men, Bluey , Josh , Sean  and Marcus . After spending the day at the resort together, the girls are invited to the men\'s yacht where they plan to party out at sea. While aboard the boat, they take drugs and the conversation turns to sex, and in particular, types of sexual acts. Bluey describes a sex act called a "donkey punch" which involves punching the female in the back of the head while having "doggy-style" sex in order to increase the sexual pleasure for the man. Marcus, Bluey, Kim and Lisa go to the master bedrooms where they begin having drug-fuelled sex, watched by Josh who, in the knowledge of all involved, lingers furtively in the darkness, recording the action with a camera. Bluey, who is copulating with Lisa, asks Josh to film the action and then decides to let Josh take a turn. Josh and Lisa then have anal sex. Immediately prior to ejaculation and with Bluey\'s encouragement, Josh donkey punches Lisa but uses excessive force, breaking her neck and killing her instantly. To cover up the incident, the men decide to throw the body overboard while the women want to report it to the authorities, and argument ensues about what to do with the tape. Bluey continually insults Tammi and in a fit of rage, she stabs him in the chest with a penknife, and the women escape in the yacht\'s tender. However, the girls soon realise that the tender\'s outboard motor is missing . In a fit of despair, Tammi fires a flare, attracting the attention of the men. They quickly locate and pick up the women. As the men attempt to get the women aboard, threatening them with a shotgun, Kim shoots a second flare directly at Marcus. The flare explodes into Marcus\'s torso and slowly burns him to death. Josh locks the recaptured women in one of the rooms below. Sean asks Josh to "call in" and request medical assistance for Bluey. However, knowing that Bluey still has the tape that contains footage of him dealing the earlier fatal blow, Josh instead decides to discover its whereabouts by torturing Bluey. He does this by withholding pain numbing drugs from him. Bluey reveals the location of the tape, beneath the bed in the state room. Tammi escapes the room by smashing through the glass door and cutting herself, and overhears Bluey mention where the tape is. She frantically roams the boat trying to locate it. She does this just moments before Josh attempts to retrieve it. Unable to find the tape, Josh returns to Bluey, stepping up the torture by turning his attention to the knife which still protrudes from the wound. Josh ultimately takes this too far and, following Bluey\'s pained protestations that he has already revealed the location, he twists the knife further into the wound before pulling it out, causing Bluey to die. Sean tries to bring the situation under control by retrieving a shotgun from Josh. He then tries to calm both Josh and Tammi from a frantic argument about the whereabouts of the tape. Kim notices Sean holding a shotgun with Josh and Tammi visibly upset from an adjacent room. She misinterprets his intentions towards Tammi and Josh and brutally kills Sean with the propeller of an outboard motor. After realizing her mistake, she manically commits suicide by jumping overboard, leaving Josh and Tammi as the only ones left. A distraught Tammi decides that she cannot remain on the boat any longer. Josh agrees, and readies the tender. His plan is to leave the yacht, get back to shore and claim that there was an accident. As Josh pushes the tender away from the yacht, Tammi quietly takes hold of the end of the mooring rope at the stern. Once the tender has floated some distance from the yacht, Josh pulls his hunting knife from his shorts and points it at Tammi. He demands the incriminating tape from Tammi and, fearing for her life, she obliges, throwing it on the floor of the tender. As a distracted Josh reaches for the tape, Tammi quickly throws the looped end of the mooring rope around his neck. The rope immediately reaches the end of its tether and Josh is wrenched into the sea, snapping his neck and killing him. Tammi, now the sole survivor, fires a distress flare in the hope of being rescued. She then lies down on the tender and morbidly stares up at the night sky, as the raft ambiguously drifts away into the ocean.'] ['Assistant district attorney Dana Greenway conspires with police lieutenant Maria Johnson to go after a serial sexual predator who identifies himself to his victims as "David Hanover," a distinguished photographer. Greenway goes undercover, changing her appearance and passing herself off as a repressed schoolteacher. She eventually encounters Hanover, who seduces her, photographs her nude and causes Lt. Johnson to believe that Greenway might actually have fallen under his spell. Flashbacks to her troubled childhood, including abuse from a father who locked her in a closet, haunt Greenway as she attempts to come to her senses and get the better of Hanover, who clearly intends to humiliate and then kill her.'] ["Aravindan, a college lecturer, falls in love with his student Radha and later marries her. Aravindan had lost his mother at an early age itself. He tries to find his mother in Radha. He didn't even touch his wife with a feeling of lust for this reason. This creates severe problems in his married life. Later, a psychiatrist helps him to return to a normal life."] ["Composer Richard Parker and his wife Priscilla live an ordinary suburban life until they meet their new neighbors Eddy and Kay Otis. The two couples became friends. Kay's talent for blues singing gets Richard's attention, and Eddy is attracted to Priscilla. It becomes clear that Eddy is an scam artist -- he fakes a neck injury after an auto accident for the insurance proceeds, the majority of which he offers to the Parkers as a gift. Eddy chastises Richard for not living dangerously, and suggests they swap mates for an evening. The plot takes a nasty turn when Richard does sleep with Kay  and Kay turns up bludgeoned to death with a baseball bat the next morning. Later it is revealed that Eddy spent the night elsewhere, to establish an airtight alibi. Richard's fingerprints are on the bat  and his semen is found in her body, so he is charged with the crime. Insult is added to injury as Priscilla disowns and divorces Richard due to his infidelity. Eddy soon becomes Priscilla's lover and a substitute father to Richard's child. A distraught Richard finally finds a ray of hope when he discovers that Kay is alive, recognizing her voice singing in a radio talent show. With the help of a private investigator hired by the insurance company from which Eddy is attempting to collect a $1.5 million indemnity claim, Richard tracks her down and learns the truth of how he was betrayed. Kay is guilt-ridden over her part in it, but terrified at Eddy's threat to implicate her if she testifies. Eddy, anticipating what Richard intends to do next, murders Kay and slips away. Implicated in a second murder, Richard must now flee the scene as police sirens approach. Priscilla discovers a forgotten plane ticket Eddy used on the night of the second murder. Now realizing Eddy's guilt, she worries over what to do about it. Richard performs a commando-style raid on Eddy's house, but Eddy, anticipating this move as well, reveals to Priscilla his plan to murder her and shoot Richard as a homicidal intruder. Working together, Richard and Priscilla eventually kill Eddy, using the original murder weapon, the baseball bat. Richard and Priscilla are later seen moving into a very secluded house with no neighbors visible for miles."] ['Mara is married to Vietnam veteran Donny, who has horrible visions and nightmares of his combat experiences. Mara is having an affair with Jake, and the lives of all are disrupted when she meets a mysterious stranger, Reed.'] ['The story may not be linear and exhibits several instances of temporal disruption. A dark-haired woman  escapes her own murder, surviving a car accident on Mulholland Drive. Injured and in shock, she descends into Los Angeles and sneaks into an apartment which an older, red-headed woman has just vacated. An aspiring actress named Betty Elms  arrives at the same apartment and finds the dark-haired woman confused, not knowing her own name. The dark-haired woman assumes the name "Rita" after seeing a poster for the film Gilda , starring Rita Hayworth. To help Rita remember her identity, Betty looks in Rita\'s purse, where she finds a large amount of money and an unusual blue key. In a diner called Winkies, a man tells his companion about a nightmare in which he dreamt there was a horrible figure behind the diner. When they investigate, the figure appears, causing the man with the nightmare to collapse in fright. A Hollywood director named Adam Kesher  has his film commandeered by apparent mobsters, who insist he cast an unknown actress named Camilla Rhodes  as the lead in his film. After he resists, he returns home to find his wife having an affair and is thrown out of his house. He later learns that his bank has closed his line of credit and he is broke. He agrees to meet a mysterious figure called The Cowboy, who urges him to cast Camilla Rhodes for his own good. Later, a bungling hit man  attempts to steal a book full of phone numbers and leaves three people dead. Trying to learn more about Rita\'s accident, Betty and Rita go to Winkies and are served by a waitress named Diane, which causes Rita to remember the name "Diane Selwyn". They find Diane Selwyn in the phone book and call her, but she does not answer. Betty goes to an audition, where her performance is highly praised. A casting agent takes her to the set of a film called The Sylvia North Story, directed by Adam, where Camilla Rhodes gives an audition and Adam declares, "This is the girl." Betty flees before she can meet Adam, saying that she needs to meet a friend. Betty and Rita go to Diane Selwyn\'s apartment and break in when no one answers the door. In the bedroom they find the body of a woman who has been dead for several days. Terrified, they return to their apartment, where Rita disguises herself with a blonde wig. The two women have sex that night and awake at 2 a.m., when Rita insists they go to an eerie theater called Club Silencio. On stage, a man explains in several languages that everything is an illusion; a woman begins singing then collapses, although her vocals continue. Betty finds a blue box in her purse that matches Rita\'s key. Upon returning to the apartment, Rita retrieves the key and finds that Betty has disappeared. Rita unlocks the box, and it falls to the floor with a thump. The older red-headed woman investigates the sound, but nothing is there. The Cowboy appears in the doorway of Diane Selwyn\'s bedroom saying, "Hey, pretty girl. Time to wake up." Diane Selwyn  wakes up in her bed. She looks exactly like Betty, but is portrayed as a failed actress driven into a deep depression by her unrequited love for Camilla Rhodes . On Camilla\'s invitation, Diane attends a party at Adam\'s house on Mulholland Drive. Her limousine stops before they reach the house and Camilla escorts her using a shortcut. Adam appears to be in love with Camilla. Over dinner, Diane states that she came to Hollywood when her aunt died, and she met Camilla at an audition for The Sylvia North Story. Another woman  kisses Camilla and they turn and smile at Diane. Adam and Camilla prepare to make an important announcement, and dissolve into laughter and kiss while Diane watches, crying. Diane meets with the hit man at Winkies, where she gives him Camilla\'s photo and a large amount of money, and they are served by a waitress named Betty. The hit man tells Diane that when the job is done, she will find a blue key. Diane asks what, if anything, the key opens, but the hit man just laughs. Diane looks up and sees the man who had the nightmare standing at the counter. Back at her apartment, with the key on a table in front of her, she is terrorized by hallucinations. She runs screaming to her bed, where she shoots herself. A woman at the club whispers "Silencio".'] ["The film depicts a man, the photographer David, and woman, his Russian girlfriend Katja, who venture into the desert town of Twentynine Palms to search for nature motives for a photo shooting. Katja hardly speaks English and David no Russian so that they have to communicate in French which both speak only a little. As the verbal communication is limited due to the language problems their non-verbal communication is much more intensive. They often get into fights but reconcile by having sex. The sex scenes are clearly shown and filmed naturalistically. One day, both are again out in the desert, they are rammed by a white pickup truck. Three men violently pull them out of the car. One of them rapes David in front of Katja's eyes before they leave. Later in the hotel room David kills Katja with a knife. The film ends with showing a police man who finds David dead in the desert. The film stars Yekaterina Golubeva and David Wissak."] ["The film opens as detectives Kyle Bodine  and Lamar Dickey  investigate a murder scene. Bodine tutors Dickey in the ways of homicide investigations, stressing that all murderers make stupid mistakes, which is how they get caught. At a local bar, Bodine propositions Rachel Munro  who blows him off. Rachel is married to wealthy banker Rupert Munro . Back at home, she gets drunk as she looks at a private investigator's photos of Rupert making love to one of his employees, Adele. Rupert is intimidating and emotionally abusive towards Rachel, who decides to give in to Kyle's advances and start an affair with him. At one point, the lovers row out on a lake at night. Kyle points out the large full moon and says that his mother called it a China Moon, because it looks like a giant china dish. His mother thought a China Moon made people do crazy things. The couple go skinny dipping in the lake. Their affair quickly picks up steam, and Kyle urges Rachel to divorce Rupert. Soon after, Kyle and Lamar are called to the Munro's on a domestic disturbance complaint. They find Rachel badly beaten. Rupert is callously arrogant, dismissing his violence towards his wife as trivial. Kyle warns Rupert to leave her alone. Later that night, Rachel drives to Kyle's trailer and fantasizes about killing Rupert. She explains that she has bought a 9mm gun. She says that she could take a trip to Miami, drive back one night and kill him. Then she could return to her trip unseen, using it as an alibi. Kyle tries to talk her down, but she flees in a panic. Rachel arrives at a hotel in Miami, and the concierge hands her an envelope which contains the picture of a rental car and its keys. Later, she leaves the hotel at night, without noticing Adele sitting in the lobby. She gets in the rental car and drives back to her home. Meanwhile, Adele enters her hotel room. Instead of driving home, Rachel drives to Kyle's trailer, and he agrees to drive her home to get her things. He waits in the car as she packs a suitcase. Kyle does not see Rupert returning home, and when Rupert encounters Rachel in the act of leaving him, he flies into a rage. She gets her 9mm gun and shoots him twice in self defense. She stops Kyle from calling the police because she points out that she drove back from Miami without checking out of her hotel, just like her murder fantasy. She knows she would look guilty, and Kyle agrees to help her cover her tracks. Using his skills as a homicide detective, he helps her carefully clear the crime scene, even removing the bullets from the wall, spackling over the holes and painting them. They dump Rupert's body in the same lake where they first made love. Back at the house, Kyle turns on the humidifiers to erase any of his fingerprints. Rachel returns to the hotel in Miami and has brunch by the pool the next morning. When she returns home, she sticks to Kyle's plan and calls Rupert's bank. Rupert's secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work, and Rachel reports him missing to the police. Kyle and Lamar are assigned to the case. During their interviews with Rachel, Lamar is highly skeptical of her story, pointing out all its inconsistencies. As they shoot the breeze at Rachel's house, Lamar casually hypothesizes that Rachel killed Rupert with the help of one of her many boyfriends. He tells Kyle that Rachel is well known for wrapping men around her finger, and that, with the millions she would inherit from Rupert, it was highly likely that she got one of her boyfriends to help her kill Rupert and dispose of his body. Lamar starts to unnerve Kyle, who begins to doubt Rachel is telling him the truth. Lamar gets a tip about a car being out at the lake on the night of the murder. The police divers find Rupert's body. During the autopsy, the coroner extracts a bullet from Rupert's chest. Lamar takes the bullet and hands it to Kyle, saying that it looks like a .38. The detectives confirm that it is a .38, which is the caliber of gun that Kyle carries. During his first date with Rachel, she had inquired about the caliber of his gun. Back at the Munro house, Kyle discovers the photos of Rupert and Adele in Rachel's wardrobe. The crime scene technician discovers a bullet hole in the wall, and the extracted bullet is also a .38. Kyle is summoned to a meeting with his supervisor, who suspends him pending an investigation in to his involvement with the case. He orders Kyle to surrender his pistol. Later that day, Lamar arrives at Kyle's trailer and asks him to come in for some more questioning. The pistol he surrendered did not match the serial number on his service weapon. Sitting in the back seat of Lamar's car, Kyle fixates on a compass that sits on Lamar's dashboard. After a second, more forceful interrogation with his supervisor and Lamar, Kyle returns home and re-examines the pictures he discovered at Rachel's. He identifies Lamar's dashboard compass in the bottom of the frame of one of the pictures. Adele meets with Lamar, and he pays her for her part in the scheme, after she shows him a ticket to prove that she is leaving town. He promises to pay her the rest of her share once he has received his cut. Kyle sneaks into Rachel's house and confronts her about the scheme. She confesses that Rupert was going to leave her with nothing, and that Lamar had concocted the scheme to make sure she inherited all of Rupert's fortune. She swears that, despite the fact that Lamar had designated Kyle as the fall guy, she had fallen in love with him. Kyle orders her to set up a meeting with Lamar at the bar where they met. At the bar, Kyle confronts Lamar. He confirms that Lamar had switched out the 9mm bullet for a .38 during the coroner inquest. He asks Lamar where his service revolver is, and Lamar says it is in his car. Kyle forces Lamar out to his car at gunpoint to retrieve the .38. The bartender sees Kyle's gun at Lamar's back and calls the police. They arrive as Kyle is searching for his pistol underneath the driver's seat in Lamar's car. Lamar calls out to the police that Kyle has a gun, and they open fire, killing Kyle. A distraught Rachel runs over to Kyle as he lays dying. She picks up the .38 and kills Lamar."] ["The story follows Tim, Chris and Rand who are campus roommates. After hearing of a school policy, which says that anyone whose roommate commits suicide gets an automatic 4.0 GPA , Tim and Chris plot to kill Rand and make it look like suicide. After the suicide, Rand's girlfriend Natalie  is distraught and commits suicide as well. The story takes several plot twists as each persons motives come to light and the truth is revealed. The film was screened at the Sundance Film Festival but then went directly to video.{{Citation needed}}"] ['Chon is an engineering student living in a rented house in Bangkok with his sister, Aye. Chon is having bad dreams, in which he is visited by a ghostly woman who appears to have been dismembered and put back together. He also sees a misshapen black cat and occasionally sees a fetus. Chon sometimes finds himself in places, such as a musical performance, and cannot remember how he got there. After Chon slices his finger open while cleaning some prawns for dinner , Chon\'s medical student sister Aye takes him to the hospital. Chon is eventually referred to a Dr. Usa for psychiatric treatment. It becomes apparent to Dr. Usa that there is some connection between Chon, herself and her increasingly distant husband, Dr. Sethee. In the course of Usa\'s investigation, she discovers there is a connection between her husband and a mysterious university lecturer, Dr. Dararai, who possesses supernatural powers of hypnosis. Meanwhile, Chon continues to have bad dreams, and they are becoming increasingly horrifying and real. He is repeatedly drawn to a spare room in his house, and when he opens the door, he sees a man chopping up a body. When the man turns his head to look at Chon, the man\'s face is Chon\'s. It turns out to be another dream and after discovering that Dararai has gone missing he realises that Dararai is dead and communicating with him, Dararai asks him to find her. A teaching assistant whom Usa questioned about Dararai ends up being killed in a gruesome accident involving barbed wire around a university museum exhibit. A young doctor also meets his end in a vat of acid after talking to Chon about Dararai. Chon comes to the conclusion that whoever tells of Dararai\'s disappearance is killed and tries to stop the killings, but is always too late. Back at their rented house Chon is being tormented by Dararai again who constantly says "find me" and now discovers a secret room in the house  which he suspected earlier behind a cupboard and discovers burnt photos of Dararai and Sethee in what seems to be an intimate relationship. It now emerges that Sethee had an affair with Dararai and that Dararai took photos of themselves in bed with each other. Dararai wanted to blackmail Sethee with the photos or tell Usa and as a result Sethee met up with Dararai, drugged her drink, injected her with a paralysing liquid and chopped her to pieces . Chon is about to tell Usa that her husband has killed Dararai but while at her house he is again attacked by Dararai\'s ghost who says she will kill his sister, enraged Chon stabs her with a pole in front of Usa and Sethee\'s daughter May. After seeing May  he leaves to find his sister. These events between Usa, Chon, Sethee and Dararai lead to the university hospital\'s morgue, and body number 19. Chon goes to the morgue and discovers that the body in the morgue, which is in drawer 19, is actually Chon\'s body. Chon has, in fact, died a couple of years ago and Sethee who has a multiple personality disorder believes that he is Chon when in reality he has killed the teaching assistant, the doctor and has stabbed his own wife Usa who he believed was Dararai\'s ghost when he was believing he was Chon. He is arrested but because of his mental health issues his trial is put on hold. A flashback occurs back to the scene when he is about to drug Dararai\'s drink. Its revealed that Dararai was aware that Sethee has drugged her drink hypnotises him and gives him a multiple personality disorder. The flashback finishes and he is being escorted to prison in a van with his Lawyers in the van. He escapes out of the van and runs from the police and lawyers, He runs in front of another van that is carrying metal poles on top. The van stops in time and doesn\'t run over Sethee but the metal poles are flung off the van and they all hit and impale Sethee. He is left on the road with lots of metal poles pieced inside him. The last scene shows Sethee in hospital being operated on, he is unconscious but suddenly Dararai\'s ghost appears and it turns out her ghost wasn\'t part of Sethees mental mind but was real and was manipulating Sethee. She finally reveals that she forgives him and after clicking her fingers his mind goes back to normal but this makes Sethee conscious again and wakes him up halfway through his operation leaving him screaming in pain as Dararai disappears and the ending credits show.'] ['Pinocchio 964 is a memory-wiped sex slave who is thrown out by his owners for failure to maintain an erection. It is unclear in what ways he has been modified beyond having no memory and being unable to communicate. He is discovered by Himiko while wandering aimlessly through the city. Himiko has also been memory-wiped, possibly by the same company that produced Pinocchio, but she is fully functional. Himiko spends her days drawing maps of the city, to aid other memory-wiped people. Himiko takes Pinocchio home and tries to teach him to speak. After much effort he has a breakthrough and finally becomes aware of his situation. At this point his body erupts in an inexplicable metamorphosis and it becomes clear that his modifications were much more involved and esoteric than simple memory loss. Himiko also begins to transform, though in a much more subtle manner.'] ["Gloria  is the spoiled daughter of a Brazilian businessman who is bankrupt. Her father asks her to take Marcos , the son of her father's business partner, out for a swim in the ocean. She does so, using her father's yacht and accompanied by her boyfriend Danny  and their buddy Jeffrey . Gloria is caught kissing Marcos. Danny is jealous and throws Marcos in the water with a life preserver. To scare Marcos, he then drives the boat to a distant island. When they return to where they left him, Marcos has disappeared. Afraid of the consequences of his possible drowning, they discuss alibis and try to figure a way out of their predicament, first destroying their relationships and then themselves."] ["Joe One-Way  is serving a life sentence for the passion murder of his teenage bride Kimba . At the urging of his cellmate Clinique , he composes the play White Man: Black Hole about his crime. Joe had been incarcerated 18 years, before Hollywood agent Markie Mark , who wishes to make a film of the play, arranges that Joe gets an early release from prison. Wanting to create a great deal of media buzz, he brings Joe into the his offices to rewrite the stage play in order to give it greater audience appeal. There, Joe meets Fleur , Markie's arm candy. Learning she had been a fan of his for some time, the two begin a torrid affair. Joe then searches for a way to reconcile the crime for which he had never forgiven himself."] ["The film is loosely based on Fritz Leiber's 1949 story of the same name, about a pinup girl as a psychic vampire. A fashion model in the 1930s, who owns an Art Deco Miami hotel, kills herself when her fiancé is unfaithful to her. Sixty years later she returns to life as a vampire."] ['Julian  gets a call from his friend Terry  who explains to him that he had earlier that day received a call that his fiancée, June , has cancelled her flight. Terry had followed her and discovered that she had checked out a room in a local hotel, after which Terry rents out the room across the hall from June believing she is cheating on him. Terry explains to Julian that, earlier that evening, he had gone to Julian\'s house, and finding him not home, broke in and stole Julian\'s gun, and that he is now "about to fuck up." Worried that Terry is about to kill someone, Julian tries to reason with Terry on the phone not to do anything, but after having no success, he tells Terry to stay where he is and wait until he meets him at the hotel in about 20 minutes. During the film, it is revealed that June had canceled her flight because of Julian and that they were cheating behind Terry\'s back. Terry finds this out when he kills June and tries to call Julian, whose cell phone was still in the hotel room that June and Julian cheated in. Terry tricks Julian into helping move June, framing him for killing her while the police storm the hotel.'] ['Corky , an ex-con who has just finished a five-year jail sentence, arrives at an apartment building to start work as a painter and plumber. On her way up to the apartment, she encounters the couple who live next-door, Violet  and Caesar . After Caesar has gone out, Violet flirts with Corky and asks her to help retrieve an earring that has fallen down her sink. After Corky extracts the earring, Violet admits she lost it on purpose in order to get closer to Corky, and starts to seduce her. They are interrupted by the arrival of Caesar and Corky goes back to work. When she leaves for the day, Violet follows her to her truck. They go to Corky\'s apartment and have sex. The next morning, Violet tells Corky that Caesar is a money launderer for the Mafia and they have been together for five years. Later, Violet overhears Caesar and his Mafia associates beating and torturing Shelly , a man who has been skimming money from the business. Upset by the violence and cruelty, Violet seeks solace from Corky. She tells Corky that she wants to make a new life for herself, but that she needs her help. Knowing that Caesar will find the nearly $2 million Shelly took and count it in their apartment, the two women hatch a scheme to steal the money. Corky, already wary of Violet\'s intentions, is unsure whether to trust her. Shelly is shot and killed by Johnnie , the son of Mafia boss Gino Marzonne , and Caesar returns to the apartment with a bag of bloody money. Angry at Johnnie for killing Shelly in a fit of rage and splattering blood everywhere, Caesar proceeds to wash, iron and hang the money to dry. Violet explains to Corky that Caesar and Johnnie hate each other, and that Gino and Johnnie will be coming to pick up the money from Caesar. The plan is as follows: When Caesar has finished counting the money, Violet will get him a drink to relax him before he showers. Corky will be next-door, waiting until she hears Caesar turn on the shower. When he does, Violet will drop the bottle of Scotch that is for Gino and tell Caesar that she is going to buy more. As she leaves the apartment, she will let Corky in, who will steal the money from a briefcase and leave. Violet will then return with the Scotch and tell Caesar that she just saw Johnnie leaving, but that Gino was not with him. Suspicious, Caesar will check the briefcase, find the money gone, and assume Johnnie has taken it. Corky and Violet think Caesar will be forced to skip town because Gino will assume he has been robbed by Caesar, not his son. Everything goes as planned until Caesar finds the money gone. He realizes that if he runs, Gino will think he took the money. He decides he has to get the money back from Johnnie. Panicking, Violet threatens to leave. Caesar pulls out his gun and forces her to stay, thinking that maybe she and Johnnie have stolen the money and framed him. Corky waits next-door with the money while Gino and Johnnie arrive. After watching Johnnie flirt with Violet and taunt him, Caesar pulls out a gun and tells Gino that his son stole the money. In an angry panic, he kills them both. He tells Violet that they have to find the money, dispose of the bodies, and pretend Gino and Johnnie never arrived, lest their Mafia pals find the money or men missing. Unable to find the money at Johnnie\'s apartment, Caesar telephones Mickey , a Mafia friend, telling him that Gino has yet to arrive. After discovering Corky and Violet stole the money, Caesar ties them up, gags them, threatens to torture them, and demands to know where it is. When Mickey arrives to see what is going on, Caesar tells him Gino was in a car accident and Mickey leaves for the hospital. Corky tells Caesar where she has hidden the money, and he goes next-door to find it. Violet escapes and makes a phone call to Mickey, telling him that Caesar stole the money and forced her to keep quiet. In the meantime, Corky tries to stop Caesar from taking the money, but he beats her to the ground. Just as he is about to kill her, Violet arrives and pulls a gun on Caesar, telling him that Mickey is on his way and that he should run while he can. Caesar tells Violet that he knows she will not shoot him, to which she replies, "Caesar, you don\'t know shit", before killing him. Later, Mickey, who believes Violet\'s story, tells her that he will find Caesar, and that there is no need to involve the police. Mickey wants Violet to be his girlfriend, but she tells him that she needs a clean break—which she makes by driving off hand-in-hand with Corky.'] ['James Ballard , a film producer, and his wife, Catherine , are in an open marriage. The couple engage in various infidelities, but between them have only unenthusiastic sex. Their arousal is heightened by discussing the intimate details of their extramarital sex. While driving home from work late one night, Ballard\'s car collides head-on with another, killing its male passenger. While trapped in the fused wreckage, the driver, Dr. Helen Remington , wife of the killed passenger, exposes a breast to Ballard when she pulls off the shoulder harness of her seat belt. While recovering, Ballard meets Remington again, as well as a man named Vaughan , who takes a keen interest in the brace holding Ballard\'s shattered leg together and photographs it. While leaving the hospital, Remington and Ballard begin an affair, one primarily fueled by their shared experience of the car crash . In an attempt to make some sense of why they are so aroused by their car wreck, they go to see one of Vaughan\'s cult meetings/performance pieces, an actual recreation of the car crash that killed James Dean with authentic cars and stunt drivers. When Transport Ministry officials break up the event Ballard flees with Remington and Vaughan. Ballard becomes one of Vaughan\'s followers who fetishise car accidents, obsessively watching car safety test videos and photographing traffic accident sites. Ballard drives Vaughan\'s Lincoln convertible around the city while Vaughan picks up and uses street prostitutes, and later Ballard\'s wife. In turn, Ballard has a dalliance with one of the other group members, Gabrielle , a beautiful woman whose legs are clad in restrictive steel braces, and who has a vulva-like scar on the back of one of her thighs, which is used as a substitute for a vagina by Ballard. The film\'s sexual couplings in  cars are not restricted to heterosexual experiences. While watching videos of car crashes, Remington becomes extremely aroused and gropes the crotches of both Ballard and Gabrielle, suggesting an imminent ménage à trois. In fact, Vaughan and Ballard eventually turn towards each other and have a homosexual encounter while later, Gabrielle and Remington have a lesbian affair. Though Vaughan claims at first that he is interested in the "reshaping of the human body by modern technology," in fact his project is to live out the philosophy that the car crash is a "fertilising rather than a destructive event, mediating the sexuality of those who have died with an intensity that\'s impossible in any other form." The film\'s climax begins with Vaughan\'s death and ends with Ballard being involved in another semi-deliberate car accident, this one involving his wife. Their fetish for car crashes has, ironically enough, had a strengthening effect on the Ballards\' marriage. As he caresses her bruised body in the grass median near the accident, Ballard and his wife display much more affection for each other than they had previously, ending with Ballard lamenting, "Maybe next time" possibly implying that the logical end result of their extreme fetish is death.'] ["Julia Robbins  is an emerging fashion designer returning home to Los Angeles after a sales trip in northern California. She passes a hitchhiker named Trey  on her way back to the 5. During lunch at a diner, she notices a mysterious man eating by himself. The hitchhiker enters the diner, and they make eye contact. Outside, he asks her for a ride, but Julia declines. As she drives off, she notices a flat tire. Trey fixes it for her, and she decides to give him a ride. At a motel that night, she offers him a ride into L.A. in the morning. He asks to sleep in her car. Instead, she ushers him into her room, and they spend the night together. At Oki Dog in West Hollywood, Julia drops the drifter off, and indicates that she wants to leave things at a one night stand. At her apartment, her boyfriend Arthur  is waiting for her. Julia is guilt-ridden over the affair, confessing what happened to her friend Matty . Eventually, Trey calls Julia at home and asks to see her. She declines, but he calls her again at work. Unnerved at how he has been able to track her down, Julia agrees to meet him back at Oki Dog, where he insists that they must be together. Julia reaffirms her wish to be left alone, but Trey shows up at her office in another attempt to win her back. Finally, when she notices a knife in one of her car tires, she goes to the police for help. She meets with Detective Morrison , and explains how Trey will not leave her alone. Meanwhile, Arthur meets with a private investigator, who turns out to be the mysterious man from the diner. He has been trailing Julia, and he breaks the news of her affair to Arthur. The detective makes some cryptic remarks to Arthur about killing women. Later, at Julia's apartment, she discovers Matty dead in her bed. She goes to Morrison again, begging for help. Arthur collects her from the police station and takes her to his house. In the climax to the film, Julia finds Arthur dead in his study from a gunshot to the head. The mysterious detective emerges from hiding and attacks her, binding her hands. He eventually explains that he was snooping on Julia at her apartment when Matty showed up, and he had to kill her to cover his tracks. Arthur was not comfortable with the murder, and the detective killed Arthur to prevent him from going to the police. Intent on killing Julia to complete his cover up, they are surprised by Trey. The detective shoots Trey but does not kill him. Trey eventually wakes up and subdues the detective. Morrison arrives at the house and kicks in the front door, with his gun drawn. Thinking that he will shoot Trey, Julia cries out to stop him. A shot rings out, but Morrison has killed the detective, who had drawn a hidden pistol and was about to kill Julia. The film ends with a shot of Julia and Trey together on a beach with her cat at their feet."] ['In an animated introduction a man hides in a nagamochi to scare his wife but he is locked in and can hardly breathe. When his wife comes home he manages to make a noise and she saves him. We now then enter a live action world where Poe-inspired mystery writer Edogawa Rampo  has written a book about a woman who has killed her husband by locking him in a nagamochi. The book is banned by the government who claim the work to be too disturbing. He is asked to burn his manuscript. However, after burning his paper drafts, his publisher shows him a newspaper story with an account of events just like his forbidden story. After spying on the woman concerned, who is labeled as a murderer, he decides to visit her store. Shizuko  offers him her own music box for free as he has showed interest in it. He later stalks her to a shrine where he admits following her and she asks him to go away. She later asks him to meet her at the shrine. She\'s sorry and has read his book and was impressed while he again excuses for his stalking behaviour. She is then picked up by a taxi and he avidly follows her with another taxi. Here his younger literary alter ego Kogoro Akechi  picks up the story. Akechi finds out Shizuko has an affair with a duke in a Dracula-like castle located at the sea on a cliff. He decides to pay this duke a secret visit by "experimenting" with parachute jumping. He lands in a pack of biting hunting dogs the duke directs at him. The duke sucks out his arm wound and then invites him home to treat the wound. They have dinner together and here he sees Shizuko serving him an aphrodisiac. Akeshi observes the duke while he\'s horse-riding, cross-dressing and smearing his facial make up all over her naked back and projecting a stag film on her body. During an evening party he frightens the guests with a recital of a text of Poe - accompanied with images of war: the film gets stuck at the end of the text, burning the film depicting a the face of a corpse. The next day he follows with another piece of "entertainment" by committing suicide with his white horse, running of the cliff. Edogawa Rampo returns to the story as he finds out about the castle and tries to enter the room where Akeshi is willingly - he needs no instructions from his writer - entering the nagamochi Shizuko has opened from him. As Rampo navigates through the castle the layers of fantasy and reality start to merge into one cosmic flashback occurring before and after he gets into the room where Shizuko commits suicide before Akeshi can get out of the nagamochi. Rampo holds Shizuko in his arms.'] ["Alberta leaves her small hometown to move in the city, and moves in with her former babysitter, Celene, who is now a professional dominatrix. Out of money, Alberta decides to impersonate her roommate's identity, lured by the 300$/hour pay rate. While working her first client, Paul, three men break in the house, believing Paul stole half a million dollars from them. Paul defends himself, saying whatever money he has he won at the casino. Alberta flees the scene, grabbing Paul's money on her way out, which leads the robbers to believe she's involved with the theft as well. For the rest of the movie, Alberta and Celene are now trying to deal with the resulting mess."] ['The Hour of the Pig is set in 15th-century France and is based upon the career and case files of Bartholomew Chassenee, an actual lawyer of the time who served as an advocate for animals who were accused of crimes.Kadri, Sadakat; "The Trial: A History from Socrates to O.J. Simpson" HarperCollins, 3 July 2006 Animals were subject to the same civil laws and penalties as human beings under French law, 1403–1596. Richard Courtois  and his clerk Mathieu  have left the decadence of Paris in order to practise Law in what they believe to be a quiet rural village, Abbeville, in the province of Ponthieu. Courtois quickly becomes involved in a number of back-logged cases. For his first case, he defends a farmer who is accused of killing his wife\'s lover. Courtois gets him acquitted . In his next case, Courtois fails to save Jeannine, a woman accused of witchcraft. He asks for rats to be called as witnesses to testify that she did not bribe them to infect her neighbour; when the rats do not appear the following day as summoned, this charge is struck off. However, Courtois overlooks a trivial difference between Roman law and the Ponthieu law and she is sentenced to be hanged anyway. As she is led away she tells Courtois, "There is darkness all about you, you can bring the light. Look to the boy, maître. Look to the boy." At her execution, Jeannine says she will not curse the town but blesses it, saying a fine Knight will arrive and deliver them from their lying and evil. Courtois takes on a case defending a pig that is accused of killing a young Jewish boy. The pig, however, belongs to a band of Moors  passing through town. Two of the Moors, Mahmoud  and his sister Samira , appeal to Courtois to save the pig, as it is their only source of food for the coming winter. Courtois declines. Samira later enters Courtois\'s room at night and quietly strips off, offering her body in exchange for his services, but he declines her offer, and the next day offers her enough money to purchase two pigs; she refuses the offer. As Courtois delves deeper into the case and becomes more involved with Samira, he discovers that there is more at work than a simple murder. His work is brought to the attention of Seigneur Jehan d\'Auferre , who has his own designs on Courtois. Soon, Courtois finds that he is being used as a pawn in a complicated game of sociopolitical intrigue that extends beyond mere racism and corruption. The Seigneur subtly offers to bribe Courtois, also hinting that his daughter Filette is available in marriage. The Seigneur\'s son and daughter are eccentric to the point of insanity. The son\'s main hobby seems to be torturing birds. Courtois\'s relationship with Samira becomes common knowledge. The Seigneur decides to sit in at the court and uses this knowledge to threaten Courtois into letting the pig be executed. Just as the case seems to be over, the Advent festival begins and the case is adjourned. The prosecutor Pincheon  tells Courtois that he moved from Paris to Ponthieu as Courtois did, in order to shine in a village in a way he could not in Paris. He urges Courtois to go back to Paris and not waste his life amongst ignorant superstitious people. The skeleton of another Jewish boy who went missing over a year ago is found while Courtois\'s house is being built. Courtois now suspects a human serial killer is at large and the pig has been framed. On Christmas Day, Samira performs for a gathering of notables at the Seigneur\'s chateau. She is almost arrested for drawing a knife on the Seigneur\'s son after he pours wine down her blouse. Courtois boldly leads her away. That night, he rescues a boy from a masked horseman who is wielding an axe. Courtois confronts the Seigneur, telling him his son is the killer. The Seigneur does not deny it and reveals that his son has left for England to be treated. At the trial, the pig is acquitted when Valliere, the farmer Courtois saved in his first case at Abbeville, brings in a replica pig which he claims absconded at the time of the killing. As Courtois leaves, he sees a Knight arriving just as Jeannine had foretold. After he has left, the Knight goes to a room and takes off his armour to reveal that he bears the characteristic buboes of the Black Death.'] ['{{more plot}} Carson Wheetly , the son of a millionaire car racer named Ted Wheetly , finds himself tangled up in a game of seduction and murder after a raunchy night with three beautiful women: Rachel Thomas , Brandi Cox  and Linda Dobson .'] ['Mercenary thief Laure Ash  participates in a diamond heist in Cannes. The plan is for Laure to steal valuable diamonds from the ensemble of a female attendant named Veronica  while in the middle of seducing her, during which her accomplices "Black Tie"  and Racine  provide various support. However, Laure instead double-crosses her accomplices and escapes to Paris with the diamonds. In Paris, a series of events causes Laure to be mistaken for her own doppelgänger, a missing Parisian woman named "Lily"  who had recently disappeared. While Laure luxuriates in a tub in Lily\'s home, the real Lily returns and commits suicide while Laure secretly watches, leaving Laure the opportunity to take her identity for good and leave the country to America. Seven years later, Laure  resurfaces in Paris as the wife of Bruce Watts, the new American ambassador to France . After arriving in France, a Spanish paparazzo named Nicolas Bardo  takes her picture. The picture is displayed around Paris, and Black Tie spots Bardo\'s photo while in the middle of killing Veronica by throwing her into the path of a speeding truck. With Laure exposed to her vengeful ex-accomplishes, she decides to frame Bardo for her own  kidnapping. Bardo is further manipulated by Laure into following through with the "kidnapping", and in the process, begin a sexual relationship. The pair eventually meet with Bruce for an exchange, however, Bardo has a crisis of conscience at the last moment and sabotages the scheme. In retaliation, Laure executes both Bardo and Bruce, only to be surprised by her ex-accomplices afterward, whom promptly throw Laure off a bridge to her seeming death. In an extended twist ending, the entirety of the movie\'s events after Laure enters the tub in Lily\'s home are revealed to be a dream. Laure spies Lily entering the home as before, but this time stops her from committing suicide. Seven years later, Laure and Veronica, who is revealed to have been Laure\'s partner all along, chat about the success of their diamond caper. Black Tie and Racine arrive seeking revenge, but they are killed by the same truck that killed Veronica in Laure\'s dream. Bardo, witnessing all these events, introduces himself to Laure, swearing that he has met her before, with Laure replying "Only in my dreams".'] ["John Buckingham , a lonely St Albans bank clerk, orders a mail-order bride Nadia  from Russia on the Internet. John is uncomfortable and shy, but Nadia is sexually bold. Though Nadia cannot speak English and John cannot speak Russian, they soon bond. Later on, a man she introduces as her cousin Yuri  and his friend Alexei  turn up to celebrate her birthday. Alexei soon shows that he has a temper. After a violent altercation, Alexei holds Nadia hostage and demands a ransom from John. John has grown to care for Nadia and is forced to steal from the bank where he has worked for ten years. After the ransom is paid, he realises that he has been the victim of an elaborate con. Nadia, Yuri, and Alexei are criminals, and Alexei is actually Nadia's boyfriend. John learns that the trio have carried out the same scam on men from Switzerland and Germany, among others. They take him prisoner, strip him down to his underpants, and tie him to a toilet in a motel. He eventually manages to free himself and quickly learns that Nadia has been left behind after Alexei discovered she was pregnant. John gets dressed and subsequently gets into a scrap with Nadia, who later reveals that she can indeed speak English and that her name is not Nadia. John takes Nadia to turn her into the police - hoping to clear his name as a wanted bank robber. Ultimately, however, he sympathises with her and decides against it. He leaves her at the airport, where she is kidnapped by Alexei – who now wants Nadia to have the baby. John rescues her, tying Alexei to a chair. They make common cause against the two Russian men. Nadia informs John that her real name is Sophia. John, disguised as Alexei, leaves for Russia with Sophia."] ["Maggie Rohrer  is a seductive con-artist scamming the rich in Miami Beach. When she picks the wrong mark, Jack Shanks , he blackmails her into working with him on the ultimate scam in Jamaica. He wants to use her talents in a much-bigger scam: ripping off a crime lord by getting at his programmer's computer files. But she starts to have doubts about what he's really after when she finds a huge stash of loot with the disks. He claims no knowledge of the money, she distrusts him, he's using her, things start getting dangerous and even murderous - and then her boyfriend shows up. When the scam turns deadly, murder and double-cross become the only way to finish their dangerous game."] ['Gerard Reve , an alcoholic, bisexual novelist, leaves Amsterdam to deliver a lecture at the Vlissingen Literary Society. There, he becomes sexually involved with its attractive treasurer, Christine Halslag , who is alternately described as a witch, black widow, Delilah and the Devil. The Virgin Mary appears to him in visions to show that he is targeted as her fourth victim. Mary says, "Anyone given a warning must listen to it." Gerard listens and his life is spared. He passes on the warning to Herman, Christine\'s other lover, who ignores it, thinking that Gerard is trying to scare him off so that he can have Christine for himself. The movie ends with Herman\'s death, Christine\'s selection of a fifth victim and Gerard\'s future uncertain.'] ["When two men are killed while watching television, Sergeant Peckham is sent from vice squad to homicide to investigate. She has her boyfriend, police psychologist David Stratton assist her. Soon they both become involved with Felicity, an amnesiac who keeps having a recurring nightmare where she kills her lovers. They both soon start to realize Felicity's involvement with their case."] ['A high school guidance counselor, Sam Lombardo, is accused of rape by two female students, Kelly Van Ryan and Suzie Toller, and hires lawyer Kenneth Bowden to defend him. At trial, Suzie admits that she and Kelly had made the whole thing up to get revenge on Lombardo: Suzie for him leaving her in jail and Kelly for him having an affair with her wealthy socialite mother, Sandra. Kelly\'s mother is humiliated by the scandal, and Lombardo and Bowden negotiate a hefty settlement for defamation. It is revealed that Lombardo and the two girls had been working and sleeping together, and planned to split the money. Police detective Ray Duquette tells both Kelly and Suzie that Lombardo transferred the money to an off-shore account. Suzie starts to panic and goes to Kelly for help; Kelly assures Suzie that they can trust each other, but separately tells Lombardo over the phone that they may have to get rid of her. Suzie overhears this and attacks Kelly in the pool. Both girls fight, but eventually end up having sex in the pool, all witnessed by Duquette. A few nights later, Kelly and Lombardo take an intoxicated Suzie to the beach. Lombardo is seen raising a bottle, and then Suzie is heard screaming. After wrapping the body in plastic, they throw it in the trunk of the car and drive out to the swamp, where Lombardo disposes of it. Suzie is reported missing by her family the next day and Duquette and his partner, Gloria, are called in. Suzie\'s blood and teeth are later found on the beach and her car is found at the bus terminal. After seeing his continued investigation, his superior insists that he drop the case. Regardless, he goes to Kelly\'s house to confront her. When he arrives, Kelly tries to seduce him and then she appears to attack him, shooting him in the arm, leaving him no choice but to kill her in self-defense. No charges are filed against Duquette, but he is fired and loses his pension. Later, it is revealed that Lombardo and Duquette had been working together the entire time. Although Lombardo is not pleased that Duquette killed Kelly instead of framing her as originally planned, Duquette insists that it leaves fewer loose ends. The two agree to go fishing on Lombardo\'s sailboat the following day. Once they are at sea, Lombardo knocks Duquette overboard, but he is able to climb back aboard and attack Lombardo. However, he is shot in the leg with a spear by Suzie, who is still alive. She shoots and kills Duquette as revenge for killing her friend, Davie, years before. Suzie then poisons Lombardo with a drink she poured for him and knocks him overboard, leaving him to drown. It is then revealed that Suzie had planned the whole thing in order to get all the money and revenge on both Lombardo and Duquette: Lombardo for leaving her in jail and Duquette for killing her friend Davie. Suzie had discovered that Lombardo and Kelly were sleeping together, and used it to her advantage. As for Kelly\'s death, she had not attacked Duquette as he had claimed. In reality, when she tried to escape the guest house when he entered, he punched her to incapacitate her then broke into the gun case and shot her twice with his gun. He then used her hand to shoot himself in the shoulder with her gun. Bowden meets with Suzie and tells her how the money had been divided. She kisses him on the cheek and as she walks off, Bowden tells her to "be good."'] ["Connie Sumner  and Edward Sumner  are a couple who live in suburban New York City. Their marriage is solid and loving but lacking passion. One day, Connie journeys into the city, where she is caught in a windstorm. As she seeks a taxi, she bumps into a stranger . They both fall and Connie scrapes her knees. The stranger offers to let her use his apartment to clean up. The stranger introduces himself as Paul Martel, a Frenchman who buys and sells used books. When Martel makes small advances toward her, Connie becomes uncomfortable and decides to leave. He lets her go but gives her a book of Persian poetry, Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam as a gift. Later that night, Connie mentions the incident to her husband. The next morning, she visits Paul's apartment where they share coffee and discuss literature, but she gets scared and leaves when he tries to engage her physically. Unable to stop thinking of Paul, she returns to his place a third time and, after some initial hesitance on her part, they have sex. Connie and Paul begin a passionate sexual affair. Edward soon suspects something when his wife increases the frequency of her visits to Manhattan. She uses her work on a charity event as an excuse, but Edward finds holes in her stories when he speaks with mutual friends. Eventually, one of Edward's business partners catches a glimpse of Connie and Paul fawning over each other in a cafe and tells Edward, who hires a detective  to follow Connie. The detective returns with pictures of Connie and Paul, which devastates Edward. Connie sees Paul with another woman and attacks him, but he denies that the woman is special. She is enraged and they begin to fight in his building, but their anger turns into passion. Edward decides to visit Paul's apartment but leaves when unable to enter, and misses seeing Connie leave. He returns moments later, gets in and confronts Paul. Already upset, he is stunned to see a snow globe there, which he recognizes as his own gift to Connie. Paul says that Connie bought it for him as a gift, and Edward hits the other man with the globe and kills him. Edward cleans up the blood, wipes away his fingerprints and wraps Paul's body in a rug. As he works, the phone rings, and Edward hears Connie leaving a message that she must end the affair. Edward erases the message and leaves, putting the body in his car's trunk. Later that night, he drops it off at a dump. Two police detectives arrive at the Sumner home. They explain that Paul's wife had reported him missing and they had found Connie's phone number in his apartment. She claims to have met him only once. A week later, the detectives return and tell Connie that they found Paul's body. She becomes upset while repeating her earlier story; Edward backs her up and adds that he never met Paul. Later that night, collecting Edward's clothes for the dry cleaner's, Connie finds the private detective's photos and realizes that Edward knows about the affair. She concludes that he murdered Paul after noticing the snow globe has been returned to their home. Underneath the globe, she discovers a hidden compartment containing a photograph of her, Edward and Charlie, with an anniversary message from Edward, which causes Connie to cry. Edward and Connie confront each other. She burns the photographs; he offers to turn himself in. Connie rejects this and insists they will get through the crisis together. Later the couple are shown in their car stopped at an intersection, debating their next move; outside, the traffic lights change several times from red to green and back. The camera pulls back to reveal their car in front of a police station."] ["A writer returns to Hollywood after finishing his novel in the wilderness. Still smarting from his girlfriend's suicide and his publisher's criticisms of his novel, he becomes intrigued by the neighbor couple's abusive relationship. Eventually he intervenes and becomes involved with the girl, basing a new book on their increasingly violent relationship sparked by his insane jealousy of her friends and her acting career."] [" After discussing his plans for retiring by selling on the shares in his security company to his debtors with his partner, André, aging underworld entrepreneur Miles Rennberg is paid a surprise visit at his Paris office by aggressive underworld moll Sandra. Brazenly taunting him with her sexuality, she bluntly dissects their prior relationship - a nightmarish web of masochism, money, manipulation and dependency, pimping her out to dangerous clients in order to gain both a business advantage and perverse personal thrills. She outlines her newest ambition, since their estrangement, of raising the necessary capital to run a nightclub in Beijing. Miles makes no pretense of the fact that he is less interested in the proposal than the woman, and encourages her to visit him at his apartment. Without making any promises, Sandra leaves for her job at an import business, run by a young married couple: Lester and Sue Wong. Sandra's own import sideline, drug running, is facilitated by her close bond of loyalty with low-ranking employee Lisa. Acting as her driver and lookout, Lisa escorts Sandra to the site of a drug deal that quickly goes sour when her buyer is revealed to be a Narcotics officer. Suspicious after Sandra's cool response to his earlier queries about a missing container in a recent shipment, Lester follows Sandra to the deal and accosts Lisa as she waits in the car. He sends Lisa away on his motorcycle and takes her place in the car. After Sandra emerges, Lester drives her away from the scene. Expressing disappointment in her deceit, he takes her back to her apartment where it becomes clear that the two are romantically involved. After their sexual encounter, Lester receives a call from his wife and leaves. Sandra appears to relent and arranges to visit Miles at his apartment. Goading him with recollections of their misdeeds, she reveals a deep-seated bitterness; she recalls, in particular, an incident where a group of Japanese clients she was entertaining drugged and raped her, and Miles' arousal at hearing the episode recounted in front of his girlfriend. They both drink and end up on the balcony. Sandra undresses and tries to instigate a violent sexual game, apparently of the genre they used to practice, by pinning Miles to the floor of the balcony and choking him with his own belt. Miles warns her off and leads her back inside to show her a pair of handcuffs, which he intends to use on her later in the evening. She expresses reluctance which he nonchalantly waves aside. When she tries to leave, he locks the door and pockets the keys. After he takes a business call, she playfully restrains him with the handcuffs, then brutally shoots him in the head. She quickly retraces her steps through the house, destroying evidence of her presence, and makes a swift exit with Miles' keys. Lester picks her up, gives her a modest sum of cash and the name of a contact in Hong Kong who will arrange her new life, promising to join her soon. Lisa first drives her to a club to establish an alibi, where the oppressive atmosphere and the noise provoke an aggressively traumatic and regretful response to her act.{{Clarify|dateHong Kong Hours behind Lisa, Sandra arrives in Hong Kong. She makes her way to the address of Lester's contact, who in turn sends her to a nondescript office somewhere else in the city. She is told that her contact is waiting for her in an adjacent room, but as soon as she enters the door is locked behind her. In the labyrinthine mess of the locked office she eventually discovers the bound and murdered body of Lisa in a chair facing the back wall. A manifestly wealthy, middle-aged Western woman arrives at the office and orders the men to bring Sandra out, chastising them for Lisa's death. Eventually, one of the men in the office is sent in after Sandra. Having switched clothes and positions with the corpse of Lisa, she manages to ambush the henchman and escape onto the streets. Whilst crossing on a ferry she cries over her last souvenir of her relationship with Miles, his keys, before dropping them into the water. With little money and no recourse to her credit cards or passport, due to risk of capture and extradition for Miles' murder, Sandra resorts to repeatedly calling Lester. She eventually manages to contact his wife, Sue, who maintains that Lester is unavailable but agrees to meet Sandra in a karaoke club. Sue is evasive and aggressive, revealing that whilst she knew of Sandra's affair with Lester, Sandra was not her husband's first infidelity and he never really planned to leave his wife to join her. The whole venture was an attempt to raise the investment capital for the Beijing club, an enterprise in which Sue was fully complicit. Whilst she attempts to take everything in, Sue spikes Sandra's drink with a sedative. In a back room, Sandra threatens Sue with a gun and demands more information; Sue pleads her innocence until she manages to talk Sandra into succumbing to the drug's sedative effects. She leaves Sandra unconscious on the floor. Sandra wakes in the home of the wealthy Western woman whom she escaped in the offices earlier. The woman explains that she owes someone a favour and sets Sandra up with papers and well-paid employment in Shanghai. Nonetheless, Sandra eschews the easy escape and tracks Lester down in a Hong Kong shopping mall. She follows him up the staircase with an unsheathed knife, but as she prepares to stab him she is interrupted by a group of women coming the other way. Lester enters an expensive restaurant, meets with Miles' business partner, André, and leaves with a sports bag full of cash - possibly a payment for Miles' murder, which ensured that his shares did not pass to his unscrupulous creditors. Sandra follows Lester down to the doorway out to the car park, where he hesitates at the threshold as if aware of her presence. At the last moment, however, she finds herself unwilling to either kill or confront him. He drives away with the money."] ["A burglar, Scott Muller , teams up with Buddy Calamara , a valet in a high society restaurant. While Buddy keeps an eye on a rich couple, Scott robs the couple's home. One night, one of the items he takes is the wife's ([[Barbara Williams  diary. Scott begins to read the diary and discovers that the wife, Mickey, an interior designer, yearns for a more interesting life. He quickly becomes infatuated with her. The diary is full of her fantasies and dreams, and soon Scott plans to turn these into reality. While Mickey's husband, children's book author Ray Davis , gets too involved in his work and neglects his wife's needs, Scott uses his inside knowledge to seduce her, using the pretext of needing someone to redesign his apartment, and posing as a school supply company CEO. The forbidden romance soon blossoms into a passionate sexual relationship. Ray becomes suspicious of Scott's relationship with Mickey and turns angry when confronted by Mickey herself with the reason for the downfall of the couple's relationship. One night, during one robbery, Buddy kills a policeman who spotted them. After this, Scott becomes more and more tense when Mickey starts asking questions about him and his past. Meanwhile, Ray decides to follow Scott with his friend and publisher Marty Morrison  and starts snooping around the building used by the robbers, and finds out Scott is the thief that stole his belongings. Buddy sees Ray and goes to Scott's apartment to confront him with the news. Scott, visibly agitated, goes to see Mickey, asking her to leave the city with him, revealing to her he was the one who stole her diary. Her husband goes to warn her and starts to fight with Scott. Mickey comes to her husband's help and Scott then leaves. One night following the events, while the Davises go to a restaurant, Scott breaks in their house and reads Mickey's latest diary. He crosses Buddy, who came to rob them. Scott tries to stop him. They fight and one of them gets stabbed with Buddy's knife. The married couple come home to find the last standing intruder still in the house. Mickey gets out her pistol and aims at the masked man. A gunshot is heard and the man stumbles down. The police arrives and it is revealed that the man shot was Buddy. Mickey goes to their room and finds out that Scott is there, alive but wounded. It is revealed that he was the one who shot Buddy. He then escapes the police through the window as Mickey watches him running in the dark."] ["The story takes place in Hollywood in the early 1930s, shortly after the start of the talkie period. A visionary and gifted young Hollywood director  known as The Boy Wonder has fallen out of favor with the studios. This is ostensibly due to his reluctance to lower his standards or abandon his artistic and experimental style  for the sake of churning out lesser quality stag films for easy money, due to his alcoholism and his fear of leaving his house. He works out of his decaying mansion, which is the only one left on a street being turned into a freeway. On the morning of this particular shoot, he hires a heroin-addicted waitress, Harlene , who was once a well-known and respected star during the silent film era. She is now the star in the first of his six-picture deal. She prepares and shoots heroin while The Boy Wonder drinks heavily during a conversation about the changing times in Hollywood. An actor called Rex the Wonder Dog (played by [[Stephen Davies  soon arrives in a white suit with grass stains on his knees, having just came from his job working for a mortician. He gullibly believes a man that says he will put him in the mainstream talkies, and has an appointment to meet him in his hotel room. The Boy Wonder awkwardly attempts to make an artistic film using an actress under the influence of heroin and an actor who becomes increasingly frustrated with the director and all of his poetic talk, much of which he admits he doesn't understand. The scene goes wrong when Rex gets out of control during the action and The Boy Wonder needs to smash a wine bottle over his head to get him to stop. Enter Big Mac , a porno film producer. He has heroin packets in his jacket pocket, a cigar in his mouth, wads of money for Rex and a pretty wannabe actress hanging on his arm named Cathy Cake . Harlene takes her payment in heroin and soon dies from an overdose in an upstairs bedroom. Big Mac offers Rex a part in a mainstream movie in order to convince Rex to help him bury the body and, while the two are away, Cathy and The Boy Wonder develop a chemistry that eventually leads to another ironic high point in the film. He makes love to her believing he has found something of a soulmate, but she is disappointed when she learns the camera was off. The Boy Wonder realizes that this romantic encounter was simply a ploy to get her into the film, and that she has used and directed him the way he used and directed her. Big Mac and Rex return to find them half naked. In a rage, Big Mac ends his six-picture stag film contract with The Boy Wonder, who by this time is completely drunk. The end of the film finds The Boy Wonder alone in his spacious living room, playing piano and singing, pondering what he'll eat for lunch."] ['Bobby Grady  is an ordinary middle-class electronics store owner who occasionally moonlights doing surveillance work. He attends a group therapy session because his wife, Amy , has lost interest in sex and he fears their marriage is in trouble. Grady is soon approached by the owner of a fashion design house to spy on an employee, Joanna Crane , whom he suspects of selling clothing patterns to his competitors. Grady discovers the fears of Crane\'s boss are unfounded, but Crane is moonlighting as a street prostitute using the name China Blue and wearing a wig and provocative clothing as a disguise. Grady tells the designer there is nothing to his suspicions, but keeps quiet about Crane\'s double life. After having an erotic encounter with Crane in her China Blue persona, Grady decides to start seeing her professionally, and later, romantically. However, their involvement is complicated by his guilt and her intimacy issues &mdash; not to mention her clientele of regular patrons and their bizarre sexual fetishes. Among them is the "Reverend" Peter Shayne , who alternately spends his time delivering soapbox sermons on the street, visiting peep shows while sniffing amyl nitrite, and patronizing prostitutes. Shayne has begun seeing China Blue often and declares a misguided need to "save" her. (When he says, "Save your [[Soul  Underscoring Shayne\'s contradictory nature is the cache of sex toys he carries in a small doctor\'s bag with his Bible. Grady and Joanna\'s sexual encounters soon develop into genuine romantic feelings for each other. When Grady admits he may leave his wife and children, Joanna feels put-upon and depressed. She seeks solace in turning tricks because the encounters are not fraught with emotional entanglements. She dominates a young policeman in an S&M session, penetrating him with his nightstick, and endures a botched three-way in a limousine. A session with an older, dying man whose wife wants China Blue to give him sexual gratification one last time inspires Joanna to reveal her real  name to the couple, suggesting she is the proverbial "hooker with a heart of gold". Shayne grows increasingly psychotic: he carries a sharpened metallic vibrator he nicknames "Superman" and starts stalking Joanna. He moves into a seedy motel next door to her nighttime place of business and watches her activities through a peephole. He also sets up a shrine with candles and numerous photos of her. Sensing that he is mentally unhinged, Joanna says she no longer wishes to see him, but Shayne follows her home to her actual apartment. Once there, he begs her to kill him. Grady decides to visit Joanna to tell her that he has left home. He hears shouting when he arrives at her apartment, so he breaks down her door to find who he thinks is Joanna cowering in terror. He approaches the person, not realizing it is actually Shayne in Joanna\'s China Blue disguise. Joanna, wearing Shayne\'s clothing, leaps from the shadows and stabs Shayne with the "Superman" vibrator before he can attack Grady with a large pair of scissors. Shayne dies, convinced that his sacrifice has "saved" them both. The film ends with Grady addressing his group therapist about his new relationship with a woman named Joanna.'] ["A recently married young couple, Stefan  and Valerie , are on their honeymoon. They check into a grand hotel on the Ostend seafront in Belgium, intending to catch the cross-channel ferry to England, though Stefan seems oddly unenthused at the prospect of introducing his new bride to his mother. It is off-season, so the couple are alone in the hotel. Alone, that is, until the sun sets and a mysterious Hungarian countess, Elizabeth Báthory  arrives in a vintage Bristol driven by her 'secretary' Ilona . The middle-aged concierge at the hotel swears that he saw the Countess at the same hotel when he was a little boy. The countess quickly becomes obsessed with the newlyweds, and the resulting interaction of the four people leads to sadism and murder. Ilona, Stefan, then the Countess all die, leaving Valerie, now transformed into a creature similar to the Countess, stalking new victims."] ["Zandalee Martin is frustrated and feeling unfulfilled with her marriage to Thierry Martin, and eventually gets tangled in a passionate, sensual and torrid affair with her husband's mysterious and free spirited old friend Johnny Collins. Zandalee and Thierry’s marriage has hit a snag and seems to be eroding. Zan needs to explore, while Thierry wants to withdraw, and has become more and more distant and impotent in their relationship. He used to be a poet, but now has taken over the family’s communications business after the death of his father. As time goes on, Thierry has to sell the business and become basically a  figurehead. He is emotionally adrift as his dreams give way to disillusionment. Collins, an artist by trade, has been working for Thierry’s business to help support his paintings. His only religion is self-gratification. Sensing Zandalee’s frustration and vulnerability, Collins takes advantage and moves in by seducing her. Their sexual liaisons occur in various places. Thierry soon suspects the two are having an affair. As the affair intensifies, Johnny asks Zandalee to leave her husband. Zandalee never abandons her true love Thierry, and ends the affair. She and Thierry re-commit themselves to each other, but Johnny, now obsessed with her will not be brushed off that easily. He tracks them to their vacation spot in the Bayou. All of this puts the three on a destructive collision course with a tragic sequence of events."] ["Bridget Gregory steals $700,000 from her drug dealer husband Clay. On her way to Chicago, she stops in a small town, Beston, a suburb of Buffalo, and meets Mike. Meanwhile, Clay gets his thumb broken by the loan shark who is looking for repayment for his loan. Clay, with the help of a private detective, frantically searches for his wife and the money. In Beston, Bridget changes her name to Wendy Kroy and gets a job at the insurance company where Mike works. When Mike tells her how to find out if a man is cheating on his wife by reading his credit reports, Bridget invents a plan based on selling murders to cheated wives. She pretends to travel to Florida to kill a cheating husband, but instead goes to Buffalo to meet Mike's ex-wife, Trish. She shows Mike the money she stole from Clay to convince him she has taken a cut from the life insurance payout from the new widow as payment for the supposed killing. She tells him she has done it so they can live together, then persuades him that he must also commit a similar murder so they will be even, and to prove that he loves her. She tries to talk Mike into killing a tax lawyer cheating old ladies out of their homes. At first he rejects the idea, but agrees after receiving a letter from his ex saying she is moving to Beston. The letter was forged by Bridget to change his mind. Mike goes to New York City and breaks into the apartment of the attorney, who turns out to be Clay. After Clay is tied up by Mike, he manages to work out what is happening when Mike mentions Bridget's alias, and convinces him of the truth by showing him a photo of himself and Bridget together. They then hatch a plot to double-cross her, but she turns the tables by killing Clay herself. She tells a stunned Mike to rape her. When he refuses, she tells him she knows the truth about Trish, who is a transsexual. She then tricks Mike into having rough sex with her while she has 9-1-1 on the line. Mike is arrested for rape and murder while she escapes with the cash."] ['The film traces the sexual awakening of Theresa Dunn, a young teacher searching for excitement outside of her mundane existence. Suffering with severe body image issues and a sense of inadequacy following a childhood surgery that left a large scar on her back, Irish American Theresa finds first love with her older, married university professor, who ends the affair as her time in college comes to an end. The end of the affair leaves Theresa feeling used, and she begins daydreaming about being reunited with her professor. Theresa enters the sexual revolution of the 1970s feeling confused, as she is simultaneously repelled and attracted to the sexual experimentation she witnesses going on around her. Although she continues to teach by day, developing a reputation as a gifted and caring teacher to deaf children, at night she goes clubbing at a series of increasingly seedy bars, picking up men for one-night stands. The recreational sexual encounters slowly become an addiction, as Theresa begins pursuing more dangerous men with violent sexual proclivities to enhance her "high". She views her one night stands with shady low-lifes as a way to provide excitement and adventure to her otherwise boring and ordinary existence. An encounter with an Italian thug named Tony  develops into a nascent relationship, and the two begin regularly meeting for increasingly rough and dangerous sex, culminating in Tony\'s introduction of a switchblade knife into their sex play. Meanwhile, Theresa attempts to date a welfare case worker named James, whom her family holds up as the paragon of Irish-American youth. The relationship quickly falters, as James turns out to be just as shallow and emotionally manipulative as Tony. Theresa ultimately breaks up with Tony, who then stalks her, including harassing her outside the school where she works until the older brother of one of her students beats him up. With the new year approaching, Theresa resolves to leave her clubbing behind and take control of her life. Seeking one final hookup on New Year\'s Eve, Theresa picks up a man named Gary, who turns out to be a sexually confused war veteran. At Theresa\'s apartment, Gary finds himself unnable to attain an erection. Misreading Theresa\'s frustration as her questioning his sexuality, Gary attacks her and begins beating and raping her. After Theresa screams "Do it!" Gary stabs her to death. Theresa\'s dead face drifts farther away from the screen and into a black void as the film ends.'] ['In 1987 Ivan and Catherine Greer live with their 9-year-old daughter, Joy, their housekeeper, Rebecca, and her two daughters, Ivy, 9, and Violet, 8. The three young girls live as sisters, but the more rambunctious Ivy is bored by their childish games of tea and rejoices at Ivan\'s unexpected early day return from the office, saying, "There\'s going to be fireworks." Ivy\'s prediction soon comes true. Ivan catches Rebecca in bed with the handsome pool boy, and the two men scuffle. As Ivan tends to his wounds, he and Rebecca begin a loud argument about their adulterous affair. The shouting brings Catherine\'s attention from the garden. Upon learning of the affair, she immediately evicts Rebecca and her children. Rebecca retaliates that Catherine cannot fulfill Ivan\'s sexual desires. As she and her daughters leave the Greer mansion, Joy is heartbroken to lose her only known siblings. In 1997, Violet returns to the Greer home and is reunited with Joy for the first time in ten years. Violet states that she is looking for a summer time residence while working as a waitress at Denny\'s Restaurants and planning to attend the local junior college. Joy suggests that she reside with them and stay in the late Catherine\'s room. Joy is an amateur tennis star and engaged to her Princeton boyfriend, Michael, who will be working as an intern for Mr. Greer\'s bank. During a late night party, Violet feels isolated and ridiculed by Joy\'s Ivy League friends, and excuses herself for late shift work. Afterward, Michael takes Joy to her room and initiates foreplay, only to be rejected. He accuses Joy of being sexually frigid, and insultingly says he understands her father\'s infidelity. As Michael is on his way out, he runs into Violet, who is dressed in a sadomasochistic costume, which causes him to question her employment at Denny\'s. Violet states that the two have gotten off on the wrong foot, and proceeds to perform oral sex on him. Violet\'s obsession with Joy motivates her to destroy all of her other relationships. When her tennis partner, Jaimie comes over to practice with Joy, Violet spikes their drinks with alcohol and then undresses into her bra in bed with the unconscious and handcuffed Jaimie, convincing her the three have just engaged in sex. A horrified, half clothed, and handcuffed Jaimie flees the Greer house, thus ending their friendship. Michael is Violet\'s next target. While by the Greer pool, she convinces him Joy has been unfaithful and seduces him into sex, while she provides him with cocaine to reignite his former addiction. Michael is not appreciative of her vices and vows never to see her again, thereby confirming her prejudiced belief that all men are uncaring and deceitful. Ivan is the next to be seduced as Violet sabotages his date when she swims topless in his pool, and dresses in his late wife\'s clothing. The two wish to rekindle the passion that existed during Ivan\'s affair with Rebecca. The Greers\' housekeeper, Mrs. B, quickly catches on to the recent events, and makes enemies with Violet in her attempts to thwart her schemes. Michael confronts Violet while she is "street walking". He then reveals to her that he has lost his internship at the bank because of drugs and that he knows of her schemes, including working as a sadomasochistic prostitute, her false employment at Denny\'s, and her dark family history including the death of Ivy . He threatens that she must leave the Greers\' before he tells Joy the truth. When Michael arrives at the Greers\' later that day, Violet knocks him unconscious, ties him to a bed and gags him, and injects him with a lethal dose of drugs, killing him. Joy returns from a failed tennis match distraught at the recent drama of events, only to learn of Michael\'s death and walk in on her father and Violet in sadomasochism. As a traumatized Joy flees, Ivan tells Violet she must leave, to which she accuses him of repeating the abandonment of her mother. She hides the drugs for Ivan\'s heart condition and places him in the garage fatally poisoning him with carbon monoxide by leaving a car engine running. After a drive, Joy returns that same night, to now discover Mrs. B is also murdered. Violet induces Joy to dress up and play tea like they did when they were children, where they will commit suicide by drinking poison. Joy violently resists by splashing the poison on Violet\'s face, and the two wrestle around the room. Violet attempts to stab Joy with a pair of scissors, but Joy is able to knock her back before she strikes. Joy races out of the room to the stairway, where she leans on the banister and cries out for help. Violet regains her senses and goes to resume her attack. Violet is spun around by Joy and begins to lose her balance at the top of the stairs. Joy grasps the end of Violet\'s pearl necklace to keep her from falling. Still holding on to the pearl necklace, Joy pleads with Violet to reach out and save herself. Instead Violet leans her head back and raises her arms in the air. In doing so, the necklace shatters and Violet\'s feet slip, causing her to fall backwards down the stairs. Violet lies motionless at the bottom of the stairs, lifeless. Joy calmly exits the mansion. The loss of her entire family circle is saddening, but it may provide her with the opportunity to begin anew, and leave behind the darkness of her family past.'] ['On the eve of a revolution in an East European country, Dr. Daniel Pavenic  sits down to dinner with some friends and discusses his past and his obsession with a former house servant. His shocking honesty eventually leads to his guests also disclosing some of their own secrets.'] ['A man keeps his girlfriend tied up in his small apartment and tortures her. She is undressed, subjected to various types of bondage, whipped, and tortured with a razor blade. He also brushes her hair, applies make-up on her, and breaks down and cries in the fetal position. In the end the girl gets free and has her revenge. At the time of its release Wakamatsu was quoted as saying "For me, violence, the body and sex are an integral part of life"{{Cite book}}'] ['Akiko  is startled to find her estranged husband, Kunisada , in a car watching a young, pre-pubescent girl urinate by the side of a road. When Akiko returns home, the girl, Miko, follows crying that "Uncle" has disappeared. Akiko turns the girl over to the police. Later, while she is giving ikebana lessons at home, the police return to ask Akiko for information about Kunisada. It is revealed that he had disappeared three years ago after being arrested for a sexual crime involving a high school girl. Kunisada follows Akiko to her mother\'s grave, where he kidnaps her, and takes her to an isolated cabin in the countryside. Here he subjects her to numerous degrading sexual tortures and punishments for days on end. When Kunisada leaves the cabin to get Akiko\'s wedding dress from her home, Akiko escapes. Wearing only a sheet and the ropes she has been tied in, she meets two hunters who, instead of helping her, rape her. Kunisada finds her unconscious in the woods, cleans her and dresses her in her traditional Japanese wedding clothes, complete with make-up, and suspends her from pulleys in the cabin and shaves her pubic hair. While fishing, Kunisada comes across an unconscious young couple—Kaoru  and Kiyoshi —that had failed in committing double suicide. He rapes the girl, Kaoru, then takes them to the cabin where he binds them. After giving Kaoru an enema, he has Akiko have sex with Kiyoshi while Kunisada has sex with Kaoru. He continues submitting them to various humiliations in order to destroy their love for each other. After he thinks he has succeeded, he unties them and tells them he has no more use for them, they are free to stay or go. By now Akiko has come to accept Kunisada\'s behavior, and apparently enjoy it. She pushes him even further with commands to, "Whip me harder... abuse me..." After one such session in the woods, Akiko and Kunisada return to the cabin where they find that the young couple has bound themselves together and committed double-suicide through strangulation. Akiko tells Kunisada that they have played the final joke on him. Meanwhile, two police detectives are following Miko, believing that she will lead them to Kunisada. Miko eludes the police, but they find the cabin with the dead young couple still bound together and Akiko naked and tied up. When they attempt to release Akiko she tells them, "Don\'t untie me. I like it this way." The police ask her where Kunisada has gone. Akiko replies that he has escaped, then, laughing, adds, "It\'s funny, but I think he\'s afraid of me." As the end credits roll, Kunisada is walking through the countryside holding Miko\'s hand, and Akiko is still in the cabin, tied up naked and squirming.Synopsis from Ranaletta, Ray. . "Wife to be Sacrificed - Coming to a Theater Near You?" in Asian Cult Cinema, #19 , p.49-50, and Wife to be Sacrificed DVD, released by KimStim Inc., copyright 2001 KS0119DVD.'] ['Brittney Havers , a South Florida schoolgirl, lives with her wealthy stepfather, Niles Dunlap , after her mother ran her car off the road in "Gator Alley" and was presumably eaten by alligators a year earlier. When Dunlap is killed in a private plane crash, his will calls for Brittney to receive a small stipend until she finishes school, after which she will receive only $25,000 a year from the estate. The rest of Dunlap\'s assets, totaling $70 million, are to be left to a corporate trust, unless a blood heir can be found. Brittney\'s brash, relatively poor classmate Maya  suddenly claims to be Dunlap\'s illegitimate daughter as the result of her mother\'s extramarital affair. She is ordered by the judge to submit to a DNA test, the result of which proves she is Dunlap\'s child. At the Dunlap home, Brittney hears a noise on her way to the wine cellar but it turns out to just be rats. Suddenly Maya appears and the girls reveal they are lovers before being joined by Dr. Julian Haynes , who had arranged the DNA test. The trio are in cahoots, running a scam to secure and share Dunlap\'s fortune. Insurance investigator Terence Bridge , investigating the circumstances of the plane crash, finds out from Dunlap\'s medical records that Dunlap had scarlet fever as a child, one of the side effects of which can be sterility, and asks Dr. Haynes how Dunlap could have fathered a child. Dr. Haynes gets nervous about the plot unraveling and contacts Maya. He agrees to meet her and Brittney that night at the docks, where Maya shoots him. The two girls dispose of his body in Gator Alley. After Bridge learns the entire affair was planned, he shows up at the Dunlap home and demands half the money in return for not going to the police. Brittney, refusing to give up any of the money, gets a gun and points it at Bridge, but instead kills Maya. She tells Bridge that he has to earn his half. He loads Maya\'s body into the trunk of his car and he and Brittney drive off to dispose of it. When they stop at a traffic light, Brittney gets out of the car and walks away as a police car pulls up behind them. Bridge can do nothing but drive away when the traffic light turns green and the police car honks at him to get moving. Brittney phones in an anonymous tip that Bridge\'s car trunk has a girl\'s dead body in it. He is soon arrested and jailed. A videotape from the Dunlap home security system shows Bridge demanding half of the inheritance money from Brittney and Maya. Later, Brittney flies off in a private plane with the very much alive Dunlap, who had faked his own death to escape prosecution for misappropriating millions of dollars of corporate funds to pay his gambling debts, and also to avoid the Cuban gambler to whom he still owed millions. Brittney and Dunlap don parachutes, planning to bail out over swampland and disappear together. As Dunlap is poised to bail out, Brittney reveals that she packed his chute with newspaper and pushes him from the plane to his death. She then bails out, landing safely in the swamp, where her mother , also very much alive, is waiting for her in a swamp boat. It is revealed that Brittney and her mother orchestrated everything, including the deaths of Brittney\'s co-conspirators, in order to steal Dunlap\'s fortune, and they relax in the sun on a tropical island. Brittney comes down the stairs of their villa overlooking the ocean with two drinks and hands one to her mother. As Brittney watches intently, her mother takes a sip and remarks that the drink is strong. Brittney replies "They do make them strong here, don\'t they?" with a wry smile, the implication being that she has poisoned the drink.'] ["When bank teller Ryan  meets beautiful but icy business executive Angelica  he becomes instantly infatuated with her. He stumbles upon the perfect opportunity to spy on her when he is hired by Dolores  as a part-time maintenance man and moves into an apartment across the street from Angelica. He uses his position and his apartment's view to start spying on her, and slowly inserts himself into Angelica's life. Angelica turns on him and Ryan slits his wrists in the bathtub in despair. When items from Ryan's apartment begin explicitly appearing in Angelica's apartment, Dolores becomes suspicious of Angelica, especially when Angelica visits the apartment building and produces a memento from Dolores' late son."] ['Jack Grimaldi, a corrupt cop who does favors for the Mafia in exchange for large fees, has a loving wife, Natalie, and an adoring mistress, Sheri. He thinks he has it all, until both the cops and mob are outwitted by a sociopathic Russian mob assassin named Mona Demarkov. The head of the Italian mob, Don Falcone, orders Jack to deal with Demarkov or face dire consequences. Jack is unable to kill her; she even seduces and makes a fool of him. Falcone, disappointed in Jack\'s ineptitude, orders one of Jack\'s toes cut off. Seriously injured due to the amputation and realizing that he has endangered his wife and mistress, Jack instructs his wife to leave the city immediately, giving her money and instructions where to meet him out West when the time is right. Jack also ends his affair with his mistress and puts her on a train out of the city. Jack tries to hunt Demarkov but soon realizes that he is putty in her hands. He is attracted to her sexually and no match for her professionally. Mona offers to pay Jack to help her eliminate Falcone and fake her own death. Although he obtains phony papers for her, she refuses to pay and attempts to strangle him. He shoots and seriously wounds her, then tries to drive away with her handcuffed in the back seat. Mona escapes by hooking her legs around his neck, causing him to crash the car. She slithers out through the shattered windshield without ever freeing her hands. Mona lures Jack to an abandoned warehouse. He again attempts to kill her but is tricked into shooting Sheri instead. Mona fixes the corpse so as to suggest that it was she, and not Sheri, who died.  Mona then handcuffs Jack to the bed and has her way with him. Asking Jack, "with or without", he replies "without" and she mounts him after unbuckling her new prosthetic arm, her last concession to conventional appearances. Demarkov then forces Jack to kill Don Falcone, burying him alive, even after having her arm replaced with a prosthetic. She proceeds to turn in Jack to the police, his former associates, copping a plea deal that will indict Jack for the multiple murders that she tricked him into committing. The police arrange a confrontation between Jack and Demarkov at the courthouse, as he is heading in and she is heading out. She threatens to kill his wife. Thinking he has nothing to lose, and desperate to save the only thing good in his life, Jack grabs a gun from the ankle holster of a fellow officer and shoots her down. Jack turns the gun on himself, only to discover that the revolver is empty. Instead of being sent to prison for the murder, he is given a commendation. This frees him to begin a new life out West in a remote town. He waits at the appointed time and place, imagining Natalie\'s return to him, but her forgiveness is only in his mind.'] ['The plot follows a group of lesbian nurses who lure unsuspecting strangers back to their home to torture them.'] ['Kate Miller is a sexually frustrated housewife who is in therapy with New York City psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott. During an appointment, Kate attempts to seduce him, but Elliott rejects her advances. Kate goes to the Metropolitan Museum and, in a critically applauded ten-minute sequence played entirely without dialogue, she has an unexpected flirtation with a mysterious stranger. Kate and the stranger "stalk" each other through the museum until they finally wind up outside, where Kate joins him in a taxi. They immediately begin to have sex in the cab, and continue at his apartment, unaware that Kate has left her underwear on the floor of the cab. Hours later, Kate awakens and, thoroughly satisfied with her evening, decides to discreetly leave while the man, Warren Lockman, is asleep. Kate sits at his desk to leave Warren a note and finds a document indicating that he has contracted a sexually transmitted disease. Mortified, she leaves the apartment but on the way out realizes that she has left her wedding ring on the stranger\'s nightstand, and she returns to retrieve it. The elevator doors open on the figure of a tall, blonde woman in dark sunglasses wielding a straight razor. Kate is slashed to death in the elevator. A high-priced call girl, Liz Blake, happens upon the body and catches a glimpse of the killer, therefore becoming both the prime suspect and the killer\'s next target. Elliott receives a bizarre answering machine message from "Bobbi", a transgender person he is treating. Bobbi taunts the psychiatrist for breaking off their therapy sessions, apparently because Elliott refuses to sign the necessary papers for Bobbi to get a sex change operation. Elliott eventually visits Bobbi\'s new doctor and tries to convince him that Bobbi is a danger to herself and others. The police are less than willing to believe Liz\'s story, so she joins forces with Kate\'s revenge-minded son Peter to find the killer. Peter is an inventor, and uses a series of homemade listening devices and time-lapse cameras to track patients from Elliott\'s office. They catch Bobbi on camera, and soon Liz is being stalked by a tall blonde figure in sunglasses. Several attempts are made on Liz\'s life. One, in the New York City Subway, is thwarted by Peter, who sprays Bobbi with homemade mace. Liz and Peter scheme to get inside Elliott\'s office to look at his appointment book and learn Bobbi\'s real name. Liz baits the therapist by stripping to lingerie and coming on to him, distracting him long enough to make a brief exit and leaf through his appointment book. When she returns, it is Bobbi rather than Elliott who confronts her; they are the same person. Elliott/Bobbi is shot and wounded by a female police officer who looks like Bobbi: she is the tall blonde figure who was trailing Liz. Elliott is arrested by the police and placed in an insane asylum. It is explained by Dr. Levy that Elliott wanted to be a woman, but his "male" side would not allow him to go through with the operation. Whenever a woman sexually aroused Elliott, it was "Bobbi", who represented the female side of the doctor\'s personality, who became threatened. In a final sequence, Elliott escapes from the asylum and slashes Liz\'s throat in a bloody act of vengeance. She wakes up screaming, realizing that it was just a dream as Peter runs to her bed to comfort her.'] ["The film's title character, Francis, lives with his invalid, abusive mother in a dingy tenement apartment, and has suffered a life of unrelenting misfortune and brutality. Over time, he has withdrawn from the world and into himself, silently observing others rather than interacting with them. His only solace has been his Catholic faith, but he has begun to question his belief in a loving God who could countenance so much evil and pain. When he discovers he can see into the apartment of a beautiful, mysterious woman from his own back stairs, Francis cannot stop watching her, even after he meets her and they become romantically involved. Unable or unwilling to believe that she could actually love him, he becomes ever more obsessive in his voyeurism. And it is what Francis sees – or thinks he sees – that leads ultimately to his undoing."] ['This stars Malisa Longo as the cruel Nazi Elsa, a former hooker with a penchant for S&M, a love for leather boots and nakedness, and a hatred of the French Resistance. It is set during the final days of World War II. The Third Reich plans to reward good Nazi officers and weed out traitors by sending a "Pleasure Train" through Europe. The train is populated by beautiful prostitutes who will service soldiers while gaining info on those who betrayed the Reich.'] ["Carly Norris , 35, a book editor, moves into an exclusive New York residential building, not long after the previous tenant, Naomi Singer, falls to her death from her balcony. Soon she crosses paths with other tenants including the handsome Zeke . A habitual masturbator, who climaxes when showering, Carly goes to a workout gym with Zeke, who begins to turn her on by grabbing her hips while doing exercise. They embark on a passionate affair, after which she discovers Zeke's secret, that he is the owner of the building. Carly is also being romantically pursued by Jack , a novelist who is another resident of her building. Two of Carly's neighbors  die under suspicious circumstances. As she discovers more about Zeke and Jack, she begins to distrust both and also uncovers shocking secrets about other people who live around her. Carly eventually finds out that Jack killed Naomi due to his jealousy towards Zeke, whom she was dating. Zeke knew that Jack was the killer, but chose to ignore it, because it would expose his other secret -- that he has surveillance cameras allowing him to spy on every apartment, including hers."] ['The movie opens in New York City, in January 1955. Harry Angel , a downtrodden but competent private investigator, is contacted by an attorney named Herman Winesap  and instructed to meet a client named Louis Cyphre  in a Harlem church. Cyphre, an elegant, mysterious man, tells Angel about a once-popular big band crooner named Johnny Favorite who was drafted during World War II and suffered severe neurological trauma in action. Favorite\'s incapacitation disrupted a contract with Cyphre regarding unknown collateral, and Cyphre believes that the hospital has falsified records, preventing the contract from being fulfilled. He hires Angel to discover the truth, and in the process, locate Favorite. Angel travels to the hospital and discerns that the records were altered by a morphine-addicted veteran physician named Fowler ([[Michael Higgins  who admits he was paid $25,000 by a wealthy friend of Favorite\'s and a woman to do so; Fowler turns up dead shortly thereafter and Angel fears being suspected. He meets Cyphre to update him and end the job, but Cyphre pays him $5,000 to continue the search. Angel uses a journalist lover to find out most of Favorite\'s background, including his pre-war friendship with a Coney Island fortune teller. He learns that her name is Margaret Krusemark , now a prominent figure in voodoo, and travels to New Orleans to find her. Margaret divulges little information to Angel and tells him that Johnny is dead to her. To circumvent her obstruction, he tracks down Johnny\'s former secret love and discovers her daughter Epiphany Proudfoot , who was conceived during her relationship with Favorite. Epiphany is equally reluctant to speak, so Angel locates Toots Sweet , a blues guitarist and former Favorite bandmate. After witnessing Toots at a voodoo ceremony attended by Epiphany, Angel uses force to extract details of Favorite\'s last known whereabouts from Toots. In the morning, the New Orleans police inform Angel that Toots was murdered after he left; Angel later finds Margaret murdered in her home and her heart removed with a sacrificial knife. Epiphany stops by Angel\'s hotel and they have sex; during this time she reveals that Johnny Favorite was considered an extremely evil man who turned on everyone he knew. Angel suspects that Favorite is in hiding and killing off his former friends to prevent his discovery. Angel forces an attacker to take him to his employer, who is actually Ethan Krusemark, a very wealthy, powerful Louisiana patriarch and father of Margaret. Krusemark invites Angel into a shed at his racetrack and in a heated conversation, reveals the final horrible news to him about Favorite: Favorite was a powerful magician who, with the assistance of the Krusemarks, conjured and sold his soul to Lucifer in exchange for stardom, but afterward sought to renege on the bargain. Using an obscure rite and the help of his now-dead friends, Favorite kidnapped a soldier, murdered and cannibalized him in a ritual killing to steal his soul and assume the man\'s identity, but his sudden conscription and the amnesia from his injuries ruined the plan\'s fruition. The Krusemarks released him into Times Square after sneaking him out of the hospital and hoped for the best. Angel has a panic attack upon hearing this and ducks into the bathroom, wanting to know who the soldier was; he emerges to find Krusemark\'s body in a boiling gumbo cauldron and flees to Margaret\'s home to search for the soldier\'s personal effects. Angel finds a vase and breaks it open, revealing a set of dog tags with the name "ANGEL, HAROLD" stamped on them; Angel was and has been Johnny Favorite the whole time. Louis Cyphre, a pseudonym for Lucifer, appears in Margaret\'s living room and tells him that Winesap is dead, and that he has known Angel\'s true identity since the beginning; he has come to collect because of Favorite\'s attempt to break the contract. Angel refuses to believe him and is convinced that Cyphre is merely posing as the devil and trying to frame him for the murders. Cyphre exposes his true self and unleashes Angel\'s repressed memories of killing Fowler, Toots, and the Krusemarks in a fugue state induced by Cyphre. When Cyphre disappears, Angel runs back to his hotel and finds the police in his bedroom, looking over the body of Epiphany, who was killed with his pistol  and is wearing his dog tags. With Johnny finally remembering the truth, and since he will be executed for the murders, Cyphre can at last claim what is his: Favorite\'s immortal soul. Over the end credits, there is a lengthy sequence of a silhouetted Angel descending in an ancient iron Otis elevator cage, on his way to his execution and, ultimately, to Hell. As the screen fades to black, Cyphre can be heard saying, "Harry" and "Johnny," showing his dominion over their souls.'] ["The middle-aged Marquis de Sade  arrives at his ancestral estate of La Coste, having escaped incarceration. In the theater at the castle, he meets his uncle, the Abbe , who persuades him to stay to watch an entertainment that has been prepared for him. The play is a parody of the Marquis' parents haggling with M. and Mme. Montreuil over the prospective marriage of their children, leading to a flashback in time to the actual negotiations. The young Marquis  flees the proposed marriage to Mlle. Renee de Montreiul , but returns and marries her under threat of imprisonment. Louis would prefer Renee’s younger sister Anne , finding Renee to be very frightened and cold to his charms. At an orgy with several young prostitutes, Louis begins to get very rough in his play and explains some of his philosophy to the women, leading to the first in a long series of imprisonments. Released into the custody of his mother-in-law Mme. de Montreuil , Louis finds himself a prisoner in his own home. When Anne is sent away to a convent school, Louis begins liaisons first with his mother-in-law's protégé, Mlle. Collette, and then with an actress, La Beauvoisin, for whom he builds a theater at La Coste. The first play performed is for the benefit of the Abbe, who is chagrined to see that the performance is about his own misuse of the young boy Louis. In a flashback, the actual event is played out, the Marquis's later deeds and philosophy thus being given a cod-Freudian origin. Louis proceeds through a series of flashbacks involving his father’s death, a mysterious and recurring old man, and the baptism day of one of Louis' own children, culminating in the scandal of Rose Keller, a widow whom he ties up and flagellates with a sword. Mme. de Montreuil is forced to pay Rose for her silence, and to send Louis back into exile at La Coste. Louis continues to pursue Anne, and after an elaborate orgy where he is whipped into unconsciousness, he flees to Italy with the young woman. Returned to prison, Louis is tormented with visions of Mme. de Montreuil disowning Anne and his uncle the Abbe seducing her. Mme. de Montreuil visits him in prison, and tearfully tells him he has ruined her family and that he will remain imprisoned forever. Back on the stage, a mock trial is held where the Marquis is accused of murdering Anne. The mysterious old man is present at the proceedings, and Anne herself appears to accuse Louis of her murder. Louis ruefully remembers Anne's death in Italy from the plague. An older Louis talks with Renee about their misfortunes and regrets, telling her he can find no meaning in life. At another drunken and destructive debauchery, Louis begins to see visions of Renee in the midst of his revel. The old man lies on his death bed in prison, crying out for Renee's forgiveness. It is revealed that the old man is the Marquis himself, following the young Marquis through his memories as he seeks his one moment of reality. Deciding to look one last time, the old man closes his eyes as the scene cuts back the middle-aged Marquis arriving at La Coste."] ['{{expand section}} Two men &ndash; Jack Lynch  and Jonathan Ashby  &ndash; are confronted by a beautiful woman, Christina Ford .'] ['Detective Catherine Palmer  is on the trail of an elusive serial killer. During her investigation she meets Vickie Kittrie , who belongs to an exclusive club of women who engage in secret sessions of bondage and S&M. Matters become even more complicated when Palmer finds herself attracted to Kittrie, leading to a brief lesbian encounter. Palmer soon learns that each victim belonged to this club of prominent, sexually experimental women. In order to catch the killer, Catherine must trust Vickie to guide her through the dangerous and illicit underground.'] ["Margaretis a divorced woman seeking sexual pleasure in this mysterious erotic tale. A mysterious wrong number leads Margaret on a journey that takes her to the edge of sexual desire and obsession. However, things aren't going quite according to plan when she is taken hostage by her mysterious new lover Blaze  and held against her will in an abandoned, furnished warehouse. But is she really a hostage? After a few days she realises that the door to the warehouse has never actually been locked, and in fact, she has always been free to go. During her incarceration she's involved in sexual acts, including having sex with a man whose face she never sees and watching her new man make love to another woman. Eventually she leaves but after time, returns to find tapes of previous sexploits with evidence of who her lover really is. After tracing him to his home with wife and kids, Blaze soon finds the tables have been turned. As Magaret plots her revenge, the twists and turns that ensue weave into a shocking conclusion. Never underestimate a cornered woman."] ["Ron Jeremy stars in this eroticized action-thriller that has a stripper avenging her sister's death. She knows she can't do the job alone, however, so she recruits the help of a rebellious cop to settle the score. But her quest doesn't turn out to be a neat affair, as she soon realizes there's more than one enemy to fight; and they all appear to be gunning for her even as she hunts them down."] [" Ida Teeter  is a shy entomologist who has a wide variety of insects all over her home which has caused her recent girlfriend to break up with her. She is “informed” by her fellow entomologist Max Grubb  that her obsession with her job is the reason that her lady friends are constantly breaking up with her. Ida is crestfallen by this, although she is introduced to the beautiful and strange girl named Misty Falls  who sits with her sketch pad drawing pixies in the lobby of the McNaughton Museum of Natural History where Ida and Max work. Instantly, Ida is enamored by the chance to be with her, although Max gives her the warning of “babes or bugs, you can’t have both”. Simultaneously, a mysterious package arrives for Ida at her apartment door, which is revealed to contain a large, unidentifiable mantis-like insect. Landlady Lana Beasley  is concerned with the “pets” of Ida and the effect that may be laid upon her seven-year-old granddaughter Betty , dubbed “The Ladybug” because of her continuous habit of wearing a ladybug costume. The Ladybug looks up to Ida as a heroine influence, much to Beasley’s dismay, and Ida promises to keep the insects under check. Later that night, she examines the new insect, which she fondly names “Mick”, and informs Max via telephone of the creature. “Mick” escapes from its plastic tank shortly after Ida leaves. The next day, Ida walks over to Misty and to asks her out to dinner, which Misty accepts. The two women go out on a date that night in a Chinese restaurant, where Misty embarrassedly states that she thinks Ida is attractive. Misty then asks whether or not that the two of them can watch a movie about “Texas Pixies” on Ida's DVD player, which Ida accepts as their date, although she is concerned about what Misty would think of her large collection of bugs. In the meantime, Mick escapes and attacks Beasley’s pet dog, dragging it into one of Ida’s bedroom pillows where it consumes the animal. Later, there are posters advertising the lost dog. Misty is introduced to Betty and the apartment, though Ida keeps her away from the bedroom where all her insects are hidden. They proceed to enjoying some bourbon and watching the “Texas Pixies” movie together. The two get closer until their moment is interrupted by Max, who is curious about their date. Ida returns to find Misty asleep on the couch. She proceeds to the bedroom and returns with the pillow  to give to Misty, who suddenly wakes up from her drunken slumber. Still too drunk to drive, Ida allows Misty to stay with her. In gratitude, Misty returns the favor by stripping off her shirt and seducing Ida. Below, Mick’s proboscis reaches for Misty and nips her ear, which Misty dismisses. The next morning, Ida awakens to find that Misty has discovered her secret bug stash and has a great interest in bugs. She also discovers that Misty is Ida's favorite professor Malcolm Wolf’s daughter , and the two search for the escaped Mick. Later, Misty feels pain in her right ear, where she finds a small sample of foreign saliva in it, and soon becomes weak to stay up. Ida turns to Max with drawings of the creature by Misty, but Max does not take the matter seriously and even makes derisive jokes about Ida's new relationship. She comes home and finds Misty moving in. They spend more time together, although Misty  begins displaying unusual tendencies, such as an appetite in straying bugs. Beasley encounters Mick as it runs past her. About to complain, she finds Ida and Misty locked in an extremely passionate kiss and leaves, keeping this hidden from her ever-interested granddaughter. Misty later comes across the pillow with Mick in it during a laundry excursion, and she discovers that she has strange urges to lie next to it. The insect then invades her much chewed and saliva-doused ear with its proboscis. Ida receives an almost apologetic letter from a mysterious source , which tells her that the insect could be dangerous. At home, she is pulled into a loving kiss by Misty right in front of Beasley and Betty. Disgusted, Beasley berates the two women, even suggesting that Ida is sexually attracted to her granddaughter as well. Beasley gives Ida and Misty two weeks to move out, which is reduced to one week when Betty asks for “some skin”  from Ida. Ida is horrified by Misty’s strange behavior and her abrupt and crude remarks. Enraged, Misty loses her temper and yells at Ida about how much that she has done for her until she suddenly passes out. Misty awakens and explains about a storybook-style dream where she was a fairy resting upon a lily pad and encountered a “beautiful” giant bug  that landed on her and forced its proboscis into her navel, drawing blood and inserting “his juices” into her. Max calls Ida for her to come to the lab, and as she leaves, Ida notices how Misty has placed the pillow between her legs. When she arrives, Max delivers the information from her “Brazil homey” about the insect which he finds humorous and impossible: The insect is known to inhabit the nests of birds and other small animals, where it behaves like a parasite, inserting its proboscis and drinking the animal’s blood, while at the same time invading the host’s reproductive DNA and making the hosts carry out the insect’s young. While Max finds this funny, Ida is horrified to learn that Misty may have been bitten by the insect. Meanwhile, the insect Mick inseminates Misty during a sexual meeting. When Beasley staples an eviction notice to Ida’s apartment door, she encounters Misty, who meets Beasley's criticisms with crude and offensive remarks. Beasley is revolted, calling Misty a monster; Misty thereupon morphs two insectoid eyes and multiple tendrils. The terrified Beasley falls over the stairway to her death. Ida arrives home to witness medics hauling away the corpse of Lana Beasley on a gurney and Betty crying. Misty makes light of the situation, much to Ida’s repulsion. Ida calls Max over to her apartment and finds Misty in the bathtub, who later reveals the location of the hidden predatory insect in the pillow. Ida is convinced that the insect has indeed infected Misty, who then reveals her own secret: her father, Professor Malcolm Wolf, sent the insect to Ida so it would bite her and make her repulsive to Misty, who has long been in love with Ida. Misty then undergoes metamorphosis into a bug-human monster. Responding to Ida’s screams, Max breaks into the apartment, only to be encountered and killed by the monstrous Misty. Then Mick scurries to the terrified Ida lying on the floor and inserts its proboscis into her left ear, beginning the same insemination process with her. Some time later, both Ida and Misty are sitting in the living room couch with large pregnant abdomens, joking about their condition, as the insect Mick continues to inseminate them through left and right ears respectively."] ['Set in London, the film opens with American best-seller author Catherine Tramell  in a speeding car with her companion, Kevin Franks, a famous English football star. Tramell takes the man\'s hand and begins masturbating with it, all the while increasing her vehicle\'s speed. At the point of orgasm, Tramell veers off the road and crashes into the West India Docks in Canary Wharf. She attempts to save her partner but, as she says while being questioned by the police, "When it came down to it, I guess my life was more important to me than his." Tramell is interrogated by Detective Supt. Roy Washburn  of Scotland Yard. He notes that D-Tubocurarine, a neuromuscular blocking agent used to relax muscles during general anesthesia, was found in her car and in her companion\'s body, and the companion wasn\'t breathing at the time of the crash, and that a man named "Dicky Pep" said that he sold Tramell "15 milliliters of DTC last Thursday." Tramell counters by saying that this Dicky Pep must be lying because "you’ve got him on some other charge and he\'s trying to deal his way out, if he even exists." Tramell begins therapy sessions with Dr. Michael Glass , who has conducted a court-ordered psychiatric exam and given testimony in her case. Dr. Glass strongly suspects that Catherine is a sociopath incapable of telling the difference between right and wrong. Tramell begins to play mind games with Dr. Glass, who becomes increasingly frustrated with, yet intrigued by, this mysterious woman. Soon, Dr. Glass\'s own life begins a spiral of destruction. One night, Dr. Glass goes on a date with Michelle Broadwin , and has rough, violent sex with her after dealings with Tramell. Dr. Glass receives a phone call from his ex-wife, Denise , in a state of distress. Her partner, Adam Towers, a journalist writing a negative story about Dr. Glass, has been found strangled to death. Dr. Glass suspects that Tramell committed the murder and is attempting to frame him for it. More murders begin to surface around Dr. Glass as his obsession with Tramell grows and his career and life are threatened – he finds his ex-wife in a bathroom with her throat slit after they have an altercation in a bar. Later the aforementioned Dicky Pep is killed – eventually, he himself can no longer tell right from wrong, and the police begin to suspect Dr. Glass of involvement in the crimes. The situations comes to a head during a confrontation between Dr. Glass and Tramell at her apartment where, after a struggle, Dr. Glass attempts to kill Tramell. Tramell gives Dr. Glass a copy of the draft of her next novel, titled The Analyst. After reading it, he realizes that Catherine has novelized most of the recent events with herself and other people related to Dr. Glass, even himself, as characters. Then it turns out that the character based on herself is going to kill a therapist based on Dr. Glass\'s colleague, Dr. Gardosh . Glass runs to Gardosh\'s apartment to warn her, finding Tramell there to his dismay. Gardosh tells him that he is not in charge with Tramell\'s therapy anymore and that he\'s going to have his license revoked, due to bad practice regarding Tramell\'s treatment. There is a struggle between Glass and Gardosh, in which the latter is knocked out. Catherine then threatens Glass with a gun she carries, but Glass takes it away from her. When Washburn arrives at the scene, Glass shoots him because Tramell told him he had killed the girlfriend of one of Glass\'s patients just to "nail him". In the final scene, Tramell pays a visit to Glass at a local mental hospital where he has been institutionalized, and he learns from her that the subject of her latest best-selling novel was a man very much like him. Tramell claims that she manipulated Glass into committing all those murders for her own amusement, and flashbacks are shown of Dr. Glass committing the murders. Tramell leaves with a wicked smirk on her face, while Glass continues to sit silently in his wheelchair, stymied by frustration and rage.'] ["An engaged couple, Tish and David , take a short vacation to Budapest. David is counsel to Tish's father, an ambassador who does not approve of their relationship, although this does not affect the couple's relationship. While in Budapest, the two indulge in many sexual activities, eventually engaging in a threesome with a local model named Risa, in a hotel in Alhambra. The sexual tryst becomes a personal issue when they receive a letter containing pictures of the menage a trois. Realizing this escapade could ruin their careers, as well as the career of Tish's father, they venture deep into Budapest to find Risa. On their journey, they encounter their blackmailer, the housekeeper of the hotel, who told them about Risa. He demands a sum of $200,000 for the pictures he took, and takes Tish hostage before running off, though he eventually lets her go. The blackmailer encounters David and the men begin firing at each other, but the blackmailer escapes. Going into his apartment, they find the man shot dead. A police officer, detective Kovač, later contacts them and seems to suspect them of murdering the man. Later on they find Risa dead in her apartment and presume the entire ordeal is over. Just as they begin to celebrate, another mysterious man calls them and demands $1,000,000 in exchange for the pictures, which they agree to pay through Tish's contacts and with the help of Kovač. They arrange to meet at an old warehouse, but they do not see the man when they get there. David tells Tish to stay in the car while he goes looking for the man inside, handing her a gun. After he disappears into the warehouse, Kovač  appears at Tish's side of the car and knocks on the window. She informs him that the man said there should be no police, but Kovač tells her that if she wants to see David leave the building alive, she must let him go. After a while Tish hears gunfire and runs into the building, shooting at an SUV which is exiting the warehouse. She then finds Kovač dead inside. Later the mysterious man calls her again and says he has David, and demands a sum of $5,000,000 for his safe return, otherwise he will kill him. She agrees and pays the money. The man informs her that David is tied up and dying in the basement of a store in Budapest. When Tish locates it, she discovers David tied up in the basement, with limited oxygen being fed to him via a mask. She frees him, and they thereafter continue their lives together, without any further interference from the man. On Christmas, Tish and her siblings go shopping in the city, and plan on going for a drink with David, however he calls Tish and informs her he will be working late. Tish decides she will continue shopping and meet David at home. When she boards a subway train in the evening, she notices in the train-car on the rails next to hers, the porn-store owner David knows, a Russian pimp she had tried to work for, Risa, Kovač, and the hotel's housekeeper. They are smiling, as David enters the train-car, and it is made clear to Tish that they plotted everything to get their hands on the $6,000,000 she had given them throughout the events."] ["{{plot}} The 15-year-old honor student Molly Stewart  attends her private prep school in the Los Angeles area by day. However, at night, she transforms to an Angel: the mini-skirted, high-heeled street prostitute working Hollywood Boulevard after school. Some members of her street family are the aging movie cowboy Kit Carson , street performer Yoyo Charlie  transvestite Mae  and fellow hookers Crystal  and Lana . All is not well as hookers are being killed by a psycho-necrophiliac . Los Angeles Police Lt. Andrews  has been assigned to the case, but he has no leads. Tragedy strikes Angel's group of friends when Crystal becomes a victim. The next day at school, Molly sees teacher Patricia Allen  who is concerned about Molly's lack of extra-curricular activities. Molly explains that her mother has been paralyzed by a stroke and she needs to go home immediately after school every day to take care of her. Lt. Andrews advises the girls to work in pairs. Angel is working with her partner, Lana, when Lana takes a potential client to a motel room she and Angel share. A couple of hours later, when Angel shows up at the room with a client of her own, she finds the body of Lana in the shower where the killer left it. Based on a description Angel gives the police, a sketch is made and the killer is brought in for a lineup. Angel recognizes him, but he escapes shooting his way out of the police station. Andrews takes Molly/Angel home to speak with her parents, but he finds out that Molly's father had left nine years ago and that her mother had abandoned Molly three years ago. Molly keeps up the fiction of her mother being around so that she will not be sent to a foster home and believes someday her father will return. Thus, since the age of 12, she has paid the rent by prostitution. Despite Andrews's warnings to stay off the street, Angel/Molly purchases a pistol and goes back to work. But that night, one of her schoolmates, Ric Sawyer, and some of his friends see Angel, and before long, the whole school commences to realize that Molly spends her evenings as a Hollywood hooker. The next day, Ms. Allen visits Molly’s apartment, insisting on seeing Molly’s mother. Mae pretends to be Molly's mother, but Allen sees through this subterfuge. Later, Mae is still at the apartment when the killer shows up and stabs Mae to death. Andrews and Molly return to her apartment to find Mae dead. Molly heads out on the streets with a huge, long-barrelled magnum to avenge Mae, and Andrews goes after her. After a fight and chase, Carson, whom Andrews has enlisted to help, shoots the killer, and Molly, Andrews and a wounded Carson walk off together as the scene fades to black."] [' A woman named Linda has an extramarital affair. It goes badly wrong, as her fling is not willing to give her up.'] ['The film opens with a flirtatious online chat between 14-year-old  Hayley Stark and 32-year-old photographer Jeff KohlverWhile written as &ldquo;Jeff&rdquo; in the film credits and early script, most revisions of the script spell it as &ldquo;Geoff.&rdquo; An example can be seen in the DVD featurette &ldquo;Making Hard Candy,&rdquo; at about 35 minutes. ([[Patrick Wilson  who agree to meet for the first time at a café. After further flirtation, Hayley suggests they return to Jeff&rsquo;s house. Once there, Hayley makes them both screwdrivers after telling Jeff that she would not drink something that she did not mix herself. Hayley, who appears slightly intoxicated, suggests that Jeff take some photographs of her, similar to the ones of young girls displayed on the walls of his home. As Hayley dances and poses, Jeff begins to feel disoriented and eventually passes out.Fall Frights: HARD CANDY Jeff wakes up tied to a wheeled computer chair. Hayley explains that she drugged him and has also been tracking him, knowing he is a pedophile. Jeff denies the allegations, saying he had innocent intentions. Hayley frantically searches the house, eventually finding a hidden safe in his rock garden containing a photo of Donna Mauer, a local girl who had been kidnapped and remains missing. Jeff denies involvement in Mauer&rsquo;s disappearance and tries to escape. Hayley asphyxiates him with plastic wrap until he passes out again. Jeff once again wakes, this time tied to a steel table with a bag of ice on his genitals. Hayley once again confronts him about Donna Mauer, informing Jeff that she is going to castrate him. After a long conversation, she begins composing an e-mail to Janelle, Jeff&rsquo;s ex-girlfriend. Jeff attempts to dissuade her with threats, negotiation, and a long plea for sympathy based on a story of the abuse he suffered as a child, but Hayley proceeds with the operation. Following its conclusion, she steps out of the room claiming to leave to take a shower. Jeff breaks free and observes what appears to be a plastic bag containing what used to be his genitalia. After seeing this, he quickly checks for his testicles. After realizing they are intact and unharmed, he realizes she faked the castration. Angered that she had psychologically tortured him, he storms off in a blunt rage in search of Hayley. Scalpel in hand, he follows Hayley to the bathroom, only to find that the shower is empty and he has walked into a trap; Hayley knocks him unconscious once again, this time with a stun gun. Jeff awakens once more, this time standing on a chair, his hands bound, with a noose around his neck. Hayley reveals that she has written a fake suicide note on his behalf and she makes Jeff an offer. He can commit suicide, and Hayley will erase the evidence of his crimes. If he refuses to kill himself, Hayley will knock the chair out from under him and fully expose his secrets. Their conversation is interrupted when a neighbor  knocks on the door. Hayley answers and convinces the neighbor that she is Jeff&rsquo;s niece who is staying for the weekend. When the neighbor asks her basic questions, Hayley stammers and tells unconvincing lies. When Hayley returns, Jeff breaks free from the noose and pursues her to the roof &mdash; where she has brought the noose and holds him off with the gun. Hayley reveals that she has contacted Janelle, who is driving to the house as they speak. She tells him that if he does not commit suicide, she will pull off her own clothes and run into Janelle&rsquo;s arms, crying and screaming. Jeff finally confesses that he was involved in Donna Mauer&rsquo;s death, but that he only watched while his accomplice committed the murder. He promises that, if she spares his life, he will disclose the other man&rsquo;s name and help her find him. Hayley reveals that &ldquo;Aaron&rdquo;, the man Jeff claims killed Mauer, told her the same thing before killing himself. Janelle arrives and Hayley urges Jeff to kill himself to avoid prosecution and prison, where he will be branded as a child molester and brutalized. She reminds him that her offer is still on the table. Jeff, defeated, lets Hayley slide the noose around his neck with no resistance. He takes the deadly step off the roof with Hayley promising &ldquo;I&rsquo;ll take care of it all&hellip;&rdquo; Hayley looks over the side of the house, observing Jeff, and simply states: &ldquo;&hellip;or not.&rdquo; She gathers her belongings and escapes through the woods at the rear of the house. She stops for a moment to sit and the scene cuts to Hayley walking down the road with the hood on her jacket over her head.'] ["Alex Connor is a college teacher whose wife Cynthia is diagnosed with cancer. As her health detoriates, he starts a short-lived affair with Sheila Hart, one of his art students. He soon regrets his actions and ends the affair immediately, but Sheila is not willing to accept that she is no longer his mistress. Alex's home life soon starts to look better, as Cynthia is getting back her health. Now, his only problem is Sheila, who has started her own revenge plan. Determined to win him back, she starts to terrorize him, even going as far as dating his son Rick to make him jealous."] ['The movie about a female detective who is forced to go undercover as a stripper in order to investigate a recent murder.'] ['In 1940s Japanese-occupied Shanghai, a well-dressed, attractive young Chinese woman, "Mrs. Mai" , is sitting in a café in a posh neighborhood. When she makes a call to a man, her seemingly innocuous dialogue is a coded signal that prompts a cell of young resistance agents to load their weapons and spring into action. ;Hong Kong 1938 The film then flashes back in time to the events in 1938 that led up to the transformation of the shy, inexperienced university student Wong Chia Chi into the glamorously dressed and seemingly well-to-do Mrs. Mai, her cover role in the Chinese resistance against Japanese invasion. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chia Chi had been left behind in China by her father, who is going to re-marry in the United Kingdom. Chia Chi flees from Shanghai to Hong Kong and attends her first year at Lingnan University. A male student named Kuang Yu Min  invites her to join his patriotic drama club. Chia Chi becomes a lead actress in the club, inspiring both her audience and her new-found friend Kuang. Fired up from the drama troupe\'s patriotic plays, Kuang urges the group to make a more concrete contribution to the war against Japan. He devises a plan to assassinate Mr. Yee , who is a special agent and recruiter of the puppet government set up by the Japanese Government in China. The beautiful Chia Chi is chosen to take on the undercover role of Mrs Mai, the elegant wife of the owner of a Hong Kong based trading company, she insinuates herself in the social circle of Mrs. Yee . She catches the eye of Mr. Yee and tries to lure him into a location where he can be assassinated. Yee is attracted to Chia Chi and once steps very close to the trap but withdraws at the last minute. It comes to light that Chia Chi is still a virgin, and she reluctantly consents to sleeping with Liang Jun-Sheng , another student involved in the plot to kill Mr. Yee, in order to play into her role as a married woman if she were to sleep with Mr. Yee. It is obvious that Kuang is upset by this, but nevertheless agrees to the two "practicing" every following night. But not long after that, Mr. and Mrs. Yee move back to Shanghai all of a sudden, leaving the students with no further chance to complete their assassination plan. With Yee gone, the university students believe there is no need to maintain the facade and therefore pack up and clean up the rented apartment. An armed subordinate of Yee turns up in their apartment unannounced and finds their sudden packing very suspicious. Spotting their university tanktops, the subordinate realises that "Mr. & Mrs. Mai" are not who they claim they are. The university students kill the subordinate and are forced to go into hiding afterward. ;Shanghai, 1942 In Shanghai, three years later, Chia Chi again encounters Kuang, who is now an undercover agent of the KMT, which is seeking to overturn the Japanese occupation force and their puppet government. He enlists her into a renewed assassination plan to kill Yee. By this time, Mr. Yee has become the head of secret police department under the puppet government and is responsible for capturing and executing resistance agents who are working for the KMT. Eventually, Chia Chi becomes Mr. Yee\'s mistress. During their first encounter Yee is rough with Chia Chi, virtually raping her by throwing her down onto the bed and tying her up with his belt. However, over the weeks that follow their sexual relationship becomes very passionate and deeply emotional, but also very conflicted for both of them, especially for Chia Chi, who is setting her lover up for assassination. When Chia Chi reports to her superior officer in the KMT, she exhorts him to carry out the assassination soon, so that she will not have to continue her sexual liaisons with the brutal Yee, but the officer argues that the assassination needs to be delayed for strategic reasons. Chia Chi describes the inhuman emotional conflict she is in, on one hand sexually and emotionally bound to Mr. Yee and on the other hand part of a plot to kill him. When Mr. Yee sends Chia Chi to a jewelry store with a sealed envelope, she is surprised to discover that he has arranged for a large and extremely rare six carat pink diamond for her, to be mounted in a ring. This provides the Chinese resistance with a chance to get at Mr. Yee when he is not accompanied by his bodyguards. The next time Chia Chi and Mr. Yee meet, she asks him to go to the jewellery store with her to collect the diamond ring. As they enter the shop, she notices several resistance agents waiting to spring the trap. But, after first demurring, when she puts on the magnificent ring, and experiences Mr. Yee\'s love for her, she is overcome by emotion and breaks down and urges him twice to "Go, now." Mr. Yee realizes her meaning, runs out of the shop and is rushed away by his driver, and escapes the assassination attempt. By the end of the day most of the resistance group including Kuang and Chia Chi herself are captured. It is revealed that Mr. Yee\'s deputy has been aware of the resistance cell, but did not inform Mr. Yee, both because of Mr. Yee\'s relationship with Chia Chi and because the deputy had hoped to use this opportunity to catch the resistance cell leader. Mr. Yee, emotionally in turmoil, signs their death warrants and the resistance group members, including Chia Chi, are led out to a quarry and executed. In the last scene, Mr. Yee sits on Chia Chi\'s empty bed in the family guest room, and informs his wife that their house guest is gone, and that she should not ask any questions.'] ["Nick Cavanaugh  is a lonely Atlanta surgeon obsessed with a woman named Helena . After she is injured in a grievous hit-and-run motor vehicle accident in front of his home, he kidnaps and treats her in his house surreptitiously, amputating both of her legs. Later, he amputates her healthy arms as well. Though Helena is the victim of Nick's kidnapping and mutilation, she dominates the dialogue with her constant ridiculing of him for all of his shortcomings. After some time living together she becomes lonely and returns his affection."] ['The film follows a beautiful but troubled young girl, Debbie Strand , placed in foster care with her estranged grandmother in Los Angeles after her mother and father die in a suspicious house fire. Her grandmother is an ultra-conservative fundamentalist Christian, who is convinced that she can undo years of Debbie\'s presumed hedonism with some "correctional therapy." Shortly thereafter she begins to abuse Debbie and forces her to wear demeaning and outdated clothes. Debbie soon becomes enthralled with Peter Rinaldi , an English teacher at her new high school. However, Peter has a fiancée named Marilyn and strong scruples, so he repeatedly rejects Debbie\'s advances. Before long, Peter finds that his life is ruined and the bodies are piling up. During the hectic climax, Debbie breaks into Marilyn\'s home with the intention of wiping her out. Peter soon realizes Debbie is there and is quickly on his way. Meanwhile, Debbie confronts Marilyn. Marilyn runs through the kitchen, but Debbie tackles her to the ground. After a brief scuffle, Debbie is too strong as she knocks the helpless Marilyn unconscious. As she attempts to murder her, Peter rushes in and saves the day.'] ["The film is about a group of Las Vegas sexy showgirls who are undercover agents working with a former C.I.A. agent  to stop a terrorist attack. The film takes its name from the Riveria hotel and casino's showgirls show, and includes scenes showing the hotel and the bronzed thong and butt sculpture. In one scene drag queens dressed as Cher, Marilyn Monroe, and Michael Jackson are seated in the audience."] ['Bill Capa , a New York City psychoanalyst, falls into a deep depression after a patient commits suicide in front of him by jumping from his office window. The sight of the bloody body of his patient clad in a bright green dress causes Capa to suffer from psychosomatic color blindness, taking away his ability to see the color red. To restart his life, Capa travels to Los Angeles to stay with a friend, fellow therapist and best-selling author Dr. Bob Moore , who invites him to sit in on a group therapy session. But one night Moore is violently murdered in the office and Capa is plunged into the mystery of his friend\'s death. Moore would gather his patients every Monday for a discussion of their problems, and police detective Lt. Hector Martinez  considers them, and Capa, suspects in the murder. Capa continues to live in Moore\'s house and begins an affair with Rose , a mysterious girl who comes and goes without warning into his life. As relationships develop, Capa takes over Moore\'s patients and learns of their pasts and obsessions: * Clark  suffers from severe obsessive compulsive disorder and insists on cleanliness and counting things. This led him to beat up his wife. * Sondra Dorio  is a nymphomaniac and kleptomaniac. She stabbed her father with a knife and fork and one of her husbands died of unnatural causes. * Buck  is a suicidal ex-cop. The murder of his wife and daughter remains unsolved. * Casey Heinz ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor  is the arrogant son of a wealthy man. He paints sado-masochist works of art and once burned down his father\'s house. * Richie is a 16-year-old with a stutter and a gender identity problem. He wants to be a woman and has a history of drug use. Soon, one of these patients is violently murdered, and Capa himself becomes the target of several attempts on his life. He also discovers that all but one of his patients have been romantically involved with Rose. This leads to a twist ending: "Richie" is really Rose, and the murders have been committed by her deranged brother Dale . They actually had a brother named Richie who was molested by a child psychiatrist named Niedelmeyer. Richie committed suicide and, unable to cope with the loss, Dale forced Rose to play the part of their brother. Dale &mdash; who was also one of Niedelmeyer\'s victims &mdash; began abusing Rose until she actually became "Richie". When "Richie" was arrested for drug possession, "he" was forced into therapy. Rose soon started to re-emerge and, under another personality, "Bonnie," started relationships with other members of the group. Dale proceeded to kill them, fearing that they would soon link Rose to "Richie". When Capa confronts Rose and Dale over this, Dale tries to kill him but is instead killed by Rose. Deeply traumatized, she tries to commit suicide but Capa is able to stop her, bookending the story with two suicide attempts &mdash; one at the beginning, resulting in Capa\'s loss of color vision, and one at the end, thwarted and resulting in his regaining it.'] ['The police officer fails in chasing a drug dealer in Los Angeles. So his boss Hugh Janus transfers him to Hawaii for disciplinary reasons. On the island some former female students are just gathering in a luxury hotel. The young ladies once belonged to the sorority "Omeaga Kappa Omega" and are now invited to an erotic photo shoot which is organised by Derek Simmons, the editor of the Cavalier Magazine. Shortly after their arrival, Terri Walker, one of the former students, is strangled in the pool while her friend William Culp is absent for some minutes. Detective Newman begins to investigate the murder together with his new colleague Julie Seska and the coroner Ferguson. Next to Terri\'s corpse they find a document which resembles a final examination certificate and has the imprint "Failed" on it. William tells them to observe Derek Simmons very closely. In the following night, the next student dies. Amanda Calvin is lured outside to the pool by a phone call and falls victim to the unknown murderer. Later the cops find William in the hotel room of the student Megan Davidson, who also belongs to the group. They just had sex and now they are questioned. The cops get to know the background of the series of murders. Five years ago, Rachel Kincaid committed suicide by falling from a bridge in her car. At that time she was the favourite for the election of the sorority\'s speaker, but she was mobbed by her competitor Kristen Neal, who is also present in Hawaii now. After Newman and Seska have clarified these connections, William wants to inform them about something. But bevor Newman meets him, the young man is killed by the murderer and can only indicate that there is some problem with Rachel. Newman again gets in contact with his colleague Rita in Los Angeles, who had already provided him with the file about Rachel, and asks for Simmons. Rita gets to know that the editor of the magazine is actually called James Derek Kincaid and that he is Rachel\'s brother. He has gathered the students in the hotel to take revenge for his sister\'s death. Megan and Kristen, who are the only surviving people among the invited students, meet at the hotel room. It is the fifth anniversary of Rachel\'s suicide. Kristen suspects Megan and threatens her with a pistol. Suddenly the lights go out and she forces Megan to go into the hallway where she runs across the murderer. Kristen is able to expel the killer, but accidentally shoots at Seska. Newman just arrives in time to stop the killer who really proves to be Simmons alias Kincaid. With the help of a photo, the detective realises that the case is not yet complete. As he has been intimate with the photographer Tayler Cameron before he recognizes her necklace. She is a sister of Rachel and Derek. Now she overwhelms Kristen and threatens to strangulate her. When Newman intervenes, she escapes to a rock over the pool. She stabs a knife in her body and falls down into the water. The cop just wants to announce the next corpse, but she attacks him. Newman shoots Taylor in self-defense. At the same time his colleagues in Los Angeles arrest professor Andrews, who was not only Rachel\'s study adviser, but also impregnated his student before she died. When they arrive at the police station, the cop Sam reveals to be another brother of Rachel. He shoots the professor.'] ['Therapist Tess Parker  meets Paul Tomlinson , an English professor she\'s wacky over, and he\'s also a guy that is too good to be true. Her patient Carla , comes to Tess to tell her about her former lover who wanted to marry her but needed some time after his wife\'s death, even though they started going out when he was still married, but he left it a year and never came back, only to tell her that he was with someone else. Tess tries to comfort her after she thought Carla was going to jump of the edge of a building. The descriptions Carla gives Tess of her former lover seem some what familiar, but it is until the time she saw her after that, that Carla shows Tess her ring that was given to her by him, and a book that she always carries around written by him, Author: Paul Tomlinson, and just to clarify, his picture too. Tess eventually confronts Paul about this and he says that he knew her as a librarian, and the time Tess saw him hug her was to thank her for getting a \'hard to find\' book for him. He says he had no relationship with her at all except sending her flowers to thank her for all her help with the book, and that he was not sleeping with her. Tess, believes him and they go on a merry-go-round together. Afterwards, they walked around the funfair and had a lovely, little snog. Unfortunately, Carla was passing by and shouted at Tess for using her to steal him away from her. Tess told Carla that she wasn\'t, but Carla slapped her and drove away. Tess tried to run after her but Paul said to let her go. He gave her a hug and said "God save them all". The next day, Tess goes to Carla\'s apartment, Carla wouldn\'t go to the door but it was open so Tess walked in. Carla was nowhere to be seen, so Tess had a snoop around, she found a picture of Paul, a pot from his favourite Japanese restaurant, another book written by him, but more importantly, in a wooden chest, she found some love letters, she opened one, at the top it said \'dear my love\', and at the bottom, it said \'with all my love, Paul\'. Disturbed, she walked out with the letter. At night, in bed, she has a dream about making perfect love to Paul. In the morning, she has a shower and gets out when the slightly ajar bathroom door shuts, assuming someone was there. She then finds Paul\'s jumper on her chair. She jumps when she hears Carla\'s voice and is horrified when she turns around and finds that Carla is there. Carla tells her that Paul left it at her house this morning and came round to show her and taunt her. Tess shouts at her to get out or that she\'d call the police. Carla said it was a good idea because Tess was in danger. Carla told Tess that she\'s warning her to stay away from Paul because he killed his wife, and that he\'d kill again. Carla walked out. Outside Tess\'s house, Paul came and said he was worried about her. She told him that Carla dropped in on her shower this morning, she showed him that Carla\'s  sweater. He said he had no idea how she got it. He told her maybe she stole it because she said it herself that she broke into her house and that she was capable of anything. Then she showed him the love letter, she asked him if he wrote it, he said yes-to his wife, he had been trying to find them. Suddenly Tess asked him how his wife died, he said this was sick. He said it was an accident, she was hiking up in the mountains and he guessed that she tripped and fell, he guessed because he wasn\'t there because they had just had an argument and he went back to the cabin, the rangers said it looked like she slipped. She told him that Carla said he killed his wife. He said they weren\'t the perfect couple by any means, but he loved her. She apologised and said that she didn\'t know to explain her behaviour lately, she let herself get sucked into Carla\'s delusions. He forgave her. She asked why he was here and he said that she called and the school told him that Tess had left a message saying that it was urgent. Then they both realised, Carla. Her front door was already open. They started looking for her. Tess tried the kitchen and found everything broken and thrown around. The meat in her freezer had been stabbed, and there was blood on the walls. Paul told Tess to go back to his place and let the police take care of Carla. At Paul\'s place, he went for a shower and she fell asleep after a tiring day. She woke up, and wandered into another room-where she found his wedding picture, the glass had broken in half. The door closed behind her and she was locked in. She tried to get out but she couldn\'t. She realised that a chair was on fire and the smoke alarm went off. More desperate than ever, she struggled with the door and shouted Paul\'s name. Just in time, Paul came and opened the door and pulled her out. As he tried to put out the fire, she called 911. They arrested Carla. The police told Tess and Paul that they were only going to question her because for all they knew, it could have been either one of those two because the fire was set. Tess and Paul went to Paul\'s other house, it was snowing there. Later, again, they went to bed together. And as a surprise for Tess, Paul put a ring on Tess\'s finger. It was a surprise for her, as it was the same ring as Carla said he had made especially for her. This was enough to start believing that Paul was telling lies, and that it was Carla all along who spoke the truth. She told him she\'d be right back and went upstairs to change and pack, as he was looking the other way she quietly came down the stairs and left. In the car Carla showed up after she had been questioned and told her she\'d have to run, because the roads were covered with ice. Tess asked her what she was doing and Carla replied "saving your life". She said it was him who messed up her kitchen and started the fire. They ran off. After waiting for a while, shouting her name with no replies, and searching upstairs to find no-one except a dressing gown, he realised she had gone. Paul changed, and left as well. As Tess and Carla were running on because Carla new the route well, Paul found it easy to follow them because it was snowing and he just followed their footprints. He eventually caught up with them. Carla told him that Tess knew everything and he told Tess that he loved her. Carla told him that Tess knew that he killed his wife. He said she was crazy. She reminded him when he brought her up there that weekend and his wife found them, and when he told his wife how much he loved Carla. She said that when his wife\'s back was turned on the mountains, he snuck up and pushed her. Tess interfered and said that if Carla was lying, how would he explain the ring, that Carla has exactly the same. He said he only gave the same ring to his wife whom never took it off, and as far as he knew, she was buried with it. That is when they realised. Tess asked Carla, "you killed her?". She said she did it for each other. Paul angrily started walking forward. Carla was slowly walking back and didn\'t notice a huge drop behind her, she slipped, and fell, but she was holding on...to Paul\'s hand. He said that he should let her die. Tess said no, hold on. Paul did, but it was too hard, she fell again and held on to a rock. Her last words were to Paul saying "you still love me, don\'t you?", until her hands slipped of the rock and she fell to her death crashing into many more sharp rocks along the way. Tess cries and Paul comforts her. Outside Paul\'s second house, we have to assume the next day, Tess and Paul, are getting ready to leave, putting their luggage in the car. Paul finishes putting the rest in the boot as Tess gets into the car. Looking for a map she opens a draw in the front of the car, finding two tiny boxes thinking they were for her, she opens them two find two identical heart rings, the same as she had been given from Paul and the same as his wife had been given from him. We see her with a weird face. The film ends with the camera zooming out on Paul getting into the car.'] ["With his pregnant wife at death's door after a car crash, desperate husband John Barrett  invades the home of Mark Driscoll  and holds both Driscoll and his rich, neglected wife Sally  hostage in order to understand the events that led to his wife ending up in a coma."] ["Two beautiful women roam the English countryside, luring unsuspecting men to their estate for orgies of sex and blood. But when an innocent young couple stumble into the vampires' lair, they find themselves sucked into an unforgettable vortex of savage lust and forbidden desires."] ["After her mother dies in a mysterious car accident, 17-year-old Megan , daughter of a wealthy businessman lives a reckless lifestyle. A year later, she is almost killed by a horse who has lost control, though she is rescued by Rich , a young man who works at the ski resort owned by her father Cy ([[Jean LeClerc . Grateful, she invites him to her party, where she thanks him again by having sex with him in her father's bed. The next morning, Cy comes home and almost catches them. Even though he does not, he angers Megan by forbidding her to see any guys. Unlike Cy, Rich's girlfriend Darla  does find out about the affair, and dumps him. Rich wastes no time and enters into a passionate relationship with Megan. She soon introduces him to her father, but he disapproves of him, and Megan tells Rich that they cannot see each other any longer. Devastated, Rich turns to his womanizing half-brother Wes  for comfort, who encourages him to do everything to get Megan back. He follows her to a bar, where she is seen giving a large sum of money to a criminal-looking man. Rich catches her getting intimate with the guy, and knocks him down as a response. Megan then apologizes to Rich, and claims that she did not think that he really loved her and was only testing him how much he would be willing to do for her. He immediately takes her back and they accompany each other to a bar, where Wes always hangs out with his friends. While Rich is arguing with Darla, who accuses him of going out with her only because of her money, Megan is seen having an argument with Wes. As they go to their home together, they run into Cy, who calls her daughter a slut for bringing a boy home, resulting into a huge fight. Rich decides to go home, where he finds Wes sleeping with Darla. Enraged, he tries to beat up Wes, but Darla stops them by attending Rich that he does not own her. Rich decides to return to Megan's place, where she - fed up with fighting with her father - convinces him that her father killed her mother and that they should kill him, and run off with the money. Rich, blinded by the potently sexual relationship, is in two minds about what to do. The next day, Rich and Wes are shocked to find out that Darla has been killed in a horse riding accident. Meanwhile, Megan turns out hospitalized for whom she claims to Rich is her father to blame. Rich, seeing how severely beaten up she is, fears of losing her someday to Cy's abuse, and promises her to help her. As they return home, Megan tells Rich that she has placed a bomb in his bike, and that 'it will all be over soon'. The next morning, Rich is invited by Cy to accompany him on a bike ride, causing Rich to witness the explosion that throws him almost off a cliff. As Cy falls to his death, he tells Rich that he did not kill his wife. Rich starts to suspect that Megan may not be who he thinks she is, and meanwhile, he becomes the prime suspect in Cy's death in the investigation of Detective Anderson . Despite Anderson's attempts to make him turn in Megan, Rich denies any involvement in the entire ordeal, though evidence points against him. Wes is shocked that his brother would have killed anyone, and is mad at him for not having killed their own abusing father. Shortly later, Megan bails out Rich, and gives him her car to skip town with. She promises him that she will follow him soon after collecting her father's money. Rich drives off, but, not trusting her anymore, checks the car and finds a bomb in it. He is able to get away just in time for the explosion and immediately rushes to her house. There, it is revealed that Megan and Wes were lovers all along and planned the murders and schemes together in order to be together. Rich confronts his half-brother, and Wes informs him that he tried to frame him because he has always hated him. As Wes is about to shoot Rich, Megan kills Wes. She tries to put the entire blame on Wes, but Rich does not believe her, prompting her to reveal that she was the mastermind behind it all. As she tries to shoot Rich, the police arrive, killing Megan immediately in self defense. Rich was wired throughout the final scene, which clears him from all charges, though he has nobody important in his life anymore, leaving him empty inside."] ["Seven students answer an advertisement to participate in an experiment to explore how the sensation of pain can be eliminated. Arriving at a secluded institute, they are welcomed by mysterious and eccentric scientist JB Divay . But when students begin to disappear one by one, they begin to question JB's true intentions. In a final showdown, Jason  confronts her and discovers his boyfriend Kyle  strapped to a table beneath her final experiment, inches away from the razor's edge."] ['Seattle software company DigiCom is about to merge with a publishing company, and company founder and president Bob Garvin  is about to retire. Tom Sanders , head of manufacturing, expects to be promoted to run DigiCom after the merger. However, he learns that the post instead went to operations executive Meredith Johnson , a former girlfriend from long ago. Garvin introduces Meredith to her new associates. Co-workers like Mark Lewyn  comment to Tom on how attractive Meredith is. Others like chief financial officer Stephanie Kaplan  seem to be aware that Tom and Meredith had a relationship in the past. Late that evening, Meredith calls Tom into her office, ostensibly to discuss a project he is working on. Meredith aggressively tries to resume her romantic relationship with him. Tom resists  as he is now a married family man. He repeatedly tells Meredith "No." Meredith ignores Tom, aggressively forcing herself on him. Tom initially gives in, but after catching a glimpse of himself in a mirror, he regains control and pushes Meredith to the ground. As he leaves, Meredith threatens to make him pay for spurning her. The next day, Tom discovers that Meredith alleged sexual harassment against him to DigiCom. Colleagues refuse to believe his protestations of innocence and the company pressures him to accept reassignment to the company\'s Austin office. Tom does not want to do this, as he would lose his stock options, ruining his career and family. However, since no one believes his story and Meredith is now his boss, he appears to have no choice but to accept reassignment or be fired. Just as all seems hopeless, Tom receives an e-mail from someone identified only as "A Friend." It directs him to Seattle attorney Catherine Alvarez , who specializes in sexual harassment cases. Tom counter-sues, alleging that Meredith is the one who harassed him. Evidence is produced that supports Tom\'s story and refutes Meredith\'s testimony before a court mediator. The company backs down and gives him a large pay raise. Tom is celebrating his apparent victory, but receives another e-mail from "A Friend" warning him that all is not what it seems. It turns out that Meredith and Garvin\'s assistant, Philip Blackburn , changed the quality control specifications at the Malaysian plant manufacturing DigiCom\'s new advanced CD-ROM drive. The changes resulted in severe defects in the drive, and Meredith and Phil are trying to cover their tracks by getting Tom to take the fall for them. They plan to pin the blame on him at a conference the next day announcing the merger. The plan is to make Tom look incompetent, thereby giving them a valid reason to fire him. Tom cannot access a company computer to investigate because Meredith has locked him out of the system. He spends a tense and frantic night getting the information through a Virtual Reality demonstration machine left in the hotel room of executives from the merging company, with help from a colleague who owes him a favor. Armed with this information, he manages to again turn the tables on Meredith, exposing her involvement and getting her fired instead. Tom thinks this puts him back in the running to helm DigiCom, but Garvin instead names Stephanie, the low-key CFO, as his successor. Tom heartily approves. It occurs to him that her son, Spencer , could very well be the "friend" responsible for helping him via e-mail. With a knowing look, Spencer does not deny this. In the end, Tom is left in the same position he was in at the beginning of the film, but only after a narrow escape. He is left musing over the fact that two women  were responsible for saving him.'] ['Christine Carlson , an American college student, travels to West Germany to visit her fiancee Mike , who is serving in the US Army there. She tries to convince him to marry her promptly, but he chooses to delay marriage in order to re-enlist. Distraught by Mike\'s decision, Christine takes a late-night walk where she witnesses a kidnapping by the East German Stasi and gets kidnapped herself as well. She is transported to the East Zone, where she is brutally interrogated by the Stasi, forced to admit to false charges of espionage, and thrown into a women\'s prison with the common criminals, including the gang leader Sofia , who is the prisoners\' "top bitch" and has de facto control of the entire prison population. Sofia takes pleasure in brutally tormenting and harassing Christine, until the latter loses her patience and fights Sofia in a no-holds-barred brawl. Meanwhile, Mike is determined to free his beloved, and tries to get the US Army and the West German BND to help him. At first they refuse, but ultimately they reluctantly go along with his plans and help him free Christine.'] ["Two affairs, a generation apart. Nick ([[Kevin Anderson , a professor of architecture in upstate New York, comes to an Illinois town to be with his birth mother  in the final days of her illness; he was adopted and has never known her. On the first day, he runs into Paul , a college friend, whose construction company is demolishing an old, downtown department store where a murder-suicide happened 30 years before. The building is of beautiful cast-iron construction, so Nick wants to study it before the demolition. Paul introduces Nick to his wife, Jane , and over the next four days, their attraction grows as Nick explores the old building, attends his mother's bedside, and unravels the past."] ['During the Prohibition era, 13-year-old Lila Lee  is summoned by letter to visit her injured father, a gangster, before he dies. She runs away from the Reverend , who has raised her and in whose church she has become well known as a singer, though her extraordinary beauty is beginning to attract attention as well. She ends up taking a bus to the strange town of Astaroth, where people have the "Astaroth Look." En route, Lila is menaced in a swamp by a band of mindless vampires who haunt the woods and town. She is rescued by a mysterious woman named Lemora , who takes a fancy to her. It seems Lemora is the one who called the girl to her, though whether to protect or to corrupt her remains to be seen. Lemora takes Lila to an old house, where she bathes the girl and tries to soothe her. Exploring, Lila discovers the truth: Lemora is a vampire who feeds upon children and is holding her father captive. She is also the unofficial queen of the Astaroth vampires.  While trying to escape, Lila embarks on a nighttime journey through the town of Astaroth, learning in the process that there are two types of vampires there. The one fraction is like Lemora herself, relatively human in behavior and appearance, while the others are mutated or perhaps regressed, far more feral in behavior and monstrous in form; and the two groups are at war. Meanwhile, the Reverend, who is seeking Lila, manages to retrace her steps. After a climactic battle which leaves most of the vampires dead, Lila is forced to kill her own father, who has become one of the degenerates. As she weeps over his corpse, Lemora approaches her and offers her comfort by her vampire\'s kiss. When the Reverend shows up not long after, he finds Lila willing, even eager to kiss him. He resists at first, then he gives in. That is when she drives her fangs into his throat. The film ends showing Lila singing again in church. Whether this was intended to indicate the story was a dream, that it was a "flash forward" or that Lila returned as a vampire to the Church—or perhaps some other explanation—is left ambiguous.'] ['At a ball, U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell meets a young woman, Susan Atwell, and the two immediately begin an affair, although Atwell is involved with someone else. During his next Naval deployment, Farrell rescues a fellow sailor during a storm and becomes a hero. He is brought back to Washington to work at The Pentagon for Secretary of Defense David Brice on the recommendation of his General Counsel Scott Pritchard, an old friend of Farrell\'s. Brice, determined to cancel a boondoggle Navy project that has powerful political backing, decides that Farrell should act as his direct liaison to the CIA to gather information about whether the Soviets really are working on a similar project. Soon after, Farrell finds out that the other man in Susan\'s life is Secretary Brice, who in turn learns of Susan\'s infidelity. While demanding the name of her new lover, Brice slaps Susan in a jealous rage, knocking her off an indoor balcony to her death. Ready to turn himself in, Brice is persuaded by Pritchard to cover up everything and blame it on someone else. They concoct a story that Susan\'s other lover was in fact a long-suspected but never confirmed KGB sleeper agent code-named "Yuri." In the aftermath, they focus all attention on an attempt to capture him. Confident that "Yuri" doesn\'t exist, CIA director Marshall dismisses the possibility of Pritchard having an affair with Susan, saying that Pritchard is homosexual. Brice appoints Farrell to lead the investigation to find Susan\'s other lover, placing him in the position of attempting to find evidence that could implicate himself. The only forensic evidence in the case is a discarded Polaroid negative recovered from Susan\'s house, which requires lengthy computer processing to become visible, and semen found in Susan\'s vagina, though mentioned, it is not pursued in the film, as PCR analysis of DNA was not yet in common use. Farrell pleads with systems analyst and old friend Sam Hesselman to slow down the processing, and tells him about Susan and Brice. Meanwhile, Farrell sets about proving Brice was involved with Susan by searching computer files for evidence that Brice gave Susan a government-registered gift he had previously received from Morocco. Pritchard harasses Nina Beka, a close friend of Susan\'s, by threatening deportation back to South Africa, then sends covert assassins to kill her, but Farrell rescues her just in time. A suspicious Sam goes to Pritchard with concerns about what Farrell told him. Realizing that Sam can implicate Brice, Pritchard shoots and kills him. Farrell obtains the printout before the picture implicating him becomes visible and presents it to Brice, who then shifts the blame to Pritchard, arguing that Pritchard was jealous of his relationship with Susan. A devastated Pritchard commits suicide and is falsely exposed as "Yuri" to the police by Brice, hoping to escape blame for Susan\'s death, and Farrell, who is free of suspicion, is finally able to leave the Pentagon. As Farrell sits beside Susan\'s grave, two plainclothes men arrive and take him away for questioning. One of the interrogators is Farrell\'s landlord, who addresses Farrell in Russian. Farrell, who responds in kind, is in fact the real "Yuri", and his landlord is his KGB supervisor. Yuri/Farrell was planted in the U.S. as a teenager and became the KGB\'s "mole" in the Department of Defense. Aware of Brice\'s affair, the Russians assigned Farrell to seduce the Secretary of Defense\'s mistress and gather intelligence from her. Although his handlers demand that he return to the Soviet Union, Farrell refuses and leaves as his handler quips, "He will return. Where else does he have to go?"'] ['The story is set in New York: the main storyline revolves around two friends who move in together. One of them meets a seemingly perfect woman  who, in secret, kills all the men who she sleeps with. She is a succubus type demon who seeks blood and vengeance against men foolish enough to be tempted by her.  The audience is first given a taste of the vampire\'s powers when she kills a local in the public house, where the main story is played. After questions are asked, the main character, known as Joel  falls for her and is, despite his insightful religious friend\'s advice, killed by her. However, the religious friend eventually kills the woman through brandishing his cross and stabbing her in the heart. At first Dougy  and K  go to visit Madam Sonia , a woman who gives them advice and tells them exactly what they are dealing with but then ends up getting possessed by the temptress which then scares both Dougy and K, forcing them to run out of the building. Later on, Dougy and K go to the bar and ask the bar tender who is outside of the bar emptying the rubbish in the trash bins to put holy water into the temptress\'s drink since she was the only one in the bar and then get out of there. After the temptress drinks the holy water she begins to cough violently and collapses on the ground, making Dougy And K take the moment and try to kill the temptress using a blade, but end up failing since the temptress uses her magic to make the blade go the other way round. Then, one by one, Dougy and K die. Later on, when Joel goes to the Temptress\'s apartment, not knowing what evil he was dealing with, she kisses him but then Joel faints and wakes up in his own bed. He knows that something is very wrong when his deceased father  strangles him but in reality it\'s the temptress. Then suddenly Joel\'s grandmother comes and tries to hit the temptress, distracting her long enough for Joel to get up and use his cross and kill the temptress. However, the twist at the end reveals that one of the main characters, another pub local, has survived the woman\'s wrath and is now a vampire, instead a male version. This transformation is made clear to the audience through his saying "You should use a cigarette lighter next time. The flame lasts longer" — the saying the female vampire used to say. Freddie Jackson and Melba Moore have cameo appearances in the film.'] ['A group of women with traumatic pasts who have been wronged by various men or groups are taken under the protection of a slightly older woman , herself once beaten to a miscarriage. She trains these once mistreated women as professional killers, using their looks to get close to targets, and sends them out on missions of vengeance against the people who wronged them. Their latest mission includes the killing of a 6-year-old girl, and one of the women  tries to find a way to avoid it. She is recognized by a young cop investigating the murders as his college almost-girlfriend, and he approaches her with the intention of getting her to surrender to the police. In the end, two befriended women find that not all is as it seems, and that vengeance without conscience is worse than the acts committed by their targets. Deception, reversals, and betrayal on all fronts fill this journey into the minds of the abused and the world of the dark art of vengeance killing.'] ['Justine is a young virgin thrown out of a French orphanage and into the depraved world of prostitution. As she slips into a life of debauchery, torture, whipping, slavery and salaciousness while her brazen, flirtatious and liberated sister Juliette ironically receives nothing but happiness and reward for her wanton behaviour. As told by the Marquis de Sade.'] ["Michael, a shy, socially awkward doormat, meets the extroverted Alex, who teaches him to be assertive and take risks. Things go too far, however, when they go on a drug-fueled robbery spree and assault a coworker Michael dislikes. When Michael wants out, Alex becomes angry and tries to destroy Michael's life: He steals all of Michael's possessions and frames him for murder."] ["David Weinberg , a lawyer in his 50s, and his much younger wife Alexis , drive through a torrential rainstorm to get the last ferry to their private island. They catch sight of an injured young man  at the side of the road, whom they reluctantly drive to the nearest town. Having missed their ferry, the couple checks into a motel, and take the next day's ferry. The young man , is also on the ferry, though they do not meet. David and Alexis have a troubled seven-year marriage, punctuated by miscommunication and missed opportunities. In an attempt to make up for his displays of temper, David arranges a romantic sailing excursion, but this goes terribly wrong when they encounter a fogbank and run aground. They find the young man camping on the shore, and are invited, after an initial misunderstanding, to share his fire. David recruits his assistance with ungrounding the sailboat, and invites him into his home. That evening, Alexis dreams that she has taken a blanket to the young man and that her husband has attacked her in a fit of jealousy. In the morning, the couple discovers that he has made them a lovely breakfast, and it transpires that David has actually delivered the blanket to him. David invites the young man to stay for dinner that night to sample his own cooking in a challenge, then leaves to play golf. Alexis and the man waste time together while downing a bottle of whiskey, talking about themselves and dressing up for fun in the boat house. He explains that he is a poet, but that he is unable to write and shows Alexis his work, all in different handwriting. He persuades her to take dictation of a quite dark poem describing drowning. Eventually they go off on a wild mushroom hunting walk in the nearby woods, and Alexis stops the young man from consuming a mushroom that she says would have killed him in a minute. She then shows him how to tell the difference between the lethal mushroom he almost ate, and one that looks almost identical, but is in fact an aphrodisiac. After failing to convince her to eat the aphrodisiac mushroom, they return home, where he apologises. David returns from golf, claiming to be ill, but he recovers enough to make dinner for his wife and the man when he is reminded of the challenge. The plans to return the man to town are thwarted, however, when David takes him across on the boat and it dies half-way, leaving the man with no option but to stay with them another night, which he doesn't seem pleased about. The next morning, however, David provokes an argument with Alexis and gets into a brief fight with the young man, who flees to hide in the shed when David comes after him. He is driven out of the shed and runs into the woods, David still chasing after him. When David approaches Alexis in the woods, she tells him that they're through and then finds the young man on the ground. He seduces her while trying to coerce her into eating one of the mushrooms. This time, unlike the last, she doesn't stop him from continuing. A funeral follows, and the young man's poem, written in Alexis' handwriting and signed by her, is read, as if it was her suicide note. David then returns to the island by boat. He strips and swims to shore in the icy water, as if stripping off and washing away his former life. Some time later, someone arrives at the house, seen from the back wearing a hooded jacket. The stranger kisses David, and is revealed to be the young man. It becomes abundantly clear that he and David are lovers, and that Alexis' death was planned by the two of them."] ['Frank Chambers , a drifter, stops at a rural California diner for a meal, and ends up working there. The diner is operated by a young, beautiful woman, Cora Smith , and her much older husband, Nick Papadakis , who is an immigrant from Greece. Frank and Cora start to have an affair soon after they meet. Cora  is tired of her situation, married to a man she does not love, and working at a diner that she wishes to own and improve. She and Frank scheme to murder Nick in order to start a new life together without her losing the diner. Their first attempt at the murder is a failure, but they eventually succeed. The local prosecutor suspects what has actually occurred, but does not have enough evidence to prove it. As a tactic intended to get Cora and Frank to turn on one another, he tries only Cora for the crime. Although they do turn against each other, a clever ploy from Cora\'s lawyer prevents Cora\'s full confession from coming into the hands of the prosecutor. With the tactic having failed to generate any new evidence for the prosecution, Cora is ultimately acquitted. Frank and Cora eventually patch together their tumultuous relationship, and now plan for a future together. But as they seem to be prepared finally to live "happily ever after", Cora dies in a car accident.'] ['Jaron  struggles to work for sleazy publisher "Uncle" Lou  in order to settle the obligations of his friend Tara , who works in a peep show for Jimmy . He meets Balery , a call-girl who wants to place an ad in Lou\'s paper. She seeks an accomplice to help her rob a regular client she particularly dislikes. Jaron decides to take up the offer himself. Meanwhile, Wes  whores out his girlfriend Chantel  in order to make enough money to buy her an engagement ring just to shut her up about his lack of commitment. Wes gets violently upset when he discovers she\'s been performing lurid sex acts on her customers just to make the extra money he wants. Two intimately close high school girls Melody  and Courtney  play flirtatious games with their teacher Mr. Garrett  in order to improve their grades, without realizing the violent dangers their teasing could lead to.'] ["Christine  is the maid of a well-to-do widow  and her daughter . Her sister, Lea  is hired on the recommendation of Christine. The two sisters become increasingly alienated from their employer, separated by barriers between the classes. With only each other to turn to and Christine experiencing much jealousy as to her sister's interest in anyone else, the relationship becomes sexual, adding to the tension between the sisters and their employer. The tension ultimately leads to paranoia, repressed rage and murder."] ['Professional football player Terry Brogan  is released by his team, the  Los Angeles Outlaws. Aging, injured and in need of money, he is contacted by an old acquaintance, the shady gambler and nightclub owner Jake Wise , who wants him to find Jake\'s girlfriend Jessie Wyler , daughter of the Outlaws\' owner. Jake claims that Jessie assaulted him, stole money and fled. Terry is reluctant to take on the job, but needs the money and is reminded by Wise that Wise is capable of blackmailing him. Terry gets in touch with Jessie\'s mother , ostensibly to find out where Jessie can be found, but mainly to convince Mrs. Wyler and her business partner Ben Caxton  to reinstate him on the team. Mrs. Wyler makes clear that she has no interest in his football career. She\'s willing to pay him more than Jake would if he will find Jessie for her, rather than for Jake. Beyond that, however, she has no use for him. Sully, the team\'s trainer, strongly advises Terry to stay away from Jake and offers to help Terry get a coaching job. But Terry is convinced his days as a player not over and instead decides to go ahead and work for Jake to tide him over until the next season, when he try to continue his playing career. Terry finds Jessie living in Cozumel but continues to tell Jake that he has not located her. Terry make multiple attempts to approach Jessie, but she rebuffs him, aware that he must have been sent by either Jake or her mother. Terry tires of pursuing a spoiled brat and packs to leave, but Jessie appreciates his not revealing her whereabouts and invites him to see where she is staying. The two unexpectedly fall in love. Terry confides the leverage Jake has over him is the knowledge that Terry once shaved points in an important game after he had fallen into debt. Terry and Jessie remain happily together for a few weeks, with Terry continuing to tell Jake has has been unsuccessful in locating here. Eventually, Sully is sent by Jake to investigate. He catches the lovers alone at the ruins of Chichen Itza. Wielding a gun, Sully demands that Terry turn over the girl and warns him she\'s "no good." He, too, has been involved in corruption with Jake\'s sports syndicate. A struggle between the men ensues and Jessie fatally shoots Sully. Jessie urges Terry to flee with her, as the two will be unable to offer an explanation for the killing that allow them to avoid jail. But when Terry refuses, insisting that the two cannot just run away from the matter, Jessie abandons him. After disposing of Sully\'s body, Terry returns to Los Angeles and finds to his astonishment that Jessie has returned to Jake. He is bitter toward her, but Jake maintains a hold over him with the point-shaving incident, as well as Sully\'s sudden disappearance. Terry is sent to break into the office of Kirsch, the team corrupt lawyer, who is also involve in Jake\'s gambling operation. Terry\'s mission is to retrieve files possessed by the lawyer that implicate everyone involved. Terry breaks into the office only to find Kirsch dead. A security guard has been hired to kill Terry and make it look like he murdered Kirsch. Terry fights off and escapes the security guard, then hides Kirsch\'s body. Terry then leaves a local bar frequented by Edie, Kirsch\'s secretary. He tells her what has happened and that she too is in danger. She tells him about a secret box that contains the information to bring down the entire syndicate and local politicians. Edie and Terry return to the office to retrieve the box, where a fight occurs with another two guards, and again Terry escapes, this time with Edie and the files. Jessie remains at Jake\'s side but is still in love with Terry. She knows that Jake is behind Kirsch\'s murder and informs Ben Caxton, telling him that Jake has been handling bets on the Outlaws using information he\'s been given by Sully and Kirsch. What she doesn\'t know is that Caxton is actually Jake\'s boss at the syndicate. Caxton take charge of the effort to retrieve the files and arranges to meet Terry at the site of a new construction project that he and Mrs. Wyler are backing. Terry is able to disarm Caxton\'s henchman, and says that his price for turning over the files is that Caxton must take down Jake. When Caxton indicates he is receptive to that idea, Jake pulls his own gun and threatens to kill Jessie, forcing Terry to drop his weapon. While Terry and Jake have their attention focused on each other, Jessie retrieves the dropped gun and shots and kills Jake. Having killed both Jake and Sully, Jessie must agree to terms set by Caxton to avoid being held accountable for the crimes and going to jail. Caxton\'s terms include Jessie returning to her estranged mother\'s side and ending her relationship with Terry. Months later, Terry stays in the background while attending a publicity function for Caxton\'s and Mrs. Wyler\'s construction project. He just wants a last look at Jessie before leaving LA to play for the Miami Dolphins. Caxton reminds him of that he is no longer a part of Jessie\'s life. Terry acknowledges that this is true for the moment, but predicts that some day Jessie will break free of the hold that Caxton and Mrs. Wyler have on her. In the meantime, though, all Terry and Jessie can do is stare at one another from a distance.'] ["Sister Elizabeth, the mother superior of a medieval convent, has visions of Mary Magdalene and a skeletal dead nun. Father Henry, the abbot, and his servant Richard are summoned by the convent's abbess to help with the hysteria spreading among the order. Elizabeth recounts the confessions and fantasies of the nuns, flagellating herself and becoming excited as she does so: Sister Sarah masturbates; Sisters Mary and Helena flagellate one another and then have sex. Sister Catherine is violated by Fathers James and Peter. Finally, Sisters Jane, Teresa and Helen engage in three-way sex and violate Sister Ann after tying her to a cross. Elizabeth writhes violently in her cell and, as she dies, is tormented by visions of a crucified woman and Christ's beating Sacred Heart. Mother Elizabeth and an  demonic Mary Magdalene  debate desire and chastity within what seems to be a heavenly antechamber. Mary remarks to Elizabeth that, as her convent is full of repressed female desire, the Mother Superior too is enveloped within this voluptuous fold. Elizabeth details four fantasy vignettes. These are interspersed with conversations between the convent's former abbess, a priest, Abbess Elizabeth, an odd dead zombie nun and an actress Eileen Daly playing the spirit of Catechism.. The sex scenes conform to standard pornographic sequencing. They each start simply and culminate in erotic release at the end. There are scenes of the full lesbian sexual gamut, which extends from episodes of individual nuns' self-stimulation to non-monogamous lesbian sex to a final nun-centered crucifix-bondage scene, with copious use of the whip and the rope."] ["  High School sweethearts Michael and Rosy happily marry during the 1950s, both 18. Things go along smoothly until Roslyn gets pregnant, at age 19. The bills pile up and the two grow apart from each other. Roslyn spends most of the time taking care of their child and hanging out with her best friend, Joannie, who's married to a guy named Bobby. Joannie's been cheating on her husband with a man named Frankie. Roslyn is introduced to Frankie's friend, Joey, a bad boy who's also married. Immediately, Roslyn begins an affair with Joey. At first Michael doesn't suspect anything, but when the two girl friends go out at night and come back later and later, it dawns on him that they are both having affairs. Michael works at a design company with Lorraine, who's into the The Beat and jazz scenes. One night, he goes out to have an affair with her. The next morning, however, his uptight attitudes causes him to back out of the affair when he learns that he's not her only lover. Eventually Lorraine leaves to go to New York. At the same time, Roslyn's trying to break off her affair with Joey, but he won't give up that easily. Varied events soon escalate in violence. Joey kidnaps Roslyn, and Michael goes after them, and takes his wife back from him. Michael and Roslyn go their separate ways, and Michael hits the road."] ['Timid accountant Jonathan McQuarry  is an auditor working out of New York. One night while working late in a boardroom he meets a charismatic lawyer, Wyatt Bose , who befriends him over a joint. After a long conversation, Jonathan takes the subway home where he has a brief encounter with a blond woman ([[Michelle Williams  while waiting on the train. Upon returning home he notices a pipe in his bedroom is leaking and leaving a stain. Jonathan contacts Wyatt the next day and they play tennis after work. They meet again for lunch the next day and upon leaving, Wyatt takes Jonathan\'s mobile phone instead of his own, forcing a trade. He mentions he will be in London on business for the next few weeks. When Jonathan realizes the phones have been switched he attempts to contact Wyatt but does not reach him. He is soon contacted by a woman  who asks if he is free that night. He informs her that he is and agrees to meet her. When she arrives, they proceed directly to a hotel room upstairs and have sex. In the morning, Jonathan realizes that Wyatt must be on some type of exclusive sex club list. When Wyatt calls the next day, he encourages Jonathan to stay on the list. Jonathon has an encounter with an older woman  who explains more of the list\'s rules: the initiator pays for the room, no names are exchanged, there is no rough play. Participants are always anonymous, although Jonathan later spots the older woman on the cover of Forbes. Over the next few weeks, he has anonymous encounters with several women. One night after initiating another encounter, Jonathan is surprised to find that his partner is the blond woman he met while waiting for the train. He tells her that they had met once before, and instead of having sex, they order room service and talk for hours. The woman does not say her name but Jonathan assumes her name to begin with an "S" because of an S-shaped pendant on her handbag. The next day Jonathan rejects other callers from the list but when "S" calls again they agree to meet for dinner in Chinatown. They then proceed to a hotel where she requests some ice. When Jonathan returns to the room she is gone and there is blood on the bedsheets. Someone knocks him out from behind, but when he wakes up again the bed has been made. He contacts the police and explains to the Detective  that "S" is missing but that he has little to no information about her. She doubts his story, thinking that he is delusional. Jonathan tries to trace Wyatt, but Wyatt\'s boss and landlady claim not to know him. Upon returning home Jonathan is surprised to find Wyatt waiting for him and demanding that he steal $20 million from an investment firm he will begin to audit in a few days. Jonathan agrees to do so, fearing for the safety of "S". The following night at work, Jonathan receives a call asking if he is free. The woman calling is named Tina , an investment banker who once introduced Wyatt to the exclusive sex club list. She reveals that Wyatt\'s real name is Jamie Getz, and that they met when he was attending a private corporate event as a guest of Rudolph Holloway, an investment banker with whom Getz played tennis. Jonathan finds out through research that Getz murdered Holloway, strangling him with tennis strings, and also served three years in prison for insurance fraud and arson. Jonathan is later notified by the detective that a blond woman matching his earlier description was discovered dead. When he comes in to identify her, he sees that it is actually the first woman who called him, and that she was also strangled by tennis strings. Jonathan goes on to complete a wire transfer to a bank in Spain in his name, but secretly adds Wyatt\'s name as co-signer. When he returns home he notices that a picture Wyatt had sent of "S" being held captive was taken in his apartment before the pipe started leaking. He realizes that she must have been a conspirator and wisely avoids his apartment which explodes when the superintendent enters to fix the pipe. Now in Madrid, Wyatt impersonates Jonathan and attempts to withdraw the funds from the bank, but he is denied access because of the co-signer. Jonathan approaches Wyatt outside the bank and agrees to help him withdraw the funds if Wyatt splits it with him. Swapping identities, Jonathan and Wyatt cash in the $20 million in two $10 million suitcases. . After the transaction is complete, Jonathan offers Wyatt half of his money if Wyatt tells him where "S" is. Wyatt pretends to agree and lures Jonathan to an uncrowded area where he draws a gun on Jonathan. Before he is able to shoot Jonathan, Wyatt is shot by "S" who leaves quickly. Jonathan pursues her, leaving a dying Wyatt and the money behind. He begs her to talk to him but she rather call it off, apologizing to him as she did not know Wyatt\'s intent to kill Jonathan. "S" gets into a cab and leaves as Jonathan watches her go. In Madrid, Jonathan again crosses path with "S" and they exchange smiles. The film comes to a close as Jonathan walks to her and she stands waiting for him.'] ["Frank , a librarian in the United Kingdom, falls in love with a mysterious American dancer named Miranda . She suddenly disappears, and he tracks her down in London, finding out that she is actually a con artist. He leaves her, returning to Northern England. Miranda and her boss  are in business selling buildings that they don't own to unwitting customers. After making a big score, her boss leaves her, and the customer  seeks revenge against Miranda. Frank realizes that he should not have left her, and returns to London, saving her."] ['The film begins and ends with the protagonist, Jake Scully , playing the part of a vampire on the set of a low-budget horror film. After he ruins a take by being unable to rise from a coffin due to a claustrophobia-related seizure, a fire breaks out on the set and he is sent home by the director Rubin . Scully arrives home early and catches his girlfriend having sex with another man. Heartbroken, he goes to a bar and downs a few quick shots. The bartender, an acquaintance of Scully, lets him sleep on his cramped couch for a night or two. Later, at an acting workshop, he makes a new friend, Sam . An exercise at the workshop, in which Scully revisits a childhood claustrophobic trauma, reveals the incapacitating nature of his overwhelming fear of confined spaces. As Scully breaks down and begins to cry, Sam "rescues" him and they go to get a few drinks, where Sam learns of Scully\'s recent break-up and that, because the apartment belonged to the cheating ex-girlfriend, he is temporarily homeless. Sam offers him a house-sitting arrangement at an opulent Modernist bachelor pad nestled in the Hollywood Hills. He also points out a sexy female neighbor, Gloria Revelle , whose seemingly exhibitionistic antics can be viewed by telescope; she is a wealthy and beautiful woman who evidently performs a remarkable erotic dance at her window, nightly according to Sam, "just like clockwork." The next night, Scully becomes concerned when he spots an Indian with a disfigured face standing on a satellite television tower also observing Gloria\'s sexy routine. He later sees the Indian parked down the street from her gated driveway. Gloria leaves to go shopping, the Indian follows her, and Scully follows them both. Near the valet station in the mall\'s parking structure, Scully eavesdrops on her at a bank of pay telephones as she makes plans to meet someone and says that she\'ll wear something special. She buys a pair of panties at a chic boutique; Scully watches through the window as she changes into them, and sees the mysterious Indian also watching her from the opposite side of the shop. After a brief chase, Scully gets into an elevator with Gloria. As he works up the nerve to say something, a large group files into the elevator and squeezes him against the back wall. The Indian tries to get in on another floor, but the car is completely full, and, as the doors slide shut, he smiles wickedly at Scully\'s confined state and obvious discomfiture. Exiting the elevator at the valet, Gloria drops her used panties into a garbage can, where Scully clandestinely retrieves them and stuffs them into his pocket. Scully follows her to a beachside motel, and again overhears her on the phone as she is stood up by her lover. Determined to warn her about the Indian, he finally speaks to her as she\'s walking toward the water. The Indian runs by and snatches her purse, is chased by Scully into a tunnel and, after Scully freezes in a claustrophobic seizure, steals what is later discovered to be a card key to Gloria\'s house. In an ironic twist, Scully is "rescued" this time by Gloria, who helps him out of the tunnel. He is enamored, and she is emotionally vulnerable, so they briefly embrace, make out, and grope each other as the camera revolves in a continuous 360-degree arc, until Scully kisses her neck and Gloria comes to her senses, apologizes and pushes him away, adjusts her bra and blouse, and departs hastily. Back at the home he\'s using, Scully witnesses through the telescope as the young woman is brutally attacked and killed by the Indian, who pins her down and runs a jackhammer-sized electric drill through her body - the auguring bit repeatedly emerging from the ceiling of the room below in a torrent of blood - after she catches him removing items from a wall safe. That an apparent thief would have and use such an implement leads viewers to suspect that perhaps the murder was of a personal nature as opposed to merely a bungled burglary. While interviewing Scully at the scene, the detective assigned to the case deftly plucks Gloria\'s panties from Scully\'s pocket and accuses him of being a pervert and a sex offender, saying "You peep on her, you follow her, you fuck her, you keep her little panties as a memento, and then you take a seat on the fifty-yard line!" Scully learns from his agent that not only has he been fired from the vampire movie, but his agent also represents the replacement actor. He investigates the murder on his own, and pursues a porn queen, Holly Body , whose signature dance - "a routine that\'s a sure ten on the peter meter" according to her - he recognized on a 24-hour porn channel. He lands a role in an adult film after auditioning with the line "I like to watch," and then pretends to be a skilled porn director who wants to hire her. He takes credit for a mirror . They go back to the bachelor pad, where Scully confesses that he is not a porn producer and does not want to cast her in a film, but instead points out the Revelle house and asks her if she was the woman doing the erotic dance routines in the window. During a brief telephone call from Sam to Scully, Holly identifies Sam as the man who had hired her to perform specifically for the supposedly voyeuristic Scully. Convinced that he is a sick voyeur, she storms out and is picked up while hitchhiking by the Indian, who knocks her out with a tire iron and escapes by driving up an access road leading to a reservoir, which is quickly locked by two men who scurry away as Scully approaches. He scales the gate and sprints up the road, arriving at an open grave that the Indian has just finished digging adjacent to the Owens Aqueduct. It is not explained how the grave was dug so quickly. When Scully and the Indian get into a confrontation in the open grave, Scully grabs at the Indian\'s face, inadvertently tearing off part of a latex mask, and revealing that the Indian is actually Sam. He then overpowers Scully  and begins to bury him as he confesses his scheme, which was to set Scully up as a witness when Gloria is murdered by the "Indian," thereby giving Sam an alibi. Confident that Scully is incapacitated, Sam mocks and challenges him to overcome his claustrophobia by fighting back to save himself. The film then cuts to the set of the vampire movie, where Scully  again freezes during the coffin scene and ruins the take. This time, however, he convinces Rubin to let him try it again. Cutting back to the grave, we see Scully shout, rise, and grab Sam\'s shovel. Sam is then knocked into the aqueduct when his dog charges at Scully and misses. The film ends with Scully, back on the set and in his vampire costume, filming a shower sequence in which a body double of the vampire\'s next victim is being carefully inserted into the scene, while Holly watches with the film crew.'] ["Remy McSwain is a New Orleans police lieutenant who investigates the murder of a local mobster. His investigation leads him to suspect that fellow members of the police force may be involved. Anne Osborne, a state district attorney, is sent to investigate alleged police corruption. After seeing firsthand some unorthodox practices by Remy, Anne accuses him of being on the take. He argues that she does not have an understanding of how the system works in New Orleans for police. Despite Osborne's suspicious and apprehensive feelings towards him, they form a relationship. McSwain is caught accepting payoffs in an Internal Affairs sting, and Osborne has the burden of prosecuting him. With the assistance of fellow officers within the police force, the evidence is suppressed. McSwain is cleared of the charges, at which point Anne, becoming aware of such, is faced with the conflict of her personal feelings for Remy and her duty to uphold the law."] ["Young Scott Doherty  gets suspicious when his mother  plans to wed Oliver Vance  soon after her husband's untimely death. Scott investigates with Oliver's pretty daughter, Kelly , who shared Scott's doubts about the upcoming nuptials. Along the way, he falls in love with Kelly, but a fatal explosion turns Scott's life upside down - and the evidence points to him as the murderer. Has he been framed?"] ['In Vienna, a young American woman in her twenties  is rushed to the emergency room after apparently overdosing. With her is Alex Linden , an American psychiatrist teaching in Vienna. Through a series of fragment flashbacks the film tells the story of their romance, which ends up becoming a sexual obsession. The woman, Milena, suffers from depression and is still married to a much older man  whom she occasionally crosses the border to see. Linden likes her free spirited ways at first, then grows tired of her lifestyle, which includes relationships with other men and heavy drinking. He spies on Milena and eventually tries to control her. At the hospital, an investigator  realises that there may be more to the case than a simple suicide attempt. He investigates and tries to get Linden to confess to possible crimes involved with the case.'] ['When Nikki  catches her husband, rock star Brian Walker , with another woman, she files for divorce. Walker and his lawyer bribe her security company, led by Will Griffith , to spy on her and catch her having an affair in order to achieve a favorable divorce settlement. While spying on Nikki for the security company, Will becomes lustfully obsessed with her and begins sleeping with her despite the dangerous consequences.'] ['Sara Morgan  is a woman who thinks the murder of her husband  will solve all her problems. However, she realizes that it won\'t be enough. Her sister, Amber, finds her diary after Sara is found dead. Through the pages, flashbacks are seen to Sara\'s marriage, the death of her husband, her second marriage, and twist ending that exposes the truth behind all the relationships. Her husband has a "second to die" life insurance policy, where the beneficiary receives the money after both people die—in this case, both Sara and her husband. After the plane explosion, Sara marries her husband\'s friend, "Scooch". What she doesn\'t know is that he\'s involved with her neighbor, Cynthia, who is seen putting on a wig. Her wig becomes crucial later on. "Scooch" arranges Sara\'s death in search of the three million dollar payout. The showdown between husband and wife ends with Sara shot dead and floating in the pool.'] ["A well respected monk, Capuchin Ambrosio compromises himself with his carnal lust for a pupil, a woman disguised as a monk , she tempts the monk to transgress and he is soon found desiring another, the innocent Antonia. Matilda uses magic spells to help the monk in his pursuit of Antonia, whose rape by him leads to her insanity. It later emerges that Matilda is an instrument of Satan in female form. The focus is also on Antonia's previous relationship with Lorenzo, whose sister is tortured by hypocritical nuns for her own relationship. Returning to Ambrosio, he is delivered to the Inquisition; escaping only by selling his soul to the devil. The devil prevents Ambrosio's final repentance, and informs Ambrosio that Antonia is the monk's sister.Vincent Cassel Toplines Dominik Moll's 'The Monk' IonCinema. 5 April 2010"] ['Sylvie Cooper is a teenage girl at a private school for the wealthy. She first meets "Ivy", a poor but intelligent and highly trashy girl, at a local hangout where Ivy enjoyed rope-swinging from a tree. A young boy runs up and says, "Come on! A dog got hit!" Sylvie kneels next to the still breathing dog when all of a sudden Ivy crushes the dog\'s skull with a pipe . While sitting in the office for phoning in a bomb threat to a local TV station  she sees Ivy walk in and begins to talk to her. Later that day, when Sylvie\'s father picks her up, Ivy asks for a ride. At first Darrel, Sylvie\'s father, is reluctant, but grudgingly compromises. Ivy tells Sylvie she gets car sick and asks to ride in the front . Ivy puts her feet on the dashboard and allows her mini-skirt to shrug back onto her hip revealing her legs. Darrel takes notice. A few weeks later, after Sylvie is no longer grounded, they meet again at the same hangout. They walk to Sylvie\'s house together, on the way Sylvie tells Ivy that Darrel is her adoptive father and that her biological father was black. She also says that she once tried to kill herself. Sylvie invites Ivy into her parent\'s mansion. They walk into the living room overlooking the San Fernando Valley. Ivy says that if she were to kill herself she\'d like to fall. Sylvie\'s sickly mother, Georgie, walks in on their conversation, and it turns out that Sylvie was lying about her attempted suicide and her father. Georgie does not want Sylvie to be friends with Ivy initially, but Ivy later wins Georgie over by talking about her scholarship and helping her unblock her oxygen tank. Sylvie narrates that Georgie liked Ivy\'s energy and that her parents enjoyed Ivy so much that Ivy had practically moved in. Ivy and Sylvie sleep in the same bed and share clothes, but when Georgie offers to lend Ivy some of her clothes because of their similar figures, Ivy begins to wear the expensive clothes. After a spat with her parents, Sylvie says she wants to do something to "make her parents cringe" and Ivy convinces her to get a tattoo so that "they can be like blood sisters". Darrel decides to throw a party at his house to try and improve his failing career, and he enlists Sylvie to help him. When Sylvie\'s boss at the charity center calls Ivy picks up the phone and tells him that Sylvie can work the night of the party, which allows Ivy to fill in. She straightens her hair and wears one of Georgie\'s dresses. That night, after the party, she dances in the kitchen and then begins to dance with Darrel. Georgie walks in on them and storms upstairs. While Georgie and Darrel are sitting together, Ivy walks in and tells Georgie that she is sorry. She claims that Darrel came into the kitchen to cry, and that she was only hugging him to make him feel better. Georgie believes her and accepts a glass of champagne from Ivy. She then falls unconscious because of the pills Ivy had put in the champagne beforehand. Ivy sits on the bed next to Georgie, and begins to massage Darrel with her foot while he kisses her legs. Ivy appears to change over the next few days. She continues to straighten her hair and wears more and more of Georgie\'s clothing. Sylvie becomes increasingly irritated with Ivy and throws a fit when she finds Ivy with her dog in Georgie\'s sports car. She makes Fred  choose between her and Ivy. Ivy cheats and shakes the treats in her pockets while she calls Fred. That day, Sylvie skips school and tries to spend some time alone to sort things out in her head. Darrel picks Ivy up and they go out into the forest where Ivy gets Darrel drunk while they have sex. The next morning, Georgie plays a record that Sylvie made for her and walks out onto her balcony. Ivy walks up behind her and begins talking to Georgie. Then, without warning, Ivy pushes Georgie off the balcony and makes it look like a suicide . A few weeks later, Sylvie washes Georgie\'s old sports car and Ivy walks up with the urn holding Georgie\'s remains. She suggests that they take a ride as a final goodbye to Georgie. While she\'s driving, Ivy begins to hum the song that Georgie was playing the morning Ivy pushed her. Sylvie confronts her and Ivy crashes the car to avoid answering. She moves Sylvie into the driver\'s seat to incriminate Sylvie. In the hospital, Sylvie hallucinates that her mother is sitting in front of her. This inspires her to get back to her house in an attempt to save her father from Ivy. When she gets to her house there is a raging storm. She runs inside to get out of the rain, experiencing hallucinations all along the way. When she gets inside, she sees Darrel and Ivy having sex and flees the room. Darrel goes to look for Sylvie and tells Ivy to stay inside. Ivy goes up to Georgie\'s old room and puts in the tape that was playing the morning Georgie died. She puts on Georgie\'s robe and walks out onto the balcony. Sylvie is sitting outside in the storm and sees the light and, due to her very serious head injury, believes that it is her mother on the balcony. She goes up to the room. Sylvie sees her mother turn around from the balcony. Sylvie tells Georgie that she loves her and Georgie says she loves Sylvie too. They kiss, but when Ivy begins to use her tongue, Sylvie comes out of her hallucination and sees that it is really Ivy. Ivy says how her mother wanted to die and lovingly says how they can all be a family now. Sylvie pushes Ivy off her and onto the balcony, at which point Ivy says how she can take Sylvie with her . Ivy goes off the balcony, but manages to keep from falling by holding on to Sylvie\'s necklace. The chain breaks and Ivy falls to her death, still clutching the necklace. The film ends with Sylvie narrating that she still loves and misses \'her\', following the parallel between Ivy and Georgie.'] ['Set in an anonymous Japanese metropolis, the film tells the tale of shy career woman, Rinko, and Shigehiko, her hygiene-obsessed, workaholic husband. The couple explore their sexuality in a number of ways, causing their lives to be disrupted.'] ["Radio therapist Amanda Grace's life turns hellish after she becomes involved with young hustler Mick Burroughs. Mick seduces the radio host in order to get hold of a file she has on a criminal who also happens to be one of her patients. Soon the two are having steamy, erotic encounters that include kinky sex. But she gets so caught up in their relationship that she leaves herself wide open to Mick's treachery. Amanda finds her entire career in jeopardy when Mick blackmails her, and threatens to show everyone an incriminating videotape of them having sex, which also involved a female prostitute, if she doesn't do whatever he says.{{rotten-tomatoes}}"] ['Anne Carson  is sent to a women\'s prison for allegedly participating in a bank robbery with two others, one, Paul Anderson  who is still at large. The money was never recovered and all eyes are on Anne who denies knowing about the money. On arrival in prison, Anne meets the outwardly tough matron in charge  and the prison chaplain Rev Fulton  who feels Anne may have had a mistrial and does not belong in prison. Anne\'s cellmates are Jenny  who seems to run the inmates, Melanee  who makes a play for Anne and Dorothy  a woman who has murdered her own husband and child when he ran away with another woman who is still alive. The unhinged Dorothy believes her child is still alive and every new girl in prison is her husband\'s lover, Lois. Jenny and Melanee team up in the "good cop/bad cop" routine to get Anne to tell them where the money is with Melanee telling Dorothy that Anne is really Lois. On the outside, Paul is using blackmail and threats on Anne\'s ex-criminal father Pop Carson  to find the money as well as offering to split it with him 50/50. Anne faces attempted murder by Dorothy, threats on her life from two other inmates seeking the money, and fights Melanee in a catfight that culminates in a mud puddle. When a large earthquake hits the area and demolishes the installation, Jenny (who has acquired a pistol from her outside contacts and the outwardly harmless trustee Grandma  and Melanee use the opportunity to escape with Anne to take her home to locate the money. The downed telephone and power lines give the three girls time to escape unpursued but Rev Fulton heads off Anne at her home, where Pop is still held at gunpoint by Paul. Since the film’s release in 1956, the theatrical movie poster, featuring a catfight between Helen Gilbert and Joan Taylor, has become a collector’s item. The poster shows the blonde haired Gilbert strangling the dark haired Taylor although that exact scene did not occur in the movie.Halperin, James L.   Heritage Vintage Movie Poster Signature Auction 2005 Catalog #624. Dallas: Heritage Capital Corporation, page 63.'] ["Photographer Bob Griffioen  is in Afghanistan with his girlfriend when they witness rebels attacking a car. His girlfriend wants to flee the scene but he wants to photograph it, resulting in his girlfriend being killed.  Later, Bob is doing nature photography in the dunes near a beach on the island of Texel. The beach appears to be deserted, until he sees the naked Kathleen  emerging from the sea. He boldly photographs her. A little disturbed she asks whether he has photographed her. He denies it, but she sees the photographs on his camera screen. She says he should undress too because it is a nude beach, just like one should be dressed when in the street. He takes off his shirt only. Kathleen is paid by an older man  for allowing him to watch her fingering herself. She also socialises with the gang. Bob meddles with the gang's affairs and uninvitedly comes to their parties. This causes the gang to get hostile to him: they throw him into the water, damage his belongings in the house where he is staying, and kidnap him. Accidentally the kidnapper gets killed. Bob throws him into a shallow lake in the dunes, with a heavy bag with drugs strapped to his body to keep him underwater. Bob and Kathleen have sex, although he is not sure on which side she is, especially when she steals the gun Bob had taken from his kidnapper. Later she lies to Bob that she has got rid of it. Kathleen refuses fingering herself in front of the older man anymore, after which he forces her, threatening with a gun. A moment later he has been shot. According to Kathleen it was suicide. Bob and Kathleen are both kidnapped, but due to the gun Kathleen has with her they can escape. Bob now trusts her. Together they flee the island: Kathleen pretends to have a stroke , and they are taken off the island by a medical emergency helicopter. Later they live together abroad, and a suitcase with money is brought to them as a reward for what they did on Texel."] ['Ex-boxer Kevin "Kid" Collins is a drifter and an escapee from a mental hospital. He meets Fay Anderson, a widow, who convinces him to help fix up the neglected estate her ex-husband left. "Uncle Bud" talks them both into helping kidnap a rich boy for ransom money, and the ex-fighter must make decisions about his loyalties and what is right.'] ["The confessions of a sadomasochistic sexually obsessed patient disclosed as fantasies during Manhattan psychiatrist sessions begin to permeate the troubled doctor's subconscious as erotic dreams. This leads to a heated love affair. At the same time a series of shocking murders occur with evidence suggesting it is her new lover / patient."] ["Jermaine Davis  is a young corporate tycoon who is newly married and has recently moved to Atlanta, Georgia with his lovely and supportive wife Jasmine . While becoming settled into the new city and job, Jermaine becomes bored with his seemingly mundane lifestyle at home. He asks his wife to engage in a ménage à trois with another woman, in order to generate more excitement within their relationship and she reluctantly agrees. Once they've committed the act, Jermaine begins to feel the insecurities of bringing a stranger into his marriage. As a result, he attempts to sever all ties with the woman. Unfortunately, it proves more complicated to remove this person from their lives and he realizes that his curiosity has thrown him into battle with a dangerous lunatic and may cost him his marriage."] ['Jennifer Haines  is an up-and-coming Chicago attorney. She wins a big case, celebrates with the man in her life, Phil Garson ([[Stephen Lang , and returns to work to a hero\'s reception. Into her life walks David Greenhill , who was seated in the gallery during her previous trial. Greenhill is a debonair and arrogant ladies\' man who stands accused of murdering his wealthy wife, Rita . He wants Haines to represent him, but she declines. Something about him intrigues her, though, so the equally arrogant Haines has second thoughts. She tells her law firm\'s superiors that this promises to be a high-profile trial and she wants it because: "I am that good." Greenhill maintains his innocence but shows signs of irrational behavior that make Haines wary of him. She assigns her longtime investigator Moe  to do some digging and he begins to unearth the defendant\'s shady past. Greenhill in the meantime starts showing up unexpectedly in Haines\'s social life, stalking her and dropping hints that something is going on between them. Phil dislikes the guy intensely and demands Haines drop him as a client. She doesn\'t care for Greenhill either but resents being told what to do. She refuses to quit his case until her law partners notify her that the fee Greenhill promised remains unpaid. An unsympathetic judge  tells Haines it\'s her own fault and refuses to let her abandon her client. Learning from Moe that Greenhill has a history of dating older women who usually end up dead, a horrified Haines wants to turn him in, but is bound to attorney-client privilege. She instead tries to sabotage her own case by having evidence planted at Greenhill\'s apartment, hoping that it will lead to his conviction. He knows she must be behind it and takes his revenge by viciously assaulting Phil, who ends up hospitalized. Greenhill\'s case ends in a mistrial, after the jury fails to reach a unanimous verdict. Greenhill, seemingly pleased, displays regret that he never had a chance to take the stand. He does so privately for Haines in the empty coutroom, revealing that he had been scouting her far in advance of the murder case. He confesses that he did indeed kill his wife and provides vivid details. Greenhill further tells Haines that he knows she planted the evidence. He could use this to blackmail her, but says he has come to tire of her. Haines fears the psychopathic Greenhill will now come after her. She prepares to disclose everything, even at the cost of her career. Greenhill anticipates this. He murders Moe, knocking him out and then setting fire to his office. He then intercepts Haines at her apartment building. He casually states that between Phil\'s beating and Moe\'s death, she is grieving enough to commit suicide. A fierce struggle ensues. Greenhill manages to throw Haines over a railing, but to his horror, she pulls him down with her. They fall several stories together. Greenhill is killed in the fall. Haines, cushioned by his body, is severely injured but survives. As she is carried off to hospital, she triumphantly states: "I beat him, Phil. I beat him. Tough way to win a case."'] 