['On October 6, 1970, while on holiday in Istanbul, Turkey, American college student Billy Hayes straps 2kg of hashish blocks to his chest. While attempting to board a plane back to the US with his girlfriend, Billy is arrested by Turkish police on high alert due to fear of terrorist attacks. He is strip-searched, photographed and questioned. After a while, a shadowy American  arrives, takes Billy to a police station and translates for Billy for one of the detectives. On questioning Billy tells them that he bought the hash from a taxicab driver, and offers to help the police track him down in exchange for his release. Billy goes with the police to a nearby market and points out the cab driver, but when the police go to arrest the cabbie Billy sees an opportunity and makes a run for it. He gets cornered in a building and is recaptured by the mysterious American. During his first night in holding, Billy, freezing cold, sneaks out of his cell and steals a blanket. Later that night he is rousted from his cell and brutally beaten by the chief of guards, Hamidou. He wakes a few days later in Sağmalcılar prison, surrounded by fellow western prisoners Jimmy , Max  and Erich  who help him to his feet. Jimmy tells Billy that the prison is a dangerous place for foreigners like themselves and that no-one can be trusted, not even the young children. In the ensuing weeks following his arrest, Billy attempts to gain his release through the Turkish justice system. On the advice of Max, he hires a Turkish attorney, Yesil, who has a reputation for having successfully defended another prisoner also arrested with a large quantity of hashish. Billy’s father arrives from the US and the two share an emotional reunion. The courtroom scene at Billy’s trial is disorienting to both father and son as the prosecutor rapidly hurls accusations at Billy in Turkish. As the two ask their lawyer for an explanation, Yesil reassures them the remarks were just technical and not to worry, that the judge likes him. The judge returns a verdict of 4 years in prison angering the prosecutor and devastating Billy and his father. Yesil assures them it is an excellent outcome and that Billy could have received a lifetime sentence for smuggling, a sentence the prosecutor was vehemently arguing for. Father and son retreat to a small holding area where they tearfully share their devastation. Billy is hauled off to begin his sentence. In the next several years, Billy settles into life as a prisoner in this strange and horrible place. He begins a close relationship with Erich. Erich is gay and wishes to consummate the relationship but Billy refuses. Shortly after, Erich is released. Billy actually settles into some sense of normalcy engaging in long conversations with Max, smoking the cheap and awful drugs sold in the prison by chief snitch and prison trustee Rifki and counting the days until his release. Rifki is despised by all and routinely taunts the English speaking prisoners. Eighteen months before his release, Jimmy tries to get Max and Billy to go along with an escape plan. Billy refuses essentially putting his faith in the justice system due to release him in a year and a half. Jimmy tries on his own, is caught, and is severely beaten, nearly to death. In 1974, 53 days before his original term in prison is to expire, Billy\'s sentence is overturned by the Turkish High Court in Ankara after a prosecution appeal , and he is ordered to serve at least a 30-year life term for his crime. His stay becomes a living hell: terrifying scenes of physical and mental torture follow one another culminating in Billy having a breakdown and beating to near death his fellow prisoner Rifki, biting out Rifki\'s tongue in the process. Following this breakdown he is sent to the prison\'s ward for the insane where he wanders in a daze among the other disturbed and catatonic prisoners. He meets fellow prisoner Ahmet whilst participating in the regular inmate activity of walking in a circle around a pillar. Ahmet claims to be a philosopher from Oxford University and engages him in conversation to which Billy is unresponsive. In 1975, Billy\'s girlfriend, Susan, comes to see him and is devastated at what has happened to him. She tells him that he has to escape or else he will die in there and leaves him a scrapbook with money hidden inside as "a picture of your good friend Mr. Franklin from the bank," hoping Billy can use it to help him escape. Her visit moves Billy strongly, and he begins to regain some of his senses. He says goodbye to Max, telling him not to die and to wait for Billy to come back for him. He attempts to bribe the head guard to take him to the sanitarium where there are no guards. Instead the guard takes Billy past the sanitarium to another room and attempts to rape him. With a freak stroke of luck, Billy kills the brutish and sadistic guard by pushing him on to a coat hook. He seizes the opportunity to escape by putting on a guard\'s uniform and managing to walk out of the front door. In the epilogue it is explained that on the night of October 4, 1975 he successfully crossed the border to Greece, and arrived home three weeks later.'] ['{{Plot}} The films starts with a young woman named Becky , showing to be trapped in the Cube. She enters another room, but unknown to her, the room has diversed gravity, as she is pulled up. Some time later, a woman named Kate , detective Simon , a blind girl named Sasha , engineer Jerry , game developer Max , lawyer Julia , and an elderly woman named Mrs. Paley  trapped in brightly lit cubes, each with six panels on each side which are doors to other rooms. They come across Colonel Thomas Maguire , who says that they have to solve the code in order to leave the mysterious place. A wall begins to close in on the group. The group escapes while Thomas stays behind and handcuffs himself. They realize that the wall is non-physical and dangerous. Kate and Simon watch in horror as Thomas is disintegrated by the wall, the suitcase he was holding reduced to tatters. Later experiences around the cube reveal that gravity can operate in different directions in each room, while Mrs. Paley and Jerry realize that they may be in a tesseract. Kate begins to notice the numbers "60659" everywhere they go. The group realizes that they are connected to Izon, a weapons industry. Mrs. Paley then opens a panel to reveal her and Simon being killed. Jerry thinks that it is a parallel universe, while Max and Julia think it is an optical illusion. Later, while the group are sleeping, Simon realizes that he is in the tesseract to look for Becky, a missing Izon worker. Meanwhile, Sasha, who has acute hearing, hears a noise and awakens everyone. The group finds a floating square in the middle of the room which initially grows into several shifting variations of a tesseract, before expanding into a lethal and rapidly spinning frame. The group flees into another room, but Jerry is caught and dies after being pulled into the tessaract and disenigrated. Sasha and Kate are separated from the group. Simon starts to suspect that Mrs. Paley is an undercover spy, so he gags and ties her up, but crystal beams start protruding from the walls. Simon tries to save Mrs. Paley, but instead stabs her with his knife and leaves her to die. Max and Julia, disturbed that Simon killed Mrs. Paley, leave him. They start to have sex, but unbeknownst to them, they are in a speeding-time room, and they age prematurely until they turn into skeletons floating in the air. Simon, alone and hungry, goes insane. He encounters a parallel Jerry and the missing Becky, killing both of them. Meanwhile, Kate finds grisly alternate realities in other rooms. Sasha tells Kate that time and space are distorted at where they are; the tesseract will implode and reality is collapsing. She then reveals that she is Alex Trusk, a computer hacker who is responsible for the creation of the tesseract. She also reveals that when she discovered that Izon was actually putting people inside the tesseract, she tried to stop their operation, but was pursued so she "fled into the only place they wouldn\'t follow." Kate, however, still believes that there is a way out. Kate finds Simon and stabs him in the eye after he grabs her. Simon then appears behind Alex, old and blind in one eye, proving Alex\'s time theory. Alex claims that they "are all dead", which causes Simon to snap her neck. Kate finds that the tesseract is shrinking, and kills Simon with the knife. She looks at the numerous watch duplicates of Jerry\'s and realises that "60659" is the time that the tesseract will implode  and that she is there to take back Alex\'s necklace which was filled with confidential information on Izon. The hypercube starts wearing away, and Kate opens a panel in the bottom, revealing a black void. At 6:06:59, she jumps in just when the Hypercube implodes. Kate wakes up in the hands of Izon authorities in an unknown factory. She gives them the necklace and is executed by one of the Izon operatives. Izon authorities then report that "Phase 2 is terminated".'] ['Sir Ernest Pease  is a brilliant but acerbic scientist working on aircraft research during World War II. He needs to takes a trip on a bomber to observe the results of his work. At first the plan is to fly in an RAF plane disguised as an RAF officer, but when he is told to shave off his beard he refuses and gets to go as a Royal Navy officer, as beards are allowed in the RN. Because it is vital that nobody knows who he is, Pease goes on the trip as Lieutenant Farrow, a public relations officer. The bomber is damaged over Germany and he is sucked out of a hole in the side of the aeroplane but lands safely with the aid of a parachute. He is captured and, after interrogation under his alias of Lieutenant Farrow of the Royal Navy, he is sent to a POW camp, mostly occupied by RAF officers. His excellent command of the German language causes him to be suspected of being a German agent, but when his real identity and importance becomes known to the Senior British Officer , orders are given that the men in his hut cooperate to help him escape. Pease initially views his somewhat happy-go-lucky fellow prisoners, especially Jimmy Cooper , Everett  and "Bonzo" Baines  with disdain, but comes to understand and appreciate their optimistic attitudes under the prison system they find themselves in, even if he remains as pompous and arrogant as ever. Pease/Farrow concocts a plan whereby he is believed to have escaped "through the wire". In fact, he plans to go into hiding and later walk out of the camp, disguised as one of three visiting Swiss Red Cross observers. Crucial to the escape plan is that Everett looks exactly like the camp Commandant - also played by Baxter - . He must pretend to be the Commandant if Pease/Farrow is to escape. Whilst the prisoners busy themselves with organising camp concerts and sports, the plan goes ahead. But it nearly comes unstuck at the last moment, when one of the prisoners, "Grassy" Green  is revealed as a real Luftwaffe officer and spy. He is "dealt with", and Pease, Cooper and Baines calmly walk out of the camp and eventually make their way back home. The story is told in flashback when, long after the war, Pease is the subject of a TV show based on This Is Your Life during which he is re-united with the other ex-POWs and even gets to meet the former Commandant, who now runs a holiday camp.'] ['{{Plot}} Stanley Yelnats IV, is a teenager born to a family that has supposedly been cursed for 130 years. The luckiest of the Yelnats ancestors, Stanley Yelnats I, lost his fortune when the outlaw Katherine Barlow  stole his money chest. The Yelnats blame their ancestor, Elya Yelnats, who was cursed after breaking a promise to fortune teller Madame Zeroni who asked him to carry her up a mountain to a fortifying river. One day, Stanley is falsely arrested and convicted for stealing a pair of sneakers that Clyde "Sweetfeet" Livingston, a famous baseball player, had donated to charity. Stanley chooses to attend Camp Green Lake, a juvenile detention camp, instead of being imprisoned for his crime. He arrives to find that the "camp" is a dried-up lake run by Warden Walker, her assistant Mr. Sir, and camp counselor Dr. Pendanski. Each day, the detainees must dig a five-foot round hole in the desert to "build character", despite the dangers of scorpions, rattlesnakes, and yellow-spotted lizards, which can kill with a single bite. The inmates are known by their nicknames, and include Zero, Armpit, Zigzag, Squid, X-Ray, and Magnet. Stanley is slowly accepted into the group, especially after allowing X-Ray to take credit for his discovery of a gold tube , with the initials "KB" , and is given the nickname of "Caveman". He soon befriends Hector "Zero" Zeroni and teaches him to read. In a parallel flashback story, it is revealed that the location of Camp Green Lake was once a thriving town a century earlier, and the lake was once the largest lake in Texas. Miss Katherine Barlow , a local school teacher, rejects rich landowner Trout Walker  in favor of local onion seller Sam , a black man. When Sam kisses Katherine, the townspeople burn the school because he is black and she is white. Sam attempts to escape on his boat, but Trout shoots Sam. In retaliation, Katherine shoots the local sheriff for not stopping Trout from shooting Sam, and kisses his face, thereby beginning her career as an outlaw named "Kissin\' Kate" who infamously kisses every person she kills. Sam\'s death also causes a curse to fall upon the town area, drying the lake and causing rains to stop, leading to the town desertification and the ruin of the Walker family. After Pendanski insults Hector, Hector retaliates by hitting Pendanski in the face with his shovel and runs away. Feeling that no one knows or cares about Zero, the Warden orders that his file be erased from the computer. Stanley sets out to find Hector  and eventually finds him taking shelter under the remains of Sam\'s boat, the \'Mary Lou\' . Out of desperation, Stanley and Hector spot a rock formation called "God\'s Thumb" in the distance, and walk towards it, remembering that Stanley Yelnats I had survived the desert by seeking refuge on the mountain after Kate Barlow robbed him. Meanwhile, the Warden decides to presume Hector dead by deleting his files. Hector faints from lack of water leaving Stanley having to carry him up the mountain where they find Sam\'s field of onions and water, helping them regain strength for several days. Unknowingly, Stanley breaks the family curse because Hector is a descendant of Madame Zeroni. When he carries Hector to the top of the mountain, he sings to him and lets him drink from the stream that runs uphill, fulfilling the promise made by Elya Yelnats centuries earlier. Moments later, after Hector has woken up, he reveals he is the reason why Stanley was sent to Camp Green Lake. He reveals that since he is homeless, he had been at the homeless shelter and walked off with the donated shoes, not knowing they were famous. After being pursued by the police, he took off the shoes and tossed them over the bridge where they fall on Stanley\'s head and implicate him. Zero then explains that he was arrested the next day after stealing shoes from a Payless store. Stanley then believes the fact that they met is destiny. In another flashback, an older Kate Barlow is found in the middle of the now dried-up lake at the remains of Sam\'s boat by Trout Walker, now poor, and his wife, Linda, a former student of Kate\'s. They order Kate at gunpoint to hand over the Yelnats treasure, but she tells them that "you, your children, and your children\'s children will dig for a hundred years, and you will never find it." Kate commits suicide by allowing a yellow-spotted lizard to bite her on her wrist and dies while laughing. It was then an angered Trout and his descendants start to dig up the lake for years, and his granddaughter  came up to authorize the camp for troubled boys to speed up the process. Stanley and Zero finally decide to go back to Camp Green Lake to investigate the hole where Stanley had found Kate Barlow\'s tube of lipstick and uncover a rusty old chest. The Warden, Mr. Sir and Pendanski discover them and attempt to take the chest away from Stanley and Zero until they notice yellow-spotted lizards climbing all over the boys. However, the lizards don\'t attack the boys, due to the consumption of the onions, which the lizards hate. This bought enough time for the Attorney General and Stanley\'s lawyer Carla Morengo arrive to secure Stanley\'s release. When Ms. Morengo berates the Warden for the delaying, the Warden asserts that the boys stole the chest from her office. Angered, Stanley comes out of the hole, with the lizards leaving him, and calls the Warden a liar. Zero rebuts the lie with the fact that Stanley\'s name, "Stanley Yelnats", is written on the chest. With the fact confirmed, Ms. Morengo allows Stanley to take the chest home with him; he also convinces her to check out Zero\'s file to secure Zero\'s release. However, the Warden is forced to confess that she has lost Zero\'s file, prompting the angered Attorney General to order an investigation on Camp Green Lake. After doing so, the Attorney General then orders his deputies to arrest the Warden, Mr. Sir , and Pendanski on the charges of misprison of felony and perverting the course of justice, much to the other boys\' delight. This allows Zero to finally come along with Stanley and Ms. Morengo back to Stanley\'s house. Also, the fact that Stanley carried Zero up the mountain and sung the lullaby to him causes the curse put upon Stanley\'s family by Madame Zeroni to be lifted, and then it rains after over 100 years of drought. The Yelnats family claims rightful ownership of the chest and gives half of the money to Hector. The Yelnats move to a new house and live in financial comfort while Hector uses his share to hire private investigators to find his missing mother and they become Stanley\'s next-door neighbors. Camp Green Lake is then converted into a girls scout camp, with Stanley assuring that the girls and the counseloers won\'t have to worry about the yellow-spotted lizards as long as they consume lots of good onions that can repel the lizards. The film ends with Stanley, Zero, their family and friends, along with Clyde Livingston and his wife, watching a commercial promoting a new odor eliminator made by Stanley\'s father with the usage of peaches and onions.'] ["After the establishing shot of Montluc prison, but before the opening credits, the camera rests on a plaque commemorating the 7,000 men who died there at the hands of the Nazis.  On the way to jail, Fontaine , a member of the French Resistance, seizes an opportunity to escape his Nazi captors when the car carrying him is forced to stop, but he is soon apprehended, beaten for his attempt, handcuffed and taken to the jail. At first he is incarcerated in a cell on the first floor of the prison, and he is able to talk to three French men who are exercising in the courtyard. The men obtain a safety pin for Fontaine, which gives him the ability to unlock his handcuffs. This turns out to be pointless because, in reassigning him to a cell on the top floor, the guards remove his handcuffs anyway. Once in cell 107 on the top floor, Fontaine begins inspecting the door and figures out that the boards are joined together with low quality wood. Using an iron spoon he deliberately neglects to return after a meal, he begins to chip away at the wood. After weeks of work, he is able to remove three boards from the door, roam the hallway, get back in his cell and restore the appearance of the door. Fontaine is not the only prisoner trying to escape. Orsini  makes an attempt, but fails to get very far because of the lack of hooks on his rope. Orsini is tossed back in his cell and beaten up by the guards, and is to be executed within a few days. Fontaine is not deterred from his plan; he makes hooks from the light-fitting in his cell. He then fashions himself ropes from old blankets and fastens the hooks to the rope with wires taken from his bed. The other prisoners grow somewhat skeptical of his escape plans, saying he is taking too long. After being taken to headquarters to be informed that he is sentenced to execution, Fontaine is taken back to jail and put back in the same cell. Soon he gets a cellmate, François Jost , a sixteen-year-old young man who had joined the German army. Fontaine is not sure whether he can trust Jost  and realizes he'll either have to kill him or take him with him in the escape. In the end, after Jost admits he too wants to escape, he chooses to trust the boy and tells him the plan. One night, they escape by gaining access to the roof of the building, roping down to the courtyard, killing the Nazi guard there, climbing the wall and then roping to an adjacent building. They walk away from the prison undetected, and the film ends."] ["Ten years before freeing American POWs from a brutal General, Colonel James Braddock  was held in a North Vietnamese POW camp run by sadistic Colonel Yin , who forces the POWs to grow opium for a French drug runner named Francois , and tries to get Braddock to admit to and sign a long list of war crimes. During his team's time in captivity, they are relentlessly subjected to various forms of humiliating torture, and Braddock being told that his wife has left him and has remarried. One of Braddock's comrades starts to suffer with malaria, and is injected with what they are told to be antibiotics. They later find out that he was in fact injected with a lethal dose of opium instead. Braddock must escape and rescue his fellow prisoners from Yin."] ['The story follows the escape of two men from an Alaska prison, the efforts of a train dispatching office to safely stop the out-of-control train they are on, and the hunt by their warden to recapture them. Oscar "Manny" Manheim is a ruthless bank robber and hero to the convicts of Stonehaven Maximum Security Prison. After two previous escape attempts the doors to Manny\'s cell have been welded shut for three years. A court order compels Manny\'s nemesis, the vindictive Associate Warden Ranken, to release him back into the general prison population. Manny immediately sets his next escape plan into action. Buck is another convict  who due to his position in the prison\'s laundry room is recruited to smuggle Manny out in a laundry trolley. Naive and unintelligent, Buck decides to escape with Manny, who does not care for company. After a freezing cross-country hike  the two hop on board a train consisting of four locomotives at a remote Alaskan rail yard. Just as the train is set in motion, the elderly engineer suffers a heart attack. In attempting to stop the train and get off, the engineer does not set the throttle to Idle, instead engaging the brakes, before collapsing off the still-moving train. This overrides the engine\'s automatic train stop. Consequently, although the brakes apply, the locomotives overpower them, and the brake shoes burn off, making it impossible to stop the train. Neither the two convicts nor the only railway worker left on the train, a locomotive hostler named Sara, are aware of their situation . As the train accelerates, dispatcher Frank Barstow is alerted to the situation. Unaware of the failure of the brakes, Barstow authorizes employees to allow the runaway out onto the mainline, arrogantly insisting that a computer-controlled signalling system of his creation will trigger a brake application on the locomotives. The last of the brake shoes burn off and the dispatchers realize the severity of their situation, forcing them to keep the tracks clear. The runaway smashes through the caboose of a freight train that was in the act of moving out of its path. The collision badly damages the cab of the lead locomotive and jams the front door of the second engine, an old EMD F-unit. As the train accelerates to dangerous speeds, Barstow realizes that the locomotive\'s over-speed control is no longer working properly after the crash. Learning that the train\'s excessive speed will most probably collapse an old railroad trestle ahead, Barstow\'s superior orders him to derail it, believing that no one alive is on board. At this point the signal maintainer hears the train\'s horn. Realizing that someone is indeed alive on the train, Barstow orders a reversal of the switch. The speeding train continues onwards towards the aged Seneca trestle, where emergency workers are gathering in expectation of a disaster. Warden Ranken concludes that his two escaped convicts are escaping by rail. Meanwhile, the two fugitives have found Sara on board when she climbs back to the fourth engine in the belief she will be safer towards the rear of the train in a possible collision. Now aware that the engineer must be dead, the three must get to the lead engine so that they can press its fuel cutoff switch. Sara informs them that they can\'t because the second locomotive is a "carbody" F-unit with no forward catwalk. Its nose door, which would normally allow access to the lead engine, is jammed from the collision with the freight. At her suggestion, they are able to slow the train somewhat by disconnecting the MU cables connected to the two rear locomotives, shutting them down and slowing the train enough for it to safely cross the Seneca trestle. The dispatchers divert the runaway onto a branch after determining it is only five minutes away from a head-on collision with a passenger train. This is only a brief respite, as further ahead the branch negotiates a tight curve adjacent to a chemical plant. Even at its reduced speed, the runaway is likely to derail on this curve and trigger a major chemical spill. His hand forced, Barstow agrees that they must switch the runaway onto a stub-ended siding and crash it, thus sending the three people on the train to almost certain death, rather than risk a catastrophic chemical explosion. Warden Ranken refuses to wait, coercing Barstow\'s assistance in chasing down the train by prison helicopter. Manny shows an increasingly violent streak, repeatedly asserting his dominance over Buck. He eventually forces Buck to attempt a suicidal scramble around the outside of the second engine\'s nose . Sara\'s intervention on Buck\'s behalf forces an armed face-off between the two convicts. Emotionally broken, all three slump into a fatalistic depressionin the F-unit\'s cab, only broken when Ranken\'s helicopter catches up with the train. Spurred on by the appearance of his arch-foe, and resolved not to return to prison, even if it means his own death, Manny makes a perilous leap from the F-unit\'s broken windshield to the lead engine. There, after a struggle with Ranken , Manny handcuffs him inside the cab. To the music of the second movement of Antonio Vivaldi\'s "Gloria" in D , Manny uncouples the lead engine from the rest of the train, leaving Buck and Sara safely behind. He refuses to stop the lead engine despite Buck\'s screamed pleas. With Ranken his prisoner now, Manny climbs onto the roof of the lone engine in the freezing cold and blowing snow, his arms stretched out, ready to meet his end. After a series of cross-cuts of Buck and Manny\'s fellow inmates mourning in their cells at Stonehaven, the film fades to white and closes with an on-screen quote from William Shakespeare\'s Richard III: {{Quote}}'] ['An old bald man named Alderson awakens and is bewildered to find himself in a cube-shaped room with a hatch in each wall, on the floor and in the ceiling. Opening some of the hatches, he finds passages to rooms that are identical except for their colors. He enters one room  and, without warning, is sliced to pieces by a wire grid. In another such room, five people - Quentin, Worth, Holloway, Rennes and Leaven - meet. None know where they are, how they got there, or why. Quentin informs them that some cubes contain traps ; assuming they are triggered by motion detectors, Rennes tests each by throwing a boot in first. Leaven notices numbers inscribed in the passageways between rooms. Quentin, a policeman, recognizes "the Wren" as an escape artist renowned for getting out of jails. After "booting" one room, Rennes enters but is sprayed by acid, which eats through his face and kills him. Quentin believes each person has a reason for being there. He is a police officer, Leaven is a mathematics student, Holloway a doctor and conspiracy theorist who thinks the "military industrial complex" is responsible, while the surly Worth declines to talk about himself or his past actions. Leaven theorizes that any room marked with a prime number is a trap. They then find a mentally challenged man named Kazan, whom Holloway insists they bring along. Quentin enters a supposedly safe room and is nearly killed by a razor-wire trap, disproving Leaven\'s theory. Tensions rise, with Quentin becoming irritated by Holloway\'s paranoia and liberalism, Kazan\'s childlike mentality, and Worth\'s reticence. He baits Worth into revealing of himself. He then admits that he knows about this place, as he designed the Cube\'s outher shell. Worth insists that he knows nothing about the rest of the structure. He believes that its purpose has been lost over time and that they are only there because not using it would mean admitting the Cube was a waste. His knowledge of the outer shell\'s size allows Leaven to determine that there are 26 rooms to a side, 17,576 in all. She guesses that the numbers indicate the Cartesian coordinates of the rooms. The group starts moving toward the nearest edge. They arrive close to the edge, but find that each neighbouring room is trapped. Rather than backtrack, they decide to make their way silently through a blue colored room whose trap is sound-activated . The others manage to pass, but when Quentin goes up, Kazan makes a noise, and he is almost impaled by the spikes, storming and almost beating Kazan up. They arrive at an edge room and find a wide, unlit gap between it and the outer shell. Holloway swings out to investigate, using a rope made from their clothes, but nearly falls when the Cube suddenly shakes; she climbs up and grabs Quentin\'s arm, but he drops her to her death, telling the others that she slipped, now dellusioned and paranoid from the Cube\'s actions. As they rest, Quentin tries to persuade Leaven to abandon the others and come with him. He quickly becomes aggressive. When Worth intervenes, Quentin beats him and then throws him through the floor hatch. Worth laughs hysterically at what he finds — Rennes\' corpse. The thought that they have been going around in circles is demoralizing, but then Leaven realizes that the rooms move about periodically. Leaven deduces that traps are not tagged by prime numbers but by powers of prime numbers. Kazan, it turns out, is an autistic savant who can quickly do prime factorizations and thus identify the traps. Leaven determines that the numbers indicate the positions that each room will reach as it cycles through the Cube. The room that connects to the "bridge" leading to the only door in the outer shell proves to be the one in which the group first woke up. The alignment they need will come in two moves. Worth ambushes Quentin and leaves him behind during one move as they hurry to the cube adjoining the bridge. When they open the hatch, they are met by a bright white light . Worth decides to stay over Leaven\'s objections, saying there is nothing outside for him but "boundless human stupidity." A bloodied Quentin appears and fatally stabs first Leaven, then Worth with a door handle, before going after Kazan. With the last of his strength, Worth grabs Quentin\'s leg, holding him long enough for Quentin to be ripped apart in the passageway as the bridge shifts. Worth then dies of his wounds, and Kazan walks out into the bright light.'] ['The somewhat fictionalised version of the true story is set in Stalag Luft III—the same POW camp where the real events depicted in the film The Great Escape took place—and involved Williams, Michael Codner and Oliver Philpot, all inmates of the camp. In the book and film, the escapees are renamed "Flight Lieutenant Peter Howard", "Captain John Clinton" and "Phil". The prisoners are faced with the problem of digging an escape tunnel despite the accommodation huts, within which the tunnel entrance could be concealed, being a considerable distance from the perimeter fence. They came up with an ingenious way of digging the tunnel with its entrance located in the middle of an open area relatively near the perimeter fence and using a vaulting horse  to cover the entrance. Recruiting fellow-prisoners to form a team of vaulters, each day they carry the horse out to the same spot, with a man hidden inside. The prisoners begin a gymnastic exercise using the vaulting horse, while the concealed man digs down below the horse. At the finish of the exercises, the digger places wooden boards, cut to fit the aperture, in the hole, and fills the space with sandbags and dry sand kept for the purpose - wet sand taken from below the surface would be darker and hence give away the activities. Eventually, as the tunnel lengthens, two men are hidden inside the horse while a larger group of men exercised, the two men continuing the tunnel digging. At the end of the day, they again conceal the tunnel entrance and hide inside the horse while it is carried back to their hut. They also devise a method of disposing of the earth coming out of the tunnel. They recruit a third man, Phil, to assist them, with the promise that he will join the escape. At the final breakout, Howard hides in the tunnel during an Appell , before three men are carried over in the horse: the third to replace the tunnel trap. Howard and Clinton travel by train to the Baltic port of Lübeck; . Phil elects to travel alone, posing as a Norwegian margarine manufacturer and travelling by train via Danzig . He was the first to make it to neutral territory. Howard and Clinton contact French workers and through them meet \'Sigmund\', a Danish resistance worker who smuggles them onto a Swedish ship. They have to leave by rowing boat and arrive in Copenhagen, before being shipped to Sweden. There they meet Phil, who arrived earlier. Some details from Williams\' book were not used in the film, e.g. the escaped POWs discussing the possibility of visiting potentially neutral "whorehouses" in Germany.'] ['Convict Van Duff is the leader of a large-scale prison break. The breakout works as the six survivors hide out in a forgotten mine working near the prison. Once the coast is clear they then set out on a long, dangerous journey. The convicts take by foot, car, train and truck in an attempt to get to some hidden stolen bank loot. On the journey the doomed prisoners meet with some locals including a kidnapped doctor  and a young woman on a train .'] ["The story begins as Frank Morris  arrives at the maximum security prison Alcatraz, having been sent there after escaping from several other prisons. He is sent in to meet the warden , who curtly informs him that no one has ever escaped from Alcatraz. Eventually he meets his old friends, brothers John and Clarence Anglin , and he makes the acquaintance of the prisoner in the cell next to his, Charlie Butts . Morris befriends numerous other inmates, including English , a black inmate serving two life sentences for killing two white men in self-defense; the eccentric Litmus , and the elderly artist and chrysanthemum grower Doc . Morris also makes an enemy of the rapist Wolf , whom Morris beats in the shower room after Wolf attempts to come onto him. Still seething from this encounter, Wolf attacks Morris in the yard and both men spend time in the hole. When the warden discovers that Doc has painted a portrait of him, as well as other policemen on the island itself, he permanently removes Doc's painting privileges; in response, a depressed Doc cuts his fingers off with a hatchet from the prison workshop and is led away. Later, the warden finds one of Doc's chrysanthemums and crushes it in front of the inmates; an angry Litmus leaps at the warden and suffers a fatal heart attack. The warden coldly reminds Morris that some men are destined never to leave Alcatraz, alive. Morris notices that the concrete around the grille in his cell is weak and can be chipped way, which evolves into an escape plan. Over the next few months Morris, Butts and the Anglins dig through the walls of their cells with spoons , make papier-mâché dummies to act as decoys, and construct a raft out of raincoats. On the night of their escape, Butts loses his nerve and does not go with the others. Morris and the Anglin brothers make it out of the prison and are last seen paddling their raft into the night. When their escape is discovered the following morning, a massive manhunt ensues. The warden is adamant that the men drowned, despite no bodies being found. He finds a chrysanthemum on the shore of Angel Island and throws it into the bay after being told that they do not grow there."] ['As he tries to access an ATM to retrieve his last twenty bucks, Jason “JINX” Taylor runs into a snag – the transaction fee will overdraw him, and he cannot get his money out of the bank. Jinx fumes about this and other hidden charges which complicate his life…as we realize that he is locked in a bank vault…with the beautiful but tied-up Jessica, her apparently a hostage. But, as Jinx rails against corporations and how they stack the deck, we realize that the situation is very different from what it appears: in fact, it is Jessica, not Jinx, who is robbing the bank. She is aligned with Simon, who leads an armed team inside the branch. However, Jinx’s entry into the scenario upsets the heist, leading him and Jessica to be inadvertently locked inside the vault. In addition, Jinx has called the cops, who, led by Officer De Gepse, have surrounded the bank. Jinx makes contact with Simon by cell phone, and the situation becomes clearer, as he realizes Jessica has access to a special inside-the-vault computer and its codes…she and only she can open the vault door. Simon becomes increasingly upset when he is unable to strong-talk Jinx into getting the vault open . And De Gepse is equally frustrated by the standoff, particularly when it is Jinx, not he, who seems to gain control over the situation. As things progress, Jinx realizes that he and Jessica actually think very much alike – they both feel used – and this new kinship leads them to plot an escape. A call comes in from Nick, the true mastermind of the robbery, and Jinx and Jessica realize that Nick needs them to issue a PIN for him to access funds which have been skimmed  over the course of years. With Simon increasingly unstable, Jinx is able to manipulate both him and De Gepse while also making a deal with Nick to provide a PIN  to go with Nick’s account information. Jinx manages to talk both cops and robbers into letting Jessica and him out, as freed hostages, and in the ensuing chaos, they slip away, to meet Nick and escape with their cut of the cash…'] ['In 1947, banker Andy Dufresne  is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover, based on circumstantial evidence, and is sentenced to two consecutive life sentences at Shawshank State Penitentiary. Andy quickly befriends contraband smuggler Ellis "Red" Redding , an inmate serving a life sentence. Red procures a rock hammer for Andy, allowing him to create small stone chess pieces. Red later gets him a large poster of Rita Hayworth, followed in later years by images of Marilyn Monroe and Raquel Welch. Andy works in the prison laundry, but is regularly assaulted by the "bull queer" gang "the Sisters" and their leader Bogs . In 1949, Andy overhears the brutal chief guard Byron Hadley  complaining about taxes on a forthcoming inheritance, and informs him about a financial loophole. After another vicious assault by the Sisters nearly kills Andy, Bogs is beaten and crippled by Hadley. Bogs is sent to another prison and Andy is not attacked again. Warden Samuel Norton  meets with Andy and reassigns him to the prison library, to assist elderly inmate Brooks Hatlen ; a pretext for Andy to manage financial duties for the prison. His advice and expertise are soon sought by other guards at Shawshank and from nearby prisons. Andy begins writing weekly letters to the state government for funds to improve the decrepit library. In 1954, Brooks is freed on parole, but unable to adjust to the outside world after 50 years in prison, he hangs himself. Andy receives a library donation that includes a recording of The Marriage of Figaro. He plays an excerpt over the public address system, resulting in him receiving solitary confinement. After his release, Andy explains that he holds onto hope as something that the prison cannot take from him, but Red dismisses the idea. In 1963, Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works, profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving kickbacks. He has Andy launder the money using the alias "Randall Stephens". In 1965, Tommy Williams  is incarcerated for robbery. He joins Andy and Red\'s circle of friends, and Andy helps him to pass his General Educational Development examinations. In 1966, after hearing the details of Andy\'s case, Tommy reveals that an inmate at another prison claimed responsibility for an identical murder, suggesting Andy\'s innocence. Andy approaches Norton with this information, but the warden refuses to listen. Norton places Andy in solitary confinement and has Tommy murdered by Hadley under the guise of an escape attempt. Andy refuses to continue with the scam, but Norton threatens to destroy the library and take away his protection and preferential treatment. After Andy is released from solitary he tells Red of his dream of living in Zihuatanejo, a Mexican Pacific coastal town. While Red shrugs it off as unrealistic, Andy instructs him, should he ever be freed, to visit a specific hayfield near Buxton to retrieve a package. The next day at roll call, Andy\'s cell is empty. Enraged, Norton throws one of Andy\'s rocks at the poster of Raquel Welch hanging on the wall. The rock tears through the poster, revealing a tunnel that Andy had dug with his rock hammer over the previous two decades. The previous night, Andy escaped through the tunnel and the prison\'s sewage pipe with Norton\'s ledger, containing details of the money laundering. While guards search for him the following morning, Andy, posing as Randall Stephens, visits several banks to withdraw the laundered money. Finally, he sends the ledger and evidence of the corruption and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper. The police arrive at Shawshank and take Hadley into custody, but Norton commits suicide to avoid arrest. After serving 40 years Red receives parole. He struggles to adapt to life outside prison and fears he never will. Remembering his promise to Andy, he visits Buxton and finds a cache containing money and a letter, asking him to come to Zihuatanejo. Red violates his parole and travels to Fort Hancock, Texas to cross the border to Mexico, admitting he finally feels hope. On a beach in Zihuatanejo, he finds Andy, and the two friends are happily reunited.'] ['The preceding film, Beneath the Planet of the Apes, ends with the apes\' future Earth and everything on it being destroyed by a nuclear weapon. Escape from the Planet of the Apes begins by establishing that three apes—Cornelius, Zira, and Dr. Milo —escaped the Earth\'s destruction by salvaging and repairing the astronaut Taylor\'s spaceship  and piloting it through the shock wave of Earth\'s destruction, sending the ship through a time warp. The salvage, repair and launch all happen within the brief period of the final act of the previous film. The apes arrive on Earth in 1973, splashing down on the Pacific coast. They are transported to a secluded area of the Los Angeles Zoo, under the observation of two scientists, Stephanie Branton  and Lewis Dixon . The apes\' power of speech is revealed when Zira\'s impatience gets the better of her during an experiment. Soon after this, Milo is killed by a gorilla who becomes agitated by an argument amongst the three chimpanzees. Meanwhile, a Presidential Commission has been formed to investigate the return of Taylor\'s spaceship and how the apes, which they already are aware are atypically intelligent, came to be aboard it. The apes are brought before the Presidential Commission, where they publicly reveal their ability to speak, and are welcomed as guests. Cornelius and Zira secretly tell Stephanie and Lewis that they knew about Taylor, how humans are treated in the ape dominated future, about the Earth\'s eventual destruction. Stephanie and Lewis are shocked, but they handle it and tell Cornelius and Zira to keep this quiet until they find the right people to talk to. The apes become celebrities, being lavished with presents and media attention. They come to the attention of the President\'s Science Advisor Dr. Otto Hasslein , who discovers Zira is pregnant and fears for the future of the human race. Determined to force the issue, he gets her drunk on champagne . The resulting interrogation enables him to convince the Commission that Cornelius and Zira must be subjected to more rigorous questioning. Both are questioned using various means of interrogation; during this time, one of Hasslein\'s assistants refers to the apes as "monkeys," stirring Cornelius\'s anger. Hasslein defuses it, saying they simply want to know how apes rose in dominance over men. Cornelius reveals that the human race will eventually meet its downfall and be dominated by simians, which will later lead to Earth\'s destruction. However, there are still suspicions about how humans are treated by the future apes rather than the Earth\'s destruction. Suspicion had already been aroused by Zira letting slip, during the original hearing, that she had dissected humans in the course of her work. Hasslein orders Lewis to administer a truth serum to her, while Cornelius is taken to confinement quarters. Lewis warns Zira that the serum will have the same effect as the champagne Hasslein convinced her to drink earlier. As a result of the serum, Hasslein learns for himself that Zira examined and operated on humans in the future. Zira is taken to join Cornelius in confinement while Hasslein takes his findings to the U.S. President ([[William Windom . An orderly bringing food refers to the unborn child as a "little monkey;" Cornelius has heard enough of the epithet and knocks the tray out of the orderly\'s hands, thinking he has only knocked the orderly unconscious; he is stunned later to overhear that the boy died. Hasslein uses it as an illustration of the future danger the apes present and calls for the apes\' execution. The president reluctantly orders that the unborn child\'s birth be terminated and that both be sterilized. Running for their lives, Cornelius and Zira  find shelter in a circus run by Señor Armando , where an ape named Heloise has just had a baby. There Zira gives birth to a son, whom she names Milo. Hasslein, knowing that Zira\'s giving birth was imminent, orders a search of all circuses and zoos. As a result, Armando must send the apes away; Lewis gives Cornelius a pistol to use as a last resort. Hasslein tracks the apes down to an abandoned ship, and finds Zira resting with her infant. Hasslein shoots Zira after she refuses to hand over her infant and then proceeds to fire several shots into the infant; he is immediately shot to death by Cornelius, and falls overboard. After Cornelius kills Hasslein, he is shot by an unseen Marine Corps sniper and, as Stephanie and Lewis watch, falls to the deck of the ship. Zira tosses her dead baby over the side of the ship before crawling to lie with her husband. The survivors are unaware of the real fate of the infant ape: Cornelius, Zira, and Armando switched babies with the common ape Heloise before their escape. Armando now watches over the intelligent infant Milo. The film ends with the baby Milo sitting in a cage, plaintively speaking the words "Mama? Mama?"'] ['Jack Conrad  is awaiting execution in a corrupt Salvadoran prison. "Purchased" by a wealthy television producer and transported to a deserted island in the South Pacific along with nine other condemned criminals similarly purchased from prisons around the world. They are "offered" the opportunity to avoid capital punishment and win back their freedom by fighting to the death in an illegal game to be filmed and broadcast live over the Internet. A bomb is placed on the ankle of every contestant, each featuring a 30-hour countdown timer, and a ripcord that will detonate the bomb after a ten second delay. The winner will have the bomb removed and be given their freedom as well as a pocket full of cash as the prize. Ian Breckel , the producer, is aiming for online ratings that equal or beat the latest Super Bowl reception of 40 million television viewers. As the broadcast progresses, FBI agents discover Conrad\'s real identity as Jack Riley after a tip from one of Conrad\'s former classmates. Conrad is discovered to be a former Delta Force operative who was captured on a Black ops mission to El Salvador after bombing a building controlled by drug dealers. Conrad\'s girlfriend becomes aware of the situation and watches the show at a local bar as it unfolds. Ewan McStarley  and Saiga  team up to remove the competition, while Yasantwa  uses her wiles to trick others to their death. After seeing the show\'s broadcast tower before the show, Conrad infiltrates the tower and calls his girlfriend, managing to tell her the latitude of the island before he is forced to leave. After the other seven contestants have died, Conrad is left alone against McStarley and Saiga. He stabs Saiga, and McStarley flees. Eventually, a helicopter drops a shotgun down to McStarley, who uses it to hunt down Conrad. After Conrad falls into a stream, McStarley runs into the cameraman and his armed guard dressed in ghillie suits while searching for Conrad, and shoots them, picking up the guard\'s MP5 submachine gun. When McStarley and Conrad meet again, Conrad ends up rolling over a cliff and into a stream to avoid being shot by McStarley\'s shotgun. Conrad is presumed dead by the fall, and McStarley is declared the winner. As McStarley is being driven to the control tower to collect his prize, Breckel hears that the FBI has sent United States Navy SEALs to take him into custody. After he meets McStarley and de-activates his bomb, he tells him that he will not receive his prize money. Breckel and McStarley fixed the game in his favor in exchange for his freedom and profits. McStarley takes an MP5 from one of the guards, and kills the tech team in the building, one by one, since they truthfully did not know that Breckel is abandoning them all. When he corners Julie, Breckel\'s girlfriend, he is confronted by Conrad, who shoots him several times after talking briefly. Conrad grabs McStarley\'s two machine guns and chases down Breckel, who is fleeing the island in a helicopter. After emptying the two guns firing at the helicopter, he is given McStarley\'s re-activated ankle bomb by Julie. Conrad throws it into the helicopter, which explodes and crashes into a cliff. The epilogue shows Conrad being driven back to his home in Texas, a free man, and meets his girlfriend , who presumed him dead after he fell off the cliff in his struggle against McStarley. The film ends with Conrad slowly forming a smile.'] ['The year is 1936. The film is narrated by Wallau ([[Ray Collins .Seven prisoners escape from the fictitious Westhofen concentration camp near Worms, Germany near the Rhine. They represent a cross-section of German society: a writer, a circus performer, a schoolmaster, a farmer, a Jewish grocery clerk, and two prisoners who are apparently political activists. One is George Heisler  and the other his mentor Wallau , the leader of the group. The camp commandant erects a row of seven crosses and vows to "put a man on each." The first to be apprehended is Wallau, who dies without giving up any information yet continues to narrate the film. The film follows Heisler as he makes his way across the German countryside , steals a jacket to cover his prison garb, and watches out, as the Nazis round up every other escaped prisoner and puts them up on the crosses, and the local population remains largely indifferent. Despite the common brutality of some of his countrymen, Heisler does receive help. Still, he is somewhat soured on the German people and humanity in general. He first makes his way to his home city of Mainz where his former girl friend, Leni, who had promised to wait for him, but has since married, refuses to help him in the slightest way, and threatens to "report" him; he steals a bit of her food and departs. He next witnesses the suicide leap of the cornered circus performer and then goes on to see a contact whose name he had given him, where he encounters Mme. Marelli  who gives him the outfit she was holding for the performer and slips some money into his coat pocket. Next he goes to a Jewish doctor a few doors away who had been suggested by Mme. Marelli, who treats a hand injured during his escape which had become infected. Intercut with Heisler\'s escape odyssey are some scenes involving some of his friends who are trying to locate and help him. When he finally reaches the home of his pre-arranged contact he finds that he has been arrested. He cannot visit his family, because they are being watched, so he goes to his old friend, Paul Roeder . Though Paul is a factory worker with a wife, Liesl , and young children, he still risks all to help Heisler. Roeder gets in touch with the German underground, whose members risk their lives to get Heisler out of the country. Through his exposure to this courage and kindness, and with the help toward the end of a sympathetic waitress  in an inn where he\'s hiding out and with whom he has a brief tryst and promises to send for later, Heisler regains his faith in humanity. Thanks to their help, the film ends as he approaches a cargo ship that is to take him away, "perhaps to Holland", with a shot of the empty seventh cross.'] ["During World War II, Janusz Wieszczek , a young Polish officer held by Soviets as a POW, is interrogated by NKVD. When the Soviets cannot force him to admit he is a spy, they bring his wife and extort from her, a statement condemning Janusz. As a result, he is sentenced to 20 years in one of the Gulag forced labour camps deep in Siberia. At the camp, Janusz meets Mr. Smith , an American soldier, Khabarov , an actor, Valka , a hardened Russian criminal, Tomasz , a Polish artist, Voss , a Latvian priest, Kazik , a Pole suffering from night blindness, and Zoran , a Yugoslavian accountant. Khabarov secretly tells Janusz that he is planning to escape south to Mongolia, passing Lake Baikal. Mr. Smith tells Janusz that it is just one of Khabarov's fantasies to keep his morale high, but Janusz decides to implement the plan. He escapes with Mr. Smith, Valka, Voss, Tomasz, Zoran, and Kazik during a severe snowstorm in order to cover their tracks. During the second night of their trek, Kazik freezes to death after losing his way to the hide-away while looking for wood, and is later buried by the group. After many days of travelling across the snows of Siberia, the group reach Lake Baikal. There they meet Irena , a young Polish girl, who tells them a story of her parents being murdered by Russian soldiers, and her escape from a collective farm near Warsaw. Mr. Smith realises that her story is a lie as Warsaw is ruled by the Germans and that she is a Russian, but agrees with the group to let her in. When the group reach an unpatrolled border between Russia and Mongolia, Valka decides to stay, as he still sees Russia as his home, and Josef Stalin as a hero. The rest continue to Ulaanbaatar, but soon they see images of Stalin and a red star. Janusz realises that Mongolia is under communist control and tells the group that India is the closest refuge for them. As they continue south across the Gobi desert, lack of water, sandstorms, sunburn, blisters and sun-stroke weakens the group. Irena collapses several times and soon dies. A few days later, Tomasz collapses and dies. Mr. Smith is on the verge of death, but after being motivated by Janusz, Zoran and Voss, he decides to rejoin the group and the four find a stream of water and avoid dehydration. As they reach the Himalayas, all on the verge of death, they are rescued by a Tibetan monk who takes them to a Buddhist monestary, where they regain their strength. Mr. Smith decides to go to Lhasa, where one of his US Army contacts will help him get back to America. The remaining three continue to trek through the Himalayas and soon reach India. At the end of the film, the final three say their goodbyes as Zoran and Voss stay in India and Janusz keeps walking around the world until 1989, when Poland gets rid of the communists. The final scene of the movie shows Janusz, fifty years later, returning to his house, seen in several hallucinations, and reuniting with his wife."] ["Set a year before the final episode of the series, Fletcher and Godber are forced by another inmate to escape from prison and then have to try to break back in before they're found by the police. Three one-off characters made an impact in the film. Rudge, played by Daniel Peacock, was a young, timid prisoner in the Godber mould, seen arriving for his three-year stretch for shoplifting at the beginning of the film. He came into his own when he showed his outstanding football skills during the game which led to the breakout. Oakes, played by Barrie Rutter, was the violent armed robber who arrived in the same van as Rudge and was sprung for the breakout, reluctantly taking Fletcher and Godber with him. Beale, played by Christopher Godwin, was a new prison officer who subscribed to the firm approach to the job, but proved easy to manipulate into recommending a celebrity football match."] ['TV reporter and former star athlete Mickey Almon is covering a World athletic event in Moscow when he is arrested by the KGB after being approached by a scientist wanting him to smuggle secret information out of the Soviet Union. Almon is imprisoned and interrogated over several days by prison official Bukovsky who ultimately forces him to confess to being a spy for the United States. Though promised with release for doing so, Almon is instead transported to a railway station and placed aboard a train on a Stolypin prison car with other political prisoners bound for a labor camp near the Arctic Circle. After arriving, Almon meets a fellow foreign prisoner, a sarcastic Englishman who teaches him how to survive the brutal life of the camp. In time, after learning that his ultimate fate in the camp will eventually be death through hazardous labor, Almon and the Englishman conspire together to plot an escape to Norway.'] ['An Iranian physician, Sayed Bozorg "Moody" Mahmoody  desires to visit his family in Iran and asks his American wife, Betty  and their daughter Mahtob to join him, as they have never met Betty or Mahtob. However, after spending two weeks in Iran, Moody reveals that he has been fired from the clinic for racial reasons and wishes for them to stay in Iran. Betty disagrees, and Moody suddenly becomes domineering and violent, taking advantage of Islamic Laws to torment Betty whenever she disagrees with him, and forbidding her from leaving the house and using the telephone. Betty briefly manages to visit the American Interests Division of the Swiss Embassy, but she is told that she has effectively been stripped of her American citizenship and is now an Iranian citizen for marrying an Iranian. Knowing that her chances of escaping are limited, Betty plays the part of devout Muslim wife to gain Moody and his family\'s trust. During a trip to the market, a sympathetic shopkeeper overhears her speaking to the Embassy on the telephone and puts her in contact with a friendly smuggler, Hossein , who offers Betty and Mahtob safe passage through the Persian Gulf. Due to the Iran-Iraq war, the Gulf becomes too dangerous, so Hossein books a flight back to America for Betty and Mahtob. However, Betty receives word that her father is critically ill and may die soon. Moody, who by now trusts Betty fully, gives his permission to return to see him, but will not allow her to take Mahtob with her. Furthermore, Moody books a flight for Betty a few days before the one scheduled by Hossein, complicating things more. Finally, the night before Betty\'s flight to America, Moody receives a call from his clinic requesting him to return for emergency treatment. As this may be her last chance to escape with Mahtob, Betty feigns going out with Mahtob to get some presents for her father and meets up with Hossein and his sister. Under Hossein\'s advice, Betty calls Moody and pretends to agree to meet him with a lawyer the next day so as to stall him. Hossein sends Betty and Mahtob off with the smugglers, and using fake IDs and documents, make their way past the checkpoints. Despite the difficult journey, in which one smuggler demands Betty\'s jewellery as payment and later attempts to rape her, only to be sent away by the other smuggler, Betty and Mahtob are finally dropped off in Turkey, the remaining smuggler returning their things to them as a sign of apology. Weary from the long trip, Betty and Mahtob see the American Embassy in the distance.'] ['Eddie Macon  was wrongly convicted of a crime. While performing at a prison rodeo in Huntsville, Texas, he escapes and heads for the border, hoping to join his family in Mexico. Marzack  is a cop in hot pursuit of Eddie, determined to put him back in jail. Eddie has no transportation, so he takes the journey on foot. He ends up in the woods, where he is nearly killed. He meets Jilly Buck, a bored rich girl who agrees to help him because it\'s "just a slow Wednesday."'] ['During the First World War, two French aviators — aristocratic Captain de Boeldieu  and working-class Lieutenant Maréchal  — embark on a flight to examine the site of a blurred spot on photos from an earlier air reconnaissance mission. They are shot down by a German aviator and aristocrat, Rittmeister  von Rauffenstein . Von Rauffenstein, upon returning to base, sends a subordinate to find out if the aviators are officers and, if so, to invite them to lunch. During the meal, von Rauffenstein and de Boeldieu discover they have mutual acquaintances&mdash;a depiction of the familiarity, if not solidarity, within the upper classes that crosses national boundaries. De Boeldieu and Maréchal are then taken to a prisoner-of-war camp, where they meet a colorful group of fellow French prisoners and stage a vaudeville-type performance just after the Germans have taken Fort Douaumont in the epic battle of Verdun. During the performance, word arrives that the French have recaptured the fort. Maréchal interrupts the show, and the French prisoners spontaneously burst into "La Marseillaise". As a result of the disruption, Maréchal is placed in solitary confinement, where he suffers badly from lack of human contact and hunger; ironically, the fort changes hands once more while he is still imprisoned. De Boeldieu and Maréchal also help their fellow prisoners finish digging an escape tunnel. However, just before it is completed, everyone is transferred to other camps. Because of the language barrier, Maréchal is unable to pass word of the tunnel to an incoming British prisoner. De Boeldieu and Maréchal are moved from camp to camp, finally arriving in Wintersborn, a mountain fortress prison commanded by Von Rauffenstein, who has been so badly injured in battle that he has been promoted, but reassigned, much to his regret. Von Rauffenstein tells them that Wintersborn is escape-proof. At Wintersborn, the pair are reunited with a fellow prisoner, Rosenthal , from the original camp. Rosenthal is a wealthy French Jew, who generously shares the food parcels he receives. De Boeldieu comes up with an idea, after carefully observing how the German guards respond to an emergency. De Boeldieu volunteers to distract the guards for the few minutes needed for Maréchal and Rosenthal to escape. After a commotion staged by the prisoners, the guards are ordered to assemble them in the fortress courtyard. During the roll call, it is discovered that de Boeldieu is missing. He makes his presence known high up in the fortress, drawing the German guards away in pursuit. Maréchal and Rosenthal take the opportunity to lower themselves from a window by a homemade rope and flee. Von Rauffenstein has the guards stop shooting at de Boeldieu and pleads with his fellow aristocrat to give himself up. De Boeldieu refuses, and von Rauffenstein reluctantly shoots him in the stomach . Nursed in his final moments by a remorseful von Rauffenstein, de Boeldieu laments that their usefulness to society  will end with this war. He also pities von Rauffenstein, who will have to find a new purpose in the emerging social order. Maréchal and Rosenthal journey across the German countryside, trying to get to nearby Switzerland. Rosenthal injures his foot, slowing Maréchal down. They quarrel and part, but then Maréchal returns to help his comrade. They take refuge in the shed of a German farm woman, Elsa , who has lost her husband at Verdun, along with three brothers, at battles which, with quiet irony, she describes as "our greatest victories." She generously takes them in, and doesn\'t betray them to a passing German army patrol. Maréchal begins to fall in love with her, but he and Rosenthal eventually leave, after Rosenthal is healed. Maréchal promises to come back for Elsa and her daughter, Lotte, after the war. A German patrol sights the two fugitives crossing a snow-covered valley. The soldiers fire a few rounds, but then an officer orders them to cease fire, saying the pair have crossed into Switzerland. We last glimpse the pair from a distance, trudging through deep snow, their future uncertain.'] ['Dieter Dengler , a German-born U.S. Navy pilot in squadron VA-145, is shot down in his A-1 Skyraider over Laos in February 1966, while on a combat mission. He survives the crash only to be pursued, and ultimately captured, by the Pathet Lao. Dengler is given the chance for leniency by the Province Governor  if he signs a document condemning America, but he refuses. He is tortured and taken to a prison camp. There he meets fellow American military soldiers and pilots, such as Gene DeBruin  and Duane W. Martin , some of whom have been captive for years. Dengler begins planning an escape, much to the disbelief of his fellow combatants, who have been downtrodden through physical and psychological torture by the camp guards. Eventually, all the prisoners agree to escape, only Dengler and Martin follow through with the plan as the others disappear and are not seen again in the film. Dengler and Martin try to reach the Mekong River to cross over into Thailand, but Martin is killed by a mob of angry villagers. Eventually, Dengler is rescued by an American helicopter but sequestered in a hospital due to the secret nature of his mission. He is visited by some of his squadron who covertly takes him back to his ship, where he is welcomed as a hero by the crew.'] ["Blood Alley tells the story of Captain Tom Wilder , an American Merchant Marine captain whose ship was seized by the Chinese Communists. He has been imprisoned by them for a number of years. Wilder has been recruited to take the people of Chiku Shan village in Red China to British Hong Kong in a small wood-burning sternwheeler riverboat, with nothing more than his memory of the coast, a hand drawn chart, and an unreliable magnetic compass to navigate with. The villagers have been setting up this plan for two years, gradually raising the bottom of the channel into their village harbor with stones so that once the local patrol boat  is lured inside, sinking some of the village sampans loaded with rocks will cause it to run aground and trap it there, thereby delaying word of their escape. They have also been quietly accumulating arms ranging from .30 caliber Browning machine guns to Mosin Nagant rifles against the day they make their break for freedom. They also have to deal with the complication of a family of dedicated Communists in the village, the Fengs, who must be brought along despite their ideology. If they are left behind, they will either rat out the rest of the villagers or be shot for allowing them to escape. The villagers include the riverboat's Chief Engineer, a US Navy-trained marine engineer named Tack, played by Henry Nakamura. He has sabotaged the riverboat, to force the ChiComs to install a steel boiler to replace the original cast iron boiler that is not up to the task of taking the ferryboat 300 miles along the coast to Hong Kong. He also helps the villagers who have come aboard as passengers when the escape is launched to pirate the sternwheeler by setting off smoke bombs to simulate a fire aboard. The freedom-loving Chinese take the ferry and with Wilder in command bring her to the village. Wayne's love interest is the tough and determined Cathy Grainger  whose father is a medical missionary. Dr. Grainger is murdered by the Reds after an operation he was performing on a political commissar went sour while the final preparations for the escape were being made. Wilder is forced to tell her of the murder just before the villagers leave their ancestral homes for the last time aboard the renamed Chiku Shan. Following their carefully thought out plan, the villagers lure the patrol boat into the harbor and trap it there, ripping its bottom out on the artificial reef they have built. They then flee down the coast, bluffing their way past a Peoples Liberation Army Navy destroyer that has not yet learned about their escape and disappearing into a fog bank, hiding by day and sailing by night. Along the way, the Fengs first poison the food supply and then during a storm attempt to take the ship, an attempt that fails. It is during the storm that Cathy comes to terms with her feelings of love for the bluff Captain Wilder. Forced by a shortage of wood and fresh water to pull into the Graveyard of Ships at Honghai Bay, Captain Wilder intends to strip wood for the fires and water from the wrecks to fill his tanks and the boiler. While mooring, he picks up a heavy timber through the sternwheel, forcing him to stay there longer than he'd planned so Chiku Shan can be repaired. At the same time, Cathy leaves the ship to search for the truth about her father's death , returning after learning his death was exactly as Wilder had told her; and the Fengs are put off the ship, only to be taken back aboard  when the destroyer they had slipped past earlier first shells the Graveyard and later sends her boats to search for the ferry in the maze of channels of the estuary in which Wilder has sought refuge. Unable to use the engine because the smoke from the boiler would give away their position, the passengers aboard Chiku Shan pole and tow their riverboat through the marshlands until they can reach the open sea beyond the range of the searching Red destroyer's boats. Tack fires up the boiler again and Chiku Shan triumphantly proceeds to Hong Kong Harbor with her 170-plus refugees aboard, freed from the tyranny of Communism."] ["At a Prisoner of War  camp for Germans in the north of Scotland, Kapitän zur See Willi Schlüter  - a German submariner – challenges the authority of the camp’s embattled Commanding Officer, Major Perry . British Army Captain Jack Connor arrives to investigate what's happening at the McKenzie POW Camp. Connor believes the camp disturbances are a cover for an escape attempt. During a mass brawl two POWs escape dressed as British soldiers and Connor notices an outcast German POW named Neuchl ([[Horst Janson , being dragged from the barracks and fleeing from the Germans. He is badly beaten and later that night in the hospital is strangled before Connor gets the chance to learn about Schlüter's plans. With Connor investigating the camp, Schlüter leads his 28-man escape party out of a tunnel the next day. Meeting the two escapees who have arranged a U-boat to pick them up, they all head for the coast. Unknown to Schlüter, Connor has broken the code used in letters sent by POWs to Germany and knows the plan. Connor, along with, General Kerr ([[Jack Watson , starts searching for the prisoners. The Germans head for the coast and burn their escape lorry, which is seen by a reconnaissance plane. Drawn by the burning lorry, Connor  locates the Germans attempting to paddle towards a surfaced U-boat at dusk. Connor calls in a Royal Navy motor torpedo boat  with depth charges to engage the U-boat. With only 50 yards to go, Connor orders the pilot to 'buzz' the inflatable dinghies, delaying Schlüter's craft, and with the MTB arriving, the U-boat dives, leaving Schlüter and three comrades stranded."] ['In apartheid era South Africa, Shack Twala , a black revolutionary who had served time on Robben Island, is freed by Rina van Niekerk, his Afrikaner defence attorney, because he would be a victim of retroactive legislation. Rina, estranged from her husband Blane, is having a relationship with an English mining engineer, Jim Keogh , who has attended Shack\'s trial. Surprised by the verdict, Rina, Jim and Shack go off to celebrate at her house. They are stopped by the South African Police who are conducting identity document checks and arresting everyone who does not have their papers on them. As Shack has only just been released from prison he will not receive his papers until the next day. The police Constable and Shack antagonise each other leading to Shack being handcuffed and arrested. When Rina attempts to pull the Constable off Shack, the policeman hits her, knocking her to the ground. Jim assaults and knocks out the Constable making all three fugitives. At Police Headquarters, an SAP Brigadier is criticised by Major Horn of the South African Bureau of State Security  for not only arresting Shack but continuing with their random identity checks and arrests that have infuriated world opinion. The three fugitives are followed and monitored by BOSS to lead them to discover their escape route to Botswana and its facilitators, two Indian dentists; a stash of stolen uncut diamonds being used to fund the "Black Congress"  and the leader of the "Black Congress", a man named Wilby.'] ['Seven years after World War II, a 12-year old boy named David  escapes a Stalinist labor camp in Bulgaria where he has spent his entire life. He sets out on a risky journey to Denmark, initially believing he is on an important mission to deliver a letter, but eventually discovering that the "mission" was to reunite him with his mother, of whom he only has faint memories. Along his journey, he faces danger, fear, loneliness, hunger, and encounters various people. Johannes , his friend and mentor in the camp, who prepares him for escape, is killed by a guard, leaving David to face escape on his own. David is helped by a guard to escape, who gives him a compass and tells him he must go southwest to Greece, take a boat to Italy and finally go north to Denmark, a peaceful and neutral country. Since David was locked in a camp all his life, he has repressed feelings and trusts no one, and so feels lost and disoriented in the world. Along his journey, though he is mistreated by some people, he is well-treated by others. Gradually he learns that some people can be trusted, and to open up and experience his own feelings. Finally, with the help of decent people whom he has learned to trust, David and his mother are reunited.'] [" In 1940, on the tramp steamer Ville de Nancy just before the defeat of France by the Germans, five convicts are found adrift in a small canoe in the Caribbean Sea. Marius , Garou , Petit , Renault  and their leader, Matrac  were taken aboard, where they tell Captain Patain Malo  the story of their escape from the French prison colony at Cayenne in French Guiana. They had been recruited by Grandpère ([[Vladimir Sokoloff , a fervently patriotic ex-convict, to fight for France in her hour of need. The inmates recount Matrac's troubles in pre-war France to convince the old man to choose Matrac to lead the escape. A crusading newspaper publisher, Matrac had been framed for murder to shut him up. By the time the Ville de Nancy nears the port of Marseille, France has surrendered to Nazi Germany, and a collaborationist Vichy government has been set up. Upon hearing the news, the captain secretly decides not to deliver his valuable cargo to the Germans. Pro-Vichy passenger Major Duval  organizes an attempt to seize control of the ship, but is defeated, in great part due to the escapees. When they reach England, the convicts join the Free French forces. Matrac becomes a gunner on a bomber. His wife Paula  and their son, whom he has never seen, live in occupied France. After each mission, he flies over their house and drops a letter. On a final mission, however, as Free French Captain Freycinet  relates, there is no message; Matrac has been killed in combat."] ['Liz Wetherly is a popular black singer in need of a break from her hectic schedule. When her car breaks down, she ends up stuck in a remote southern town that‘s been left for dead “ever since they put in the interstate.” She is forced to spend the night at “Bertha’s Oasis”, a rundown lodge that serves as the bizarre fiefdom of an overweight ex-burlesque star who lords over her much younger boyfriend, Eddie, and a cast of equally-strange townsfolk. Eddie fancies himself a singer on par with Elvis, and expects Wetherly to make him famous. But things turn ugly for Wetherly, who endures rape and abuse at the hands of her captors, before culminating in her bloody revenge on the “rednecks” that terrorized her.'] ['Colonel Joseph L. Ryan  is a US pilot whose P-38 Lightning is shot down. He is captured by Italian troops and taken to an Italian prisoner-of-war camp in Italy, run by the cruel Blackshirt Major Battaglia . The camp is populated mainly by British prisoners (9th Battalion, Royal Fusiliers, 167 Infantry Brigade, [[56th . The previous British commanding officer, Col. Brian Lockhart, had recently died as a result of harsh camp discipline, specifically in being put in the metal "sweat box." When Ryan arrives in camp, Major Eric Fincham  is the ranking British officer. The American colonel being senior to Fincham, Ryan assumes command of the prisoners. Ryan pays respect to his predecessor by refusing to sit in the late commanding officer\'s chair. When a US prisoner  is about to be punished for stealing rations, Ryan discovers he was stealing medicine, which Fincham had ordered be stashed for a future escape attempt. Ryan orders that the drugs be dispensed as necessary. He then shows the Italian guards the prisoners\' escape tunnels under construction, which infuriates the British prisoners. When Battaglia doesn\'t keep his word to improve conditions as much as agreed, Ryan orders the prisoners to strip and burn their filthy clothes in an effort to force Battaglia into issuing new ones. Battaglia does so, but throws Ryan into the sweat box as a punishment. After hearing of the Italian capitulation to the Allies, the guards flee, leaving the camp unguarded. The British promptly put Battaglia on trial as a war criminal, and allow his second-in-command and Anglo-Italian translator, Captain Oriani , to defend him. Battaglia portrays himself as a broken man who has repudiated fascism. Ryan orders him not to be executed, but to be put in the sweat box. The men depart on a long trek across the Italian countryside, before hiding in ancient Roman ruins for the night, as Orianai attempts to contact Allied forces. When morning comes, Germans swarm out of the forest and recapture the prisoners, killing several. Fincham is furious as he thought that Oriani had betrayed them. However, when the POWs are put on the train, they find a severely battered Oriani in the prisoner carriage. Battaglia is outside, gloating, and they realise they were betrayed to the Germans by the former camp commandant. The Nazis shoot all sick prisoners, causing the irate Fincham to shout, "You\'ll get your Iron Cross now, von Ryan!". The train travels to Rome, where the men are allowed to eat and a German officer, Major Von Klemment , takes command of the train. Ryan discovers that the floorboards of the boxcar the officers are locked in to be loose, and manages to pry a hole in the floor. That night, when the train stops to refuel, Ryan, Fincham, and Fincham\'s Lieutenant, Orde, sneak out from underneath the train and manage to kill several of the guards, taking their guns and helmets to blend in in the dark. They free a carload of the POW\'s, who take out the remaining guards, but accidentally kill the engine\'s Fireman in the process. Ryan and Fincham capture Major von Klemment and his Italian mistress, Gabriella . Before the men can escape, another train appears coming up behind them. They pull out of the station with seconds to spare. Oriani persuades the Italian locomotive engineer to help, and one of the POW\'s fills in as Fireman. Von Klemment reveals to the men that the train behind them is a German troop train on the same schedule as them, so the train cannot stop to let the men escape. They also find out that Von Klemment is to receive orders in each station the POW\'s stop in for food. A German-speaking Allied chaplain, Captain Costanzo , is enlisted to impersonate the German commander to ensure their passage through the next station in Florence. Costanzo does the acting job bravely and with style by berating the sloppiness of the German clerk on duty, but when they return to the train, he faints. Looking at the maps and papers Major von Klemment was to receive, they realise that the troop train and the prisoner train are headed towards Innsbruck in Nazi-controlled Austria. Through trickery and the forged signature of a member of the German General Staff, Ryan and the prisoners manage to switch their train at Bologna onto a different line while the troop train continues its usual route to Innsbruck. However, before the train can leave, two Gestapo agents board the train, seemingly for an inspection. It turns out that, after a brief moment of tension, where Fincham prepares to kill them, it is revealed the agents are black market hustlers. They merely want Ryan\'s US Air Corp wristwatch and trade cigarettes and rare nylon stockings for it. Afterwards, the agents depart without further suspicion. Major von Klemment and Gabriella are kept tighly bound and gagged. Fearing they will be murdered once the prisoners leave the train, Gabriella conceals a piece of a broken glass to cut their bonds. As the men further discuss their plans, Gabriella attempts to seduce Ryan, seductively putting on the nylon stockings Ryan had kept. Ryan asks her why she would stay with a German. Gabriella attempts to get him to feel pity for her, mentioning the hard life she had had before the war. At a water stop, where the men are being harassed by Italian civilians, Major von Klemment escapes and shoots Orde, but he is shot by Ryan. Ryan, in a German uniform, must reluctantly kill Gabriella as she escapes to prevent her from betraying his men. Ryan makes involuntary eye contact with a nearby Italian youth who had previously been hurling insults at what he thought were Germans. Now the youth silently stares with contempt at Ryan. By this time, the Germans have wind of the ruse. The prisoners attempt to escape in what they believe is an abandoned siding storp, but discover that the track leads to a secret German facility, which is being bombed by an Allied air attack. The train races through the holocaust, bombs exploding left and right. Several of the cars catch fire, and a number of men are severely wounded. The engineer and Oriani have an idea, as the next stop is Milan. If they could disable the signals at one key tower in the Central Station, they could also disable the controls and track displays at the station, confusing the Germans. At the same time, they could re-route the train up to neutral Switzerland through manual switching without being noticed. The Germans are waiting for them at Milano Centrale. Ryan and his men successfully disable one electric interlocking tower and switch the train off on the key line to Switzerland. Realizing the feint, the Germans commandeer a freight train to pursue. As the Alps appear ahead of them, the train is attacked by three German fighter aircraft. One plane is shot down, but another destroys a section of track at a key bridge. The POWs replace the damaged track in front of them as the Germans race up from behind. Ryan, Fincham and the others try to hold off the German soldiers; many of them are killed in the process. The track is repaired and the train begins to move as the remaining POW\'s race up from behind it. Fincham makes it onto the train and desperately reaches back for Ryan, urging him to run faster as the Germans race through the tunnel in pursuit. Ryan is shot in the back and killed by the German commander just short of the train, which then crosses into neutral Switzerland. With Ryan\'s sacrifice, the prisoners have made their successful getaway. The film ends with a voice-over by Fincham, repeating his early comment to Ryan, "If just one man escapes, it\'s a victory."'] ['The film begins with the Malmedy massacre and the escape of American soldiers from their German captors. During the escape, Deacon  manages to disarm a German soldier but does not shoot him - even at the insistence of medic Gould . Gould and Deacon are joined by two other survivors, Kendrick  and Gunderson . Gunderson explains it would be better to hide out until the Allies retake the area and the four hide out in an abandoned building. When a German patrol comes along, the soldiers hide under the floor. While there Deacon loosely translates a German message about a downed plane in the area. Leaving after the Germans, the Americans find a British pilot Flight Sergeant Oberon Winley . Winley explains he has important intelligence he has to get back to the Allies and the group decide to try and reach the Allied lines some 20 miles away. While on point, Deacon has a hallucination and breaks down. Gunderson explains that Deacon had inadvertently killed two women and six children recently. Gould begins to criticize Deacon for not shooting the German and for being religious. Deacon offers him his Book of Mormon which Gould refuses. Deacon says that Gould is asking too many questions for someone who is not interested in faith. Shortly afterwards, Kendrick falls through the roof of an old building that had been covered by the snow. Looking for shelter, Gunderson enters a house and finds a woman and girl who speak French, Catherine and Sophie Theary. A coming snow storm causes Gunderson to surmise that the Germans will be pinned down and immobilized. He suggests staying the night but Winley insists that he must get the information to the Allied troops and leaves during the storm. The others are sure he will die in the cold. Catherine brings some bread to the soldiers. While with the soldiers, two Germans arrive and Catherine talks to them. One German starts scouting the building while the other attempts to rape Catherine. She yells and Deacon kills one German as the other runs into the woods. Winley returns with this German as his prisoner. Deacon recognizes the German as Rudolph "Rudi" Gertz, an acquaintance from his time serving an LDS mission in Berlin. In the morning, Deacon has let Rudi go, but Rudi has told them where the Germans lines are and a way to get through them. With captured weapons they set out but soon encounter a small group of German soldiers. Gunderson is fatally shot by a sniper, whom Deacon then kills. More Germans attack and Winley is hit in the leg. During the firefight the Allied group is split in two. While carrying Winley, Kendrick is shot in the stomach and dies. Winley kills the German and, trying to hobble away, falls into a river. Deacon and Gould find him. While they care for Winley, Rudi finds them and tells them where there is a jeep, and goes off in the direction of the pursuing Germans. The three remaining Allied soldiers, now dressed as German soldiers, get in the jeep and head toward the German lines. They manage to talk their way past a German guard  but when they veer towards the American lines the Germans open fire. Speeding toward the safety of the American lines  the jeep is overturned by mortar fire. Deacon gives covering fire as Gould and Winley head for safety. Deacon is killed by a sniper but the other two make it through and the important intelligence is passed onto to headquarters. As Gould sees Deacon\'s body being carried away, he takes out Deacon\'s Book of Mormon, places the photo of Deacon\'s wife into Deacon\'s hands and keeps the Book of Mormon because Deacon had offered it to him earlier. Gould encounters a now captured Rudi, nods to him, and then helps an injured German soldier whom he recognizes from the massacre at the start of the film.'] ['In Ireland in 1964, three young women, considered sinners in need of redemption by society or their families, are sent to the Magdalene Asylum: Margaret, who was raped by her cousin at a wedding; Bernadette, who flirts with boys; and Rose, who has a child out of wedlock. As the Mother Superior, Sister Bridget, tells them, Magdalene Asylum\'s philosophy is to help young women return to God\'s grace through prayer, hard work and other forms of penance; it is named after Mary Magdalene, the Biblical fallen woman who Jesus forgave and who devoted her life to asceticism to ensure she would be able to enter the Kingdom of Heaven. On her first night in the Asylum, Rose is in anguish as the milk backs up in her breasts. Another inmate of the asylum tells her she must endure the pain rather than lactate because the nuns will be outraged by any "leakage." She also warns Rose and Bernadette that if the nuns suspect they are becoming too intimate, they will be punished severely. The next morning, Katy, one of the older inmates, lectures Bernadette and Crispina about their insensitivity; rather than wash clothes in silence, they traded laundry secrets despite the fact that one of the asylum\'s nuns was in trouble for letting an inmate named Una O\'Connor escape. The next night, Una is brought back by her father -- she had left the asylum because she desperately longed for her family. Her father renounces her, telling her that he will cripple her the next time he sees her. Although Sister Bridget speaks tenderly to her that night, the next day she cuts all of Una\'s long brunette locks off. Crispina and Bernadette are also reprimanded for speaking aloud in the laundry rooms, resulting in several blows to the back of the thighs with Sister Bridget\'s switch. Bernadette tries to seduce Brendan, one of the men who ferry the laundry to and from the asylum, hoping that he will help her escape. But Brendan loses his nerve, leaving Bernadette to be punished with a bloody, forced haircut. She then continues to endure the miseries forced upon her and her fellow inmates, including having their naked bodies mocked by the nuns. Crispina tries to make herself terminally ill with the flu by soaking her nightgown in cold water then sleeping in it. When she loses her St. Christopher medal, she believes God is punishing her for some wrong and tries to hang herself. Only the intervention of Margaret, Rose and Bernadette saves her. Margaret tries to console Crispina by telling her she will soon be able to leave the convent to see her son but Bernadette scoffs at the idea. Bernadette, who has had the St. Christopher medal all along, decides to keep it rather than return it to Crispina. The next day, Margaret sees Crispina performing fellatio on Father Fitzroy, the resident priest just before mass. She continues to protect the mildly retarded Crispina, telling her not to consider Fitzroy a man of God and fighting with Bernadette when she finds the St. Christopher medal under her bed. She also washes Fitzroy\'s vestments with a caustic plant that causes him to break out in a livid rash and strip off his clothes during an open-air mass. When Crispina realizes she has the same rash between her legs and that Sister Bridget will not help her, she obsessively screams "You\'re not a man of God!" at Fitzroy for 10 minutes. That night, Crispina is forcibly taken to Mt. Vernon, a hospital for the mentally ill, so she cannot reveal any more about Fitzroy\'s sexual abuse of her. At Christmas, Margaret\'s brother Eamonn retrieves her from the asylum; she has been at Magdalene for four years and has a difficult time accepting her good fortune. On the way out, they encounter Sister Bridget and the Bishop. When Margaret begins to pray in response to a veiled threat from Sister Bridget, the Bishop sides with Margaret and allows her to pass. Bernadette finds Katy dead; when she goes to tell Sister Bridget, she sees Patricia being viciously beaten for telling Crispina\'s sister that she had been imprisoned in the mental hospital. That night, she tells Patricia that they have to leave. They break in to Sister Bridget\'s office, and after a confrontation with Bridget and other nuns, escape the asylum. With the help of Bernadette\'s aunt, who lives in a nearby town, they are able to start anew. Patricia takes a ferry to Liverpool, in Protestant England; as an adult, she will marry and have two daughters before finding the son that was taken from her in 1964. Bernadette becomes a hairstylist like her aunt and moves to Scotland but is never able to have stable, happy relationships. Margaret became a school headmistress but also never married. Crispina was found by her sister in Mt. Vernon but, her mental health having deteriorated, she died there of anorexia in 1971.'] ['In a dystopian 1988, crime in the United States has increased 400%, so the island of Manhattan has been converted into a giant maximum security prison. A 50-foot containment wall surrounds the island, and mines have been placed on all the bridges and tunnels to the island. The surrounding waters are patrolled and no civilians, even prison guards, are allowed to step foot on the island. Nine years later , while traveling to a three-way summit between the United States, the Soviet Union, and China, Air Force One is hijacked by a terrorist disguised as a stewardess. The plane crashes into Manhattan, but the President  makes it to an escape pod and survives. The inmates take him hostage and order all recovery forces to leave Manhattan immediately or they will kill him. Police Commissioner Bob Hauk  offers a deal to special forces soldier turned criminal "Snake" Plissken : If he rescues the president and retrieves a secret cassette tape within 24 hours, Hauk will give him a full pardon. When Plissken reluctantly agrees to attempt the rescue, Hauk has him injected with microscopic explosives that will rupture his carotid arteries in 24 hours. The explosives can only be defused in the last 15 minutes before they detonate, ensuring that Snake does not abandon his mission. If he returns with the President and the tape in time for the summit, Hauk will save him.  Snake lands atop the World Trade Center in a stealth glider, and locates the plane wreckage and escape pod. He tracks the President\'s life-monitor bracelet signal to a theater, only to find it on the wrist of an old man. He meets an inmate nicknamed "Cabbie" , who takes Snake to see Harold "Brain" Hellman , who has made the New York Public Library his personal fortress. Brain, who knows Snake, tells him that the self-proclaimed "Duke of New York" , has the President and plans to lead a mass escape across the mined and heavily guarded 69th Street Bridge, using the President as a human shield. Snake forces Brain and his girlfriend Maggie  to lead him to the Duke\'s compound at Grand Central Station. Snake finds the President in a railroad car, but he is captured by the Duke\'s men. While Snake is forced to fight with a prisoner named Slag , Brain and Maggie trick the Duke\'s right-hand man Romero  into letting them see the President. Once inside, they kill Romero and the guards, free the President, and flee. When the Duke learns this, he is furious and rounds up his gang to chase them down. In the confusion, Snake slips away and manages to catch up with Brain, Maggie and the President. After a group of crazies cuts the ropes on Snake\'s glider and push it off the top of the World Trade Center, the group heads back down and encounters Cabbie, who offers to take them across the bridge in his cab. When Cabbie reveals that he has the secret tape, the President demands it, but Snake takes it. With the Duke chasing in another car, Snake and the others drive over the mine-strewn bridge. The cab is destroyed by a land mine and Cabbie is killed. As they flee on foot, Brain is killed by a mine and Maggie refuses to leave him, taking Snake\'s gun and firing several shots at the Duke\'s approaching car before he runs her over. Snake and the President reach the wall, and the guards raise the President on a rope. The Duke kills the guards and attacks Snake, but the President shoots the Duke dead. Snake is lifted to safety, and the explosives are deactivated with seconds to spare. As the President prepares for a televised speech, he thanks Snake for saving him. Snake asks him how he feels about the people who died saving his life, but the President only offers half-hearted regret, to Snake\'s disgust. Hauk tries to offer Snake a job, but he refuses and walks away. The President\'s speech commences and he offers the content of the cassette to the summit; but to the President\'s embarrassment, the tape has been switched for a cassette of the swing song "Bandstand Boogie," Cabbie\'s favorite song. Snake receives his pardon and leaves the prison, tearing apart the real tape.'] ['Tony Banks , a retired mob "torpedo" , now settled with wife Flo  and daughter Darlene , worries about his daughter\'s new hippie boyfriend Stash , and his own paternity of Darlene. Cesar Romero and Frankie Avalon appear as a father-and-son pair of mob bosses, Hechy and Angie, who bring Tony the news that top mobster "God"  wants him to carry out one last job — liquidating his old pal, "Blue Chips" Packard , before Packard can testify before the US Senate\'s Crime Commission. Tony refuses, but upon discovering another old friend, Harry , shot through the head, goes along with God\'s wishes and, now wearing a convict\'s striped outfit, finds himself in the island prison of Alcatraz, a futuristically high-tech institution where Packard is held under top-level protection. In Tony\'s absence, Stash and his friends, who have been charged with vagrancy, are invited by Flo to stay at their house. She visits Angie  to persuade him to either cancel the job, or take her to God  so she can ask personally. Angie won\'t take Flo, but he will take Darlene, who nonetheless insists on bringing Stash along. God takes a liking to Darlene, as does God\'s tall, supermodel-like black mistress  to Stash, but both are frustrated in their pursuit. One of Tony\'s cellmates turns out to be a draft dodger called Fred the Professor , an electronics wizard who has renounced technology, but makes an exception in rigging a television set to allow Banks the opportunity of cell-to-cell communication with Packard. Banks realizes he can\'t kill his old friend, and, as a result, will probably never leave the prison. He writes his wife with the news, on stationery borrowed from Fred, while ignoring Fred\'s admonition not to lick the envelope and discovering the hard way that all the stationery is soaked with LSD... enough to send the whole prison on a bad trip. One of the inmates, Leech  says, "Hey, maybe if I take some of that stuff, I wouldn\'t have to rape anybody anymore." Fred guides Tony through the resulting acid experience, helping him come to terms with his worries about Darlene and his past while plotting their escape. Darlene and Stash spend the night aboard God\'s yacht, with Stash getting word back to Flo and his friends about their location, and a coded plea for help. As the hippies mount a rescue, Tony and Fred build a makeshift balloon from discarded freezer bags and garbage cans, dump the whole supply of stationery into the prison\'s lunch, and fly out of the prison as everyone below begins to freak out. As it happens, both the hippies  and the balloon arrive on God\'s hideaway at the same time. Feeling trapped, God adopts the stooped Groucho posture, skulks into a clothes closet and closes the door. As the film ends, we last see Flo and Tony as she pulls him towards a bed in one of the yacht\'s empty side cabins, while in the main cabin, God\'s Skipper , holding open a copy of Gabriel Vahanian\'s iconic 1961 book, The Death of God, performs a marriage ceremony between Angie and God\'s Mistress, who then proceeds to become overly affectionate with surprised best-man/father-figure Hechy, as the dismayed Angie tries to separate them. Behind them, another ceremony, performed by a hippie "minister" named Geronimo , using the Skipper\'s Death of God book, joins "this brother and this sister"  "in holy union". The scene cuts to a medium shot, in calm waters, of a small sailboat, with sails decorated in large psychedelic designs of the words "LOVE" and "PEACE", holding two occupants — Fred the Professor and God, both dressed in Hare Krishna/transcendental meditation garb. As Nilsson\'s voice is heard singing "I Will Take You There", they smile beatifically while sharing a lit joint and, after taking a puff, God/Groucho murmurs, "...mmm, pumpkin". At this point, before members of the theatrical audience can rise from their seats, the words "Stop!, we are not through yet, and before you skidoo, we\'d like to introduce our cast and crew", spoken in Otto Preminger\'s familiar German-accented voice, are heard from the soundtrack. The entire credit sequence  is then sung by Nilsson, with various asides .'] ["Browne  is the wealthy reclusive man who enjoys hunting down human beings like wild game. In this adaptation, Browne is transformed into a British traitor, hiding in the Mexican jungle with his fellow Nazi war criminal and brother-in-law, Colonel Von Andre . When their plane is forced to land in Browne's domain, writer Mike Latimer  and reporter Katy Conners  are welcomed as guests. However, when Latimer finally recognizes his host and realizes he and Katy are in danger, he and Katy escape to the jungle with Browne and Von Andre in hot pursuit with their hunting dogs."] ['In early 1939, before the start of World War II, Sir Robert Hunter  takes aim at Adolf Hitler with a high-powered rifle, but misses when he is spotted and tackled by an SS guard. Captured and tortured by the Gestapo, he is then left for dead, but manages to make his way back to England where, to his shock, he discovers the Gestapo has followed him. Believing that the government would, in all likelihood, turn him over to German authorities, Sir Robert goes underground  to escape his pursuers.'] ["Two convicts dig a tunnel to escape from prison, but end up in the warden's office, after making a detour around a burst water pipe. They then disguise themselves as painters and walk out through the front gates. They later climb into a limousine carrying two visiting French police chiefs, steal their suits and throw the two men out of the car. The two convicts, now disguised as dignitaries, are then driven back to the prison to have dinner with the warden. Later, while visiting the cells, they are recognised and marched back to their own cell."] ["From an ocean rig, a demented scientist, Krank , kidnaps children to steal their dreams. Among them is the little brother, Denree , of carnival strongman and former Russian sailor One , who sets out to rescue him with the help of a young, orphaned, thieves' guild member named Miette . They delve into the world of a bio-mechanical kidnapping cult and discover the connection between the scientist and the missing Denree. Krank is both aided and hindered by Martha, a diminutive woman; Irving , a talkative brain in a tank; and six identical clones of the genius  who created them all and has been missing for many years. They support the cult with technology as they gather children for Krank's experiments to give him dreams as without the ability he is aging rapidly. Conjoined twins known as the Octopus control the guild of thieves in their robberies but have become distrustful of Miette and hire One to help the children steal a safe. The Octopus believes Miette has been holding out and has deserted to help One. They employ performer Marcello  to ensure Miette pays and One returns to them, and much to his distaste he allows Miette to drown while rescuing One from the cult using a mind control system. Beneath the waters Miette's last sight is that of a deep sea diver who takes her to his lair and catalogues her body. He is revealed to be a delusional paranoid and identical to the clones except older with a beard. An accident revives Miette and she finds One and Marcello both drinking and full of sorrow in a bar. The angered Octopus has a henchman ([[Rufus  dispose of the bumbling Marcello and uses the stolen mind control to turn One against Miette; the smallest of actions has the largest of results in a spectacular chain of events leading to the Octopus' demise instead. When a dream escapes the rig, it plants information in Miette's mind and restores some of the diver's memories, including how he was attacked by Krank and the woman he created as a wife and dropped into the sea. They all converge on the rig with the Genius armed to destroy it and the duo to rescue Denree. Miette is forced to enter a dream world to release Denree from the dream extracting machine as the Genius straps himself and dynamite to the legs of the rig. In the dream world Miette is joined by Krank where she uses her imagination to control the dream and foil him once and for all. One and Miette rescue all the children as the explosions start and the Genius finds papers, finally regaining his memory of who he is as the clones and Irving row away."] ['In 1968, B.O.B\'s birthday was celebrated. Dr. Cockroach gave him a cake made of a bucket, frosting, and inedible objects. Cockroach and the Missing Link tell B.O.B to make his wish while they are gone. Dr. Cockroach reveals that the cake he made has transformed B.O.B into a living atomic bomb. He says it will allow the both of them to escape . Cockroach is happy until he finds that B.O.B is right next to them. He tries to blow it out himself, but B.O.B absorbs it. The Chemical instead gave B.O.B the ability to read the minds of those whom he touches; revealed when he exposes the Missing Link\'s sarcastic reaction to the escape attempt and Dr. Cockroach\'s shame at the failed plan. Dr. Cockroach devises another plan: to read General W.R Monger\'s mind to find the escape vehicles and then use B.O.B\'s power to rule the world. A few minutes later, General W.R Monger was lured to the prison center where the monsters were playing a "game" based on The Travels of Marco Polo. Monger tells Cockroach that he has his commandos ready to strike. But the monsters say he has no need to worry. They tell Monger they have given up on trying to escape to let his guard down. B.O.B continues yelling out Marco, which annoys Monger. He yells out Polo and B.O.B. grabs him. General Monger reveals that there was a door behind a poster of him saying "I\'m always watching you - always" and has the access code "1-2-3-4". He also reveals there are no commandos and he likes making funny hand signals. B.O.B starts to play tag. They try to escape, but General Monger shows up in a jeep to stop them. B.O.B changes the game to Red Light, Green Light. Dr. Cockroach tries to run, but Monger closes all the doors. B.O.B. then has bubbles, which read Monger\'s mind. He reveals there\'s a jumbo jet up on the roof that\'s fueled up and ready to go. Then they fly up in it, and B.O.B thinks the plane is a pinata. Link is excited to get outside, while Dr. Cockroach reveals that with B.O.B\'s new power the secrets of the world are theirs. Unfortunately B.O.B crashes the plane, and Monger greets them in a sarcastic matter; the explosion apparently also shuts down B.O.B.\'s new mind-reading ability. They then continue the party with the Invisible Man, and B.O.B remarks, "This is the best birthday party ever!" and the monsters sigh.'] ['The Tweedys are a middle-aged couple who run their chicken farm somewhere in Yorkshire, England. Mrs. Tweedy serves as the genius but high-tempered wife of Mr. Tweedy, who is rather slow and timid, but handles his manual work industriously. The coop is run in the style of a World War II POW camp, with the chickens accountable for the number of eggs they lay daily. One chicken, Ginger, who is often treated as the chickens\' leader, has attempted numerous plans to flee the coop, aided by contraband smuggled in by two rats, Nick and Fetcher. However, Ginger is routinely captured by Mr. Tweedy and his dogs, and is thrown into a coal bin for solitary confinement numerous times. Ginger is finally released from the coal bin just in time for roll call the next day. Mrs. Tweedy finds on her clipboard that a chicken named Edwina had not laid any eggs. With that, Mrs. Tweedy grabs Edwina and takes her to "the chop". Mrs. Tweedy beheads Edwina with a hatchet and cooks her for dinner. Ginger becomes increasingly desperate to find a plan of escape which will work, faces problems with Nick and Fetcher, who are tired of being paid with chicken feed and want eggs instead. Meanwhile, Mrs. Tweedy realizes that the couple\'s farm is failing, and reads a catalogue on an ambiguous method of increasing profits at the couple\'s farm. Ginger, realizing something is wrong, attempts to convince herself and the other chickens to speed up their efforts to escape. However, Ginger soon comes to the conclusion that the only escape route is to go over the fence, something Ginger and the other chickens cannot do. Later that same night, as Ginger sits outside, she sees a Rhode Island Red cockerel that seemingly flies over the fence and accidentally crashes into the coop. The other chicken fawn over the new arrival, who introduces himself as Rocky, while Ginger finds the first half of a poster with a picture of Rocky on it; showing it to the other chickens and explaining how Rocky came in, Ginger claims that Rocky can fly. Upon discovering that Rocky is from a circus, Ginger agrees to hide Rocky from his owners if he teaches them how to fly. Rocky reluctantly agrees, but due to injuring his wing as a result of his landing, he cannot show them immediately. Instead, Rocky puts Ginger and the other chickens through a set of exercises that seem to have no purpose while assuring them that all the chickens are making progress. Meanwhile, a large pie-making machine arrives, which Mr. Tweedy begins assembling. At the same time, Mrs. Tweedy orders food rations doubled. Ginger proclaims that their intent is to fatten them up, and then kill them, only for Rocky to drag her off. The two of them argue, Rocky claiming that Ginger\'s honesty will demoralize the chickens, and Ginger refusing to lie to the other hens. Discovering that the chickens have gone into depression following Ginger\'s announcement, Rocky organizes a party using a radio obtained by Nick and Fetcher, and he and Ginger grow closer whilst dancing. During the party, Rocky\'s arm is shown to have healed. Once the pie machine is complete, the Tweedys kidnap Ginger for its first test. Rocky follows Ginger into the machine and eventually rescues her, damaging the machine and giving Rocky and Ginger more time to work on their escape. Fowler, an older cockerel who has been doubting of Rocky\'s acts, gives him his respect for rescuing Ginger and his old Royal Air Force  badge in tribute. Rocky decides to flee the farm the next day, leaving behind Fowler\'s medal and the second half of his poster, showing that he was actually a stunt cockerel, only "flying" by being shot out of a cannon. This revelation outrages the other chickens, and a fight soon breaks out as morale falls. When Fowler arrives to try and restore order, he begins talking of his days in the RAF, leading Ginger to realize that she and the other chickens can build a plane made from Fowler\'s pictures and personal recollections. Supplied by Nick and Fetcher, the chickens race against time to assemble their plane as the Tweedys work to repair the pie machine. The chickens finally finish their plane just as Mr. Tweedy unexpectedly completes all the repairs of the pie machine and enters the coop to grab all the chickens. However, the chickens launch an open revolt, tying up and gagging Mr. Tweedy and readying the plane. As the chickens prepare for take-off, Mr. Tweedy ends up freeing himself and knocks down the ramp used to get the plane airborne. Ginger jumps down while Fowler turns the plane around, which knocks Mr. Tweedy unconscious. As Ginger struggles to lift the ramp, Mrs. Tweedy arrives and attempts to kill Ginger with her used hatchet. However, Rocky, having had a change of heart, jumps over the fence aboard his tricycle and hits Mrs. Tweedy in her face, briefly knocking her senseless. Rocky and Ginger grab onto the string of lights caught on the plane\'s landing gear as the plane takes off, but Mrs. Tweedy soon awakens and also grabs the lights, weighing down the plane. Ginger heads down the string to cut it, but accidentally loses her scissors. Realizing what is the only way left to cut the lights, Ginger manages to trick Mrs. Tweedy into using the hatchet to sever the string, which causes Mrs. Tweedy to fall, crash into the pie machine, and plugging her into the safety valve. This causes the pie machine to build-up pressure and explode in a mushroom cloud of gravy, destroying the barn and covering the entire farm with gravy, leaving only just the barn door standing. The chickens continue to fly to freedom as Mr. Tweedy reminds Mrs. Tweedy: "I told you they was organized". Mr. Tweedy later drops the door on top of Mrs. Tweedy before she can lash out on him. In the epilogue, the chickens find their idyllic setting in a bird sanctuary, where they can live in comfort and raise their new chicks. Rocky and Ginger, having fallen in love with each other, become a couple. Meanwhile, Nick and Fetcher discuss their plans of starting their own chicken farm, so they can have all the eggs they could eat. However, Nick and Fetcher ends up arguing with each other over whether the chicken or the egg came first. Their argument ultimately continues during the closing credits and even involves Rocky breaking it up in a post-credits scene.'] ["Set on an anonymous Greek island during the last year of the war, 1944, Allied POWs in a remote POW camp are forced to work for the Germans by digging up ancient Greek archaeological artifacts. The camp Commandant, Major Otto Hecht , was an Austrian antiques dealer before the war. Unknown to Hecht's superiors is the fact that he's withholding the more valuable finds for his own personal gain, and sending them to his sister living in Switzerland. Hecht is far from the dutiful army officer, the total opposite of the nearest town's Commandant, Gestapo Major Volkmann . Volkmann and his Lieutenants  rule the town's population with a sadistic grip, executing the innocent residents just as easily as enemy soldiers. The only opposition to the Germans is Zeno , a former Monk, and his few resistance fighters who use the local brothel as an undercover headquarters. Zeno, who is in contact with Allied Headquarters, is ordered to break the prisoners out of their camp to increase his numbers and therefore liberate the town from the Germans and also secure a U-Boat refuelling depot. Using two captured USO artists Charlie  and Dottie  to perform a concert as cover, the prisoners and Zeno's resistance take over the camp. With the choice of helping the resistance or being killed by Zeno, Hecht joins forces with the allies and helps them eradicate Volkmann's troops as well as capturing the fuel depot. With Volkmann dead and the Germans in town no longer a threat, Charlie asks Zeno to lead him and two other prisoners  up to the monastery on Mount Athena to steal Byzantine treasures being kept by the monks. Zeno agrees, to everyone's surprise, but insists they take weapons and explosives as there's a German garrison up there. In reality, Zeno has been ordered to destroy the garrison and its V-2 rockets that would be capable of hindering a proposed Allied invasion, and knows Charley wouldn't go if he knew of the Germans' presence. As Zeno completes his mission of destroying the Nazis' missile base, Charlie finds a set of plates, but not the plates he had expected to find, actually being a set of tin plates, adorned with Hitler's face. During the victory celebration in the village, Hecht, Charlie, and Dottie make plans to acquire more treasures, while Professor Blake  finds out, from one of the other monks, that the plates are safe, having hidden them in the brothel, which, in the final scene of the film, is displayed for all present day visitors to see in the front windows of the brothel."] ["The story takes place in East Berlin soon after the Berlin Wall is built, and is based on an actual escape on January 28, 1962. Kurt Schröder is a chauffeur to East German Major Eckhardt and his seductive wife Heidi, and lives within sight of the Wall. Kurt is having an affair with Heidi. One night he sees a friend, Günther Jurgens, who works at the garage where Kurt has the Major's car maintained, drive his truck into the wall, and get killed trying to escape to the west. Günther's sister, Erika, comes looking for Günther when he doesn't return, and is told that Kurt saw him last night. She then goes to Kurt's house, where he lives with his mother, Uncle Albrecht , sister Ingeborg and kid brother Helmut. Erika is intent on escaping to West Berlin, thinking that her brother made it. Kurt, reasonably satisfied with his life, has no intention of risking his life to attempt an escape. Erika then looks out beyond the barbed wire, but Kurt catches her as she tries to crawl under, and they pretend to be lovers to hide her intentions from suspicious guards. Kurt then hides her in his house. A piece of Erika's clothing is caught in the barbed wire, and the guards track her to the Schröder's house. She hides in a room without a floor, and narrowly escapes the guards after they conclude that she could not be in the room. The Schröders and their neighbors, including a woman named Marga whose husband has already escaped to the west, want to escape East Germany. Kurt comes up with the idea of building a tunnel under the wall, through which they can escape to West Berlin. Although he will mastermind the plan, Kurt has no intention of going with them as he feels he can better serve them by staying behind and being their cover. They drill through the basement wall using Uncle Albrecht's band as a noise cover when the actual drilling takes place. One member of the family keeps watch while the others work on the tunnel itself. After they start digging the tunnel, they are joined by Walter Brunner, to whom Kurt's mother has promised to rent a room. All the while, Kurt is falling in love with Erika, and he eventually summons the courage to tell her that her brother is dead. Because of this burgeoning love, Kurt has changed his mind and will escape with the rest of his family and Erika. On January 27, 1962, the tunnel is completed when just before dawn Kurt reaches the other side, and the breakout is planned for the following night. However, Marga tells Erika's parents the news of their daughter, and Erika's father, a professor who favors the Communist regime, betrays the escape plan to Major Eckhardt. Kurt learns from Heidi that the authorities are after him , and he hurries home. When he arrives home, Kurt learns that his family have invited Uncle Albrecht's band members to join the escape, bringing the number of escapees to 28. Kurt tells them of the betrayal, and that they must make their escape immediately. As the police besiege their house, the Schröders, their friends and Erika make their escape, with Kurt bringing up the rear. He is wounded when a soldier fires, and struggles to make his way through the tunnel as he collapses it behind him, but Erika comes back to find and help him. Together they make their way to the exit, where the others have already emerged to live in freedom."] ['British, French, Dutch and Polish Prisoners of War , of many other nationalities who have repeatedly made escape attempts but have been recaptured, are sent to Oflag IV-C, a supposedly secure castle in Saxony, in the heart of Germany, during World War II. At first the different nationalities try to initiate their own plans until the Senior British Officer  steps in and suggests co-operation between the different contingents. At first, the coordination fails because one of the prisoners is supplying information to the German guards. After he is discovered, plans remain secret. There then follow a number of escapes; some successful, some not. The prisoners of Colditz are high-spirited and eager to needle the Germans. The escape officer of the British contingent, Patrick Reid , assists in the escape of other prisoners and finally carries out his own escape. The culmination of his escape, his successful crossing into Switzerland, is not depicted in the film.'] ["Nikolai 'Kolya' Rodchenko  is a Soviet ballet dancer who had defected from the Soviet Union. The plane carrying him to Tokyo has to make a forced landing in Siberia, and he is recognized by KGB officer Colonel Chaiko . Chaiko then contacts African-American tap dancer, Raymond Greenwood , who has defected to the Soviet Union and gets them both to Leningrad. Chaiko wants Rodchenko to dance at the season's opening night at the Kirov, and Greenwood to babysit Rodchenko. To convince Rodchenko, Chaiko uses Galina Ivanova , a former ballerina who never left the Soviet Union and is an old flame of Rodchenko. After an initial period of racial and artistic friction, the two dancers  become strong friends. When Raymond finds that his wife Darya  is pregnant, he decides he doesn't want his son to grow up in the Soviet Union, and together with Rodchenko they plan an escape, with the help from Galina, who still has feelings for Nikolai. While the escape plan is going on, Raymond chooses to stay behind to delay Chaiko, gaining time for Nikolai and Darya to get to the American Consulate at Leningrad. Even though Raymond is incarcerated when the whole plan is revealed, he is finally traded by the Russians for a prisoner from America, and reunites with his wife and Nikolai."] ['{{plot}}  In an underground cave, Tolbiac  wakes up disoriented, not knowing who he is, or how he got there. A dead man lies next to him. As he stumbles around in the limited light, cold, and darkness, he comes upon a dilapidated area with damaged pieces of technology all around him. While he is trying to get a damaged panel to work, suddenly, digital phantoms appear and inform him of a paradise known as Eden Log. They play a generic welcome message for the workers, where Tolbiac learns that workers are volunteers making sacrifices with the hope of gaining citizenship, presumably for the society above ground, and that Eden Log can offer a passport. Tolbiac passes through the main entryway, but remembers nothing, even after examining several crude maps and some damaged equipment. A second message plays, reasserting the fairness of the worker\'s contract, though the details lack context. The workers will enter the "cycle," and by working below can contribute to the world above through a fair exchange. Their job is described as "looking after the plant," and they are promised that if they do so, the plant will "look after them." The worker\'s message reiterates that the worker\'s only reward is found in their drive to become part of the new society. With no memory of recent events, or even his own name, Tolbiac begins scrounging for supplies and looking for a way out. After recovering some clothes and a harness with mounted lights, he sets out for an exit. After some wandering, he comes upon a bearded man who seems pinned against a wall by the same plant-like vines that protrude from the technology and along the tunnels. The man, clearly in great pain and mentally addled from the experience, only identifies himself as the "architect" and reveals that the plant-like vines have invaded his body and are slowly taking over. As Tolbiac approaches, the man warns him away to keep him from danger but also because something about Tolbiac makes the vines more aggressive. Just as Tolbiac is about to leave completely, he hears a loud, growling noise that seems to be approaching. The architect warns Tolbiac that the noise is "your end" and that he should kill himself immediately. When Tolbiac refuses, the architect warns him to run, but Tolbiac cannot as the noise has grown so loud that he loses consciousness. When Tolbiac wakes up, he is in a new, yet still unfamiliar area with no sign of the Architect. As he crawls through a passage to find an exit, he quickly finds himself enclosed in a cube on a conveyor. The machinery stops suddenly, colliding Tolbiac\'s cube with the one ahead of him, and through the translucent glass, he sees a dead body in the next cube. Panicked, Tolbiac frees himself by swinging the cube off the hinge and crashing to the floor beneath, though this knocks him unconscious again. This time, he finds himself on a slightly better-lit area with his first major landmark indicating that he is on Level -4. While exploring, he finds a dead technician with his hand in a palm-recognition device. After tinkering with the technology, Tolbiac activates the last recording. In it, the dead scientist apparently had an argument with the Eden Log personnel above where he refused to open up access to the "rezo" to security. It becomes clear that the levels of the plantation are sharply divided and massive. What becomes clear is that due to deteriorating and increasingly dangerous conditions in the plant, a large worker\'s revolt was in progress, and the dead technician was instrumental in cutting off security  from the lower ones. The revolting workers demanded to know the condition of the former workers allowed to join the society on the surface, which the company refused. Prior to the security forces breaking into the lab, the technician reveals that there is a record of this information, and unless Eden Log complies, they will release it to the society above. The recording ends with the security forces breaking in and requesting additional orders on containing the situation from their superiors. Their orders were to find the architect, secure the remaining technician on Level -3 to prevent any further broadcasts, and recover the data from the labs. Tolbiac checks the dead technician\'s palm activation device, but the system does not recognize him. Nevertheless, he pulls the data chip out of the device and proceeds to try finding an exit. After some maneuvering in the tunnels, Tolbiac comes up to Level -3. While avoiding the security forces, he overhears their discussion as they search for the remaining technician and the architect. The security forces have also chained up what looks like a mutated human, and they hint that a significant amount of the worker population have also changed into mutants. During a brief scuffle with the security forces, Tolbiac makes a break for the tunnels and fights off their chained mutant, climbing up a narrow passage to Level -2. On Level -2, Tolbiac hears a strange, ambient music playing in a chamber surrounding a well-lit, but small, laboratory. Suddenly ambushed on all sides by the mutants in the dark, he is rescued by a figure in a protective suit  who uses a bright light and loud noise to fend off the mutants. Unfortunately, the light and noise are equally painful to Tolbiac. Capturing him, she uses a gas to knock him out. When he wakes up, she reveals that she is the only remaining Botanist on Level -2, who has survived by remaining isolated and careful. She initially believes Tolbiac to be infected, and progressing in mutation, because he refuses to speak. Once he does, she explains that the "rezo" is the term used in the plant to describe the area in which the workers operate as well as the workers themselves. Eden Log has been using a central living plant, to harvest power. The workers are part of this because the plant\'s sap has energetic properties, giving the workers unusual stamina and strength. However, the more sap that they\'ve taken from the plant, the more toxic and hostile it became. The mutants are the workers who had been corrupted by this sap, and the botanist is both confused and amazed that Tolbiac, an apparent worker, has somehow managed to escape its effects. Seeing his confusion, she conducts a brief test to learn more about him. She connects him to the plant with a simple exam in mind, if he is healthy, the plant will try to infect him , and they\'ll both know that he is infection-free. Better still, the botanist hopes to find out what the plant wants from the humans. During the transfusion, something goes wrong, and Tolbiac seems to be able to force something back into the plant, causing the seemingly sterile plant to sprout and become lush with growth and fruit. Surprised and scared, the Botanist disconnects him from the plant. Shortly after, the mutants begin an assault against the botanist\'s lab, and Tolbiac is tricked and abandoned as bait. When one of the mutants manages to get inside, Tolbiac manages to tie it up and escape. Outside, he catches up with the botanist and fights off several mutants attacking her with increased primal rage. Having established dominance, the remaining mutants back away long enough for the two to run to a working elevator. Inside, Tolbiac is overcome by primal urges for the first time, having flashbacks of his blackout with the Architect and realizes that he had killed him. In this state, he feels part of his humanity slip away in a roar, only to calm down. He then begins to act on the lust he feels for the botanist, first acting tenderly, then brutally as he makes sexual advances on her. When they finish, Tolbiac realizes that his mental flashes during sex that depicted him brutally raping the botanist were not just in his head. While they had started with attraction, in his fugue state he raped her. Under control of himself again, Tolbiac weakly tries to tell her that he was not himself, and she reluctantly goes with him when the elevator breaks down. Together, the two traverse several tunnels, though they remain wary of one another. Eventually, they stumble upon the location of the hidden technician on Level -2, who managed to halt his mutation at the cost of his life. Like the Architect, he underwent a critical merging with the plant in order to keep himself alive. He reveals with more detail what the botanist suspected. In addition, he confirms the ugly truth: the plant workers are never sent to the surface, they are simply exploited by Eden Log. More creatures attack, but Tolbiac manages to fight them off and protect the botanist. The two then approach the exit level, Level -1, which is where the sap is collected. Here, Tolbiac realizes fully that the term "plant" is a double meaning as the whole facility is, in fact, a power plant which uses a biological plant as its power supply. The two proceed upward quickly through the sap collector, since the tree , are above it. Tolbiac and the Botanist suddenly find themselves in the middle of a skirmish between mutants, who are following them from below, and the security forces who are descending. The Botanist spots the cubes which convey humans up to the tree and, without explanation, runs away from Tolbiac towards the underground levels. When he catches up to her, she states her recent revelation to the disoriented Tolbiac; the technicians discovered that the workers, who became ill and infected from using the sap in the rezo, were sent to the surface in cubes to be "cured" by the tree, but this was a lie because the energy in the sap was actually being taken from the humans in the cubes. Immediately after, she begins convulsing and hearing a noise that Tolbiac does not, and he realizes that he has been infected all along . When he raped her, he passed the contamination onto her. He apologizes, but she is too heartbroken to have come so close and survived so long to be infected now. She savagely attacks Tolbiac, but runs away before he is similarly overcome with the infection\'s rage. Before she breaks for the tunnels, she tosses him a final data chip with recordings from before the rebellion. Proceeding upward, Tolbiac emerges in a chamber that for the first time, he recognizes. Dodging another scuffle of security forces and mutants, he sneaks into the surveillance room and begins watching the compiled data clips and piecing all the information together. For the first time, he sees all the messages on full screens and can make out all the details. While watching all the clips, Tolbiac slowly realizes what his true identity is. He was the former captain of the guard, trusted with the full secrets of Eden Log, and asked to quell the rebellion and keep the information from getting out. With another guard, the two descended to the lowest levels where Tolbiac became contaminated and, in a rage, had killed his companion. Instead of mutating, he awoke with no memory, which is where his journey began. When he realizes this, the computer simultaneously confirms his identity as Captain Tolbiac and his completely successful mission of having killed the architect, recovered all the lost data of the technicians, and having put down the mutants, which the guards have just accomplished working under the orders he issued before going underground. As the guards burst into the surveillance office, they immediately stop and recognize him as Captain Tolbiac. On the surface, Tolbiac is saluted by Eden Log for a successful mission and for protecting the company\'s secrets as he stands in front of an animated board depicting the full process of the power harvesting procedure. Workers are sent to the lowest levels, given sap to energize them, then work until they are depleted or dead as their energy is harvested to power the city above. Once they succumb, their bodies are placed in the cubes and used to feed the tree, providing the sap for future workers. Realizing the destruction of the tree\'s life cycle, and now comprehending what the plant was communicating, Tolbiac knows that the Eden Log tree\'s cycle needs to return to a natural process rather than feeding off of humans, though human beings will no longer be able to use the tree\'s life cycle to power their cities. Using his authority, he walks into the tree\'s main chamber and plugs himself in. Like before in the botanists lab, he causes the tree to demonstrate explosive growth, which destroys the power plant and causes a full blackout. The tree\'s growth overruns the city where it covers everything in a lush green coating. In the final scene, the perspective focuses directly on Tolbiac\'s face as a single tear falls from his eye.'] 