['The film\'s tripartite structure is apparently inspired by the Divine Comedy of Dante; the film\'s three segments are titled "Realm 1: Hell", "Realm 2: Purgatory", and "Realm 3: Heaven". The first segment is a relatively brief, non-narrative montage composed of war footage, propaganda footage, and battle scenes from fictional films, constantly intercut, and accompanied by classical piano. The second segment, which is relatively straightforwardly narrative, makes up the bulk of the film. It tells the story of two young women visiting a European arts conference in Sarajevo: Judith Lerner , a journalist from Tel Aviv, and Olga Brodsky , a French-speaking Jew of Russian descent. Judith interviews the poet Mahmoud Darwish  at the conference, and surveys the city, visiting the Mostar bridge, where she reads Emmanuel Levinas . Olga makes a digital-video film of the conference, is visited by her uncle Ramos Garcia , who is translating for the conference, and attends a lecture on film by Godard . The Spanish writer Juan Goytisolo also appears as himself. The third segment, a brief postlude, shows Olga walking contemplatively through a quiet lakeside setting which appears to be guarded by American soldiers.'] ['The film does not tell a story so much as a present an essay-like study of Godard\'s view of contemporary life; Godard wrote that "I wanted to include everything: sports, politics, even groceries. Everything should be put in a film". Godard himself narrates the film in a whispered voice-over that discusses his fears to the audience about the contemporary world, including the Vietnam War. The film often cuts to various still shots of bright consumer products and ongoing construction. Like many of the director\'s works, the film does not follow the narrative arc of conventional cinema, with an introduction, conflict and resolution. Instead, it presents 24 hours in the sophisticated but empty life of Juliette Janson , a seemingly bourgeois married mother, part of whose life involves prostitution. Juliette begins her day dropping off her screaming child to a man who has a flourishing business doing childcare for call girls. Her generally uneventful daily routine of shopping, housework and child-rearing is interspersed with assignations with clients. All of the film\'s sexual interplay is banal instead of erotic, and one client, an American wearing a shirt with his country\'s flag, demands the women he has hired wear airline shopping bags over their heads. Though there was a script, there are many moments in which the cast breaks the fourth wall, looking into the camera and giving seemingly random monologues about what they think about life and themselves. Vlady and other actors wore earpieces through which the director would ask surprise questions, often putting Vlady off guard, as she was required to give spontaneous answers that were appropriate to her character.Adrian Martin, commentary track on the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.'] ['According to Reggio, the film has no screenplay per se, but three movements (like [[movement  with different themes:Rotten Tomatoes website: Reviews and long article on Naqoyqatsi, with input and quotations from Godfrey Reggio and Philip Glass: # Numerica.com: Language and place gives way to numerical code and virtual reality. # Circus maximus: Competition, winning, records, fame, “fair play” and the love of money are elevated to the prime values of life. Life becomes a game. # Rocketship twentieth century: A world that language can no longer describe. The resulting explosive tempo of technology is war, civilized violence.'] ['In the beginning chapter, "Serra Pelada", men from Serra Pelada  are seen carrying bags of dirt up to a destination. In the middle of the chapter, various shots outside of Serra Pelada are shown. Near the end of the chapter, a few men are carrying another man who was struck by a falling rock  uphill along a procession of workers who are carrying dirt filled sacks. After that, several discordant layered exposures of the dirt carriers are shown. The scene cross fades to show the image of a head, with multiple exposures of the same head rapidly rotating and layered upon to give a manifold appearance. This is an apparent allusion to Janus, the god of beginnings, endings and transitions, keeping with the film\'s central themes of progress and change. After that, the film\'s title is shown in red.  In Anthem: Part 1, the sun rises up above an African village. Later, a man raises a sail for a boat. The next chapter, That Place, starts zooming out from a waterfall. Children can be heard laughing. Villages are shown as well as children and upside down water reflections. Anthem: Part 2 has various shots of villages and islands shown. Mosque and Temple shows various natural shots as well as religious scenes. Some of these scenes are a transparent inside a church with someone walking by, a black man praying, a monk sitting while a bird flies off his stick, the same monk walking by the river, a bird flying by a sunset, more children , crows flying above a river, two men rowing their boat in that river, a woman praying in the Ganges River, two men doing yoga, another monk, and a temple in Nepal.'] ['Several narratives are woven together throughout the film, including those of de Hory, Irving, Welles, Howard Hughes and Kodar. About de Hory, we learn that he was a struggling artist who turned to forgery out of desperation, only to see the greater share of the profits from his deceptions go to doubly unscrupulous art dealers. As partial compensation for that injustice, he is maintained in a villa in Ibiza by one of his dealers. What is only hinted at in Welles\'s documentary is that de Hory had recently served a two-month sentence in a Spanish prison for homosexuality and consorting with criminals.  Irving\'s original part in F for Fake was as de Hory\'s biographer, but his part grew unexpectedly at some point during production. There has not always been agreement among commentators over just how that production unfolded, but the now-accepted story{{cite web}} is that the director François Reichenbach shot a documentary about de Hory and Irving before giving his footage to Welles, who then shot additional footage with Reichenbach as his cinematographer. In the time between the shooting of Reichenbach\'s documentary and the finishing of Welles\', it became known that Irving had perpetrated a hoax of his own, namely a fabricated "authorized biography" of Howard Hughes . This discovery prompted the shooting of still more footage, which then got woven into F for Fake. Blurring the lines even more, there are several pieces of footage in the film showing Welles at a party with De Hory, and, at one point, De Hory even signs a painting with a forgery of Welles\' signature. Some of Hughes\' career is outlined in the form of a parody of the "News on the March" sequence in Citizen Kane. Exactly one hour before narrating Kodar\'s story, Welles promises that everything in the next hour of his film will be true. Exactly one hour later, the film tells a story where Kodar sits for a series of nudes for Pablo Picasso after getting him to agree to give her the finished portraits, and then selling not those very portraits but fake Picassos in their place. The story climaxes with Welles and Kodar re-enacting a tense exchange between Picasso and Kodar\'s grandfather, the alleged forger of the paintings, before Welles reminds the viewer that he only promised to tell the truth for an hour and that "for the last 17 minutes, I\'ve been lying my head off." In the commentary to the Criterion Collection DVD release of F for Fake, Kodar claims the idea for this segment as her own. She also claims credit for the movie\'s opening sequence, which consists of shots of a miniskirt-clad Kodar walking down streets while rubbernecking male admirers  stop and openly stare. This sequence is described by Kodar as inspired by her feminism.'] ['An unnamed narrator wanders through the Winter Palace  in Saint Petersburg. The narrator implies that he has died in some horrible accident and is a ghost drifting through the palace. In each room, he encounters various real and fictional people from various time periods in the city\'s three-hundred-year history. He is accompanied by "the European", who represents the nineteenth-century French traveller, the Marquis de Custine. Russian Ark uses the fourth wall device extensively, but repeatedly broken and re-erected; at times the narrator-director and the companion interact freely with the other performers; at other times, they go completely unnoticed. On a winter\'s day, a small party of men and women arrive by horse-drawn carriage to a minor, side entrance of the Winter Palace. The narrator (whose [[Perspective  meets another spectral but visible outsider, "the European", and follows him through numerous rooms of the Palace. Each room manifests a different period of Russian history; however the periods are not in chronological order. Featured are Peter the Great harassing one of his generals; a spectacular presentation of operas and plays in the era of Catherine the Great; a formal court proceeding in which Tsar Nicholas I is offered a formal apology by the Shah of Iran for the death of Alexander Griboedov, an ambassador; the idyllic family life of Tsar Nicholas II\'s children; the formal changing of the Palace Guard; the museum\'s director whispering the need to make repairs during the rule of Joseph Stalin and a desperate Leningrader making his own coffin during the 900-day siege of the city during World War II. A grand ball follows, featuring music by Mikhail Glinka, with many hundreds of participants in spectacular period costume, and a full orchestra conducted by Valery Gergiev, then a long final exit with a crowd down the Grand Staircase of the palace. The narrator then leaves the building through a side exit and sees an endless ocean, but does not look back or see the building, which can be interpreted as an ark preserving Russian culture as it floats in the sea of time.'] ['Just after the fall of the Berlin Wall, Lemmy Caution roams around the city aimlessly. The film is part narrative and part documentary essay picture about German history and politics.'] ["The first image in the film is of a pictogram. The section shown depicts several tall darkly-shadowed figures standing near a taller figure adorned with a crown. The next image is a close-up of a rocket during liftoff. The film fades into a shot of a desolate desert landscape. From there, it progresses to footage of various natural environmental phenomena such as waves and clouds. The film's introduction to human involvement in the environment is a low aerial shot of choppy water, cutting to a similar shot of rows of cultivated flowers. After aerial views of monumental rock formations partly drowned by a lake, we see a large mining truck causing billows of black dust. This is followed by shots of power lines in the desert. Man's continued involvement in the environment is depicted through images of mining operations, oil fields, a power plant, a dam, and atomic bomb detonations in a desert. Following the atomic bomb detonations, the next sequence begins with a shot of sunbathers on a beach, then pans to a power plant in the background. Shots of traffic patterns are seen during rush hour on a freeway and a shot of a large parking lot. This is followed with stock footage of Soviet tanks lined up in rows and a military aircraft, and an aircraft carrier. Time-lapse photography of shadows of clouds are seen moving across the skyscrapers. Shots of various housing projects in disrepair, and includes footage of the decay and demolition of a housing project. The sequence ends with footage of the destruction of large buildings. A time-lapse shot of a crowd of people who appear to be waiting in a line. This is followed by shots of people walking along streets in slow motion. The next sequence begins with shots of buildings and a shot of a sunset reflected in the glass of a skyscraper. The sequence uses time-lapse photography of the activity of modern life. The events captured in this sequence involve people interacting with modern technology. The first shots are traffic patterns as seen from skyscrapers at night. This is followed by a shot of the moon passing behind a skyscraper. The next shots are closer shots of cars on a highway. The sun rises over the city and we see people hurrying to work. The film shows at regular speed the operation of machines packaging food. People are shown sorting mail, sewing jeans, manufacturing televisions and doing other jobs with the use of modern technology. A shot of hot dogs being sent down rows of conveyors is followed by a shot of people moving up escalators. The frenetic speed and pace of the cuts and background music do not slow as shots of modern leisure are shown. People eat, play, shop and work at the same speed. The sequence begins to come full circle as the manufacturing of automobiles in an assembly line factory is shown. More shots of highway traffic are shown, this time in daylight. The film shows the movement of cars, shopping carts, and televisions on an assembly line, and elevators moving from first person perspective. The film then shows clips from various television shows being channel surfed in fast motion. The film, in slow motion, then shows several people reacting to being candidly filmed on the street. The camera stays on them until the moment when they acknowledge its presence by looking directly at it. The sequence then shows cars moving much faster than they were moving before. Pictures of microchips and satellite photography of metropolitan cities are shown, making a comparison between their layouts. Various shots of people are seen from all walks of modern life, from beggars to debutantes. The final sequence shows footage of a Saturn V rocket lifting off, followed by footage of the May 1962 explosion of an Atlas-Centaur rocket. Here, the camera follows a flaming rocket engine and a white vapor trail or smoke against a blue sky as the rocket plummets toward the ground. The film ends with another shot of the pictogram."] 