['Fed up with being continuously bullied by his elder brother, Krishna sets fire to his brother\'s motor-bike, which lands him in big trouble with his mother. She takes him to the nearby Apollo Circus and tells him that he can only come home when he earns 500 rupees to pay for the damaged bike. Krishna agrees and finds a job with the circus, but one day his boss asks him to run an errand and when Krishna returns, he finds that the circus has packed up and left. Alone and with nowhere to turn, and unable to find the money to repay his mother, he decides to travel to the nearest big city - Mumbai . As soon as he arrives, he is robbed of all his meager possessions. He follows the thieves and befriends them, and ends up in the city\'s notorious red-light area of Falkland Road, near the Grant Road Railway Station. One of the thieves, Chillum, also a drug pusher and addict, helps Krishna get a job at the "Grant Road Tea Stall." Krishna gets a new name, "Chaipau," and learns to live with it. His goal is to get the money he needs to return home to his mother, but he soon finds out that saving money in his surroundings with the people near him is next to impossible. To make matters worse, he has a crush on a young prostitute named Sola Saal. He sets fire to her room and attempts to escape with her, but the two are caught. This gets Krishna a severe beating, and he loses his job. He works odd jobs to feed himself and look after Chillum, who can\'t live without his drugs. To get more money, Krishna and his pals rob an elderly Parsi man by breaking into his house in broad daylight. One night while returning home, the boys are apprehended by the police and taken to a juvenile home. Eventually, Krishna escapes and goes back to his world of drug-pushers, pimps and prostitutes, still nurturing his dream of one day returning to his mother.'] ['The film opens near the fictional town of Lahood, California, in the 1880s , where a group of struggling miners and their families are panning for gold. However, thugs sent by rival big-time miner Coy Lahood arrive and shoot up the camp, destroying tents and huts as well. Megan Wheeler, a 15-year old girl there, is horrified when the thugs shoot her dog. The thugs leave the camp torn up and nearly destroyed. Megan buries her dog out in the woods, and prays to God for help. After she prays, we see a stranger heading to the town on horseback. Megan\'s mother, Sarah, is keeping company with Hull Barret, the leader of the miners. Hull heads off into town to pick up supplies, but the same thugs start to beat him up. The stranger arrives and swiftly beats up all of the thugs single handedly with a mattock handle. Hull thanks the stranger and invites him to his house, and the stranger reluctantly agrees. Sarah is skeptical of the stranger and is concerned the trouble it may bring. Her mind and that of the daughter are quickly assured when the pale rider appears wearing a preacher\' outfit and is shown to be unarmed, and therefore gets the name of Preacher. The Preacher helps the miners pan for gold and peacefully keeps the thugs from returning to the camp. The Preacher eventually meets Coy LaHood\'s son Josh who attempts to scare the Preacher by a show of strength from his strongest work hand, Club, who smashes a large rock with one blow of a hammer that the Preacher and Hull had been laboring over. When Club attempts to harm the Preacher, the Preacher disarms him, hits him in the face and delivers a hammer blow to Club\'s groin. After helping Club back onto his horse, the Preacher sends Josh and Club on their way. Coy LaHood finds out about the Preacher through his son and instead of killing the preacher, out of fear of making him a martyr among the pan handlers, decides to try to bribe him with money and a church in hopes he will leave the camp, but the Preacher refuses. The Preacher asks if LaHood would be willing to buy the miners out and gets a final offer of $1,000 per claim. If the miners don\'t leave within 24 hours, LaHood will hire a corrupt Marshal named Stockburn to clear them out. The miners initially want to take the offer, and ask the Preacher for his advice. He offers little, but Hull reminds them why they came, and what they have sacrificed. The miners decide to stay and fight. The next morning, however, the Preacher deserts the miners, leaving them scared and alone without any help. Megan, who has grown fond of the Preacher, also heads out looking for him, but Josh captures her and attempts to rape her. Club sees what is happening and disapproves, and so moves forward to help her before Josh can do anything serious. However, at this moment the Preacher arrives on horseback, armed with a Remington revolver, and shoots Josh in the hand. The Preacher takes Megan back to her mother in the mining camp. Stockburn arrives and he and his gang gun down one of the miners, Spider, who was drunkenly excoriating LaHood from the street. LaHood describes the Preacher to Stockburn, and Stockburn says that he sounds like someone that he once knew, but can\'t be, because that man is dead. The Preacher teams up with Hull and they go to LaHood\'s mining facility and blow it up with dynamite. In the chaos, Josh LaHood attempts to shoot the Preacher in the back but is stopped by Club out of respect for the Preacher. To stop Hull from following him into battle, the Preacher scared off Hull\'s horse. The Preacher headed alone into town where he kills all but two of Coy\'s thugs. Stockburn then sends his deputies after the Preacher, who shoots all of them one by one throughout town. The Preacher approaches Stockburn and only when he is a few feet away does Stockburn recognize him, crying "You! YOU!" Stockburn reaches for his gun, but the Preacher draws first and empties his gun into Stockburn. As a dying Stockburn tries to raise his gun, the Preacher retrieves backup pistol and finishes off Stockburn with a shot to the forehead. Coy Lahood, watching from a nearby store, aims a rifle at the Preacher, but Hull comes in the back door and kills Coy. The Preacher rides his horse out of a barn. He looks at Hull, who is surveying the remains of the battle and mutters to him, "Long walk." Hull responds with a simple, "Yep." The Preacher smirks and rides off into the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Megan gets to the town, but the Preacher has already left. As he rides off into the mountains, Megan cries out to him from the town shouting her thanks and words of love.'] ['Alvin Straight has not shown up to his regular bar meeting with his friends. He is eventually found lying on his floor at home, although he insists that he "just needs a bit of help getting up". His daughter Rose takes her reluctant father to see a doctor, who sternly admonishes Alvin to give up alcohol and tobacco. He also tells Alvin that he should start using a walker. Alvin refuses, and does not tell Rose. Alvin then learns that his brother Lyle has suffered a stroke. Longing to visit him, but unable to drive, Alvin gradually develops a plan to travel to Mount Zion on his "ancient" riding lawn-mower and towing a small homemade travel-trailer, to the consternation of his family and friends. Alvin\'s first attempt fails: after experiencing difficulty starting the old mower\'s motor, he doesn\'t get far before the machine finally breathes its last, and he is forced to flag down a passing bus. Alvin arranges for his mower to be transported back home on a flatbed truck , where he takes out his frustrations on the mower by blowing up its motor and gas tank with a well-aimed shotgun blast. At the John Deere store, he purchases a newer replacement lawn tractor from a salesman  who is generous but describes Alvin as being reputed a smart man, \'until now. \' Alvin continues on his quest. He passes a young female hitchhiker who later approaches his campfire and says that she could not get a ride. In conversation, Alvin astutely deduces that she is pregnant  and has run away from home. He reveals more information about his daughter: one night somebody was watching Rose\'s children and there was a fire and one of her sons got badly burned; the state then decided that Rose was not competent to look after her children and took them away from her. Alvin tells the hitchhiker about the importance of family by describing a bundle of sticks that is hard to break . The next day Alvin emerges from the trailer to find that his hitchhiker friend has left him a bundle of sticks tied together, implying that she plans to return home to her own family. He continues with his journey. Alvin enjoys watching a rainstorm from the shelter of an abandoned farmhouse. The next scene shows Alvin as a huge group of RAGBRAI cyclists race past him. He later arrives at the cyclists\' camp and he is greeted with applause. He speaks with them about growing old. When he is asked about the worst part of being old, he replies \'remembering when you was young. \' The next day, Alvin is troubled by the massive trucks passing him. He then interacts with a distraught woman who has hit a deer, and is being driven to distraction by the fact that she continually hits deer while commuting, no matter how hard she tries to avoid them. She drives away in a tearful huff, and Alvin, who had started to run short of food, cooks and eats the deer, then mounts the antlers above the rear doorway of his trailer as a tribute to the deer and the human sustenance it had provided. In the next scene, Alvin\'s brakes fail as he travels down a steep hill; he struggles to maintain control of the speeding tractor and finally manages to bring the vehicle to a complete stop. Some townspeople help get Alvin\'s mower and trailer off the road. They later discover that the mower also has transmission problems. Now beginning to run low on cash, Alvin borrows a cordless phone from a homeowner - gently but resolutely refusing an invitation to come indoors - and calls Rose to ask her to send him his Social Security check. He then leaves money on the doorstep to pay for his long-distance telephone call. A local motorist offers Alvin a ride the rest of the way to Lyle\'s, but Alvin declines, stating that he prefers to travel his own way. An elderly war veteran takes him into town for a drink, and Alvin tells a story about how he is haunted by a memory of accidentally shooting one of his military comrades. Alvin\'s tractor is fixed and he is presented with an exorbitant bill by the mechanics, who are twins and are constantly bickering. Alvin successfully negotiates the price down, and explains his mission, which he calls \'a hard swallow to [my] pride\', but \'A brother is a brother. \' The mechanic twins seem to relate to this, realizing that they should make peace, also. Later, Alvin camps in a cemetery and chats with a priest. The priest recognizes Lyle\'s name and is aware of his stroke. The priest says that Lyle did not mention that he had a brother. Alvin replies that \'neither one of us has had a brother for quite some time.\' Alvin wants to make peace with Lyle and is emphatic that whatever happened ten years ago does not matter anymore. "I say, \'Amen\' to that, Brother" the priest replies. The next obstacle that Alvin must overcome is apparent engine trouble, just a few miles from Lyle\'s house. Alvin stops in the middle of the road, unsure of how to proceed. A large farm tractor driving by then stops to help, but fortunately this time the problem was evidently just a few drops of bad gas, because the lawn-tractor\'s engine sputters to life again after sitting for a few minutes. The gracious farmer then leads the way on his own tractor, and drives along slowly ahead of Alvin during the final leg of his journey to make sure he gets there okay. Lyle\'s house is dilapidated. Using his two canes, Alvin makes his way to the door. He calls for his brother. At first Lyle does not appear and Alvin expresses relief when he does. The two brothers make contact, one with a walker and one with two canes. Lyle invites Alvin to sit down. Lyle looks at Alvin\'s mower-tractor contraption and asks if Alvin has ridden that thing just to see him. Lyle is moved. The two men sit and look at the stars, as they had done as children.'] ['Disillusioned knight Antonius Block  and his squire Jöns  return after fighting in the Crusades and find Denmark being ravaged by the plague. On the beach immediately after their arrival, Block encounters Death , personified as a pale, black-cowled figure resembling a monk. Block, in the middle of a chess game he has been playing alone, challenges Death to a chess match, believing that he can forestall his demise as long as the game continues. Death agrees, and they start a new game. The other characters in the story do not see Death, and when the chess board comes out at various times in the story, they believe Block is continuing his habit of playing alone.  Block and Jöns head for Block\'s castle. Along the way, they pass some actors, Jof and his wife Mia, with their baby son, Mikael, and their actor-manager, Skat. Jof has visions, but Mia is skeptical. The knight and the squire enter a church where a fresco of the Dance of Death is being painted. Jöns draws a small figure representing himself. "This is squire Jöns. He grins at Death; his world is a Jöns-world, believable only to himself, ridiculous to all including himself, meaningless to Heaven and of no interest to Hell."{{cite book| title Ingmar Bergman | publisher 1960 | pages "Bergman, 1960 p. 147">Bergman, 1960 p. 147. After giving away his strategy in the chess game, Block discovers that his listener is Death. Leaving the church, Block speaks with a young woman who has been condemned to be burnt alive for supposedly consorting with the Devil. Shortly thereafter, Jöns searches an abandoned village for water. He saves a servant girl  from being raped by a man robbing a corpse. He recognises the man as Raval, a theologian, who ten years ago had convinced Antonius to leave his wife and join a crusade to the Holy Land. Jöns promises to brand Raval on the face if they meet again. The girl joins Jöns. The trio ride into town, where the little acting troupe is performing. Skat introduces Jof and Mia to the crowd, then is enticed by Lisa, the blacksmith\'s wife, away for a tryst. They run off together. Jof and Mia\'s performance is interrupted by the arrival of a procession of flagellants. At a public house, Jof comes across Raval. Raval forces Jof to dance on the tables like a bear. Jöns appears and, true to his word, slices Raval\'s face.Bergman, 1960 p. 164-165 Block enjoys a country picnic of milk and wild strawberries gathered by Mia. Block says: "I\'ll carry this memory between my hands as if it were bowl filled to the brim with fresh milk...And it will be an adequate sign – it will be enough for me."Bergman, 1960 p. 195. Meanwhile, the little family sits out a storm, which Jof interprets to be "the Angel of Death and he\'s very big." The next morning, Jof, with his second sight, sees the knight and his followers being led away over the hills in a solemn dance of death. "They bear away from their light, while their strict lord Death bids them to dance... and the rain washes, and cleanses the salt of their tears from their cheeks."Bergman, 1960 p. 197 Mia chides him. "You with your visions and dreams."'] ['The film begins with a voiceover describing the trench warfare situation of World War I up to 1916; immediately following this is a scene in which General George Broulard , a member of the French General Staff, asks his subordinate, the ambitious General Mireau , to send his division on a suicide mission to take a well-defended German position called the "Anthill". Mireau initially refuses the commission, citing the impossibility of success and the danger to his beloved soldiers, but when Broulard mentions a potential promotion, Mireau quickly convinces himself the attack will succeed. Mireau proceeds to walk through the trenches, addressing his men. He asks several soldiers, "Ready to kill more Germans?" He throws one soldier out of the regiment for showing signs of shell shock, which Mireau denies exists, blaming the soldier\'s behavior on cowardice. Mireau leaves the detailed planning of the attack to the 701\'s Régiment Colonel Dax , despite Dax\'s protests that the only result of the attack will be to weaken the French Army with heavy losses for no benefit. Mireau does not relent. During a nighttime scouting mission prior to the attack, a drunken lieutenant named Roget ([[Wayne Morris  sends one of his two men ahead as a scout. Overcome by fear while waiting for the scout\'s return, he lobs a grenade and retreats. The other soldier—Corporal Paris —finds the body of the scout, killed by the grenade. Having safely returned, he confronts Roget, but Roget denies any wrongdoing, and falsifies his report to Colonel Dax. The next morning, the attack on the German position proceeds, beginning with a first wave of soldiers, and with Dax leading, but ends in disaster; none of the men reach the German trenches, and one-third of the soldiers  refuse to leave the trench because of heavy enemy fire. Mireau, enraged, orders his own artillery to open fire on them to force them onto the battlefield. The artillery commander refuses to fire on his own men without written confirmation of the orders. Meanwhile, Dax returns to the trenches, and tries to rally B Company to join the battle, but as he climbs out of the trench, the body of a retreating French soldier knocks him down; it becomes obvious that the attack has failed. To deflect blame for the failure, Mireau decides to court martial 100 of the soldiers for cowardice. Broulard convinces him to reduce the number to three, one from each company. Corporal Paris is chosen because his commanding officer, Lt. Roget, wishes to keep him from testifying about his actions in the scouting mission. Private Ferol  is picked by his commanding officer because he is a "social undesirable." The last man, Private Arnaud , is chosen randomly by lot, despite having been cited for bravery twice previously. Dax, who was a criminal defense lawyer in civilian life, volunteers to defend the men at their court-martial. Unfortunately, the entire trial is a farce and can accurately be described as a "kangaroo court" i.e. the rights of the accused are repeatedly violated. For example, there is no specific and formal statement of the charges against them at the commencement of the trial, no verbatim stenographic record of the trial proceedings is being created, and compelling evidence which would support acquittal of the defendants is not permitted to be heard. In his closing statement, Dax challenges the court\'s authenticity, and requests mercy, saying, "Gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty would be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die." The three men are sentenced to death, nonetheless. Later, Dax, aware of the reason Roget picked Paris to be executed, appoints Roget to have charge of the executions. Horrified, Roget protests, but Dax dismisses him curtly from his quarters. Captain Rousseau , the artillery commander who had earlier refused Mireau\'s order to fire on his own men, arrives to tell Dax about the order. Dax then crashes a formal ball where he privately informs Broulard of Mireau\'s treachery, providing sworn statements by witnesses, but is brusquely dismissed. The next morning, the three condemned men are led out into a courtyard, among soldiers from all three companies and senior officers. Arnaud, injured during a desperate outburst in prison, is carried out on a stretcher and tied to the execution post. A sobbing Ferol is blindfolded. Paris is offered a blindfold by Roget, but refuses. Roget meekly apologizes to Paris for what he has done, eliciting an ambiguous response. All three men are then shot and killed by the firing squad. Following the execution, Broulard has breakfast with the gloating Mireau. Dax enters, invited by Broulard. Broulard then reveals that Mireau will be investigated for the order to fire on his own men. Mireau denies having made such an order and leaves angrily, declaring that he has been made a scapegoat. Broulard then offers Dax Mireau\'s command, claiming that Dax had been angling for the promotion all along. Dax turns down the promotion and responds angrily. Broulard ridicules Dax for being an idealist, saying he pities him as he would the village idiot; Broulard adds that he\'s done no wrong. Dax replies that he pities the general for his inability to see the wrongs he has done. After the execution, some of Dax\'s soldiers are loudly enjoying an entertainer, when the performer brings a young German woman on stage and makes her sing the German folk song "The Faithful Hussar". The hardened troops begin by howling and whistling, but, touched by her song, they end up humming along, some openly weeping. Dax overhears this scene from outside. A sergeant appears with word that the regiment has been ordered to return to the front line trenches immediately, but Dax tells him to give the men a few minutes more. His face hardens as he returns to his quarters.'] ['Truman Burbank  lived his entire life, since before birth, in front of cameras for The Truman Show, although he is unaware of this fact. Truman\'s life is filmed through thousands of hidden cameras, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and broadcast live around the world, allowing executive producer Christof  to capture Truman\'s real emotion and human behavior when put in certain situations. Truman\'s hometown of Seahaven is a complete set built under a giant arcological dome, populated by the show\'s actors and crew, allowing Christof to control every aspect of Truman\'s life, even the weather. To prevent Truman from discovering his false reality, Christof has invented means of dissuading his sense of exploration, including "killing" his father in a storm while on a fishing trip to instill in him a fear of the water, and making many news reports and \'adverts\' about the dangers of travelling, and featuring television shows about how good it is to stay at home. However, despite Christof\'s control, Truman has managed to behave in unexpected manners, in particular falling in love with an extra, Sylvia , instead of Meryl, the character intended to be his wife. Though Sylvia is removed from the set quickly, her memory still resonates with him, and he \'secretly\' thinks of her outside of his marriage to Meryl. Sylvia shortly afterwards becomes part of a "Free Truman" campaign that fights to have Truman freed from the show. During the 30th year of "The Truman Show", Truman begins to notice certain aspects of his near-perfect world that seem out of place, such as a falling spotlight from the artificial night sky constellations that nearly hits him  and Truman\'s car radio accidentally picking up conversation between the show\'s crew. As well as these strange one-off occurrences, Truman also becomes aware of more subtle abnormalities within his regular day-to-day life, such as the way in which the same people appear in the same places at certain times each day and Meryl\'s tendency to blatantly advertise the various products she buys. These events are punctuated by the reappearance of Truman\'s supposedly "dead" father onto the set, at first dressed as a hobo. The old man is suddenly whisked away as soon as Truman notices him. Despite the best efforts of his family and his best friend Marlon to reassure him , all these events cause Truman to start wondering about his life, realizing how the world seems to revolve around him. Meryl grows increasingly stressed by the pressure of perpetuating the deception, and their marriage unravels in the face of Truman\'s increasing skepticism and attendant hostility towards her. Truman seeks to get away from Seahaven but is blocked by the inability to arrange for flights, bus breakdowns, sudden masses of traffic, a forest fire, and an apparent nuclear meltdown. After Meryl breaks down and is taken off the show, Christof officially brings back Truman\'s father, hoping his presence will keep Truman from trying to leave. However, he only provides a temporary respite: Truman soon becomes isolated and begins staying alone in his basement after Meryl "leaves" him. One night, Truman manages to fool the cameras and escapes the basement undetected via a secret tunnel, forcing Christof to temporarily suspend broadcasting of the show for the first time in its history. This causes a surge in viewership, with many viewers, including Sylvia, cheering on Truman\'s escape attempt. Christof orders every actor and crew member to search the town, even breaking the town\'s daylight cycle to help in the search. They find that Truman has managed to overcome his fear of the water and has been sailing away from the town in a small boat named Santa Maria . After restoring the broadcast, Christof orders the show\'s crew to create a large storm to try to capsize the boat, prompting a heated debate with his superiors over the morality and legality of killing Truman off in front of a live global audience. However, Truman\'s determination eventually leads Christof to terminate the storm. As Truman recovers, the boat reaches the edge of the dome, its bow piercing through the dome\'s painted sky. An awe-struck Truman then discovers a flight of stairs nearby, leading to a door marked "EXIT". As he contemplates leaving his world, Christof speaks directly to Truman via a powerful sound system, trying to persuade him to stay and arguing that there is no more truth in the real world than there is in his own, artificial world. Truman, after a moment\'s thought, delivers his catchphrase, "In case I don\'t see you... good afternoon, good evening, and good night," bows to his audience, and steps through the door and into the real world. The assembled television viewers excitedly celebrate Truman\'s escape, and Sylvia quickly leaves her apartment to reunite with him. A network executive orders the crew to cease transmission. With the show completed, members of Truman\'s former audience are shown looking for something else to watch.'] ["The Valet  enters a hotel room with Joseph Garcin  in tow. The windowless room has a single entrance and no mirrors. Two women, Inès Serrano  and Estelle Rigault , are then led in; afterwards, the Valet leaves and locks the door. Realizing that they are in hell, the trio expects to be tortured; however, no torturer is forthcoming. While waiting, they strike up a conversation and discuss each other's sins, desires, and unpleasant memories; they slowly realized that such probing is the form of torture they are meant to receive. It later becomes apparent that Joseph, once a journalist, was executed for cowardice and the betrayal of the French Resistance. Estelle, who has a voracious sexual appetite, was a gold digger and seductress who killed a man. Meanwhile, the lesbian Inès abused her partner's love for her and eventually killed them both in a murder-suicide. As the story progresses, Garcin becomes increasingly annoyed by Inès' considering him a coward, while Estelle makes unreciprocated advances on him; Inès is tempted by Estelle, but crazed by Estelle's heterosexuality. The three at first continue to see events happening on Earth, but eventually, as the living move on, they are left with only their own thoughts and the company of the other two. Towards the end of the film, Garcin demands he be let out; in response, the door opens. However, none leave. They resign themselves to their fate."] ['In 1560, a thousand Spanish conquistadors, and a score of captured Indians, march down from Quito in the Andes mountains into the jungle below. Under the command of Gonzalo Pizarro , the party\'s mission is to find El Dorado. The men, clad in half armor, pull cannons through narrow mountainous paths and hot, thickly humid jungle. After much difficulty, on New Year\'s Eve, Pizarro orders a small expeditionary group of forty men to continue ahead by rafting down a river in search of El Dorado. If they do not return to the main party within one week with news of what lies beyond, they will be considered lost. Pizarro chooses Don Pedro de Ursúa  as the commander of the expedition, Don Lope de Aguirre  as his second-in-command, fat nobleman Don Fernando de Guzmán  representing The Royal House of Spain and brother Gaspar de Carvajal  as a chronicler. Also accompanying the expedition, against Pizarro\'s better judgment, are Ursúa\'s mistress, Doña Inéz  and Aguirre\'s young daughter, Florés . One of the four rafts becomes separated from the others and gets caught in a whirlpool. A rescue team is unable to approach the raft until the following day, when all men on the raft are found to have been killed by unknown attackers. Ursúa wants the bodies to be brought back to camp for proper burial. Knowing this would slow down the expedition, Aguirre orders Perucho  to fire a cannon at the raft, which sinks, and the corpses are lost in the river. During the night, the remaining rafts are swept away by the rising river. Since supplies start to run out and things get progressively worse, Ursúa decides that their mission is hopeless and orders them to return to the main group. Wanting power, Aguirre takes the opportunity to lead a rebellion against Ursúa, telling the men that untold riches await them ahead. Ursúa and a soldier loyal to him are shot. Ursúa\'s mistress, Inéz , cares for them. Aguirre coerces the soldiers to "elect" the fat, lazy Don Fernando de Guzman as the new leader of the expedition. Aguirre proclaims Guzman Emperor in the New World, “dethroning” Philip II. A farcical trial of Ursúa results in his being sentenced to death, but Guzman surprises Aguirre by refusing to allow this to happen. Instead, Guzman grants Ursúa clemency. Aguirre proves to be an oppressive leader, so terrifying that few protest his leadership. Those who complain are killed. Only Inez has the courage to speak out against him. Knowing that some of the soldiers are still loyal to Ursúa, Aguirre simply ignores her. The expedition continues on a single, newly built, large raft. An Indian couple approaching with a canoe is captured by the explorers, but when the man expresses confusion at the sight of a Bible, Brother Gaspar de Carvajal  has the man and his wife killed for blasphemy. Guzman dines on the low food supplies while the men are starving, and has the expedition\'s only horse pushed off the raft because it annoys him. Soon after, he is found strangled near the raft\'s outhouse. After Guzman\'s death, Aguirre proclaims himself leader. Ursúa is then taken ashore and hanged in the jungle. The group attacks an Indian village, where many of the soldiers are killed by spears. The distraught Inez walks into the jungle and disappears. Aguirre is now the ruler of a group of slowly starving, hallucinating men. The group gapes in awe at a wooden ship perched in the highest branches of one of the tall trees. In a final Indian attack, all remaining survivors including Aguirre’s daughter are killed by arrows. Aguirre remains alone on the slowly circling raft. The raft becomes overrun by monkeys. The crazed Aguirre tells them: "I, the Wrath of God, will marry my own daughter and with her I will found the purest dynasty the world has ever seen. Together, we shall rule this entire continent. We shall endure. I am the Wrath of God!"'] ['A gang of marauding bandits approaches a mountain farming village, but their chief recognizes they have ransacked this village before, and decides it is best to spare it until the harvest in several months. A villager overhears this. The farmers go to their elder, who declares that they should hire samurai to help defend the village. Since they have nothing to offer but food, the elder tells them to "find hungry samurai." Several men go to the city, but are turned away by every samurai they ask. They watch as an experienced samurai, Kambei, deftly rescues a young boy taken hostage by a thief. Impressed, a young samurai named Katsushirō asks to become his disciple. Kambei insists that he walk with him as a friend. The farmers are overjoyed when Kambei agrees to help them. With Katsushirō\'s assistance, he recruits four more masterless samurai: Gorobei Katayama, clever and good natured; Heihachi, a good-humored samurai with mediocre swordsmanship; Shichirōji, an old friend of Kambei\'s; and Kyūzō, a taciturn master swordsman. Although Kambei had judged that seven samurai would be necessary, time is running short. The villagers beg him to take Katsushirō and, after some prodding, he agrees. The clownish Kikuchiyo, whom Kambei had rejected, follows them, ignoring their attempts to drive him away. When the samurai arrive, the villagers cower in their homes. The samurai feel insulted by their cold reception. Suddenly, the alarm is raised; the villagers, fearing that the bandits have returned, beg the new arrivals to protect them. Kikuchiyo, who raised the false alarm, rebukes the villagers for their poor behavior. The samurai accept him, bringing their number to seven. The villagers offer white rice to the samurai, the best they have, while they eat millet. As they prepare, the two groups slowly come to trust each other. However, when the samurai discover that the villagers have murdered and robbed fleeing samurai in the past, they become angry. Kikuchiyo castigates his comrades for ignoring the hardships that the farmers have to overcome to survive, including harassment from the warrior class. This reveals his origins as a farmer\'s son to Kambei. The anger the samurai felt turns to shame. They construct fortifications and train the farmers for battle. Katsushirō, the youngest samurai, begins a relationship with Shino, who had been forced to masquerade as a boy by her father to protect her from the supposedly lustful samurai. As the time for the raid approaches, two bandit scouts are killed, while another is captured and forced to reveal the location of their camp. Three of the samurai, guided by Rikichi, strike preemptively. Many bandits are killed, but Heihachi is slain by gunfire. When a woman emerges from the bandits\' burning house, she sees Rikichi and runs back inside to perish in the flames. Rikichi reveals that this was his wife, who had been kidnapped and defiled. When the bandits attack, they are confounded by the new fortifications. Several are killed attempting to scale the barricades or cross the moats. However, they possess three dangerous muskets. Kyūzō sets out on his own and returns with a musket. A jealous Kikuchiyo later abandons his post to get another musket, leaving his contingent of farmers leaderless. Although he succeeds, the bandits attack his post, overwhelming and killing some of the farmers. Kambei is forced to send reinforcements, leaving the main post undermanned when the bandit chief leads a charge against this position. Although they are repelled, Gorobei is shot and killed. Yohei is also slain. Kambei\'s stratagem is to allow one bandit to enter through a gap in the fortifications, block the rest with a "wall" of spears, and kill the lone enemy. This succeeds several times. On the second night, Kambei instructs them to prepare for a final, decisive battle. When morning breaks, Kambei orders his forces to allow the remaining bandits in. Most of the attackers are killed, but their leader takes refuge in a hut unseen. In what is portrayed as a dishonorable act, he shoots Kyūzō from the hut, killing him. A despondent Katsushirō seeks to avenge his hero, but an enraged Kikuchiyo charges ahead of him, only to be shot himself. Kikuchiyo kills the bandit chief before dying. Kambei and Shichirōji sadly observe "we\'ve survived once again". Afterward, the three surviving samurai watch the villagers happily planting the next crop. They reflect on the relationship between the warrior and farming classes: though they have won the battle, they have lost their friends with little to show for it. "Again we are defeated," Kambei muses. "The winners are those farmers. Not us."'] ["When the film opens, U.S. Army Private Witt , is AWOL from his unit and living with the easy-going and seemingly carefree Melanesian natives in the South Pacific. He is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company First Sergeant, Welsh . In Welsh's conversation with Witt, it is clear that the private is unenthusiastic about serving in the army. The men of C Company, 25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. As they wait in the holds of a Navy transport, they contemplate their lives and the impending invasion. On deck, battalion commander Lieutenant Colonel Tall  talks with his commanding officer, Brigadier General Quintard , about the invasion and its importance. Tall's voice-over reveals that he has been passed over for promotion and this battle may be his last chance to command a victorious operation. C Company lands on Guadalcanal unopposed and marches to the interior of the island, encountering natives and evidence of the Japanese presence and tactics: the mutilated corpses of intercepted Marines and Rangers scouts. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position. The Japanese have placed a bunker housing several machine guns at the top of the hill, giving them full view of the valley below. Any force attempting to climb the hill can be easily cut down by machine-gun fire and mortar rounds. A brief shelling of the hill begins the next day at dawn. Shortly after, C Company attempts to take the hill and is repelled by gunfire from the bunker. Among the first killed in the battle is the leader of the attacking platoon, Second Lieutenant Whyte . During the battle, Colonel Tall orders the company commander, Captain Staros , to take the bunker by frontal assault, at whatever cost. Staros refuses, unwilling to treat his men as cannon fodder. When the two reach a stalemate, Tall decides to join Staros on the front line to see the situation for himself. By the time he arrives, the Japanese resistance seems to have lessened, and Tall's opinion of Staros seems to have been sealed. Meanwhile, during the battle, Private Witt, having been assigned punitively as a stretcher bearer, asks to rejoin the company, and is permitted to do so. A small detachment of men perform a reconnaissance mission on Tall's orders to determine the strength of the Japanese bunker. Private Bell  reports back that there are five machine guns in the bunker. He joins another small detachment of men, led by Captain Gaff , on a flanking mission to take the bunker. The operation is a success and C Company stands poised to overrun one of the last Japanese strongholds on the island. They are successful in this regard; the Japanese they find are largely malnourished and dying, and put up little resistance. For their efforts the men are given a week's leave, although not all of them are able to enjoy it fully. The airfield where they are based comes under Japanese artillery bombardment; Bell, who longs to return to his wife, receives a letter from her, informing him that she has fallen in love with someone else and wishes to divorce; much to his surprise, Captain Staros is relieved of his command by Colonel Tall, who deems him too soft for the pressures of combat and suggests that he apply for reassignment and become a lawyer in the JAG in Washington; Witt comes across the Melanesians and notices that they have suddenly grown more distrustful of him and quarrel regularly with one another. The company is sent on patrol up a river but with the indecisive and inexperienced Lieutenant George Band  at its head. As Japanese artillery falls close to their positions, Band orders several men to scout upriver, with Witt volunteering to go along. They encounter an advancing Japanese column and are attacked. To buy time for Private Fife  to go back and inform the rest of the unit, Witt draws away the Japanese but is then encircled by one of their squads, who demand that he surrender. In a moment of bliss and internal calm, he raises his rifle and is gunned down. The company is able to retreat safely. In the final scene, C Company receives a new commander, Captain Bosche , and boards a waiting LCT, departing from the island."] ['Frenchmen Mario and Jo, Dutch Bimba and Italian Luigi are stuck in the isolated South American town of Las Piedras. Surrounded by desert, the town\'s only link to the outside world is a small airport, but the airfare is beyond the means of the men. There is little opportunity for employment aside from the American corporation that dominates the town, Southern Oil Company , which operates the nearby oil fields and owns a walled compound within the town. SOC is suspected of unethical practices such as exploiting local workers and taking the law into its own hands, but the townspeople\'s dependence upon it is such that they suffer in silence. Mario is a sarcastic Corsican playboy, who treats his devoted lover, Linda, with disdain. Jo is an aging ex-gangster who just recently found himself stranded in the town. Bimba is an intense, quiet individual whose father was murdered by the Nazis, and who himself worked for three years in a salt mine. Luigi, Mario\'s roommate, is a jovial, hardworking individual, who has just learned that he is dying from cement dust in his lungs. Mario befriends Jo due to their common background of having lived in Paris, but a rift develops between Jo and the other cantina regulars because of his combative, arrogant personality. A massive fire erupts at one of the SOC oil fields. The only way to extinguish the flames and cap the well is an explosion caused by nitroglycerine. With short notice and lack of proper equipment, it must be transported within jerrycans placed in two large trucks from the SOC headquarters, 300 miles away. Due to the poor condition of the roads and the highly volatile nature of nitroglycerine, the job is considered too dangerous for the unionized SOC employees. The company foreman, Mr. O\' Brien, recruits truck drivers from the local community. Despite the dangers, many of the locals volunteer, lured by the high pay: US$2,000 per driver. This is a fortune to them, and the money is seen by some as the only way out of their dead-end lives. The pool of applicants is narrowed down to four handpicked drivers: Mario, Bimba and Luigi are chosen, along with a German named Smerloff. Smerloff fails to appear on the appointed day, so Jo, who knows O\' Brien from his bootlegging days, is substituted in his place. The other drivers suspect that Jo murdered Smerloff in order to facilitate his own hiring. Jo and Mario transport the nitroglycerin in one vehicle; Luigi and Bimba in the other, with thirty minutes separating them in order to limit potential casualties. The drivers are forced to deal with a series of physical and mental obstacles, including a stretch of extremely rough road called "the washboard", a construction barricade that forces them to teeter around a rotten platform above a precipice, and a boulder blocking the road. Jo finds that his nerves are not what they used to be, and the others confront Jo about his increasing cowardice. Finally, Luigi and Bimba\'s truck explodes without warning, killing them both. Mario and Jo arrive at the scene of the explosion only to find a large crater rapidly filling with oil from a pipeline ruptured in the blast. Jo exits the vehicle to help Mario navigate through the oil-filled crater. The truck, however, is in danger of becoming bogged down and during their frantic attempts to prevent it from getting stuck, Mario runs over Jo. Although the vehicle is ultimately freed from the muck, Jo is mortally wounded. On their arrival at the oil field, Mario and Jo are hailed as heroes, but Jo is dead and Mario collapses from exhaustion. Upon his recovery, Mario heads home in the same truck, now freed of its dangerous cargo. He collects double the wages following his friends\' deaths, and refuses the appointed chauffeur offered by SOC. Mario jubilantly drives down a mountain road, while a party at the cantina back in town where Mario\'s friends eagerly await his arrival. Mario swerves recklessly and intentionally, having cheated death so many times on the same road. He takes one corner too fast and plunges through the guardrail to his death. Linda, dancing in the cantina, appears to faint.'] ['The film, like the play, focuses on Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and their actions  within the play of Hamlet. The film begins as they travel on horseback to Elsinore, contemplating fate, memory and language. Rosencrantz finds and continually flips a coin which always comes up heads, causing Guildenstern to conclude that something is wrong with reality. They meet a travelling troupe of tragedians on the way, and during their conversation with the lead Player, they are mysteriously transported into the action of Hamlet at Elsinore. They wander around the castle, trying to catch up to the action and understand what is going on by listening to other parts of the play. They are asked by the Danish royal couple to stay awhile in order to help find out the cause of, and hopefully cure, Prince Hamlet\'s gloomy state. They spend their time outside the scenes in Hamlet trying to figure out what is wrong with the prince and what is required of them. The remainder of the play follows the Shakespearean drama whenever the two characters are "on stage," while the title heroes remain largely occupied with the futile hazards of daily life whenever the "main action" is elsewhere. Soon the very same theatre troupe arrives to play at court, as part of the Bard\'s tragedy. The Player simultaneously forbids them to stop watching their real play on the road, which cannot exist without an audience, and explains some of the plot and logic of conventional rules of plot-staging and -writing. Ultimately, they are sent to England and outside the action of the play again. The final part takes place on the ship to England, where they read the letter they are to deliver with Hamlet – discovering that it is an order for his death. They decide to pretend they never saw it. Hamlet replaces the letter, and  escapes on an attacking pirate ship. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern worry about what they are to do now that Hamlet is gone, unaware that Hamlet has altered the letter so that it calls for their death rather than his own. The Player finishes the action by reading the letter that sentences them to death, and both Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are hanged. The film ends with the tragedians packing up their cart and continuing on their way.'] ['Four international criminals on the run from the law hide out in a remote village in Nicaragua whose economy is dependent on a major oil company. An oil well over 200 miles away has caught fire and can be extinguished only with explosives. The criminals are given a chance to earn a great deal of money, no questions asked, by driving trucks carrying unstable dynamite to the blaze. Because they were improperly stored, the sticks are now "sweating" nitroglycerin and could detonate if subjected to shock or vibration. Driving in teams of two, they meet various hazards on their journey, including a dilapidated rope-suspension bridge swinging violently in a huge storm over a flood-swollen river, a massive tree blocking the road, and a number of desperate, dangerous bandits.'] ['The nameless narrator  is a traveling automobile company employee who suffers from insomnia. His doctor refuses to give him medication and advises him to visit a support group to witness more severe suffering. The narrator attends a support group for testicular cancer victims and, after fooling them into thinking that he is a fellow victim, finds an emotional release that relieves his insomnia. He becomes addicted to attending support groups and pretending to be a victim, but the presence of another impostor, Marla Singer , disturbs him, so he negotiates with her to avoid their meeting at the same groups. After a flight home from a business trip, the narrator finds his apartment destroyed by an explosion. He calls Tyler Durden , a soap salesman whom he befriended on the flight, and they meet at a bar. A conversation about consumerism leads to Tyler inviting the narrator to stay at his place; outside the bar he requests that the narrator hit him. The two engage in a fistfight, and the narrator subsequently moves into Tyler\'s dilapidated house. They have further fights outside the bar, and these attract a crowd of men. The fighting moves to the bar\'s basement where the men form a "fight club". Marla overdoses on pills and telephones the narrator for help; he ignores her, but Tyler answers the call and saves her. Tyler and Marla become sexually involved, and Tyler warns the narrator never to talk to Marla about him. More fight clubs form across the country, and under Tyler\'s leadership, they become the anti-materialist and anti-corporate organization called "Project Mayhem". The narrator complains to Tyler that he wants to be more involved in the organization, but Tyler suddenly disappears. When a member of Project Mayhem is killed by the police during a botched sabotage operation, the narrator tries to shut down the project, and follows evidence of Tyler\'s national travels to track him down. In one city, a Project member greets the narrator as Tyler Durden. The narrator calls Marla from his hotel room and discovers that Marla also believes him to be Tyler. He suddenly sees Tyler in his room, and Tyler explains that they are dissociated personalities in the same body. Tyler controls the narrator\'s body when the narrator is asleep. The narrator blacks out after the conversation. When he wakes, he discovers from his telephone log that Tyler made calls during his blackout. He uncovers Tyler\'s plans to erase debt by destroying buildings that contain credit card companies\' records. The narrator tries to contact the police but finds that the officers are members of the Project. He attempts to disarm explosives in a building, but Tyler subdues him and moves to a safe building to watch the destruction. The narrator, held by Tyler at gunpoint, realizes that in sharing the same body with Tyler, he himself is actually holding the gun. He fires it into his mouth, shooting through the cheek without killing himself. Tyler collapses with an exit wound to the back of his head, and the narrator stops mentally projecting him. Afterward, Project Mayhem members bring a kidnapped Marla to him, believing him to be Tyler, and leave them alone. The explosives detonate, collapsing the buildings, and the narrator and Marla watch the scene, holding hands.'] ['A backwards sequence is shown. It starts with the Polaroid photograph of a dead man. As the sequence plays backwards the photo reverts to its undeveloped state, entering the camera before the man is shot in the head. This is followed by interspersed black-and-white and color sequences, with the black-and-white sequences taking place chronologically before the color sequences. The black-and-white sequences begin with Leonard Shelby  in a motel room speaking to an unnamed caller. Leonard has anterograde amnesia and is unable to store recent memories, the result of an attack by two men. Leonard killed the attacker who raped and strangled his wife , but a second clubbed him and escaped. The police did not accept there was a second attacker, but Leonard believes he is called John with a last name starting with G. Leonard conducts his own investigation using a system of notes, Polaroid photos, and tattoos. As an insurance investigator, Leonard recalls one Sammy Jankis, also diagnosed with the same condition. Sammy\'s diabetic wife repeatedly requested insulin injections to try to trigger his memory, hoping Sammy would remember the previous dose. He did not and as a result she fell into a coma and died. The color sequences are shown in reverse chronological order. Leonard gets a tattoo, based on instructions to himself, of the license plate of John G. Finding a note in his clothes, he meets Natalie , a bartender who resents Leonard as he wears the clothes and drives the car of her boyfriend, Jimmy. After understanding his condition, she uses it to get Leonard to drive a man named Dodd out of town and offers to run the license plate to help his investigation. Meanwhile, Leonard meets with a contact, Teddy . Teddy helps with Dodd, but warns him about Natalie; however, Leonard has written on a photo of Teddy to not trust him. Natalie provides Leonard the driver\'s license, which shows a John Edward Gammell, Teddy\'s full name. Confirming Leonard\'s information on "John G" and his warnings, Leonard meets Teddy and drives him to an abandoned building, killing him as shown in the opening. In the final black-and-white sequence, prompted by the caller, Leonard meets Teddy in the motel lobby. Teddy is an undercover officer and has found Leonard\'s "John G", Natalie’s boyfriend Jimmy Grantz, and directs Leonard to the same abandoned building outside of town. When Jimmy arrives, Leonard strangles him and takes a photo of the body. As it develops the black-and-white transitions to color, thus beginning the color sequences. Leonard swaps clothes with Jimmy, hearing Jimmy whisper "Sammy". As Leonard has only told the story of Sammy to those he has met, he doubts Jimmy is the attacker. Teddy arrives and asserts that Jimmy was John G but when Leonard is not convinced, Teddy reveals that together they had already found and Leonard had killed the real attacker over a year ago. Teddy claims that Leonard confused elements of his life with that of Sammy, who was a con man with no wife. Leonard\'s wife was diabetic, had survived the attack and was the one who died in the insulin overdose. Teddy accuses Leonard of creating an unsolvable puzzle to give himself purpose and since "John G" is a common name, he will continually forget, beginning his search again and that even Teddy himself has a "John G" name. After hearing Teddy\'s exposition, Leonard consciously burns the photograph of Jimmy\'s body, drives off in Jimmy\'s car and has Teddy\'s license plate number tattooed on himself as the one of the second attacker, which will lead to the events of Teddy\'s death.'] ['A professional driver  steals cars to drive as getaway vehicles for big-time robberies. Hot on the Driver\'s trail is the Detective , a conceited cop who refers to the Driver as "the cowboy who\'s never been caught" and is willing to go to any length to bring him down. The Detective becomes so obsessed that he sets up a bank job in order to entice, trap, and ultimately arrest, the Driver.'] ['Now a successful and wealthy architect, Mark Wallace  and his wife Joanna  Wallace  fly their white Mercedes 230SL roadster to Northern France, in order to continue driving to Saint-Tropez to celebrate the completion of a building project for a client, Maurice. Tensions between the couple are evident, and as they journey south they both remember and discuss several past journeys along the same road. The earliest memory involves how they first met on a ferry crossing when Mark was travelling alone and Joanna was part of a girl\'s choir. They meet again when Joanna\'s choirbus goes off the road and Mark helps get them back on the road. When the other girls get chickenpox, Joanna and Mark unexpectedly wind up hitchhiking south together. The next story tells how the two newlyweds are travelling with Mark\'s ex-girlfriend Cathy Manchester , husband  and daughter Ruth \'Ruthie\'  from the USA. Ruthie is not given any limits, and her behaviour frustrates Mark and Jo. Eventually Ruthie reveals the unkind descriptions of Joanna her parents have made in private. At this point Mark and Joanna decide to travel alone. Next the pair drive a new MG which begins to have exhaust troubles, finally catching on fire. On this journey Joanna announces that she is pregnant. They also meet the wealthy Maurice Dalbret ([[Claude Dauphin  and his wife Françoise . Maurice becomes a generous but demanding client for Mark. The next story shows them travelling with their young daughter Caroline . Another time shows Mark travelling alone and having a fling with another motorist, but which is shown to be fleeting and unserious in nature. Later Joanna has an affair with Françoise\'s brother David , which is portrayed as much more serious than Mark\'s and threatens to end the marriage; however, while Joanna dines with David and they witness a couple eating together without saying a word, David asks, offhandedly, "What kind of people can eat an entire meal together and not talk?" Joanna replies, enthusiastically, "Married people!" and, realizing she misses Mark despite their faded passion, runs back to him. At the end of the film, the Wallaces manage to end their long-term relationship to Maurice and find a new client in Rome. They honestly analyse their fears and insecurities which have plagued them throughout the film. Finally, they cross the border from France into Italy. This is new ground for them as well as for the audience, signalling a move beyond the old issues into a more mature future.'] ['The protagonists are two freewheeling hippies: Wyatt , nicknamed "Captain America", and Billy . Fonda and Hopper said that these characters\' names refer to Wyatt Earp and Billy the Kid.<ref nameMarch 2011}} was a spiritual failure. The next morning, the two are continuing their trip to Florida  when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot them and decide to "scare the hell out of them" with their shotgun. As they pull alongside Billy, one of the men lazily aims the shotgun at him and threatens and insults him by saying, "Want me to blow your brains out?" and "Why don\'t you get a haircut?" When Billy flips his middle finger up at them, the hillbilly fires the shotgun at Billy, who immediately hits the pavement, seriously wounded in the side. As the truck then takes off past Wyatt down the road, Wyatt turns around and races back to put his jacket over his fatally injured friend, who is already covered in blood, before riding off for help. But by this time, the same pickup truck has turned around and closes on Wyatt. Not wanting any witnesses to report them to the police, the hillbilly fires at Wyatt as he speeds by the pickup, hitting the bike\'s gas tank and causing it to instantly erupt into a fiery explosion. Wyatt lands by the side of the road, dead. As the murderous rednecks drive away, the film ends with a shot of the flaming bike in the middle of the deserted road, as the camera ascends to the sky.'] ['In 1963 Oregon, Randle Patrick "Mac" McMurphy , a recidivist anti-authoritarian criminal serving a short sentence on a prison farm for statutory rape of a 15-year-old girl, is transferred to a mental institution for evaluation. Although he does not show any overt signs of mental illness, he hopes to avoid hard labor and serve the rest of his sentence in a more relaxed hospital environment. McMurphy\'s ward is run by steely, unyielding Nurse Mildred Ratched , who employs subtle humiliation, unpleasant medical treatments and a mind-numbing daily routine to suppress the patients. McMurphy finds that they are more fearful of Ratched than they are focused on becoming functional in the outside world. McMurphy establishes himself immediately as the leader; his fellow patients include Billy Bibbit , a nervous, stuttering young man; Charlie Cheswick , a man disposed to childish fits of temper; Martini , who is delusional; Dale Harding , a high-strung, well-educated paranoid; Max Taber , who is belligerent and profane; Jim Sefelt ; and "Chief" Bromden , a silent American Indian believed to be deaf and mute. McMurphy\'s and Ratched\'s battle of wills escalates rapidly. When McMurphy\'s card games win away everyone\'s cigarettes, Ratched confiscates the cigarettes and rations them out. McMurphy calls for votes on ward policy changes to challenge her. He makes a show of betting the other patients he can escape by lifting an old hydrotherapy console—a massive marble plumbing fixture—off the floor and sending it through the window; when he fails to do so, he turns to them and says, "But I tried goddammit. At least I did that." McMurphy steals a hospital bus, herds his colleagues aboard, stops to pick up Candy , a party girl, and takes the group deep sea fishing on a commandeered boat. He tells them: "You\'re not nuts, you\'re fishermen!" and they begin to feel faint stirrings of self-determination. Soon after, however, McMurphy learns that Ratched and the doctors have the power to keep him committed indefinitely. Sensing a rising tide of insurrection among the group, Ratched tightens her grip on everyone. During one of her group humiliation sessions, Cheswick\'s agitation boils over and he, McMurphy and the Chief wind up brawling with the orderlies. They are sent up to the "shock shop" for electroconvulsive therapy. While McMurphy and the Chief wait their turn, McMurphy offers Chief a piece of gum, and Chief murmurs "Thank you." McMurphy is delighted to find that Bromden is neither deaf nor mute, and that he stays silent to deflect attention. After the electroshock therapy, McMurphy shuffles back onto the ward feigning illness, before humorously animating his face and loudly greeting his fellow patients, assuring everyone that the ECT only charged him up all the more and that the next woman to take him on will "light up like a pinball machine and pay off in silver dollars." But the struggle with Ratched is taking its toll, and with his release date no longer a certainty, McMurphy plans an escape. He phones Candy to bring her friend Rose  and some booze to the hospital late one night. They enter through a window after McMurphy bribes the night orderly, Mr. Turkle . McMurphy and Candy invite the patients into the day room for a Christmas party; the group breaks into the drug locker, puts on music, and enjoys a bacchanalian rampage. At the end of the night, McMurphy and Bromden prepare to climb out the window with the girls. McMurphy says goodbye to everyone, and invites an emotional Billy to escape with them; he declines, saying he is not yet ready to leave the hospital—though he would like to date Candy in the future. McMurphy insists Billy have sex with Candy right then and there. Billy and Candy agree and they retire to a private room. The effects of the alcohol and pilfered medication take their toll on everyone, including McMurphy and the Chief, whose eyes slowly close in fatigue. Nurse Ratched arrives the next morning and discovers the scene: the ward completely upended and patients passed out all over the floor. She orders the attendants to lock the window, clean up, and conduct a head count. When they find Billy and Candy, the other patients applaud and, buoyed, Billy speaks for the first time without a stutter. Nurse Ratched then announces that she will tell Billy\'s mother what he has done. Billy panics, his stutter returns, and he starts punching himself in the face; locked in the doctor\'s office, he kills himself. McMurphy, enraged at Nurse Ratched, chokes her nearly to death until orderly Washington knocks him out. Some time later, the patients in the ward play cards and gamble for cigarettes as before, only now with Harding dealing and delivering a pale imitation of McMurphy\'s patter. Nurse Ratched, still recovering from the neck injury sustained during McMurphy\'s attack, wears a neck brace and speaks in a thin, reedy voice. The patients pass a whispered rumor that McMurphy dramatically escaped the hospital rather than being taken "upstairs." Late that night, Chief Bromden sees McMurphy being escorted back to his bed, and initially believes that he has returned so they can escape together, which he is now ready to do since McMurphy has made him feel "as big as a mountain." However, when he looks closely at McMurphy\'s unresponsive face, he is horrified to see lobotomy scars on his forehead. Unwilling to allow McMurphy to live in such a state—or be seen this way by the other patients—the Chief smothers McMurphy to death with his pillow. He then carries out McMurphy\'s escape plan by lifting the hydrotherapy console off the floor and hurling the massive fixture through a grated window, climbing through and running off into the distance, with Taber waking up just in time to see the Chief escape and cheering as the others awake.'] ['A car delivery driver, Kowalski , arrives in Denver, Colorado late Friday night with a black Chrysler Imperial.{{#tag:ref|The film begins with an alternative ending. A white 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T 440 Magnum races towards two bulldozers, which have just dropped their blades blocking both lanes of a two lane road. At the last second, the driver manages to spin his car around and drive away from the roadblock. The film then goes into a flashback set two days earlier. |groupspeedtv>{{citation|urlHollywood’s Hottest Car Chases - Vanishing Point |publisherNovember 1, 2010|accessdate"transcript">{{cite web}}'] ['{{Hatnote}} In Los Angeles, November 2019, retired police officer Rick Deckard  is detained by officer Gaff  and brought to meet with his former supervisor, Bryant . Deckard, whose job as a "Blade Runner" was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and "retire"  them, is told by Bryant that several have escaped and come to Earth illegally. As Tyrell Corporation Nexus-6 models, they have only a four-year lifespan, and may have come to Earth to try to extend their lives. Deckard watches a video of another Blade Runner named Holden  administering a "Voight-Kampff" test designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their empathic response to questions. The subject of the test, Leon , shoots Holden. Bryant wants Deckard to return to work to retire Leon and three other replicants—Roy Batty , Zhora  and Pris . Deckard refuses, but after Bryant makes an overt threat, he reluctantly agrees. Sent to the Tyrell Corporation to ensure that the test works on Nexus-6 models, Deckard discovers that Tyrell\'s  assistant Rachael  is an experimental replicant who believes herself to be human; Rachael\'s consciousness has been enhanced with false memories to provide an "emotional cushion". As a result, a more extensive test is required to determine if she is a replicant. Trying to find a way to meet with Tyrell, Roy and Leon go to the eye-manufacturing laboratory of Chew , forcing him to divulge the identity of J.F. Sebastian , a gifted designer who works closely with Tyrell. Rachael visits Deckard at his apartment to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo. Dropping the photo to the floor, Rachael leaves in tears after Deckard tells her that her memories are only implants taken from a real person. Sent by Roy, Pris meets and gains the confidence of Sebastian at his apartment, where he lives with manufactured companions. While searching Leon\'s apartment, Deckard finds a photo of Zhora, and a synthetic snake scale that leads him to a strip club where Zhora works. Deckard retires Zhora, and shortly after is told by Bryant to add Rachael, who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation headquarters, to his list of retirements. Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd but is disarmed and attacked by Leon, who saw him kill Zhora. Rachael kills Leon using Deckard\'s gun, and the two return to Deckard\'s apartment, where he promises not to hunt her. Later they share an intimate moment; Rachael then tries to leave, but Deckard seduces her. Arriving at Sebastian\'s apartment, Roy tells Pris the others are dead. Sympathetic to their plight, Sebastian reveals that because of a genetic disorder that accelerates his aging, his life will also be cut short. Under a pretext, Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrell\'s secure penthouse, where Roy demands more life from his maker. Told that this has proved to be impossible, Roy confesses that he has done "questionable things". Tyrell dismisses Roy\'s guilt, praising Roy\'s advanced design and his accomplishments. Responding "Nothing the god of biomechanics wouldn\'t let you into heaven for", Roy kisses Tyrell, then kills him. Sebastian runs for the elevator followed by Roy, who rides the elevator down alone. Upon entering Sebastian\'s apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Pris, but manages to kill her just as Roy returns. Roy fights Deckard without using his full strength against him. Eventually Deckard is hanging from a rooftop. Just as he is about to fall, Roy saves him. His life ending, Roy delivers a monologue on how his memories are about to be lost and dies in front of Deckard, who watches silently. Gaff arrives and, referring to Rachael, shouts to Deckard "It\'s too bad she won\'t live, but then again, who does?" Deckard returns to his apartment to find Rachael alive and sleeping in his bed; as they leave, Deckard finds a small tin-foil unicorn, a calling card left by his origami-making partner Gaff. Depending on the version, Deckard and Rachael either leave the apartment block to an uncertain future, or drive through an idyllic pastoral landscape.'] ['Robert Syverton , who once dreamed of being a great film director, recalls the events leading to an unstated crime. In his youth, he saw a horse break its leg, after which it was shot and put out of its misery. Years later, in 1932, he wanders into a dance marathon about to begin in the shabby La Monica Ballroom, perched over the Pacific Ocean on the Santa Monica Pier, near Los Angeles. He is recruited by MC  Rocky  as a substitute partner for a cynical malcontent named Gloria , when her original partner is disqualified due to an ominous cough. Among the other contestants competing for a cash prize of $1500 are Harry Kline , a middle-aged sailor; Alice , a would-be Jean Harlow with delusions of grandeur, and her partner Joel , an aspiring actor; and impoverished farm worker James  and his pregnant wife Ruby . Early in the marathon the weaker pairs are eliminated quickly, while Rocky observes the vulnerabilities of the stronger contestants and exploits them for the audience\'s amusement. Already frayed nerves are exacerbated by the theft of one of Alice\'s dresses and Gloria\'s displeasure at the attention Alice receives from Robert. In retaliation, she takes Joel as her partner, but when he receives a job offer and departs, she aligns herself with Harry. Weeks into the marathon, in order to spark the paying spectators\' enthusiasm, Rocky stages a series of derbies in which the exhausted remaining contestants, clad in track suits, must race around the dance floor, with the last three couples eliminated. Harry suffers a fatal heart attack during one of these, and an undeterred Gloria lifts him on her back and crosses the finish line. It is clear that Harry dies as Gloria drags him. Alice, witnessing this at the end of her rope, suffers a breakdown and is taken away. Robert and Gloria, now without partners, once again pair up. Rocky suggests the couple marry during the marathon, a publicity stunt guaranteed to earn them some cash in the form of gifts from supporters such as Mrs. Laydon . When Gloria refuses, he reveals the contest is not what it appears to be on the surface. Numerous expenses will be deducted from the prize money, leaving the winner with close to nothing. Shocked by the revelation, the couple drops out of the competition. Distraught and despondent, Gloria confesses how empty inside she is. She tells Robert that she wants to kill herself, but when she takes out a gun and points it at herself, she cannot pull the trigger. Desperate, she asks Robert, "Help me." He obliges. Questioned by the police as to the motive for his action, Robert responds: "They shoot horses, don\'t they?" This final line of dialogue, echoing the film\'s title, is the "coup de grâce": the "blow of mercy." In committing assisted suicide, Robert is found guilty of murder and sentenced to be executed. His fate is not explicitly stated or depicted, but it is suggested through the film\'s use of flash-forwards and symbolism. The marathon continues with its few remaining couples, including James and Ruby. The eventual winners are never revealed.'] ['The film takes place in two parts. The first half resembles a western; albeit a surreal one. The second is a love story of redemption and rebirth.  The first half opens with El Topo  traveling through a desert on horseback with his naked young son. They come across a town whose inhabitants have been slaughtered, and El Topo hunts down and kills the perpetrators and their leader, a fat balding Colonel. El Topo abandons his son to the monks of the settlement\'s mission and rides off with a woman whom the Colonel had kept as a slave. El Topo names the woman Mara, and she convinces him to defeat four great gun masters to become the greatest gunman in the land. Each gun master represents a particular religion or philosophy, and El Topo learns from each of them before instigating a duel. El Topo is victorious each time, not through superior skill but through trickery or luck. After the first duel, a black-clad woman with a male voice finds the couple and guides them to the remaining gun masters. As he kills each master, El Topo has increasing doubts about his mission, but Mara persuades him to continue. Having killed all four, El Topo is ridden with guilt, destroys his own gun and revisits the places where he killed those masters, finding their graves swarming with bees. The unnamed woman confronts El Topo and shoots him multiple times in the manner of stigmata. Mara then betrays him and rides off with the woman, while El Topo collapses and is carried away by a group of dwarves and mutants.  The second half of the film takes place years later. El Topo awakes in a cave, to find that the tribe of deformed outcasts have taken care of him and set him up as a God-like figure, while he has been asleep and meditating on the gun masters\' "four lessons". The outcasts dwell in a system of caves which have been blocked in - the only exit is out of their reach due to their deformities. When El Topo awakes, he is \'born again\' and decides to help the outcasts escape. He is able to reach the exit and together with a dwarf girl who becomes his lover, performs for the depraved cultists of the neighbouring town, to raise money for dynamite. A young monk arrives in the town to be the new priest, but is disgusted by the perverted form of religion the cultists practice. He also discovers that El Topo is his father, who had abandoned him to the mission. He threatens to kill El Topo, but agrees to wait until he has succeeded in freeing the outcasts. With the help of his now pregnant girlfriend and son, El Topo creates a new exit from the cave. The outcasts come streaming out, but as they enter the town they are shot down by the cultists. El Topo helplessly witnesses his community being slaughtered and is shot himself. Ignoring his own wounds he massacres the cultists, then takes an oil lamp and immolates himself. His girlfriend gives birth at the same time as his death, and she and his son make a grave for his remains. This becomes a beehive like the gun masters\' graves. As the film ends, El Topo\'s son, girlfriend and baby ride off on horseback, the son now wearing his father\'s clothes.'] ["Badlands is narrated by Holly , a teenage girl living in a dead-end South Dakota town. One day she meets Kit , a rebellious young greaser who charms her and takes her as his accomplice on a cross-country killing spree. Holly's narration, describing her adventures with Kit with romantic clichés, is juxtaposed with the grim reality of Kit's sociopathic actions. The two are eventually arrested; Kit is executed for his crimes, while Holly receives probation."] ["Lester Burnham  is a middle-aged magazine writer who despises his job. His wife, Carolyn , is an ambitious real-estate broker; their sixteen-year-old daughter, Jane , abhors her parents and has low self-esteem. The Burnhams' new neighbors are retired United States Marine Corps Colonel Frank Fitts ([[Chris Cooper  and his introverted wife, Barbara ; their teenage son, Ricky , is a secret marijuana smoker and drug dealer whom the colonel subjects to a strict disciplinarian lifestyle. Ricky, who had been forced into a military academy and mental hospital, spends time recording his surroundings with a camcorder; he keeps dozens of taped videos in his bedroom. Lester becomes infatuated with Jane's cheerleader friend, Angela Hayes , after seeing her perform a half-time dance routine at a high school basketball game. He begins to have sexual fantasies about Angela, during which red rose petals are a recurring motif. Carolyn begins an affair with a business rival, Buddy Kane . When Lester is about to be laid off his job, he blackmails his boss for $60,000 and quits, taking employment serving fast food. He buys his dream car  and starts working out after he overhears Angela tell Jane that she would find him sexually attractive if he improved his physique. He begins smoking marijuana bought from Ricky and flirts with Angela whenever she visits Jane. Jane becomes involved with Ricky and they bond over what Ricky considers the most beautiful imagery he has filmed: a plastic bag dancing in the wind."] [' Computer programmer Thomas Anderson  is secretly a hacker known as "Neo". He is restless, eager and driven to learn the meaning of cryptic references to the "Matrix" appearing on his computer. A female hacker named Trinity  confirms that a man named Morpheus  can help him; however, three Agents, led by Agent Smith , arrest Neo and attempt to prevent him from collaborating with Morpheus. Undeterred, Neo meets with Morpheus and agrees to follow him by swallowing an offered red pill. Neo abruptly awakens in a liquid-filled vessel, connected along with millions of other people to an elaborate electrical structure. He is rescued by Morpheus and brought aboard a levitating ship called the Nebuchadnezzar. Morpheus tells Neo that humans are fighting against intelligent machines that were created early in the 21st century and have since taken control of the Earth\'s surface. The machines harvest the bioelectrical energy of humans, who are kept docile within the "Matrix" – a simulation of the world as it was in 1999. Neo has lived in this simulated world since birth; in reality, the year is closer to 2199. Morpheus and his crew belong to a group of free humans who "unplug" others from the Matrix and recruit them to their rebellion against the Machines. They are able to connect themselves to the Matrix and enter the simulated reality, where they can gain superhuman abilities by using their understanding of its true nature to manipulate its physical laws. Neo undergoes combat training to become a member of the rebellion. He is warned that fatal injuries within the Matrix will also kill one\'s physical body, and that the Agents he previously met are powerful sentient computer programs that eliminate human threats to the system. Morpheus believes that Neo is "the One", a man prophesied to end the war. The group enters the Matrix to visit the Oracle , who predicted the emergence of the One. The Oracle implies that Neo is not the One, but warns that Neo must soon choose between his life and that of Morpheus. As the group prepares to exit the Matrix, they are ambushed by Agents and tactical police, leading to the death of crew member Mouse . Morpheus allows himself to be captured to let Neo and the crew escape. As the rest of the crew heads to another telephone to leave the Matrix, they learn that their fellow crew member Cypher  has betrayed them. Disillusioned with the real world, Cypher had earlier made a deal with the Agents for a permanent return to the comfortable life of the Matrix, in exchange for handing over Morpheus to the Agents. Aboard the Nebuchadnezzar, Cypher murders crew members Switch, Apoc and Dozer before he is killed by Dozer\'s younger brother Tank . In the Matrix, the Agents drug and interrogate Morpheus in an attempt to learn his access codes to the mainframe computer in Zion, the humans\' subterranean refuge in the real world. Neo and Trinity return to the Matrix and rescue Morpheus; in the process, Neo becomes more confident in his ability to manipulate the Matrix, and is ultimately able to dodge bullets fired at him. Morpheus and Trinity use a telephone to exit the Matrix, but Neo is ambushed by Agent Smith before he can leave. He stands his ground and defeats Smith, but is forced to flee when the Agent comes back in another body. In the real world, "sentinel" machines converge on the Nebuchadnezzar. In the Matrix, just before reaching another exit, Neo is shot and killed by Agent Smith. Trinity, who is standing over Neo\'s body in the real world, whispers that the Oracle told her she would fall in love with the One. She kisses Neo and restores his life. In the Matrix, Neo revives with new power to perceive and control the simulated world, and effortlessly destroys Agent Smith, before returning to the real world in time for the ship\'s EMP weapon to destroy the attacking sentinels. The film ends with Neo back in the Matrix, making a telephone call promising that he will demonstrate to the people imprisoned in the Matrix that "anything is possible." He hangs up the phone and flies into the sky.'] ['July 5 begins as a normal winter morning near Auckland, New Zealand. At 6:12 a.m., the Sun darkens for a moment, and a red light surrounded by darkness is briefly seen. Zac Hobson  is a scientist working for Delenco, part of an international consortium working on "Project Flashlight", an experiment to create a global energy grid. He awakens abruptly; when he turns on his radio, he is unable to receive any transmissions. Zac gets dressed and drives into the deserted city. Investigating a fire, he discovers the wreckage of a passenger jet, but there are no bodies, only empty seats. He enters his underground laboratory; a monitor displays the message "Project Flashlight Complete". The mass disappearance seems to coincide with the moment Flashlight was activated. He notes on his tape recorder: :"Zac Hobson, July 5th. One: there has been a malfunction in Project Flashlight with devastating results. Two: it seems I am the only person left on Earth." From this point onward, Zac refers to the crucial moment and its result as "The Effect". After several days, his mental state begins to deteriorate. He puts on a woman\'s slip and alternates between exhilaration and despair. Eventually he breaks down altogether. He assembles cardboard cutouts of famous people  and addresses them from a balcony. He declares himself "President of this Quiet Earth", then goes on a rampage. He later bursts into a church, shoots the crucifix and announces that he is God. After accidentally crushing an empty pram, he puts the barrel of a shotgun in his mouth, but changes his mind when he witnesses an explosion resulting from his destruction. He settles into a more normal routine. One morning, a young woman named Joanne  appears. Zac is attracted to her, but she does not appear to reciprocate. While scouring the countryside for other survivors, they try to determine why they survived. They find a third survivor, a large Māori man named Api . The three determine why they survived: at the instant of The Effect, they were all at the moment of death—Api was being drowned in a fight, Joanne was electrocuted by a faulty hairdryer, and Zac had overdosed on pills in a suicide attempt. He had realized there were serious dangers with the experiment and was guilt-ridden for not speaking out. A love triangle develops, but Zac is more concerned about his observations: several universal physical constants are changing, causing the Sun\'s output to fluctuate. Zac fears that The Effect will occur again and decides to destroy the Delenco facility in an attempt to stop it. The three put aside their personal conflicts and drive a truckload of explosives to the installation, only to be stopped at the perimeter when Zac detects high levels of ionising radiation that could detonate the explosives prematurely. He goes back to town to retrieve a remote control for the truck. While Zac is gone, Joanne and Api have sex. Afterward, Api tells Joanne that he will sacrifice himself by driving the truck; he doubts that Zac\'s device will be capable of controlling the vehicle. They then see that Zac has reached the same conclusion. He drives the truck onto the weakened roof of the laboratory, which collapses. Just as The Effect reaches a maximum, he triggers the explosives. Once again a red light is seen surrounded by the dark tunnel. Zac finds himself lying face down on a beach. There are strange cloud formations, resembling waterspouts, rising out of the ocean. As he walks to the water\'s edge, an enormous ringed planet slowly appears over the horizon. Zac stares in disbelief, then realises he\'s still holding his tape recorder. He lifts it up as if to speak, then lowers it, completely bewildered.  The precise meaning of the final scene is left to the audience. In the DVD commentary, the director suggests a recurrence of The Effect because of Zac\'s second death. But he also allows a lapsed-Catholic colleague\'s idea of a second term in Purgatory. In any case, he says that "a little obscurity" is a good thing.'] [" The film takes place in late 1999. India has an out-of-control nuclear satellite in orbit that is about to reenter the atmosphere at any time, contaminating large areas of the earth. This has caused a massive panic, with everyone trying to flee the likely impact sites. Caught in a traffic jam, impatient and disconnected Claire Tourneur  escapes the highway congestion by taking a side road. Her Dashboard Computer System announces she left the Map Zone Database and is on her own. She then has a couple of odd encounters: first with a pair of bank robbers , and with a hitchhiker being pursued by an armed party. Claire discovers, after falling in love with the enigmatic fugitive, that he is the son of a scientist , and has absconded with the prototype of a secret research project. Multiple government agencies and freelance bounty hunters are chasing him to recover the device. The film has two distinct parts: the first is a mystery; the second a science-fiction adventure. The mystery is about the prototype, what it actually does and why so many people are interested in it. Halfway through the film the focus shifts, as the prototype is revealed to be a device for recording and translating brain impulses— a camera for the blind. The hitchhiker is traveling around the world, gathering images in the device though the reason why is not revealed. During the second part, the reason for his travels is revealed: the hitchhiker has been filming his extended family to bring home to his blind mother . As the chase moves across the globe, the nuclear satellite is shot down, causing an EMP effect that wipes out all unshielded electronics worldwide. The characters wind up in a cave in the Australian Outback, where the recordings are played back. After the death of the hitchhiker's mother, his scientist father discovers a way to use the device to record human dreams. Several characters become addicted to viewing their own dreams, while Claire's estranged lover, a novelist, remains unaffected. He writes a novel about the adventure, which ultimately rescues Claire from her addiction to the device, via the power of words."] ['The premise involves two street racers  who live on the road in their highly-modified 1955 Chevy "One-Fifty" two-door sedan and drift from town to town, making their income by challenging local residents to races. The movie follows them driving east on Route 66 from Needles, California. They pick up a female hitchhiker in Flagstaff, Arizona , although it is more accurate to say that she picks them up by simply getting into their car. In New Mexico, they encounter another car driver . An atmosphere of hostility develops between the two parties. Although Oates is not an overt street racer, and, in fact, seems to know little about cars, a cross-country race to Washington, D.C. is suggested. Taylor proposes that the prize should be "for pinks," or legal ownership of the loser\'s car. Characters are never identified by name in the movie; instead they are named "The Driver," "The Mechanic," "GTO," and "The Girl". The movie follows the group east through small towns in California, Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Tennessee, but no character makes it to Washington, D.C. during the film. After sleeping with both the Driver and the Mechanic during the journey, the Girl disappoints them by abruptly leaving with the GTO while they compete at a racetrack in Memphis. The Driver pursues them intently, finding them at a diner where the Girl has just rejected the GTO\'s idea to visit Chicago. The Driver proposes going to Columbus, Ohio to get parts, but the Girl rejects him. She hops on the back of a stranger\'s motorcycle, dropping her bag in the parking lot. The three men abruptly depart from the diner in their respective cars. The driver of the GTO, who has told a different story about himself to each of the many hitchhikers he picked up , stops for two soldiers on leave. He tells his passengers that he won the car while driving a home-built \'55 Chevy, emphasizing the circular nature of the film. The film ends during a drag race at an airstrip in East Tennessee. As the Driver speeds down the runway, first the sound drops out, then the film slows until the frames of the film seem to catch in the projector\'s gate, burning it.'] ['The Jarretts are an upper-middle-class family trying to return to normal life after the death of one teenage son and the attempted suicide of their surviving son, Conrad . Conrad has recently returned home from a four-month stay in a psychiatric hospital. He feels alienated from his friends and family, and begins seeing a psychiatrist, Dr. Berger . Berger learns that Conrad was involved in a sailing accident in which his older brother, Buck , died. Conrad now deals with post-traumatic stress disorder and survivor\'s guilt. Conrad\'s father, Calvin , awkwardly tries to connect with his surviving son and understand his wife. Conrad\'s mother, Beth  denies her loss, hoping to maintain her composure and restore her family to what it once was. She appears to have loved her elder son more , and because of the suicide attempt, has now grown cold toward Conrad. She is determined to maintain the appearance of perfection and normality. Conrad works with Dr. Berger, and learns to try to deal with, rather than control his emotions. He starts dating a fellow student, Jeannine , who helps him to begin to regain a sense of optimism. Conrad, however, still struggles to communicate and re-establish a normal relationship with his parents and schoolmates including Stillman  with whom he gets into a fist fight. He cannot seem to allow anyone, especially Beth, to get close. Beth makes several constrained attempts to appeal to Conrad for some semblance of normality, but Conrad again rebuffs her. Mother and son often argue while Calvin tries to referee, generally taking Conrad\'s side for fear of pushing him over the edge again. Things come to a climax near Christmas, when Conrad becomes furious at Beth for not wanting to take a photo with him, swearing at her in front of his grandparents. Afterward, Beth discovers Conrad has been lying about his after-school whereabouts. This leads to a heated argument between Conrad and Beth in which Conrad points out that Beth never visited him in the hospital. He says "You would have visited Buck if he was in the hospital", to which she replies "Buck would have never been in the hospital". Beth and Calvin take a trip to see Beth’s brother in Houston where Calvin confronts Beth, calling her out on her attitude. In a moment of utter rage, Beth shouts at Calvin, "Why can\'t you see my side?" and "what kind of mother doesn’t love her son?" It is a public outburst underlining the depth of what a normally, overtly repressed Beth is suffering. Conrad suffers a setback when he learns that Karen, a friend of his from the psychiatric hospital  has committed suicide. However, a cathartic breakthrough session with Dr. Berger allows Conrad to stop blaming himself for Buck\'s death and accept his mother\'s frailties. Calvin, however, emotionally confronts Beth one last time. He questions their love, and asks whether she is capable of truly loving anyone. Stunned, Beth decides to flee her family rather than deal with her own, or their, emotions. Calvin and Conrad are left to come to terms with their new family situation.'] ['U.S. Army Captain and special operations veteran Benjamin L. Willard  has returned from action to Saigon where he drinks heavily and destroys his hotel room. Intelligence officers Lieutenant General Corman  and Colonel Lucas  approach him with an assignment: Willard must follow the Nung River into the remote Cambodian jungle, find rogue U.S. Army Special Forces Colonel Walter E. Kurtz  and kill him. Kurtz apparently went insane and now commands his own Montagnard troops inside neutral Cambodia. Willard joins a U.S. Navy PBR commanded by Chief Petty Officer George "Chief" Phillips ([[Albert Hall  and crewmen Lance Johnson , Jay "Chef" Hicks  and Tyrone "Mr. Clean" Miller . For escort they rendezvous with reckless Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore , who commands a squadron of attack helicopters. Initially scoffing at them, Kilgore befriends Johnson as both are keen surfers. When Willard suggests the Viet Cong-filled coastal mouth of the Nung River, Kilgore accepts due to the surfing conditions there. After napalm strikes and Ride of the Valkyries playing over the chopper loudspeakers, the beach is taken and Kilgore orders others to surf it amid enemy fire. While Kilgore nostalgically regales everyone about a previous strike, Willard gathers his men to the PBR, which had been transported from a helicopter. Willard sifts through files of Kurtz, learning he was a model officer and possible future general, a top soldier in the field. Navigating upstream, the crew encounters a tiger and later visit a supply depot USO show featuring Playboy Playmates. The crew search a civilian sampan they come across, but Mr. Clean snaps and kills almost all on board, while Willard coldly shoots an injured survivor to prevent any delay of his mission. On reaching a US outpost at a bridge under constant attack, Willard is informed that a Captain Colby  was sent to find Kurtz, but is now missing. Lance and Chef are continually under the influence of drugs and Lance becomes withdrawn, smearing his face with camouflage paint. The next day the boat is fired upon by an unseen enemy in the trees, killing Mr. Clean and turning Chief hostile toward Willard. Later, they are ambushed again, by Montagnard warriors. They return fire and Chief is impaled with a spear, who then tries to kill Willard by pulling him onto it, but dies from his wound. Afterwards, Willard confides in the remaining Chef and Lance about his mission, and they reluctantly agree to continue upriver where they see the coastline is littered with bodies. Arriving at Kurtz\'s outpost, Willard takes Lance with him to the village, leaving Chef behind with orders to call an airstrike on the village if he does not return. In the camp, the two men are met by a manic freelance photographer , who explains that Kurtz\'s great philosophical skills inspire his people to follow him. As they proceed, they see bodies and severed heads scattered about the nearby temple that serves as Kurtz\'s living quarters, and encounter the missing Captain Colby, who is nearly catatonic. Willard is brought before Kurtz in the darkened temple, where Kurtz derides him as an errand boy. Meanwhile Chef calls in the airstrike but is kidnapped. Bound to a post, Willard screams helplessly as Kurtz drops Chef\'s severed head into his lap. After some time, Willard is released and given the freedom of the compound. Kurtz lectures him on his theories of war, humanity and civilization while praising the ruthlessness and dedication of the Viet Cong. He asks Willard to tell his son everything about him in the event of his death. That night, as the villagers ceremonially slaughter a water buffalo, Willard enters Kurtz\'s chamber as Kurtz is making a recording, and attacks him with a machete. Lying mortally wounded on the ground, Kurtz whispers his final words "The horror ... the horror ..." before dying. Willard descends the stairs from Kurtz\'s chamber and drops his weapon. The villagers do likewise and allow Willard to take Lance by the hand and lead him to the boat. The two of them sail away as airstrikes are launched on the village and Kurtz\'s final words echo.In some, but not all, prints of the film, the closing credits play over footage of Kurtz\'s temple-base exploding; some viewers interpreted this as an air strike called in by Willard. Because this was not Coppola\'s intention, after the film\'s original general release he replaced this footage with a plain black screen.'] ['Travis Bickle , an honorably discharged U.S. Marine, is a lonely and depressed man living in Manhattan, New York. He becomes a taxi driver in order to cope with chronic insomnia, driving passengers every night around the boroughs of New York City. He also spends time in seedy porn theaters and keeps a diary. Travis becomes infatuated with Betsy , a campaign volunteer for Senator Charles Palantine ([[Leonard Harris , who is running for President. After watching her through her office window, interacting with fellow worker Tom , Travis enters to volunteer as a pretext to talk to her and takes her out for coffee. On a later date he takes her to see a sex film, which offends her, so she goes home alone. His attempts at reconciliation by sending flowers are rebuffed so he berates her at the campaign office, before being kicked out by Tom. Travis confides in fellow taxi driver Wizard  about his thoughts, which are beginning to turn violent, but Wizard assures him that he will be fine. Disgusted by the street crime and prostitution that he witnesses through the city, Travis finds a focus for his frustration and begins a program of intense physical training. He buys guns from dealer Easy Andy  and constructs a sleeve gun to attach on his arm with which he practices drawing his weapons. One night, Travis enters a convenience store moments before a man attempts to rob it and shoots the robber. The shop owner  takes responsibility and Travis leaves. On another night, 12-year-old child prostitute Iris  enters Travis\'s cab, attempting to escape her pimp Matthew "Sport" . Sport drags Iris from the cab and throws Travis a crumpled twenty-dollar bill, which continually reminds him of her. Travis arranges to meet Iris and attempts to persuade her to quit prostitution. They meet again the next day for breakfast and Travis becomes obsessed with helping her return to her parents\' home, sending her money to do so and a letter in which he states he will soon be dead. After shaving his head into a mohawk, Travis attends a public rally where he attempts to assassinate Senator Palantine, but Secret Service agents notice him and he flees. He returns to his apartment and then drives to the East Village, where he confronts Sport. Travis shoots him, then walks into Iris’ brothel and shoots off the bouncer\'s fingers. After Sport shoots Travis in the neck, wounding him, Travis shoots him dead. Another thug appears and shoots Travis in the arm, but Travis reveals his sleeve gun and kills the thug. The bouncer continues to harass Travis, causing Travis to shoot him in the head and kill him. As a horrified Iris cries, Travis attempts suicide but, out of ammunition, resigns himself to a sofa until police arrive. When they do, he places his index finger against his temple gesturing the act of shooting himself. Recuperating, Travis receives a letter from Iris\'s parents who thank him for saving her and the media hail him as a hero. Travis then returns to his job and encounters Betsy as a fare. She discusses his newly found fame, but he denies being a hero and drops her off for free. He glances anxiously at an object in his rear view mirror as he drives away.'] ['Kanji Watanabe  is a middle-aged man who has worked in the same monotonous bureaucratic position for thirty years. His wife is dead and his son and daughter-in-law, who live with him, seem to care mainly about Watanabe\'s pension and their future inheritance. After learning he has stomach cancer and less than a year to live, Watanabe attempts to come to terms with his impending death. He plans to tell his son about the cancer, but decides against it when his son does not pay attention to him. He then tries to find escape in the pleasures of Tokyo\'s nightlife, but after one night realizes this is not the solution. In a nightclub, Watanabe requests a song from the piano player, and sings "Gondola no Uta" with great sadness. His singing greatly affects those watching him. The song is a ballad encouraging young women to find love while they are still young and beautiful, for life is short. The following day, a chance encounter with one of his former subordinates leads him to pursue a different course. Watanabe is attracted to her joyous love of life and enthusiasm. He opens up to her by saying he just wants to live one day in such a carefree, youthful way as she does. She reveals that her happiness comes from her new job making toys, which makes her feel like she is playing with all the children of Japan. Inspired by her example, Watanabe dedicates his remaining time to accomplishing one worthwhile achievement before his life ends; through his persistent efforts, he is able to overcome the inertia of bureaucracy and turn a mosquito-infested cesspool into a children\'s playground. The last third of the film takes place during Watanabe\'s wake, as his former co-workers try to figure out what caused such a dramatic change in his behavior. His transformation from listless bureaucrat to passionate advocate puzzles them. As the co-workers drink, they slowly realize that Watanabe must have known he was dying. They drunkenly vow to live their lives with the same dedication and passion as he did. But back at work, they lack the courage of their newfound conviction. An iconic scene from the film is from the last few moments in Watanabe\'s life, as he sits on the swing at the park he built. As the snow falls, we see Watanabe gazing lovingly over the playground, at peace with himself and the world. He again starts singing "Gondola no Uta".'] ['Eleven-year-old Kevin has a vivid imagination and is fascinated by history, particularly of Ancient Greece; his parents ignore his activities, having become more obsessed with buying the latest household gadgets to keep up with their neighbours. One night, as Kevin is sleeping, an armoured knight on a horse bursts forth from his wardrobe. Kevin is scared and hides as the knight rides off into a forest setting where once his bedroom wall was; when Kevin looks back out, the room is back to normal, and he finds one of his photos on the wall similar to the forest he saw. He prepares a satchel with supplies and Polaroid camera for the next night. He is surprised when six dwarfs spill out of the wardrobe. Kevin quickly learns the group has stolen a large, worn map, and are looking for an exit in Kevin\'s room before they are discovered. They find that Kevin\'s bedroom wall can be pushed revealing a long hallway. Kevin is hesitant to join until the visage of an evil-looking head - the Supreme Being - appears behind them, demanding the return of the map. Kevin and the dwarves fall into an empty void at the end of the hallway. They land in Italy during the Napoleonic Wars. As they recover, Kevin learns that Randall is the lead dwarf, along with Fidgit, Strutter, Og, Wally, and Vermin. They were once employed by the Supreme Being to repair holes in the spacetime fabric, but instead realized the potential to use the map to steal valuable riches. With the map and Kevin\'s help, they visit several locations in spacetime, and meet figures such as Napoleon Bonaparte and Robin Hood; Kevin uses his camera to document their visits. They are unaware that their activities are being monitored by Evil, a malevolent sorcerer, who is able to manipulate reality and is attempting to acquire the map himself. Through Evil\'s actions, Kevin becomes separated from the group and ends up in Mycenaean Greece, and meets King Agamemnon; after Kevin inadvertently helps Agamemnon kill a minotaur, the king treats him as his own son, something that Kevin would be content with. Randall and the others soon locate Kevin and abduct him, much to his resentment. They arrive on the ill-fated RMS Titanic; after it sinks, they are forced to tread water while they argue amongst each other. Evil manipulates the group and transports them to his realm, the Time of Legends. The dwarfs locate the Fortress of Ultimate Darkness, and are led to believe that "The Most Fabulous Object in the World" awaits them, luring them into Evil\'s trap. Evil takes the map and locks the group into a cage over an apparent bottomless pit. While looking through the Polaroids he took, Kevin finds one that includes the map, and the group realises there are numerous holes in the Fortress they can use to recruit help to fight Evil. They make quick work of escaping from the cage and set their plan into motion. Though they far outnumber Evil, Evil\'s powers quickly defeat all of the allied forces. As Kevin and the dwarves cower, Evil prepares to unleash his ultimate power. Suddenly, he is turned into stone and explodes; from the smoke, an elderly, well-dressed figure emerges, revealed as the true form of the Supreme Being. He orders the dwarfs to collect all the pieces of concentrated evil warning that they can be deadly if not contained, recovers the map, and allows the dwarves to rejoin him in his creation duties. The Supreme Being disappears with the dwarfs, leaving Kevin stranded behind as one missed piece of concentrated Evil begins to emit smoke. Kevin passes out but awakes, back in his bedroom, his room filled with smoke. Firefighters break down the door and rescue him as they put out a fire in his house. One of the firemen finds that his parents\' new microwave caused the fire. As Kevin recovers, he finds one of the firemen resembles Agamemnon, and discovers that he still has the photos from his adventure. As his parents look at a strange piece of rock in the microwave, Kevin tries to warn them off that it is a piece of concentrated evil and they should not touch it; nevertheless, both do, and suddenly explode and disappear, leaving Kevin wondering where they have gone off to.'] 