["Twin zoologists Oswald and Oliver Deuce  are at work studying the behavior of animals at a zoo, when their wives are killed in a car accident involving a large swan. The woman who was driving the car, Alba Bewick , is not killed, but she sustains enough damage to warrant the amputation of a leg. Venus de Milo , a woman associated with the zoo, attempts to forge a relationship with the twins, ostensibly to help them recover from their loss. Meanwhile, Oswald and Oliver gradually become obsessed with images of growth and decay, watching videos on the origins of life and creating time-lapse video of decomposing life forms. They begin this latter task with a green apple, bitten into and rotting before their camera lens. The twins' descent sees them become romantically involved with Alba, and increasingly attached to one another. Venus de Milo remains involved with them enough to observe their obsessions grow: they take to video-taping the decomposition of prawns, and they take a personal interest in Alba's childhood, going so far as to ask her to show them a field seen in a photograph on her bedside table. They become obsessed with snails, and they take advantage of their contacts at the zoo to create decomposition videos of more and more complex animals, moving gradually up the food chain.  Alba becomes a subject for the experiments of her surgeon, who eventually amputates her other leg, claiming it is putting stress on her spine. His true motive is to fashion Alba into a subject of his recreations of Johannes Vermeer paintings; Venus de Milo participates in this process, as well. Ultimately, the Deuce brothers' obsession with decay leads them to the top of the food chain, and to a complex life-and-death negotiation with Alba herself. The brothers' project seems the only possible emotional investment for either of them, so Alba offers herself as the final specimen to be photographed in its decay. However, her family intervenes before the brothers can claim her, so they are forced to find another way to create their final time-lapse video. They do so by returning to the field of Alba's childhood and setting up the necessary equipment to facilitate and capture their own decomposition."] ["The movie follows a man ([[Paul Jones  who is unnamed. The movie starts out with the central character in a car with a man  who just picked him up. The victim talks to him, but he's uninterested. The victim decides to pull over because he doesn't like the sound of the engine. While he's looking under the hood of the car the central character slams the hood down on him, decapitating him in the process. The central character eventually sews the head back on, and the victim wakes up. The central character tells him he doesn't want to drive anymore that day and to leave without him. A few years later the central character is called on to be part of a committee, groups that supposedly keep the system running but really don't do much of anything. He feels paranoid that the committee was called on account of him, and runs into the victim while there, who doesn't seem to remember him. The central character talks about this with a man listed as 'The committee director'  in the credits. This conversation lasts for the duration of the movie, and features most of the music Pink Floyd wrote for the film."] ['The film opens to the sound of a gramophone playing Axxon N, “the longest-running radio play in history”. Meanwhile, a young prostitute, identified in the credits as the "Lost Girl", cries while watching television in a hotel room, following an unpleasant encounter with her client. The Lost Girl’s television displays a family of surreal anthropomorphic rabbits who speak in cryptic statements and questions. Occasionally, there are laugh track responses within these Rabbit scenes. These three elements become recurring motifs throughout Inland Empire. The majority of the first act takes place in Los Angeles. A local actress named Nikki Grace  has applied for a comeback role in a film entitled On High in Blue Tomorrows. The day before the audition, Nikki is visited by an enigmatic old woman from Poland  who claims to be her neighbour. The old woman insists that Nikki has won the role, and recounts two Polish folk tales. One tells of a boy who, sparking a reflection after passing through a doorway, “caused evil to be born”. The other tells of a girl who, wandering through an alleyway behind a marketplace, “discovers a palace”. The old woman presses Nikki for details on her new film, asking whether the story is about marriage and involves murder. Nikki denies both, but her neighbour stridently disagrees. Disregarding Nikki’s troubled response, the old woman comments on the confusion of time, claiming that were this tomorrow, Nikki would be sitting on a couch adjacent to them. The film then pans to where the neighbour is pointing, and we see Nikki and two girlfriends sitting on the couch. Her butler walks into the living room – where the old woman no longer reclines – with a phone call from her agent, announcing that she has won the role. Ecstatic, Nikki and her friends celebrate while her husband Piotrek  ominously surveys them from atop a nearby stairwell. Some time later, Nikki and her co-star Devon Berk  receive an interview on a talk show called The Marilyn Levees Show. The host  asks both actors whether they are having an affair, to which each of them respond negatively. Devon has been warned by his entourage that Nikki is out-of-bounds, due to her husband’s power and influence. Later, on the set being built for the film, Nikki and Devon rehearse a scene with the director Kingsley . They are interrupted by a disturbance, but Devon finds nothing upon investigation. Shaken by the event, Kingsley confesses that they are shooting a remake of a German feature entitled 47. Production was abandoned after both leads were murdered, creating rumours of the film being cursed due to its roots in an old Polish folk tale. Immersed in her character "Sue", Nikki appears to begin an affair with Devon – under the guise of his own character "Billy". While filming a scene in which her character buys groceries, Nikki notices a door in the alley marked Axxon N, and enters. It leads to a room behind the studio, where she can see herself rehearsing her lines weeks earlier. When Devon is sent to find who\'s lurking backstage, Nikki realizes that she was the disturbance, causing her to flee among the half-built backgrounds and into the house of another character named Smithy. Despite the set being merely a wooden facade, Nikki enters to find an illuminated suburban house inside. Devon looks through the windows, but sees only darkness. At this point, the film takes a drastic stylistic turn. Various plotlines and scenes begin to entwine and complement each other. The chronological order is often confused or nonexistent. Inside the house, Nikki finds her husband in bed. Hiding from him, she encounters a troupe of prostitutes. One of the women advises her to “gaze through a burn hole in the silk”. Nikki complies and witnesses several strange happenings – many of which seem to revolve around her, or an alternate version of herself. The woman who plays Doris Side - Billy’s wife in the film , tells a policeman that she has been hypnotized to murder someone with a screwdriver – but finds the screwdriver embedded in her own side. A mysterious organization claims to have captives from Inland Empire. In the past, Polish prostitutes are confronted by strange pimps while murder permeates their city. Nikki, having become one of the prostitutes in the present, wanders the streets while her companions directly ask the audience “Who is she?” Both Nikki and her prostitutes frequently ask people to look at them, and say whether “you\'ve known me before”. In a parallel plotline, Sue climbs the dark staircase behind a nightclub to deliver a long monologue to a Jewish Rabbi named Mr. K – which touches upon her childhood molestations, disastrous relationships and revenge missions. Her husband Smithy seems to be connected with both the pimps and the organization – and is said to be good with animals, hence his job with a circus from Poland. There is much talk of The Phantom, an elusive hypnotist. Convinced she’s being stalked by a red-lipped man, Sue arms herself with a screwdriver. Finally, Sue walks down Hollywood Boulevard, and is startled to see her doppelgänger across the street. Before Sue can investigate, Doris arrives and attempts to kill her, having been hypnotized by The Phantom. Sue is brutally stabbed in the stomach with her own screwdriver, causing her to stagger down the street and eventually collapse next to some homeless people on the corner of Hollywood and Vine. An Afro-American woman remarks that Sue is dying, then proceeds to debate with another, younger homeless woman about taking a bus to Pomona. Her companion talks at length about a friend named Niko – the prostitute whose blond wig makes her look like a movie star, thus allowing her to walk through the rich district without drawing attention. The Afro-American woman comforts Sue by holding a lighter in front of her face, until she finally dies, “having no more blue tomorrows”. Off-camera, Kingsley yells “cut”, and the camera pans back to show this has merely been a film scene. As the actors and film crew wrap for the next scene, Sue slowly arises, Nikki once more. Kingsley announces that her scenes for the film are complete. In a daze, Nikki wanders off set and into a nearby cinema, where she sees not only On High in Blue Tomorrows – encompassing some of the subplots of the film – but events that are currently occurring. She wanders to the projection room, but finds an apartment building marked *Axxon N*. Eventually, Nikki confronts the red-lipped man from earlier, now known to be The Phantom. She shoots him, which causes his face to morph first into a distorted copy of Nikki\'s own face, but then into something resembling a foetus bleeding from its mouth. Nikki flees into a nearby room – Room 47, which houses the rabbits on television, though she fails to see them. Elsewhere in the building, Nikki finds The Lost Girl, who has been watching and crying all along. The two women kiss, before Nikki fades away into the light along with the rabbits. The Lost Girl runs out of the hotel and into Smithy’s house, where she happily embraces a man and child. Nikki is then seen back home, triumphantly smiling at the old woman from the beginning of the film. The concluding scene takes place at her house, where she sits with many other people, among them Laura Harring, Nastassja Kinski and Ben Harper. A one-legged woman who was mentioned in Sue\'s monologue looks around and says, “Sweet!” Niko, the girl with the blonde wig and monkey, can also be seen. The end credits roll over a group of women dancing to Nina Simone\'s "Sinner Man" while a lumberjack saws a log to the beat.'] ["The central character in Mad Cowgirl is Therese, a meat inspector who is dying of a brain disorder. The film follows Therese on her surreal descent into violence, in which men in her life become the Ten Tigers of Canton that she must kill in order to become a better woman. Victims of Therese's violent surreal madness include her meatpacking brother Thierry, naughty Pastor Dylan, and a Sri Lankan doctor."] ["Destricted can be described as seven short art-house porn films. 'Impaled' by director Larry Clark shows a casting for a porn film, not with the insecure women often displayed, but instead with insecure young men. 'Balkan Erotic Epic' by director Marina Abramovic is an erotic comedy about myths from the Balkan around the sexual organs. 'House Call'  is a vintage sex scene and comes closest to pornography. 'Sync'  only exists out of very fast cuts from different porn films and plays for about two minutes. 'Hoist'  is mostly an art film. 'Death Valley' opens with a beautiful shot, but then continues with an 8-minute masturbation scene. 'We Fuck Alone'  has a doll as a main character."] ['The film begins in the year 2055 in a world ravaged by catastrophic climate change; London is flooded, Sydney is burning, Las Vegas has been swallowed up by desert, the Amazon rainforest has burnt up, snow has vanished from the Alps and nuclear war has laid waste to India. An unnamed archivist  is entrusted with the safekeeping of humanity\'s surviving store of art and knowledge. Alone in his vast repository off the coast of the largely ice-free Arctic, he reviews archive footage from back "when we could have saved ourselves", trying to discern where it all went wrong. Amid news reports of the gathering effects of climate change and global civilisation teetering towards destruction, he alights on six stories of individuals whose lives in the early years of the 21st century seem to illustrate aspects of the impending catastrophe. These six stories take the form of interweaving documentary segments that report on the lives of real people in the present, and switch the film\'s narrative form from fiction to fact. The people who feature are: * Al Duvernay, a resident of New Orleans who stayed behind and helped in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. He reflects on what it feels like to have had all his possessions washed away in the flood, and also on his job in the oil industry and how valuable resources are being wasted. * Jehangir Wadia, an Indian businessman who talks about his low cost airline GoAir startup company and his democratic vision of a world in which all people, rich and poor, are able to afford air travel. * Jamila and Adnan, two Iraqi children who fled with their family to Jordan during the Iraq War, who tell the story of their father\'s death and of their desire to be reunited with the older brother they left behind. * Fernand Pareau, an 82-year-old man who works as a guide on the Mont Blanc glacier in France - he takes an English family on a tour of the glacier and explains how he has seen the ice recede massively in his lifetime. The guide is also shown taking action against expanding road infrastructure in his area. * Piers Guy, a wind-farm developer who talks about his efforts to bring sustainable energy to an English village, and how he is being blocked by people who profess a commitment to fighting global warming but do not want wind turbines destroying their views. His family takes action in reducing their carbon footprint and contemplate the effects of air travel. * Layefa Malemi, a Nigerian woman who struggles with poverty despite the wealth of oil in her country. She talks about her ambition to study medicine and the everyday impact of the exploitation of oil by Shell Nigeria on health, security and the environment in Nigeria.'] ['Two brothers, mortician Nikolai and actor Osip , love the same woman—scientist Anna, who studies the Earth\'s core, or the "heart of the world." Anna discovers that the world is in danger. In order to save it, she must choose between the brothers, and finally decides on a rich industrialist, Akmatov. As a result, the very heart of the world has a heart attack. Realizing what she has done, she strangles Akmatov and enters the Earth\'s core, replacing the failed heart with her own. The world is then saved by the new message, Kino.'] ["Ferdinand Griffon  is unhappily married and has been recently fired from his job at a TV broadcasting company. After attending a mindless party full of shallow discussions in Paris, he feels a need to escape and decides to run away with his baby-sitter, an ex-girlfriend, Marianne Renoir , leaving his wife and children and bourgeois lifestyle. Following Marianne into her apartment and finding a corpse, Ferdinand soon discovers that Marianne is being chased by OAS gangsters, two of whom they barely escape. Pierrot , and Marianne go on a traveling crime spree from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea in the dead man's car. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run. Settling down in the French Riviera after having burnt the dead man's car  and sunk a second car into the Mediterranean Sea, their relationship becomes strained. Ferdinand ends up reading books, philosophizing and writing in his diary. Marianne becomes bored of the Robert Louis Stevenson-ness of their living situation and insists they return to town, where in a night-club they meet one of their pursuers. The gangsters waterboard Ferdinand and depart. In the confusion, Marianne and Ferdinand are separated, with Marianne traveling in search of Ferdinand and Ferdinand settling in Toulon. After their eventual reunion, Marianne uses Ferdinand to get a suitcase full of money before running away with her real boyfriend, to whom she had previously referred as her brother. Pierrot shoots Marianne and her boyfriend, and, in the climactic scene, paints his face blue and decides to blow himself up by tying sticks of red and yellow dynamite to his head. Regretting his decision at the last second, he tries to extinguish the fuse, but, due to the dynamite obstructing his vision, fails and is blown up."] ["At the beginning of the film, a woman is lying on a beach as if she has been washed up by the ocean. She climbs a tree with some difficulty, but when she finally reaches the top, she finds herself at the end of a long dining room table during a bourgeois dinner party. All the guests ignore her as she drags herself on top of the table and pulls herself across it, trying to reach a man at the opposite end who looks deeply concentrated on a chess game. When she finally gets to the man, he stands up and leaves the table; she looks disappointed and hopeless. The chess pieces begin to move by themselves, and one of the pawns falls on the floor. It floats down a waterfall and down a river. The woman chases it, climbing down the hill she had already passed. She then finds herself walking down a forest path; she begins talking and walking with a man, who in total is replaced four times by four different men . She follows the man into a house where all the furniture is covered with white blankets. She opens many doors, and in one room finds a bed on which a man is lying covered in a white blanket as if laid out in death. They stare at each other for some moments; then a cat leaps from her arms, and she turns her back and leaves. After walking through several doors, she finds herself on a hilltop, and climbs down to a dune field. Walking down the beach, she picks up stones, finding it hard to carry all of them at once. Then she finds two of the women who were at the dinner party in the beginning of the film playing chess on the beach. They are gossiping, having a good time while playing. The woman gets closer and watches them. She caresses their heads gently, making them lose their attention on the game. Then she takes a pawn from the game and runs across the dunes with her arms raised. While she runs, we see other versions of herself, at earlier stages in her journey; her other selves all glance at her. The film's final image is of the woman running down the beach, leaving her footprints behind her."] ['The film\'s tripartite structure is apparently inspired by the Divine Comedy of Dante; the film\'s three segments are titled "Realm 1: Hell", "Realm 2: Purgatory", and "Realm 3: Heaven". The first segment is a relatively brief, non-narrative montage composed of war footage, propaganda footage, and battle scenes from fictional films, constantly intercut, and accompanied by classical piano. The second segment, which is relatively straightforwardly narrative, makes up the bulk of the film. It tells the story of two young women visiting a European arts conference in Sarajevo: Judith Lerner , a journalist from Tel Aviv, and Olga Brodsky , a French-speaking Jew of Russian descent. Judith interviews the poet Mahmoud Darwish  at the conference, and surveys the city, visiting the Mostar bridge, where she reads Emmanuel Levinas . Olga makes a digital-video film of the conference, is visited by her uncle Ramos Garcia , who is translating for the conference, and attends a lecture on film by Godard . The Spanish writer Juan Goytisolo also appears as himself. The third segment, a brief postlude, shows Olga walking contemplatively through a quiet lakeside setting which appears to be guarded by American soldiers.'] ["In the not so distant future, the world is faced with a global catastrophe. A biological contaminant is released into the atmosphere and over the following years, decimates nearly ninety percent of the world's population. Fleeing the poisoned planet, humanity relocates to a space station orbiting the Earth. It is there that life continues with the hope of one day returning to the planet's surface. The film unfolds during the probate hearing determining the disposition of assets of the estate of Abel Edwards beta, the clone of the founder of the Edwards Corporation , the most successful entertainment conglomerate of the 20th Century. The EC included not only an enormously successful film and television studio, but also the Abel Edwards' Fantastic Wonderlands Theme Parks based on the characters populating Abel Edwards' animated films. Due to their extensive animatronic background, the EC has morphed into a manufacturer whose primary products are humanoid robots. But their market share has fallen sharply and sales have softened. They understand the need to develop a new market, but after several failed attempts, recognize they lack the intuition and imagination necessary for the success of such a bold course change. As a last-ditch effort, their marketing department develops a plan to clone their dead genius founder, Abel Edwards. They will not only grow a genetic replica, but they will infuse him with the same life-altering experiences that shaped the original man. Nature plus nurture, or something like it. Upon his 25th birthday, Edwards takes the reins of the company and rides a 20-year wave of success with every passing day. When the potential rival of the status quo career politician abruptly drops out of the race, Edwards sees his chance to expand beyond his defined boundaries and bring the 'Edwards Standard of Living' directly into people's living rooms, rather than maintaining a park to give them a transitory experience. When Edwards moves from a 'Celebrity Politician' to a front-running candidate, the power struggle reaches its breaking point. The Anti-Reality Organizations finally have their scapegoat. Needless to say, he loses the Senate race in a landslide. In one fell swoop, Edwards has lost his son, the Senate seat and his position as CEO of the company. Edwards commandeers a space shuttle and heads for the site of the original Able Edwards Fantastic Wonderland beginning a journey of no return."] ["During a water shortage, television programs are teaching various water-saving methods and encouraging the drinking of watermelon juice in place of water. However, everyone has their own solutions when it comes to finding water. In Hsiao-Kang and Shiang-chyi from Tsai's previous movie, What Time is it There?, the two characters meet again by chance and start a relationship."] ['A grainy voiced narrator recounts the events of the tornado while disturbing home-movie images play &mdash; mostly of the town\'s people. An adolescent boy, known as Bunny Boy, wears only pink bunny ears, shorts and tennis shoes on an overpass in the rain. A cat is carried by the scruff of its neck by a teenage boy. He drowns the cat in a barrel of water. The film then cuts to a different scene with the same boy Tummler, in a wrecked car with a girl. They fondle each other, and Tummler realizes there is a lump in one of the girl\'s breasts. Tummler and Solomon then ride down a hill on bikes. The narrator introduces Tummler as a boy with "a marvelous persona", whom some people call "downright evil". Later, Tummler aims an air rifle at a cat. His friend Solomon stops him from killing the cat, protesting that it is a house cat. They leave and the camera follows the cat to its owners\' house. The cat is owned by three sisters, two of whom are teenagers and one who is pre-pubescent. The film cuts back to Tummler and Solomon, who are hunting feral cats. They bring the cats to a local grocer, who intends to butcher and sell them to a local restaurant, and the grocer tells them that they have a rival in the cat killing business. They then buy glue from the grocer, which they use to get high via huffing. The film then cuts to a scene in which two young boys dressed as cowboys curse and destroy things in a junkyard. Bunny Boy arrives and the other boys shoot him "dead" with cap guns. Bunny Boy plays dead and the boys curse at him, rifle through his pockets, then remove and throw one of his shoes. They grow bored of this and leave him sprawled on the ground. Tummler and Solomon track down a local boy who is poaching "their" cats. The poacher, named Jarrod Wiggley, is poisoning the cats rather than shooting them. When Tummler and Solomon break into Jarrod\'s house with masks and weapons with intent to hurt him, they find photos of the young teen in drag and his elderly grandmother, who is catatonic and attached to life support machinery. The poacher Jarrod is forced to care for her, which he had earlier opined was "disgusting." Tummler\'s original intention was to hurt the poacher for killing the cats that they were killing for profit but he was not home. He then discovers the grandmother laying in her bed, opines that it is, "no way to live," and turns off the life support machine. A number of other scenes are interspersed throughout the film, including: an intoxicated man  flirting with a gay dwarf; a man pimping his Down Syndrome afflicted sister to Solomon and Tummler; the sisters encountering a child molester; a pair of twin boys selling candy door-to-door; a brief conversation with a tennis player who is treating his ADD; a long scene of Solomon eating dinner while taking a bath in brown water; a drunken party with arm- and chair-wrestling; and two skinhead brothers boxing each other in their kitchen. A number of even smaller scenes depicting satanic rituals, racist conversations, and some disturbing hygiene round out the film. The final scene in the movie is set to the song "Crying" by Roy Orbison, which had been previously mentioned by Tummler as the song his older brother would sing . The final scene involves Solomon and Tummler shooting the sisters\' cat repeatedly with their air rifles in the rain with jump cuts to Bunny Boy kissing the teenage girls in a swimming pool. The film ends with Bunny Boy running towards the camera through a field holding the body of the dead cat, which he displays prominently.'] ["The Yoshi family has just moved to the Tokyo suburbs, close to where the father Kennosuke's  direct boss, Iwasaki , is staying. Kennosuke's two young sons Keiji and Ryoichi  are supposed to be going to school, but owing to the threats of a group of neighborhood and school bullies, they decide to play truant. After the teacher speaks to their father, Keiji and Ryoichi have no choice but to go to school. They attempt to eat sparrow's eggs to get stronger so that they can get back at the boys, but an older delivery boy Kozou  decides to help them out to threaten the bullies, and they emerge as the top dogs amongst the gang. One of the neighborhood kids is Taro , whose father is Iwasaki himself. The boys argue amongst themselves who has the most powerful father. Not long after, they visit Taro's home, where the office workers have gathered under Iwasaki, who screens some home movies for the amusement of the gathering. The two brothers witness on film how their father, who to them is stern and whom they look up to, plays the buffoon before his colleagues and boss. Humiliated, they go home and decide that their father isn't such an important person after all. They throw a massive tantrum, and confront their father asking him why he has to grovel under Taro's father. Kennosuke answers that Taro's father is richer and holds a higher position than he does. Dissatisfied with this answer, the two decide to hold a hunger strike. Ryoichi gets a spanking from his father, but after the children has gone to bed, the father confides in the wife that he does not enjoy doing what he does. Both wish for a better future for their children. The next day, the children attempt a hunger strike during breakfast, but succumb to a dish of sweet cake. Kennosuke manages a reconciliation with them. The children say they would like to be a lieutenant general and a general respectively. On their way to school, they see Taro's father in a car, and they urge their father to go up and greet him. As Kennosuke takes a convenient car ride to work, the brothers walk to school with Taro and the rest of the gang."] ["A woman sees someone on the street as she is walking back to her home. She goes to her room and sleeps on a chair. As soon as she is asleep, she experiences a dream in which she repeatedly tries to chase a mysterious hooded figure with a mirror for a face but is unable to catch it. With each failure, she re-enters her house and sees numerous household objects including a key, a knife, a flower, a telephone and a phonograph. The woman follows the hooded figure to her bedroom where she sees the figure hide the knife under a pillow. Throughout the story, she sees multiple instances of herself, all bits of her dream that she has already experienced. The woman tries to kill her sleeping body with a knife but is awakened by a man. The man leads her to the bedroom and she realizes that everything she saw in the dream was actually happening. She notices that the man's posture is similar to that of the hooded figure when it hid the knife under the pillow. She attempts to injure him and fails. Towards the end, the man walks into the house and sees a broken mirror being dropped onto wet ground. He then sees the woman in the chair, who was previously sleeping, but is now dead. Directors Maya Deren and Alexander Hammid portrayed the role of the woman and the man."] ["{{Plot|dateFlashbackFlash-forward Back in the present, Fenix goes out to a field trip to a movie theater along with other patients, most of whom suffer from Down Syndrome. A pimp intercepts him and four others and persuades them to take cocaine and follow him to a large prostitute. On the way Fenix spots the Tattooed Woman, who is now a prostitute, and becomes filled with rage. The Tattooed Woman is also shown prostituting Alma, who manages to escape the house and runs away into the night. Back in the asylum, Fenix's armless mother Concha calls out for him from the street and he escapes by climbing down his cell window. The Tattooed Woman is then repeatedly stabbed and killed by a pair of womanly hands. Mother and son go on to put an act where he stands behind her and inserts his arms in her sleeves so that she pretends to have arms again. Together they perform mimicry and piano-playing. But soon enough Fenix realizes that his mother can literally take full control of his arms to do her bidding. This does not only include performing day-to-day acts such as eating or knitting, but also killing those women whom she deems a threat to her son. He is forced to kill a young woman in the fashion his father Orgo used to knife-throw, as well as a cross-dressing wrestler, whom he slashes with a sword. It is revealed in a dream that he has killed many more women, all of whose memories haunt him. Alma finds Fenix and together plan to run away from Concha and her house, now fashioned in a similar way to her demolished temple. She tries to force him to murder Alma as well, but after some struggle he manages to plunge a knife into Concha's stomach, apparently killing her. But she reveals to him that she will always be inside him, and vanishes. Through a series of flashbacks it is revealed that Concha actually died after being maimed by Orgo, and that Fenix has kept a mannequin in the fashion of his armless mother while performing both on stage and at home. He destroys the homemade temple and throws away the mannequin with the help of his hallucinated childhood friends, Aladin and the clowns. The police are waiting outside the house and order both Fenix and Alma to put their hands up. Both comply, and Fenix watches his own with awe as he does so. He has regained control of them."] ['A drama set in the days leading up to the 2008 Presidential election, and centered on a high-end Manhattan call girl meeting the challenges of her boyfriend, her clients, and her work. Chelsea  is a New York escort who specializes in offering the girlfriend experience. She finds that lately her clients are spending less and less on her services, and are troubled by the financial crisis, a topic they raise frequently in her company. She is also interviewed by a journalist, who quizzes her about her work and personal life. She goes from client to client performing her services.'] ['In 1982, Ari Folman was a 19-year-old infantry soldier in the Israel Defense Forces . In 2006, he meets with a friend from his army service period, who tells him of the nightmares connected to his experiences from the Lebanon War. Folman is surprised to find that he remembers nothing from that period. Later that night he has a vision from the night of the Sabra and Shatila massacre, the reality of which he is unable to recall. In his memory, he and his soldier comrades are bathing at night by the seaside in Beirut under the light of flares descending over the city. Folman rushes off to meet a childhood friend, who advises him to seek out other people who were in Beirut at the same time in order to understand what happened there and to revive his own memories. Folman converses with friends and other soldiers who served in the war, a psychologist, and the Israeli TV reporter Ron Ben-Yishai who covered Beirut at the time. Folman eventually realizes that he "was in the second or third ring" of soldiers surrounding the Palestinian refugee camp where the carnage was perpetrated, and that he was among those soldiers firing flares into the sky to illuminate the refugee camp for the Lebanese Christian phalange militia perpetrating the massacre inside. He concludes that his amnesia had stemmed from his feeling as a teenage soldier that he was as guilty of the massacre as those who actually carried it out and his childhood second-generation trauma as a son of a Nazi holocaust survivor of a concentration camp. The film ends with animation dissolving into actual footage of the aftermath of the massacre.'] ['The film\'s title, "The Pillow Book", refers to an ancient Japanese diary, the book of observations by {{Nihongo}}, actual name believed to be {{Nihongo}}, from whence the protagonist\'s name in the film. The film is narrated by Nagiko , a Japanese born model living in Hong Kong. Nagiko seeks a lover who can match her desire for carnal pleasure with her admiration for poetry and calligraphy. The roots of this obsession lie in her youth in Kyoto, when her father  would write characters of good fortune on her face. Nagiko\'s father celebrates her birthday retelling the Japanese creation myth and writing on her flesh in beautiful calligraphy, while her aunt  reads a list of "beautiful things" from Sei Shōnagon\'s the book of observations. Nagiko\'s aunt tells her that when she is twenty-eight years old, the official book of observations will be officially 1000 years old, and that she, Nagiko, will be the same age as Sei Shōnagon when she had written the book . Nagiko also learns around this time that her father is in thrall to his publisher, "Yaji-san" , who demands sexual favors from her father in exchange for publishing his work.  The publisher arranges Nagiko\'s wedding to his young apprentice. Her husband , an expert archer, resents Nagiko\'s love for books and her desire to read, in spite of his apprenticeship. He also refuses to indulge in her desires for pleasure, refusing to write on her body. When he discovers and reads Nagiko\'s pillow book, he is extremely resentful, setting it on fire and thus setting fire to their marital home, an event which Nagiko describes to be the \'first major fire of [her] life.\' Insulted and enraged, Nagiko leaves him for good. Hiding from her husband, Nagiko moves to Hong Kong. In spite of her aversion to the practice, she learns how to type in order to find work. Outside her apartment, a group of activists regularly protest the publishing industry for the depletion of forests due to the need to make paper. After working as a secretary in the office of a Japanese fashion designer for a while, Nagiko\'s employer takes a liking to her and makes her one of his models. As a successful fashion model, Nagiko hires a maid , as she now finally has the opportunity to explore her sexual desires of being written on. However, after several affairs, she feels dissatisfied with them all: either they have great penmanship and are lousy lovers, or vice-versa. One day, at the Cafe Typo, Nagiko\'s favorite haunt, she meets Jerome , a British translator. Intrigued by his knowledge, they go to a private space where she has Jerome write on her body in various languages. In spite of her interest, Nagiko dislikes Jerome\'s handwriting and orders him out. Jerome totally shocks Nagiko, however, when he asks her to teach him, offering her to write on his body. Opening his shirt, he offers Nagiko to "Use my body like the pages of a book. Of your book!". Nagiko has never considered this aspect in her desires before: her lovers always write on her body. When she backs out and runs, Jerome laughs at her. Frightened but very intrigued by Jerome\'s suggestion, Nagiko has several one-night stands in which she experiments writing on their bodies. One of the activists, admirer Hoki , a Japanese photographer who adores her, begs Nagiko to take him as a lover. She explains she can\'t, as his skin\'s no good for writing: whenever she writes on him, the ink smears and runs. Hoki, not wanting Nagiko to keep carrying on like she is, suggests she try writing a book, offering to take it to a renowned publisher he freelances for. Nagiko likes this idea and writes her first book. Nagiko\'s book is returned, being told the book is "not worth the paper it\'s written on!". Insulted, Nagiko follows the address on the envelope to confront the publisher. Nagiko is shocked to discover that the publisher who rejected her work is in fact Yaji-san, her father\'s old publisher. What\'s more, the publisher has a young lover: Jerome. Devising a plan, Nagiko decides that she will get to the publisher through Jerome. Meeting up with Jerome again, Nagiko discovers he has learned a few more languages, and his penmanship has greatly improved. Nagiko and Jerome spend several weeks exploring this, writing on each other and making love. Nagiko soon realizes that, in Jerome, she has found the perfect lover she has been searching for: the partner with whom she can share her physical and her poetic passion, using each other\'s bodies as tablets for their art.  Nagiko tells Jerome the truth and the whole story with the publisher. Jerome comes up with an idea: Nagiko will write her book on Jerome\'s body and Jerome will take it to the publisher. Nagiko loves the idea, and writes Book 1: The Book of The Agenda, in intricate characters of black, red, and gold, on Jerome, keeping her identity anonymous. The plan is a success: Jerome sees the publisher and exhibits the book on his nude body, and the impressed publisher has his scriveners copy down the text. After telling Nagiko of the plan\'s success, Jerome tells Nagiko that he\'ll return to her as soon as the publisher, who was extremely aroused by the experience, lets him go. However, during his time with the publisher, Jerome appears to lose track of time and doesn\'t return to Nagiko. Nagiko, jealous, impatient, and angry, searches for Jerome, eventually finding him making love with the publisher. Nagiko takes this as rejection and betrayal of the worst kind, and immediately plots revenge. On two Swedish tourists , Nagiko writes Book 2: The Book of The Innocent and Book 3: The Book of the Idiot. Shortly afterwards, an old man  is running naked through the streets from the publisher\'s shop, bearing Book 4: The Book of Impotence/Old Age. Book 5: The Book of the Exhibitionist is delivered by a boorish, fat, hyperactive American . Nagiko\'s revenge is a success. Jerome is furiously jealous, and comes to Nagiko\'s home to confront her. Nagiko refuses to meet him, however, and won\'t let Jerome in. Jerome\'s outrage soon turns to desperation as he begs her to talk to him, but she won\'t. Jerome sinks into deep depression and meets with Hoki at the Cafe Typo, desperate to find a way to get Nagiko to forgive him. Hoki suggests that he "scare" Nagiko by faking suicide, similar to the fake death scene in Romeo and Juliet and gives Jerome some pills. Arriving at Nagiko\'s home while she is away, Jerome takes some of the pills, then writes a page, as if writing a book. Each time he takes some pills, he writes another page, keeping track of how many pills he takes on each page. As the pills take effect, Jerome can write no more and lies on the bed, naked, holding a copy of Sei Shōnagon\'s the book of observations. The plan is a success: when Nagiko returns home and finds Jerome, she rushes to him, eager to renew their relationship and continue their plans. However, the plan has worked too well: Jerome has overdosed on the pills and is dead. Nagiko is devastated, and realizes how much she loved him. On his dead body, Nagiko writes Book 6: The Book of the Lovers. At Jerome\'s funeral, his mother , a snobbish, upper-class woman, tells Nagiko that Jerome always loved things that were "fashionable". When she suggests that was probably why Jerome loved Nagiko, Nagiko strikes her. After the funeral, the publisher secretly exhumes Jerome\'s body from the tomb and has Jerome\'s skin, still bearing the writing, flayed and made into a grotesque pillow book of his own. Nagiko, now back in Japan, learns of the publisher\'s actions and becomes distraught and outraged. She sends a letter to the publisher, still keeping her identity a secret, demanding that particular book from the publisher\'s hands in exchange for the remaining books. The publisher, now obsessed with his mysterious writer and her work, agrees.  Nagiko, now pregnant with Jerome\'s child, writes Book 7: The Book of The Seducer on a male messenger. The writing on him is almost destroyed and undecipherable when the publisher accidentally leaves the messenger out in the rain. Book 8: The Book of Youth is delivered as a series of photographs. A young Buddhist monk  then arrives bearing Book 9: The Book of Secrets written on all his "secret" spots: in between his fingers and toes, the insides of his thighs, etc.; the book is presented in the form of riddles. When the next messenger  arrives, he is completely bare: no writing at all. The publisher and staff search for any hint of writing on the messenger\'s naked body. As the publisher dismisses him as a hoax, the man sticks out his tongue, bearing Book 10: The Book of Silence. The activists\' protests come to an end when their truck hits a young wrestler  bearing Book 11: The Book of The Betrayed, right outside the publisher\'s office. The next messenger  simply drives by the office, giving little time to copy down Book 12: The Book of False Starts. Finally, Book 13: The Book of the Dead arrives on the body of a Sumo wrestler . In the book writing on the body of the messenger, which the publisher carefully reads, Nagiko finally reveals her identity, confronting the publisher with his crimes: blackmailing and disgracing her father, "corrupting" her husband, as well as Jerome, and what he\'s done to Jerome\'s corpse. The publisher, greatly shamed and humbled by being confronted with his guilt, hands the pillow book made of Jerome\'s skin to the messenger, then has the messenger slit his throat. Upon recovering the book made out of Jerome\'s skin, Nagiko buries it under a Bonsai tree and life goes on. She has given birth to Jerome\'s child , and is shown in the epilogue writing on her child\'s face, like her father used to do when she was young, and quoting from her own pillow book. It is now Nagiko\'s 28th birthday. Nagiko\'s bi-cultural heritage plays a key role in this film. As a half-Chinese and half-Japanese woman, Nagiko navigates her dual cultures through physical and psychological exploration. Greenaway portrays this exploration subtly by mixing and switching Asian iconography.'] ['The film is told in eight straight chapters: *Chapter ONE: In which we happen upon Manderlay and meet the people there *Chapter TWO: "The freed enterprise of Manderlay" *Chapter THREE: "The Old Lady\'s Garden" *Chapter FOUR: In which Grace means business *Chapter FIVE: "Shoulder to Shoulder" *Chapter SIX: Hard times at Manderlay *Chapter SEVEN: "Harvest" *Chapter EIGHT: In which Grace settles with Manderlay and the film ends Set in the early 1930s, the film takes up the story of Grace  and her father  after burning the town of Dogville at the end of the previous film. Grace and her father travel in convoy with a number of gunmen through rural Alabama where they stop briefly outside a plantation called Manderlay. As the gangsters converse, a black woman emerges from Manderlay\'s front gates complaining that someone is about to be whipped for stealing a bottle of wine. Grace enters the plantation and learns that within it, slavery persists, roughly 70 years after the American Civil War and the Emancipation Proclamation. Grace is appalled, and insists on staying at the plantation with a small contingent of gunmen and her father\'s lawyer, Joseph, in order to guarantee the slaves\' safe transition to freedom. Shortly after Grace\'s father and the remaining gangsters depart, Mam , the master of the house, dies, but not before asking Grace to burn a notebook containing "Mam\'s Law," an exhaustive code of conduct for the entire plantation and all its inhabitants, free and slave. She reads the descriptions of each variety of slave that can be encountered, which include: *Group 1: Proudy Nigger *Group 2: Talkin\' Nigger *Group 3: Weepin\' Nigger *Group 4: Hittin\' Nigger *Group 5: Clownin\' Nigger *Group 6: Loser Nigger *Group 7: Pleasing Nigger  The principal seven divisions are each populated by a single adult slave at Manderlay, who congregate daily and converse on a "parade ground," with roman numerals of the numbers 1 through 7 designating where each slave stands. "Mam\'s Law" contains further provisions against the use of cash by slaves, or the felling of trees on the property for timber. All of this information disgusts Grace, and inspires her to take charge of the plantation in order to punish the slave owners and prepare the slaves for life as free individuals. In order to guarantee that the former slaves will not continue to be exploited as sharecroppers, Grace orders Joseph to draw up contracts for all Manderlay\'s inhabitants, institutionalizing a communistic form of cooperative living in which the white family works as slaves and the blacks collectively own the plantation and its crops. Throughout this process, Grace lectures all those present about the notions of freedom and democracy, using rhetoric entirely in keeping with the ideology of racial equality which most contemporary Americans had yet to embrace. However as the film progresses, Grace fails to embed these principles in Manderlay\'s community in a form she considers satisfactory. Furthermore, her suggestions for improving the conditions of the community backfire on several occasions, such as using the surrounding trees for timber, which leaves the crops vulnerable to dust storms. After a year of such tribulations, the community harvests its cotton and successfully sells it, marking the high point of Grace\'s involvement. Subsequently she unenthusiastically has sex with one of the ex-slaves who also steals and gambles away all of the cotton profits. Finally admitting her failure, Grace contacts her father and attempts to leave the plantation only to be stopped by the plantation\'s blacks. At this point it is revealed that "Mam\'s Law" was not conceived and enforced by Mam or any of the other whites, but instead by Wilhelm , the community\'s eldest member, as a means of maintaining the status quo after the abolition of slavery, protecting the blacks from a hostile outside world. As in many von Trier films, the idealistic main character becomes frustrated by the reality he or she encounters.'] ['A man gives his girlfriend an ultimatum: to drop her career to start a family or he will leave her. She begins to question the relationship realizing maybe she was dense.'] ['According to Reggio, the film has no screenplay per se, but three movements (like [[movement  with different themes:Rotten Tomatoes website: Reviews and long article on Naqoyqatsi, with input and quotations from Godfrey Reggio and Philip Glass: # Numerica.com: Language and place gives way to numerical code and virtual reality. # Circus maximus: Competition, winning, records, fame, “fair play” and the love of money are elevated to the prime values of life. Life becomes a game. # Rocketship twentieth century: A world that language can no longer describe. The resulting explosive tempo of technology is war, civilized violence.'] ['In The Element of Crime, an English detective named Fisher , who has become an expatriate living in Cairo, undergoes hypnosis in order to recall his last case. The Europe of his dreamlike recollection is a dystopia, dark and decaying. Fisher remembers pursuing an elusive killer called the "Lotto Murderer", who was strangling and then mutilating young girls who were selling lottery tickets. He attempts to track down the killer using the controversial methods outlined in a book entitled The Element of Crime, written by his disgraced mentor, Osborne . He is joined in his search by a prostitute named Kim , who, it turns out, has had a child by his target. Fisher\'s search is based on a tailing report written by Osborne when trying to track down a murderer who had been killing in the same way as the "Lotto Murderer", but who, supposedly, has since died in a crash. The Osborne method requires the detective to try to identify with the mind of the killer. This he does, but, in so doing, begins to behave more and more like a serial killer himself.'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Gordon Cole  calling Agent Chester Desmond  about the mysterious murder of Teresa Banks in the town of Deer Meadow. Cole introduces Chester to his new partner, Sam Stanley , and they receive clues from Lil the dancer. While Chet explains most of the clues given by the appearance of Lil to Sam, he does not explain the blue rose. After difficulty with the local police force, Desmond and Stanley eventually view Teresa\'s body at a morgue, realizing that her ring is missing and that a letter "T" has been placed under her fingernail. Desmond and Stanley learn about the victim\'s recent past from the town residents. Stanley leaves Deer Meadow after he finishes his part in the investigation, while Desmond remains behind. Desmond later vanishes after picking up Teresa\'s ring in the trailer park where she lived. The following day at FBI headquarters in Philadelphia, long-lost Agent Phillip Jeffries  re-appears. He questions Dale Cooper\'s identity before telling Cole about a meeting he witnessed in a dream. As he explains, we see images of the Man from Another Place, BOB, Mrs. Chalfont and her grandson. Jeffries begins to scream and disappears as we see shots of electrical lines. Desmond is reported missing and Agent Dale Cooper  is sent to Deer Meadow to investigate his disappearance. He sees the words "Let\'s Rock" on the windshield of Desmond\'s car. The clues to Teresa Banks\' murder lead to a dead end. Cooper is certain her killer will strike again. One year later in Twin Peaks, high school homecoming queen Laura Palmer  and Donna Hayward  return to school. Laura takes cocaine and secretly meets with James Hurley ([[James Marshall . After school, Laura talks with Donna about the difference between Hurley and Laura\'s actual boyfriend, Bobby Briggs . Later that day, Laura realizes pages are missing from her secret diary, and tells her friend, the agoraphobic Harold Smith , about it. She claims BOB took the pages. Harold tells Laura that BOB is not real. Laura argues that BOB is real and says that he told her that if she does not let him be her, he will kill her. When Harold argues, Laura says "fire walk with me", her face changing color. Returning to normal and visibly shaken, Laura gives Harold her diary to keep. She leaves, stating she does not know when, or if, she will return. Meanwhile, Cooper tells fellow agent Albert Rosenfield  he believes the killer will strike again and describes the appearance of who he believes the victim will be. During her Meals on Wheels rounds, Laura sees Mrs. Chalfont  and her grandson. Chalfont gives Laura a painting, and her grandson informs Laura that the "man behind the mask" is in Laura\'s room. Laura runs home, where she sees BOB. After Laura rushes outside in terror, she sees her father, Leland , emerge from the house. Laura then realises her father could be BOB. Later that evening, when the Palmer family is about to eat, Leland, upon seeing the half-heart necklace, menaces Laura and questions her about her "lovers." Looking at her finger, Leland insinuates there is dirt underneath the nail. Later, Leland sits on the edge of his bed and suddenly begins to weep. He goes into his daughter\'s bedroom and tells her that he loves her. After he is gone, Laura looks to a picture of an angel on her wall, asking if Leland is really BOB. Remembering the painting she received from Chalfont that she left on the front lawn, Laura goes outside to get it. After hanging it on her wall, she falls asleep. She dreams about entering the Black Lodge and about a ring. Suddenly Cooper enters the room and we see the Man from Another Place. He tells Cooper that he  is "the arm" and he utters an Indian Whooping sound. The Man from Another Place offers the ring to Laura but Cooper tells her not to take the ring. Laura finds Annie Blackburn ([[Heather Graham  next to her in bed, covered in blood. Annie tells Laura in her diary that "the good Dale"  is trapped in the Black Lodge and can\'t leave. Laura sees the ring in her hand and is frightened. Hearing the muffled cry of her mother, Laura goes to her bedroom door. She is suddenly in the painting. When she turns she sees herself sleeping peacefully in her bed. Laura awakens in the morning, and the ring is gone from her hand. Disturbed, she removes the painting from her wall. Meanwhile, Bobby, Leo, and Jacques Renault discuss drug scores. Bobby first phones Leo asking to score more drugs, but Leo hangs up on him. Bobby then calls Jacques at the Roadhouse who agrees to send someone to meet with him in "two days midnight at the sound of sawing wood." That evening, Laura is ready to go to the Roadhouse when Donna tells her of her wish to accompany her, but Laura says she is not invited. As Laura is about to enter the bar, she encounters the Log Lady. Inside the bar, Jacques introduces Laura to two men. The group is about to leave for the Pink Room to have sex, but Donna shows up and wants to come too; impressed by her "audition" kiss, they let her. In the Pink Room, Laura discusses Teresa Banks\' murder with Ronette Pulaski , mentioning the girl\'s hopes of becoming rich by blackmailing someone, then engages in oral sex with the men. Laura is distraught, not with seeing Donna topless but with the jacket she is wearing. It is Laura\'s jacket. Jacques Renault carries her out and Laura and takes her home. The next morning, Laura tells Donna that she does not want Donna to become like her. Leland arrives, becomes blank faced and has a memory of Ronette and Laura laughing on a bed together. Leland takes Laura to breakfast. On the way there, MIKE , the one-armed man, shouts madly at Leland from his pick up truck during a traffic jam at the stoplight in town. Mike accuses Leland of stealing corn. He tells Laura "The look on her face when it was opened… There was a stillness like the formica table top." He shouts at Leland that "the thread will be torn". Showing Laura the ring, Mike attempts to tell her that her father is BOB but both Leland and Laura scream, preventing her from hearing. Leland pulls into a gas station parking lot to gather his wits and recalls his affair with Teresa. After having set up a foursome with Teresa\'s friends, Leland had fled in fear, discovering that Laura was one of them. This led to Teresa discovering who her "John" really was. Leland was the man she was blackmailing. Sensing a change in her father\'s behaviour, Laura questions him about seeing him on the day she found BOB looking for the diary. Later that night, Laura realizes that the ring she saw was the same one from her dream. Leland remembers killing Teresa. The next night, Laura and Bobby take cocaine in the woods, and Jacques sends a drug messenger who is the Sherriff\'s deputy from Deer Meadow, carrying an enormous amount of cocaine. The messenger takes out a gun intending to kill him, but Bobby shoots him and futilely tries to bury him as Laura laughs, high on drugs. The following morning, James worries about Laura taking drugs. Leland gives Sarah Palmer valium to sedate her. After she drifts off to an undisturbed sleep, Leland walks into the hallway to turn on the fan. BOB comes through Laura\'s window and begins raping her. She realizes that BOB has taken over her father. The next morning, distraught, she warns Leland to stay away from her. Upset over the realization her father is actually BOB, Laura cannot concentrate at school. Laura later refuses sex with Bobby, and he finally realizes that Laura was using him to get the cocaine. Still caring for Laura and sensing her pain, Bobby gives her his own drugs. The Angel in Laura\'s painting disappears. In the woods. Laura tells James "his Laura" is gone. Screaming that she loves him, Laura runs away from James deeper into the woods. Laura meets Ronette, Jacques, and Leo, and they hold an orgy in Jacques\' cabin as Leland watches from outside. Jacques wants to have hard sex, and ties Laura up. Leland attacks Jacques outside, and Leo flees in panic. Leland takes Laura and Ronette, both bound, to the train car. Meanwhile, Mike realizes that BOB/Leland is about to kill again and chases after him. As he is tying Laura up a second time, she asks Leland if he is going to kill her. He does not answer. Leland places a mirror in front of her. She screams after seeing her reflection turn into BOB. BOB is real. He tells Laura that he wants her. Ronette prays. She breaks down stating that she is not ready because she is "dirty". Suddenly an angel appears in the train car as all actions stop. The angel causes both Ronette and Laura\'s hands to become unbound. Hearing Mike outside begging to be let in, Ronette, now free, is able to help him open the door. When Leland sees Ronette trying to let him in, he knocks her unconscious and kicks her out of the train car. Mike is able to use this moment to throw in his ring. Laura, whose hands are also free now, wears the ring, preventing BOB from becoming her. Angered that he can\'t be her, BOB kills her as he promised by stabbing her repeatedly. BOB/Leland places Laura\'s body in the lake. As her corpse drifts away, BOB/Leland enters the Black Lodge, where he encounters Mike and the Man from Another Place . They tell BOB that they want all their garmonbozia . BOB heals Leland\'s wound. Laura\'s body washes up on the lake shore where it is found by the Sheriff\'s department the following morning. Laura\'s spirit later sits in the Black Lodge, and notices Agent Cooper at her side, who has a hand on her shoulder. Laura looks deeply saddened until her angel appears, and she begins to cry, and then laugh. The film ends with Laura\'s face in white.'] ["Smith explains: The first part depicts the heroine's toothache consequent to the loss of a very valuable watermelon, her dentistry and transportation to heaven. Next follows an elaborate exposition of the heavenly land, in terms of Israel and Montreal. The second part depicts the return to Earth from being eaten by Max Müller on the day Edward VII dedicated the Great Sewer of London."] ['Leda Nea is a scientist working for the Göln Remedios laboratory. Following the death of her daughter, Leda volunteers as a test subject in a series of experiments designed to mesh human and machine.'] ["As with Chris Marker's La Jetee, a man is selected to participate in time travel experiments to his personal past. However, due to equipment malfunction, he experiences these events out of chronological sequence, cause and effect."] ['In Jubilee, Queen Elizabeth I  is transported forward in time by the occultist John Dee  through the spirit guide Ariel . Elizabeth arrives in the shattered Britain of the 1970s. Queen Elizabeth II is dead, killed in an arbitrary mugging, and Elizabeth I moves through the social and physical decay of the city observing the activities of a group of sporadic nihilists, including Amyl Nitrite ([[Jordan , Bod , Chaos , Crabs , and Mad . Numerous punk icons appear in the film including Jordan , Toyah Willcox, Nell Campbell, Adam Ant, Demoriane and Wayne County. It features performances by Wayne County and Adam and the Ants. There are also cameo appearances by The Slits and Siouxsie and the Banshees. The film was scored by Brian Eno.'] ['The film is set in London on the third or fourth anniversary of a nuclear war which lasted two minutes and twenty-eight seconds, including signing the peace treaty. Three  years after the nuclear holocaust, the survivors wander amidst the debris. Penelope is 17 months pregnant and lives with her lover, Alan, and her parents in a tube train on the  Circle Line. Other survivors include Captain Bules Martin, who holds a "Defeat of England" medal, as he was unable to save Buckingham Palace from disintegration during the war. Lord Fortnum  is fearful that he will mutate into the "bed sitting room" of the title. Mate is a fireguard, except that there is nothing left to burn. Shelter Man is a Regional Seat of Government who survived the war in a fallout shelter and spends his days looking at old films  and reminiscing about the time he shot his wife and his mother as they pleaded with him to let them in his shelter. Similarly, the "National Health Service" is the name of a male nurse, although overwhelmed by the extent of the war. Finally, there are two policemen, who hover overhead in the shell of a Morris Minor Panda car that has been made into a makeshift balloon, and shout "keep moving" at any survivors they see to offset the \'danger\' of them becoming a \'target\' in the unlikely event of another outbreak of hostilities. Lord Fortnum travels to 29 Cul de Sac Place and actually does become a bed sitting room. Penelope\'s mother is provided with a death certificate, after which she turns into a wardrobe. Penelope is forced to marry Martin because of his "bright future", despite her love for Alan. Her father is initially selected to become Prime Minister due to "his inseam measurements," but unfortunately, he mutates into a parrot and is eaten due to the starvation conditions that prevail. Penelope finally gives birth, but her monstrous mutant progeny dies. It emerges that Martin is impotent, so he yields marriage consummation to Alan. Penelope has a second child, which is normal, and there is an indication of hope for the future of the country amidst the devastation when it transpires that a team of surgeons have developed a cure for the mutations involving full-body transplant. Finally, a military band pays homage to Mrs. Ethel Shroake of 393A High Street, Leytonstone, the late Queen\'s former charwoman, and closest in succession to the throne.'] ['In 19th century Senegal, the Ceddo  try to preserve their traditional culture against the onslaught of Islam, Christianity, and the slave trade. When local king Demba War sides with the Muslims, the Ceddo abduct his daughter, Dior Yacine, to protest their forced conversion to Islam. After trying to rescue the princess, various heirs to the throne are killed, and Demba War is killed during the night. Eventually the kidnappers are killed and Dior Yacine is brought back to the village to confront the imam, just as all the villagers are being given Muslim names.'] ["A young American man  living in Paris scratches out a living as a Michael Jackson look-alike, dancing on the streets, public parks, tourist spots and trade shows. During a show in an old people's home, he meets Marilyn Monroe . Haunted by her angelic beauty, he follows her to a commune in the Scottish Highlands, joining her husband Charlie Chaplin  and her daughter Shirley Temple . Here, The Pope , The Queen , Madonna , James Dean ([[Joseph Morgan , and other impersonators build a stage in the hope that the world will visit and watch them perform. When the play goes bust, Marilyn kills herself and Michael moves back to Paris, leaving open the question of whether he will quit his life as an impersonator. A second plotline concerns a convent of nuns, in what seems to be a Third World country. One of the nuns survives a fall from an airplane during a mission to deliver food to villages, and discovers that if you are true of heart, God will protect you. All the nuns then begin jumping from planes to show they are true of heart and protected by God. This storyline ends with the nuns being invited to the Vatican to meet the Pope himself, but the plane crashes in the ocean, killing everyone on board."] [' A man  is a prisoner in the aftermath of the Third World War, in a destroyed, post-apocalyptic Paris where survivors live underground in the Palais de Chaillot galleries. Scientists research time travel, hoping to send test subjects to different time periods "to call past and future to the rescue of the present". They have difficulty finding subjects who can mentally withstand the shock of time travel, but eventually settle upon the prisoner, whose key to the past is a vague but obsessive memory, from his pre-war childhood, of a woman  he had seen on the observation platform  at Orly Airport shortly before witnessing a startling incident there. He had not understood exactly what happened, but knew he had seen a man die. After several attempts, he reaches the pre-war period. He meets the woman from his memory, and they develop a romantic relationship. After his successful passages to the past, the experimenters attempt to send him into the far future. In a brief meeting with the technologically advanced people of the future, he is given a power unit sufficient to regenerate his own destroyed society. Upon his return, with his mission accomplished, he discerns that he is to be executed by his jailers. He is contacted by the people of the future, who offer to help him escape to their time permanently, but he asks instead to be returned to the pre-war time of his childhood, hoping to find the woman again. He is returned and does find her, on the jetty at the airport. However, as he rushes to her, he notices an agent of his jailers who has followed him and realises the agent is about to kill him. In his final moments, he comes to understand that the incident which he witnessed as a child, which has haunted him for his entire life, was his own death.'] ["{{Expand section}} In an apartment somewhere in Sweden, a woman, a man and his friend are recording an amateur porn movie, while the one man's teenage son is trying to stay out of their way in his room. As time progresses, their filming gets out of hand. All the while, the father is concerned that his son has no respect for him, and the son is concerned about how his father treats the woman."] ['A young man  is reincarnated every 25 years, with each life ending in a stay at a mission hotel. There he meets characters from his first life, all of whom are doomed to relive their roles in his life  as well. The cycle will end when his spirit reaches a state of perfection by purging its negative  impulses. Actor John Carradine is The Walker of The World, an otherworldly poet who is there to observe, and record for posterity, the proceedings.'] ['The film is set in the early 20th century Australian outback, where four men are following an Aboriginal man who has been accused of murder. The characters in the film are referred to by their characters rather than by names, they are: * The Tracker , * The Fanatic , * The Follower , * The Veteran  and * The Fugitive .{{Cite news}}.'] [' The film is about what the routine of everyday life can do to the human mind and psyche. It also reflects on the importance of the choices we make and how limited these choices are in the first place. The plot evolves around a family of four. They live in the suburbs, in a strange villa that appears, through a complex game of mirrors, to be more like a piece of installation art than a real house. The main character, who hardly appears on screen, is the son, a man in his thirties. Suffering from asthma and eczema since childhood, he uses his condition to manipulate his parents and his sister. Thus the existence of the terrorized family turns into an endless ritual of attempting to satisfy his whims, and always on the alert for yet another one of his “health crises”. Las Meninas resembles the scattered pieces of a puzzle. It is up to the viewer to assemble them in order to form his very own picture – something that makes the film itself personal and unique.'] ["Soft and Hard brings to light questions regarding images and language, in film and television, but does not necessarily set out to answer the questions. Soft and Hard is one of many video projects Godard experimented with during this time of his career. There are several key scenes during Soft and Hard that directly correlate with the questions being asked about TV compared to film. The video starts with the words Soft and Hard appearing in text on the screen. Godard and Miéville then use voiceover of them speaking while random images appear on the screen. A slow motion shot of Godard swinging a tennis racquet follows. Godard and Miéville proceed to a conversational interview that never resolves anything or settles on one correct idea regarding image, but brings to light issues. The conversation-style interview between Godard and Miéville has many elements that are counter to modern-day television interviewing techniques. The lighting for the interview is a single lamp placed on the end table between Godard and Miéville, a technique opposite that of traditional television lighting. The lengthy conversational interview between Godard and Miéville is one extremely long take that has no reverse shot. The entire interview is a cross shot with Godard's back at the camera, but never the reverse angle where the audience could see his face. This is the most obvious element during the interview that is seen as an opposite traditional television interviewing technique. After the interview, the last scene is a shot of a television. As the camera slowly zooms in on the television, it appears as if someone is channel surfing. At the end the channel stops on a shot from Godard's film, Contempt. We see a cameraman panning across the screen finally stopping as if he were shooting at the audience. The shot in Soft and Hard then pans to a blank wall where Contempt is now being projected. Miéville proceeds to walk in front of the projector still playing Contempt, revealing her shadow. Godard then joins her as they hold their arms out making shadows. Soft and Hard ends with the shot of Contempt projected on the wall as Godard says “Where has it all gone, all those projects, all those projects to grow, to be enlarged into subjects?” This is followed by Miéville's lines: “It is hard to say”. Then, finally, Godard says “Hard to say” . It fades to black and the credits begin to roll."] ["To the Viscountess of Noailles. I dedicate these pictures which can never reveal the extent of her kindness and charm. How two travellers arrived in St. Bernard, what they saw in the ruins of an old castle on top of which a modern-time castle stands. The travellers: MAN RAY, J.-A. Boiffard. The film opens from a night scene to two masked individuals at a cafe. They decide their actions on the role of dice.  A throw of dice will never abolish chance.  The hands are that of mannequins, their faces devoid of detail. Before the throw, their destination appears on a hillside in the form of both modern and ancient castles.  Are we going? We're not going We're going!  And their journey begins. Departing from their cafe, they travel through the French countryside arriving a the town of Hyères and their destination to find the modern castle empty. Elements of the interior explore various spatial relationships and textures. The film shows sculptures by Pablo Picasso and Joan Miró, as well as exploring the unique Cubist garden at Villa Noailles. After a while, we are introduced to four intruders who are in turn resigning their fate to that of the dice. Upon their throw, they depart for the indoor swimming pool at the villa and entertain the viewer with various diving and gymnastic movements, including a woman juggling underwater and exercising with medicine balls. Actors explore the villas confines, until they eventually retire, fading from the screen. More moving shots of the villas external until two more travellers arrive at the location, again playing for chance within the garden. They proceed to stay overnight, bringing the film to an abrupt end."] ['The film opens with a man , cutting open a massive gash in his leg and then shoving a large threaded steel rod into the wound. Later, upon seeing maggots festering in the wound, he screams, runs out into the street, and is hit by a car. The driver of the car, a Japanese businessman , and his girlfriend  try to cover up the mess by dumping the body into a ravine, but the dumped man gets revenge by forcing the businessman\'s body to gradually metamorphose into a walking pile of scrap metal. This process starts when the driver finds a piece of metal stuck in his cheek while shaving. He tries to remove it, but realizes it is growing from the inside. The scene shifts to the businessman at his home having breakfast, with a bandage over his cheek. The businessman receives a phone call, consisting of nothing but him and the other speaker  continuously saying "Hello?" to each other and thinking back to having sex after dumping the Metal Fetishist. The first of several highly stylized chase scenes starts with the driver pursued through an underground train station by a woman whose body has been taken over by the Metal Fetishist. The businessman seems to win this encounter by breaking the back of the radically transformed woman  after even more metal has erupted on his ankles and arm. The next segment is a terrifying dream sequence where the businessman\'s girlfriend, transformed into an exotic dancer with a snake-like metal probe, terrorizes and rapes the businessman. After waking from this dream, the businessman and his girlfriend have sex at his apartment and eat erotically. As she eats each bite given to her, he hears the sounds of metal scraping. The businessman suddenly discovers his penis has mutated into a gargantuan power drill. A fight ensues where the businessman terrorizes his girlfriend, and acquires more and more metal on his body. She fights back and in the end impales herself on his drill and dies. Helpless to do anything, the businessman, now the Iron Man, is visited by the Metal Fetishist, who emerges from his dead girlfriend\'s corpse to show him a vision of a "New World" of nothing but metal and turn his cats into grotesque metal creatures. The Iron Man flees and is followed by the Metal Fetishist into an abandoned building. After the Metal Fetishist explains to the Iron Man how both of them became what they are, a final battle ensues. The Iron Man ends by attempting to merge himself with the Fetishist into a horrific two-headed metal monster. The two agree to turn the whole world into metal and rust it, scattering it into the dust of the universe by claiming "Our love can put an end to this fucking world. Let\'s Go!" The duo charges through the streets of Japan in a horrific fusion of the two men and the accumulated metal, in a largely phallic form. The film ends with the words "GAME OVER" as opposed to "The End" after the closing credits.'] ['William Lee is an exterminator who finds that his wife Joan is stealing his insecticide  to use as a drug. When Lee is arrested by the police, he begins hallucinating because of "bug powder" exposure. He believes he is a secret agent whose controller  assigns him the mission of killing Joan, who is an agent of an organization called Interzone Incorporated. Lee dismisses the bug and its instructions and kills it. He returns home to find Joan sleeping with Hank, one of his writer friends. Shortly afterwards, he accidentally kills her while attempting to shoot a drinking glass off of her head in imitation of William Tell. Having inadvertently accomplished his "mission", Lee flees to Interzone. He spends his time writing reports for his imaginary handler, and it is these documents which, at the insistence of his literary colleagues, eventually become the titular book. Whilst Lee is under the influence of assorted mind-altering substances, his typewriter, a Clark Nova, becomes a giant talking insect which tells him to find Dr. Benway, by seducing Joan Frost, who is a doppelgänger of his dead wife. After coming to the conclusion that Dr. Benway is, in fact, the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called "black meat" which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes, Lee completes his report and flees Interzone to Annexia with Joan Frost. Stopped by the Annexian border patrol and instructed to prove that he is a writer as he claims, Lee produces a pen. As this is insufficient proof for passage he inexplicably offers a demonstration of his William Tell routine using a glass atop Joan Frost\'s head. He again misses badly and thus re-enacts the earlier killing of his wife. He is then allowed to enter Annexia.'] ['Together with his teenage sister and a horde of orphans, young Guy Maddin lazes away his under-stimulated youth on the mysterious island he will someday inherit. In the lighthouse orphanage in which they all live, their every move is watched over by their overbearing and tyrannical mother while their father, a scientist and inventor, works away secretively in the basement. When new adoptive parents discover mysterious head wounds on their children, teen detective Wendy Hale - one half of a famous brother and sister sleuth team known as the "Lightbulb Kids" - visits the island to launch an investigation. Guy is weak-kneed as he falls for Wendy, however a game of spin the bottle with Sis awakens homosexual feelings in Wendy. She then disguises herself as her sleuth brother Chance. Sis falls for Chance, a love which must be kept from Mother at all costs. As the investigation progresses, the kids are led into the darkest regions of revelation and repression as the terrible secrets of Guy\'s family are revealed.'] ['The film is separated into four stories. The first story involves André  who takes his 16-year old cousin  to the beach to perform fellatio on him in tune to the waves of the incoming tide. The second story is titled Thérése Philosophe and involves a teenage country girl  who intermingles sexual desires in her imagination with her dedication to Christ after being locked in her room. The third story features Elizabeth Báthory  as a Countess who murders young girls in order to gain eternal youth by bathing in their blood. The final story involves the daughter of Pope Alexander VI, Lucrezia Borgia , having sex with her male relatives.'] ["The story is mainly about an eleven year old child named Des. Des and his friends commit a variety of illegal activities like vandalism, stealing, lighting fires, mug people and use drugs. In Canada, the age of criminal responsibility is twelve. Des takes advantage of this law because he knows that the police cannot charge him because of his young age. When Des meets Cory, they become good friends and start a crime spree, feeling like nothing can stop them. Eventually, Des's mother admits she can't handle her child, and Des ends up in an assessment centre for troubled children. In the centre he meets Rita, a psychologist who tries to understand Des's motivations, and over time gets some positive results on his behaviour. But when Rita informs Des that they are trying to find him a foster home, Des flees as soon as his friend Cory visits him. They both want to get out of the city and plan to rob Chet, the local dealer. During the robbery, Des accidentally kills Chet and threatens Cory. In the end, Cory is afraid for Des and wants nothing more to do with him. Des, still on the run because of his escape, goes to his home, sets the house on fire, and conceals himself in his personal hideout, the closet drawing and falls asleep as the house is on fire."] ['Claudine is a British art scholar who has a terminal case of throat cancer. She is in Venice to give a lecture on the Bosch triptych from which the film gets its name. Claudine is accompanied in Venice by her lover, Chris, a nautical engineer. Together they explore the canals of Venice. Chris has brought his video camera, and the audience watches Claudine and Chris hang out, make love, swim, converse, rent an apartment, and recreate vignettes from the triptych.'] ['An old man named Archie Anthony Quinn hires seven servants of both genders and different races to get connected to him by plugging up his body openings until his last breath. The servants stay connected to the old man\'s body for the next ten days. They eat, sleep, and even go to the bathroom and fight thieves together. They overcome many difficulties by staying "united", until finally, an opera singer arrives to plug up his final facial opening and take the last breath away from him . Archie dies in peace, pleasure and harmony because he has the people around him "united" at last, even if it is only a "bodily" unification and through him as the catalyst.'] ["A homeless schizophrenic , thinks he's an alien zombie sent to earth. Roaming the streets of Los Angeles in search of dead bodies, he tries to bring the dead back to life by engaging in homosexual sex."] ['Three views of the film camera appear "as if in a technical drawing. It then proceeds to examine the bridge from all angles."<ref nameJoris Ivens |authorhttp://archive.sensesofcinema.com/contents/directors/05/ivens.html#b1|publisherSeptember |year2 August 2010}} The bridge is shown in ultrawide format, then wide, then in close-up, from a train rider\'s viewpoint. The view shifts to outside the train looking down at the harbor water far below, then to clouds of steam obscuring and revealing the bridge\'s steel structure. A worker ascends, inspects, observes the surrounding environs, and descends the superstructure. From a vantage point between two train cars coupled together, the countryside flits by as the train makes its way to the bridge. The bridgemaster at the control console commands the raising of the central section, and the massive alignment grooves, pulleys, cables, and counterweights are all detailed in their steady synchronized operation until the bridge\'s maximum height of 38 meters is reached. Sailing and steam ships then make their way through, while the steam train waits, puffing. The bridge descends, the counterweights rise, and the train continues on its way.'] ['An unnamed narrator , who as a teenager intended to be the "Michael Jordan of sex" or "Wayne Gretzky with a hard-on",{{sfn}} discusses how he met and fell in love with an older man named Frank, whom he met at a group sex session. The two began an older brother–younger brother fantasy and moved in together. Frank has a voracious sexual appetite and, at times, invites the narrator for whole-day sex sessions. He is a tender lover, teaching his partner how to fly a box kite and cooking omelettes for him. In turn, the narrator is pleased with Frank\'s attentions and their sexual experimentation, although he is initially confused by Frank\'s insistence on listening to Peter Gzowski\'s Morningside during sex. As their ten-year anniversary approaches, Frank&nbsp;– having lost large amounts of weight and developed Kaposi\'s sarcomas&nbsp;– has been diagnosed with AIDS, leaving the narrator stunned; he concludes the narration with "I\'m going to miss him. He was the best friend I ever had."{{sfn}}'] ['The three intercut stories that comprise Poison are: * Hero: Seven-year-old Richie shoots his father and then flies away. The story is told in the style of an episode of a tabloid television news magazine. * Horror: Told in the style of a "psychotropic horror film" of the mid-1960s, Horror is about a scientist who isolates the "elixir of human sexuality" and, after drinking it, is transformed into a hideous murdering leper. * Homo: The story of a prisoner, John Broom, who finds himself attracted to another prisoner, Jack Bolton, whom he had known and seen humiliated as a youth in a juvenile facility. It is an adaptation of part of Genet\'s The Miracle of the Rose.'] ['Joe/Narcissus  is an ordinary man who has recently signed a complicated lease on a room. As he wonders how to pay the rent, he discovers that he can see the contents of his mind unfolding whilst looking into his eyes in the mirror. He realises that he can apply his gift to others , and sets up a business in his room, selling tailor-made dreams to a variety of frustrated and neurotic clients. Each of the seven surreal dream sequences in the diegesis is in fact the creation of a contemporary avant-garde and/or surrealist artist, as follows: :Desire Max Ernst  :The Girl with the Prefabricated Heart Fernand Léger  :Ruth, Roses and Revolvers  Man Ray  :Discs Marcel Duchamp  :Ballet Alexander Calder  :Circus Alexander Calder  :Narcissus Hans Richter  Joe\'s waiting room is full within minutes of his first day of operation, "the first installment on the 2 billion clients" according to the male narrator in voiceover, whose voice is the only one we hear in the non-dream sequences. Case number one is Mr and Mrs A. Mr A is a "methodical, exact" bank clerk. His wife "complains [he] has a mind like a double entry column; no virtues, no vices". She wants a dream for him "with practical values to widen his horizons, heighten ambitions, maybe a raise in salary". Joe asks Mrs A to leave the room during Mr A\'s consultation. Mr A reveals that within his ledger he has a collection of art images cut from magazines, including drawings of a woman reclining in bed; another on an old man\'s lap; another being shot by an animal-headed man; a filmic image of red liquid passing through water, and another of a melting wax figure of a woman. Joe "finds a dream" for Mr A based on these interests. In the dream \' leaves fall to the ground beside a red curtain. A woman in white reclines in a red-curtained four-poster bed. A small golden ball rises and falls from her mouth as she breathes. She swallows the ball, smiles and falls asleep. Bars appear by her bed, and a man watches from behind them as she dreams of nightingales with calves\' hooves. It appears the man is part of her dream, and telephones her to ask in voiceover for details. She tells him in voiceover "they talked about love and pleasure". Her telephone falls to the floor and excludes a misty smoke, which envelops her bed.'] ['A man  lives an unusual lifestyle on a rural farm in Belgium. He fastens doll heads to pigeons; he collects waste in glass jars; he beheads a hen. He is also enamoured with a sow who lives on the farm. He rolls in mud and manure with her, and he copulates with her. The sow births a litter of piglets. He awkwardly tries to spoon-feed them milk, but the energetic piglets prefer to drink from the bowl. The piglets prefer their mother, and the man soon hangs them. When the sow discovers her piglets hanged dead, she goes mad with grief. She runs, squealing, until she falls into a muddy pit, where she drowns. The man searches for her, and is disturbed to find her dead. He drags her body from the hole, buries the body, and makes a feeble attempt to burying himself nearby. His grief turns to rage. He rushes around the farm smashing his personal effects, including his jars of detritus. He then prepares a "tea" of feces and urine. He consumes it with gusto, but immediately becomes ill. Finally, he climbs a ladder and hangs himself; his spirit immediately floats skyward.'] ['In the beginning chapter, "Serra Pelada", men from Serra Pelada  are seen carrying bags of dirt up to a destination. In the middle of the chapter, various shots outside of Serra Pelada are shown. Near the end of the chapter, a few men are carrying another man who was struck by a falling rock  uphill along a procession of workers who are carrying dirt filled sacks. After that, several discordant layered exposures of the dirt carriers are shown. The scene cross fades to show the image of a head, with multiple exposures of the same head rapidly rotating and layered upon to give a manifold appearance. This is an apparent allusion to Janus, the god of beginnings, endings and transitions, keeping with the film\'s central themes of progress and change. After that, the film\'s title is shown in red.  In Anthem: Part 1, the sun rises up above an African village. Later, a man raises a sail for a boat. The next chapter, That Place, starts zooming out from a waterfall. Children can be heard laughing. Villages are shown as well as children and upside down water reflections. Anthem: Part 2 has various shots of villages and islands shown. Mosque and Temple shows various natural shots as well as religious scenes. Some of these scenes are a transparent inside a church with someone walking by, a black man praying, a monk sitting while a bird flies off his stick, the same monk walking by the river, a bird flying by a sunset, more children , crows flying above a river, two men rowing their boat in that river, a woman praying in the Ganges River, two men doing yoga, another monk, and a temple in Nepal.'] ['The film opens with a montage of news clips of Civil Rights Movement and Vietnam War protests while The Lennon Sisters cover of "My Favorite Things" plays over them, before cutting to Raoul Duke  and Dr. Gonzo  speeding across the Nevada desert. Duke, under the influence of mescaline, complains of a swarm of giant bats, before going through the pair\'s inventory of psychoactive drugs. Shortly afterward, the duo stop to pick up a young hitchhiker , and explain what they are doing. Duke has been assigned by an unnamed magazine to travel to Las Vegas and cover the Mint 400 motorcycle race. However, they have also decided to take advantage of the trip by purchasing a large number of drugs, and rent a Cadillac Eldorado convertible. The young man soon becomes terrified of the antics of the duo, and flees on foot. Trying to reach Vegas before the hitchhiker can go to the police, Gonzo gives Duke a tab of "Sunshine Acid", then informs him that there is little chance of making it before the drug kicks in. By the time they reach the strip, Duke is in full throes of his trip, and barely makes it through the check-in; all the while hallucinating that the hotel clerk is a moray eel, and that his fellow bar patrons are lizards in the depths of an orgy. The next day, Duke arrives at the race, and heads out with his photographer, a man by the name of Lacerda . During the coverage, Duke becomes irrational and believes that they are in the middle of a battlefield, so he fires Lacerda, and returns to the hotel. After consuming more mescaline, as well as huffing diethyl ether, Duke and Gonzo arrive at the Bazooko Circus casino, but leave shortly afterwards, the chaotic atmosphere frightening Gonzo. Back in the hotel room, Duke leaves Gonzo unattended, and tries his luck at a quick round of roulette. When Duke returns, he finds that Gonzo, after consuming a full sheet of LSD, has trashed the room, and is sitting fully clothed in the bathtub, attempting to pull the tape player in with him, as he wants to hear the song better. He pleads with Duke to throw the machine into the water when the song "White Rabbit" peaks. Duke agrees, but instead throws a grapefruit at Gonzo\'s head before running outside. The next morning, Duke awakes to a massive room service bill, and no sign of Gonzo , and attempts to leave town. As he nears Baker, California, a highway patrolman  pulls him over for speeding, and advises him to sleep at a nearby rest stop. Realizing that he is being set up, Duke instead decides to return to Las Vegas, and reads a telegram from Gonzo, informing him that he has a suite in his name at the Flamingo Las Vegas so he can cover a District Attorney\'s convention on narcotics. Duke checks into his suite, only to be met by an LSD-tripping Gonzo, and a young girl by the name of Lucy  he has brought with him. Gonzo explains that Lucy has come to Las Vegas to meet Barbra Streisand, and that he fed her LSD on the plane without her knowing. Sensing the trouble this could get them into, Duke convinces Gonzo to ditch Lucy in another hotel before her trip wears off. Gonzo accompanies Duke to the D.A.\'s convention, and the pair discreetly snort cocaine as the guest speaker delivers a comically out-of-touch speech about "marijuana addicts" before showing a brief film. Unable to take it, Duke and Gonzo flee back to their room, only to discover that Lucy has called. Their trips mostly over, Gonzo deals with Lucy over the phone , as Duke attempts to mellow out by trying some of Gonzo\'s stash of adrenochrome. However, the trip spirals out of control, and Duke is reduced to an incoherent mess before he blacks out. After an unspecified amount of time passes, Duke wakes up to a complete ruin of the once pristine suite. After discovering his tape recorder, he attempts to remember what has happened. As he listens, he has brief memories of the general mayhem that has taken place . Duke drops Gonzo off at the airport, after missing the entrance, driving across the tarmac and pulling up right next to the plane, before returning to the hotel one last time to finish his article. The film ends with Duke speeding back to California as The Rolling Stones\' "Jumpin\' Jack Flash" plays over the credits.'] ['Several narratives are woven together throughout the film, including those of de Hory, Irving, Welles, Howard Hughes and Kodar. About de Hory, we learn that he was a struggling artist who turned to forgery out of desperation, only to see the greater share of the profits from his deceptions go to doubly unscrupulous art dealers. As partial compensation for that injustice, he is maintained in a villa in Ibiza by one of his dealers. What is only hinted at in Welles\'s documentary is that de Hory had recently served a two-month sentence in a Spanish prison for homosexuality and consorting with criminals.  Irving\'s original part in F for Fake was as de Hory\'s biographer, but his part grew unexpectedly at some point during production. There has not always been agreement among commentators over just how that production unfolded, but the now-accepted story{{cite web}} is that the director François Reichenbach shot a documentary about de Hory and Irving before giving his footage to Welles, who then shot additional footage with Reichenbach as his cinematographer. In the time between the shooting of Reichenbach\'s documentary and the finishing of Welles\', it became known that Irving had perpetrated a hoax of his own, namely a fabricated "authorized biography" of Howard Hughes . This discovery prompted the shooting of still more footage, which then got woven into F for Fake. Blurring the lines even more, there are several pieces of footage in the film showing Welles at a party with De Hory, and, at one point, De Hory even signs a painting with a forgery of Welles\' signature. Some of Hughes\' career is outlined in the form of a parody of the "News on the March" sequence in Citizen Kane. Exactly one hour before narrating Kodar\'s story, Welles promises that everything in the next hour of his film will be true. Exactly one hour later, the film tells a story where Kodar sits for a series of nudes for Pablo Picasso after getting him to agree to give her the finished portraits, and then selling not those very portraits but fake Picassos in their place. The story climaxes with Welles and Kodar re-enacting a tense exchange between Picasso and Kodar\'s grandfather, the alleged forger of the paintings, before Welles reminds the viewer that he only promised to tell the truth for an hour and that "for the last 17 minutes, I\'ve been lying my head off." In the commentary to the Criterion Collection DVD release of F for Fake, Kodar claims the idea for this segment as her own. She also claims credit for the movie\'s opening sequence, which consists of shots of a miniskirt-clad Kodar walking down streets while rubbernecking male admirers  stop and openly stare. This sequence is described by Kodar as inspired by her feminism.'] ['The film covers Karen Carpenter from the time of her "discovery" in 1966 to her untimely death by cardiac arrest  in 1983. The movie begins with a quasi-first person recap of her mother Agnes Carpenter discovering Karen\'s body in her parents\' Downey, California home on February 4, 1983, and then returns by flashback to 1966. The story touches on major points in Karen\'s life from 1966 on: *the duo\'s signing with record label A&M *their initial success and subsequent decline *Karen\'s development of anorexia nervosa {{Fact}} *her on-stage collapse in Las Vegas *her search for treatment for her anorexia nervosa *her attempt to restart her career *a claim that she gradually developed a reliance on syrup of ipecac . An unusual facet of the film was that, instead of actors, almost all parts were played by modified Barbie dolls. In particular, Haynes detailed Karen Carpenter\'s worsening anorexia by subtly whittling away at the face and arms of the "Karen" Barbie doll. Sets were created properly scaled to the dolls, including locales such as the Carpenter home in Downey, Karen\'s apartment in Century City, restaurants, recording studios – including minute details such as labels on wine bottles and Ex-Lax boxes. Interspersed with the story were documentary-style segments detailing the times in which Karen Carpenter lived and also detailing anorexia; these segments were seen as dry and melodramatic parodies of the documentary genre. The underlying soundtrack included many popular hits of the day, including songs by Gilbert O\'Sullivan, Elton John, Leon Russell and the Carpenters themselves. The tone of the film was sympathetic to Karen, especially in regards to her anorexia, but much of that sympathy was gained by making the other characters as unsympathetic as possible. Karen\'s parents, Harold and Agnes, were portrayed as overly controlling, attempting to keep Karen living at home even after she turned twenty-five; Agnes, in addition, was portrayed as unaware of the extent of Karen\'s problem with anorexia. The duo\'s initial meeting with A&M Records owner Herb Alpert was intercut with stock footage of Vietnam War scenes. Richard Carpenter was portrayed as a rampant perfectionist who frequently sided with his parents against Karen, and was also depicted as more concerned with his and Karen\'s careers than with Karen\'s health. This culminated in a scene where Richard berates a fatigued and obviously ill Karen for not meeting business demands, asking her, "What are you trying to do? Ruin both of our careers?", causing her to break down in tears. Haynes even insinuated during a fight between Richard and Karen that Richard was homosexual – which, if it had been reported to the public in the 1970s, would have destroyed the Carpenters\' "clean-cut" image and the group\'s career. Haynes\' treatment of the film was quite dark; his choice of black captions often blended in with the scene, rendering them unreadable. Additionally, Haynes worked spanking  into the film with a repeated segment featuring a black-and-white overhead view of someone, possibly Harold, administering an over-the-knee spanking to a bare-bottomed adult Karen. The meaning of this segment is never discussed, leaving it to the viewer\'s imagination – it may be an actual event, a representation of Karen\'s self-loathing regarding her inability to be the "perfect" child, or a representation of the self-discipline involved with her anorexia.'] ['At a social gathering at a château or baroque hotel, a man approaches a woman. He claims they met the year before at Marienbad and is convinced that she is waiting there for him. The woman insists they have never met. A second man, who may be the woman\'s husband, repeatedly asserts his dominance over the first man, including beating him several times at a mathematical game . Through ambiguous flashbacks and disorienting shifts of time and location, the film explores the relationships among the characters. Conversations and events are repeated in several places in the château and grounds, and there are numerous tracking shots of the château\'s corridors, with ambiguous voiceovers. The characters are unnamed in the film; in the published screenplay, the woman is referred to as "A", the first man is "X", and the man who may be her husband is "M".'] ["The film opens with a funeral for a young woman; the deceased is Dawn Wiener, the protagonist from Solondz's Welcome to the Dollhouse, who went to college, gained a lot of weight, became pregnant, and committed suicide. Her brother Mark  reads the eulogy while Dawn's tearful parents  sit in the audience. Aviva, Dawn's cousin, desires to have a child. She has sex with Judah , a family friend, and becomes pregnant. Aviva's parents are horrified and demand she get an abortion. While the abortion is technically successful, it is implied via a fractured, emotional conversation with the doctor  that Aviva can no longer have children. Not fully conscious, Aviva is unaware of this, and her parents, already fragile, lead her to believe all is well when she awakens, afraid to upset Aviva. Aviva runs away from home. She befriends a trucker  and has sex with him; however, the trucker abandons her at a motel. She is eventually found by the Sunshine Family, a Christian fundamentalist foster home that cares for orphans and runaways. She tells them her name is Henrietta &mdash; the name she picked for the baby she was persuaded to abort. While at the Sunshine Family home, she discovers a dark side to the foster father; he assassinates abortion providers. His next target is the doctor who performed Aviva's abortion. The hitman whom the foster father uses is the same trucker Aviva previously befriended and had sex with. Convinced she is in love with the truck driver, Aviva flees the Sunshine Family to join him on his assignment. The murder does not go as planned as, in addition to the doctor himself, the trucker  ends up accidentally shooting the doctor's young daughter when she steps in front of the first shot. The police find Bob and Aviva both in a motel room, and Bob commits suicide by cop. The film then skips ahead to Aviva back home with her parents, planning her next birthday party. During the party, she talks to her cousin, Mark, who has recently been accused of molesting a baby, although he denies having done it. The film skips ahead to Aviva's meeting Judah, who now calls himself Otto, and they have sex again. Once again, Aviva believes she is pregnant and is happy about it."] ['{{expand section}} The opening sequence is that of a spinning flywheel with shots of airplanes strafing the ground. The shots of the airplanes are most likely from World War II. The first scene shows the two main characters sitting in bathing suits. Their conversation is robotic and from that point on they decide to be bad. The next scene shows Marie I and Marie II dancing in front of a tree. The tree has many fruits and resembles the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil. Once Marie I eats from the tree, they both fall and appear in their apartment. There is significant action here, with Marie I looking through the window at a parade and Marie II eating. The next few scenes are all similar. They show the two girls on a date with an older man, a \'sugar daddy\'. Marie II eats voraciously and Marie I eventually starts acting like her, eating a lot of food. They eventually go to a night-club with 1920s-style dancers and cause a ruckus. Marie II also goes to the apartment of a man who is a butterfly collector. In this scene, there are a lot of butterflies shown as still frames. At the end, she says that she wants to eat. Later on, they go to a factory. There are still frames of locks, and the building looks run down. They look for "nourishment" and stumble upon a feast presumably set out for communist leaders. They eat the food, make a mess and destroy the room. It then cuts to them being dunked in water like witches. They decide to go back and make everything right again, and at the end a giant chandelier crushes them.'] ["The American architect Stourley Kracklite has been commissioned to construct an exhibition in Rome dedicated to the architecture of Etienne-Louis Boullée. Doubts arise among his Italian colleagues to the legitimacy of Boullée among the pantheon of famed architects, perhaps because Boullée was an inspiration for Adolf Hitler's architect Albert Speer. Tirelessly dedicated to the project, Kracklite's marriage quickly dissolves along with his health. His physical and social ruin in some way corresponds to the decline of his idol Boullée, who remained relatively forgotten until the twentieth century. Kracklite becomes obsessed with the historical Caesar Augustus after hearing that Livia, the wife of Augustus, supposedly poisoned him. Kracklite assumes that his own wife Louisa has tried to do the same due to his increasing stomach pains."] ["The daughter of Prospero, an exiled magician, falls in love with the son of his enemy, while the sorcerer's sprite, Ariel, convinces him to abandon revenge against the traitors from his earlier life. In the film, Prospero stands in for Shakespeare, and is seen writing and speaking the story's action as it unfolds. Prospero's Books is a complex tale based upon William Shakespeare's The Tempest. Ariel is played by three actors — a boy, an adolescent, and a youth. Each represents a classical elemental. The boy represents water, and is shown perpetually urinating."] ["The movie focuses on the actions of a revolutionary movement. One faction, with a leader called October, breaks into a US weapons depot and takes cases of hand bombs. While escaping several soldiers are killed and October is blinded by the blast from a mishandled case of bombs. The movement's highest authority deems October unfit and sends Winter's February, leader of another faction, to take October's remaining bombs through any means necessary. This causes October and his soldiers to undergo a shift in their approach. One by one, the members start to take matters into their own hands."] ['The plot of the movie is convoluted and rather loose. It concerns a man dressed as priest who gathers together a group of teen boys, both American and European, and takes them to a beach on the Mediterranean Sea. There he has plans to stage a play based on the biblical Book of Genesis. Throughout the movie, the boys in question are frequently entirely nude and are shown frolicking in the surf, building shelters, driving a van and climbing up cliffs. The storyline is largely stream-of-consciousness and starts many threads it then leaves unfinished.'] ['The characters drive to a remote location to hike at a site marked "Wilderness Trail". As they start, they see some other hikers passing by. After some walking, talking, and an impromptu foot race, they decide to head back. Before long, they realize that they are lost. That night, they build a campfire. Over the next couple of days, the two hikers wander through the wilderness without food or water. They try splitting up for awhile, they try to retrace their steps, they try to follow some animal tracks, all to no avail. They grow increasingly irritated with each other as the situation becomes dire. They eventually find themselves slowly walking, mostly in silence, through a desert. They finally collapse due to fatigue and dehydration. The weaker of the two  proclaims that he is "leaving", and reaches towards Damon\'s character. Damon\'s character rolls on top of Affleck and wordlessly strangles him before collapsing again. After some time, Damon\'s character awakens and discovers that a highway is not far away. In the final sequence, he is badly sunburned but watches the passing landscape from the car of the father and son who have seemingly rescued him.'] ["The Blood of a Poet is divided into four sections. In section one, an artist sketches a face and is startled when its mouth starts moving. He rubs out the mouth, only to discover that it has transferred to the palm of his hand. After experimenting with the hand for a while and falling asleep, the artist awakens and places the mouth over the mouth of a female statue. In section two, the statue speaks to the artist, cajoling him into passing through a mirror. The mirror links to a hotel and the artist peers through several keyholes, witnessing such people as an opium smoker and a hermaphrodite. The artist is handed a gun and a disembodied voice instructs him how to shoot himself in the head. He shoots himself but does not die. The artist cries out that he has seen enough and returns through the mirror. He smashes the statue with a mallet. In the third section, some students are having a snowball fight. An older boy throws a snowball at a younger boy, but the snowball turns out to be a chunk of marble. The young boy dies from the impact. In the final section, a card shark plays a game with a woman on a table set up over the body of the dead boy. A theatre party looks on. The card shark extracts an Ace of Hearts from the dead boy's breast pocket. The boy's guardian angel appears and absorbs the dead boy. He also removes the Ace of Hearts from the card shark's hand and retreats up a flight of stairs and through a door. Realizing he has lost, the card shark commits suicide as the theatre party applauds. The woman player transforms into the formerly smashed statue and walks off through the snow, leaving no footprints. In the film's final moments the statue is shown with a lyre. Intercut through the film, oneiric images appear, including spinning wire models of a human head and rotating double-sided masks."] ['The film opens with scenes of birth. Clips are shown of various babies in development and until they are birthed. Next, the film features clips of childhood, then dance and sex. Using footage of a nude woman eating a banana, the film then transitions into clips of food, then starvation, then riots, then death. By transitioning from death processions to ceremonies in general, the focus is again brought to dance. After showing some clips of art and massive groups, the film ends with a woman pregnant in a tub.'] ['In 1897, a visitor from the East, Dracula, arrives in London and is inadvertently invited into the home of Lucy. She is bitten by Dracula, and taken by his curse. Lucy\'s behavior becomes more erratic leading her to bite her fiancée. Lucy is immediately put under the care of Dr. Van Helsing. Van Helsing does blood tests on Lucy and declares "Vampyre!" as the source of the problem, and puts Lucy to bed adorned with garlic. That night, Renfield, a mental patient who lives in the asylum next to Lucy\'s home, escapes from confinement and Lucy\'s house is broken into by demons. Lucy\'s mother awakens in the commotion. Panicked by the demons, Lucy\'s Mother opens the door and inadvertently re-invites Dracula into the house. Both Lucy and her mother are killed in this incident and a funeral procession takes place. The next day, Renfield is recaptured and placed back into the mental hospital. Bizarre incidents begin to occur around the city with newspapers headlines proclaiming a "Bloofer Lady" who has been murdering infants. Renfield is interrogated and confesses that Dracula has brought Lucy back from the dead committing these deeds and the solution to the problem lies in the graveyard. Van Helsing and Lucy\'s suitors go there and spy Dracula and the undead Lucy in a full romantic embrace. After Dracula leaves, Van Helsing declares "We must destroy the false Lucy so the real one may live forever". When Van Helsing opens the Lucy\'s coffin, Lucy rises out and attacks the men. Lucy is eventually subdued by a piercing stab from Jonathan\'s long wooden stakes and a decapitation with a shovel by Van Helsing who then declares they must find and defeat the Vampyre. Van Helsing and his men go to interrogate Renfield finding out that Dracula\'s next plan is to attack Lucy\'s best friend Mina. Meanwhile, Mina who is in a convent aids her injured fiancée Harker. Renfield reveals to Van Helsing of Harker\'s journey to Castle Dracula where Harker intended finalize a land sale. Upon arriving, Harker is ravaged by three Brides of Dracula who overpower him. Harker eventually finalizes the land deal for Dracula, and gets placed in imprisonment in his Castle. Harker escapes, finding himself under the care of the convent\'s inhabitants. Renfield explains that Van Helsing should seek past the Convent and towards Castle Dracula. In the convent, Mina arrives to greet Harker. Mina finds his diary, as Harker cautiously allows Mina to learn of his pleasures with the Brides of Dracula be known to her. With what she has discovered about Harker, Mina becomes progressively more sexually aggressive which Harker nervous as he flees with the diary. Mina attempts to follow Harker but comes face to face with Dracula, who kidnaps her and takes her to Castle Dracula. In Castle Dracula, Dracula woos Mina, tempting her with offers of riches and eventually biting her on the neck, solidifying his curse on her. Harker, Van Helsing, and his men break into Dracula\'s castle dispatch the Brides of Dracula with long wooden stakes. The men eventually stumble upon Mina and find the mark of Dracula\'s bite upon her. Attempting to root out Dracula, the men smash coffins and place Christian crosses in them. Dracula attacks the men. After the battle, Dracula and Mina are the only two left conscious. Mina scurries to a window with a cross and pulls it open to have sunlight which stuns Dracula. At this point the men regain consciousness, surround Dracula, and stab him with their stakes. The castle is demolished by Van Helsing\'s men and everyone departs. Dracula is left hanging motionless, impaled on a giant stake.'] ['A Man lives in his car. He is 40 years old and although he does not have a lot of free time, when he does, he chooses to spend it with his family. He meets his wife and two children at a specified day and time in car parking lots. His job is to locate and bring the finest honey to a 50-year old man. A New Driver shows up and the Man gets fired. The Man’s life changes and he finds it absurd that no one trusts him anymore.'] ["Ann, a widowed model , has a date with her old friend Larry , who is an engineer just returned from working in South America. Ann has a seven-year-old daughter, Peggy , who has mixed feelings about her mother's relationship.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-04-18 |workTurner Classic Movies }} The three visit the Museum of Modern Art and Central Park, and Larry buys Peggy a toy boat to win her friendship, while at the same time wooing her mother. Larry and Ann visit other places in New York with and without Peggy, and it soon becomes apparent that they have fallen in love. Peggy begins to like Larry but grows petulant, and repeatedly tries to disrupt her mother's romance. When they get home, Peggy claims that Larry was impatient, fed her bad food and hit her when she stumbled. Ann cancels her plans to join Larry for an important dinner with his boss that night. He denies that and leaves angrily. Ann and Larry do not talk for a few days, but begin to miss each other. Larry buys a puppy for Peggy, and they reconcile."] ['{{Expand section|datepresskit /> In its review, Variety describes plot twists such as "apparitions, out-of-body experiences, [and] sex with a catfish...."Justin Change, Variety "Cannes reviews", found at variety website. Accessed May 24, 2010.'] ['The film takes place in two parts. The first half resembles a western; albeit a surreal one. The second is a love story of redemption and rebirth.  The first half opens with El Topo  traveling through a desert on horseback with his naked young son. They come across a town whose inhabitants have been slaughtered, and El Topo hunts down and kills the perpetrators and their leader, a fat balding Colonel. El Topo abandons his son to the monks of the settlement\'s mission and rides off with a woman whom the Colonel had kept as a slave. El Topo names the woman Mara, and she convinces him to defeat four great gun masters to become the greatest gunman in the land. Each gun master represents a particular religion or philosophy, and El Topo learns from each of them before instigating a duel. El Topo is victorious each time, not through superior skill but through trickery or luck. After the first duel, a black-clad woman with a male voice finds the couple and guides them to the remaining gun masters. As he kills each master, El Topo has increasing doubts about his mission, but Mara persuades him to continue. Having killed all four, El Topo is ridden with guilt, destroys his own gun and revisits the places where he killed those masters, finding their graves swarming with bees. The unnamed woman confronts El Topo and shoots him multiple times in the manner of stigmata. Mara then betrays him and rides off with the woman, while El Topo collapses and is carried away by a group of dwarves and mutants.  The second half of the film takes place years later. El Topo awakes in a cave, to find that the tribe of deformed outcasts have taken care of him and set him up as a God-like figure, while he has been asleep and meditating on the gun masters\' "four lessons". The outcasts dwell in a system of caves which have been blocked in - the only exit is out of their reach due to their deformities. When El Topo awakes, he is \'born again\' and decides to help the outcasts escape. He is able to reach the exit and together with a dwarf girl who becomes his lover, performs for the depraved cultists of the neighbouring town, to raise money for dynamite. A young monk arrives in the town to be the new priest, but is disgusted by the perverted form of religion the cultists practice. He also discovers that El Topo is his father, who had abandoned him to the mission. He threatens to kill El Topo, but agrees to wait until he has succeeded in freeing the outcasts. With the help of his now pregnant girlfriend and son, El Topo creates a new exit from the cave. The outcasts come streaming out, but as they enter the town they are shot down by the cultists. El Topo helplessly witnesses his community being slaughtered and is shot himself. Ignoring his own wounds he massacres the cultists, then takes an oil lamp and immolates himself. His girlfriend gives birth at the same time as his death, and she and his son make a grave for his remains. This becomes a beehive like the gun masters\' graves. As the film ends, El Topo\'s son, girlfriend and baby ride off on horseback, the son now wearing his father\'s clothes.'] ["The film depicts a conversation between Gregory and Shawn  in a chic restaurant in New York City. Based mostly on conversation, the film's dialogue covers such things as experimental theatre, the nature of theatre, and the nature of life, contrasting Shawn's modest, down-to-earth humanism with Gregory's extravagant spiritual experiences. Gregory is the focus of the first hour of the film as he describes some of his experiences since he gave up his career as a theatre director in 1975. These include working with his friend Jerzy Grotowski and a group of Polish actors in a forest in Poland, his visit to Findhorn in Scotland and his trip to the Sahara to try to create a play based on The Little Prince. Perhaps Gregory's most dramatic experience was working with a small group of people on a piece of performance art on Long Island which resulted in Gregory being  buried alive on Halloween night. The rest of the film is a conversation as Shawn tries to argue that living life as Gregory has done for the past five years is simply not possible for the vast majority of people. In response, Gregory suggests that what passes for normal life in New York in the late 1970s is more akin to living in a dream than it is to real life. The movie ends without a clear resolution to the conflict in worldviews articulated by the two men. Shawn reminisces during a taxi ride back home about his childhood and mentions that when he arrives at home he tells his girlfriend Debbie about his dinner with Andre, as Erik Satie's Gymnopédie No. 1 plays in the background."] ['In Prague, Mr Pivonka, an unmarried man, buys some pornography from his local newsagent, Mr Kula, and returns home. A postwoman, Mrs Malková gives him a letter which reads "On Sunday" in cut-out letters. In secret, she then rolls pieces of bread into little balls and carries them in her satchel. Pivonka asks his neighbour, Mrs Loubalová, to slaughter a chicken for him. Using the leftover feathers and papier-mâché made from the pornography, he constructs a chicken head and fabricates wings made from umbrellas. Meanwhile, police captain Beltinsky buys rolling pins and pan lids from the same shop that sells Pivonka\'s umbrellas. Using these items, plus stolen pieces of fur and sharp things, Beltinsky constructs unusual objects in his workshop. His wife, a newsreader named Beltinska, feels neglected and buys some live carp. She is unaware that Kula is in love with her image and has constructed a machine rigged to stroke and masturbate him when she is on television. Pivonka and Loubalová construct life-size effigies of each other. On Sunday, Pivonka drives to the country with his effigy while Loubalová takes her effigy to an abandoned crypt containing a closet, a chair with candles and a basin of water. Loubalová emerges from the closet and whips her straw effigy which, being animated, reacts. Pivonka dresses in his chicken outfit and struts around his similarly animated effigy, eventually crushing it with a boulder while Loubalová drowns hers in the basin. At home, Malková shoves an unfeasible number of bread balls in her nose and ears and takes a nap. While Beltinská strokes her carp and feeds them the bread balls Malková later delivers, Beltinsky strips naked in his workshop and rubs his objects over his body. When Beltinská reads the news, Kula turns on his machine and climaxes at the same time that she does, stimulated by the carp sucking her toes under her desk. On his way home, Pivonka is fascinated by Beltinská\'s image in a television shop window and stops to buy electronic equipment magazines at Kula\'s shop. Kula is now covering rolling pins with feathers; Malková looks longingly at a carp in a fishmonger\'s windows. Pivonka discovers that Loubalová has been killed in her flat by a boulder that has seemingly dropped through her roof; Beltinsky is investigating. Entering his own flat, Pivonka sees the chair with candles and the basin of water awaiting him. His closet door slowly opens...'] ['A man casually sets up for a fishing trip at the waters edge. Evening comes and a tug on his line presents him with the body of a woman. While he tries to disentangle himself from the fishing lines she comes alive. The scene changes and the woman is now a shaman priestess in a funeral ritual for a man who drowned in a river. He speaks through her to his relatives, asking for forgiveness.'] ['Marie , a student, works at her father\'s Swiss gas station and plays basketball for a local team; she claims to be a virgin and maintains a chaste relationship with her boyfriend Joseph , a taxi cab driver, who is a dropout. When a passing stranger named Uncle Gabriel   informs Marie that she will become pregnant despite remaining chaste, and give birth to the son of God, she is at first shocked and confused. Joseph, however, cannot believe that she is pregnant and a virgin. Gabriel must school Joseph to accept Mary\'s pregnancy, while Mary comes to terms with God\'s plan through meditations that are sometimes angry and usually punctuated by elemental images of the sun, moon, clouds, flowers, and water. Godard intercuts a brief parallel story of Eva , a college student and her nameless professor , who talks about life having been programmed by "a prior intelligence"; their adulterous affair is rife with philosophical discussions. In time, Joseph\'s anger subsides, and the expectant couple marries. After they are wed Mary teaches Joseph to love her from a distance, revering her without touching her. Joseph eventually swears to keep his hands off his bride and to act as her shadow, to which she responds, "But isn\'t that what all men are, the shadow of God?" They raise their son, Jesus , who eventually leaves his family to pursue "his father\'s business." Meanwhile Marie explores her sexuality, seeking to link her individual body and spirit.'] ["The film tells the story of Imri, who at 19 goes to live in Tel Aviv, but dreams of moving to Japan. Through his relationships and encounters and in diverse cinematic tools, we are introduced to the young man's life. An exploration of living in the exotic city of Tel Aviv is presented through a hero who is himself in the midst of exploring his own choice of an exotic place. A unique correlation is formed between the hero's misconception of Japan and ours of him. The movie was constructed by both improvised and pre-scripted scenes, as required by the nature of each scene."] ['The two lead characters appear as the robotic forms of Daft Punk and are credited as "Hero Robot No. 1" and "Hero Robot No. 2". One wears a silver helmet and the other wears a golden one. An opening scene shows the duo driving in a 1987 Ferrari 412 with its license plate displaying "HUMAN". After passing through a Southwestern United States landscape, the duo arrives by car at a town in Inyo County, California. The town\'s denizens are also shown to be robots physically identical to the two main characters, but at different ages, with different clothing and alternating gender. The pair drive to a high-tech facility where liquid latex is poured over their heads. The latex is shaped into human-like faces with the aid of prosthetic appliances and wigs. When the two leave the facility, the locals of the town are shocked by their human appearance. The duo\'s faces eventually melt in the sun as the townsfolk chase them. The two take cover in a public restroom where the gold robot discards his ruined mask, then encourages the reluctant silver robot to do the same. Again appearing as robots, the pair then undergo a lengthy hike across desert salt flats. After walking for a while, the silver robot removes its jacket and reveals a switch on its back. The gold robot flips the switch, which begins a timer. When the countdown ends, the silver robot is blown to pieces. The remaining robot piles the remains of the silver robot, then continues to walk. The gold robot eventually falls to its knees and attempts to reach the switch on its own back, but to no avail. The robot removes its helmet and repeatedly slams it into the ground until the helmet shatters. Using one of the shards as a burning-glass, the robot focuses the sunlight to set its hand ablaze. The film ends as the robot, completely on fire, walks in slow motion through darkness.'] ["The story commences on the streets of Prague on a grey morning with commuters bustling about. We are introduced to the figure of an Everyman, played by Petr Čepek, a colourless figure emerging from a metro station. On his way home, the man encounters two men handing out flyers. It is a map of the city with a location marked in. He shrugs and discards it, returning to his lodging. As he opens the door, a black cockerel runs out. The man sits down to eat, cutting himself a slice of bread. He discovers an egg concealed inside the loaf. He cracks it open but it is empty. Suddenly the lights go out and the wind rises. Objects are thrown about the room. The commotion ceases; the man goes to the window and looks down to where the two men from earlier are staring up at him. One of them holds the cockerel. The man closes the blind and returns to the table, where he finds the map and, using his own map of the city, traces out the location marked. The next day, he goes to the spot indicated and enters a dilapidated building from which just a man rushes in fear. The man presses on into the interior and descends to a dressing room, where he finds a charred script, a robe embroidered with sigils, greasepaint, a wig with beard and a cap. Sitting down he dresses himself as Faust and speaks to himself  Faust's opening declaration of intent to follow black magic. As the opening curtain is signalled, 'Faust' finds himself on a stage, a performance about to begin. Ripping off his costume, he breaks through the stage backdrop into a vault where an alchemist's laboratory is revealed; with the aid of a book of spells, he brings to life a clay child which grows horrifyingly into his own image before he smashes it. Warned by a marionette angel not to experiment further but encouraged by a demon to do as he pleases, he is sent by a wooden messenger to a cafe meeting with the two street-map men, identified as 'Cornelius' and 'Valdes', who give him a briefcase of magical devices. Returning to the vault, he uses these to summon Mephisto, offering Lucifer his soul in return for 24 years of self-indulgence. At another café, 'Faust' is entertained by Comelius and Valdes, who provide a fountain of wine from a table-top. He watches as a tramp, carrying a severed human leg, is pestered by a large black dog until he throws the limb into the river. 'Faust' finds a key in his food, uses it on a shop-front shutter, and is dragged back on stage by waiting stagehands. He mimes a scene from Gounod's opera, in which Mephisto returns and the pact with Lucifer is signed in blood. After the interval, 'Faust' visits Portugal to demonstrate his supernatural powers to the King: when a requested restaging of the David and Goliath contest is poorly received, he drowns the entire Portuguese court. 'Faust' is distracted from repentance Helen of Troy, whom he seduces before realising she is a wooden demon in disguise. Lucifer arrives earlier than expected to claim the soul, and 'Faust' rushes in panic from the theatre, meeting a newcomerin at the doorway as he bursts into the street. He is felled by a red car, and Cornelius and Valdes watch in amusement as a tramp carries away a severed leg from the scene of the accident. A policeman checks the car, but it is without a driver."] ['Barcelona is the scenario for eleven entwined stories sharing the same characters. The movie deals with a variety of intimate relationships, portraying characters who have to experience intense emotions which cannot be materialised in caresses. Connections explored include several different family and romantic relationships across different genders, ages and generations. A recurring theme is the irony of how difficult communication can be, even when there is close contact. Partial expression, instincts vs. emotions and physical communication all play a part.'] ["Bits of found film and different types of animation illustrate a classic chase scene scenario: A woman is abducted and a man comes to her rescue, but during their escape they find themselves in the enemy's secret headquarters."] ['Maximillian "Max" Cohen , the story\'s protagonist and unreliable narrator, is a number theorist who believes that everything in nature can be understood through numbers. He is capable of doing simple arithmetic calculations involving large numbers in his head, a skill that impresses Jenna, a small girl with a calculator who lives in his apartment building. Max also suffers from cluster headaches, as well as extreme paranoia, hallucinations, and social anxiety disorder. Other than Devi , a woman living next door who sometimes speaks to him, Max\'s only social interaction is with Sol Robeson , his old mathematics mentor. Max begins making stock predictions based on the calculations of his computer, Euclid. In the middle of printing out its picks, Euclid suddenly crashes after spitting out a seemingly random 216-digit number, as well as a single pick at one-tenth its current value. Disgusted, Max tosses out the printout of the number. The next morning, he checks the financial pages and sees that the pick Euclid made was accurate. He searches desperately for the printout but cannot find it. Sol becomes unnerved when Max mentions the number, asking if it contained 216 digits. When Max questions him about the number, Sol indicates that he came across it many years ago. He urges Max to slow down and try taking a break. At a coffee shop, Max meets Lenny Meyer , a Hasidic Jew who coincidentally does mathematical research on the Torah. Lenny demonstrates some simple Gematria, the correspondence of the Hebrew alphabet to numbers, and explains how some people believe that the Torah is a string of numbers that form a code sent by God. Max takes an interest when he realizes that some of the number concepts Lenny discusses are similar to other mathematical concepts, such as the Fibonacci sequence. Max is also met by agents of a Wall Street firm that are interested in his work. One of the agents, Marcy Dawson, offers Max a classified computer chip called "Ming Mecca" in exchange for the results of his work, which Max eventually accepts. Using the chip, Max has Euclid analyze mathematical patterns in the Torah. Euclid spits out the 216-digit number before crashing again. When his computer refuses to print out the number, Max begins to write it down. Midway through the writing, Max realizes that he knows the pattern, undergoes a sudden epiphany, and passes out. Thereafter, Max appears to become clairvoyant and is able to visualize the stock market patterns he had been searching for. But his headaches also increase in intensity, and he discovers a strange vein-like bulge protruding from his right temple. Max has a falling out with Sol after the latter urges him to quit his work. Dawson and her agents grab Max on the street, and try to force him to explain the number. They had found the original printout and had been trying to use it to manipulate the stock market in their favor, but as a result, caused it to crash. Although Max is held at gunpoint, Lenny drives by and rescues him. However, Lenny and his companions make similar demands on Max to give them the number. They finally reveal their intentions: they believe the number was meant for them to bring about the messianic age, as the number represents the unspeakable name of God. Max refuses, insisting that whatever the source of the number is, it has been revealed to him alone. Max flees and tries to visit Sol, only to find that he has died. Max searches his house and finds mathematical scribblings similar to his own, eventually finding a piece of paper with the number. Driven to the brink of madness, Max experiences another headache and resists the urge to take his painkillers. Believing that the number and the headaches are linked, Max tries to concentrate on the number through the pain. After passing out, Max has a vision of himself standing in a white void and repeating the digits of the number. The vision ends with Max hugging Devi, who turns out to be an illusion. Max stands alone in his trashed apartment. Giving up, Max burns the paper with the number and performs an impromptu trepanning on himself in the right temple with a power drill to stop the madness. Later, Jenna, the little girl with the calculator, approaches Max in a park asking math problems. Max smiles and reveals that he doesn\'t know the answer to them. He observes the trees blowing in the breeze, at peace.'] ['Chronos is 42 minutes long and has no actors or dialog. The soundtrack consists of a single continuous piece by composer Michael Stearns. Filmed in dozens of locations on five continents, the film relates to the concept of time passing on different scales—the bulk of the film covers the history of civilization, from pre-history to Egypt to Rome to Late Antiquity to the rise of Western Europe in the Middle Ages to the Renaissance to the modern era. It centers on European themes but not exclusively. Other time scales include the passing of seasons, and the passing of night and day, and the passing shadows of the sun in an afternoon to the passing of people on the street. These themes are intermingled with symbolic meaning.'] ['Anne-Marie  is the wife of the French ambassador in India in the 1930s. Growing bored with the oppressive lifestyle she leads, she begins to compulsively sleep with other men to alleviate her situation. Her husband knows of her indiscretions, but is tolerant of her promiscuity.'] ['Julien, a young man with untreated schizophrenia, lives in a dysfunctional family with his sister who is possibly carrying his child, his athletic brother, and his domineering, German father. While his father dances in his room to Dock Boggs records while wearing a gas mask, his brother continually works-out in the hopes of becoming a wrestler, Julien is often walking the streets, or talking to himself as "King Julien".'] ["Keng , is a soldier assigned to a post in a small city in rural Thailand. The troops' main duties, it seems, is to investigate the mysterious slaying of cattle at local farms. While in the field one day, Keng meets Tong . Later, Keng sees Tong riding in a truck in town. The two men have made a connection and embark on a romance, taking trips in the countryside. Then one night, the country boy wanders off into the dark. The film's narrative abruptly shifts to a different story, about a soldier  sent alone into the woods to find a lost villager. In the woods, the soldier encounters the spirit of a tiger shaman , who taunts and bedevils the soldier, causing him to run through the woods and become lost and isolated himself."] ["Marguerite Muir is a dentist, single and middle-aged, independent and unpredictable of mood. Georges Palet is in his late 50s, married, and unemployed; he too is temperamental, and burdened by something in his past . When Georges discovers the discarded wallet from Marguerite's stolen handbag and hands it in to the police station, he allows himself to imagine the door opening to a romantic encounter. Marguerite initially has other ideas, but is later drawn towards Georges. Georges's wife Suzanne, Marguerite's best friend Josépha and two policemen are drawn into the entanglement of their lives. Georges and Marguerite share a passion for aviation, which leads to a flight with Suzanne in Marguerite's plane, while a farmer watches apprehensively from below. There is an uncertain resolution of their adventure, and the film ends with an enigmatic question from the farmer's daughter."] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ['The Man in the Planet  is seen moving levers in his home in space, while the head of Henry Spencer  is seen floating in the sky. A spermatozoon-like creature emerges from Spencer\'s mouth, floating into the void. In an industrial cityscape, Spencer walks home with his groceries. He is stopped outside his apartment by the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall , who informs him that his girlfriend, Mary&nbsp;X , has invited him to dinner with her family. Spencer leaves his groceries in his apartment, which is filled with piles of dirt and dead vegetation. That night, Spencer visits X\'s home, conversing awkwardly with her mother . At the dinner table, he is asked to carve a chicken that X\'s father  has "made"; the bird moves and writhes on the plate and gushes blood when cut. After dinner, Spencer is cornered by X\'s mother, who tries to kiss him. She tells him that X has had his child and that the two must marry. X, however, is not sure if what she bore is a child. The couple move into Spencer\'s one-room apartment and begin caring for the child—a swaddled bundle with an inhuman, snakelike face, resembling the spermatozoon creature seen earlier. The infant refuses all food, crying incessantly and intolerably. The sound drives X hysterical, and she leaves Spencer and the child. Spencer attempts to care for the child, and he learns that it struggles to breathe and has developed painful sores. Spencer begins experiencing visions, again seeing the Man in the Planet, as well as the Lady in the Radiator , who sings to him as she stomps upon miniature replicas of Spencer\'s child. After a sexual encounter with the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall, Spencer has another vision, seeing his own head fall off, revealing a stump underneath that resembles the child\'s face. Spencer\'s head falls from the sky, landing on a street and breaking open. A boy finds it, bringing it to a pencil factory to be turned into erasers. Spencer is then seen, in his normal form, in a billowing cloud of eraser shavings. Spencer tries to seek out the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall, but she has began taking other men home. Crushed, Spencer returns to his room, where the child is crying. He takes a pair of scissors and for the first time removes the child\'s swaddling. It is revealed that the child has no skin; the bandages held its internal organs together, and they spill apart after the rags are cut. The child gasps in pain, and Spencer stabs its organs with the scissors. The wounds gush a thick liquid, covering the child. The power in the room overloads, causing the lights to flicker; as they flick on and off the child grows to huge proportions. As the lights burn out completely, the child\'s head is replaced by the planet seen at the beginning. The side of the planet bursts apart, and inside, the Man in the Planet struggles his levers, which are now emitting sparks. Spencer is embraced warmly by the Lady in the Radiator, as both white light and white noise build to a crescendo before the screen turns black and silent.'] ['{{plot}} Radhika  has been married for over ten years to Nikhil  and is having an affair for the past six months with the interior designer of their new flat, Krish. Radhika is now pregnant with Krish’s child and pours out her plight to a friend, Rita . She mentions a particular incident where she suffered a miscarriage of their second child that had started the rift. Radhika says that she did not want to have this baby, while Nikhil did, and adds that both of them have not quite gotten over the miscarriage. Radhika wants to come clean with Nikhil, while Rita advises her to sort things out in her mind first as to what she wants before she tells Nikhil. Radhika then plays out various scenes in her mind where she has told Nikhil of her affair and visualizes different ways in which Nikhil could react. The first scenario has Nikhil lying on the couch while Radhika has confessed all and is helplessly asking him for advice as to what she should do now since she doesn’t have a clue. Nikhil is silent for the most part but lashes out at her when she mentions their daughter, Sakshi. Nikhil walks to the kitchen to make himself a cup of coffee and relates to Radhika for the first time, what he had to go through when she suffered the miscarriage. Nikhil then breaks down, saying that he came home on a day quite as ordinary as other days to find his wife was pregnant and the baby was not his. He seems fixated on the last part, and keeps re-iterating it. Radhika tries to reach out to him but he brushes her away. He slowly walks out of the kitchen, into the hall and then the balcony, as Radhika follows and realizes he has taken a jump from their high rise apartment. The next scenario has Radhika and Nikhil on their dining table, Nikhil is singing at the top of his voice, much to Radhika’s consternation, while he repeatedly refuses to believe Radhika’s confession, attributing it to the fact that Radhika is just a typical bored urban Indian wife and is making the whole story up for laughs. Nikhil pokes fun at the situation saying “Krish and Radha” are so perfect for each other, all the while nonchalantly pounding away on his laptop. Radhika retains her focus on the dining table again, where a supper time scenario is played out this time. As they sit down to eat, Nikhil starts off asking Radhika the cryptic question “Where do you go?”, and persisting with his interrogation of a sullen Radhika until exasperated, she asks him what exactly he means by that. Nikhil elaborates asking her where they go to screw. As Radhika replies they go to the new flat, Nikhil continues making crude remarks until Radhika asks him why he is doing it. Nikhil responds by banging a quarter plate on the table to make Radhika jump up and points out that that isn’t the way he is reacting, by screaming, pulling his hair out, or by throwing things around, and ventures Radhika to guess why he isn’t acting that way. When Radhika does ask him why, he says that he is able to maintain his cool due to the Indian Penal Code section 497 where Radhika is his private property and anyone trespassing could go to jail. Radhika disbelievingly says he wouldn’t do that, but Nikhil holds his stand. Nikhil proposes to talk to Radhika just as a friend in the next scenario played out in Radhika’s mind, where he asks her if she has thought about the future and what she wants to do. He suggests calling Krish over since he wants to ask him a few questions. Radhika thinks this is futile and asks him what he would ask Krish. Nikhil starts off by asking an imaginary Krish seated in their apartment if he loved Radhika, to which Krish responds in the affirmative. Nikhil then asks Radhika if she and Krish have thought about their future, and is quite incredulous when she says that they haven’t discussed anything like that in the six months that the affair has been going on. Nikhil then poses another question to Krish asking him if he would marry Radhika. On Krish’s slight hesitation to answer this question, Nikhil totally dismisses him telling Radhika that that isn’t the way he is supposed to respond, but is to say, “Of course, but I need some time”. Nikhil then points out to Radhika that Krish has walked out of the door and explains to her that he is just looking out for her since he is concerned. Nikhil takes on a jealous, egoistic stand in the next imagery depicted, hitting Radhika with the fact that she might have had an affair for 6 months, while he has been having one with her sister Anita for the past five years. Radhika disregards his claims saying that he is acting juvenile, and making this up just for revenge. A discussion of how good Nikhil is in bed ensues, where Radhika compares him to Krish, saying that he has reduced her to a pair of breasts and one other part in bed, without a face, without arms, without a neck. She relates how Krish has opened up a whole new world to her by concentrating and spending hours on her neck, which she never knew was so sensitive. Nikhil asks her to swear on Sakshi that Krish is better than him in bed, and when she refuses to do so, hangs on to some words of hers uttered in another context, and uses them to massage his ego, interpreting the same to his own self that he is better in bed. The next visualization has Nikhil drunk and sorting out CDs in the bedroom, as he calls out to Radhika to join him. Nikhil then starts off asking Radhika if she knows what “Supari” is. When she responds saying its money given to get rid of someone, Nikhil starts playing out a mock situation where he gives supari to get Krish maimed. He enacts a complete scene where the goons castrate Krish and place his genitals in a glass jar, in this case, the glass of champagne Nikhil is drinking acts as the prop and Nikhil directly takes a sip out of it after he has finished his little act. Radhika is visibly disgusted and walks out of the bedroom. A cut back to reality shows Radhika still confused and blaming her friend Rita for not helping her out. Rita then propounds her thesis with a plate of biscuits and a knife. There’s Radhika and the unborn baby, Sakshi, Nikhil and Krish, all represented by the biscuits. Rita moves the biscuits around the plate showing her the various permutations and combinations, and finally narrows it down to a straight choice between Krish and Nikhil, alternating the knife in quick motions on the two biscuits that represent them. Finally, Rita asks Radhika to eat up, and the two women now spontaneously break out into laughter at the situation Radhika is so tightly meshed up in. Radhika’s mind gets a bit intense with her imagining a scene next of returning home amidst sightings of Krishna in the city, and packing a few things of their daughter Sakshi into a brown box, while Nikhil has just returned from office. Radhika begins to silently weep and when Nikhil inquires as to why, she talks about seeing a girl on the roadside, about fourteen years old, and just 5 or 6 years older than Sakshi, breastfeeding a baby. While Nikhil is puzzling over why this would affect Radhika so much she blurts out that she is pregnant. Nikhil’s confusion turns to elation and further puzzlement when Radhika does not share his happiness. Radhika tells him about how she did not want to go through what happened five years ago when she had the miscarriage at which Nikhil really loses it, and calls her stupid since she doesn’t know what is good for her or will make her happy. The very next instant Radhika is lying on the floor, bruised badly, in her own vomit, her pants pulled down over her knees, while around broken glass strewn around show the evidence of a rape and struggle. Nikhil emerges from the balcony hearing the phone ring, and bathes the cuts on his face with astringent as he talks to his daughter, currently at Nana-Nani’s. Radhika now slowly emerges to wash and clean up, and dress her wounds. The last and most poignant of the scenarios revolves back to the dining table where both Radhika and Nikhil are sitting calm, the shared knowledge between them heavy. Radhika asks Nikhil if he has told anyone about their situation and while Nikhil says he hasn’t, Radhika says she has told Rita. Nikhil says that he didn’t tell anyone on the slim chance that she might change her mind, and chuckles while saying so. Radhika is quick to point out it is good he laughed at that point, since the fact is truly funny. Radhika further clears it up to Nikhil that he shouldn’t hang on to the fact, that she has made up her mind, her heart, and in fact many parts of her and they will not be easily changed. Nikhil, taking both her hands in his, asks her if that means he should start getting used to the fact that she isn’t going to be around. Nikhil is a little surprised since he did not realize there was something so fundamentally wrong with both of them. Radhika then starts opening up, telling Nikhil all the things that were missing from their marriage. She says she thinks they do not treat each other well, that she isn’t happy anymore, that she frowns in her sleep, as Nikhil himself pointed out to her one day, and that she starting to look like her mother at 33 itself. Nikhil asks if this is because he doesn’t say nice things anymore about the way she looks, and she admits that he wouldn’t even notice anything different about her any more, for instance if she got a new haircut, that she is a woman, and that Krish never lets her forget that. Nikhil tries to rationally justify the difference between how he responded to that when they were dating and now. His stand is that now, instead of praising a new haircut, he would point out that her hair was in her eyes, since this was more logical due to actual concern. Radhika also recalls the times when she was taking a shower and Nikhil would sing to her, and for which he didn’t have the time anymore now, and how she missed his voice, still misses his voice. Nikhil tries to sing and laughs it off as impossible since the situation isn’t right. A bit of conversation more, and Nikhil suddenly breaks into the song, Over the Rainbow from the Wizard of Oz. He asks if he can make her laugh, and starts laughing himself. Radhika catches up on the infectious laugh and they both seem to bond in strange strength and maturity.'] ['An unnamed narrator wanders through the Winter Palace  in Saint Petersburg. The narrator implies that he has died in some horrible accident and is a ghost drifting through the palace. In each room, he encounters various real and fictional people from various time periods in the city\'s three-hundred-year history. He is accompanied by "the European", who represents the nineteenth-century French traveller, the Marquis de Custine. Russian Ark uses the fourth wall device extensively, but repeatedly broken and re-erected; at times the narrator-director and the companion interact freely with the other performers; at other times, they go completely unnoticed. On a winter\'s day, a small party of men and women arrive by horse-drawn carriage to a minor, side entrance of the Winter Palace. The narrator (whose [[Perspective  meets another spectral but visible outsider, "the European", and follows him through numerous rooms of the Palace. Each room manifests a different period of Russian history; however the periods are not in chronological order. Featured are Peter the Great harassing one of his generals; a spectacular presentation of operas and plays in the era of Catherine the Great; a formal court proceeding in which Tsar Nicholas I is offered a formal apology by the Shah of Iran for the death of Alexander Griboedov, an ambassador; the idyllic family life of Tsar Nicholas II\'s children; the formal changing of the Palace Guard; the museum\'s director whispering the need to make repairs during the rule of Joseph Stalin and a desperate Leningrader making his own coffin during the 900-day siege of the city during World War II. A grand ball follows, featuring music by Mikhail Glinka, with many hundreds of participants in spectacular period costume, and a full orchestra conducted by Valery Gergiev, then a long final exit with a crowd down the Grand Staircase of the palace. The narrator then leaves the building through a side exit and sees an endless ocean, but does not look back or see the building, which can be interpreted as an ark preserving Russian culture as it floats in the sea of time.'] ['One narrative follows Miss Monde 1984/Miss Canada , who wins a contest of the "most virgin"; her prize is the marriage to a milk industry tycoon . However, following his degrading puritanical introduction to intercourse, she vents her intention to leave to her mother-in-law who, at that point, nearly has her killed. The family bodyguard  takes her away, further humiliates her, and finally packs her in a trunk bound for Paris. She finds herself on the Eiffel Tower, where she absently meets and has intercourse with a Latin singer, El Macho . The sexual act is interrupted by touring nuns who frighten the lovers into penis captivus. In her post-coital shocked state, she is adopted into an artist community led by Otto Muehl, where she finds affectionate care. The commune practices some liberating sessions, where a member, with the assistance of the others, goes through a birth experience, cries, urinates and defecates like a baby, while the others are cleaning and pampering him. Later she is seen acting for an obscene advertisement, in which she is naked, covered in liquid chocolate. The second narrative involves a woman, Anna Planeta  piloting a candy-filled boat down a river, with a large papier-mache head of Karl Marx on the prow. She picks up the hitchhiking sailor Potemkin , though she warns him that if he falls in love, she will kill him. He ignores her many suggestions for him to leave and their relationship evolves. Eventually, in the state of love making, she stabs him to death in their nidus of sugar. She also seduces children into her world of sweets and revolution. She is eventually apprehended and arrested by the police who lay down plastic sacks containing the children\'s bodies on the riverside, implying they too have been killed by Planeta. The film ends with the children, unseen by the others, being reborn from their plastic cocoons.'] ['The movie tells the story in pictures accompanied by the entire Brave record minus "Paper Lies" and the final song "Made Again". On the recording, it never really made clear that the girl the story is about commits suicide in the end. In the film, she does. Therefore, "Made Again", which concludes the story on the record as a happy ending of sorts, is not included. On the back of the cover of the videocassette, the following can be read: :Brave.. The Movie is a fifty minute concept film directed by cult movie director Richard Stanley. It is Stanley\'s stark vision of a young life in the 90\'s inspired by Marillion\'s album of the same name, which centres around a teenage girl who is found wandering in a state of amnesia on the Severn Bridge, and her consequent search for her past. Although this story bears similarities to actual recorded incidents in the history of the Severn Bridge we wish to stress that this is a work of fiction. On the bottom of the cover, the following lines can be read: "Watch it loud with the lights off."'] ['Yōji is a young lonely factory worker who falls for an equally lonely girl co-worker, Sachiko, but is unable to tell her of his interest. After he is assaulted in a theater by a crossdresser, Yōji finds what looks like an alien insect and hides it in his room. The next night, he comes across Sachiko being sexually attacked by another fellow worker. He attempts to come to her aid but is beaten. Sachiko feels sorry for him and returns with him to his apartment. During this encounter, Sachiko is attacked by the alien object which penetrates her and turns her into a bio-mechanical monster, a NecroBorg. These parasites take over human bodies and use their flesh to create weapons which they use to fight each other. Yōji is also infected and the plot eventually leads to a showdown fight to the death between the two would-be lovers. A side plot concerns a father who is out to kill the NecroBorgs who have also infected his daughter.'] ["A man  is holding an umbrella in the rain. Then, he starts dancing, and as he does, the backgrounds completely change. Then, he starts dancing near the ocean, with a woman and fish following. Then, he plays tennis with cel-animated circles as another man watches. A colorful array of shapes follow, and the man sits and thinks, as the shapes come back and images come off the score sheet. The music ends, and a man's voice says the following: Post Office Savings Bank puts a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow for you, followed by 'No deposit is too small for the Post Office Savings Bank'."] ['The film consists of several thematically linked scenes: five gatherings of a group of bourgeois friends, and the four dreams of different characters. The beginning of the film focuses on the gatherings, while the latter part focuses on the dreams, but both types of scenes are intertwined. There are also scenes involving other characters, such as two involving a Latin American female terrorist from the fictitious Republic of Miranda. The film\'s world is not logical: the bizarre events are accepted by the characters, even if they are impossible or contradictory. The film begins with a bourgeois couple, the Thévenots , accompanying M. Thévenot\'s colleague Rafael Acosta  and Mme. Thévenot\'s sister Florence , to the house of the Sénéchals, the hosts of a dinner party. Once they arrive, Alice Sénéchal  is surprised to see them and explains that she expected them the following evening and has no dinner prepared. The would-be guests invite Mme Sénéchal to join them for dinner at a nearby inn. Finally arriving at the inn, the party find it locked. They knock and are invited in, despite the waitress\' seeming reluctance and an ominous mention of "new management". Inside, there are no diners  and the sound of wailing voices from an adjoining room. It is learned that the manager died a few hours earlier and his former employees are holding vigil over his corpse, awaiting the coroner. The party hurriedly leave. Two days later, the bourgeois friends attempt to have lunch at the Sénéchals, but he  and his wife escape to the garden to have sex instead of joining them. One of the bourgeois friends takes this as a sign that perhaps the Sénéchals are aware the police are coming  and were leaving to avoid arrest. The party leaves again in panic. Then the women visit a tea house, which turns out to have run out of all beverages - tea, coffee, milk, and herbal tea, although it finally turns out that they do have water. While they are waiting, a soldier tells them about his childhood and how, after the death of his mother, his education was taken over by his cold-hearted father. The soldier\'s mother  informs him that the man is not his real father, but in fact killed the soldier\'s father during a duel over his mother. Following his ghost mother\'s request, the soldier poisons and kills the culprit. When the Senechals return from their garden after sneaking off to make love, their friends are gone but they meet a bishop who had arrived shortly after. He greets them in their gardener\'s clothing, and they angrily throw him out. When he returns in his bishop\'s robes, they embrace him with deference, exposing their prejudice, snobbery, and hypocrisy. The bishop asks to work for them as their gardener. He explains to them about his childhood - about how his parents were murdered by arsenic poisoning, and the culprit was never apprehended. Later on in the film, he goes to bless a dying man, but when it turns out that the man had killed the bishop\'s parents, he first blesses him, then fires a shotgun, killing the man - thus closing the circle of hypocrisy. Various other aborted dinners ensue, with interruptions including the arrival of a group of French army officers who join the dinner, or the revelation that a French colonel\'s dining room is in fact a stage set in a theatrical performance, during a dream sequence. Ghosts make frequent appearances in what seemed to be disconcerting dream sequences. Buñuel plays tricks on his characters, luring them toward fine dinners that they expect, and then repeatedly frustrating them in inventive ways. They bristle, and politely express their outrage, but they never stop trying; they relentlessly expect and pursue all that they desire, as though it were their natural right to have others serve and pamper them. He exposes their sense of entitlement, their hypocrisy, and their corruption. In the dream sequences, he explores their intense fears - not just of public humiliation, but of being caught by police, and mowed down by guns. At least one character\'s dream sequence is later revealed to be nested, or embedded, in another character\'s dream sequence. As the dreams-within-dreams unfold, it appears that Buñuel is also playing tricks on his audience, as we try to make sense of the story. A recurring scene throughout the film, wherein the six people are walking silently and purposefully on a long, isolated country road toward a mysterious destination, is also in the final sequence.'] ['Oscar lives in Tokyo and supports himself by dealing drugs, against the advice of his friend, Alex, and his sister, Linda. Alex attempts to turn Oscar\'s interest toward The Tibetan Book of the Dead, a Buddhist book about the afterlife. The first act follows Oscar\'s nightly routine through strict point-of-view shots, including momentary blackouts that represent blinking, and extended sequences of drug-induced hallucination. Oscar and Alex leave the apartment to deliver drugs to Oscar\'s friend Victor. On the way, Alex explains parts of The Tibetan Book of the Dead to Oscar: how the spirit of a dead person sometimes stays among the living until it begins to experience nightmares, after which it attempts to reincarnate. They arrive at a bar called The Void. Oscar enters alone and sits down with a distressed Victor, who mutters "I\'m sorry" before they are swarmed by police officers. Oscar seals himself in a bathroom stall and attempts to flush his drugs. When the flush does not work, he yells through the door that he has a gun and will shoot. In response, a police officer fires and hits Oscar, who falls to the floor. Oscar\'s viewpoint rises and looks at his body from above, and then we begin to witness his life in a roughly chronological order. His loving parents were killed in a violent car crash; Oscar and Linda, devoted to each other, were sent to different foster homes; Oscar moved to Tokyo and earned money through drug dealing until he could afford to bring Linda to live with him; Linda found work as a stripper for the nightclub owner Mario, to Oscar\'s distress; Oscar increased the scope of his dealing operations and started using potent psychedelics—in particular, DMT—more frequently; Victor discovered that Oscar slept with Victor\'s mother; and finally, we again see Oscar meet Victor at The Void to sell him drugs, only to be shot in the bathroom. Next, a disembodied Oscar floats over Tokyo and witnesses the aftermath of his death. Linda becomes withdrawn and despondent, especially after getting an abortion; Oscar\'s dealer, Bruno, destroys his stash; Alex lives in hiding on the streets, and Linda wishes she would have been with Alex instead of Mario, as Oscar had wanted. On one occasion Linda wishes that Oscar would come back to life; Oscar then enters Linda\'s head, after which he wakes up at the morgue. Linda and Mario arrive and pick him up, but they are disgusted by him and he is unable to speak. Oscar is eventually convinced by Alex that he is dreaming, and returns to watch his friends from a floating perspective. Victor screams at his mother because she had sex with his friend and is thrown out of his parents\' home. He shows up at Linda\'s apartment and apologises for having her brother killed, but says Linda is partially to blame since she hung around with creeps. This angers Linda, who repeatedly screams that Victor should kill himself. Oscar hovers high above Tokyo and enters an airplane, where he sees his mother, who breast-feeds a baby to whom she whispers Oscar\'s name. The view then drops to Linda and Alex, who take a taxi to a Tokyo love hotel and have sex. Oscar moves between hotel rooms and observes several other couples having sex in various positions. Each couple emanates a pulsating electric-like glow from their genitals. Oscar enters Alex\'s head and witnesses the sex with Linda from Alex\'s point of view. He then travels inside Linda\'s vagina to witness Alex\'s thrusting, then observes his ejaculation and follows the semen into the fertilisation of his sister\'s ovum. The final scene is shot from the perspective of a baby being born to Oscar\'s mother. According to the director, this is a flashback to Oscar\'s birth in the form of a false memory.'] ['"Smoking" and "No Smoking" are two segments of the film which are based on closely connected plays. The original plays covered eight separate stories, which have been pared down to three each for these movies. At a certain point in the story of each segment, the five female characters  and the four male characters  have their lives skillfully recapped in terms of "what might have happened" if they had made or failed to make certain choices. For example, "No Smoking" focuses chiefly on the relationship between the mild-mannered Miles Coombes and his infinitely more aggressive and ambitious wife, Rowena. The narrator is voiced by Peter Hudson.'] ['During the Great depression in 1933 in Winnipeg, Canada, an old fortune teller is predicting the future for Chester Kent , a failing Broadway producer, and his nymphomaniac amnesiac girlfriend Narcissa . The fortune teller predicts doom, but Chester laughs it off, and rides a train into Winnipeg. The baroness Helen, Lady Port-Huntley  announces a competition to find the saddest music in the world; she hopes that the competition will raise the sales of her beer, especially since Prohibition is about to end. Chester decides to enter the contest representing America. It emerges that Lady Port-Huntley, who has no legs, was once Chester\'s lover; and saying that "of all the people in the world, you know the least about grief", she orders him to try to make her cry by retelling how she lost her legs. It emerges that his dad Fyodor Kent  was also in love with her. After she left him, Fyodor became an alcoholic. One day as they were driving as Helen performs oral sex on Chester, they crashed into Fyodor\'s car, and Helen\'s left leg was trapped in the wreckage. A drunken Fyodor, determined to save and marry his beloved, amputated her leg but removed the wrong one accidentally. In the present, Lady Port-Huntley tells Chester he can try, but she doesn\'t think he\'ll succeed. Fyodor also shows up and enters the contest to represent Canada. Musicians are streaming into Winnipeg, including Roderick Kent , representing Serbia. Roderick is swathed in mourning and hypochondria, because his young son died and his wife is missing. As soon as he arrives, he and Chester begin grating on each other. A sober Fyodor also reveals that he has been making prosthetic legs for Helen to atone for his tragic mistake. She\'s allergic to wood and leather, so he uses glass ones, and fills them with her brand of beer. The contest begins, with various countries pitted against each other. Fyodor\'s melodramatic piano ballad is soon defeated, but Chester\'s glitzy "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot" act wins over the audience. Unfortunately Roderick sees Narcissa singing from a swinging seat, and collapses in horror realizing it\'s his wife singing. Roderick manages to do his act, and defeats everyone with his heartbreaking cello music. After, Roderick gives his father\'s glass legs to Lady Port-Huntley, who is able to walk for the first time in years. Overjoyed, she reunites with Chester, but when Fyodor begs her for forgiveness, she refuses to give it. Shattered, Fyodor returns to drinking, falls through the glass ceiling of the contest arena into a pool of beer, and dies. Meanwhile, Roderick has reunited with his wife; since Narcissa doesn\'t remember him or their son, however, she simply regards him as a one-night stand, and sings a tragic love song as if it were a showtune. Roderick accidentally drops a jar containing his dead son\'s heart, and it shatters. Roderick becomes determined to defeat his brother, and plays his most plaintive music ever, while Chester manipulates the audience with his showtunes, often buying out other countries he\'s defeated in the contest to "join America" in his performance. Soon the brothers are the only ones left in the competition, and Lady Port-Huntley &mdash; with her glass legs &mdash; is part of Chester\'s final act. But a few jagged notes from Roderick\'s cello are enough to spring leaks in the glass, and the legs collapse. Horrified and humiliated, she orders her gigolo to carry her back to her office. Roderick plays his most tragic piece, and Narcissa sings sadly to it as her memories return. Chester goes to comfort Helen, but she stabs him with a giant piece of glass from her shattered legs. The bleeding Chester staggers out smoking a cigar, dropping a match in a puddle of spilled beer. Soon the entire building goes up in flames. Teddy rescues Helen, and Roderick and Narcissa escape. Chester staggers to a piano and plays Narcissa\'s ballad &mdash; the saddest music in the world &mdash; as he burns in the fire.'] ['Just after the fall of the Berlin Wall, Lemmy Caution roams around the city aimlessly. The film is part narrative and part documentary essay picture about German history and politics.'] ["Waking Life is about an unnamed young man living an ethereal existence that lacks transitions between everyday events and that eventually progresses to a state of self-reflective lucidity. For most of the film he observes quietly but later participates actively in philosophical discussions involving other characters—ranging from quirky scholars and artists to everyday restaurant-goers and friends—about such issues as metaphysics, free will, social philosophy, and the meaning of life. Other scenes do not even include the protagonist's presence, but rather, show an isolated person or couple speaking about such topics from a disembodied perspective. Along the way, the film touches also upon existentialism, situationist politics, posthumanity, the film theory of André Bazin, and lucid dreaming, and makes references to various celebrated intellectual and literary figures by name. Gradually, the protagonist realizes that he is living out a perpetual dream, broken up only by occasional false awakenings. So far he is mostly a passive onlooker, though this changes during a chat with a woman. After she eccentrically greets and shares her creative ideas with him, he reminds himself of his recent realization and of the fact that she must, therefore, be a figment of his own dreaming imagination. Afterwards, he starts to converse more openly with other dream characters as well; however, he ultimately begins to despair about being utterly trapped in this unending, irresolvable state of existence. The protagonist's final talk is with a character who looks somewhat similar to the protagonist himself and whom he briefly encountered previously, earlier on in the film. This last conversation reveals this other character's understanding that reality may be only a single instant that the individual interprets falsely as time ; that living is simply the individual's constant negation of God's invitation to become one with the universe; that dreams offer a glimpse into the infinite nature of reality; and that in order to be free from the illusion called life, the individual need only to accept God's invitation, though he does not explicitly explain how this is achieved. The protagonist is last seen walking into a driveway when he suddenly begins to levitate, paralleling a scene at the start of the film of a floating child in the same driveway. Unlike the child who grabbed firmly onto the handle of a nearby car, however, the protagonist uncertainly reaches toward the same handle but is too swiftly lifted above the vehicle and over the trees. He now rises into the endless blue expanse of the sky until he disappears from view altogether."] ["The first image in the film is of a pictogram. The section shown depicts several tall darkly-shadowed figures standing near a taller figure adorned with a crown. The next image is a close-up of a rocket during liftoff. The film fades into a shot of a desolate desert landscape. From there, it progresses to footage of various natural environmental phenomena such as waves and clouds. The film's introduction to human involvement in the environment is a low aerial shot of choppy water, cutting to a similar shot of rows of cultivated flowers. After aerial views of monumental rock formations partly drowned by a lake, we see a large mining truck causing billows of black dust. This is followed by shots of power lines in the desert. Man's continued involvement in the environment is depicted through images of mining operations, oil fields, a power plant, a dam, and atomic bomb detonations in a desert. Following the atomic bomb detonations, the next sequence begins with a shot of sunbathers on a beach, then pans to a power plant in the background. Shots of traffic patterns are seen during rush hour on a freeway and a shot of a large parking lot. This is followed with stock footage of Soviet tanks lined up in rows and a military aircraft, and an aircraft carrier. Time-lapse photography of shadows of clouds are seen moving across the skyscrapers. Shots of various housing projects in disrepair, and includes footage of the decay and demolition of a housing project. The sequence ends with footage of the destruction of large buildings. A time-lapse shot of a crowd of people who appear to be waiting in a line. This is followed by shots of people walking along streets in slow motion. The next sequence begins with shots of buildings and a shot of a sunset reflected in the glass of a skyscraper. The sequence uses time-lapse photography of the activity of modern life. The events captured in this sequence involve people interacting with modern technology. The first shots are traffic patterns as seen from skyscrapers at night. This is followed by a shot of the moon passing behind a skyscraper. The next shots are closer shots of cars on a highway. The sun rises over the city and we see people hurrying to work. The film shows at regular speed the operation of machines packaging food. People are shown sorting mail, sewing jeans, manufacturing televisions and doing other jobs with the use of modern technology. A shot of hot dogs being sent down rows of conveyors is followed by a shot of people moving up escalators. The frenetic speed and pace of the cuts and background music do not slow as shots of modern leisure are shown. People eat, play, shop and work at the same speed. The sequence begins to come full circle as the manufacturing of automobiles in an assembly line factory is shown. More shots of highway traffic are shown, this time in daylight. The film shows the movement of cars, shopping carts, and televisions on an assembly line, and elevators moving from first person perspective. The film then shows clips from various television shows being channel surfed in fast motion. The film, in slow motion, then shows several people reacting to being candidly filmed on the street. The camera stays on them until the moment when they acknowledge its presence by looking directly at it. The sequence then shows cars moving much faster than they were moving before. Pictures of microchips and satellite photography of metropolitan cities are shown, making a comparison between their layouts. Various shots of people are seen from all walks of modern life, from beggars to debutantes. The final sequence shows footage of a Saturn V rocket lifting off, followed by footage of the May 1962 explosion of an Atlas-Centaur rocket. Here, the camera follows a flaming rocket engine and a white vapor trail or smoke against a blue sky as the rocket plummets toward the ground. The film ends with another shot of the pictogram."] ['Aist is a middle-aged bachelor who leads a lonely life in the northern town of Neya. Like many of his neighbours, he identifies himself as a Meryan and strives to keep alive the ancient traditions of his people. One day his boss, Miron, informs Aist of the death of his wife Tanya. Later, the pair spend quite some time washing her body and putting coloured threads in her pubic hair. . The two men take her body to Gorbatov , in order to perform cremation rites on the banks of the Oka River. In the car, they carry with them two Bunting birds. On their way back to Neya, they get lost and are approached by two prostitutes, with whom they have sex. Later on, while crossing "the great Meryan river" , on the Kineshma Bridge, the Buntings fly around the car, causing it to crash into the river. Both men drown.'] ['Chas  is a soldier in an East London gang led by Harry Flowers ; his speciality is intimidation through violence as he collects pay-offs for Flowers. He is very good at his job, and has a reputation for liking it. His sexual liaisons are casual and rough. When Flowers decides to take over a betting shop, owned by Joey Maddocks , he forbids Chas to get involved, as he feels Chas\'s complicated personal history with Maddocks may lead to trouble. Chas is angry about this and later humiliates Maddocks, who retaliates by wrecking Chas\'s apartment and attacking Chas himself. Chas shoots him, packs a suitcase and runs from the scene. When Flowers makes it clear that he has no intention of offering protection to Chas but instead wants him eliminated, Chas decides to head for the countryside to hide, but instead winds up hiding out in London, requesting a trusted friend help him get out of the country. He assumes a new name, Johnny Dean, appears at the house of Turner , ingratiates himself with Pherber , one of the female inhabitants, and moves in. Turner is a reclusive, eccentric former rock star who has "lost his demon" and who lives there with his female friends Pherber and Lucy , with whom he enjoys a non-possessive and bi-sexual ménage à trois. At first, Chas is contemptuous of Turner and Turner attempts to return the rent paid in advance but they start influencing each other. Chas also enjoys intimate moments with Pherber during which he shows his homophobic tendencies. Pherber and Turner understand his conflict and want to understand what makes him function so well within his world. To speed up the process they make him take hallucinogenic drugs . After that evening Chas opens up. He begins a caring relationship with Lucy, implying that he outgrew the psychological boundaries he was stuck in due to having to function as a stereotypically masculine man within a gangster world. Subsequently, at the end of the film, Turner is shot by Chas and Pherber is last seen hiding in a cupboard. Chas seems to agree to be \'welcomed back\' to his former boss Harry Flowers by Rosie , another Flowers thug; we understand that they are going to kill him. As the car drives off, the face we see through the window is ambiguous – it could be Chas or it could be Turner.'] ['We Are the Strange focuses on "two diametrically opposed outcasts" as they "fight for survival in a sinister fantasy world." These two outcasts are an abused woman named Blue who has a mysterious degenerative disease and a living doll named eMMM. The two meet in the Forest of Still Life, where Blue follows eMMM to Stopmo City on a search for his ideal ice cream parlor. Upon arriving in Stopmo City, they are caught in the middle of a fierce battle between bizarre monsters, making their progress difficult. Thankfully, a hero named Rain appears and easily destroys every monster that faces him. Blue meets Rain before he partakes in an "impossible battle against the source of all that is evil in Stopmo City." During the battle, Rain, along with Ori are crushed by Him after Rain states he wants to avenge his son. When the outlook seems grim, a fist made of aluminum foil breaks through the ground and starts the final showdown between good and evil. Six alternate soundtracks and author\'s commentary, including soundtrack by Noise Inc. are available on the DVD. The music used in We Are the Strange Trailer has been made by chiptune artist YERZMYEY/AY-RIDERS  using ZX Spectrum computer.'] ["Erik  quits his job at his step dad's  sporting goods store, mutually breaks up with his girlfriend Jessica  and meets a new girl Sarah . At a crossroads he decides to travel with Sarah to Chicago. His roommate  stays in Memphis to lounge at a baby pool in the front yard and perform at coffee shops."] ['Berlin: Symphony of a Metropolis is largely an avant-garde film, and does not have a story or a plot. However, the events of the film are arranged to simulate the passage of a single day .Silents Are Golden entry Shots and scenes are cut together based on relationships of image, motion, point of view, and thematic content. At times, a sort of non-narrative commentary can be implied, as in edits that juxtapose workers entering a factory with cattle being beaten and driven into a corral. The five reel film is divided into five acts, and each act is announced through a title card at the beginning and end. One leitmotiv that is present in all of the acts, which largely connects them, is the theme of the train and streetcar. Much of the motion in the film, and many of the scene transitions, are built around the motion of trains and streetcars. I Akt: The first act starts the day, beginning with calm waters and a graphic representation of a sunrise. Railroad crossing gates are lowered, a train travels through down the tracks and proceeds into the city, ending with a graphic of the "Berlin" sign approaching. The film then transitions through calm and empty streets, to the gradual process of the city waking up. At first, only objects are seen, such as a bit of paper blowing through an empty street, but soon a few people arise, then more are about, and the activity builds to crowds of workers going to work, pedestrians, busy streetcars, trains etc. A hand manipulates a lever, effectively turning on the city, and factory machinery springs to life. Glass bulbs are produced, sheets of metal are cut, molten steel is poured, smokestacks are seen against the sky, and the first act ends. II Akt: The second act shows more of the general life of the city, beginning with the opening of gates, shutters, windows, doors, people busy cleaning, fruit carts, children going to school. Mailmen start their day, shops open. Different classes of people are seen, some mounting buses and streetcars, while wealthy men enter chauffeured private cars. The city is bustling with activity. Office workers prepare to start their day, as roll top desks open, people set out their pens, paper, open books, remove the cases from typewriters, and a bank of typists quickly erupt into activity. Keys on keyboards spiral around one another, and a montage of a spinning hypnotist\'s wheel, monkeys biting one another, telephone operators, machinery, and dogs fighting is mixed into the general busy work of the office, building quickly to a crescendo... phone receivers hang up. End of the second act. III Akt: The third act shows more busy street life, and a variety of people of different classes going about their business. There are industrial workers, construction workers, salespeople, shoppers, etc. A fight between two men breaks out briefly, but is quickly stopped by bystanders and a policeman. There are many crowds, a father and bride arriving at a wedding, some flirtation between people on the street, a coffin on a hearse seen through the windows of a streetcar, a diplomat arrives at a ministry, the Reich President is saluted by police, a conservative students\' organization is marching with banners, an angry protestor lectures a crowd, there are a few glimpses of racial minorities, lots of workers, and plenty of chaotic activity. Trains, trains, trains, and several newspapers held up for display, dissolving over one another, bringing us to the end of the third act. IV Akt: The fourth act starts with a lunch break. 12:00 is shown on a clock, and the spinning wheels of a factory slow to a stop. A variety of workers leave their workplaces. People start to eat and drink, and animals feed. Some poignant transitions intercut a wealthy diner with a lion feeding on meat from a bone, and hungry street kids embracing their mother clothed in rags sitting out on the steps. Many types of people eat, and some rest. Some poor folk sleep on benches or wall ledges, while activity goes on around them. Animals are seen resting, as an elephant lays down, a work dog tethered to a cart lies on the pavement, various zoo animals loll about. Idle kids play. Finally, a demanding diner in a cafe taps his spoon on a sugar bowl, and it awakens the city again, as the animals rise, then factory machinery starts up, and workers return to work. A paper press churns out newspapers, and a man reads a paper which is held up for our view... words leap up prominently from the page, first "Krise" , then "Mord" , Börse , "Heirat" , and then six times "Geld... Geld...Geld" . A storm of sorts arises, with the montage of revolving doors, wind, roller coasters and trains, rain, cyclones of leaves, a woman peering frantically over a rail into water, cut against P.O.V.s of roller coasters, churning water, a crowd looking down, a splash, eyes, fighting dogs, etc. The chaos eventually subsides, and the day winds down, as workers finish their day, and recreation begins. Children play in a lake, boats come out to race, and many kinds of races and games are displayed, finally concluding with a few romantic couples on park benches and the fall of night. V Akt: The fifth and final act is devoted to the people\'s entertainment at night. House lights come on, then many advertising signs are lit, and people go out to the theater. Curtains open on a variety of performances, including showgirl burlesques, trapeze artists, jugglers, singers and dancers. Audiences gather in a movie theater, and a brief glimpse is seen of Chaplin\'s distinctive feet and cane at the bottom of a movie screen. As people leave a theater show, some sexuality is implied by a man\'s hand caressing a woman\'s bare arm as they enter a taxi, and her bare calf and frilly skirt are displayed. They pull away, ignoring a child beggar, and a lit up hotel sign is next displayed. Another montage of entertainments includes ice shows and hockey, skiers, sledders, indoor races, boxing and dance contests. The leitmotiv of streetcars continues, and rail workers continue to work through the night. People drink, flirt, and dance in beer halls and cocktail lounges, while card games and roulette are played. The city starts to spin wildly, transitions into a firework display, and thus ends the final act and the film.'] ['Poppo, a teenage girl, is raped by four boys on the roof of a seven-story apartment building. She asks them to kill her, but they mock her and leave. Tsukio, a teenage boy, has been watching the rape passively. Over the next couple days, Poppo and Tsukio begin a relationship, telling each other of their troubled past and philosophizing about their fate. Poppo describes earlier rapes, which are shown in flashback. In a color flashback, Tsukio tells of his own recent sexual abuse at the hands his parents and another couple, all of whom he has stabbed to death. Poppo repeatedly asks Tsukio to kill her, but he refuses. When the gang returns and again rapes Poppo, Tsukio kills each of them and their three girlfriends. While he is doing this, Poppo follows him complaining that he refuses her request, yet is killing the gang. The story ends with Poppo and Tsukio both jumping off the apartment roof to their deaths.Synopsis based on {{cite book}}, {{cite web}}'] ['  The film opens with a title card reading "Once upon a time". A middle-aged man  sharpens his razor at his balcony door and tests the razor on his thumb. He then opens the door, and idly fingers the razor while gazing at the moon, about to be engulfed by a thin cloud, from his balcony. There is a cut to a close-up of a young woman  being held by the man as she calmly stares straight ahead. Another cut occurs to the moon being overcome by the cloud as the man slits the woman\'s eye with the razor, and the vitreous humour spills out from it. The subsequent title card reads "eight years later". A slim young man  bicycles down a calm urban street wearing what appears to be a nun\'s habit and a striped box with a strap around his neck. A cut occurs to the young woman from the first scene, who has been reading in a sparingly furnished upstairs apartment. She hears the young man approaching on his bicycle and casts aside the book she was reading . She goes to the window and sees the young man lying on the curb, his bicycle on the ground. She emerges from the building and attempts to revive the young man. Later, the young woman assembles pieces of the young man\'s clothing on a bed in the upstairs room, and concentrates upon the clothing. The young man appears near the door. The young man and the young woman stare at his hand, which has a hole in the palm from which ants emerge. A slow transition occurs focusing on the armpit hair of the young woman as she lies on the beach and a sea urchin at a sandy location. There is a cut to an androgynous young woman in the street below the apartment, poking at a severed hand with a cane while surrounded by a large crowd and a policeman. The crowd clears when the policeman places the hand in the box previously carried by the young man and gives it to the young woman. The androgynous young woman contemplates something happily while standing in the middle of the now busy street clutching the box. She is then run over by a car and a few bystanders gather around her. The young man and the young woman watch these events unfold from the apartment window. The young man seems to take sadistic pleasure in the androgynous young woman\'s danger and subsequent death, and as he gestures at the shocked young woman in the room with him, he leers at her and grasps her bosom. The young woman resists him at first, but then allows him to touch her as he imagines her nude from the front and the rear. The young woman pushes him away as he drifts off and she attempts to escape by running to the other side of the room. The young man corners her as she reaches for a racquet in self-defense, but he suddenly picks up two ropes and drags two grand pianos containing dead and rotting donkeys, stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments, and two rather bewildered priests  who are attached by ropes. As he is unable to move, the young woman escapes the room. The young man chases after her, but she traps his hand, which is infested with ants, in the door. She finds the young man in the next room, dressed in his nun\'s garb in the bed.  The subsequent title card reads "around three in the morning". The young man is roused from his rest by the sound of a door-buzzer ringing . The young woman goes to answer the door and does not return. Another young man dressed in lighter clothing  arrives in the apartment, gesturing angrily at him. The second young man forces the first one to throw away his nun\'s clothing and then makes him stand against a wall. The subsequent title card reads "Sixteen years ago." We see the second young man from the front for the first time as he admires the art supplies and books on the table near the wall and forces the first young man to hold two of the books as he stares at the wall. The first young man eventually shoots the second young man when the books abruptly turn into pistols. The second young man, now in a meadow, dies while swiping at a nude figure which suddenly disappears into thin air. A group of men come and carry his corpse away. The young woman returns to the apartment and sees a death head moth. The first young man sneers at her as she retreats and wipes his mouth off his face with his hand. The young woman very nervously applies some lipstick in response. Subsequently the first young man makes the young woman\'s armpit hair attach itself to where his mouth would be on his face through gestures. The young woman looks at the first young man with disgust, and leaves the apartment sticking her tongue out at him. As she exits her apartment, the street is replaced by a coastal beach, where the young woman meets a third man with whom she walks arm in arm. He shows her the time on his watch and they walk near the rocks, where they find the remnants of the first young man\'s nun\'s clothing and the box. They seem to walk away clutching each other happily and make romantic gestures in a long tracking shot. However, the film abruptly cuts to the final shot with a title card reading "In Spring," showing the couple buried in sand up to their elbows.'] 