['Jackass Number Two is a compilation of various stunts, pranks and skits, and essentially has no plot. The film opens with an introduction of the nine cast members while they\'re being chased by bulls in a neighborhood. As the stampede chases them, Ryan Dunn jumps into a station wagon before a bull rips off the open door. Preston Lacy is pushed through a fence by a bull while trying to get over it. Dave England takes cover in a garbage can, which is knocked aside by a bull. Jason "Wee-Man" Acuña is knocked to the ground by a calf, and Chris Pontius is thrown into a kiddie pool by a bull\'s horns. Ehren McGhehey and Steve-O jump and break through a garden fence to avoid being hit. Johnny Knoxville and Bam Margera are left, and get chased into a house. Bam jumps through a window, and Johnny stops in his tracks to deliver his signature line, "Hi, I’m Johnny Knoxville, welcome to Jackass!", before being blasted through a window by several bulls, followed by the film\'s title appearing onscreen. The movie finishes with Johnny Knoxville in what appears to be a hotel room with a bear trap. The set then falls down to reveal a Busby Berkeley-style movie musical production number set to the La Cage aux Folles song "The Best of Times", where the cast sing and dance while getting battered by violent stunts. As in the first film, Rip Taylor is seen at the end of the sequence claiming that he is feeling not so good because of a drink called "The Piledriver".'] ["Chad  is snowboarding down a mountain, when suddenly a skiier dressed in black attacks him. Chad attempts to get away, but is decapitated by a piece of wire strung up between two trees. Meanwhile, college student Kimberly  is going on a trip to an abandoned ski resort, which her father will be buying soon, with her boyfriend Cole , cousin Pike , and friends Skyler , Robyn  and Kirk . While stopping off at a gas station, the group bump into the European Christophe , who they quickly invite along with them. Cole and Skyler go back into town to retrieve beer, but are warned away from the resort by a bartender, Bud . Skyler also briefly meets Bud's daughter Shelly  whom he takes a liking too. Arriving back at the resort, the group partake in drinking games until the town Sheriff  shows up. Kimberly and Robyn manage to bribe him to let them stay there for the night, however as the Sheriff leaves the cabin he is stabbed to death. Kimberly then tells the others that a few years previous, a group of snowboarders murdered a young girl at the resort, and that's why it had closed down. The next day, the group go snowboarding. Kirk stumbles upon a small building hidden in the mountain. As he enters to investigate, he is stabbed in the stomach with an icicle by the killer. Meanwhile, Skyler bumps into Shelly while she ski's. The two get on well and decide to stick together, but Bud appears and sends Shelly home. As Robyn uses the chairlift, the killer boards with her before attempting to throw her off. Robyn fights back and manages to push them off the chairlift, but as she prepares to deboard her scarf wraps around the handle and she is eventually hung. At the cabin, Skyler meets up with Cole and Pike, before the trio stumble upon the Sheriff's body. The group are quick to suspect Chrisophe as the murderer, and set off to warn the others. While searching, they find the little girl perserved in ice, and Skyler is stabbed in the leg with an axe by the killer, but manages to escape. Kimberly and Christophe find a hot tub, where Kimberly discovers Christophe was at the resort when the little girl was murdered, and that all other witnesses had been murdered. Christophe suspects Bud for the previous killings, as to get revenge for the death of his youngest daughter. Kimberly and Christophe then begin to have sex. Cole soon sees the pair and angrirly leaves, prompting Kimberly to follow him. After they leave, Christophe is beat to death with a shovel. Returning back to the cabin, the survivors find the car has been broken and the dead bodies of their friends lined up in the snow. In the cabin, the group tend to Skyler's leg. Cole and Pike go outside to fix the car, leaving Kimberly and Skyler in the cabin. The killer sneaks inside and murders Skyler, stabbing him through the eye with a ski pole. Kimberly hides from the killer in a cupboard, where she finds her friend Chad's body. The killer manages to break in the cupboard and stabs Kimberly. Cole rushes inside, but finds Kimberly dead before the killer locks him in the cabin. Outside, Pike fixes the car. The killer swiftly attacks her however, and in a panic she crashes the car before the killer hits her in the head. Cole manages to get outside and finds Pike persumably dead. Cole travels up the mountain, taunting the killer. He is soon shot at by a figure, revealed to be Bud. Bud tells Cole he simply wanted to scare the group away from the area, but Cole tries to escape. Bud chases him on a snowmobile, and is quickly decapitated by a piece of wire strung up between two trees. Cole then makes his way into town. After entering an alley, he becomes trapped as the killer drives a large shredding truck to block his path. The killer reveals themselves to be Shelly, who wants to get revenge for the death of her younger sister. As she is about to murder Cole, Pike shows herself to be alive, shoots Shelly who then falls into the shredder. Cole and Pike leave the town and persumably start a relationship."] ["Real life drama, humor, death-defying waves, rivalries, parties, heart-break, romance, injuries, and humanity all collide during the nearly two month competition on Hawaii's 7 Mile Miracle. The film follows multiple story lines over the course of the entire competition, taking the real-life events to construct a moving story."] ["Twitch tells the story of a young girl torn between two worlds: her domestic life where she must care for her mother, who uses a wheelchair, and her escape into the emerging world of sexuality with her eager, hormone-addled boyfriend. Leah's mother plays the Mother role in an essentially autobiographical role for the filmmaker. The making of the film was a component of the IFC series Film School, chronicling the first time filmmaking efforts of four New York University graduate film school students.{{cite news}}"] [' As his contract nears expiration in March 1996, professional wrestler Bret "Hitman" Hart was torn between two companies, World Wrestling Federation  and World Championship Wrestling  during the Monday Night Wars. On one hand, the WWF was his home. The chairman of the company, Vince McMahon, is a father figure to Hart and takes credit for Hart\'s rise to international wrestling stardom. However, the company\'s new creative approach to marketing professional wrestling, the "WWF Attitude" marketing brand which relies on an emphasis on sex, extreme violence, and the replacing of heroic wrestling characters with disaffected anti-heroes in effort to compete against the already-popular WCW, has left Hart disillusioned. Ted Turner\'s WCW, on the other hand, was willing to pay him a great deal to "jump ship" as well as give him a fresh start in a company that offers a more wholesome approach. Hart chooses to remain loyal, and despite the fact that WWF\'s Raw Is War is losing the Monday Night Wars to its rival WCW Monday Nitro, he signs a twenty year deal with the WWF. McMahon soon retracts the deal, and encourages Hart to move on to WCW, citing financial reasons. This leaves him with no choice but to take WCW President Eric Bischoff\'s offer and prepare to leave the WWF. As the still-reigning WWF Champion, conflicts arise regarding his final match with the company, including Hart\'s unwillingness to drop the WWF Championship. To be more precise, Hart is not willing to lose the title to Shawn Michaels, with whom he holds a bitter, real-life rivalry, in his home country of Canada. This leads to one of the most infamous events in professional wrestling known as the Montreal Screwjob. This documentary is a rare look at professional wrestling behind the scenes. Examples include Hart discussing with The Undertaker and Pat Patterson how matches will proceed, Bret\'s wife, Julie, accusing Triple H of being in on the "screwjob", and the monstrous Vader discussing his recently acquired real estate license and future career plans. Wrestling with Shadows also gives a rare look at Hart\'s family life as well as the Hart House—childhood home to Bret Hart as well as the rest of his extensive, wrestling-oriented family. Hart\'s mother, Helen, describes how she hates wrestling and has been wishing the family would abandon it for decades. Hart describes the role that wrestling has played in his life while footage is shown of his father, Stu, legitimately applying submission holds on a student of his basement—a notorious training room known as the Dungeon. Hart\'s wife, Julie, is also interviewed about the toll wrestling has taken on their relationship and raising four children. Hart is shown discussing with both his father and his wife the choice to stay with the WWF or move to WCW. In one instance, his frustration at his kitchen table leads him to ask the director to stop filming. Other highlights of the documentary include interviews held in the Meadowlands parking lot where the director asks slightly intoxicated and incoherent wrestling fans their take on the ensuing America versus Canada feud, wherein one woman credits Bret Hart as her inspiration for going back to school for computer graphics. Another interviewee claims that Americans do not love their children when they cheer for heel wrestlers like Shawn Michaels and Steve Austin. Another wrestling fan even shares beliefs that a strong connection lies between corporate America and the Undertaker/Bret Hart storyline. His words detail how Americans have to operate through a "by any means necessary" philosophy.  {{See also}} The final act of the film sheds light on the events building up to Survivor Series \'97 in which Hart put his WWF title on the line against Shawn Michaels. Hart is seen entering a private discussion with McMahon on how his final match will play out, which is heard on film due to Hart wearing a wire. They seem to find common ground and agree to a no contest or "schmozz". This result would then allow Hart to make a farewell speech the following night on Raw and forfeit his WWF Championship. Hart begins the match believing that it will end as he and McMahon agreed upon; midway through the bout, Michaels had Hart in a sharp shooter  which Hart was in the process of escaping. However, McMahon comes to ringside and orders referee—and close friend of Hart—Earl Hebner to call for the ringside bell to be rung, signaling the end of the match. Hebner does so and declares Michaels the winner, stripping Hart of the title. An enraged Hart spits on McMahon while Hebner, fearing for his safety, flees the building. Hart spells out "WCW" with his fingers to the shocked and confused crowd and smashes numerous ringside television monitors before storming backstage to confront Michaels and McMahon. Michaels feigns ignorance. During a closed-door confrontation with McMahon, Hart punches him in the face; Hart\'s wife, believing that the incident was a conspiracy by the entire WWF roster, corners and confronts numerous wrestlers, most of whom appear bemused. A stunned, bruised McMahon staggers out of the building and Hart and his family leave. The film concludes with footage of Hart at home while on screen text details the immediate fallout of the screwjob.'] [' Beavis and Butt-head introduce the film by explaining 3D technology. The opening sequence features the cast lining up and then being attacked by various objects in slow-motion. The opening sequence, as well as many of the stunts, were filmed with Phantom high speed cameras which shoot at 1,000 frames per second. Jackass 3D follows the same premise as the past movies and the television series. It is a compilation of various pranks, stunts and skits, and has no plot. Some of the stunts featured included tether ball being played with a beehive filled with Africanized bees, a tooth being pulled out with a Lamborghini, using super mighty glue to take off chest hair and much more. The final stunt includes Steve-O being launched in the air while inside a portable toilet  filled with excrement. The closing skit is done in a similar fashion as the introduction, but uses explosions as objects are thrown at the cast to the tune of Tchaikovsky\'s 1812 Overture. After the explosions are finished, the cast members are flushed away by a wave pool. As in the past two Jackass films, comedian Rip Taylor makes an appearance before the credits roll, celebrating the end of the film in overly dramatic fashion. As the ending credits play, a retrospective is shown with clips from the original show along with old photographs of cast and crew set to Weezer\'s "Memories", the film\'s single. Knoxville\'s daughter, Madison, is also seen in the ending credits, joining in on the prank fun.'] ['The film is segmented into six major thematic sections: * Inventors The individuals who started creating snowboards * Pioneers The individuals who started riding snowboards before it was a sport * Back Country The individuals who risk their lives riding in non-designated snowboarding areas * Pros The teen and twenty-something professional athletes and Olympians * Adaptors The individuals who have lost limbs or their eyesight but continue to snowboard * Families Interviews the Teters and how snowboarding has influenced their lives The film also has one mini section on Banana George, a 93-year old snowboarder.'] [' The film begins with a historical overview, starting at its Hawaiian beginnings, then moves on to focus on the dangerous lure of big wave surfing . The documentary chronicles the evolution of riding at Hawaii\'s Waimea Bay in the 1950s, the revolution of lighter boards, and tow-in surfing to allow for "riding giants". Three surfers who are part of this multi-generational evolution are spotlighted: Greg Noll is shown as a fearless big wave rider during the 1950s and 60s; Jeff Clark who discovered Mavericks in Northern California and surfed there alone for years; and Laird Hamilton, the contemporary surfer who brings tow-in riding to the limelight.'] ['The film begins with director Barry Blaustein discussing his love for professional wrestling and clips of him viewing employees of the World Wrestling Federation and Extreme Championship Wrestling. He then decides to travel the United States over a three year period, endeavoring to understand the mindset of someone who would voluntarily choose to become a professional wrestler. Blaustein interviews a wide variety of wrestling personalities and ascertains their motivations. Blaustein focuses on three famous wrestlers, one at the height of his career , one contemplating retirement  and one at a career low . He begins by following Funk, a 53-year-old man in need of knee surgery who appears unable to retire, despite the mounting toll wrestling is taking on his body. Blaustein follows him as he competes at hardcore wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling\'s first pay-per-view event Barely Legal. Funk\'s sometime in-ring rival, Foley is profiled next. He has been taking increasingly risky falls (or "[[bump  and blows to the head, and at one point is heard talking incoherently as the result of a fall (from his Hell in a Cell match against The Undertaker at [[King of the Ring  which briefly rendered him unconscious. Clips of Foley with his wife and children are spliced with the clips of him risking his body for the sport. Later, in the film\'s climax, his wife and young children watch in horror from the front of the audience during Foley\'s "I Quit" match at the 1999 Royal Rumble, wherein he takes multiple unprotected shots to the head by Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson with a steel folding chair. Although he was once one of the more famous wrestlers in America, performing in front of tens of thousands of fans, he is now wrestling in small-town venues. In the course of the film, Roberts is shown smoking crack cocaine in a hotel room and attempting to reconcile with his daughter, as well as musing aloud about his increasingly illicit sexual dalliances while traveling. In addition, Darren Drozdov is a former NFL football player who is shown in an interview with Vince McMahon. Drozdov becomes a WWF wrestler, but at the end of the film, it is revealed that Droz was paralyzed in an in-ring accident from a botched maneuver several months later.'] ['Waveriders focuses on the Irish roots of surfing. The film covers the life of Irish-Hawaiian surfer George Freeth and his influence in popularizing surfing{{cite news}} in California and his contributions to lifeguarding. It also follows Irish, British and American surfers Richie Fitzgerald, Gabe Davies, Kelly Slater and the Malloy Brothers. The surfers conquer enormous sixty foot waves - the biggest swell to have been ridden off the Irish Atlantic Coast.<ref namehttp://www.independent.ie/lifestyle/red-bulletin/riding-green-giants-1810176.html |titleindependent |date2010-01-21}} Irish surfer Easkey Britton is also featured in the film and was the first female surfer to ride the "big wave", Aill na Searrach off the Cliffs of Moher in 2007."The surfer girl who\'s making big waves", Independent, August 12, 2009'] 