['Jack Robinson  is the rich CEO of a large company. Throughout his family\'s past, no Robinson male has lived to be over 40, and Jack keeps having a dream about his father and an angry giant. He tries very hard to stay healthy with the help of his Albanian butler, Dussan . The man who manages his business affairs, Siegfried "Siggy" Mannheim , convinces him to turn down a project involving alternative food supplies of genetically-engineered plants to feed the Third World, and also to build a casino complex in a small town to which the locals greatly object. During construction, the workers discover the skeleton of a giant. A strange young woman called Ondine  then appears and accuses Jack of being "a thief and a murderer" before vanishing in a flash of light. That night, a man sneaks into Jack\'s house and takes him to see an old woman whom Jack recognizes as a great-aunt who he believed was dead. The old woman tells him the traditional version of the fairy tale "Jack and the Beanstalk" in which the giant is portrayed as a selfish, gluttonous brute who cared for nothing and no one, subsequently giving him the last magic bean , suggesting that the tale that she has told him may not be the truth, and that the answers he seeks about recent events may be found at the other end of the beanstalk. Jack plants the bean in the forest near the location where the giant was discovered, and the bean grows into a huge beanstalk leading Jack into the world of the giants, a magical world where a single day passes for every year that passes on the ground below. Jack is left stranded in the giant world after the beanstalk dissolves, apparently cut down by someone back on Earth, and discovers that the giant Thunderdell  was an extremely benevolent person: kind, honest, and a loving friend and father who had also adopted Ondine and raised her as his own daughter. The protagonist of this film is portrayed as being "the fifteenth descendent of" the original Jack. In 1611, Jack obtained the beans, climbed the beanstalk, only to betray Thunderdell and Ondine\'s trust by stealing the singing Harp of Harmony and the golden Goose of Prosperity, and his mother killed Thunderdell. Jack\'s descendents grew rich, at the "truly horrible" cost of Thunderdell\'s world being subjected to a curse where "no crops will grow; we will never see spring again" as the giant world slowly dies over time. Only with the death of the Robinson family would the magic be restored, hence the Robinson family curse. Despite her doubts about Jack after what happened when she fell for his ancestor - due to the different flow of time between the worlds only around one year has passed in the Land of the Giants as opposed to centuries here - Ondine recognizes that Jack is not the man his ancestor was , and transports him back to Earth to help her find the "sacred treasures." During their search, Jack learns that his \'great-aunt\' Wilhelmina is hiding several secrets. "The poor, misguided boy who climbed the beanstalk in 1611 was my son. My crime was perhaps the greatest of them all," she tells the pair, and this immoral act is revealed to be her murder of Thunderdell, whom her son didn\'t want to kill with the giant having fallen many stories and suffering massive internal injuries and broken bones: "No, Mother. Not like this." Wilhelmina relates how the Robinson Curse "has many ugly tentacles. My curse was to see my son die before his time, and his son, and his son. One after another, they died . . . and I am alive." Jack\'s manager is also revealed to have known the truth all along and was entrusted to tell Jack when "he was ready" by Jack\'s father but instead encouraged Jack to care about nothing but his work and never marry so that when he died, Siggy would inherit the company. He also admits to having cut down the beanstalk and leaving Jack stranded in the giant world. Siggy tries kill Jack and Ondine, but some of the giants suddenly intervene and knock him out. With the return of the Goose and Harp, the Giants\' world is restored, and the Giants thank Jack for undoing his ancestors\' mistakes. After returning to his world, Jack saves the company\'s reputation by supporting the project of genetically-engineered plants that he previously rejected , while Siggy is revealed in a newspaper headline to have been committed into an insane asylum due to the public\'s belief that he has gone insane for claiming that he is being hunted by giants. Finally, due to the curse being lifted, Wilhelmina Robinson  dies peacefully, with Jack and Dussan by her side. At the end of the film, Ondine requests Jack to stay in her world which Jack finally refuses as he says he has to "right the wrong" many things in his world. After the arrival of Jack to his own world he realizes that he truly loved Ondine  and decides to stay single in the rest of his life being the chairman of Robinson International which is a business with 20 billion capital by this time. After three months  Ondine returns to Jack, where she is allowed to spend one Giant week  with him, and its hinted that at the end of this time, they may have children  accompanying them back.'] [' The film opens with a narrator describing a prosperous city called the Golden City, which is ruled by the sleepy King Nod and protected by three golden balls positioned atop its tallest minaret. According to a prophecy, the city would fall to a race of warlike, one-eyed monsters referred to as "one-eyes" should the balls be removed, and could only be saved by "the simplest soul with the smallest and simplest of things". Living in the city are a humble and good-hearted cobbler named Tack and a nameless, unsuccessful yet persistent thief. Both characters are mute and have no dialogue. When the thief tries his luck in Tack\'s house, the two scuffle and stumble onto the street, causing Tack\'s tacks to fall out onto the street while Zigzag, King Nod\'s Grand Vizier, walks through it. Zigzag steps on one of the tacks and orders Tack to be arrested while the thief escapes. Tack is brought before King Nod and his daughter, Princess Yum-Yum, who takes an instant liking to Tack. Before Zigzag can convince Nod to have Tack executed, Yum-Yum saves Tack by breaking one of her shoes and ordering Tack to fix it. While repairing her shoe, Tack and Yum-Yum become increasingly attracted to each other, much to the jealousy of Zigzag, who lusts after Yum-Yum and plots to take over the kingdom by marrying her. Meanwhile, the thief notices the golden balls atop the minaret and decides to steal them. After breaking into the palace through a gutter, the thief steals the repaired shoe from Tack, leading the cobbler to chase him through the palace. Upon retrieving the shoe, Tack bumps into Zigzag, who notices the shoe is fixed and takes the opportunity to lock Tack in a dungeon.  The next morning, Nod has a vision of the Golden City\'s doom at the hands of the one-eyes. While Zigzag tries to convince Nod of the kingdom\'s security under the protection of the golden balls, the thief manages to steal the balls after several failed attempts, only to lose them to Zigzag\'s minions. Tack escapes from his cell using his cobbling tools during the ensuing panic. Nod notices the balls\' disappearance after being warned of the one-eyes by a dying soldier who was mortally wounded during an attack against them. Zigzag attempts to use the stolen balls to blackmail the king into letting him marry Yum-Yum. When Nod refuses, Zigzag defects to the one-eyes and gives them the balls instead. Nod sends Yum-Yum, her nanny, and Tack on a journey to ask for help from a "mad, holy old witch" who lives in the desert. They are secretly followed by the thief, who hears of treasures on the journey but has no success stealing any. They also meet a band of dimwitted brigands led by Chief Ruthless in the desert whom Yum-Yum declares as her royal guard. The protagonists reach the hand-shaped tower where the witch lives, and learn from the witch that Tack is the one prophesied to save the Golden City. The witch also presents a riddle: "Attack, attack, attack! A tack, see? But it\'s what you do with what you\'ve got!" The protagonists return to the Golden City to find the one-eyes\' massive war machine approaching. Remembering the witch\'s riddle, Tack shoots a single tack into the enemy\'s midst, sparking a Goldberg-esque chain reaction that causes the war machine to slowly collapse and destroy the entire one-eye army. Zigzag tries to escape, but falls into a pit where he is eaten alive by alligators and his mistreated pet vulture Phido. The thief, avoiding many deathtraps, steals the golden balls from the collapsing machine, only to have them taken away from him by Tack, after which the thief gives up and lets Tack have them. With peace restored and the prophecy fulfilled, the city celebrates as Tack and Yum-Yum marry; before they kiss, Tack speaks for the first and only time in the film, saying "I love you" to Yum-Yum in a deep voice. The film ends with the thief stealing the entire reel of film and running away.  The version by Fred Calvert is considerably different from Williams\' workprint. Four songs have been added – the film originally had none. Many scenes have been cut: These include the thief attempting to steal various objects along with evading capital punishment for it, and the subplot where Zigzag tries to feed Tack to Phido. Also removed are any references to the "bountiful maiden from Mombassa", whom Zigzag gives to King Nod as "a plaything" in the workprint. Tack, who was  mute in the original, speaks many times in the film and narrates most scenes in past tense as an older Tack: The original had narration only in the beginning by a voice over. Some subplots have been added; In one, Yum-Yum is tired of doing nothing and wants to help her father: She volunteers to be sent to the perilous journey in order to prove herself to be more than "just a pretty face". Another subplot is that there is a social class romance between Tack and Yum-Yum that is similar to Disney\'s Aladdin: The Nanny scolds Yum Yum for liking a lowly cobbler so much, and is very negative towards Tack. In the original, her behaviour is very different and much more positive. Also, there are several lines of alternate or removed dialogue. Additionally, the following scene-specific changes have been made: * In the scene where Yum-Yum is introduced, she tells Nanny that she is tired of living a life of "regal splendor" and sings the first added song of the film, "She is More". * The scene where Zigzag\'s plans are revealed to the audience has been moved to an earlier point of the film . * After Zigzag puts Tack in his cell, Tack and Yum-Yum sing the second song, "Am I Feeling Love?". * The one-eyes are revealed at the very beginning during the opening narration. The scene where the One-Eyes would have been first introduced in Williams\' version has been changed to a nightmare for King Nod, who then calls Zigzag immediately. The king had a nightmare in the original, too, but more abstract and later in the film. * The reason for the King refusing to let Zigzag marry Yum-Yum is that he finds it ridiculous that his minister, who is a practitioner of the black arts, should wed a princess, who is only allowed to marry someone pure of heart. * The brigands are a troupe of loafers who were sent twenty years ago by the King to guard his borders. Because none of them are literate, they do not know when to return and have become bandits. They sing the song, "Bom Bom Bom Beem Bom" to describe their situation. Oddly, they seem to understand the text in their "Brigand\'s Book" very clearly. * The Witch first appears as a floating eye, instead of being initially inside a tiny urn. * The Witch\'s riddle is: "When to the wall you find your back; a tack, a tack, a tack!" * The way the slave women kill the Mighty One-eye is changed: In the original, they chant "throne" and sit on him . In this version, they throw him off the cliff. * During the collapse of the war machine, Tack and Zigzag have a hand-to-hand fight. The fight ends with Tack sewing Zigzag\'s robe, disabling him. * When One-Eye\'s army has been broken, the thief emerges and  willingly hands the Golden Balls to the King. When Tack and the Princess marry, there are flashbacks of all their times together up to that point, while the song "It\'s So Amazing" plays. Tack mentions that the thief gave him his word that he would never steal again, with the thief then shown breaking his promise by stealing the "The End" sign and the entire film. * Because Tack now has a voice throughout the film, the gag where he has a deep voice has been removed.  The Miramax version includes all changes made in The Princess and the Cobbler, and adds the following: * Several previously mute characters were given voices, most notably the thief . Other characters that have added voices are Phido and the alligators. * The Golden City is called Baghdad. * The Witch is the benevolent twin sister of the evil One-Eye. * The scenes with the witch in her human form are removed in this version of the film, leaving only a floating eye and a ghostlike image. * The Witch\'s riddle is extended to: "When to the wall you find your back; a tack, a tack, a tack! Belief in yourselves is what you lack! A tack, a tack, and never look back!" * Most scenes featuring the One-eye\'s slave women have been removed, although he can still be seen sitting on them. * The scene where the Mighty One-eye dies has been removed, and he appears to be alive when his machine is shown burning . Whether or not he dies afterward is unknown, although it is implied by Tack that he did – Tack says that "One-eye and his army were defeated for all eternity." * The ending has been entirely recut. At the end, Tack becomes Prince and the first Arabian Knight. The song "It\'s So Amazing" has been removed. During the wedding, the thief attempts to steal the balls again. Tack ends the story by saying: "So next time you see a shooting star, be proud of who you really are. Do in your heart what you know is right, and you too shall become an Arabian Knight." Tack also mentions that the thief eventually was put in jail for years but becomes the Captain of the Guards and the king even allows him to steal one last thing which explains why he took the end sign as well as the entire film. * The end credits for the Miramax version featured the songs It\'s So Amazing, the short version of Bom, Bom, Bom, Beem, Bom, and the Arnold McCuller/Andrea Robinson version of the song Am I Feeling Love?, but the end credits for the Majestic Films version only featured the songs Bom, Bom, Bom, Beem, Bom  and the Arnold McCuller/Andrea Robinson version of the song Am I Feeling Love?.  The popular unofficial fan restoration by Garrett Gilchrist mostly follows Richard Williams\' workprint very closely, at least in its intent, using most of its original audio track and editing structure. In order to present a more complete film, Gilchrist added additional music  and sound effects, and also included finished footage that does not appear in a finished state in the workprint, whether taken from Calvert\'s versions or from other rare sources. Most of the story changes made by Fred Calvert and Miramax are not present, but it does include a few minor Calvert-only scenes or alterations, either as a side effect of using Calvert\'s footage for a major video source or because Gilchrist felt these scenes were useful to the storyline. For this reason, Gilchrist does not refer to his edit as a "Director\'s Cut."<ref nameThieves, Cobblers, and Fan Edits: The 50-Year Odyssey of an Animated Masterpiece | urlTested | date29 September 2012}}  * Nanny becomes impatient with Yumyum and Tack\'s burgeoning romance and pushes her away so she can have her bath.  * The Thief\'s arrest for stealing an emerald has a longer ending.  * King Nod\'s line to his daughter, voiced by Clive Revill : "My princess... I hardly know you... so brave. Just like your dear mother was! [chuckle] Very well. You will go. Look here!"  * The Mad and Holy Old Witch appears first as an eye, coming out of a lamp.  * The Old Witch says "Mystic fumes, show me the way ..."  * Zigzag tries to convince One Eye to spare the Princess. "She is the price for my traitorous deed."  * Toward the end of the film, Zigzag tries to kidnap Yumyum on his horse. Tack fights back, punches Zigzag and stitches his cloak together. Tack and Yumyum hug. Zigzag hops away, falling into a pit for his death scene.  * The royal guards praise The Thief for returning the three golden balls, and lift him up.  * The credits roll over deleted-scene footage, including a section of the credits from The Princess and the Cobbler, showing The Thief on springs trying to steal the Buddha Ruby. * Gilchrist has said that the "Mark IV" version of The Recobbled Cut, coming 2013, will have longer scenes with the Brigands, taken from deleted scene audio.'] ["Jakob and Wilhelm Grimm are traveling to a king's palace to present him with their fairy tales. Their carriage driver refuses to take them into the woods because they are said to be enchanted. Not wanting to miss their audience with the king, the brothers buy the carriage from the driver and travel into the woods alone. Placed under the enchantment of the woods, the brothers begin to encounter a wide range of characters that exist in their tales, including Snow White and Sleeping Beauty among many others."] ['In the late eighteenth century, the Grande Dame of France, an elderly aristocrat, summons The Brothers Grimm to tell them the real story of the little cinder girl. She shows them a portrait of a young woman, named Danielle de Barbarac, and a glass slipper, and begins her tale. Danielle, a little girl at age eight, lives with her widowed father, Auguste, who shares with her a love of books and progressive ideas. He brings home a new wife, the haughty Baroness Rodmilla de Ghent, who has two daughters about Danielle\'s age, Marguérite and Jacqueline. He has a heart attack soon after, and with his dying breath professes his love for Danielle rather than Rodmilla, who envies Danielle and treats her like a servant thereafter. Marguérite is as cruel as Rodmilla, but Jacqueline is kind and gentle. Ten years later, in the manor\'s orchard, Danielle catches a man stealing her father\'s horse. She unseats him with a well-aimed apple, but is horrified to learn that he is Henry, the Crown Prince of France, trying to escape the responsibilities of court. He buys her silence with a purse of gold, which she decides she will use to rescue an elderly servant sold to the Crown to pay the household\'s debts. She dresses as a noblewoman and goes to court to ransom the servant, where she encounters the Prince again. After the jailor refuses to release the servant, she argues against the injustice and quotes Thomas More\'s Utopia. Henry is so captivated that he orders the man released and begs for her name, but she evades his pleas and leaves him instead with her mother\'s name, the Comtesse Nicole de Lancret. When Henry returns the horse to the manor, it\'s plain that Rodmilla intends to match her daughter Marguérite with the Prince, despite the marriage his parents have arranged with the Spanish royals. The King strikes a bargain with the recalcitrant Prince, telling Henry to choose his own bride before they give a ball in honour of Leonardo da Vinci, who has come to court, or he will choose for him. Henry meets Danielle again by the river, where he is arguing with Da Vinci about love and fate, but again she runs away. While looking for Da Vinci soon after Henry finds Danielle\'s childhood friend, Gustave, who knows the whole story, and tells him Nicole de Lancret is staying with Rodmilla. When he arrives at the manor, Danielle agrees to accompany him to the library of a nearby monastery. They are accosted by gypsies en route, and in an uproarious turn of events, Danielle rescues Henry and at the end of the night, they kiss. They agree to meet the next day, but she returns home so late she loses her temper in the morning, then punches Marguérite in the eye when she discovers Marguérite intends to take her mother\'s wedding dress and wear it to the masque. She is beaten by Rodmilla and when she meets Henry later, Danielle is so disheartened that she is unable to tell him the truth and runs away once more. That same day, the Queen asks Marguérite and Rodmilla if they know the mysterious Comtesse de Lancret, and they realize it must be Danielle. Rodmilla tells the Queen that the Comtesse has gone to marry someone else. When they return to the manor, the Comtesse\'s wedding dress has disappeared and Rodmilla thinks Danielle plans on going to the masque, so she locks her in the larder. The servants get word to Da Vinci through Gustave, and he frees her and makes her a pair of wings to match her mother\'s wedding dress and her glass slippers, so she can go to the masque. Danielle arrives just before the King announces Henry\'s engagement, but before she can tell him the truth, Rodmilla accuses her of plotting to entrap the Prince by masquerading as a courtier. Henry is so shocked he spurns Danielle, saying that she\'s "like the rest of them." Tearfully, Danielle flees, losing a slipper along the way. Henry decides to marry the Spanish Princess, but calls it off when he sees how distraught she is at the ceremony. He goes to the manor, but learns from Jacqueline that Danielle has been sold to Pierre le Pieu, a man who seems to have sexual advances on Danielle, just after the masque, so he sets out with Laurent to rescue her, but finds she has freed herself. Realizing that he loved her, he asks her to forgive him and to marry him, and she agrees happily and they kiss. The next day, Rodmilla and Marguérite are summoned to court and charged with lying to the Queen. Without a defence, the Queen strips Rodmilla of her title and sentences her and Marguérite to be banished to the Americas unless someone will speak for them. When Danielle steps forward, Henry introduces her as his wife. She asks that they receive the same courtesy they showed her, so Marguérite and Rodmilla are sent to the laundry to serve out their lives. Jacqueline is matched with Henry\'s acerbic squire, while Danielle and Henry live happily ever after; and the Grande Dame tells The Brothers Grimm that, "the point, gentlemen, is that they lived."'] ["The people of Kalevala are a peaceful hard working people, they have everything they need and want bar the mystical Sampo, a magical mill which will make grain, salt and gold and give prosperity to whoever possesses it. The only person in Kalevala able to make a Sampo is the smith Ilmarinen, however he cannot make it until his sister Annikki has fallen in love. Annikki eventually falls in love with the young hard working Lemminkäinen. All is not perfect however. There is a dark dismal land called Pohjola ruled over by a wicked witch called Louhi, and she wishes for a Sampo, but her wizards are unable to forge one. Louhi is advised that only Ilmarinen is able to forge a Sampo. Louhi sends her enchanted cloak to bring Annikki to Pohjola as ransom. Lemminkäinen runs to Ilmarinen to inform him that his sister has been taken and vows to return her, Ilmarinen agrees to come with him and they set off on a boat constructed of an ancient oak tree. On arrival Louhi demands they complete a simple task each, Lemminkäinen is asked to plow a field of snakes, which he does with the aid of a steel horse made by Ilmarinen. The final task is set to Ilmarinen; he is to forge a Sampo. He sets to work and, after some failed bargaining for another task, and with the aid of the trolls of Pohjola on the bellows and the fire from heaven itself, he forges a beautiful Sampo, which immediately begins to make gold, grain and salt. Lemminkäinen and Ilmarinen are reunited with Annikki and they set sail for Kalevala. Lemminkäinen is upset when he is informed that the people of Kalevala will never be able to reap the benefits of the Sampo and dives into the sea to swim back and recover it. Back in Pohjola, Lemminkäinen releases the mist from the prison Louhi has placed it in and it covers the whole land. When the mist clears the Sampo has gone and Lemminkäinen is on a boat heading back to Kalevala. His boat is wrecked on the ocean surface when Louhi orders that the wind be set free, and the Sampo is destroyed and Lemminkäinen presumed lost. Lemminkäinen manages to swim back to Kalevala and manages to return a small piece of the Sampo, which Väinämöinen announces will bring great prosperity and joy to the people of the land. Lemminkäinen and Annikki marry and a great feast and dance is arranged. However, Louhi, angry at the betrayal, comes to Kalevala and steals their sun. Returning it to Pohjola, she locks it in a deep mountain cave. As Kalevala is plunged into perpetual darkness things look very bleak. However, Lemminkäinen is still hopeful, he asks Ilmarinen to forge a new sun, which he begins work on. But wise old Väinämöinen informs him it's futile and that they must go to Pohjola and recover the sun by force. Väinämöinen tells the people this battle will be fought using kantele and not bladed weapons. The people of Kalevala prepare by cutting trees and bringing all precious metals to Ilmarinen to forge the strings. When the two people  meet on a frozen lake for battle, Väinämöinen begins playing and the trolls of Louhi begin to drift to sleep. Louhi tries in vain to get them to fight, but she fails and her trolls fall down unconscious. Louhi then sends her magic cape to kill the people of Kalevala but it is beaten down into a hole in the ice. Lemminkäinen marches up to the mountain which contains the sun, and Louhi turns herself into stone in fear. Lemminkäinen slices the stone door of the mountain open with his sword, releasing the sun to shine over the lands of Kalevala. The film ends with scenes of the people of Kalevala looking to the bright sky in wonder and happiness."] [' In a fairy tale, Princess Moanna, whose father is the king of the underworld, becomes curious about the world above. When she goes to the surface, the sunlight blinds her and erases her memory. She becomes very ill and eventually dies. The king believes that her spirit will come back to the underworld someday. In post-Civil War Spain in 1944  Ofelia, a young girl who loves fairy tales, travels with her pregnant mother Carmen to meet Captain Vidal, her new stepfather and father of Carmen\'s unborn child. Vidal, the son of a famed commander who died in Morocco, believes strongly in falangism and was assigned to root out any anti-Franco rebels. Ofelia discovers a large insect resembling a stick insect which she believes to be a fairy. It follows her to the mill where Vidal is stationed and leads Ofelia into an ancient labyrinth nearby. Before Ofelia can enter, she is stopped by Mercedes, one of Vidal\'s maids who is spying for the rebels. That night, the insect appears in Ofelia\'s bedroom, where it changes into a fairy and leads her through the labyrinth. There, she meets the faun, who believes her to be Princess Moanna and gives her three tasks to complete before the full moon to ensure that her "essence is intact". Meanwhile, Vidal\'s cruel and sociopathic nature is revealed when he brutally murders two individuals who had been detained on suspicion of being rebel allies and who may merely have been farmers. Ofelia completes the first task of retrieving a key from the belly of a giant toad, but she becomes worried about her mother whose condition is worsening. The faun gives Ofelia a mandrake root, which instantly begins to cure her mother\'s illness. Accompanied by three fairy guides, Ofelia then completes the second task of retrieving an ornate dagger from the lair of the Pale Man, a child-eating monster who sits silently in front of a large feast. Although she was gravely warned not to consume anything, she eats two grapes, awakening him. He eats two of the fairies and chases her, but she manages to escape. Infuriated at her disobedience, the faun refuses to give her the third task. Meanwhile, Vidal becomes increasingly vicious, torturing a captured rebel and then killing the doctor — also a rebel sympathizer — who euthanized the tortured prisoner to stop his pain. Vidal catches Ofelia tending to the mandrake root, and Carmen throws it into the fireplace, where it then begins to writhe and scream in agony. Instantly, Carmen develops painful contractions and dies giving birth to a son. Vidal discovers that Mercedes is a spy, and he captures her and Ofelia as they attempt to escape. Ofelia is locked in her bedroom, and Mercedes is taken to be tortured; however, she frees herself, badly injures Vidal and flees into the woods, where the rebels rescue her. The faun returns to Ofelia and gives her one more chance to prove herself. He tells her to take her baby brother into the labyrinth. Ofelia steals the baby after sedating Vidal; although disoriented, Vidal continues to chase her through the labyrinth while the rebels attack the mill. The faun tells Ofelia that the portal to the underworld will open only with an innocent\'s blood, so he needs a drop of her brother\'s blood. Ofelia refuses to harm her brother, and eventually Vidal finds her, seemingly talking to herself as the faun is not visible through his eyes. The faun leaves Ofelia to her choice, and Vidal takes the baby away from her, shooting her immediately after. When he leaves the labyrinth, the rebels and Mercedes are waiting for him. Knowing that he will die, he calmly hands Mercedes the baby. Vidal takes out his watch and tells Mercedes to tell his son the exact time of his father\'s death. Mercedes interrupts, telling him that his son will never even know his name. Pedro, one of the rebels and Mercedes\' brother, draws his pistol and shoots Vidal in the face, killing him. As Mercedes enters the labyrinth and comforts the dying girl, drops of Ofelia\'s blood spill onto the altar that is supposed to lead her into the underworld. Ofelia is reunited with the king and queen of the underworld. The faun is present too, and the king reveals to her that, by shedding her own blood instead of the blood of an innocent, she has completed the final task and proven herself to be Princess Moanna. In the mortal world, Ofelia dies and Mercedes mourns her death. In an epilogue, a narration dictates that Princess Moanna ruled the underworld with a just and kind heart, but left behind "small traces of her time on earth, visible only to those who know where to look".'] ["The episode features an extended story based on the events of the original fairytale, where Goldilocks' visit to the Bears' home is only a small portion of the overall plot. The story is being told by a Ranger , who relates to the audience the incident of Goldilocks and the Three Bears. Goldilocks  is introduced as a pretty young girl with golden curls who likes to play tricks on others and tell wild stories. In the nearby wood, a family of bears consisting of Papa Bear, Mama Bear and Cubby Bear wake up from hibernation in their little cottage. One day, Mama Bear cooks some porridge, but it turns out to be too hot, so the family goes out for a walk to let it cool off. At this time, Goldilocks happens to be out exploring when she stumbles upon the bears' house. She invites herself in, helps herself to their porridge , sits in their chairs  and lies down in their beds . As she is sleeping, the bear family returns and sees the result of Goldilocks' tampering. Papa Bear wakes Goldilocks up, and when she sees the bears in the bedroom, she screams and runs off. When she reaches home, she goes into a frenzy telling her parents about the bears, but they don't believe her. The next day, Goldilocks' father punishes her by ordering her to pull all the weeds from their house's front lawn. When the Ranger walks by, Goldilocks claims she has no idea what to do and sweetly asks him to demonstrate. When the Ranger gets to the job, Goldilocks sneaks off to her secret hiding place in the woods. As she's playing, Cubby Bear accidentally finds her. At first, Cubby is angry at Goldilocks for what she did the day before, but Goldilocks spins another tall tale that she's an orphan and was so desperate for food and a place to stay, and that was why she broke into their house. Cubby believes her story and, feeling sorry for her, invites her back to the bear home. When Mama Bear and Papa Bear hear her story they welcome her in, but Papa Bear advises her to learn to respect other people's property and not repeat what she did. Goldilocks agrees, and jumps on their invitation to stay with them, believing that her father is still angry with her. That night, Goldilocks doesn't return home, and her parents are filled with worry. The days pass with Goldilocks spending time with the bear family, having fun and playing games. But then one day, the Ranger arrives at the house, and when he describes Goldilocks' physical description, Papa Bear pulls her out from her hiding place in the bedroom. At first, Goldilocks starts to tell another lie that she was kidnapped by the bear family, but she cannot go through with it because she has become genuinely fond of the bears. Goldilocks apologises for her mistakes in the past and returns home, where her parents embrace her. The Ranger then gives an epilogue explaining that Goldilocks has changed her ways, continued to be friends with the bear family, and eventually had a daughter of her own with identical golden curls."] ['Snegurochka , the daughter of Spring and Frost, yearns for the companionship of mortal humans. She grows to like a shepherd named Lel, but her heart is unable to know love. Her mother takes pity and gives her this ability, but as soon as she falls in love, her heart warms up and she melts.'] ["Zhang Zhen's family had fallen on hard times but remembering the bethrothal agreement between his father and the prime minister, Master Chin, he set off for his fiance's home. When he arrived, he was distressed to receive a cold reception from his future father-in-law, who looked down on him because he was poor and was willing to fulfill his promise only after Zhang Zhen had successfully become the top scholar. He bade Zhang Zhen to stay at the Green Waves Study and prepare. After a year, Zhang Zhen still had not achieved the status of top scholar. His pampered and spoilt bethrothed, Peony, after the initial introduction had already forgotten about him. All he had for a companion, were the carp and the denizens of the pond by the study. The carp spirit was touched by his care for the fish and his loneliness. She visited him one winter's night in the guise of Peony and was further impressed with his sensitive and gentlemanly considerations for her wellbeing. She managed to persuade him that she was of like mind with his philosophies, acknowledging their bethrothal and her support in his endeavors. Thus a relationship was formed. One night in spring, during the lantern festival, Zhang Zhen mistook the real Peony for his beloved and was rebuffed. Her father promptly threw him out. Shocked by his beloved's turn-about, enraged by the betrayal, disgusted with the materialistic and sanctimonious unprincipled attitudes of both father and daughter, he stormed off to return home. The carp spirit went after him and convinced him of her sincerity, telling him too that she was with child. Both decided to return to Zhang Zhen's home, 300 miles away. They attended the lantern festivities along their journey and were seen by Peony's father who thought Zhang Zhen had committed the worst of sins. When two Peonies appeared, the household was thrown into an uproar. Even the righteous Judge Pao could not come to a settlement. Finally, the father summoned an exorcist to chase away the evil spirit. The carp spirit hastily released Zhang Zhen from the shed where he was imprisoned and convinced him to run away with her. However, they were beset by the Celestial Generals and gods who were summoned to subdue her. In despair, she told Zhang Zhen the truth and was gratified when he vowed to stay by her. Just as she was about to be killed, the Goddess of Mercy intervened. The carp spirit was given two choices, return with the Goddess to continue her training to be an immortal or forsake all her powers and become human."] ['Tiana is a young waitress from New Orleans who has held a passion for the culinary arts ever since she was a child. Inspired by her late father James, Tiana steadily works two jobs in a day and night shift at two diners in order to raise money to buy a for sale old sugar mill that she plans to turn into the restaurant as her father had before hoped he would make it so . Charlotte La Bouff, a débutante and childhood friend of Tiana, hires her to provide refreshments for the Mardi Gras masquerade ball being thrown by her rich father, Eli "Big Daddy" La Bouff. Eli, the perennial King of the Mardi Gras, seeks to welcome Prince Naveen of Maldonia, who has recently arrived, as an eligible suitor to his pampered daughter. Tiana is thrilled to finally have enough to purchase and renovate the old sugar mill into her restaurant . The disinherited Prince Naveen, penniless and unskilled, is nevertheless intent on marrying a wealthy woman, rather than learning a trade. He and his valet Lawrence encounter Dr. Facilier, a voodoo witch doctor who convinces the pair that he can improve both their lives. Instead, Facilier transforms Naveen into a frog and gives Lawrence a voodoo charm, filled with Naveen\'s blood, which when worn transforms his appearance to that of Naveen\'s. Facilier intends for Lawrence, under the guise of Naveen, to marry Charlotte in order to gain access to her father’s fortune . At the ball, Charlotte unknowingly flirts with Lawrence as Tiana discovers she may lose the mill to a higher bidder. Tiana then meets Naveen, who, believing her to be a princess because of her costume, asks her to kiss him and break Facilier\'s curse. Tiana reluctantly agrees, in exchange for the money needed to outbid the other buyer. However, instead of Naveen turning into a human, Tiana is turned into a frog herself. A chase ensues, and Naveen and Tiana escape to a bayou. Lawrence  later proposes to Charlotte, who happily agrees, but soon the magic in Facilier\'s charm wears off and Lawrence reverts to his original form. Facilier tells Lawrence they need another sample of the prince\'s blood in order to prolong the spell, but discovers that Lawrence had foolishly released him. Facilier turns to the voodoo spirits for help, with the promise that once Lawrence marries Charlotte, he will have total control over New Orleans and will be able to offer the citizens\' souls as payment. The voodoo spirits give Facilier shadow demons, who are then dispatched to locate Naveen. At the bayou, Tiana and Naveen meet Louis, a trumpet-playing alligator, who offers to lead them to the good voodoo priestess Mama Odie, who they believe can undo the curse . Later, they meet Ray, a Cajun firefly, who joins them on their journey . Ray tells Tiana about his love, Evangeline, who later is revealed that she is just the brightest star in the sky . When the four at last meet Mama Odie, she tells the frogs that Naveen must kiss a true princess for them to become human, and that since Eli La Bouff is King of Mardi Gras, Charlotte is a princess, but only until the stroke of midnight, when Mardi Gras is over. Naveen soon realizes that he loves Tiana, but before he can admit his feelings, he is captured and brought to Facilier. Before Lawrence  and Charlotte can marry, Ray helps Naveen escape and steals the charm. Ray gives the charm to Tiana in order to hold back Facilier\'s minions, but is killed by Facilier. Facilier then confronts Tiana and tranforms her back to her human form. He then offers to make her restaurant dream come true in exchange for the charm, but she refuses upon realizing that true love is more important and attempts to destroy the talisman. However, Facilier\'s shadow grabs hold of its shadow and hands it back to Facilier himself. Tiana is changed back to a frog and is fated to remain a frog forever. Tiana quickly uses her frog tongue to grab hold of the talisman and smashes it upon the ground. The angered voodoo spirits come forth and claim Facilier himself as payment for his debts and drag him into the underworld forever. Tiana and Naveen reveal their love to each other and explain the situation to Charlotte, who agrees to kiss Naveen so he and Tiana can be together. The clock strikes midnight before she can kiss him, but the two decide they are content to live together as frogs. At the end of a funeral for Ray, he becomes a bright star next to Evangeline. Later, Tiana and Naveen are married by Mama Odie. Because of Tiana\'s new status as princess, they are restored back to human form after their kiss. They then have a real wedding within the St. Louis Cathedral. The couple return to New Orleans to celebrate and, with Louis\' help to make the Fenner brothers accept the payment money and hand over the key rights, Tiana and Naveen finally work on transforming the sugar mill into the long awaited restaurant which is called Tiana\'s Palace. In the final scene, smaller stars encircle the larger stars of Ray and Evangeline ("Down in New Orleans .'] [" Before going on an overseas journey, a merchant father asks his three daughters what they would like him to bring back for them. The eldest asks for a shining tiara, the middle asks for a frame through which her face would always appear young, and the youngest  asks her father to bring her a beautiful scarlet flower like one which she saw in her dreams. Her elder sisters laugh at this simple wish. The father's trip is successful and he finds everything that he came for, with the exception of Nastenka's scarlet flower. Nevertheless, the ship heaves off and they begin to head back while the father scans the lands around him for a scarlet flower. A storm strikes and the father is washed overboard. He wakes up on a strange island which is full of all sorts of wonders. He explores, and eventually finds a flower just like the one Nastenka described. The instant that he plucks it, however, a great storm comes upon him and the owner of the island - a hideous monster - makes his presence known. He tells the father that he will let him keep the flower, but in return he must send one of his daughters to live with him. The father refuses, and the monster gives him a ring, telling him that whoever puts it on will be teleported back to the island, and that if his daughter doesn't come then he himself must come and be killed. In the morning, the crewmembers of the father's ship  see him on the island and rescue him. Back home, the father prepares to put on the ring and meet his fate. However, Nastenka overhears a conversation where he reveals this to his friend and secretly puts on the ring herself. There, she expects to be killed but instead finds herself on a beautiful island and welcomed for by a kind, unseen host. She accidentally catches a glimpse of him eventually, and is mortally scared at first. He allows her to go home to visit her family, but tells her that she must come back by putting on the ring by 8pm or he will die of loneliness. Nastenka comes home dressed in splendid clothes and with presents for her sisters. Her sisters, however, become jealous and secretly turn all of the clocks in the house back two hours. Nastenka looks outside and hears the clock chiming 9pm, and quickly goes back, only to find the monster near death. She is very saddened and vows to never leave him again, and with those words the scarlet flower which she holds reattaches itself to its original stem and the island fills with light again. The monster turns into a handsome prince and explains that he was under the spell of a witch from which he could only be freed from if he won over the heart of a lady while being in the body of a hideous monster."] ['{{plot}} When Kelly has trouble performing a ballet move and fears going onstage, Barbie tells her a story to cheer her up. A girl named Clara lives with Drosselmeyer, her stern grandfather, and her younger brother, Tommy. On Christmas Eve, they receive a surprise visit from the vivacious Aunt Elizabeth, who comes bearing gifts for her niece and nephew. Clara receives a Nutcracker and Aunt Elizabeth tells her that inside, beats the heart of a prince. Tommy tries to take it to play with it but in the scuffle, he breaks its arm. Clara manages to fix the Nutcracker and falls asleep near the Christmas tree. She awakes to see her Nutcracker fighting the Mouse King and his mouse army. When Clara tries to help, the Mouse King shrinks her down to his size, though he is still unable to defeat them and temporarily retreats. The Nutcracker reveals that he has been enchanted and seeks to find the Sugarplum Princess, the only person who can stop the Mouse King from taking over his world. Following the advice of the wise owl of the grandfather clock, the Nutcracker suggests that Clara follow him, since the Sugarplum Princess is the only one who can make Clara her original size again. The owl gives Clara a heart-shaped locket from a ballet dancer ornament. This locket has the power to send Clara back home after they find the Sugarplum Princess. The two journey into the Land of Pervenia in the Gingerbread Village, where the children tells them that the rightful heir to the throne, Prince Eric, has gone missing in the wake of the Mouse King\'s attempts to conquer the world. Clara quickly figures out that her Nutcracker is the missing prince and he reveals that his irresponsibility is the reason of all the happenings. Due to his careless attitude the king pronounced the Mouse as an acting king until Eric  realizes his responsibilities. Unfortunately, the Mouse decides he wants to be king for once and all and thus put a spell on Eric, turning him into a Nutcracker. Eric hopes to redeem himself by finding the Sugarplum Princess and make things right again. Meanwhile, the Mouse King attempts to learn more about the Sugarplum Princess but only finds one reference to her: She is kind, clever and brave. Angered, he orders his troops to go after them in hopes of stopping the Nutcracker before he can reach her. Joined by the arrogant Major Mint and Captain Candy, the group sets out to find the Sugarplum Princess and defeat the Mouse King. After crossing the Sea of Storms with the purple horse named Marzipan, the group arrive at the Sugarplum Princess\' Island. When Clara is separated from the group, who are all captured by the Mouse King\'s bats. She ventures alone to the Mouse King\'s palace to free her friends with a help from the flower fairies. After being rescued, the Nutcracker fights a final battle with the Mouse King. Just as the Mouse King seemingly gets an advantage over the Nutcracker, Clara leaps in between them. The Mouse King tries to turn Clara smaller, but the Nutcracker uses his sword to deflect the Mouse King\'s magic back to the Mouse King himself. The Mouse King shrinks into the size of a real mouse and flees into the sewers. The Nutcracker has seemingly been injured, and Clara kisses him, whereupon he is restored to his true form – he is Prince Eric, and Clara, because she was able to break the spell, is revealed as the Sugarplum Princess. Her outfit transforms into a beautiful gown and Eric is crowned king. The couple, who have fallen in love with one another, dance as the citizens of the Land of Pervenia celebrate their victory. Eric asks her if she wishes to return home but Clara says that in heart, she is already there. However, the shrunken Mouse King makes one final attempt to defeat Clara. He swoops down on Clara upon his bat minion\'s back, steals the heart shaped locket she wears and opens it. Thankfully, he is knocked to the Earth by a snowball and apparently dies. Clara begins to fade and finally disappears. Eric is dismayed, crying out, "I love you." Clara wakes up in the living room where she fell asleep. She finds the Nutcracker missing once more. She runs to her Grandfather who dismisses the story as her imagination. At that moment, Aunt Elizabeth returns with a young man – it is Eric. Revealing him to be a friend, she insists that he stay for dinner and drags Grandfather Drosselmeyer and Tommy away. Eric gives her back the locket and asks her to dance. She answers, "I couldn\'t say \'no\' to the King", and the couple waltz together. The snowglobe shows the Prince – now a king – and the Sugarplum Princess dancing happily in the Palace courtyard. The story goes back to Kelly and Barbie. Kelly realizes the importance of not giving up and makes one more attempt at the ballet move she just can\'t do. Kelly and Barbie dance to the music and Kelly finally gets her steps right.'] ['Tinker Bell  is born from the first laugh of a baby, and is brought by the winds to Pixie Hollow . She learns that her talent is to be one of the tinkers, the fairies who make and fix things. Two other tinker fairies, Bobble  and Clank , teach her their craft, and tell her about the fairies who visit the mainland to bring each season. Tinker Bell is thrilled and cannot wait to go to the mainland for spring. While out working, she meets Silvermist , a water fairy; Rosetta , a garden fairy; Iridessa , a light fairy; and Fawn , an animal fairy. After meeting them, she notices Vidia , a fast-flying fairy who immediately dislikes her because of her unusually strong talent. Vidia challenges her to prove she will be able to go to the mainland, and Tinker Bell creates several inventions, which she shows to the Minister of Spring . But Tinker Bell soon learns from Queen Clarion  that only nature-talent fairies visit the mainland. She tries her hand at nature skills; making dewdrops with Silvermist, lighting fireflies with Iridessa, and trying with Fawn to teach baby birds to fly, but she fails miserably at all of these. Meanwhile, Bobble and Clank cover for Tinker Bell when questioned by Fairy Mary , the tinker fairy overseer. When Tinker Bell returns, she tries to explain, but Mary simply responds that she knows, and expresses her disappointment with Tinker Bell\'s actions. On the beach, Tinker Bell finds parts of a music box and figures out how to put them together. Iridessa, Fawn, Silvermist, and Rosetta witness her doing this, then tell her that she was tinkering and that she should be proud of her talent—if this is what she\'s good at, the mainland should not matter. But Tinker Bell still wants to go to the mainland. She asks Rosetta if she will still teach her to be a garden fairy, but Rosetta says she thinks that tinkering is Tinker Bell\'s talent. As a last resort, Tinker Bell asks Vidia for help in becoming a garden fairy. Vidia craftily tells her that capturing the sprinting thistles would prove her worth. However, once she sees Tinker Bell making progress, she lets the captured thistles loose, and in attempting to recapture them, Tinker Bell destroys all the preparations for spring. Tinker Bell decides to leave, but after talking with the light-keeper Terence  about how important his job is, she realizes the importance of a tinker. Tinker Bell redeems herself by inventing machines that quicken the process of decorating flowers, ladybugs, etc. This allows the other fairies to get back on schedule, thus saving the arrival of spring. Vidia is punished for prompting her to cause the chaos, and Queen Clarion allows Tinker Bell to join the nature-talent fairies when they bring spring to the mainland. Tinker Bell is given the task of delivering the music box to its original owner . The narrator ends by saying that when lost toys are found or a broken clock starts to work, "it all means that one very special fairy might be near."'] ['Geppetto  dearly wishes to become a father. One day his wish is granted by the Blue Fairy , and she brings to life a wooden puppet, made by Geppetto, named Pinocchio . In the beginning, everything is rosy for the new family, yet slowly things begin to unravel, culminating with Pinocchio running away. Geppetto, thinking Pinocchio would rather live with the evil Stromboli , washes his hands of the whole matter and tries to go back to his lonely life. Stromboli, however, had kidnapped him and was using him as the main attraction in his puppet show. Geppetto finally comes to his senses and goes out to rescue Pinocchio, but he has run away from Stromboli to the infamous "Pleasure Island" . On his way there, Geppetto has several chance encounters, including a professor that creates children to precise specifications ([[René Auberjonois  and a struggling, traveling magician . Pleasure Island is not all that it seems to be and Pinocchio is turned into a donkey, with Geppetto arriving just in time to see him and to try and rescue him. They set sail on a small boat, get hit by a storm in the middle of the sea, and are swallowed by a whale. They manage to escape and forgive each other for their wrongs, and Pinocchio is turned into a "real boy" by the end of the film and all live happily ever after.'] ["Lilliana Hoffman dies in a carriage accident in the woods, caused by wolves that attack both the horses and the coachman. Her husband Frederick, at his dying wife's urging, reluctantly performs a caesarean section to save their unborn daughter. Years later, the young Lilli Hoffman—the Snow White of the title, although she is never addressed or referred to as such in the film—plays mischievously on the grounds of the Hoffman estate. Lilli greets her new stepmother, Lady Claudia, somewhat reluctantly. Lady Claudia gives the reticent Lilli a Rottweiler puppy. Lilli is pleased, but runs off with the puppy without thanking her. On the Hoffmans' wedding night, Lilli spoils the communal blessing of the marriage bed by dashing the contents of her small ceremonial cup at Claudia. As Lilli grows into womanhood, Claudia keeps her dressed in girls' clothing. Their relationship has not gotten any better, though Claudia does try her best to be civil with Lilli. Lilli continues to be rebellious and cruel to her stepmother's feelings. On the night of a ball, Claudia gives Lilli a dress that belonged to her mother and tells Lilli that it is now her turn to wear it as her stepdaughter. Lilli rebels by wearing one of her own mother's gowns to the ball. Her father is startled, then pleased at Lilli's evocation of her mother; as the two dance, Claudia, in a paroxysm of jealousy, goes into an early labor and delivers a stillborn boy. The doctor informs Frederick that Claudia can never have another child. Claudia, looking haggard from her ordeal, stares into her wardrobe-like mirror, where an ideally beautiful reflection replaces her real one and demands revenge against Lilli for doing this to her. Claudia orders her brother Gustav to kill and eviscerate Lilli in the woods. When Lilli escapes, Gustav kills a pig and presents its organs to Claudia, who keeps what she believes to be Lilli's heart. Claudia orders Gustav to place the rest of the remains in the stew pot, then coos over the deliciousness of the stew as she eats and urges Frederick to join her. When Claudia learns the truth from the mirror, she drives a terrified Gustav to suicide. In the meantime, the quite alive Lilli is found by seven rough, combative miners — outcast by civil or ecclesiastical authority — who grudgingly give her shelter. When one of them threatens her with rape, their unofficial leader, Will, stops him. Meanwhile Claudia discovers that Lilli is still alive and uses her black magic to kill her, instead killing two of the miners, all the while keeping an injured Frederick infirm and afflicting the estate's staff with the Black Death. Claudia then convinces Lilli's fiancé, Dr. Peter Gutenberg, to continue searching for Lilli. As the four remaining miners mourn their losses, Lilli touches Will's scars, inflicted by Crusaders, and the two share a lover's kiss. Claudia disguises herself as an old woman and turns her brother's eviscerated heart into a poisoned apple. Transported to Lilli's refuge, the disguised Claudia speaks kindly to her and gives her the apple, which puts her into a locked-in syndrome that makes her appear dead. Will finds Lilli seemingly dead on the ground from a bite of the apple. Dr. Gutenberg, the last person still searching for Lilli, arrives and pronounces her dead. Seeing her eyes appear to open through her mosaic glass coffin during her burial, Will leaps into the grave, pulls Lilli's body from the coffin, and shakes her as he commands her to breathe, causing the piece of apple lodged in her throat to fall out so that she wakes. Gutenberg takes Lilli back to the mansion to destroy Claudia; Will follows and joins them to help. Lilli's grown dog attacks Will; Lilli counterattacks with her torch, and they escape. On finding her father, Lilli charges Will with getting him safely outside. Claudia kills Gutenberg, and Lilli — rather gratuitously armed with a crossbow — confronts Claudia. Claudia gloats, clutching her newly revived, not fully formed baby boy; disappears; then reappears to attack Lilli, smashing her into mirrors and deliberately cutting her face with one of the shards. Scrambling for safely, Lilli knocks over a burning brazier. When the fire threatens the baby, Claudia is distracted; Lilli finds a knife, and the evil mirror cries out to warn Claudia. Realizing the source of Claudia's strength and weakness, Lilli plunges the knife into the mirror. Claudia then burns to death. Lilli joins Will and a delirious Frederick, who finally recognizes her."] ['Devas are ’busy’ in their Swarglok . Technology has crossed boundaries of earth and even non-mortal devas have become techno-geeks. They converse in Hinglish. Hanuman sees a village boy who is bullied by local hooligans. He decides to help him but for that he has to take birth as a human. He decides to do so after managing some conditional understanding with Brahma. He appears on earth in a village named Bajrangpur from a priest and his wife as a human baby. What differs the reincarnated Hanuman with other humans is that he has a tail and a huge appetite. The baby is christened "Maruti" by his mother. After Maruti is three months old, he takes admission in school. Thereafter he teaches a lesson to local hooligans, Gabbarsingh and his gang. Meanwhile on planet Shukra there is a fight between danavs and accidentally the Sarpdansh comes to Earth. Danavs come to Earth to search for it but they have to face Maruti. Maruti easily defeats Rahu and Ketu with the help of his army of monkeys that came to help him to get free from the hands of culprits . In order to stop Rahu and Ketu from covering the sun, Narada must remind Maruti that he is actually Hanuman. After Narada and Maruti met and signed a contract, Maruti became the more powerful Hanuman, with more godly powers. He also had a new appearance which he looks like child Hanuman from the film\'s predecessor. Then a monster made of polythene and other non-biodegradable waste appears from a volcano that was said to form when Sarpdansh merged with the Kamandal thrown by Shukracharya which coincidentally fell in the volcano in Bajrangpur. The monsters keeps on swallowing the villagers of Bajrangpur.After struggling to stop the monster, Hanuman asked help from God Ram. God Ram then said that when a blockage, which is seen in the end, is cleared then the monster  will finish up. Hanuman did what Ram said, and the monster was defeated. Finally, Hanuman said his farewells to his family and friends and leaves Bajrangpur.'] ['The special is set shortly after the events of Shrek the Third , as Shrek and Fiona\'s children are still infants. Shrek  is quietly living in the swamp with his family when the Christmas season arrives. Under Donkey\'s  urging, Shrek reluctantly promises Princess Fiona  a special Christmas surprise. Shrek goes to the local bookstore in Far, Far Away to try to find a present for Fiona, but since he does not know what Christmas is all about, the shopkeeper  gives Shrek a copy of Christmas For Village Idiots, a step-by-step guide to celebrating the holiday. Shrek proceeds to follow the book\'s advice by decorating the house and getting a tree so he can spend a quiet Christmas Eve with his family, but Donkey brings the entire "family" to the swamp, ruining Shrek\'s plans. As Shrek tries to tell his own version of "A Visit from St. Nicholas "; Gingy, Donkey, and Puss in Boots  interrupt and each tell their own version of a Christmas story. Donkey tells of floats coming to the swamp. At the end, Donkey tells of licking an enormous Santa figure that is made out of waffles, but in reality he accidentally starts licking Shrek\'s leg. Puss tells his version of the story of Santa Claus, but ends up playing with the ball point of his Santa hat, while in reality he is playing with one of the baubles from the christmas tree. However, Gingy\'s story is not happy, but horrifying, as he tells about how his girlfriend Suzy got eaten up by Santa Claus. To which Donkey finds it unbelievable, with Gingy screaming "You weren\'t there!". Donkey finds Shrek\'s Christmas for Village Idiots book, and the ensuing fight over the book destroys all of Shrek\'s decorations, furniture and the tree. Shrek ends up ejecting his friends from the house in a fit of anger. Christmas spirit ruined, Fiona and Shrek have a talk, after which she takes the children and leaves the swamp to go and apologize to their friends. Shrek feels downhearted that Christmas Eve did not go as he hoped it would. Fiona catches up to their friends and explains to Donkey what Shrek had wanted for Christmas. Shrek catches up with the group, and apologizes for losing his temper. Donkey is shocked to learn that this is Shrek\'s first Christmas, because "ogres don\'t celebrate anything." Donkey also apologizes for being annoying, and explains that Christmas never goes as planned and according to his mother, "\'Christmas ain\'t Christmas until somebody cries\', and that\'s usually me." After a snowball fight, the friends return to the swamp, and Shrek tells his story, featuring not Santa, but Ogre Claus. Soon they hear bells and go outside to see Santa and his reindeer, although Gingy runs back inside screaming in terror.'] ['Lieutenant Grumblebee finds a large ship on a riverbank. He observes Puppetino—the chief henchman of the Emperor of the Night—remarking that the area is the perfect place to set up.Stakes and ropes fly from the ship, and a circus tent forms. Grumblebee leaves the area. A year after being made human by the Good Fairy, Pinocchio celebrates his first birthday with Mister Geppetto. The Good Fairy appears and teaches Pinocchio that love is his most powerful gift. She brings to life one of Pinocchio\'s own carvings, a wooden glow worm, to act as Pinocchio\'s conscience. Pinocchio, surprised, accidentally names it Gee Willikers. After the party Pinocchio offers to deliver a jewel box to the mayor for Geppetto. He encounters Scalawag and Igor, who trick Pinocchio into trading the box for the "Pharaoh\'s Ruby". Returning home, Pinocchio is ashamed to discover the ruby is a fake. He runs away, leaving Gee Willikers behind. Pinocchio looks for work at the carnival and is entranced by a blonde marionette named Twinkle. Puppetino uses Twinkle to lure Pinocchio into joining the carnival. Puppetino plays an organ grinder and Pinocchio begins dancing against his will as he is transformed back into a puppet. Puppetino attaches strings to Pinocchio\'s hands and feet and hangs him up with Twinkle. The Good Fairy appears and awakens Pinocchio, explaining that he lost his freedom because he took it for granted. She reminds him of the importance of choice before restoring him to human form. Pinocchio decides to retrieve the jewel box. Willikers is upset so Pinocchio sets him aside and travels alone. He finds Scalawag and Igor, who inform him that the box is at the carnival, which has returned to the ship. They pursue it by boat, but the ship suddenly opens up, swallowing the boat. Willikers, carried to the river by Grumblebee, latches onto Pinocchio\'s pocket as they drift into the ship. Scalawag recognizes the ship as the Empire of the Night. A boatman offers Pinocchio a ride to the jewel box, leaving Scalawag and Igor behind. The boatman says the box is in the opposite, darker end of a cavern. Pinocchio prefers the brighter path, and they row to the "Neon Cabaret". A doorman says that Pinocchio can play inside if he signs a contract. He impulsively agrees, running inside and drinking from a fountain of green liquid that causes him to hallucinate and black out. He awakens on a stage; a ringmaster tells him his fans are waiting and he begins dancing. Scalawag and Igor, who have followed Pinocchio, try to get his attention, but are drawn offstage while he is distracted by Twinkle. Pinocchio bows to thunderous applause. Puppetino appears and Pinocchio turns to find the boatman, who transforms into the doorman and then the ringmaster. He tells Pinocchio that he has reached the "Land Where Dreams Come True" and then morphs into a floating being with four arms—the Emperor of the Night. He demands Pinocchio sign a contract that will make him a puppet again, a choice that will weaken the Good Fairy. Pinocchio refuses and is imprisoned with Scalawag and Igor. Scalawag laments that they have succumbed to their desires without considering the consequences. The Emperor reveals to Pinocchio that Geppetto has been shrunk to fit inside the jewel box. Pinocchio offers to sign the contract if the Emperor frees Geppetto and the others. Pinocchio signs away his freedom, transforming back into a living puppet. The Emperor betrays Pinocchio, telling him that the freedom of choice gives him his power. Pinocchio turns on the Emperor and a blue aura—the light of the Good Fairy—surrounds him. The Emperor shoots bolts of flame at Pinocchio, but the blue light protects him as the ship catches fire. The Emperor promises to make Geppetto pay for Pinocchio\'s choices, and Pinocchio plunges into the Emperor\'s flaming figure, destroying him and his ship. On the shore, Geppetto has returned to his original size. Scalawag and Igor find Pinocchio, who is once again a real boy. The Good Fairy appears, proudly telling Pinocchio that he no longer needs her. She presents the jewel box to Geppetto. She reveals the now human Twinkle awakening nearby before fading away, leaving the group to celebrate.'] ["Once upon a time, in the kingdom of Fortunia, a noble king and his lovely young queen lack but one blessing to make their joy complete. The queen gives birth to a daughter named Snow White, but dies soon after. The king mourns her, but in time, he remarries because of the pleading of his people. His new Queen is a beautiful, but evil woman who soon becomes jealous of Snow White's beauty. On her 17th birthday, Snow White's father dies and the wicked queen immediately imprisons her. Eventually, the queen's jealousy of her stepdaughter becomes so great that she orders her killed. Snow White escapes her hired assassin and finds refuge in the empty cottage of the seven dwarfs, soon to be joined by the Three Stooges, who are traveling to the castle with their ward Quatro. But the boy they have raised since childhood  is in reality Prince Charming, who though he has lost his memory, is betrothed to Snow White. Snow White and the Prince fall in love, but the queen has him kidnapped when she suspects his true identity. The Stooges, disguised as cooks, attempt to rescue him, but he falls from a staircase in the palace and is presumed dead. Meanwhile, the queen learns from her magic mirror that Snow White is still alive. With the help of her magician, Count Oga, she transforms herself into a witch and succeeds in getting Snow White to take a bite from a poisoned apple.  As she rides back to the palace, she encounters the Stooges, and thanks to an inadvertent wish they make on a magic sword , she crashes her broom into a mountainside and falls to her death. The Stooges then find the poisoned Snow White, but they do not bury her. Instead, they place her on a bed, and pray to her each day. Meanwhile, the Prince  has not died from his fall. Instead, he is saved by a group of men who want to revolt against the Evil Queen's rule over Fortunia. As the prince recovers, he realizes that his memory has returned, and so he knows that he is indeed a Prince, and that Snow White is the princess he was destined to marry. After leading a successful revolt which places him on the throne of Fortunia, the prince sends out searchers to find Snow White and the Stooges, unaware that, thanks to yet another inadvertent wish on Count Oga's sword, they are no longer in the country of Fortunia. All searches are fruitless, and Prince Charming is close to giving up hope when he learns of the Evil Queen's magic mirror. The mirror responds truthfully to the desperate Prince's pleas, and the Prince sets off on his journey. He arrives at the Stooges' cabin just in time to dispel the effects of the poisoned apple. Snow White and Prince Charming are married and live happily ever after."] ['The film begins with an aging king named William  who has a daughter named Odette . He and his friend, the widowed Queen Uberta , decide to have Odette and the Queen\'s son, Prince Derek , meet every summer with hopes they\'ll fall in love so as to unite their kingdoms. At first, while Odette and Derek are still children, this fails miserably, but as years pass and the two reach young adulthood, they finally begin to strongly fall madly in love. However, during a royal ball, Derek expresses his wish to marry Odette for just her beautiful and pretty looks, which upsets her into rejecting him again. She leaves the next day with her father, but they are intercepted en route by Rothbart , an evil sorcerer who desires William\'s kingdom for himself. He kidnaps Odette and fatally injures William; Derek, alerted to the situation, arrives on the scene, where William tells him with his dying breath that they were attacked by a "Great Animal", a bat-like monster that is "not what it seems". Despite Uberta\'s efforts to find another princess for her son to marry, Derek becomes fircerely determined to find Odette. He and his best friend Bromley  practice hunting each day to hopefully kill the Great Animal and save Odette. Elsewhere, Rothbart has taken Odette to his castle lair at Swan Lake and cast a transformational spell on her that makes her turn into a swan during the day and a human again during the night. The spell can only be broken by a vow of everlasting romantic love. He asks her to marry him every night so he can rule William\'s kingdom legally, as taking it by force is too much trouble, but she always refuses. During her captivity, she befriends an old turtle named Speed , a frog named Jean-Bob , and Puffin , a puffin bird. Puffin, after learning about the workings of Rothbart\'s evil spell, devises a plan to reunite Odette with Derek. Together with Puffin, Odette finds Derek, who has gone searching for her with Bromley; however, he mistakes her for the Great Animal and tries to kill her. The ensuing chase leads Derek to Swan Lake, where he witnesses Odette change from swan to human. The two share a happy loving reunion, but almost immediately, Rothbart comes calling. At Odette\'s insistence, Derek leaves with the hopes of meeting her at a ball being held by Uberta the following night. Unfortunately, Rothbart finds Derek\'s bow , tells Odette that there will be no moon the next night, and has her, in swan form, imprisoned within the castle dungeon along with Bromley. He then plans to send his hag sidekick Bridget, disguised as Odette, to the ball instead. Odette\'s friends free her, but when she reaches the ball, she sees that she has been replaced and tries to warn Derek; she fails, partly due to Bridget\'s attempts to keep Derek from seeing her, and Derek makes the vow to Bridget. Rothbart arrives and reveals that Derek\'s vow, given to the wrong woman, will cause his spell to kill Odette. She flies back to Swan Lake as Rothbart\'s curse drains her life force while Derek, desperate to save her, races after; he arrives too late, and she dies in his arms, but not before she admits her true undying romantic feelings and love for him and that she will always truly love him. A furious Derek confronts Rothbart, demanding that he not allow Odette to die. To Derek\'s surprise, Rothbart transforms into the Great Animal, and an intense battle ensues, with Rothbart overpowering Derek and nearly killing him. Fortunately, Odette\'s animal friends return Derek\'s longbow to him, and Bromley, who has escaped the dungeon, provides Derek with a single arrow; Derek catches it and kills Rothbart by firing it straight-and-true into his heart. With Rothbart\'s defeat, his spell on Odette is broken, and she returns to life to hear Derek say that he truly does love her for her courage and kindness and has always had. The two are soon married and live happily ever after.'] ["A couple had three sons, and the youngest was a fool. One day, the Tsar declared that whoever made him a ship that could sail through the air would marry his daughter. The older two set out, with everything their parents could give them; then the youngest set out as well, despite their ridicule and being given less fine food. He met a little man and, when the man asked to share, he hesitated only because it was not fit. But when he opened it, the food had become fine. The man told him how to strike a tree with an axe; then, he was not to look at it but fall to his knees. When he was lifted up, he would find the tree had been turned into a boat, and could fly it to the Tsar's palace, but he should give anyone who asked a lift. He obeyed. On the way, he met and gave a lift to a man who was listening to everything in the world, a man who hopped on one leg so that he would not reach the end of the world in one bound, a man who could shoot a bird at a hundred miles, a man who needed a great basket of bread for his breakfast, a man whose thirst could not be sated by a lake, a man with a bundle of wood that would become soldiers, and a man with straw that would make everything cold. At the Tsar's place, the Tsar did not want to marry the princess to a peasant. He decided to send him to the end of the world to get healing water, before the Tsar finished his dinner. But the man who could hear heard him and told the youngest son, who lamented his fate. The fleet-footed man went after it. He fell asleep by the spring, and the huntsman shot the tree he was leaning against to wake him up, and he brought back the water in time. The Tsar then ordered him to eat twelve oxen and twelve tons of bread, but the glutton ate them all. The Tsar then ordered him to drink forty casks of wine, with forty gallons each, but the thirsty man drank them all. The Tsar said that the betrothal would be announced after the youngest son bathed, and went to have him stifled in the bath by heat. The straw cooled it, saving him. The King demanded that he present him with an army on the spot, and with the wood, the youngest son had it and threatened to attack if the Tsar did not agree. The Tsar had him dressed in fine clothing, and the princess fell in love with him on sight. They were married, and even the glutton and the thirsty man had enough to eat and drink at the feast."] ['Prince Charming now performs inside a stage in a bar, vowing that he\'ll become King of Far, Far Away. Meanwhile, King Harold is dying and his ogre son-in-law Shrek and daughter Princess Fiona are next in line to be King and Queen of Far Far Away. Shrek, who is having considerable difficulty serving as Regent during the King\'s medical leave, insists that an ogre as king is a bad idea and that there has to be someone else for the job. Before dying, Harold tells Shrek that there is another heir: his nephew, Arthur Pendragon. Meanwhile, Prince Charming has gone to the Poison Apple tavern where he encounters a variety of fairy tale villains consisting of Captain Hook, the Evil Queen, Rumpelstiltskin, a Cyclops, the Headless Horseman, the Puppet Master, assorted outlaws, black knights, pirates, malevolent trees, evil Dwarves, and wicked witches. Although they initially despise Prince Charming, he persuades them to fight for their "happily ever after" after reviewing how they were robbed of theirs like he was robbed of his. Meanwhile Shrek, Donkey and Puss in Boots set out to retrieve Arthur, as they\'re sailing away, Fiona announces to Shrek that she is pregnant. Shrek says that he is going to like it until he begins thinking of what being a father would bring to him. The trio journey to Worcestershire Academy, an elite boarding school, where they discover that Arthur  is a scrawny 16-year old underachiever picked on by everyone. At the school pep rally, Shrek tells Artie he\'s going to be king of Far Far Away. Artie is excited until Donkey and Puss inadvertently scare him by talking about the responsibilities of being king while they\'re sailing home. Panicked, Artie tries to take control of the ship and crashes it on an island where they meet Artie\'s retired wizard teacher, Merlin. Charming and the other villains invade the kingdom and attack the castle, but Wolfie, Pinocchio, Gingie, the Three Little Pigs, and the Blind Mice stall them enough long enough for Fiona and her mother Queen Lilian to try escaping along with Snow White, Rapunzel, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and Doris the Ugly Stepsister. However the ladies are captured when Rapunzel betrays them because she is in love with Charming. Captain Hook and his pirates track Shrek and company to Merlin\'s island, where they attempt to capture Shrek and kill the others. Shrek and Artie send the villains running, but not before Hook mentions Charming and the takeover of Far Far Away. Concerned for his wife and future children, Shrek urges Artie to return to the safety of Worcestershire. However, Artie cons Merlin into coming out of retirement long enough to use his magic to send them all to Far Far Away; the spell works, but accidentally causes Puss and Donkey to switch bodies. They find Charming bent on revenge against Shrek for "stealing" his "happily ever after," and learn that he plans to kill Shrek in a play that night. Charming\'s men arrive shortly, but Artie tricks the knights into not taking them into custody. They break into the castle during rehearsals for the play. In Charming\'s dressing room, Shrek bursts in but Charming summons his men, who take the four captive. Charming prepares to kill Artie, believing he\'s the next king. To save Artie\'s life, Shrek tells Charming that Artie was just a pawn to take his place as King of Far Far Away. Charming believes Shrek and decides not to kill Artie, who runs away. Donkey and Puss are imprisoned with Fiona and the princesses, where Fiona grows frustrated with their lack of initiative. Queen Lilian smashes the stone wall of the prison by head butting the walls. While the princesses launch a rescue mission for Shrek, Donkey and Puss free Gingy, Pinocchio, the wolf and pigs, Dragon, and Donkey\'s children. They encounter Artie, and Puss and Donkey explain to him that Shrek lied so Charming wouldn\'t kill him. Charming stages a musical in which he rescues Rapunzel. The chained Shrek wins the audience by ridiculing Charming. Just as Charming is about to kill Shrek, Princess Fiona along with Puss, Donkey, the princesses and the fairy tale characters confront the villains. However, the villains regain control. Artie eventually arrives and convinces the villains to give up their evil ways. Charming, furious at being thwarted, lunges for Artie with his sword. Shrek blocks the blow and Charming lunges at him. Shrek, who at first seems fatally injured, informs Charming that he missed and that the Prince needs to keep looking for his own happily ever after. As Shrek pushes Charming aside, Dragon knocks over Rapunzel\'s tower, and crushes Charming to death. Shrek tells Artie the throne is his if he wants it. Artie chooses to become king. While the kingdom celebrates, Merlin restores Puss and Donkey to their proper bodies, accidentally switching their tails . Shrek retires with Fiona to their swamp, becoming the parents of ogre triplets.'] ["Set in modern times, the film takes place within the dreams of Rosaleen , a young girl. Rosaleen dreams that she lives in a fairytale forest with her parents (Tusse Silberg and [[David Warner  and sister , but one day her sister is killed by wolves. While her parents are mourning, Rosaleen goes to live with her grandmother , who knits a bright red shawl for her granddaughter to wear. The superstitious old woman gives Rosaleen an ominous warning, to beware men whose eyebrows meet. Rosaleen returns to her village, but finds that she must deal with the advances of an amorous boy . Rosaleen and the boy take a walk through the forest, but the boy discovers that the village's cattle have come under attack from a wolf. The villagers set out to hunt the wolf, but once caught and killed, the wolf's corpse transforms into that of a human being. Rosaleen later takes a basket of goods through the woods to her grandmother's cottage, but on her way she encounters an attractive huntsman , whose eyebrows meet. He challenges her, saying that he can find his way to her grandmother's house before she can, and the pair set off. The hunter arrives at Rosaleen's grandmother's house first, where he reveals his bestial nature and eats her. Rosaleen arrives later and discovers the carnage, but her need to avenge her grandmother is complicated by her desire for the hunter. In the ensuing scuffle, Rosaleen succeeds in shooting the huntsman with his own rifle. But instead of dying, the hunter contorts in pain and transforms into his wolf shape. Rosaleen takes pity on the wounded beast, noting that his pack is leaving him behind. She sits down, and begins petting the wolf kindly and tenderly. Ultimately the villagers arrive at the house, looking for a werewolf within. Instead, they discover that Rosaleen herself has become a wolf. She and the huntsman escape to the forest, joined by a growing pack. It is strongly suggested that the couple have chosen each other as mates. Back in the present day, Rosaleen awakes with a scream, wolves apparently breaking through the window of her bedroom. Perrault's moral from Le Petit Chaperon Rouge is then read over the beginning of the credits. The moral warns girls to beware of charming strangers. Throughout the course of the film, a number of stories are interspersed into the main narrative as tales told by several of the characters: *Granny's tale to Rosaleen: A young groom  is about to bed his new bride  when a 'call of nature' summons him outside. He disappears and his bride is terrified to see wolves howling outside. A search the following day yields a wolf paw print only. Years later, she remarries and has children, only to have her original husband finally return. Angered at her having had children with a new husband, the groom transforms into his werewolf form, but is slain when the new husband ([[Jim Carter  returns. *Granny's second tale to Rosaleen: A young man is walking through the enchanted forest when he encounters the Devil (Terence Stamp; anachronistically arriving in a chauffeured [[Rolls-Royce , who offers the boy a transformative potion, which ultimately monstrously transforms him against his will. *Rosaleen's story to her mother: A woman  'done a terrible wrong' by a rich, young nobleman  turns up at his wedding party, where she magically transforms the groom, the bride and the guests into wolves. They flee into the forest, but the sorceress commands that the wolves 'serenade' her and her child each night. *Rosaleen's story to the huntsman/wolf: A she-wolf from the world beneath arrives at a village. Despite meaning no harm, she is shot by a villager. She reveals herself in her human form  to an old priest , who bandages her wound. Ultimately she returns to her world through the village well."] ["Ranger Steve  sits by a campfire, telling a story about the Davis family. John Davis  is flying a water plane over a valley called Sasquatch Valley with his two daughters Khristy and Maggie. Khristy tells Maggie that a Sasquatch means Bigfoot and Maggie wonders if there are any Bigfoot in the valley. Khristy tells her that Bigfoot is a myth. They finally arrive at their new home and there are pine cones all over the house. At the end of the day everything is cleaned up and everyone goes to bed. Maggie hears something in the shed outside. She finds a small bigfoot in the shed. Maggie trips and falls and the small bigfoot runs away. In the morning John, Maggie, and Khristy go to John's new job. They meet Dave  the boss of the plant. A new dam is going to be built in a river that will provide power for the area. Meanwhile, Cletus McNabb and his sidekick Dawg the dog want to catch a bigfoot. That night Maggie goes outside again to look for the bigfoot. She finds him again and chases the bigfoot way out into the forest. She loses him and it starts to rain. The bigfoot comes back with his mother  and takes her into a secret cave under a waterfall. Maggie finds out that the new dam will flood their home. The bigfoot takes Maggie home. The next morning Maggie tries to tell John and Khristy but they don't believe her. Once John goes to work Maggie and Khristy meet Ranger Steve he says that John asked him to check up on them. Once he leaves Maggie tries to tell Khristy that bigfoot is real but Khristy does not believe her. Mad, Maggie runs to go find them. Khristy follows her and they finally come to the cave. Cletus McNabb and Dawg see them go into the cave and sets up a plan to catch one of the bigfoot. John goes back to the house and looks everywhere for his daughters. When John goes out into the forest he runs into bigfoot and they take him to the cave. Now John knows that the bigfoot are in danger so they plan a way to stop the cave from flooding. They pile up all of the pine cones in the valley and grinding them up into pulp. They take the pulp into the cave and cover the cracks in the cave with it. Now they wonder if the walls will cave in so they have to move them out. They move them high up in the snowy mountains in another cave. Cletus and Dawg go into the cave to catch one of them but the caves close in and the cave floods and Cletus and Dawg get out. Up in the mountains the Davis family say goodbye to the bigfoot. At the end of the credits Dawg gets mad at Cletus and moves in with the Davises."] ['The film\'s narrative consists of several interwoven subplots taking place in the town of Northfork, Montana circa 1955. A new dam is being built which will flood the valley of Northfork, and the town is in the midst of an evacuation. The narratives focus on several individuals who, for one reason or another, have yet to evacuate. Walter O\'Brian  and his son  are on the evacuation team, helping to evacuate the last few inhabitants of Northfork. Father Harlan  is one such individual, who has stayed behind to care for Irwin , a dying orphan too weak to leave town. While the O\'Brians and their co-workers encounter an array of unusual characters, Irwin discovers that he is the "unknown angel" and finds himself a family in his dreams.'] ['Barbie tells a story to her little sister Kelly, who does not have confidence in her painting abilities. Rapunzel lives as a servant to the witch Gothel, who resides in a manor isolated in the woods. She grows up believing that Gothel saved her from abandonment as an infant. Rapunzel finds companionship in Penelope, an outgoing dragon, and Hobie, a worrisome rabbit. Rapunzel spends what free time she has painting beautiful pictures of places she dreams of going when she is free one day. However, Gothel disapproves of Rapunzel\'s hobbies and accuses her of not appreciating everything that Gothel has done for her. While preparing tea for Gothel, Penelope accidentally finds a secret staircase which leads to an old room below the manor. In it they discover a gift from her parents who allegedly deserted her: a silver hairbrush engraved with the following: “Constant as the stars above, always know that you are loved. To our daughter, Rapunzel on her first birthday. With Love Forever, Mother and Father.” These words leave the young artist questioning her past for the first time. Her diversion is quickly interrupted by Gothel’s calls for tea. After serving Gothel her meal, Rapunzel and her friends revisit the cellar where Peneolope exposes yet another secret: a tunnel leading to the nearby village. Rapunzel takes this path to the small kingdom and is able to rescue a princess named Katrina from a pitfall. Soon after, Rapunzel is introduced to Katrina’s elder brother, the handsome Prince Stefan. He explains to her that the trap Katrina managed to escape was put there by King Wilhelm, the ruler of an opposing kingdom. Enchanted by the mysterious maiden, Stefan asks to meet her again, to which she agrees, though their meeting is ended abruptly before Stefan could tell her his name when she quickly rushes back to the woods to avoid being discovered by Gothel. Unknown to Rapunzel, Gothel\'s pet ferret, Otto, has witnessed the entire exchange. Angered, Gothel demands Rapunzel tell her the boy\'s name. Rapunzel insists that she does not know it but Gothel does not believe her, thinking she has been lying to her despite that she knew his existence. Rapunzel tells her that she cannot keep her locked away forever to which Gothel responds: Watch me. Gothel destroys Rapunzel\'s paint and paintings before transforming her bedroom into a tall tower and stations Hugo, Penelope\'s father, outside. Gothel refuses to let Rapunzel go until she tells her the name of the boy she met. That night, Rapunzel has a dream that Prince Stefan found her tower. He came up by climbing her long hair. When up there, they are about to kiss, but Gothel shows up and separates them. Rapunzel then wakes up and reads the engraving on the hairbrush. She realizes that there is still hope. Going back to sleep, a shower of light turns the hairbrush into a paintbrush. It is revealed that Gothel is the fiendish puppet-master of the whole feud and is enjoying watching the two kings attempt to destroy one another. Rapunzel is left alone with Hobie and Penelope, who cheer her up with new paint to replace the ones taken away from by Gothel. Hobie discovers the paintbrush and Rapunzel begins to paint. It soon becomes clear that she doesn\'t need paint and whatever she paints becomes real. Rapunzel paints the village and then steps through, arriving at the palace gardens and meets Stefan. She shows him the brush and asks for help to find its maker but insists that he never tell her his name. She meets a silversmith who says his brother made it, who lives in Wilhelm\'s side. The silversmith has not seen his brother in years, making him very upset. Stefan realizes that the feud is hurting the villagers more than he realized. Afterward, Stefan asks Rapunzel to a masked ball. She replies that she will meet him there. He tells that her hair is a \'beautiful give away.\' Penelope soon arrives explaining that Gothel is coming and they must leave so that Hugo will not be hurt. Rapunzel leaves and paints a way out. When back at the tower, Rapunzel uses the paintbrush to paint herself a beautiful gown. Hobie and Penelope provide a mask. Unfortunately, the paintbrushes light can be seen and Otto sneaks in. He quickly steals the invitation without their notice and presents it to Gothel. Angered, she arrives at the tower and slices off Rapunzel\'s hair and breaks the paintbrush into pieces. She also manages to destroy the painting of the village. Because she thinks Rapunzel refused to tell the truth, Gothel puts a spell around her tower, which holds people who lie forever and can never be broken. Gothel then storms to King Frederick and Stefan\'s castle, intent on destroying them. Back at the tower, Rapunzel manages to escape with the help of Penelope and Hugo, as the spell only works if the prisoner is a liar, which Rapunzel is not. She then rushes to save Stefan. Stefan is lured away from the part by Gothel, who is disguised as Rapunzel. Gothel reveals herself and begins her attack. King Wilhelm appears before King Frederick, hoping to end the feud by force. It is revealed that the source of the feud is that Wilhelm believes Frederick kidnapped his daughter, who has been missing since she was an infant. Frederick replies that he planned nothing of the sort and he has no idea where Wilhelm\'s daughter is, to which Gothel reveals that she took Rapunzel because Wilhelm "loved" her but married another woman, as he saw her only as a friend. Rapunzel arrives just in time to stop them from fighting and Wilhelm recognizes her as his daughter. A battle ensues, and Gothel begins to attack Rapunzel with magic. As Rapunzel runs into the royal maze she remembers the magic painting of the tower and tricks Gothel into running into it. She finds herself in Rapunzel\'s tower, which Hugo reminds her she can\'t escape as she has a lying heart. Rapunzel is reunited with her father and mother, and marries Stefan, thus their fathers reconcile to re-unite their kingdoms, with Hugo, Penelope, Hobie living in the castle with them. It is revealed that Otto now serves Gothel but it is implied that she died soon after. A shot is seen of Rapunzel and Stefan walking along a beach, which is the same one as Rapunzel painted with a castle in the distance, implying her dreams came true. The scene becomes the painting Barbie had been working on. Kelly now feels better and begins painting with blue which turns into the credits.'] ["The story is being told by Barbie to her little sister Kelly, who is feeling uneasy about being at camp overnight for the first time. She remembers the story while looking at constellations, being started on after finding Cygnus. The story begins with Odette dancing in her father's bakery. Odette feels happy because she knows how to dance a ballet dance which is to be very hard to handle or to be practiced. Her sister is also shown as a fast horse rider. A unicorn named Lila arrives in the village and manages to escape hunters and runs into an Enchanted Forest with the curious Odette on her heels. Lila becomes trapped and Odette unknowingly removes a magic crystal , unaware that the Fairy Queen is watching,then Odette was shocked with what is happening. She uses it to free Lila and the Fairy Queen tells Odette that she is the chosen one for the crystal chose her by letting her take it away from the tree. She explains that Odette is the one who will purge the evil plaguing the forest, the Fairy Queen's cousin, Rothbart. Odette, not wanting to get mixed up in the situation, refuses. The Fairy Queen complies but sends Lila to escort her out and give one last try at convincing her. Rothbart appears in the wood with his daughter, cornering Odette by a tree. There she is trapped and transformed into a swan by the evil wizard, who wants to use Odette and the crystal to defeat his enemy the Fairy Queen. The Fairy Queen is able to partially counter the spell so that Odette retains her human form by night, although she will still have to turn into a swan by day. Odette also meets the other elves of the forest: Carlita, now a skunk, Ivan, a porcupine as well as a few others. Odette's father and sister, Marie, start looking for her, afraid because Odette is missing. Prince Daniel, the prince living in the castle in Odette's village, is introduced. A spirited man, he prefers exploring rather than marriage, much to the dismay of his mother. The fairy queen also gives Odette a crown with the crystal in it that will protect her from Rothbart. Odette is determined to find a solution to the problem and goes to a magical library to find it. However, they are unable to locate the book and Odette is disheartened. Rothbart lures Prince Daniel into the forest, determined to get him to hunt Odette. However, Daniel is captivated by the swan's beauty and decides to let it live. The two soon fall in love when he sees her true form.They dance gracefully and afterwards Odette transform into a swan. Daniel asks Odette to a ball, but at first she denies until he finally convinces her to come. Odette agrees. Soon, Erasmus-the troll in charge of the library- arrives, having found the book. He reveals to them that the solution is true love. Realizing that Daniel can save them all, the Fairy Queen teaches Odette how to waltz at the ball but are interrupted when Erasmus is kidnapped. They manage to save him but Rothbart learns of what will be his downfall. So, he transforms his daughter Odile to look like Odette in the eyes of Daniel. Odette races to get to Daniel but is too late. At the ball Prince Daniel pledges his love to Odile, thinking her to be Odette. Odette, who was trapped outside in swan form, is unable to tell Daniel about the trick. Odette falls to the ground, the crystal having lost its power and she is mortally weakened. Rothbart reveals the truth and he and Odile escape. Daniel runs after them and the Fairy Queen attempts to revive Odette, who is barely alive. However, Rothbart turns her  into a mouse and attempts to kill Odette and Daniel. The two fall onto each other, their hands intertwined. At that moment, the crystal's power explodes outwards, stopping Rothbart, as they two were truly in love. The two awaken and all of Rothbart's evil is undone. At last, Odette and Prince Daniel confess their love for each other. Everyone from the village and the Enchanted forest celebrate. It is revealed that Odette and Daniel are to be married and are finally happy. Rothbart gets his just dessert as he is now a Cuckoo Clock while Odile is a maid. At the end, it is shown the story has given Kelly a new resolve and she promises she will participate in the race the following day. She yawns and heads off to bed, with Barbie smiling behind her."] [' The Beast  and Belle  plan to eat together, and the Beast asks for advice from Lumiere . While Cogsworth  escorts Belle to the dining room, they come across the castle\'s well-meaning but rather verbose writer, Webster , turned into a dictionary, whom Belle invites to join them in the dining room . During the meal, while Belle explains a story she has been reading to the Beast, the Beast gets sweaty and demands that the windows be opened, despite there being a drought and the other servants getting cold. The Beast and Belle get into an argument, and the Beast strikes Webster off the table when the latter begins giving unwanted synonyms to Belle\'s insults. Subsequently, they both stop speaking to each other, despite Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s attempts to patch things up. Eventually, Webster, feeling guilty for his part, forges a letter of apology from the Beast to Belle with his friends, a pile of papers named Crane  and a quill named LePlume . Belle sees the letter, and makes amends with the Beast. That night, however, the truth comes out, and after a furious chase around the castle, Beast catches and banishes Webster, Crane and LePlume for the forgery, throwing them into the forest. Belle ventures out and brings them back, and the Beast, touched by Belle\'s sympathy, forgives the three and allows them back in, realizing that their intentions were good. The moral of this story being how easy it is to forgive.  On the anniversary of Lumiere\'s first date with Fifi , Lumiere grows so nervous to the point that he cleans himself excessively and turns to Belle for advice, by walking with her in the garden and reciting what he plans to say to Fifi to her. Fifi overhears this, and believes that Lumiere and Belle are having an affair behind her back. In reality, Lumiere has planned a surprise snow ride around the castle gardens with Fifi. To get back at Lumiere, Fifi attempts to seduce Cogsworth, who is apparently not interested. In the end, things are cleared up and Lumiere and Fifi go for the ride, but the pot they are sitting in slips off the edge of the balcony and hangs over the moat (the same chasm in which [[Gaston . Lumiere holds onto Fifi for while hanging for dear life, and tells her he loves her. Before they can fall, Belle, Cogsworth and a few more servants arrive and get them back to safety. In this story everyone learns that "sometimes things are just as they seem."  Mrs. Potts is feeling depressed due to dreadful weather, and Belle, who has come to look at Mrs. Potts as a mother figure, decides to cheer her up by throwing a surprise party for her, all the while without waking the sleeping Beast . However, Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s rivalry gets in the way, in fields such as composing music, Mrs. Potts\' favourite flowers , and the cake\'s flavors. Eventually, Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s attempts to sabotage one another\'s decisions comes to a point where the baking cake explodes and makes a complete mess in the kitchen. Lumiere and Cogsworth, after a scolding from Belle, decide to put their rivalry behind them for good and work together to make a small surprise for Mrs. Potts. The plan goes well, and Mrs. Potts is cured of her depression, and the sun finally shines again. In this story, everyone learned the great power of cooperation and compromises.  Belle and Beast arrange to have lunch together again, but an injured bird accidentally flies into Belle\'s room, and she forgets her arrangement, instead paying more attention to the bird. Beast discovers this, and flies into a rage, trying to catch the bird, but he trips over Cogsworth and hits his head hard on the floor. This strips him of his hatred for birds, but his selfishness drives him to lock the bird in a cage and demand that he sing for him when he pleases, but the obviously saddened and frightened bird refuses. Meanwhile, Cogsworth feels he is losing control over his staff, and demands their respect with harsh treatment. In the meantime, Belle convinces Beast otherwise, and he releases the bird once its wing is cured, but the bird, still too weak, begins to fall, and Beast rushes to rescue it. In the process, Cogsworth falls from the West Wing balcony and into the garden, but is unhurt, and learns that you cannot demand respect, but you can earn it by giving it. And Belle and Beast make amends, and Beast learns to treat people and animals with respect and compassion.'] [' Before Shrek and Donkey rescue Princess Fiona in the first film, King Harold and Queen Lillian – desperate to lift their daughter\'s curse – meet with con artist Rumpelstiltskin, who wishes to become King of Far Far Away in exchange for helping them. But before the deal is contracted, the king and queen learn that Fiona has been rescued. Rumpelstiltskin is then shown to have become washed up as a result and subsequently bitter towards Shrek for inadvertently ruining his plans. In the present, Shrek has steadily grown tired of being a family man and celebrity among the local villagers, leading him to yearn for the days when he felt like a "real ogre". He takes his family to Far Far Away to celebrate his children\'s first birthday. Shrek gets annoyed when the three little pigs eat the kids\' cake along with most of the other party food. A boy named Butterpants  demands that Shrek roar. After he lets out a frustrated roar the entire crowd cheers, reinforcing his belief that no one considers him to be a true ogre. This coupled with the fact that the birthday cakes were decorated with a "cute" Ogre named "Sprinkles" finally makes Shrek snap and he smashes the new birthday cake in anger. He and Fiona argue outside about his reaction which ends with Shrek rashly agreed that he was happier before he\'d rescued her. After storming off, Shrek encounters Rumpelstiltskin. Rumpel, who had observed Shrek\'s angry outburst with Fiona, seizes his chance. He follows Shrek and arranges what appears to be an accident where he is trapped under his carriage. Shrek helps him and Rumpel being "grateful", gives Shrek a ride and a meal. When Shrek voices his frustrations, Rumpel offers to give Shrek a day to live like a real ogre in exchange for a day from his childhood that he would not remember being erased. Shrek signs the contract and appears in a reality where he is still feared by villagers. He takes the opportunity to cause some light hearted mischief until he finds wanted posters for the ogress Fiona and his home deserted and desolate. He is kidnapped by witches and taken to Rumpelstiltskin, now the King of Far Far Away and possibly Emperor of a good deal more, which has become derelict and run down. Rumpelstiltskin uses ogres and some of Shrek\'s friends as slave labor. Upon inquiry, Rumpelstiltskin reveals that the day he erased was the day that Shrek was born. Therefore, Shrek never saved Fiona, never met Donkey, and consequently Rumpelstiltskin was able to get Harold and Lillian to sign their kingdom away, then cause them to disappear. When the day ends, Shrek will fade from existence. Shrek escapes Rumpelstiltskin\'s castle with Donkey. Initially terrified of Shrek, Donkey decides to trust him after seeing Shrek cry over his lost past, something he had never seen an ogre do before. After Shrek explains the situation, Donkey helps him find a loophole: the contract will be nullified if Shrek and Fiona share true love\'s kiss. Shrek and Donkey first travel to the dragon\'s keep where Fiona was kept and find the place deserted and the lava from the crater under the castle has been drained. They soon encounter a band of ogres who are resisting Rumpelstiltskin. The ogres are led by Fiona, who is still cursed after escaping from the tower where she was held captive, and keeps the retired and overweight Puss in Boots as a pet. Shrek does everything he can to gain Fiona\'s love, but she is too busy preparing an ambush on Rumpelstiltskin. She is also bitterly cynical and disillusioned about the power of true love and throws herself into planning Rumpelstiltskin\'s capture. While sparring with her, Fiona begins to like Shrek, but stops short of kissing him. Shrek is discouraged, but Puss encourages him to continue pursuing Fiona. During the ambush, the ogres are captured by the Pied Piper, though Shrek and Fiona managed to escape with the intervention of Puss and Donkey. Shrek insists Fiona kiss him, saying it will fix everything, but because Fiona does not truly love him it is ineffective. Upon hearing that Rumpelstiltskin is offering anything desired by the one who captures Shrek, Shrek surrenders himself in exchange for all the ogres being released. Fiona remains in custody because she is only an ogre by night . Shrek and Fiona are to be fed to Dragon, but Donkey, Puss and the ogres raid Rumpelstiltskin\'s castle, allowing Shrek and Fiona to both subdue Dragon and capture Rumpelstiltskin. As the sun rises, Shrek begins to fade from existence. But Fiona, having fallen in love with him, kisses him just before he disappears, thereby voiding the contract and restoring the world to just before Shrek originally lashed out at everyone. Shrek embraces his friends and family with a newfound appreciation for everything he has, truly living happily ever after.'] ['As the story begins, we are introduced to the idea that the Wizard  controls all of the fairy tales and maintains the balance of good and evil in Fairy Tale Land. With the help of his assistants the uptight Munk  and the decidedly goofy Mambo , the Wizard is checking to make sure that all the fairy tales under his care are "on track" to have their traditional happy endings. As we meet him however, the Wizard is leaving for Scotland for a long-overdue vacation. He leaves the kingdom in the hands of Munk and Mambo. Ella is a girl who is better known as Cinderella . She lives as a servant to her step family, dreams of the Prince  who will sweep her off her feet. Her best friend at the palace is Rick , the palace dishwasher. Rick takes it upon himself to deliver the invitations to the royal ball to Ella. Ella sees Rick only as a friend, but Rick secretly loves Ella, although he is too cool and proud to admit it. Rick can\'t really understand what Ella likes about the Prince. Rick\'s Three Amigos, the comic chefs in the palace kitchen, believe that Rick has a bad case of "Prince envy". The Prince does everything by the book, and plans to meet his maiden at the ball. However, things don\'t go as planned at the ball. Thanks to the assistants, Ella\'s evil stepmother, Frieda , gains access to the Wizard\'s lair during the Prince\'s ball. She manages to chase off Munk and Mambo and tip the scales of good and evil, causing a series of fairy tales to go wrong and have unhappy endings including Jack getting stepped on by the Giant , Little Red Riding Hood being eaten by the Big Bad Wolf, and Rumpelstiltskin  winning his bet with the miller\'s daughter and takes her baby. She summons an army of Trolls, witches, 3 Big Bad Wolves, the Giant, and Rumpelstilkskin to her castle. Ella finds out and escapes to the woods, where she meets Munk and Mambo. The trio set out to find the prince who has gone looking for his maiden , in hopes that he will defeat Frieda and save the day. Together, they flee to the Seven Dwarfs\' home. Witches and trolls led by The Ice Queen attack them. The dwarfs hold off the trolls, while they flee with the help of Rick who had stolen a flying broom. Frieda decides to go after Ella herself. She succeeds in capturing her and returns to the palace, with Rick, Munk and Mambo in pursuit. Frieda tortures Ella because if the story had run its course she would have married the prince while Frieda would never get anywhere in life. Rick, Munk, and Mambo slip into the castle and attack Frieda. During the fight, Frieda generates a pit in the floor. Mambo knocks her in, but she uses her staff to fly back up again. After a short battle, in which Rick takes a blast meant for Ella and falls into a deep sleep, Frieda creates a portal by accident. Ella knocks Frieda back and punches her into the portal. Rick awakes from the spell and he and Ella kiss, finally admitting their feelings for each other. Ella and her true love Rick decide to choose their destinies in a world of happy endings and get married. Rumpelstiltskin has shown throughout the movie that he has come to care for the baby, and the miller\'s daughter lets him stay in the castle as the baby\'s nanny. The Wizard returns from vacation where he wasn\'t told about what happened while he was away. In the final scene, Frieda is shown trapped in the Arctic surrounded by elephant seals.'] ["When four children Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy stumble into an old Wardrobe they find themselves in a magical land called Narnia with talking animals, fauns, hags, the Wicked White Witch and the great lion Aslan. There they meet the friendly Mr and Mrs Beaver, who help them on their quest to find Aslan the great lion. Only he can help save Edmund and Lucy's friend Mr Tumnus  from the White Witch."] ['In an unnamed kingdom, a blonde princess and a brunette pauper are born simultaneously. The princess, Anneliese, craves freedom from her royal duties, especially when she is informed by her widowed mother, Queen Genevieve, that she must marry the wealthy king of a nearby kingdom because their own royal treasury is nearly bankrupt. The Pauper, Erika, craves a different sort of freedom as she is an indentured servant at the Madam Carp\'s Dress Emporium to work off her parents\' debt, but dreams of becoming a singer. Unbeknownst to the royal family, the royal advisor Preminger has been having his minions Nick and Nack steal gold from the royal mines for some time. Preminger plans to announce his newfound wealth to Queen Genevieve, which he believes will allow him to marry Princess Anneliese. When Preminger learns that Queen Genevieve has approached King Dominick of Dulcimia to marry Anneliese, Preminger orders Nick and Nack to kidnap Anneliese, so that Preminger can stage his "rescuing" her, hoping that Queen Genevieve will give him Anneliese\'s hand in marriage. Anneliese and her tutor, Julian, are in love with one another, though they are unaware of each other\'s feelings. To cheer her up, Julian decides to take Anneliese into town. The princess crosses paths with Erika and the girls are shocked to see how identical they are, the only differences between them being their hair colour and the crown-shaped birthmark on Anneliese\'s right shoulder. The girls quickly become friends as do their cats, Serafina and Wolfie. On the same night, Anneliese is kidnapped and a fake letter is left on her desk stating Anneliese "ran away" to avoid marrying King Dominick. Julian suspects she was kidnapped by Preminger, so he asks Erika to impersonate as the princess until he can rescue the real Anneliese. Erika agrees to the temporary ruse to help her friends, and surprises Preminger when she arrives to welcome King Dominick. Dominick and Erika fall in love, despite Erika\'s fear of being thrown into prison when revealed that she is an imposter. Anneliese manages to escape from Nick and Nack, but is turned away from the palace by a guard who believes "Anneliese" is in the palace with King Dominick and the Queen. Madam Carp mistakes Anneliese for Erika and locks the princess up in the Dress Emporium. Suspicious of Erika\'s impersonation, Preminger finds that Anneliese has escaped from the cabin where she was held captive. Julian, who had followed Preminger, is captured and imprisoned in a mine. When Preminger learns that Anneliese is at the Dress Emporium, he traps her in the gold mines with Julian. Upon returning to the castle, Preminger exposes Erika as a fraud and claims that she had conspired with Julian to kill and replace the real princess. Erika, unable to prove her good intentions,is locked away in a small cell by the queen. After convincing everyone that the princess is dead, Preminger persuades Queen Genevieve to marry him to save the kingdom, who agrees only because she cannot see any other option. Erika manages to escape from her cell and bumps into Dominick, who reveals that he doesn\'t believe that Preminger is telling the truth. Elsewhere, Anneliese and Julian confess their love for each other and work together to escape the mines. At the queen\'s wedding, Anneliese arrives in time to stop the marriage and reveals Preminger\'s deceit. When he tries to flee on horseback, his horse sends him flying into the wedding food and he is arrested. After confessing to her mother that she loves Julian and does not wish to marry King Dominick, Anneliese presents to the queen a solution to the kingdom\'s gold shortage: the rocks discarded by the miners actually hold amethysts and the mine is full of them. Dominick confesses to loving Erika for who she is and if she should choose to, he would be willing to marry her. Erika, freed from her debt to Madam Carp thanks to Anneliese, chooses not to accept marriage just yet and achieves her dream of being able to sing around the world. After several months, she realizes that the place she would really like to sing is among her friends. She returns and marries Dominick while Anneliese marries Julian in a double wedding, along with Wolfie and Serafina.'] ["New York City waitress Virginia Lewis and her father, Tony, follow a Golden Retriever named Prince through Central Park and enter a magical traveling mirror that sends them to a fairy tale world known as The Nine Kingdoms. The dog is actually a transformed Prince Wendell, grandson of the late Queen Snow White and future leader of the 4th Kingdom. However, Prince's wicked stepmother the Evil Queen has placed an imposter on the throne and plans to take over all of the Nine Kingdoms. At first, Tony and Virginia are desperate to get home, but must face many dangers. They are accompanied by Prince and a half-wolf  who has fallen in love with Virginia at first sight. The group is pursued by a relentless Huntsman who works for the Evil Queen and seeks to capture Prince. Virginia eventually meets the ghost of Snow White, who reveals she is destined to save the Nine Kingdoms. Tony also recognizes the Evil Queen as his long lost wife and Virginia’s mother. They travel to the castle to stop the Evil Queen, but Wolf seems to have betrayed Tony and Virginia. The Evil Queen has her imposter Prince Wendell crowned king and then tries to poison all the monarchs who attend the ceremony. Luckily, Wolf switches the poison for a sleeping potion and everyone escapes unharmed. Virginia must kill the Evil Queen in self-defense, which pains her greatly. The real Prince Wendell turns back into a human and takes the throne. Grateful to Tony for all his help, Prince Wendell offers him a job at the palace and Tony accepts. Virginia returns Wolf’s love and they travel to New York City as a couple and expectant parents."] [' Little Red Riding Hood is depicted as a typical 1940s teen-aged girl, a "bobby soxer" with an extremely loud and grating voice . After she sings the first verse of "Five O\'Clock Whistle" in the opening to establish this fact, Bugs pops out of her basket to ask where she\'s going. She replies that she\'s going to "bring a little bunny rabbit to my grandma\'s. Ta HAVE, see?" With this part of the story set up, the wolf is now introduced. The wolf switches a "Shortcut to Grandma\'s" sign, so that Red has to go through a long mountain path, while the wolf uses the real shortcut – a few short steps to the house. Seeing a note on the door that Grandma isn\'t home , the wolf sneaks inside and dresses like grandma – only to find that a bunch of other wolves are similarly dressed and waiting in the bed for Red! The wolf  growls for the others to "COME ON! COME ON! take a powder – this is MY racket!" and the other wolves leave muttering to themselves, and a small wolf leaves from under the pillow. Once in bed, the wolf waits for Red to come to the door. But in a twist the wolf isn\'t interested in eating Red, but rather the rabbit she brought with her. The wolf quickly shuffles Red out the door and tries looking for Bugs. Bugs, however, gets the better of the wolf and runs around the house, being \'chased\' by the wolf. Along the way, Bugs subjects the wolf to the famous lots-of-doors in-and-out routine . The wolf, however, is constantly interrupted by Red, who continues asking the questions from the story, such as "That\'s an awfully big nose for you – ta HAVE." Towards the end of the cartoon,the wolf finally corners bugs but Bugs imitates the wolf\'s every action even when the wolf keeps telling Bugs to stop. After eluding the wolf by distracting him into singing, "Put On Your Old Gray Bonnet ", Bugs manages to get a glowing coal from the fireplace and sends the wolf to the ceiling by scorching his backside. When the wolf comes down, Bugs has a large shovelful of coals waiting to scorch the wolf. However, the wolf manages to catch his feet on the ends of two benches just in time, doing the "splits", facing the camera. Instead of simply kicking one of the benches away, Bugs proceeds to dump heavy weights into the wolf\'s arms. After clearing out just about everything in the house , Bugs is about to apply the coup de grace on the wolf – by placing an olive branch on top of the mass of junk and furniture the wolf is holding – when Red comes back in, bellowing "Hey, GRANDMA!"  By this time, even Bugs has had enough of Red\'s interruptions, prompting him to say, "I\'ll do it, but I\'ll probably hate myself in the morning." He descends the ladder, out of frame, there\'s a shuffling of the furniture... and now RED is the one desperately trying to avoid getting scorched , while Bugs and the wolf, arms around each other\'s shoulders, share a carrot and self-satisfied looks, and await the inevitable.'] ["Teen-aged Hans Christian Andersen daydreams instead of studying for school. He runs away from home. Whenever he falls asleep, he dreams that he is in strange adventures with tailors, a tiny girl no bigger than a thumb, a mermaid, a devil boy in Eden, and others. In reality, as well as in his dreams, Hans is searching for the Garden of Paradise, which in reality, does not find. The dream sequences are puppet animation, complete with a puppet version of himself. These dreams become the basis for his fairy tale fictions, which he writes as an adult: The Little Mermaid, Thumbelina, The Ugly Duckling, The Emperor's New Clothes, and The Garden of Paradise."] ['In a castle, Cinderella\'s mice friends Gus and Jaq race to a chamber where the Fairy Godmother is reading the story of Cinderella to the other mice. Much to their disappointment, Gus and Jaq arrive just as the Fairy Godmother has finished the story. With the Fairy Godmother\'s help, the mice set off to make a new book to narrate what happens after the Happily Ever After, by stringing three segments of stories together into one narrative.  Cinderella is put in charge of the palace banquets and parties while the King and Prince Charming are away. However, the princess realizes she is dissatisfied with the way they are usually run, led by a sharp and snobbish woman named Prudence. With the help of his friends, Cinderella persuades everyone in the palace that everyone in the kingdom, including the commoners, should be allowed to participate in the next royal banquet and not everything has to agree with traditional ways. The mice add that story to the book as Jaq gets some magical help from the Fairy Godmother opening a bottle of ink. Proclaiming that he does not like "that magic stuff," Gus reminds him of his last encounter with it. Looking to impress Mary, a mouse who Jaq loves, Jaq allows the Fairy Godmother to tell his story.  One of Cinderella mouse friends, Jaq, thinks he is too small to help Cinderella in the palace like he did in the first movie. The Fairy Godmother shows up to help him out, and turns him into a human so he can help out like everyone else. However, this does not stop Pom Pom, the palace\'s snobby cat, who became the mice\'s new nemesis as soon as they moved to the palace along with Cinderella, from chasing Jaq around. He is named "Sir Hugh", after coughing while trying to tell Cinderella that he is now human. After an incident with an elephant at a fair, he learns to be happy for who he is. It is also made evident that Jaq is in love with another mouse named Mary and that Pom Pom belongs to the same woman who was terrified of Jaq. One of the mice inadvertently spills magic dust onto the art supplies, causing them to become animated. The supplies begin to almost destroy the nearly completed book until the Fairy Godmother puts a stop to it. As the mice survey the mess, they reminisce how they have seen worse and Jaq tells them of the time Anastasia fell in love.  Anastasia, Cinderella\'s stepsister, falls in love with a kind but common baker, which her mother Lady Tremaine and older sister Drizella are not too happy with. They still want her to marry a rich man, and convince her to forget about the baker and say that everything in the baker\'s shop is inferior; Anastasia ignores Tremaine\'s warning. Meanwhile, Lucifer starts chasing Cinderella\'s mice and Anastasia is kicked by a horse when she and the baker meet, and is mortified when she crashes into the baker\'s shop. However, Cinderella finds out about Anastasia\'s feelings and tries to push her and the baker together. During the process, Lucifer enters the palace and continues to chase Cinderella\'s mice, but during the chase, he falls in love with Pom Pom despite her disliking him. The mice help their old nemesis fall in love with Pom Pom, that is, if Lucifer promises to stop chasing mice. When Lucifer and Pom Pom get together, Pom Pom goads Lucifer into breaking his promise and helping her catch the mice. In the ensuing chase, the mice push a bucket of water on Pom Pom, and she leaves Lucifer out of spite. The baker, meanwhile, asks Anastasia to the upcoming ball, which her mother and Drizella disapprove of. Anastasia stays with the baker and falls in love. The mice finish their book. They sing a reprise of "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" as they chase after Cinderella in an attempt to give her the book. When they catch up with her she asks them what it is, Gus telling her is a book about them all. Cinderella thinks it is wonderful and asks if the mice would like to read it together, to which the mice give a resounding "Yes!". They gather in front of the fire and Cinderella begins to read.'] ['After Shrek  and Fiona  come back from their honeymoon, they find an invitation to a royal ball with Fiona\'s parents to celebrate their marriage, an event Shrek is reluctant to participate in. Fiona, Shrek and Donkey  travel to the kingdom of Far Far Away and meet Fiona\'s parents, King Harold and Queen Lillian , who are surprised by Fiona\'s choice of husband and her new appearance. Harold becomes repulsed and at a shared meal, as he and Shrek get into a heated argument over how Shrek and Fiona will raise their family. Fiona, disgusted at Shrek\'s and her father\'s behavior, locks herself in her room that evening, where she meets her Fairy Godmother , who is also surprised at Fiona\'s new looks. Shrek worries that he has lost his true love, particularly after finding the diary from her teenhood and reading that she was once infatuated with Prince Charming . King Harold is accosted by the Fairy Godmother and Charming, her son. He had arranged with the Fairy Godmother that her son would overcome many obstacles in order to rescue Fiona and break the spell, finding instead the Big Bad Wolf using the tallest tower as a hangout. They reprimand Harold for breaking an old promise that Charming would be able to marry Fiona and demand that he find a way to get rid of Shrek. After Shrek reads Fiona\'s diary and pages containing the single phrase "Mrs. Fiona Charming", Harold arranges for Shrek and Donkey to join him on a fictitious hunting trip, which really is a trap to lure the two into the hands of an assassin, Puss in Boots . When Fiona realizes that Shrek left, she asks her father for help, but he replies that he always wanted the best for her and that she should think about what is the best for her, too. Puss is unable to defeat Shrek and, revealing that he was paid by Harold, asks to come along as a way to make amends. Shrek decides to go to the Fairy Godmother for help. However, the Fairy Godmother states that ogres do not live "happily ever after" and refuses to assist. Nonetheless, the three sneak into the Fairy Godmother\'s potion factory and steal a "Happily Ever After" potion that Shrek believes will restore Fiona\'s love for him. Shrek and Donkey both drink the potion, which doesn\'t appear to work, but when it starts to rain, they leave, and in doing so they fail to notice that a mushroom that Shrek previously sneezed potion on changes into a beautiful rose. They wait out the storm in a barn and, while there, Shrek and Donkey become dizzy and fall over and into a deep sleep. When they awake, they discover the potion has taken effect: Shrek is now a handsome human, while Donkey has turned into a stallion. In order to make the change permanent, Shrek must kiss Fiona by midnight. He, Donkey, and Puss return to the castle to discover that the potion has also transformed Fiona back into her former, human self from the first movie. However, the Fairy Godmother, having learned of the potion\'s theft, sends Charming to the castle, where he poses as Shrek to win Fiona\'s love. Although Harold recognizes Charming for who he really is, he doesn\'t speak up. Shrek heartbroken lets Fiona go, believing she will be happier with Charming. A few hours later, Shrek hears that Fiona hasn\'t fallen for Charming, and that Harold has been given a love potion to put in Fiona\'s tea, which will cause her to fall in love with the first person she kisses. Harold, knowing that it is madness refuses, but the Fairy Godmother threatens to take away his \'Happily Ever After\', if he does not fulfill her wish. The trio overhear the exchange, and are noticed by the Fairy Godmother, who has them arrested by the royal guards and thrown into a dungeon. When the royal ball begins, several of Shrek\'s friends band together to free the trio  and create a gigantic gingerbread man , which breaks through the castle\'s defences so Shrek can stop the kiss, Mongo falls into the moat, losing his arms as a result. When Shrek arrives, Charming forcibly kisses Fiona, believing the potion has taken effect, Fiona knocks him out temporarily with a headbutt. When the Fairy Godmother confronts Harold, he reveals that he gave her the wrong tea, having realized her love for Shrek. The Fairy Godmother tries to kill Shrek, Harold commits self-sacrifice to save Shrek, his armour reflects and disintegrates the Fairy Godmother into a cloud of bubbles; it also returns Harold to his true form, that of the Frog Prince. Harold apologizes to Shrek and Fiona for everything he has done, and now realizes what is best for Fiona, giving his blessing. Shrek forgives him, and Lillian tells Harold that she still loves him no matter what. When it is midnight, Shrek tells Fiona that if they kiss now, then their change will be permanent. But Fiona says that she wants more than any other princess wants to live happily ever after with the ogre she married. The clock chimes as the potion\'s effects wear off, with Donkey changing back as well, much to his chagrin, he cheers up as Shrek reassures him he still is a noble steed to him, Puss and Donkey sing as the royal ball resumes celebrating the true loved newlyweds. After the credits roll Donkey is seen complaining about missing his dragon mate, suddenly she appears with six babies they call "Dronkeys" ".'] ['Shrek , a grouchy, cynical, terrifying greenogre that has always enjoyed living in peaceful solitude in his swamp, finds his life disrupted when thousands of various fairytale characters are exiled into his swamp by order of the obsessive, evil, fairy-tale hating Lord Farquaad . Shrek announces to the fairytale creatures that to see Farquaad to move them out of his swamp and back where they came from, Shrek brings along a talking Donkey . Meanwhile, Farquaad tortures the Gingerbread Man  into revealing the whereabouts of the remaining fairytale creatures until his guards rush in with an object Farquaad has been searching for: the Magic Mirror. The Mirror tells Farquaad that he can only become a real king by marrying a princess . The Mirror gives him three princesses to choose from : Cinderella, Snow White, and Princess Fiona . Farquaad chooses Fiona and silences the Mirror before he can mention "the little thing that happens at night" . Shrek and Donkey arrive at Farquaad\'s palace in Duloc, where they find themselves in the midst of a tournament. The winner will have the "privilege" of attempting to rescue Fiona from a castle surrounded by lava and protected by a fire-breathing dragon so that Farquaad may marry her. Shrek  easily beats the other knights in a fashion that resembles a wrestling match and Farquaad agrees to remove the fairytale creatures from the swamp if Shrek rescues Fiona. Shrek and Donkey travel to the castle and split up to find Fiona. Donkey encounters the dragon and sweet-talks the beast to save himself before discovering that the dragon is female. Dragon takes a liking to Donkey and carries him to her chambers. When Shrek finds Fiona, she is appalled at his lack of romanticism. As they are leaving, Shrek manages to save Donkey, caught in Dragon\'s tender clutches, and causing her to become irate, chasing Shrek, Fiona, and Donkey out of the castle. At first, Fiona is thrilled to be rescued but quickly becomes disappointed when Shrek takes his helmet off and she realises that he is an ogre. The three make their return journey to Farquaad\'s palace Fiona wants to camp out for the night real badly and decides to sleep in a cave while, Shrek and Donkey stay awake and watch the stars while Shrek tells stories about great ogres and informs Donkey that he plans to build a 10-foot wall around his swamp when he returns. When Donkey persistently asks Shrek why he is doing this, Shrek sadly confesses to him that everyone judges him before they know him; therefore, he feels he is better off alone, despite Donkey\'s admittance that he did not immediately judge him when they first met. The next day, Shrek and Fiona finding they have more in common with each other along the way, and falling in love. Later the trio were almost to Duloc and that night Fiona takes shelter in a nearby abandoned windmill. When Donkey hears strange noises coming from the windmill, he finds that Fiona has turned into an ogress. Fiona explains she was cursed as a child and turns into an ogress every night, which is why she was locked away in the castle, and that only a kiss from her true love will return her to her "love\'s true form". Shrek, about to confess his feelings for Fiona and to give her a sunflower, overhears part of their conversation, and is heartbroken as he misinterprets her disgust at her transformation into an "ugly beast" as being disgusted with him. Fiona makes Donkey promise not to tell Shrek about the spell, vowing to do it herself, but when the next morning comes, Shrek has brought Lord Farquaad to Fiona. The two return to the castle, while a hurt Shrek returns to the now-vacated swamp, not long after breaking off his friendship with Donkey, out of anger. Shrek finds that, despite his privacy, he is miserable and misses Fiona. Furious at Shrek for what he did, Donkey comes to the swamp where Shrek reveals that he overheard Donkey and Fiona\'s conversation. Donkey keeps his promise to Fiona and tells Shrek that she was talking about someone else. He then tells him that Fiona will be getting married shortly, urging Shrek into action to gain Fiona\'s true love. They are able to travel to Duloc quickly, thanks to Dragon, who had escaped her confines and followed Donkey. Shrek interrupts the wedding before Farquaad can kiss Fiona, and tells Fiona that Farquaad isn\'t his true love, but only marring him to be king. The sun sets, which causes Fiona to turn into an ogress in front of everyone in the church, causes Shrek to fully understand what he overheard at the windmill, Farquaad, disgusted over the change, orders Shrek killed and Fiona imprisoned, but Shrek whistles for Dragon, who bursts in, along with Donkey, and devours Farquaad. Shrek and Fiona admit their love for each other and share a kiss; Fiona is bathed in light as her curse is broken, but is surprised to find that she has remained an ogress, as she thought she was supposed to become beautiful, to which Shrek replies that she is beautiful. The two of them get married in the swamp and depart on their honeymoon while the rest celebrate by singing "I\'m a Believer".'] ["Once upon a time, there lived a king. The king was not able to produce any heir to the throne through his three wives. The king was depressed and spent large amount of time by himself in the forest. A priest in the forest saw the king’s misery and gave him mangoes of bearing. The priest instructed the king to feed the fruits to his wives and then they would conceive children. The king gave his three wives the fruits as instructed by the priest. Two elder queens did not produce any children, as they ate it with disbelief. However, the younger queen gave birth to octuplets: seven boys and one girl, when the king was on a voyage. The elder queens became jealous and buried the babies in the garden before the younger queen gained consciousness from pregnancy. The babies magically blossom into seven champak flowers and a trumpet flower. The last baby, the girl, was born some time after first seven babies in a time when the elder queens left the room with seven babies and this enabled the maid to hide the baby from the elder queens and named the child Champa. Elder queens, then, placed seven puppies on the younger queen's bedside and claimed the queen gave birth to seven puppies. Champa grew up in the forest. After learning her origin from her maid, she helped to revive her brothers into princes. Another variant of the story has it that seven babies turned into seven puppies."] ['The huge kingdom of Takicardia is ruled by a king under the unwieldy title of Charles V + III  XVI. He’s a heartless ruler, hated by his people as much as he hates them. The king is fond of hunting, but is unfortunately cross-eyed – not that anyone would dare acknowledge this in front of him, as the numerous statues and paintings that adorn the palace and the land show. Occasionally the king does hit his target though, notably the wife of the bird, known only as "l\'Oiseau", the narrator of the story who takes pleasure in taunting the terrible king at every opportunity. In his secret apartment, the king dreams of the beautiful shepherdess whose painting he keeps on his wall, but the shepherdess is in love with the chimney sweep whose hated portrait is on the opposite wall. At night the paintings come to life and attempt to escape from the palace, but are pursued by a non-cross-eyed painting of the king that also has come to life, deposed the real king and has taken his place. He orders the capture of the shepherdess and the sweep, but the bird is there to help when called upon. They are pursued to the depths of the Lower City where the inhabitants have never seen the light of the sun and strange creatures including bat-police take up their chase.   {{see}} Only the early scene in the secret apartment is based on The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweep, while the rest of the movie focuses much more on the king and the bird, hence the ultimate title. In Andersen\'s tale, the shepherdess and the chimney sweep are china figurines, rather than paintings, and a wooden  satyr wishes to wed the shepherdess, supported by a Chinaman, rather than a king and a classical statue. In both tales, the Chinaman/statue breaks, and the duo escape up the chimney, and delight in celestial bodies, but in Andersen\'s tale the shepherdess is afraid of the wide world and the duo return; this is echoed in the movie where the statue predicts that they will return.'] ["The plot involves an antagonist, Mrs. D'Abondo, who wants the forest in which characters such as Furi and Oak the Tree live to be cut down to make way for a highway."] ['One day the Buz-e-Chini leaves and advises her kids Algag, Bulgag and Chulgag not open the door for anyone. After the Buz-e Chini leaves the cunning wolf comes to the kids and ask them to open the door. First they do not open the door but after sometime the wolf makes them open it. The wolf takes away two of the kids while the third one hides in the mud-oven. Buz-e-Chini sees that her kids are gone and hears the story from the kid who hid in the mud-oven. Then Buz-e-Chini challenges the wolf for a fight one on one and wins. The wolf returns her kids and she lives happily ever after in the valley of Bamyan beside the Buddhas.'] [" Ariel and Eric celebrate the birth of their newborn daughter Melody on a ship at sea. Ariel's father King Triton presents Melody with a magic locket. The party is interrupted by Morgana, sister of the deceased Ursula, who threatens to cause Melody harm, using her as leverage to get Triton's trident. Ariel and Eric work together to foil Morgana's plan. Fearing Morgana and remembering Ursula, Ariel decides to withhold all knowledge of the sea world from Melody. The locket is tossed into the ocean, and a massive wall is built to separate the royal castle from the sea. Twelve years later, Melody remains unaware of her mother’s mermaid heritage and is forbidden from ever going into the sea. However, she has been sneaking out the castle regularly to swim and one day finds her locket. Seeing her name on the locket, Melody confronts her mother and, frustrated with her mother's refusal to answer her questions, Melody takes a boat and sails away from home. Her parents soon learn that she is gone, and Triton uses his magic to transform Ariel back into a mermaid to search for Melody. Melody is lured to Morgana’s lair by her manta rays, Cloak and Dagger, and Undertow, and Morgana uses the remains of Ursula's magic to temporarily transform Melody into a mermaid. Morgana says that the transformation will be permanent if Melody can get hold of the trident, which she claims was stolen by Triton. With the help of Tip the penguin and Dash the walrus, Melody successfully returns to Morgana with the trident. Ariel tries to stop Melody, but before she can explain that Morgana is evil, Melody gives the trident to Morgana. With the trident in her grip, Morgana reveals her true intentions and grabs Ariel with her tentacle and holds her hostage. Morgana uses the trident's magic to lord over the ocean, rising to the surface to gloat. Scuttle, Triton, Sebastian, and Eric arrive, and a battle ensues against Morgana and her minions. Melody manages to grab the trident and throw it back to Triton by climbing up the cliff on which Morgana is standing and sneaking up on her. Triton uses his trident to encase Morgana in a block of ice, which sinks underwater. Melody reunites with her family, and Triton offers his granddaughter the option of becoming a mermaid permanently. Instead, she uses the trident to disintegrate the wall separating her home from the sea, reuniting the humans and the merpeople."] ["The story opens with Barbie and kindergarten students walking in a big meadow, ready to plant trees. Emma, one of the children, finds a small tree and decides to plant it, but her friends laugh at her because of it, making her sad. However, Barbie cheers her up by telling her that a small tree can grow into a very big tree. Then Barbie tells the children about Thumbelina. Thumbelina is one of the Twillerbees. Twillerbees have the ability to make plants grow faster . Thumbelina is excited when there will be Twillerbabies. She creates fake wings for herself and for her two friends, Janessa and Chrysella. They will use the wings to see the Twillerbuds bloom to be Twillerbabies. When they try the wings, suddenly many tractors come to their field. Hiding in the flowers, the trio are trapped. They are brought into an apartment they never knew before. The apartment belongs to the parents of a spoiled, wealthy girl, named Makena. The flower bed is placed in Makena's bedroom. As Thumbelina, Chrysella, and Janessa search for a way to go back to their field, Makena's dog Poofles run after them. Makena comes into the bedroom while the trio hides. Makena talks to her friend Violet from a cellular phone about her parents who will build a factory on the Twillerbees field. An upset Thumbelina scolds Makena, who is surprised, yet happy to find an interesting thing to be demonstrated to Violet. She always competes against Violet. The three Twillerbees try to escape from Makena and Poofles. Finally, Thumbelina sends Chrysella and Janessa home. They will disturb the work in the field while Thumbelina will talk to Makena. Thumbelina makes Makena promise not to tell anyone about her and Makena must persuade her parents to stop building the factory. Thumbelina will make special things for Makena in return. At first, Makena does not talk seriously to her parents about it. She even wants to break her promise to Thumbelina when she invites Violet and Ashlynn. She wants them to see the thing everyone in the universe cannot have which is Thumbelina. Thumbelina becomes angry at Makena and leaves the apartment, just before Makena realizes that Violet and Ashlyn are not her true friends, Thumbelina is her true friend. Makena goes to the field and asks for Thumbelina's forgiveness. She also wants to save the field desperately and earnestly. Thumbelina, forgiving her, shows Makena the other Twillerbees and the Twillerbuds. That night, Makena, Thumbelina, Janessa, Chrysella, Poofles, and Lola the bird works hard in the green house to grow the plants. The next day, Makena asks her parents to stop the building, and Thumbelina shows herself. Thumbelina explains to them about the Twillerbuds that will bloom soon. Evan and Vanessa, Makena's parents, are convinced and try to stop Myron, the contractor, from destroying the field. With the help of birds and other Twillerbees, Myron's workers run away, thinking that the field is haunted, But Myron is angry and determined to finish his work as he hates flowers. Ultimately, Makena and Thumbelina arrive and they stop Myron. Immediately, Evan and Vanessa arrive at the field to have the factory project shut down. A team of birds chase Myron away, and Makena and her family see the Twillerbuds bloom. To prevent others from building factories in the field, they turn the field into a Reserved Park. In the end of the story, it shows that Barbie and the children are in Makena's Reserved Park. Barbie says that even the smallest person can make a big difference. Makena is small, compared to the adults. And so are the children. The strange thing in the story is that Thumbelina, Janessa, and Chrysella who are in the story, suddenly appear, sitting in the tree. Barbie waves her hand at them. The trio then use their Twillerbee magic to make Emma's tree grow, meaning the story was true after all."] ["A long time ago, the people of Baghdad lived happily under the rule of Caliph Oman III, greatest and kindest of any Caliph. Even at the time of his niece Princess Zeila's upcoming thirteenth birthday, the people were happier still. However, the tyrant Sheikh Jafar, and his shadow of a magician, Burk, have other plans, in order to take over Oman's kingdom. After a lovely performance by Princess Zeila and her snake charmer friend Amin, a messenger attempts to give a proclamation, written by Oman's information minister, Tonko, to the princes from the three cities across the river. However, before the messenger could get any further, Burk turns him into stone. Later, after Amin charms a few snakes, his Magpie, Calina, attempts to steal one of Amin's bells after breaking her promise while working on a tambourine. He not only attended Princess Zeila's next performance at the palace; he applied the music for it. After the performance, Jafar, who also attended, attempts to propose to Zeila, but Caliph Oman's ministers, Tonko, Zirko, and Zizibe, think otherwise, even Amin, who later overhears that Burk has put an infatuation spell on Jafar's ring, making anyone who wears it fall in love with him. Later that night, Amin and Calina try to keep hidden from sight at Jafar's palace, stealing the magic ring. Jafar had informed Burk of the magpie's thievery, and Burk announces his plan to his master. Back at Oman's palace, Amin tells the ministers that he will bring the ring to them, and that they would give the ring to the ugliest woman they could find. The following morning, Zeila was at the palace singing. Amin tries to warn Zeila about Jafar's plan, that is, until Burk kidnaps him. A trial is held in favor of Amin's absence, and his mother is heartbroken. Calina, restless that Amin has not returned, sets out to find him. After Burk takes the ring away from Amin, Calina arrives and attempts to take the ring back. However, Burk throws Calina at a wall and fatally wounds her. The ministers attempt to find Amin's trail, but take a break at a crystal stream and drink the water there. However, Burk places a spell on the water, turning the old ministers into babies. The woman who gathers water there cradles them, singing a lullaby to them. Vowing not to let Calina die in vein, Amin tears off part of a sleeping Burk's cloak, trying his best not to wake him up, and flies out of the palace. The magician wakes up and is informed about his cloak, and takes off after Amin. The two engage in an air duel, and after Burk takes the torn part of his cloak back, Amin falls into a stream. Burk attempts to find Amin, but with no luck. Amin comes out of the river, only to find that Zeila had become infatuated with Jafar and is wearing the magic ring. Heartbroken, he calls to his old beggar friend Fatima, who gives him Aladdin's lamp as a parting gift. Amin rubs the lamp, and a genie comes out. Amin wishes to see his mother, but first, the genie takes them both to Jafar's palace to face Burk one last time. With Burk defeated, the messenger has returned to life, the magic ring disintegrated, and the ministers are old men again. The genie has also resurrected Calina, making Amin happy. Back at Oman's palace, Zeila admits that she loves Amin to Jafar, who is about to have his guard take Zeila as prisoner. Amin arrives in time to save Zeila, and, with a little help from the genie, he uses his snake charmer's flute to lure Jafar and his guard to dance into the river. With Zeila and Amin together again, peace is restored in Baghdad. The city rejoiced upon celebrating the marriage of Princess Zeila and Amin. As the narrator of the story puts it, love triumphed over hate, right over wrong, and good over evil."] ['The nature-talent fairies are bringing to the mainland the season of leaves, hibernation, chilly breezes, and pumpkins: autumn. Meanwhile, Tinker Bell and dust-talent fairies like Terence  are staying in Pixie Hollow. Tinker Bell is trying to make a "Pixie Express". But it fails just as she is called to meet Queen Clarion , Fairy Mary , and Redleaf, the Minister of Autumn . They show her a mystical moonstone and explain to her its tremendous powers. Every eight years, there is a blue harvest moon in Pixie Hollow. When the light of this rare blue moon passes through the moonstone, it creates blue-colored pixie dust to strengthen and rejuvenate the pixie dust tree. The Autumn Revelry is the associated event during which the fairies gather to collect the dust. A new scepter is to be made to raise the moonstone, and Tinker Bell has been recommended. Although Tinker Bell has made mistakes in the past, Fairy Mary explains that tinker fairies learn from them, most of the time. Tinker Bell accepts the task, as well as help from Terence. But as the work on the scepter progresses, Tinker Bell begins to have trouble with Terence, who is trying too hard to be helpful. An accident occurs, causing the scepter and the stone to break. Tinker Bell sets out on in a balloon she\'s created to find a magic mirror, which, according to legend, granted two of three wishes before becoming lost. Tinker Bell intends to use the third and last wish to restore the shattered moonstone to its original form. Along the way, she meets Blaze, a brave firefly. Tinker Bell finally discovers the mirror, but she accidentally wastes the third wish. She is found by Terence, who has been following her after discovering her plans and the fragments of the moonstone in her empty house. Tinker Bell and Terence start back to Pixie Hollow. Along the way, Tinker Bell fixes the scepter using a white gem from the top of the mirror, the scepter pieces Terence has wisely brought, and the moonstone pieces, all set at just the right angle. She discovers the magic of true friendship, humility, and love. Thanks to inspired teamwork with Terence, she is ready to give the scepter to Queen Clarion. When she unveils the scepter, the assembled fairies are all shocked and alarmed to see the fragments of the precious moonstone. However, the broken moonstone shards create an unexpected benefit: they drastically magnified and increased the surface area through which the rays of the blue moon could pass, creating the largest supply of blue-colored pixie dust ever seen in Pixie Hollow.'] ['Little Red Riding Hood discovers that the Big Bad Wolf has disguised himself as Granny, just as the ax-wielding woodsman bursts through the window, startling everyone. The police quickly arrive, and Red, Wolf, Granny, and the Woodsman are questioned by detective Nicky Flippers about the events leading up the incident. Red explains that she was delivering goodies for her grandmother when she discovered a threat from the mysterious Goodie Bandit. Hoping to save her Granny’s recipes, she embarked upon a journey to take them to the top of a nearby mountain where her Granny lives. On her way, she encountered the Wolf, who asked her a series of suspicious questions. She managed to escape, and eventually reached her Granny’s house; however she found the Wolf already waiting in ambush. What at first seems to be an open-and-shut case becomes confused though, once it is learned that the Wolf is an investigative reporter. He reveals that he was searching for a lead on the identity of the Goodie Bandit, and had reason to believe that Granny and Red were the culprits. Locating Red, he questioned her, hoping to get to the bottom of the mystery. When Red escaped, he headed for her Granny’s house and arriving first, went undercover, hoping to trick her into giving him the evidence he needed. When questioned, the Woodsman reveals that he is in fact an aspiring actor who was only trying out for the part of a woodsman in a commercial. After his schnitzel truck was robbed by the Goodie Bandit, he went out into the woods to get in character for his role, and spent the rest of the day felling trees. An especially large tree rolled after him, and pushed him through the window of Granny’s home. The investigation then turns to Granny, who reveals that, unbeknownst to her family, she is an extreme sports enthusiast. During a ski race earlier that day, she was attacked by the opposing team, but got away safely after learning that they were hired by the Goodie Bandit. Despondent over her Granny’s lack of honesty, Red wanders off alone. Meanwhile, Nicky Flippers realizes that the one commonality between all four stories was a bunny named Boingo, and concludes that he is the Goodie Bandit. However, Boingo has already snuck into the home and stolen Granny’s recipes. Red sees Boingo and follows him to his hideout at a cable car station, but the police pursue him in the wrong direction. Granny, the Wolf, and the Woodsman manage to locate Boingo as he is explaining his evil scheme to Red. Boingo plans to add an addictive substance to the stolen recipes, and then explode the forest, making way for new real estate for expanding his business. The Wolf and the Woodsman go undercover to distract Boingo as Granny sneaks into his lair, but open conflict ensues. Boingo sends a bound and gagged Red down the mountain in a cable car loaded with explosives, and Granny goes after her, with Boingo and his henchmen in pursuit. Red manages to free herself, and escapes with Granny, while the police, who have been located by the Wolf’s assistant Twitchy, are waiting at the bottom of the mountain to arrest Boingo and his henchmen. Some time later, the Woodsman finds success as part of a yodeling troupe, and Red, Granny, the Wolf, and Twitchy are enlisted by Nicky Flippers to join a crime solving organization called Happily Ever After Agency.'] ['The film is an enactment of the following story read by the grandfather  of a sick boy  as the boy sits in bed listening, framed and occasionally interrupted by scenes of the reading. A young woman named Buttercup  lives on a farm in the fictional country of Florin. Whenever she gives her farmhand Westley  an order, he answers "as you wish," and happily complies. Eventually she realizes he loves her and admits her love for him. Westley leaves to seek his fortune so they can marry, but his ship is attacked by the Dread Pirate Roberts, who has a reputation for never leaving anyone alive. Five years later, believing Westley dead, Buttercup reluctantly agrees to marry Prince Humperdinck , heir to the throne of Florin. Before the wedding, she is kidnapped by three outlaws: an extremely short Sicilian boss named Vizzini , a Turkish giant that Vizzini discovered in Greenland named Fezzik , and a Spanish master fencer named Inigo Montoya , who seeks revenge against the six-fingered man who killed his father. The outlaws are pursued by Prince Humperdinck with a complement of soldiers, and also by a masked man in black. The man in black catches up to the outlaws at the top of the Cliffs of Insanity, where he first defeats Inigo in a duel before knocking him unconscious. He then defeats Fezzik in hand-to-hand combat by choking him from behind until he blacks out. Finally, he defeats Vizzini in a battle of the wits by tricking him into drinking from a poisoned chalice, and so captures Buttercup. When he tells her he is Roberts, she becomes enraged at him for killing Westley and shoves him into a gorge after telling him that he should die too, but she realizes he is Westley himself when he replies "As you wish!" She dives into the gorge after him, and they flee through the dangerous Fire Swamp where they navigate past the R.O.U.S., fire spouts, and lightning sand. When they are captured on the other side by Humperdinck and his sadistic six-fingered vizier Count Rugen , Buttercup agrees to return with Humperdinck in exchange for Westley\'s release, but Humperdinck secretly has Rugen imprison and torture Westley. When Buttercup expresses unhappiness at marrying Humperdinck, he promises to search for Westley, but his real plan is to start a war with the neighboring country of Guilder by killing Buttercup and framing them for her death. After Buttercup realises that Humperdinck has no intention of finding Westley, she taunts his cowardice and feelings of inferiority towards his romantic rival. Enraged, Humperdinck tortures Westley to his apparent death. Meanwhile, Inigo and Fezzik meet when Humperdinck orders a gang of goons to arrest the thieves in a nearby forest, and Fezzik informs Inigo of Rugen\'s existence. Inigo decides that they need the man in black\'s help to get into the castle, and when he hears cries of anguish  he decides that they must be from the man in black and follows them. Inigo and Fezzik arrive in Rugen\'s torture chamber to find Westley dead, but bring him to a miracle man named Miracle Max  who explains that Westley is "only mostly dead," reviving him to a state of heavy paralysis. Westley, Inigo, and Fezzik invade the castle, prompting Humperdinck to order a drastically-abridged version of the wedding ceremony, rushing Buttercup to her chambers. Inigo finds and duels with Rugen, and despite incurring heavy blood loss from a stab wound in the opening moments of the battle, he is able to maintain his focus by repeatedly reciting his long-rehearsed greeting of vengeance  and eventually manages to slay his nemesis. Westley finds Buttercup, who is about to commit suicide, and assures her that her marriage is invalid because she never said "I do." When confronted by Humperdinck, Westley bluffs his way out of a duel  and manages to have Humperdinck tied to a chair, left to contemplate his cowardice. Triumphant, he then rides away with Buttercup, Inigo, and Fezzik on four white horses that Fezzik conveniently discovers. The story ends with Westley and Buttercup sharing a very passionate kiss. The grandfather then closes the book and prepares to leave, but the boy asks him to read the story again the next day. The grandfather smiles and replies, "As you wish."'] 