['Paul is a High School football hero, the quarter back, named "best looking," and the Valedictorian. Paul however, since Kindergarten, has felt that something is sexually wrong with him. Although Paul dates girls in High School, upon going to the University of California, Berkeley, he begins to think he might be a transgender woman. He dates both men and women and in his late 20s, he finally transitions into a female, through gender reassignment surgery, and becomes Kimberly Reed, a lesbian. Paul\'s younger brother Todd also announces something about his sexuality. Kimberly Reed becomes a film maker and returns home to Montana for her high school reunion and to reconcile her relationship with her adopted brother Marc. She discovers many revelations on her journey including Marc\'s shocking blood relationship as the secret grandson of Orson Welles and Rita Hayworth. In the movie, the intense sibling rivalry and unforeseeable twists of plot and gender forces them to face serious challenges. Kimberly Reed appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show "Transgender Transition," on February 11, 2010, to discuss her life and movie, along with her mother.  Marc McKerrow\'s biological mother, Rebecca Welles , secretly gave birth to a son on March 31, 1966, when she was 21. Orson Welles never knew about his grandson. Rita Hayworth also probably did not know about this boy. When Marc was 21, he was in a car accident that resulted in a serious, traumatic brain injury. This injury lead him to be mentally incapacitated, and require medical treatment to control violent outbursts. Rebecca Welles died at the age of 59 in 2004. It was only after Rebecca\'s death that 38-year-old Marc discovered his true lineage. Marc McKerrow died suddenly in his sleep on June 18, 2010, only four months after his sibling\'s appearance on "Oprah." His death was "...caused by complications from a nocturnal seizure" related to his car accident.http://helenair.com/news/local/obituaries/article_b2081642-7e92-11df-81a9-001cc4c03286.html'] ['51 Birch Street is the first-person account of a family\'s unpredictable journey through dramatic life-changing events. Having observed most of his parents\' 54-year marriage, Doug Block believed it to be quite a good one. A few months after his mother\'s sudden death from pneumonia, Doug Block\'s 83-year old father, Mike, calls him to announce that he’s moving to Florida to live with "Kitty", his secretary from 40 years before. Always close to his mother and equally distant from his father, Doug and his two older sisters were shocked and suspicious. How long had Kitty been an intimate part of their father’s life, they wondered. When Mike and Kitty marry and sell the longtime family home, Doug returns to suburban Long Island with camera in hand for one last visit. Among the lifetime of memories being packed away forever, Doug discovers three large boxes filled with his mother\'s daily diaries going back 35 years, in which she recorded her unhappiness, her rage against her husband, her sexual fantasies about her therapist, a brief affair with an unnamed friend of her husband — and her suspicions about Kitty. The marriage, Mike told Doug on film, "was not loving, it was a functioning association". Realizing he has only a few short weeks before the movers come and his father will be gone for good, Doug is determined to explore the mystery of his parents\' marriage. Through conversations with family members and friends, and surprising diary revelations, Doug finally comes to peace with his parents who are more complex and troubled than he ever imagined. However, unlike other notable documentaries on family from the years around 2000, such as Capturing the Friedmans and Tarnation, 51 Birch Street doesn\'t reveal terrible secrets or extreme dysfunction of an ordinary family. Instead, the documentary explores more subtle forms of repression, secrecy and denial within a family, and confirms the complexity of marriage. {{cquote}}'] ['The film explores the lives and relationships of five couples married for fifty years or longer. The couples discuss the issues that inform every long-term relationship. They recount stories of their shared journeys, from living room jazz jam sessions, to the Gay Pride parade in New York, to the backwoods of Northern California.'] ['The investigation into Arnold Friedman\'s life started after a federal sting operation when he received a magazine of child pornography from the Netherlands by mail. In searching his Great Neck, New York home, investigators found a collection of child pornography. After learning that Friedman taught children computer classes from his home, local police began to suspect him of abusing his students. In police interviews, some of the children Friedman taught stated Friedman played bizarre sex games with them during their computer classes. Jarecki interviewed some of these children himself; some stated that they had been in the room with other children alleging abuse, and that nothing had happened. The film portrayed police investigative procedures as the genesis of a "witch-hunt" in the Friedmans\' community. The Friedmans took home-videos while Arnold Friedman  awaited trial. They were allowed to stay at home in order to prepare for court. The pictures were not made with publishing in mind, but as a way to record what was happening in their lives. The movie shows much of this footage; family dinners, conversations and arguments. Arnold\'s wife quickly decided that her husband was indeed guilty, and advised him to confess and protect their son. Arnold Friedman pleaded guilty to multiple charges of sodomy and sexual abuse. According to the Friedman family, he confessed in the hopes that his son would be spared prison time. Jesse Friedman later confessed as well, but now claims he did so to avoid being sent to prison for life. He said in mitigation that his father had molested him. Arnold Friedman admitted to molesting two boys, but not those who attended his computer classes. He is also quoted as admitting that, when he was 13, he had sex with his younger brother, Howard, who was eight years old at the time of the abuse; Howard Friedman has said he does not recall this. In addition, Peter Panaro, the lawyer for Jesse Friedman, stated that Jesse had admitted to him that he was sexually assaulted by his father as a child and that "not everything he had said about \'nothing had happened\' was true." Jesse denies telling Panaro this, and states that Panaro told him to plead guilty and blame his father. Although not included in the film, in a 1989 interview with Geraldo Rivera in prison, Jesse said he was sexually abused by his father and apparently confesses to abusing children himself.{{cite episode}} {{Dead link}}'] ["The documentary takes an in-depth at the Tom Family which mostly consists of children that were rejected by their birth families due to mental or physical disabilities. The film is broken up into seasons starting out with family taking part in Halloween in the fall and ending in the Summer of the upcoming year. The family's unconventional home-life becomes a foundation for the supports, challenges, and successes that they face daily."] ['The film opens with an evil scientist creating his clones and chanting the words "S Club, S Club, S Club" and as he says this he is joined by fans awaiting the group as they arrive in Barcelona, Spain for their last show of their tour. After spending the day promoting and performing, the band gets excited about having some time off. Their manager, Alistair shoots down their joy informing them that they will be leaving for LA at seven in the morning the next day. At the hotel, S Club ignores Alistair and after they get into their room, Alistair is attacked by the scientist\'s assistant. The next morning, the band awakens to find Alistair gone and he left them with the bill. Instead of using a credit card that Rachel finds to pay the bill, they use it on pampering themselves and end up in jail for impersonating S Club and trying to run out on the hotel bill. In jail, they learn that the warden likes to dance and to escape, they sing "Don\'t Stop Movin\'" and get to their friend Natalie. She helps them get to LA, so that they can stop whoever is impersonating them. In LA, the band tries but fails to get close to the band, so they decide to switch out their Hannah, Rachel, and Jon for the copy\'s Hannah, Rachel, and Jon. While getting the clone\'s to tell them that they are copies, they figure out they are clones and decide to do something about it after tracking their creator down based on his recent online purchases of S Club memorabilia, only for them to get caught. Both sets of S Club are taken back to Barcelona, where the scientist tells them that he is going to take over the world through music because celebreties attract more attention than politicians . The clones save the band and then both groups have to save all of the clones he has created, including a Michael Jackson clone. Both S Club\'s sing "Who Do You Think You Are?" and the original group is able to stop the place from self-destructing. At the end, S Club are seen at the beach and the clones are taking their place. They have decided that the clones will take their place when they want a holiday, and the same vice versa.'] ['The film focuses on the descendants of the DeWolf family, a prominent slave trading family from Rhode Island. The film follows them as they retrace the triangle trade starting at Linden Place in Bristol, Rhode Island, the hometown of the DeWolfs, where the family was prominent in the Bristol Fourth of July Parade, local Episcopal Church and other local institutions. The film then goes to Ghana where the slaves were purchased and then to Cuba where the DeWolfs owned a large plantation. The film competed in the Documentary Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.<ref namehttp://www.sundance.org/festival/press_industry/releases/pdf/2008_SFF_Announces_Films_In_Competition.pdf |title2007-11-28|accessdatePDF}}'] ["The film is a documentary look at the director's family at home in the Cévennes, particularly his aunt Suzette."] ['From the official website: :What do you get when you fall in love? "Inlaws & Outlaws" cleverly weaves together the true stories of couples and singles— both gay and straight — and all into a collective narrative that is as hilarious as it is heartbreaking. :At the top of the film, you meet real people one on one. You don’t know who’s gay or straight or who’s with whom. As their stories unfold and stereotypes fall by the wayside, you won’t care because you’ll be rooting for everybody. With candor, good humor, great music and real heart, Inlaws & Outlaws gets past all the rhetoric to embrace what we have in common: We love.http://www.inlawsandoutlawsfilm.com/about/the_pitch.php'] ['The film is structured around a roadtrip,{{Cite news}} during which the creators introduce five young Americans confronting issues relating to bisexuality.{{Cite news}} Former cheerleader Pam, from Memphis, Tennessee, navigates between the tolerance and sexual openness of her friendship group and the conservatism of her southern Catholic family. Black hip-hop dancer Tahj, enjoying little success with girls, forms a relationship with a man he meets on MySpace and must weigh the rejection of his community against his newfound love.{{Cite news}} 28-year-old Taryn is contemplating marriage to her boyfriend but also embarks on a new romance with a woman, testing the limits of monogamy and the boundaries of gender roles. David, 24, defies the expectations of his parents and ex-girlfriends to assert his bisexuality, while seeking to reconcile his traditional values with his open-minded views. And in San Antonio, Texas, Josh, 11, fears his gay father will reject him if he pursues his growing interest in girls. The film interlaces these stories with commentary from evolutionary biologists, psychologists, and anthropologists to discuss themes of sexual ambiguity.'] 