["Littlefoot and his friends are constantly being bullied and browbeaten by three teenage dinosaurs: Hyp, a Hypsilophodon; Nod, a Nodosaurus; and Mutt, a Muttaburrasaurus. However, when a shower of flying rocks impacts near the Great Valley and causes a rock slide in the Mysterious Beyond, which blocks the water supply of the Great Valley, Hyp, Nod, and Mutt are no longer the biggest worry of Littlefoot and his friends. The increasing lack of water causes conflicts between the inhabitants of the Great Valley, who have lived in relative peace and harmony until this event. When the interspecies situation becomes worse and worse, Littlefoot and the others set out to find water, whereby to keep the peace in the Great Valley. They are pursued by Hyp and his cohorts. When Littlefoot and the others find a small lake, the teenagers emerge and claim the waterhole for themselves, demanding that Littlefoot and the others keep silent about their discovery. Unwilling to comply, Littlefoot and the others flee from the bullies and during the following pursuit, the bullies are then chased away by a wasp after Mutt accidentally called it a dummy, and the kids discover the reason for the blockage of the Great Valley’s water source. Before they can return and tell the other Valley inhabitants the truth, the storm approaches, a lightning strike on a tree, ignites a wildfire that spreads rapidly through the dried Valley. The dinosaurs barely make it to safety at the edge of the Mysterious Beyond while the fire ravages their home. When the protagonists tell the other dinosaurs of their discovery of the water's being blocked in the Mysterious Beyond by the rock slide, disunity about what to do prevents the adult dinosaurs from doing anything to utilize this knowledge. Hyp, Mutt, and Nod set out into the Mysterious Beyond on their own to get to the water first. Anticipating the danger to which Hyp and his cohorts have exposed themselves, and recognizing commonality with them, Littlefoot and the others follow them, in order to help if necessary. It becomes necessary when a pool of water Hyp enters turns out to be a dangerous tar pit. Littlefoot and the others pull him out of the tar by combined effort. Soon afterwards, the adult dinosaurs appear in search of their offspring and are united by the understanding that it was the unity of their children that helped them to find water. It is implied during the discussion thereof that Hyp's own experience of harsh treatment by his father is the cause of his harshness toward others after he bullies Littlefoot and the others and leads the argument of Cera's father and Littlefoot's grandfather with Cera's dad calling Littlefoot a bad influence enraging Grandpa which he causes, and implied later that being treated kindly improves the temperaments of Hyp and his sidekicks. Before they are able to take further steps, the herd is attacked by a pack of four small Sharpteeth. The following pursuit leads to the bed of the now dry river that flows through the Great Valley and exactly to the spot where a dam of boulders created by the rockslide has blocked the river. During the following encounter between the sharpteeth and the herbivorous dinosaurs, the unity of the children &mdash; a group which now includes Hyp and his cronies &mdash; proves elemental. Cera's father, Littlefoot's grandfather, and later Hyp's father keep the sharpteeth occupied while Cera and the now placid teenagers succeed in breaking the dam. They all watch as the freed water washes away the sharpteeth . The herbivores return to the Valley, which now has enough water for them, although the fire has destroyed most of the plants on which they feed. Working together, the dinosaurs survive the time until the plants start to grow again by feeding on the last remains of the plants, moving from one verdant area to another and sharing everything they find; a behavior which gives this time its name “The Time of the Great Giving”."] ['Set in the 1910s, the story opens with a Grand Prix race, in which one of the cars swerves to avoid a dog, loses control, crashes, and catches fire, bringing its racing career to an end. The car ends up in an old garage, where two children, Jeremy and Jemima Potts, have grown fond of it, but are told by a junkman that he intends to buy the car for scrap; to crush it then melt it down to a liquid and have the metal to sell. The two children, who live with their widowed father Caractacus Potts, an eccentric inventor and his equally peculiar parent, implore him to buy the car before the junkman does, but he is unable to, not having the money. While skipping school, they meet Truly Scrumptious, a beautiful upper-class woman with her own motorcar, who brings them home to report their truancy to their father. Truly shows interest in Caractacus\' odd inventions, but he is affronted by her attempts to tell him that his children should be in school. One night, while going over his bizarre inventions, many of which seem to be similar in function and form to modern appliances, such as vacuum cleaners and televisions, Caractacus discovers that one of the sweets he has invented can be played like a flute. He tries to sell the "Toot Sweet" to Truly\'s father Lord Scrumptious, a major confection manufacturer, but when the factory is overrun by dogs responding to the whistle, he is thrown out. Then he takes his automatic hair-cutting machine to a carnival to raise money, but it goes haywire. He eludes the wrath from his first  customer named Cyril by joining a song-and-dance act, stealing the show and earning enough tips to pay for the car. Potts rebuilds the car, which he nicknames Chitty Chitty Bang Bang for the noises its engine makes, and he and the children, accompanied by Truly, go for a picnic on the beach, where Truly becomes very fond of the Potts family and vice versa. Caractacus tells them a story about nasty Baron Bomburst, the tyrant ruler of fictional Vulgaria, who wants to steal Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and keep it all for himself: In the story, the quartet and the car are stranded by high tide, but Chitty suddenly deploys huge flotation devices and they escape inland. The Baron sends two comical spies ashore to capture the car for him, but they briefly capture Lord Scrumptious by accident, and then kidnap Grandpa Potts, mistaking him for the inventor of Chitty. Caractacus, Truly, and the children see him being taken away by airship, and give chase. When they accidentally drive off a cliff, Chitty sprouts wings and propellers and begins to fly. They follow the airship to Vulgaria, where the Baroness Bomburst has ordered the imprisonment of all children, whom she abhors. Grandpa the "inventor" has been ordered by the baron to make another floating car, and is bluffing to avoid being tortured. The Potts party is hidden by the local toymaker, who now works only for the baron. Chitty is discovered and taken to the castle. But while Caractacus and the toymaker go in search of Grandpa and Truly goes in search of food, the children are captured by the Baron\'s Child Catcher. The toymaker takes Truly and Caractacus to a grotto far beneath the castle where the townspeople have been hiding their children, and they concoct a scheme to free the children and the village from the baron. The toymaker sneaks them into the castle disguised as life-size dolls, gifts for the baron\'s birthday. Caractacus snares the Baron and the town\'s children swarm into the banquet hall overcoming the baron\'s palace guards and guests. In the ensuing chaos, the baron, baroness, and Child Catcher are all captured. The family is freed and fly back with Truly to England. Jeremy and Jemima finish the story themselves: "And Daddy and Truly were married!" which Truly seems to find appealing, but Caractacus is evasive, believing that the class distance between them is too great. When they arrive home, Caractacus is surprised to find his father and Lord Scrumptious  playing a lively game of soldiers. Scrumptious surprises him further with an offer to buy the Toot Sweet as a canine confection and, realising that he is soon to become wealthy, rushes off to propose to Truly. As they drive off together in Chitty, the car takes to the air again, this time without wings.'] ["The witty Nonnie and the stuck-up city-boy Harry are the only ones to survive a massacre of a gang of poachers among the gamekeeper's family on her lonesome farm in the savanna. Now the ruthless murderers are after them as the only witnesses. Without a means of transportation, the only way to escape is to walk through 2000 kilometers of Kalahari desert with the help of the African bushman Xhabbo. On the months-long journey ahead they not only become good friends against their differences, but also realize that every one of them has strength and skills that are required to survive."] [' While living in The Bronx, the Mousekewitz family find that conditions are not as ideal as they had hoped, as they are still struggling against the attacks of mouse-hungry cats. Fievel spends his days thinking about the wild west dog-sheriff Wylie Burp, while his sister, Tanya, dreams of becoming a singer. Meanwhile, Tiger\'s girlfriend Miss Kitty leaves him to find a new life out West, tired of the life of an alley cat, and remarking that perhaps she\'s looking for a cat that is "more like a dog." In the alleys, a regal feline named Cat R. Waul devises a plan to deliver the mice into his clutches. He first launches a full-scale cat attack to drive all the mice to the sewers, specifically ordering his fellow cats to not eat any of them. Using a mouse-cowpoke marionette, he then entices the neighborhood mice, including the Mousekewitzs, into moving to a better life out west. Tiger chases the train, trying to catch up with his friends, but is thrown off course by a pack of angry dogs. While on the west-bound train, Fievel wanders into the livestock car, where he overhears the cats revealing their plot to turn them into "mouse burgers." After being discovered, Fievel is thrown from the train by Cat R. Waul\'s hench-spider, T.R. Chula, landing the mouse in the middle of the desert. The Mousekewitzes are heartbroken once again over the loss of Fievel and arrive at Green River with heavy hearts. Upon arrival at Green River, the Mousekewitzs begin to find a suitable home, positive that their son Fievel would find them once again. Papa helps his family set up a home under an old water tower, explaining while other mice would scamper for a land to live in, a smart mouse would live closer to water in the dusty country. However, Chula soon blocks up the water tower, drying up the river. Cat R. Waul approaches the mice and proposes to build a better community where cats and mice can live together in peace. Meanwhile, Fievel is wandering aimlessly through the desert, as is Tiger, who has found his way out west as well, and the two pass each other. However, each one figures that the other is a mirage and they continue on their separate ways. Tiger is captured by a tribe of Native American mice and their leader hails him as a deity, after seeing how Tiger looks like a rock formation. Fievel is picked up by a hawk and dropped over the Native American mouse village when their fireworks scare and explode on the bird, making his feathers pop out of his body, reuniting Fievel with Tiger. Tiger chooses to stay in the village while Fievel catches a passing tumbleweed, which takes him to Green River. As soon as Fievel makes his arrival, he quickly reunites with his family. He then tries to expose Cat R. Waul\'s true intentions, but the mouse inhabitants are oblivious to the danger. Inside a local saloon that is under construction, Fievel learns of the cats\' real plan before he is discovered. He confronts Cat R. Waul and is almost eaten in the process. However, Cat R. Waul is distracted when Tanya, Fievel\'s older sister, sings while working and is enchanted by her voice. He sends Tanya to Miss Kitty, who\'s now a diva, and she reveals that she came out west at the request of Cat R. Waul - an action she now seems to regret. Cat R Waul tells Miss Kitty to put Tanya on stage. With a little encouragement from Miss Kitty, Tanya performs to positive feedback. Meanwhile, Fievel is chased by Chula and briefly taken prisoner, but escapes. While walking out of town, Fievel stops to talk with an old hound sleeping outside the jail, discovering that the saturnine dog is in fact the legendary Wylie Burp he looked up to back in New York. Fievel convinces Wylie to help the mice\'s plight. Wylie asks him to find a dog for him to train, but he instead recruits Tiger to be trained as a lawman and as a dog. Tiger is reluctant at first, but relents at the suggestion that a new persona might win back Miss Kitty. After an eventually successful training session to work on Tiger\'s skills, the trio go back to Green River to fight the cats, who had scheduled to kill the mice at sunset. At Green River, a giant mousetrap has been disguised as bleachers for a ceremony honoring the opening of Cat R. Waul\'s saloon. But before the trap can be tripped, the three foil the plot using their wits and their slingshots to combat Cat R. Waul\'s feline henchmen. Tanya and Ms. Kitty soon learn of Cat R. Waul\'s true intentions and gets the rest of the mice to get off the trap. But towards the end of the fight, Chula captures Ms. Kitty as hostage, threatening to drop her from the tower. Tiger is enraged and overcomes his Arachnophobia by unleashing his "inner dog" to save Ms. Kitty and using a pitchfork and Chula\'s web as a lasso with the spider trapped on it, and then hurtles Cat R. Waul and his gang out of town by using the mouse trap. The cats fly into the air, then land into a mailbag. A passing train picks up the bag and leaves, and Cat R. Waul gets reluctantly adopted by a passenger. Enchanted by his new personality, Miss Kitty and Tiger are reunited. Tanya becomes a famous singer  and the water tower flows with water again, making Green River bloom with flowers. As the mice celebrate their freedom from the cats, Fievel finds Wylie Burp walking away from the party to watch the sunset on the prairie and joins him. Wylie hands Fievel his sheriff badge, although Fievel is unsure about taking it, since he feels he is not a traditional hero, but Wylie reminds him that, if it were not for Fievel, he would still be a washed up dog. He realizes his journey is still not over and that one day that he will be a hero.'] ['Main character John McKenna  is a spiritual being who is able to transform into bear, wolf or eagle. He lives in the forests of Tanglewood and has dedicated his life to protect them. One day a gang of evil loggers led by Travis Thorne  arrive in Tanglewood to chop the forest down. McKenna cannot let this happen, and together with his new friends - Lords of the Tanglewood, a band of children who love to play in the forest - he battles against Thorne and his evil gang.'] ["Teenager Angus  adopts a Yellow Labrador Retriever and names him Yellow. Several days later, while traveling along the coast of British Columbia with Angus's father, the boy and dog become stranded when turbulent waters capsize their boat. Angus's parents relentlessly badger rescue teams. Angus, schooled by his father in wilderness survival skills, and assisted by the intelligent Yellow Dog, tries to attract rescuers. Starvation, freezing temperatures, violent rainstorms, and a pack of wolves test Angus' and Yellow's courage and abilities to survive as they journey through the Canadian wilderness. Angus is eventually rescued but has to leave Yellow behind. Angus is later shown at home sitting on his porch; he blows his dog whistle and Yellow comes running back home."] ['After a cloud of swarm of "leaf-gobblers" descends upon Great Valley, devouring all plants and leaving it a barren wasteland, the inhabitants must seek another place where they can survive until the plants in Great Valley have grown back. However, the Leaf Gobblers have left a path of devastation behind them, leaving no food for the dinosaurs to find. After erring for days and days through this desolation, the herd quarrel and threaten to separate after Cera\'s father argues with Littlefoot\'s Grandfather and Littlefoot and Cera quarrel on their father and grandfather. The main characters do not want to be separated, so they set out to find a location with plentiful food. They leave a trail for the grownups to find them with, and eventually reach the "Big Water". There, they see a verdant island connected to the mainland by a thin land bridge. On their way, a Tsunami occurs, which they narrowly escape, and which wipes out the bridge. Isolated on the island, they try out Cera\'s idea to return by using a log as a boat . However, a swimming sharptooth attacks, and in the confusion and fright which follows, they end up on the island again. That night, they remember their families, while the herd, who followed the trail, sleep on the shores of the beach on the mainland, worrying for them and Cera\'s father blames their leave on Littlefoot\'s grandfather. The next morning, the children wake up to the shadow of a Sharptooth. They take off, but find themselves cornered by high cliffs. They huddle together when the sharptooth approaches, only to find that it is Chomper. He then helps them to hide from his parents, who are also on the island, and provides them with leafy food upon their request. However, an overcautious Cera openly displays distrust to Chomper because he is a Sharptooth, which grieves him, and he departs. Littlefoot follows him and apologizes, but is interrupted by Chomper\'s mother. She nuzzles him, then leaves. Littlefoot is intrigued by her display of love to Chomper. Meanwhile, a larger Sharptooth living on the island finds the children, and gives them chase. Chomper tries to help, but the Sharptooth overcomes him. Fortunately, his parents come to the rescue and battle the Sharptooth near the edge of the island, during which he falls into the Big Water and takes Chomper with him, much to his parents\' shock. Littlefoot plunges in to save Chomper while the sharptooth is swept away by the current. Another "swimming sharptooth" appears, but they discover it was an Elasmosaurus named Elsie who then saves the two from drowning. She returns them to the island, where Chomper\'s grateful family promises never to harm the children, and Chomper\'s father grudgingly admits that children who smelled that bad  wouldn\'t taste very good anyway. Cera realizes that not all Sharpteeth are so bad and monstrous as she previously thought. Elsie offers to take them across the sea, making Cera even more seasick than before. As Littlefoot and his friends board on Elsie, Chomper and his parents happily bid farewell to them, promising that they will see them again. When back on the mainland, they find out that the herd found a lush, green, little place on the shore to stay in till the Great Valley has grown back its leaves.'] ['John Smith is ambushed by a group of soldiers with a warrant for his arrest and presumed dead in the ensuing confrontation; Governor Ratcliffe has lied to King James  and framed Smith as the traitor from the first film in a plot to declare war against the Powhatan Nation while avoiding punishment for his own crimes. In order to prevent this, the King sends a young diplomat, John Rolfe, to bring Chief Powhatan to England for negotiations. In the New World, Pocahontas mourns John Smith\'s death but is eventually able to move on. John Rolfe soon arrives, greeted by English civilians  and a curious Pocahontas. After an incident with a biased sailor, Pocahontas meets Rolfe, but is disgusted by his need to take charge; Rolfe in turn does not like Pocahontas\'s independent spirit. Rolfe later overhears two women talking about Pocahontas preventing a war, and assumes that "Pocahontas" is the name of the Chief of the Powhatans. That night, at a dance, Rolfe intrudes with a gift of a horse for "The Mighty Pocahontas." When Pocahontas steps forward, Rolfe finds himself in an awkward situation: the stubborn Chief will not go to England, but unless an envoy is sent, war will break out. Pocahontas volunteers, despite doubt and concern from others. Later that night, Grandmother Willow tells her to "listen to the spirit within." The next day, Pocahontas sets off for England with Meeko, Flit, and Percy stowing away on the ship, and a bodyguard  sent by the Chief. While on the ship, Pocahontas is nearly arrested by the captain as a stowaway, but Rolfe saves her, and they come to a truce. Upon arriving in England, Pocahontas marvels at this "new world." But Ratcliffe is only too happy to learn that she is there, a "lowly woman" instead of a chief, and hands Rolfe a proclamation signed by King James that says an Armada will sail if he is not pleased with the Powhatan ambassador. Rolfe and Pocahontas set out for his estate outside of London, where Mrs. Jenkins happily greets them and puts on tea, her trademark solution to a problem. Rolfe meets with the King, who, per Ratcliffe\'s suggestion, invites Pocahontas and Rolfe to The Hunt Ball. If Pocahontas can impress the King by appearing "civilized", the armada will not set sail, much to Rolfe\'s disgust. Rolfe is doubtful of the plan, but Pocahontas is determined to impress King James. Pocahontas dons a hoop skirt, high heels and a yellow ball dress, and is powdered to look white. Rolfe gives her lessons in dance and local etiquette, as well as a necklace, which she puts on in place of her mother\'s. She delights the King with flattery, and pleases the Queen. But during a bear-baiting , Pocahontas cannot stand by and watch the torture, and accuses the King and the laughing aristocrats of behaving like savages. James accuses Pocahontas of the same thing for defending the bear, and angrily orders Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin\'s arrest, per Ratcliffe\'s suggestion, and plans to have them beheaded. Rolfe, his hopes of peace having failed, meets a hooded stranger who aids him in breaking Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin out of jail. At a cabin in the woods the hooded man is revealed to be John Smith, who still has feelings for Pocahontas, and wants her to stay hidden, instead of trying to stop the armada. Rolfe wants Pocahontas to listen to her heart. Smith realizes Rolfe is in love with her. Pocahontas remembers her now-married friend Nakoma\'s words. Willing to risk her life for her people, she washes the powder from her face, goes before the king and convinces the Queen of the truth. And when John Smith appears, the King finally realizes that Ratcliffe lied about Smith\'s death and there being gold in Virginia. Pocahontas, Uttamatomakkin, Smith, and Rolfe then set out to stop the Armada. After they knock most of the sailors overboard and cause the ships to crash together, Smith bests Ratcliffe in a swordfight. Ratcliffe pulls out a pistol, but Rolfe and Pocahontas stop him. Ratcliffe is met on shore by King James, who finally arrests him. Pocahontas tells Rolfe that she plans to leave for home , and the two hint at admitting they love each other. Smith interrupts, telling Pocahontas he wants to travel the world with her by his side on his newly-awarded ship. Rolfe leaves, dismayed. Pocahontas gently tells Smith that their time together is over and they must part ways. Smith wishes her well, kisses her hand one last time, and leaves. Sadly, Rolfe has vanished. As her ship leaves port, Rolfe reveals he is on board, and Pocahontas runs to his arms. Pocahontas reminds him about his duty to the King, but Rolfe says that he has a duty to honor what is in his heart. They kiss as the ship sails into the sunset.'] ["After giving a failed presentation at a robotics convention, Dr. Jonas Carson  is kidnapped and replaced by a look-alike android. His android son, Chip , notices the swap and manages to reprogram the impostor into an ally. Since he is like an additional Jonas, Chip names him Bonus . Chip enlists the aid of a small time pickpocket, Kyle , whom he has just befriended, to help him rescue his father. Bonus is able to lead them to the mansion where Dr. Carson is being held, but tight security prevents them from sneaking in successfully. Chip meets up with a high school friend, Kate Morgan , who now works as a policewoman. Officer Morgan has been after Kyle's pickpocketing and illicit watch sales for some time, but agrees to not press charges if he helps Chip rescue Jonas. She devises a plan to assume the personas of wealthy investors in order to gain willful entry to Dr. Frederick Berrigon's  estate, seeking guidance from her rich Aunt Mildred  to prepare them. Their ploy gets them inside, but they are soon found snooping, so Kyle and Bonus keep the guards occupied while Chip finds his father. Just before he breaks into the room where his father is being held, Chip learns that Berrigon was trying to extract Dr. Carson's knowledge to aid in building a war machine android. A moment later, Chip is confronted by a working prototype and is forced to fight it, with Berrigon watching from a distance. Chip has to avoid its laserfire, initially, but he manages to smash the laser with a projectile. The battle becomes a contest of speed and raw strength, with Chip being knocked to the ground and nearly struck in the chest with the end of a metal rod. Chip scrambles up, sets a compressed hydrogen canister on a cart and smashes the valve off, causing it to speed toward the other android and smash it against a group of canisters, which explode. Berrigon, having witnessed Chip's victory, realizes that he must be Dr. Carson's android, but Chip flings him into a mud pond. When several policemen follow Kate to make the arrest, a disheveled and frantic Berrigon yells for them to arrest Chip on account of him being a strong android; unconvinced, they haul him away. A reformed Kyle hugs Chip goodbye; feeling a power panel on Chip's back, Kyle shrugs it off as imagination. Aunt Mildred congratulates her niece on arresting Berrigon then becomes attracted to Bonus, starting a relationship with him."] ['As the opening song of the film  indicates, Littlefoot and company\'s arrival to the Great Valley is a relatively recent occurrence. The children are living happily in their new home, under their families\' watchful eyes. When the gang tries to get to the sheltering grass to play, but land in the sinking sand surrounding it, the grownups come and save them and chastise them for disobeying them, then lecture them that night. Cera then tells the others that they need to prove they are independent by running away for a while into the Mysterious Beyond, a location just outside the valley. Before they leave, they notice two egg nappers stealing an egg from Ducky\'s nest. They chase them into the Beyond, during which a landslide occurs. The egg rolls safely back to the nest, but the five are under the impression that it was destroyed in the landslide. This upsets Ducky until she notices what looks like the egg, only slightly larger. The gang "return" this egg to the Valley, only to find out that the stolen egg and this one are not the same. They decide to hatch it, nonetheless, until the egg hatches, revealing a baby sharptooth. While the others run away, Littlefoot quickly realizes that he is not yet dangerous and tries to raise the hatchling on leaves; though this fails, the hatchling, whom Littlefoot names "Chomper", becomes content with a diet of insects. When he hears the others calling for help, as the egg nappers Ozzy and Strut are attacking them, he runs to their aid, while "Chomper" follows him. Chomper\'s shadow frightens the villains away, after which Littlefoot exchanges introductions between Chomper and the others. They accept him, until he bites Cera by instinct. He is told this is considered bad behaviour in the Great Valley, and runs off. When the others follow him, they find him chasing insects on top of the Smoking Mountain, all afraid the little sharptooth could fall into the gurgling pit. Ozzy and Strut attack the children again, but Chomper once more comes to the rescue, biting onto Strut\'s tail. At that moment, the volcano erupts, lava slowly oozing in the children\'s path. Littlefoot pushes a tree over a canyon, to make a bridge for the others, though Ozzy and Strut fall into the canyon. Once across, they find two adult Sharpteeth on the other side. They escape them, and make it back to their families. After fighting the Sharpteeth off, the adults inquire how they entered the valley, to which the children confess over their adventure the night before, and the landslide which resulted. The adults set off to block the new entrance to the valley, and tell the children to stay behind. Littlefoot runs off to find Chomper, but is chased by one of the Sharpteeth. When trapped in a rotting log, they are approached by the sharpteeth. Then, Chomper calls to them, and they recognize him as their son. They then leave with him. Littlefoot, while out of the log, gets captured by Strut and Ozzy who survived the fall. Chomper hears Littlefoot screaming, and he goes to save him. Then Chomper\'s parents chase the egg nappers into the Mysterious Beyond again, and Littlefoot and Chomper say their final goodbyes. Littlefoot returns to the other plant-eaters. Littlefoot\'s grandfather tells him from then on, he should stay close to the herd. Then, he helps in knocking down some more rocks to seal up the entrance between the Great Valley and the Mysterious Beyond. Littlefoot then realizes that being young is not so bad after all, but decides he still looks forward to growing up.'] ['Middle school student Roy A. Eberhardt  has just moved to Florida from Montana. He is mercilessly teased and bullied. He is exasperated, but then makes the acquaintance of Beatrice "The Bear" Leep , and her stepbrother, "Mullet Fingers" . Meanwhile, the corrupt and ruthless CEO of a pancake company is attempting to construct a new pancake house on a nearby vacant lot. There is a problem however: a group of burrowing owls live on the site, and they will be killed if their habitat is bulldozed. The trio embark on a crusade to save the endangered animals. Fingers continually sabotages construction efforts on the site, while Roy is drawn deeper and deeper into the effort to save the owls. Meanwhile, Delinko , an incompetent police officer, is assigned to find out who is vandalizing the site; and Leroy \'Curly\' Branitt , an inept construction foreman, is trying to keep the construction schedule going, despite the presence of the owls. In the end, the trio reveals to Delinko and the rest of the town that there are burrowing owls on the lot. They then manage to get everyone to be quiet long enough for the owls to emerge, and the CEO is subsequently arrested by Delinko. The construction site eventually becomes an owl preserve. At the very end, Roy\'s parents decide to stay in Florida, Delinko finally gets to be a detective, Dana goes to military camp, Chuck Muckle does community service, and finally, Mullet Fingers and Roy pass a sign that says "The Dunes of Coconut Cove: Condominium development. 300 Luxury units coming soon!" They nod their heads, and walk off of the beach.'] ['The story involves the people of Mars, including Momar  and Kimar . They\'re worried that their children Girmar  and Bomar  are watching too much Earth television, most notably station KID-TV\'s interview with Santa Claus in his workshop at the North Pole. Consulting the ancient 800-year-old Martian sage Chochem , they are advised that the children of Mars are growing distracted due to the society\'s overly rigid structure; from infancy, all their education is fed into their brains through machines and they are not allowed individuality or freedom of thought. Chochem notes that he had seen this coming "for centuries", and says the only way to help the children is to allow them their freedom and be allowed to have fun. To do this, they need a Santa Claus figure, like on Earth. Leaving the Chochem\'s cave, the Martian leaders decide to abduct Santa Claus from Earth and bring him to Mars. As the Martians could not distinguish between all the fakes Santas, they kidnapped two children to find the real one. Once this is accomplished, one Martian, Voldar, who strongly disagrees with the idea, repeatedly tries to kill Santa Claus along with two kidnapped Earth children. He believes that Santa is corrupting the children of Mars and turning them away from the race\'s original glory. When they arrive on Mars, Santa and the children build a factory to make toys for the children. However, Voldar and his assistants, Stobo and Shim, sabotage the factory and change the programming so that it makes the toys incorrectly. Meanwhile, Dropo, Kimar\'s assistant, has taken a great liking to Santa Claus and Christmas, puts on one of Santa\'s spare suits and starts acting like Santa Claus. He goes to the toy factory to make toys, but Voldar mistakes him for Santa and kidnaps him. When Santa and the children come back to the factory to make more toys, they discover the machines have been tampered with. Voldar and Stobo come back to the factory to make a deal with Kimar, but when they see the real Santa Claus they realize that their plan has been foiled. Dropo, held hostage in a cave, tricks his guard Shim and escapes. Kimar then arrests Voldar, Stobo and Shim. Santa notices Dropo acts like him, and says that Dropo would make a good Martian Santa. Kimar agrees to let Dropo be the Martian Santa Claus and sends Santa and the children back to Earth.'] ['Three unlikely friends set out on a journey to find the dreaded Ghost of Captain LeRouge whose treasure laden ship was lost in the Louisiana bayou over two hundred years ago. What they find is an adventure beyond their wildest imagination and the magical swamp creature "Labou" whose whistles are rumored to be the original inspiration for jazz. With the help of Labou, the kids race to stay one step ahead of two crazy oil tycoons and discover the long lost treasure in time to save the swamps from destruction.'] ['Mike  is a young man who feels he does not belong on Earth. He tries to win the heart of his friend Katelyn  by helping out with the Halloween Dance, which is sabotaged by his rival, Scott. Upset, Mike sends a message into space asking to be rescued from Earth, unaware that aliens have heard his request and plan on visiting Earth. An alien called Thoad arrives on Earth in order to claim Mike for his "zoo". His friend\'s brother is kidnapped, and with help from Scott, as well as another alien, Barnabus , he manages to travel to Thoad\'s lair and rescue his friend\'s brother and all of the creatures trapped in the zoo. However, Thoad follows them back to Earth and attempts to take Mike with him to his lair, but Barnabus calls the Intergalactic Police, and Thoad is arrested and taken into custody. Barnabus tells Mike that Earth is safe again, and asks him to return with him to his home planet, but Mike tells him he at last feels that he belongs on Earth, and the pair say goodbye.'] ['Astérix and Obélix have to win the Olympic Games in order to help their friend Lovesix  marry Princess Irina . Brutus  uses every trick in the book to have his own team win the game, and get rid of his father Julius Caesar  in the process, but fails. The film is very loosely adapted from the original Asterix at the Olympic Games comic book. The love story subplot between Lovesix and Irina was not featured in the original story. Brutus, portrayed here as a comical villain with no relation to his depictions in Asterix comics, is the main antagonist, although he was not even featured as a character in the original comic book.'] ['After school, kids go to a local candy shop, where the owner Bill  serves chocolate to the kids . Charlie Bucket  stares through the window as he sings, saddened that he has no money. The newsagent Mr. Jopeck  gives him some money to buy a loaf of bread. On his way, he passes the chocolate factory of Willy Wonka , a local candy maker. A tinker  tells him  "nobody ever goes in, and nobody ever comes out". He brings the bread back to his Grandpa Joe , his widow mother , and his other three bedridden grandparents. That night, he tells Grandpa about the tinker and what he said, and Grandpa tells him about Wonka and how spies were trying to steal his life\'s work. He closed the factory, but three years later he started selling candy again, but is still unseen to this day. One day, the family, along with the rest of the world, learns that Wonka has hidden five Golden Tickets amongst his Wonka Bars. The finders of these special tickets will be given a full tour of his factory, as well as a lifetime supply of chocolate to the "winner". Charlie wants to take part in the search, but cannot afford to buy vast quantities of chocolate bars like other participants . Four of the tickets are found by: Augustus Gloop , a gluttonous German boy; Veruca Salt , a spoiled English girl; Violet Beauregarde , a gum-chomping American girl; and Mike Teavee , a television-obsessed American boy. As they find their tickets, a sinister-looking man is observed whispering in their ears, to whom they listen attentively despite their preoccupations with their particular obsessions. Charlie\'s hopes are dashed when news breaks that the final ticket had been found by a Paraguayan millionaire. The next day, as the Golden Ticket craze ends, Charlie finds a silver coin in a gutter and uses it to buy a Wonka Bar. Simultaneously, word spreads that the ticket found by the millionaire was forged and that one ticket is still about somewhere. When Charlie opens the bar, he finds the real golden ticket, and races home to tell his family, but is confronted by the same man who had been seen whispering to the other four winners. The man introduces himself as Arthur Slugworth, a rival confectioner who offers to pay Charlie a large sum of money for a sample of Wonka\'s latest creation, the Everlasting Gobstopper. Grandpa Joe gets out of bed to serve as Charlie\'s tour chaperone . The next day, Wonka greets the children and their guardians at the factory gates and leads them inside, requiring each to sign a contract before the tour can begin. Inside is a psychedelic wonderland full of chocolate rivers, giant edible mushrooms, lickable wallpaper and other ingenious inventions and candies, as well as Wonka\'s workers, the small, orange-skinned, green-haired Oompa-Loompas . As the tour progresses, each of the first four children ignore Wonka\'s warnings, resulting in serious consequences. Augustus is sucked through a chocolate extraction pipe system and sent to the Fudge Room, having fallen into a chocolate river from which he was trying to drink. Violet transforms into a giant blueberry after trying an experimental piece of Three-Course-Dinner Gum. Veruca is rejected as a "bad egg" and falls down a garbage chute in the Chocolate Golden Egg Sorting Room . Mike is shrunken to only a few inches in height after being transmitted by "Wonkavision", a broadcasting technology that can send objects through television instead of pictures. The Oompa-Loompas sing a song after each incident, describing that particular child\'s poor behaviour . While in Wonka\'s Inventing Room, the remaining children are each given a sample of Wonka\'s Everlasting Gobstoppers. Charlie also succumbs to temptation along with Grandpa Joe, as they stay behind in the Bubble Room and sample Fizzy Lifting Drinks. They begin floating skyward and are nearly sucked into a ceiling-mounted exhaust fan. To avoid this grisly fate, they burp repeatedly until they return to the ground. Wonka initially seems unaware of this incident. When Charlie becomes the last remaining child on the tour, Wonka dismisses him and Grandpa Joe and leaves for his office. When Grandpa Joe returns to ask about Charlie\'s lifetime supply of chocolate, Wonka irritably reveals that Charlie had violated the contract by sampling the Fizzy Lifting Drinks, and thus forfeited his prize, and Wonka furiously dismisses them. Grandpa Joe vows to give Slugworth the gobstopper in revenge. Charlie, however, cannot bring himself to hurt Wonka and places the gobstopper on his desk. Wonka recants and begs for his guests\' forgiveness. He reveals that "Slugworth" is actually an employee named Wilkinson, whose offer to buy the gobstopper  was all part of a morality test for the Golden Ticket winners, and Charlie was the only one who passed the test. The trio enter the "Wonkavator", a multi-dimensional glass elevator, and fly out of the factory in it. As they soar over the city, Wonka tells Charlie that his actual prize is not just the chocolate but the factory itself, as the Golden Ticket search was created to help Wonka search for an honest and worthy child to be his heir. Charlie and his family will reside in the factory and take over its operation when Wonka retires.'] ['A prospector named Jonathan Harvey ([[Paul Kelly , whose faithful companion is a rough collie named Shep, looks after the family of his late partner, Martha Blake  and her son Tommy ([[Gary Gray . After years of digging in the hills of California , he finally strikes gold. However, before he can share it with the Blakes, his greedy partner Lin Taylor  kills Jonathan and attempts to lay claim on the gold. He poisons Shep, who nearly dies, and nearly kills Tommy, but ultimately Shep recovers and leads Lin into the mountains, where he falls off a cliff to his death.'] ["Sixteen year-old Jett Jackson’s role as the action hero “Silverstone” in his hit TV series has catapulted him to mega-stardom. But Jett’s finding it increasingly difficult to juggle the demands of show biz with school, family and friends. Then, a freak accident on the set causes Jett and his on-screen character Silverstone to trade places. Now, Jett must save the world from the clutches of the evil Dr. Kragg, while Silverstone faces his own challenge in Jett’s world: teenage life! With no script to follow, can Jett and Silverstone safely find their way back to the realities they knew? Ultimately, Miz Coreta realizes the truth, telling Silverstone that she can tell who Jett is through his eyes. Silverstone returns to his world, where Artemis and Hawk have been captured by Kragg, and tells Jett to go home while he deals with Kragg and to destroy Kragg's machine that opens the portal when he gets there. Jett complies, but when he's about to destroy the machine, he's given the nearly finished script which reveals that Silverstone is going to be killed. Hawk and Artemis are trapped in a force-field cage, and Silverstone is about to be destroyed by a laser when Jett himself swings in and knocks down Kragg. Jett saves Silverstone and Silverstone frees Artemis and Hawk. Those two go after Kragg's goons and easily defeat them while Jett and Sliverstone team up against Kragg. Kragg disguises himself so he looks exactly like them but Silverstone remembers what Miz Coreta told him about how she was able to tell that Sliverstone was not Jett due to his eyes, and figures out which one is Jett due to the same thing. Together Jett and Silverstone defeat and knock out Kragg. Later, Kragg and his henchmen are arrested and Jett talks over his decision to quit with Silverstone, realizing that he should remain an actor. He returns to his own world and Silverstone destroys the machine behind him. Back in his world, Jett announces his intention to keep playing Silverstone, and reunites with his family and friends."] ["Keeping The Promise, tells the story of a 13-year-old boy, Matt  and his father,  who, as early settlers, together build a wooden cabin in Maine in 1768. However, Matt's father must head back to Quincy, Massachusetts, to get Matt's mother, sister, and newborn sibling who were all left behind so Matt and his father could build shelter for them. Matt's father promises to return in seven weeks and Matt is left alone with his father's old watch  and a hunting rifle to guard the family's newly-built homestead and field crops. Unfortunately, Matt finds himself enduring many hardships for which he is unprepared. His hunting rifle is stolen by a stranger named Ben Loomis; while chasing after Ben: Matt trips and falls into a river. Luckily, Matt's misadventure has not gone unnoticed and he is pulled from the water. Ironically, the Indians he has learned to fear, through tales that his father had told him, save his life in this part of the story. His injured leg is treated by the Indian chief named Saknis. While recovering, Matt begrudgingly allows Saknis to take his book  for saving his life. Saknis later returns with book and asks Matt whether a knife or a book would win a fight - Matt says the knife would win, Saknis points out that the words of the white man have already won the land away from his people. Saknis commands that Matt is to teach his grandson to read. Although uncertain of how to teach anyone, especially the unwilling Attean, Matt accepts the task out of obligation, as he owes his life to the man. Meanwhile his father returns to his family only to find there is a fever in the village which kills their neighbour's daughter, the family leave quickly knowing that the town will probably be closed to stop the spread of fever. On their way the newborn and the mother come down with fever, this delays them and when they reach the boat for its last crossing before winter they are turned back because of the baby's illness. The Mother recovers, but unfortunately the baby doesn't and has to be buried as they travel the land route. Back in Maine Matt does not immediately befriend Attean, although the two young boys eventually form a strong friendship as they help each other through difficult circumstances. When Matt's family has not yet returned after many months Attean invites Matt to join his tribe, who are moving west to new hunting grounds. Although Matt is good friends with Attean and enjoys Indian culture, he has not forgotten his family. Matt has to decide whether to join the Indian tribe, or return to his cabin and wait for his family to return. Near the end of the story, Attean goes on a vision quest and becomes a brave. He visits Matt and gives him a pair of snowshoes for the winter and asks him to come with the tribe. Matt decides to wait for his family, although parting from his new friend, Attean, is difficult. The two boys trade gifts, Matt gives Attean the book of Robinson Crusoe and Attean leaves his dog behind with Matt. Sure enough, Matt's family returns in the winter snows, guided for the last few days by Ben Loomis, who makes himself absent as soon as the family are reunited."] ["{{context}} The movie is set some time after the events of Treasure Island. Long John receives grave news from Dod Perch of a massacre from Mendoza who in the process kidnaps Governor Strong's daughter Elizabeth for ransom along with Jim Hawkins. There is also a second treasure cache on the Treasure Island directed only by a pirate medallion. Long John visits Governor Strong and his wife to propose to give in the ransom before they pursue Mendoza. During the pickup of the ransom, Long John goes with Billy Bowlegs to Mendoza's ship and explains that Billy shot his two partners to hoard the ransom money for himself. Long John invited on the ship briefs a plan to Mendoza to leave Elizabeth on shore and mislead the Governor's warships in order to sack the king's warehouses. As Mendoza carries out the plan, Long John finds Jim possesses the very medallion of Treasure Island. As Mendoza begins to double cross Long John, he in turn summons his men to ambush and capture Mendoza along with the warehouse fortune, whilst Jim and Elizabeth make their escape. Back at the governor's Jim is offered the chance to go back to England, but Long John has plans to take Jim with him on the second voyage for Treasure Island. Long John seizes an opportunity to charter Captain MacDougall's ship for the voyage. Long John sets off missing Purity Pinker's hand in marriage and barely escaping the alert local sentries. Long John plots to start a mutiny on Captain MacDougall and take over his ship. MacDougall in response plans to have Long John and his men marooned on an island which is the secret hideout of Mendoza. Jim sets fire to Mendoza's warehouse so that Long John and his crew can capture Mendoza's ship. As Long John sails for Treasure Island, Mendoza awaits his next ship. Once on Treasure Island, Long John and his men take shelter in the stockade from Israel Hands, who survived Jim's shot some time ago, but is blind. Israel keeps Long John and his men trapped, killing them a few at a time. Soon Mendoza's men arrive and Israel offers service to Long John, in return for a passage to Cornwall and vengeance against Jim. After fleeing, Mendoza burns down the stockade. Long John follows the trail of the map to the caves where the treasure is buried. Israel tries to kill Jim, but Jim leads him to the coast where he plunges off to his death. As Jim heads back to the caves, he taken by Mendoza, who is going to use him as bait to get Long John, but Long John surrenders to Mendoza, giving his men the opportunity to make a gunpowder attack, cutting down Mendoza's forces and leaving the rest marooned. Long John returns as an honourable citizen, but he and Jim ride off."] ['Balto and his mate Jenna have a new family of six puppies. Five of their puppies look like their husky mother, while one pup named Aleu clearly takes her looks from her wolfdog father. When they all reach eight weeks old, all of the other pups are adopted to new homes, but no one wants Aleu. Aleu stays with her father, Balto. A year later, after she is almost killed by a hunter, Balto tells Aleu the truth about her wolf heritage. In anger and sadness, she runs away, hoping to find her place in the world. At the same time, Balto has been struggling with strange dreams of a raven and a pack of wolves and he cannot understand their meaning. When Aleu doesn\'t come back the next day, he runs off to find her and bring her back home. He meets with mysterious creatures, like a cunning fox, a trio of wolverines that taunt him, the same guiding raven from his dreams, and a furious grizzly bear that suddenly disappears as if it was never there. During the journey, his friends Boris and Muk and Luk hope to find Balto, but they are halted by some unknown force. They soon realise that this journey to find Aleu is meant for the father and daughter themselves. Aleu, after taking refuge in a cave, meets the field mouse called Muru who lets Aleu realise that being part-wolf isn\'t so bad. He teaches her that everyone has a spirit guide. After singing the song "Who are you?", it turns out that Muru is Aleu\'s spirit guide. When Aleu and Balto reunite after a close escape from the bear, a part that helped them escape is a strange ability that Aleu managed to get somehow, and allowed Aleu see the bear\'s thoughts. Aleu has started to grow, telling her father that she\'s not going home until she finds out who she is. The two of them travel onward, both following the raven, to a starving pack of wolves by the ocean. They are led by an old wolf named Nava, who has magic powers and can contact the mysterious white wolf Aniu in his "dream visions". He tells his pack that one day soon, they will be led by a new leader, "the one who is wolf but does not know". Everyone believes that Balto, who is half wolf himself, is the chosen one that Aniu was speaking of. However, Niju , a young wolf, hopes that he will be the next leader since he is stronger and more powerful than the old, wise Nava. He plans to accomplish that with his followers Nuk, Yak and Sumac. The day comes to depart from their home to follow the caribou, the wolves\' food source, across the large sea using pieces of ice like a bridge, with Balto in the lead. When Nava is separated from the rest of the pack, Aleu joins him to help him across, but runs into Niju, who is ready to take the elderly leader\'s life and the young half-wolf\'s as well. Balto abandons the pack to save his daughter, but before anyone gets hurt, they realise that the pack is floating away, leaderless. Nava cannot make the swim in his old age; so Balto tells Niju to be their new leader and to swim across to the pack but he refuses to leave his homeland. Balto is prepared to help the pack, but Aleu realises that this is where she truly belongs. She makes the swim to the pack to become its leader as Nava returns to his home to find Niju. As Balto makes his way back to Nome, the raven reveals its true form as the great white wolf, Aniu, who is Balto\'s mother.'] ['King Krewl ([[Raymond Russell  is a cruel dictator in the Emerald City. He wishes to marry his daughter, Princess Gloria ([[Vivian Reed  to a buffoonish pantaloon of an old courtier named Googly-Goo , but she is in love with Pon, the Gardener\'s boy ([[Todd Wright . Krewl employs Mombi  to freeze the heart of Gloria so she will not love Pon any longer. This she does by pulling out her heart  and coating it with ice. Dorothy  runs away with the now heartless Gloria, accompanied by Pon and eventually the Scarecrow . Mombi catches up with the travelers and removes the Scarecrow\'s stuffing, but Dorothy and Pon are able to re-stuff him; Gloria wanders off. In an effective use of deep focus photography, they meet the lost little boy, Button-Bright . The party next arrive at the Tin Castle of the Tin Woodman , who has rusted solid.  Mombi reaches the Tin Castle, and the Tin Woodman chops off her head; however, this merely slows her down as she hunts for it and places it back on.  Having replaced her head, Mombi encounters Pon and turns him into a kangaroo. Dorothy, Button-Bright, the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman escape from Mombi by crossing a river on a raft. As in the original novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, the Scarecrow\'s barge-pole gets stuck in the river bed and leaves him stranded, until he is rescued by a bird. At one point in this sequence, the Scarecrow slides down the pole into the river, resulting a brief "underwater" sequence featuring puppet fish and a mermaid; throughout, the Scarecrow makes asides to the camera, mostly without intertitles.  The party encounter the Wizard , who tricks Mombi by letting the group hide in the Red Wagon, pulled by the Sawhorse; when Mombi attempts to follow them, the group escape out the back of the wagon. The four companions meet the Cowardly Lion, who joins them. The Wizard traps Mombi in a container of "Preserved Sandwitches" and paints out the "sand" and the plural, carrying her away in his pocket. The Scarecrow, taking a barrage of arrows, tosses Krewl\'s soldiers over the battlements to deal with the Cowardly Lion, who cannot climb the rope ladder over the city wall. With the support of the people, the Scarecrow is easily able to depose King Krewl. The Wizard releases Mombi, and compels her to restore Pon to his normal form and unfreeze Gloria\'s heart.'] ["After solving the Luna Ghost mystery, constant arguments among the members of Mystery, Inc. cause the gang to go their separate ways. Two years later, Shaggy Rogers and Scooby-Doo are approached to solve the mystery of the popular horror resort Spooky Island, reuniting with Fred Jones, Velma Dinkley and Daphne Blake, although none of the latter are thrilled to see each other. On the island, the gang meets Emile Mondavarious, the park's owner, who explains his theory that visitors are being cursed. Shaggy falls in love with a girl named Mary Jane, while Scooby is mysteriously targeted by demonic creatures. Velma meets a man named N'Goo Tuana and his minion, the famous luchador Zarkos, who explains that demons rule the island. The gang visits the island's abandoned ghost castle, where Daphne finds a tetrahedron-shaped artifact called the Daemon Ritus and Velma and Fred find a strange classroom with videos designed to address non-humans. When the gang returns to the hotel, they are attacked by the island demons, who kidnap numerous tourists including Fred, Velma and Mondavarious. The next day, Daphne is captured by Zarkos, while Shaggy and Scooby discover Fred, Velma and the tourists are now possessed by the demons. The two flee with Mary Jane, until Scooby realizes she is possessed as well. In the midst of an argument between Scooby and Shaggy, Scooby falls down a hole, followed by Shaggy, who dives in to save him. Shaggy comes across a vat containing the protoplasmic souls of everyone who was captured, including the rest of the gang, and releases the gangs' souls to their bodies. Velma discovers the demons are destroyed in sunlight, while Daphne and Fred's souls end up in the wrong bodies. Shaggy steals the Daemon Ritus and reunites with the gang after their souls correct themselves. Coming across Voodoo Maestro, the gang learns that if the leader of the demons absorbs a pure soul through the Daemon Ritus, then the demons shall rule the world for the next 10,000 years. The pure soul belongs to Scooby, while the demons' leader is Mondavarious. The gang puts their differences aside and finally work together to save Scooby. They form a plan but it fails and Scooby's soul is extracted. Scooby is saved by Shaggy, wounding Mondavarious in the attempt. Fred and Velma discover he is actually a robot, controlled by none other than Scrappy Doo, who the gang abandoned years ago due to his egotism. Now vengeful, Scrappy transforms into a demon to destroy the gang and rule the world using the tourists' souls he absorbed. Daphne fights Zarkos above the island's caves, knocking him through the roof, which exposes the demons to sunlight and kills them. Shaggy attacks Scrappy and rips the Daemon Ritus from his chest, freeing the souls and reverting Scrappy to his original self. Shaggy finds the real Mondavarious trapped in a hole and frees him. Scrappy and his minions are arrested, while Mystery, Inc. is reunited to continue solving mysteries."] ['The movie starts with George  swinging around town, and he picks up the newspaper. He reads it when he gets home and finds out that the great magician Piccadilly  is holding an act with an elephant called Kayla. It sounds interesting to George so he wakes up Ted ([[Jeff Bennett , and he tries to show Ted the news, but Ted is late for a meeting with Mr. Bloomsberry. When Ted gets to the museum he prepares reasons as to why he would be a good candidate to take over the museum for Mr. Bloomsberry who is retiring. Mr. Bloomsberry however, says that Ted is the only candidate because he couldn\'t imagine leaving not even Junior  to own the museum. The only stipulation is Ted has to write a presentation on what his vision of what the museum would look like; to be delivered in one week, to the Board of Directors. However Ted is scared of the Board of Directors. As Ted is in his office writing his charts, Maggie tells him that his loved needs more attention: her, George, etc. George comes in and tries to show Ted the poster with Kayla . Ted says he understands what Maggie is saying and decided to take George to the magic show. During one of Piccadilly\'s magic tricks, Kayla disappears, and George goes looking for her. He finds Kayla in the basement of the theatre, starts playing with her and they stumble upon the exit for the building. Piccadilly comes in and can\'t find Kayla so he calls for security, the head of which is Danno Wolfe  who is assisted by Mrs. Fisher. Danno questions Ted and gets suspicious about him and George. Meanwhile, George and Kayla make their way to Ted\'s apartment where they see news coverage of Kayla\'s original home in California. Ted returns home to find George and Kayla in their apartment. He decides to return to the theatre with George and Kayla but along the way loses them when George sees a train advertisement for the "California Express". Ted reaches them at the train, but can\'t get them out of the boxcar before it leaves the station. They are headed west and Ted gets nervous when the train doesn\'t even stop in St. Louis and his cell phone\'s battery has died. Meanwhile, a cryptic message from a monkey Danno thinks speaks Chinese leads him to believe that George and Ted have kidnapped the elephant. He begins attempting to find them. Back on the train, George opens the door of the boxcar but Ted falls out while trying to catch the wind-blown pages of his presentation. Ted makes his way to a small train station with a stationmaster  who offers to charge the cell phone . Ted uses what little change he has to call Piccadilly, but doesn\'t manage to complete the call which makes Danno even more certain that Ted and George have kidnapped Kayla. Ted uses the stationmaster\'s motorcycle to catch up with George and Kayla, and reboards the train. He leaves his cell phone in Humbleton with the stationmaster who tries to use the phone to tell Piccadilly that Kayla is okay but the phone breaks. Mrs. Fisher traced the call which allowed Danno to find his way the Humbleton station. Ted, George, and Kayla continue on the train for the next stop in Grand Junction with Danno on their heels. The movement of Kayla, however, causes the boxcar to separate from the rest of the train, and they head away from the rest of the train. It finally stops, and they get off in search of a road to find help. A man in a flatbed truck stops and picks them up. Ted thinks they are going east, but they continue to travel west once again. Meanwhile, Piccadilly is interviewed by Hark Hanson , and he reveals pictures of George and Ted as the kidnappers of Kayla. Ted wakes up after a night\'s sleep in the back of the truck and realizes they have been heading the wrong way. He gets them off the truck and attempts to head back east again. They come across a farmer named Dan and his child named Anna, with whom they spend the night. The next morning, Ted picks up the newspaper and finds out New York thinks they\'re kidnappers. He also reads about Kayla\'s family. Ted wants to return Kayla to Piccadilly, but George and Anna disagree. Ted changes his mind the next morning but before they leace for Kayla\'s home, Danno shows up in a helicopter. After the pig throws Danno into a rain barrel, Kayla scares the pilot into flying. While they are thus distracted, George and company escape using a hollowed out school bus and finally make their way to the park where Kayla\'s family are happy to see her. Danno shows up again and arrests George and Ted and captures Kayla. They fly back to the city, but after George gets the handcuff keys from Danno, they all escape by jumping out of the plane. They make it back to Piccadilly and everything is fine, except that Danno has followed them once again. Kayla subdues him and throws him onto the stage\'s trapdoor which Piccadilly opens, dropping Danno onto the mattress below. George and Maggie watch Ted give his report to the Board of Directors. He is initially flustered because the past week\'s adventures prevented him from preparing his presentation. Once George comes in the room, Ted improvises a speech saying that friends are more important than work and proposes several ideas for the museum based on that idea . The Board is impressed and approves his appointment.'] ['Loosely picking up where Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo left off, protagonist Pete Stancheck  has inherited Herbie from Jim Douglas, and travels to Mexico  with his friend Davy "D.J." Johns  to retrieve the car. There, they befriend Paco , a comically mischievous, orphaned pickpocket. Pete and D.J. board the Sun Princess, a cruise ship, to Rio de Janeiro to enter Herbie in the Brazil Grand Primeo, while Paco follows hidden in Herbie\'s cargo compartment. En route they meet an anthropology student named Melissa  and her extravagant, eccentric aunt Louise , who is trying to find a husband for her niece. When Herbie wreaks havoc on board, Pete pretends to court Melissa, intending that her Aunt Louise will sponsor their race.  Meanwhile, Herbie helps Paco, who has dubbed the car \'Ocho\' , escape captivity. When the ship\'s captain Blythe  has his costume party wrecked by the boy and car, he puts Herbie on trial and sentences him to be dropped in the sea, whence he is rescued by Paco and disguised as a taxi. Thereafter follow three villains  seeking to capture an antique gold disc, and to seize Paco and retrieve some film kept in their wallets; Herbie\'s matador part in a bullfight; romance between Aunt Louise and Captain Blythe; and bananas initially used to conceal Herbie among farm vehicles traveling to market and later used by Herbie and Paco to stop the villains escaping justice. Ultimately, the villains are captured, and the protagonists re-unite on the Sun Princess to celebrate.'] ["Although this is a remake of a 1920's silent Our Gang episode called Uncle Tom's Uncle, the main character is Spanky. Early scenes of this film were part of Spanky's screen test taken back in April 1931 during his first visit to Hal Roach Studios. It included him bug hunting. Meanwhile, his brother Breezy Brisbane and the rest of the gang are putting on a play of Uncle Tom's Cabin. Brisbane is forced to supervise Spanky. Also, Spanky's dad refuses to spend money in order to keep the house clean though he has tons of it hidden in a closet. Spanky disrupts the play the whole time and the play itself is a flop and the kids that came to watch it ruin the play even more by throwing tomatoes and garbage at the gang as they are trying to put the show on. Spanky also finds his dad's money and begins throwing it out the window. The kids all run out and try to steal the money and Spanky's dad arrives and throws the kids out forcing them to give back the money. The gang helps clean up the money and the father promises to put the money in the bank and spend more on mom and the kids."] ['Sonora Webster is a stubborn orphan who lives with her aunt during the Depression. She has a love of horses, and one day before school, loses a bet that hers can jump a fence. It breaks and the cows get out, forcing her to be late. After she is given detention, her aunt tells her that because of her behavior and the family\'s financial difficulties, she is going to be put into an orphanage. Instead, she slips out of the house during the night. Sonora ends up at a county fair and sees Marie perform as a diving girl. A diving girl jumps onto a horse as it runs up a steep platform just before it leaps off into a pool of water. She then informs Doc Carver that she is his new diving girl. He informs her that she is too young, her body isn\'t developed enough, and tells her she should go back home. She stubbornly twists her arms and legs around a chair to show him she won\'t leave until he gives her the job. Instead, he just places her and the chair outside of his tent. Ending up in the stable with the horses, Doc sees how talented Sonora is with them and decides to give her a job as a stablehand. She then begins traveling with them, bonding with his son Al and even Doc himself. Al wins a wild horse in a game of cards, and he says that if she can tame it, he believes his father will give her a chance to train as a diving girl. She surprises him one day by riding up on it and he promises she can train to be a diving girl if she can mount it while it\'s moving. After multiple attempts, she finally succeeds and Doc keeps his promise, much to the chagrin of Marie. She and the wild horse, Lightning, develop a special bond which proves important later in the film. One day, Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder, leaving her unable to perform. Thus, Sonora becomes the diving girl, even though the swimsuits don\'t fit her. Although she has never actually dived with Lightning into the pool of water, Sonora is successful at her first jump. Marie is so jealous that she makes unreasonable demands of Doc to ensure her stardom status, and after he refuses them, she quits the show rather than share billing with Sonora. Al and his father have always had a difficult relationship, which isn\'t helped by his burgeoning romance with Sonora, and one day he leaves after having a particularly bad fight with him. He and Sonora have almost shared their first kiss, and he promises to write her. Again, he keeps his promise, but Doc, protective of Sonora, hides Al\'s letters from her. Doc and the new stablehand Clifford  leave the farm in search of work, and that night Lightning falls ill. Sonora spends the night worrying over him and is awakened by Al, who has returned and discovers that Lightning ate some moldy hay and has developed colic. Al and Sonora work together to heal Lightning and are walking him when Doc and Clifford return with the news there is no more work to be had and announcing that the show is over. Al asks Sonora why she never wrote him, and she tells him that she never received any letters from him. Both confused over the missing letters. It is then learned that Al arranged a six month contract with the Steel Pier in Atlantic City to perform the show and it\'s come through. The good news seems to patch up old differences between Doc and Al. Just as everyone seems to be getting along, Doc passes away en route to Atlantic City, apparently from a heart attack. Al takes over his father\'s role as a show presenter. On Al\'s first day, he is extremely nervous, so Sonora finds Doc\'s famous fringed jacket to give Al confidence. In it she also finds one of Al\'s old letters, confessing his love for her. When Sonora finds Al, she lets him know she feels the same. Meanwhile, Clifford has acquired a rusted-out motorcycle from a friend in Atlantic City and plans to refurbish it to working status; Sonora is unimpressed and laughs at the notion. Al and Sonora perform at Atlantic City in front of their largest audience. Everyone is nervous and excited. As she is climbing the ladder, he proposes to her. She accepts and gets ready to do the jump. The horse, a jittery stallion who is not her usual partner Lightning, is anxious because of all the noise from the band and the crowd, and just before the jump a cymbal crashes loudly, which causes him to falter and trip. Sonora keeps her eyes open as they fall into the water. Both of them make it, but her vision is impaired, yet she hides this from Al and won\'t seek medical attention for the condition. The next day when she wakes up, Sonora discovers she can\'t see. The doctor diagnoses detached retinas in both her eyes due to uncontrolled hemorrhaging behind them  and tells her the condition is permanent and she will be blind for the rest of her life. In order to avoid a breach of contract lawsuit, Al must find another diving girl within a week, and calls Marie, who returns to be it. Clifford has been working on his "new" motorcycle and gets it back in working condition. He demonstrates his new act for a small crowd including Al and Sonora—it is an enormous metal ball in which he rides around inside on the motorcycle, doing loop after loop. The crowd is amazed and he is pleased with his new "death-defying" act. Meanwhile, Sonora misses diving terribly, and feels utterly helpless and like a burden to Al. She tells him of her desires to dive again, and indicates her unique bond with Lightning as evidence that she could do it again as she knows him so well. She and Al work together to try to train her to mount him again, much the same way she and Doc once worked together earlier to train her to do so in motion. She is stubborn and refuses to give up, but Al forces her to accept the fact that it is impossible. She spends some quiet time with Lightning that night. The next day, with the help of Clifford, Marie is locked in her dressing room, and Sonora climbs the platform. Though Al is scared for her and shouts at her to come back down, the crowd doesn\'t know she\'s blind, and she uses her other senses to have a very successful jump. She is again the diving girl, and her voiceover tells us that she continued diving for 11 more years. She and Al get married and live happily ever after.'] ['David Freeman  is an average 12-year-old American boy living in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in 1978. On the night of July 4, his mother Helen , asks him to get his younger brother, Jeff , from a friend\'s house on the other side of the woods. While walking through the woods, he falls down into a ravine and is knocked unconscious. He wakes up after what seems like a few moments and walks home. He is shocked to find that his family no longer lives there; somehow he\'s traveled into the future, 1986. The police take him to a house where he is reunited with his family, now eight years older. Meanwhile, an extraterrestrial spacecraft has crashed into some high-tension power lines. NASA agents convince the police that it is theirs and take it to their base. They intend to study it, but find the craft seamless and impenetrable. In the meantime, David is taken to the hospital to discover why he hasn\'t aged. The doctors begin performing tests on his brain and find it contains accurate starcharts. The lead NASA scientist, Dr. Faraday , hears about David and requests that he be taken to the same facility where the UFO is kept. Further scans reveal that his brain contains alien data and unknown star charts from a planet called Phaelon, 560 light-years from Earth. The concept of time dilation due to faster-than-lightspeed travel is used to explain how he may have been in space for only 4 1/2 hours, while eight years passed on Earth. David befriends an intern named Carolyn McAdams  and tells her to let his parents know that the institute plans to keep him locked up. The next morning, he hears a voice telepathically. He escapes from his room by hiding in a service robot and is taken to where the ship is stored. Once inside, he meets its pilot, an artificial intelligence called a Trimaxian Drone Ship from the planet Phaelon, who David nicknames Max . Referring to him as "Navigator", Max accepts his command to escape the base. The ship takes off from the NASA facility and travels straight up to a low earth orbit as David struggles to issue precise orders to Max. After working through their initial confusion they hide on the ocean floor. Max tells David that his mission was to travel the galaxy, collect biological specimens, and take them back to Phaelon for analysis before returning them to their homes. He discovered humans only use 10% of their brain and as an experiment, David\'s brain was filled with miscellaneous information, including star charts. Max then returned him to Earth, but didn\'t take him back to his own time, fearing that humans were too delicate for time travel. Before returning to Phaelon, Max stopped to examine a patch of wild flowers and accidentally crashed the ship into the nearby power lines, erasing all the computer\'s star charts and data. He therefore needs the information in David\'s brain to return home. While Max prepares to perform a brain scan on David, he shows the boy the remaining alien specimens he has to return to their homeworlds. David bonds with a Puckmaren, a tiny alien species and the last of his kind, since his world was destroyed. After a while, Max performs the scan, but in the process also contracts the ability for emotions and attitude, making him more human in behavior, but also funnier, stubborn and argumentative. David and Max start bickering, so Max\'s response is to shut down and allow the ship to fall from orbit, taunting David to become the navigator. He manages to activate the manual controls and takes over. They travel around the planet trying to decide what to do next, all the while being tracked by NASA. In the meantime, Carolyn has made contact with David\'s family and told them about his escape in the ship; as a result, Dr. Faraday has them put under house arrest. To find his way home to his family, David stops to use a gas station pay phone, calls home and has Jeff send a signal so he can find the new house. Jeff lights a series of fireworks, which David is able to home in on. He is initially thrilled that he will soon return home, but becomes despondent upon realizing that he has lost eight years with his family. Upon arriving and seeing government agents waiting for him, David decides that he does not belong in 1986, says goodbye, and orders Max to take him back to his own time, regardless of the risks. Max reluctantly travels back with David and successfully returns him unharmed and at the same moment he left. David makes his way home and finds everything the way he left it. His family take off in their boat to see the fireworks and he makes up with Jeff. He discovers that he has a stowaway in his backpack, the Puckmaren. Jeff sees the tiny new pet, too, and agrees to keep it a secret. The film ends with Max flying off amidst the Fourth of July fireworks, shouting "See ya later, Navigator."'] ['Kim Possible  is a high-school cheerleader and world-famous crimefighter, and Ron Stoppable  is her faithful sidekick. Ron has a pet naked mole rat named Rufus . The film begins at the start of a new school year, but the start of a fun year is ruined when Ron finds out he\'s moving to Norway. Meanwhile, Dr. Drakken, Shego, Duff Killigan, and Monkey Fist team up to steal the Time Monkey, a small statuette used to travel through time. With help from her computer guru Wade Load  and her friend Monique, Kim follows the villains to Australia as they steal the body and head of the Time Monkey, but the villains connect the head to the body inside the Time Monkey\'s temple in Africa, and they escape through the resulting time portal. Shortly afterward, Kim is visited by a large talking mole rat from the future, a descendent of Rufus named Rufus 3000, who gives Kim a time-travel device and explains that "The Supreme One" is preparing to take over the world. Meanwhile, Drakken, Killigan, and Monkey Fist turn themselves into little children and travel back in time to Kim\'s first day in preschool in order to discourage her from becoming a crimefighter. Posing as her schoolmates, the villains try to bully the four-year-old Kim, but she defeats them and makes friends with Ron, and the high-school-age Kim arrives to fight Shego, who has been observing her accomplices. With their preschool plot foiled, the villains turn back into adults and escape forward in time, to a day when Kim and Ron are middle-school teenagers. When a billionaire traps himself in the web of deadly laser beams that guard his vault, his security expert accidentally contacts Kim through her new babysitting website, so, after a neighbor drives Kim and Ron to the billionaire\'s mansion, Kim uses her cheerleading gymnastic skills to jump through the laser beams and save the billionaire. Monkey Fist goes into the past and retrieves a huge rock gorilla, which attacks Kim, but high-school-age Kim and Ron appear, and high-school Ron destroys the rock gorilla by accidentally activating the security lasers. As police officers arrest Drakken, Killigan, and Monkey Fist, Shego, after being visited by her future self while watching the fight, escapes with the Time Monkey into the future. Rufus 3000 then arrives and reveals to Kim that Shego is the Supreme One, not Drakken stating that he thought it was obvious to her since Shego is the only one smart enough to actually take over the world. Kim then activates the time portal and her, Ron, Rufus, and Rufus 3000 go to the future to stop her.  In the future, Shego has become dictator of the world and made everyone her slaves. Kim and Ron are captured and sent to their old high school to be brainwashed, but they are rescued by Kim\'s twin brothers Tim and Jim, along with Rufus 3000 and an army of naked mole rats. The twins take Kim and Ron to the secret headquarters of the political resistance movement, whose leader is Wade. Together, they and all of the Rufuses sneak into Shego\'s castle, where they fight their way past the villains and an army of monkeys to the room where Shego keeps the Time Monkey. After capturing Kim and her friends, Shego reveals that she separated Kim and Ron by making money in the 1990s stock-market boom, buying the company that Ron\'s mother worked for, and having her transferred to Norway, her reason being that while together, Kim and Ron actually made a decent team, but if they were apart, they couldn\'t stop her. In his anger at having to live in Norway and the destruction of his favorite nacho restaurant, Ron throws Drakken across the room. The twins break out of their chains, the pillars that hold up the palace ceiling collapse, and the Time Monkey falls to the floor and breaks, undoing all the effects of Shego\'s time travel. This causes Kim, Ron, and Rufus to float through a time portal and travel back to the first scene of the film, at the end of their first school day. At the moment when the first time disturbance occurred, a wave of time distortion washes over Kim and Ron, and when the moment has passed, the world has been restored to its original state and the two teens have lost all memory of the film\'s events, except that Ron knows he hates meat cakes, which he was forced to eat in Norway.'] ['The film starts as Buddha  and his owner Sam  are star-gazing. As a shooting star passes, Sam makes a wish that he can touch the moon. The next day is the day of Sam\'s school field trip to Vision Enterprises to watch a test launch of the Vision 1 space craft. However, since no pets are allowed to go, Sam has to leave Buddha at home. Buddha meets up with the other Buddies, Budderball , Rosebud , B-Dawg , and Mudbud , and invites them to come with him to go to see the test launch. They hide in the school bus and the bus soon arrives at the Vision Enterprises where the launch is. The dogs go to a space-suit machine and put on space-suits before following the group of students, who are being led by Dr. Finkel . The dogs get aboard the space shuttle Vision 1. At Mission Control in the Vision enterprises, Pi confirms they are ready for launch. Meanwhile, the Buddies take a close look around until they are sealed in the shuttle, which prepares for launch. Astro , who will be piloting the ship from Earth, launches the shuttle, and the shuttle flies to space. At Mission Control, the humans realize the third tank of gas in the shuttle was never fully filled. With ten hours until the gas runs out, they look for solutions. They eventually decide to pilot the space craft to the old R.R.S.S. . They contact the cosmonaut living in the space station, named Yuri , telling him to refuel the Vision 1. As Vision 1 connects to the space station, the dogs decide to explore the space station, and they meet a dog called Spudnick  who is under the care of Yuri. Spudnick explains that Yuri is quite content to stay in space, yet he wishes to go home. Yuri finds the dogs and becomes happy because the buddies can keep them company. The buddies are trapped in the kitchen, and are saved later by Spudnick. After connecting the fuel pipe to the Vision 1, the gas starts to leak from the pipes. Meanwhile, the buddies and Spudnick rush back to Vision 1 to escape. Yuri activates lock-down to trap the dogs. They manage to get to the Vision 1. Yuri tries to stop them, banging on the control switches. However, some sparks drop on the gas, causing an explosion. Spudnick and the Buddies escape from the R.R.S.S. as it explodes. Yuri barely escapes using the "Cosmo-pod escape vessel". The Vision 1 travels to the moon. Soon after, the Vision 1 approaches and lands on the moon . They soon begin to get out of the Vision 1 and walk around the area within the place they had landed. Mission Control finds that the sounds from their space helmets happen to be soft barks, and conclude they are golden retriever puppies, and this is broadcasted on the news. The children find out through the news . The buddies, while on the moon, meet a ferret named Gravity , who is the Buddies\' mission control assistant. But since their only communication is from audio, the buddies don\'t know Gravity is a ferret. Gravity orders the Buddies to get back on the Vision 1. When returning to Earth, the path is changed by the untrustworthy Dr. Finkel. The path\'s telemetry is reverted into a meteor shower. The "auto-avoidance system", takes control of the Vision 1, rotating and shifting heavily between every meteor in its path. However, the Vision 1\'s data communications antenna is busted to the right when it becomes struck by a meteor. Budderball is sent to repair the antenna by doing a space walk outside of the Vision 1. At Mission Control, the adults are puzzled about the change of the telemetry course of the Vision 1 when Sam accuses Dr. Finkel of changing the path. As Dr. Finkel denies it, Pi uses the security camera to confirm that Dr. Finkel was indeed at the desk at 7:49 PM, the time when the telemetry course was changed. As Dr. Finkel is taken away by security, Sam approaches Dr. Finkel and calls him "Dr. Stinkle." Mission Control receives Yuri\'s distress signal in the Cosmo-pod before the Vision 1 enters the atmosphere through the blackout zone. They wait 4 minutes until they arrive, but they arrive early. The Vision 1 ends it\'s mission by slowing down on the take-off strip. The Buddies find out Gravity was a ferret, and so that Budderball replies he is related to skunks. Yuri crashes his pod, and is rescued by some soldiers, telling them he comes from space. Pi awards The Buddies wings of true heroism, with their title as "Space Buddies". The Buddies review what they did . Once at home, Buddha gives Sam a moon rock he had taken from his journey, fulfilling his wish of touching the moon. The film ends with Spudnick back at home with his old owner Sasha, saying, "It is the journey and friendship that matters the most."'] ['Two clownfish, Marlin and his wife Coral are admiring their new home in the New Caledonia Barrier Reef and their clutch of eggs that are due to hatch in a few days. Suddenly, a barracuda attacks them, leaving Marlin unconscious before eating Coral and all but one of their eggs. Marlin names this egg Nemo, a name that Coral liked. The film then moves on to Nemo\'s first day of school. Nemo has a tiny right fin, due to a minor injury to his egg from the barracuda attack, which limits his swimming ability. After Marlin embarrasses Nemo during a school field trip, Nemo disobeys his father and sneaks away from the reef towards a boat, resulting in him being captured by scuba divers. As the boat sails away, one of the divers accidentally knocks his diving mask into the water. While unsuccessfully attempting to save Nemo, Marlin meets Dory, a naïve but good-hearted and optimistic Regal blue tang with short-term memory loss. While meeting three sharks on a fish-free diet, Bruce, a great white shark; Anchor, a hammerhead shark; and Chum, a mako shark, Marlin discovers the diver\'s mask that was dropped from the boat and notices an address written on it. However, when he argues with Dory and accidentally gives her a nosebleed, the scent of blood causes Bruce to lose control of himself and attempt to eat Marlin and Dory. The two escape from Bruce but the mask falls into a trench in the deep sea. During a hazardous struggle with an anglerfish in the trench, Dory realizes she is able to read the address written on the mask, which leads to Sydney, Australia, and manages to remember it. After receiving directions to Sydney from a large school of moonfish, Marlin and Dory accidentally run into a bloom of jellyfish that nearly sting them to death; Marlin falls exhausted after the risky escape and wakes up to see a surf-cultured sea turtle named Crush, who takes Dory and him on the East Australian Current. In the current, Marlin reluctantly shares the details of his journey with a group of young sea turtles; his story spreads rapidly across the ocean through word of mouth and eventually finds Nemo in Sydney. Meanwhile, Nemo\'s captor - P. Sherman, a dentist - places him into a fish tank in his office on Sydney Harbour. There, Nemo meets a group of aquarium fish called the "Tank Gang", led by a crafty and ambitious moorish idol named Gill. The "Tank Gang" includes Bloat, a puffer fish; Bubbles, a Yellow Tang; Peach, a starfish; Gurgle, a Royal gramma; Jacques, a pacific cleaner shrimp; and Deb, a Blacktailed Humbug. The fish are frightened to learn that the dentist plans to give Nemo to his niece, Darla. She is infamous for killing a goldfish given to her previously by constantly shaking the bag. In order to avoid this fate, Gill gives Nemo a role in an escape plan, which involves jamming the tank\'s filter and forcing the dentist to remove the fish from the tank to clean it manually. The fish would be placed in plastic bags, at which point they would roll out the window and into the harbor. After a friendly pelican named Nigel visits with news of Marlin\'s adventure, Nemo succeeds in jamming the filter, but the plan backfires when the dentist installs a new high-tech filter. Upon leaving the East Australian Current, Marlin and Dory become lost and are engulfed by a whale. Inside the whale\'s immense mouth, Marlin desperately tries to escape while Dory communicates with it in whale-speak. In response, the whale carries them to Sydney Harbour and expels them through his blowhole. They are met by Nigel, who recognizes Marlin from the stories he has heard and rescues him and Dory from a flock of hungry seagulls by scooping them into his beak and taking them to the dentist\'s office. By this time, Darla has arrived and the dentist is prepared to give Nemo to her. Nemo tries to play dead in hopes of saving himself, and, at the same time, Nigel arrives. Marlin sees Nemo and mistakes this act for the actual death of his son. Gill helps Nemo escape into a drain through a sink after a chaotic struggle. Overcome with despair, Marlin leaves Dory and begins to swim back home. Dory then loses her memory and becomes confused, but meets Nemo, who has reached the ocean through an underwater drainpipe. Dory\'s memory is restored after she reads the word "Sydney" on a nearby drainpipe and, remembering her journey, she guides Nemo to Marlin. After the two joyfully reunite, Dory is caught in a fishing net with a school of grouper. Nemo bravely enters the net and directs the group to swim downward to break the net, reminiscent of a similar scenario that occurred in the fish tank earlier. The fish, including Dory, succeed in breaking the net and escape. After some days, Nemo leaves for school once more and Marlin who is no longer overprotective or doubtful of his son\'s safety, proudly watches Nemo swim away into the distance. Back at the dentist\'s office, the high-tech filter breaks down and The Tank Gang have escaped into the harbor. However, they realize that they are confined to the bags of water that the dentist put them into when cleaning the tank.'] ['Roddy St. James  is a decidedly upper crust pet mouse who makes his home in a posh Kensington flat. While his owners are away on holiday Roddy plays around the house. When a common sewer rat named Sid  comes spewing out of the sink and decides to stay, especially as England are playing against Germany in the World Cup final, Roddy schemes to get rid of Sid by luring him into the "jacuzzi", which is actually the toilet. Sid isn\'t fooled however, and instead pushes Roddy in and flushes him away into the sewer. There, Roddy discovers an city resembling London made out of various bits of junk, and meets Rita Malone , an enterprising scavenger rat who works the drains in her faithful boat, the Jammy Dodger. Rita does not like Roddy initially, but ends up taking him along, while her arch enemy The Toad  sends his rat henchmen, Spike  and Whitey , after her because she had stolen back her father\'s prized ruby a long time ago. The Toad despises all rodents to the point of hateful obsession. He decides to have them frozen with liquid nitrogen inside an icemaker. The pair escape, and Rita takes a unique electrical cable. The cable is required to control the Floodgates.  Roddy finds that the ruby is a fake and breaks it in front of Rita, enraging her, for she can now not get the money she needs for her large family. Roddy offers her a real ruby if she takes him back to Kensington. Accepting the offer, the pair first stop to visit her family before setting off. During Roddy\'s stay, he overhears a conversation that causes him to think that Rita had double-crossed him, so he steals the Jammy Dodger. When Rita catches up to him, she is able to clear up the misunderstanding. The pair evade Spike and Whitey pursuing in a remote-controlled toy boat, with Thimblenose Ted and others on eggbeater jet skis. During this scene, Roddy and Rita share a quick love moment. Incensed at his minions’ repeated failures, The Toad sends for his French cousin; an infamous, if somewhat laid back, mercenary known as Le Frog . During this scene, it is revealed that The Toad was once Prince Charles\' pet, but was replaced by a pet mouse, and subsequently flushed down a toilet. Le Frog and his subordinates intercept the duo and retrieve the cable, but Roddy and Rita use a plastic bag to lift themselves out of the sewer  and get Roddy home, though the Jammy Dodger has to be sacrificed. Back home, Roddy pays Rita the promised ruby and an emerald, then proceeds to show her around his house. She at first believes he has family in the home, but noticing his cage, she realizes he\'s a pet. Roddy tries to pass Sid off as his brother, but Sid and Rita know each other, and so she doesn\'t fall for it. Rita tries to persuade Roddy to come with her, but he is too proud to admit that he is lonely. By now, they have fallen in love but have not told each other their feelings. She departs, both of them broken-hearted, but is soon captured by The Toad. Talking to Sid about half-time, Roddy pieces together The Toad\'s plan: to open the gates during halftime of the World Cup, when all the humans will most likely be using their toilets, causing a great flood and drowning the rats and their underground city in sewage. He can then use the depopulated city as a home for millions of his own tadpole offspring. He gives Sid his cushy position and has him flush him back to the sewers to find Rita and save the city. Together, they defeat The Toad and freeze the wave of sewage generated by the flushing of countless toilets during half-time with liquid nitrogen before it drowns the entire rat population. Rita and Roddy build the Jammy Dodger Mark Two and set off in her with Rita\'s entire brood. A newspaper article reveals England had lost on penalties. Rita and Roddy become boyfriend and girlfriend. Later while the credits start, Roddy\'s former owner Tabitha comes back with a new pet , which frightens Sid.'] ['The teens are aiding a wolf researcher as part of a plea bargain: they help, then their records are cleared. The intent of this film is to display the resourcefulness of young people when confronted with life threatening situations. They are also aided by the mysterious white wolf of myth and legend, who shows up to guide the way throughout the movie.'] ['{{Plot}} The film starts in the tour bus of a celebrity dog Rexxx. He is about to film a secret agent skydiving movie scene, but appears depressed and refuses. After some persuasion, he is seen on a plane and then lightning hits it, knocking Rexxx out. He lands in a truck full of tomatoes and ends up as a stray on the streets, nearly being captured by a dogcatcher. He soon meets a boy named Shane Fahey , who is ditching his science class. Because Rexxx helps to capture truant Shane, the boy hates Rexx and calls him "ugly stinking mutt," and "The Mutt from Hell". As Shane is taken to the fire station by his two friends and firefighters, Rexx stays in the basement of a textile building. Shane confronts his dad, the station captain, Captain Connor Fahey , who is currently dealing with a crisis. His station, engine 55, also known as Dogpatch, is notoriously late when dispatching and responding to fires, leading to bad publicity.  As the siren blares for yet another fire, the Dogpatch crew, engine 55, arrive last at the scene due to a faulty fire engine. Dogpatch is in competition against fire station Greenpoint who is always first to dispatch and is led by Jessie Presley. Engine 55 arrives at the fire with Shane who spots Rexxx, on the roof of the burning building. Rexxx jumps from the roof onto a trampoline held by the firefighters. Dogpatch temporarily takes the dog, who they call Dewy because of his ID tag, while Capt. Fahey orders Shane to make found dog fliers. When they return to the station, Capt. Fahey\'s friend Zachary Hayden  informs him the city manager intends to shutdown the firehouse. Fahey asks Zach to buy them time. At home, Shane makes the fliers with frustration due to Dewey, who never stands still at camera, cleans Shane\'s room, and steals Shane\'s bed. The next day, while Shane is putting up the fliers, Dewy does some special stunts with Shane\'s skateboard. Amazed, Shane brings him to the firefighter\'s picnic where there is a dog stunt competition, very similar to dog agility. After watching his friend J.J.  compete flawlessly with Greenpoint\'s female dalmatian Sparky, Shane decides to try it out. The whole crew is surprised as he effortlessly maneuvers the course, beating Sparky\'s time by several seconds. Dewy is about to win until he reaches the last obstacle, a ring with flames where he stops, apparently unwilling to jump through for fear of fire . His time runs out, and Dogpatch is still proud of Dewy and Shane, despite being taunted by Greenpoint for losing. Shane half-heartedly congratulates J.J., who informs him that "the better dog lost." With less than a week left until closing, the Dogpatch crew and Shane bond with Dewy, who happens to have a special talent for rescuing people trapped in fires. Shane asks one of Dogpatch\'s firefighters why Dogpatch is closing. He tells Shane that all the houses and buildings of the dying town have either been sold or burnt. Months earlier, his uncle and Captain of Dogpatch, Marc Fahey, had gotten killed in a saw mill fire which was suspected to be arson. While the firefighters begin to pack, Zach returns and informes them that Dogpatch does not have to close because Dewy has raised the station\'s publicity. Everyone is happy. While looking through the captain\'s office, Shane takes the sawmill mystery upon himself and examines the evidence. One of the photos is of a wrist watch, which was used to start the sawmill fire. Also, he organizes his dad\'s push pin map of fires into a map on a computer. Shane\'s dad comes home and tells him about a gala being held that evening, and then looks at Shane\'s "research" of the mystery and map. He compliments him, saying he is strong, but Shane cries and talks about Uncle Marc. He feels like a bad person because when he heard a firefighter had been missing that day, he was happy to hear his uncle had died because it wasn\'t Connor. The two bond. After heroically rescuing Jessie Presley of Greenpoint, in a tunnel fire, Dewy makes his first public debut as the Dogpatch mascot. Dogpatch then makes huge news and Dewy begins to be called "Wonderdog". The mayor decides upon keeping Dogpatch open and asks Shane to appear with Dewy at the firefighter\'s gala. Shane decides to show the audience what Dewy can do. He asks the city manager to give Shane his wrist watch, which Connor hides. Shane asks Dewy to find the watch. Instead Dewy finds his past owner Trey who had desperately searched for him all that time. After Dewy is reunited with his former owner, Shane and Connor are both exceedingly disappointed. Shane disheartedly returns to the gala and gives the watch back to the city manager Corbin Sellars, but notices it is a "BOUTINE" brand; the same brand used to start the mill fire. After following the city manager into the kitchen, he hears him plotting with another firefighter to burn their next target so the land can be used to build a football stadium. Shane rushes to the station to warn his dad who turns out to be responding to a harbor fire on a garbage barge. Dewy, who hears the sirens, jumps out of the hotel he and Trey are staying at. Dewy rushes to the fire and helps to put it out. After several failed attempts to reach his dad, Shane contacts J.J. and looks at his dad\'s city map, which displays all of the zones of buildings in the city that have either been burned or sold. To his surprise, Dogpatch is the only building left. He tells her of the scheme, they realize the fire on the garbage barge at the harbor was a decoy to occupy the firemen, and the real target is Dogpatch, the fire station. Shane hears something upstairs and hangs up on J.J. He realizes the firefighter arsonist is Zach, who set all the past fires including the mill fire, and is rigging the station. As Zach is about to leave, Shane confronts him with a fire extinguisher. They fight, but are interrupted when a huge explosion occurs, sending them to the ground. At the harbor, Dewy senses something going on at the station. He dashes all the way to Dogpatch and sees Zach about to leave. He forces him into a phone booth. Dewy then spots Shane who was unconscious and wakes him up. Dogpatch arrives first on the scene and breaks through the garage door. Zach is first to be rescued. Shane, with Dewy, frantically tries to escape, but the only exit left is the kitchen. He gets to the kitchen, but the door is sealed shut. Finally, with his father\'s help, he manages to break through. His dad ushers a choking Shane out of the building, Dewy in the lead. As his dad puts an oxygen mask on him, Shane gasps Zach Hayden set all of the fires, including the one that killed his uncle. Hayden is quickly turned over to the police. Corbin Sellars\'s scam is revealed to the news and the Dogpatch crew members each receive a medal of honor. They also renovate the station and receive a dreamed-of 900&nbsp;hp. Chrysler Hemi engine for their firetruck. Trey reclaims Dewy, but changes his mind; saying after Dewy had been a real hero, he\'d never be happy acting like one. Trey hands Dewy over to Shane, and Shane and the fire station crew are happy. The movie ends with Engine 55 going to yet another fire, with Dewy tagging along.'] ["Skip Robinson is a construction worker who lives with his family in Los Angeles, California. They are tired of it and decides to move to the mountains with no plans to return due to the smog and congestion. After building their own cabin, they settle in to find out that their environment isn't always as peaceful as it may appear. A pack of wolves, an angry lioness, and a locally notorious grizzly bear harass the Robinsons, in their otherwise happy new home."] ['Three plastic toys named Cowboy, Indian and Horse share a house in a rural town. Cowboy and Indian plan to surprise Horse with a homemade barbecue for his birthday. However, they accidentally order 50 million bricks, instead of the 50 they actually require. This sets off a chain of events as the trio travel to the center of the earth, trek across frozen tundra and discover a parallel underwater universe of pointy-headed  creatures.'] ['This is a movie about a marine biologist, Mary Beth, who is a single parent and leads a hectic life with her two impossible daughters, Judith and Nora. She, along with her research partner Becky, are trying to study and save a beautiful dolphin named Roxanne. Living next door to Mary Beth is Terry, a single dad and musician, who is the ineffective owner of Zeus, as well as being pretty inept at fathering--it looks in the beginning of the movie as if Jordan is taking care of him. After giving Mary Beth a terribly unfortunate morning by chasing her cat and wrecking her outdoor garden, Zeus proceeds to stow away on one of Mary Beth\'s boat trips, which really annoys Mary Beth. However, she suddenly turns the boat to follow the dolphin, and Zeus slips off the boat and into a pod of sharks. This is when she finds out that the dog and the dolphin can do "interspecies communication" as Roxanne saves Zeus\' life and actually gives him a ride back to the boat on her back. Of course, as a scientist, she is intrigued and curious. Claude, Mary Beth\'s partner, is a cold-hearted researcher who sees the dolphins as objects, not living beings. He is most interested in making a great deal of money through research grants, and in trying to flirt with Mary Beth, although he does not care for her but only wants to co-opt her skill and talent and defeat her own attempts to re-integrate Roxanne back into the ocean environment--he wants grant money to come to his research, not hers. However, Mary Beth is going to be otherwise occupied on both the professional and romantic fronts. She is working with Roxanne and Zeus to understand their interspecies communication, in order to re-introduce Roxanne, a "research dolphin", back into the wild. She studies Roxanne\'s interaction with Zeus, and knows that both animals actually have feelings for one another, which makes her far more inclined to see them as beings with personalities. Through the conniving of their respective children, to make things even more complicated, Mary Beth and Terry end up going out, and she learns to be a little less uptight and a bit more understanding of the unexpected. However, things get tense when Claude kidnaps Roxanne, planning to kill the dolphin to frustrate Mary Beth\'s plans, and has Zeus along in the process, to the dog\'s endangerment. In the end, it\'s a race to save the dolphin and Zeus, and in the dramatic conclusion, Mary Beth and Terry find they have far more in common than pets and kids.'] ["Eleven-year-old Napoleon  lives with his grandfather . He and his grandfather adopt a lion named Major when by chance they meet an old clown who cannot take him back to Europe. The old lion has bad teeth and only drinks milk so they put Major in the chicken cage to look after him. When Napoleon's grandfather dies of old age, Napoleon asks a young grad student named Danny  to help bury his grandfather. Uncertain about his future Napoleon runs off with the lion, a pet rooster, and his friend Samantha  to try to find Danny, now a goat herder who lives in the mountains, and so Napoleon can avoid being sent to an orphanage. Along their way, the two children encounter many dangers. Napoleon nearly falls off a cliff, but Major manages to pull him up with a rope. They have to cross a river which Major does not like, being a cat who's afraid of water. The rooster is chased by a mountain lion but soon the tables are turned and the cougar is chased up a tree by Major. While Napoleon is out looking for wood he comes across an angry bear that chases him back to where Samantha is resting with Major. At first, Major is too tired and wants to sleep while Samantha desperately tries to wake him. But as soon as the lion hears the roar of the bear and stands up to challenge his opponent. The two beasts fight hard but the lion easily defeats the bear and chases him away. Eventually the children find Danny's cabin and he takes them in with the hope of convincing Napoleon that orphanages really aren't that bad. Danny leaves the kids with a man he recently met and attempts to find Samantha's family to notify them but he is arrested and accused of kidnapping the children. While at the police station, Danny notices a photo of the man he left the kids with, who happens to be a dangerous psychopath and escapes to rescue them. He steals a motorcycle and the police chase him all the way back to his cabin where they find and arrest the wanted man. When things are back to normal, Napoleon takes Major and tries to run away again to live with the Indians but Danny catches up. Danny explains that the Indians don't really live out in the wild anymore and that Napoleon should give foster care a try with a promise that Major could stay in the mountains and live with him. Napoleon agrees and they go back to Danny's cabin. Major  was a film veteran, having appeared in Tarzan movies with Mike Henry and the television series with Ron Ely, as well as being used as the MGM logo's Leo the Lion since 1957."] [' Kermit the Frog enjoys a relaxing afternoon in a Florida swamp, singing "Rainbow Connection" and strumming his banjo, when he is approached by an agent who encourages Kermit to pursue a career in show business. Inspired by the idea of "making millions of people happy," Kermit sets off on a cross-country trip to Hollywood, but is soon pursued by the villainous Doc Hopper and his shy assistant Max in an attempt to convince Kermit to be the new spokesman of his struggling French-fried frog legs restaurant franchise, at which Kermit is horrified. As Kermit continues to spurn Doc\'s advances, Hopper resorts to increasingly vicious means of persuasion. Kermit then meets Fozzie Bear, who had been working as a hapless stand-up comedian in a sleazy bar. Kermit invites Fozzie to accompany him, and the two set out in Fozzie’s Studebaker. The duo’s journey includes misadventures which introduce them to a variety of eccentric human and Muppet characters, including Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem and their manager Scooter , Gonzo and Camilla the Chicken, Sweetums , and the immediately love stricken Miss Piggy. Kermit and Miss Piggy begin a relationship over dinner that night, when Doc Hopper and Max kidnap Miss Piggy to lure Kermit into a trap. Using an electronic cerebrectomy device, mad scientist Professor Krassman , brainwashes Kermit to perform in Doc’s commercials until Miss Piggy, insulted by the Krassman, breaks free in a rage and defeats Doc Hopper\'s henchmen. After receiving a job offer, however, she promptly abandons Kermit in the restaurant alone and sad. After being joined by Rowlf the Dog, and eventually Miss Piggy once more, the Muppets continue their journey. Their car breaks down and during a campfire that night, they sadly consider that they may miss the audition tomorrow, and Gonzo cheers up most of the group with a song about his longing to find his place in the world, while Kermit wanders off, ashamed of himself for seemingly bringing his friends into a dead end, and wondering whether his dreams were really worth leaving home for. Upon consulting a more optimistic vision of himself, Kermit remembers that it was not just his friends\' belief in the dream that brought them this far, but also his own faith in himself. Reinvigorated, he returns to camp to find that the Electric Mayhem have read the script in advance, and arrived to help them the rest of the way. Just as it seems they are finally on their way, the group is warned by Max that Doc Hopper has hired an assassin to kill Kermi. Kermit decides he will not be hunted by a bully any longer and proposes a Western-style showdown in a nearby ghost town inhabited by Dr. Bunsen Honeydew and his assistant Beaker, who invent materials that have yet to be tested. While confronting Hopper, Kermit explains his motivations, attempting to appeal to Hopper’s own hopes and dreams, but Hopper is unmoved and orders his henchmen to kill him and all his friends. They are saved only when one of Dr. Bunsen\'s inventions, "insta-grow" pills, temporarily turns Animal into a giant, scaring off Hopper and his men. The Muppets proceed to Hollywood, and are hired by producer and studio executive Lew Lord . The Muppets attempt to make their first movie; a surreal pastiche of their experiences. The first take suddenly erupts into a catastophic explosion that makes a hole in the roof, through which a portion of rainbow shines through on the Muppets. The film ends as the Muppets, the characters from Sesame Street, the characters from Emmet Otter\'s Jug-Band Christmas, and the characters from "The Land of Gorch" segment of Saturday Night Live sing "Rainbow Connection." As the movie ends, Sweetums bursts through the screen having finally caught up with the rest of the Muppets.'] ['Huckleberry Finn , the half-literate son of a drunk , runs away from home and follows the Mississippi River with an escaped slave named Jim . Along the way, the duo encounter adventures with colorful characters like The King  and the Duke , two con men who impersonate British visitors in order to swindle three sisters  out of their fortune. Jim also re-educates Huck away from the racist views that he has grown up with.'] ['The children live in the Bleak Hill boarding school, where they are yelled at, punished, and browbeaten by the ghastly old headmistress. The day begins with the headmistress waking the boys up and telling them to get their chores done or they will get a beating and nothing to eat. In school, however, they are taught by the headmistress\'s husband, the gentle and lovable Old Cap, who runs the school in an informal manner. Cap wants to do something nice for the children, since their school meals usually consist of mush and milk. Just as the headmistress leaves the boys\' sleeping quarters Old Cap comes in to say hi to them. At that time, he promises that when he gets his back pension they will all leave that place and live well with tons of presents for the children. After the boys are up the headmistress tells the boys to milk the cow and that they will be thrashed if they spill any. They spill the milk and use plaster of paris to substitute the milk. They warn the other classmates, by passing a message at the breakfast table. Stymie warns his neighbor to not drink the milk. This message is passed in this manner around all the breakfast tables. Then Spanky innocently warns the headmistress to not drink the milk, who in turn, scolds the children and demands that milk be put on their oatmeal without issue and eaten immediately. This results in the forming of a hardened plaster mix in their bowls, and leaves them banging their spoons against the "spoiled" mush and milk, in a futile attempt to do as they are told.  Then after an amusing class session of foolish answers, Cap allows them an impromptu talent show. The kids do a dance, Spanky speaks a poem, Stymie plays a harmonica, and Tommy belts out a scowling rendition of "Just Friends ", replete with adult-oriented lyrics. During class, the phone rings and is answered by Spanky. The call is from Mr. Brown at the bank and the two engage in one of the funniest scenes in the series. Then the phone call brings news that Cap\'s back pension has finally arrived. Ecstatic, Cap treats the children to toys, a day at an amusement pier, and a meal at a fancy restaurant. They decide to order an exotic-sounding French dessert, which turns out to be mush and milk, which is thrown at the waiter. {{clear}}'] [' Kiki is a 13-year-old witch-in-training, living in a village where her mother is the resident herbalist. It is traditional for witches to live for a year alone when they reach 13 years of age. In the opening of the story, Kiki takes off for the big city with her best friend Jiji, a loquacious black cat.  Kiki settles in Koriko, a port city. After a hard start, mostly because of her own insecurity, Kiki finds friends and a place to stay. But she has only one witch\'s skill: her ability to fly on a broom, at which she is still not fully proficient. So, in order to support herself, she begins a delivery service. Kiki experiences setbacks, and she must contend with adolescent worries. She is pursued by Tombo, a local boy crazy about aviation who has developed a genuine respect for her flying power and a strong liking for Kiki as a girl in general. Kiki eventually warms up to him, but after an unpleasant encounter with Tombo\'s friends, some of whom she had met earlier under unfavorable circumstances, Kiki\'s powers to fly and speak with Jiji suddenly diminish and ultimately disappear, leaving her devastated. However, one of her friends, a young painter named Ursula, invites her to stay in her forest cottage, where she analyzes Kiki\'s current crisis as "some form of artist\'s block." Since many things had not gone as hoped for, Kiki is experiencing such a period, which resulted in the loss of her powers; but if she finds a new purpose, she will be able to reclaim what she has lost. Heartened, Kiki returns to the city. While visiting one of her customers, she witnesses an accident on the television. A strong and sudden gust of wind blows in the area. Tombo is lifted into the air and blown away hanging from a dirigible. In her desperation to save him, Kiki pushes herself to regain her flying ability. Improvising with a street-sweeper\'s push broom, Kiki reactivates her power and rescues Tombo. During the credits, Kiki is now comfortably part of the life in Koriko as its own local celebrity and flying in formation with Tombo on his human-powered aircraft, a propeller-rigged bicycle and Osono gives birth to her first child. Kiki sends a letter to her parents about gaining confidence through difficulties and that she has decided to make this city her new home.'] ["The film, which has a music score but almost no dialogue, tells of Pascal , who, on his way to school one morning, discovers a large helium-filled red balloon. As Pascal plays with his new found toy, he realizes the balloon has a mind and will of its own. It begins to follow him wherever he goes, at times floating outside his bedroom window as Pascal's mother will not allow it in their apartment. The red balloon follows Pascal through the streets of Paris, and the pair draw inquisitive looks from adults and the envy of other children as they wander the streets. At one point the balloon enters Pascal's classroom, causing an uproar from the other pupils. The noise alerts the principal, who becomes angry with Pascal and locks him up in his office until school is over. At another, Pascal and his balloon encounter a little girl  with a blue balloon that also seems to have a mind of its own. In their wanderings around the neighborhood, Pascal and the balloon encounter a gang of bullies, who are envious of his balloon, and they soon destroy his new friend. The film ends as the other balloons in Paris come to Pascal's aid and take him on a cluster balloon ride over the city as the narrator states that other balloons took Pascal up to a magical world where balloons and children can be friends forever."] ['A respected zoology professor  who is obsessed with proving that reindeer can actually fly meets up with the real Santa Claus .'] ["{{expand section}} Scooby and Shaggy are hired as royal food-tasters by a young Caliph - a job offer they can't refuse. When they eat everything, the Caliph gets mad and has his guards chase them, until he finds Shaggy disguised as a harem girl. Hoping to make the prince fall asleep, Shaggy tells him two classic stories * The first tale is about a female character named Aliyah-Din and how the genies  help her obtain the love of a prince while thwarting the plot of the evil vizier Haman. * The second and final tale is about Sinbad the Sailor  and how he mistakens a pirate ship for a cruise ship, the latter being a running gag throughout the story. Before Shaggy can escape, the Caliph decides to start the ceremony right away. When the wedding cake arrives, Shaggy pigs out and his ruse is discovered. He and Scooby are asked to be the royal storytellers, and the duo accept as well as being the royal food tasters again."] ['{{plot}} Misha Belenkoff  is a Russian immigrant, who was a former literature teacher in Russia, and he is living in America and working as a janitor  at an animal-testing lab in California. One day, he cleans up the cages and he encounters Paulie , a blue-crowned conure who astonishingly speaks to him in perfect English. But Paulie doesn\'t talk when Misha brings witnesses. Misha persuades Paulie to tell him his life story with pieces of mango. Paulie tells him about his real owner, a little girl named Marie Alweather , and how he was given to her by her grandfather. Marie has a speech problem for she stutters, but is delighted when playing with Paulie. Marie\'s father, Warren , is a soldier and away from home, while her mother, Lila , is at home, and she is an only child. Eventually, Warren does return home to New Jersey. He is happy to see Marie for the first time in a long time, but is startled to see her stutter. When Warren and Lila send her to speech therapy, Marie successfully overcomes her stutter because of Paulie, who learns speech during the therapy. However, Paulie only speaks around Marie. As the months pass, Marie makes no friends and Warren grows concerned about this. He is also concerned that Marie may be spending too much time with Paulie, and not socializing with other children her age. That night, Marie takes Paulie to her house\'s roof and attempts to teach him to fly in case they separate. Unfortunately, she trips and falls off the roof, injuring herself. After this traumatic event, Warren sends Paulie away from home. Paulie is passed from one owner to another, eventually ending up in a pawn shop back in New Jersey, where he spends his time insulting the customers—including one named Benny —and the pawnbroker, Artie , until he is purchased by a widowed artist named Ivy . She befriends him, teaches him manners and agrees to take him to find Marie, who has moved across the country to Los Angeles. Their mission comes to a premature end as Ivy loses her eyesight. Paulie remains as Ivy\'s eyes until she eventually passes away. Afterward he finally learns to fly and continues his journey alone, journeying first to the Grand Canyon to watch the sunrise as Ivy had always wished to see. In East Los Angeles, Paulie joins a group of performing conures owned by Ignacio , but he\'s kidnapped by Benny, who recognized Paulie from the pawn shop, and begins a life of crime. In a botched jewel theft, Paulie flies down through a chimney of a house but becomes trapped inside and abandoned. Paulie is then brought to the institute, his current home, where employees and scientists, led by Dr. Reingold , are stunned by his intelligence. They put Paulie through tests and promise that he will be reunited with Marie. When Paulie discovers that the institute has lied to him, he refuses to cooperate with any more tests. Paulie\'s wings are clipped so he cannot fly anymore, and he is imprisoned in the basement, forgotten. Moved by Paulie\'s story, Misha decides to give up his menial job to release Paulie and take him to Marie. Misha brings cutters and manages to get Paulie out of his cage. He also sneaks in the Dr. Reingold\'s office and finds Marie\'s address, and Reingold encounters him, but Misha quits, and also releases all the animals in the Institute and sneaks out with Paulie. After escaping from the Institute, they find Marie, who is now a fully grown, beautiful young woman , but who is unrecognizable to Paulie. After a moment of confusion, they are then reunited. Marie invites Misha into her house but Misha says he should go and that she and Paulie must have lots to talk about. Paulie then joins in, saying that he should stay, but Misha still tries to go. Paulie then points out that Marie had "flowers in her hair" and probably had "books on the table", a reference to what Misha said would be his dream girl earlier in the film, Marie says that she would like it a lot if Misha could come inside, and Misha admits that he would also like to come inside. The three go inside and the credits begin to roll.'] ['The film is based on three stories found in the Milne books. Two stories are from Winnie-the-Pooh: "In Which Eeyore Loses a Tail and Pooh Finds One" and "In Which Piglet Meets a Heffalump". The other story is found in The House at Pooh Corner: "In Which Rabbit Has a Busy Day and We Learn What Christopher Robin Does in the Mornings". Some elements, such as the gang thinking that Christopher Robin has been captured by a monster, are based on events from the film Pooh\'s Grand Adventure: The Search for Christopher Robin. Pooh wakes up one day to find that he is out of honey. While out searching for more, Pooh discovers that Eeyore has lost his tail. Pooh, Tigger, Rabbit, Owl, Kanga, and Roo come to the rescue, and Christopher Robin decides to hold a contest to see who can find a replacement for Eeyore\'s tail. The prize for the winner is a fresh pot of honey. After many failed attempts for what would replace Eeyore\'s tail , Kanga suggests they use a scarf, but it unravels. The next day, Pooh goes to visit Christopher Robin and he finds a note that says "Gon Out Bizy Back Soon". Because Pooh is unable to read the note, he asks for Owl\'s help. Owl\'s poor reading comprehension skills lead Pooh and his friends to believe that Christopher Robin has been abducted by a ruthless and mischievous monster they call the "Backson". Rabbit plans to trap the Backson in a pit, which they think he\'ll fall into after following a trail of items leading to it. Meanwhile, Tigger, wanting a sidekick to help him defeat the Backson, recruits Eeyore to be a second Tigger. He dresses up like the Backson and tries to teach Eeyore how to fight. Eeyore, who is doing this against his will, escapes from Tigger and hides underwater. After a failed attempt to get honey from a bee hive, Pooh\'s imagination combined with his hunger get the better of him, and accidentally falls into the pit meant for the Backson. Rabbit, Kanga, Roo, Owl and Eeyore  try to get him out, but fall in themselves. Piglet attempts to get Pooh and friends out of the trap , but he runs into Tigger, still in his Backson outfit, and mistakes him for the actual monster. Piglet escapes from Tigger on a red balloon, which knocks some of the storybook\'s letters into the pit. After the chase, Tigger and Piglet fall into the trap as well, where Eeyore reminds Tigger that he, being "the only one", is "the most wonderful thing about Tiggers". Eventually, Pooh figures out to use the fallen letters to form a ladder, and the animals are able to escape the pit. They soon find Christopher Robin, and tell him about the Backson, but he clarifies, saying he meant to be "back soon". Later, Pooh visits Owl only to find that Owl was the one that took Eeyore\'s tail, not realizing it belonged to Eeyore. Owl had been using Eeyore\'s tail as a bell pulley for his door. Pooh chooses to leave and return the tail to Eeyore instead of sharing a pot of honey with Owl. Christopher Robin is proud of Pooh\'s kindness and rewards him with a large pot of honey. In a post-credits scene, it is revealed that the rumored Backson actually exists deep in the woods, but is much friendlier than imagined. He discovers the trail of objects that the animals left, and picks up each one, planning to return them to whoever owns them. He ends up falling into the pit that was originally meant for him and waits for someone to arrive and help him out. He adds, "I sure hope that fellow will be back soon".'] [' "Supers"—humans gifted with superpowers—were once seen as heroes, but collateral damage from their various good deeds led the government to create a "Supers Relocation Program", forcing the Supers to fit in among the civilians and not use their superpowers. Bob and Helen Parr, who are Supers, have married and now have three children, Violet, Dash, and Jack-Jack in the suburbs of Metroville. Violet and Dash have innate superpowers, but the toddler Jack-Jack has yet to show any. Bob, stuck in a white-collar job at an insurance agency, reminisces of his former days as Mr. Incredible, and sneaks out on Wednesday nights with his Super friend, Lucius Best  to fight street crime. One day, Bob loses his temper with his boss who refuses to let Bob help a mugging victim just outside the building, which results in Bob revealing his super strength and losing his job. While trying to figure out what to tell Helen, he finds a message from a woman named "Mirage", who asks for Mr. Incredible\'s help to stop a rogue robot on a distant island for a lucrative reward. Bob, claiming to Helen that he is going on a business trip, takes up Mirage\'s offer, and successfully defeats the powerful Omnidroid . On his return to Metroville, Bob spends his days working out and getting back into shape. He takes his super suit, torn in the battle with the Omnidroid, to Edna Mode, the fashion designer to the Supers, and asks her to repair it. She does so, and also insists on creating a new, better super suit for him. She refuses his request to add a cape, though, highlighting how this accessory has doomed several other Supers before him by getting caught on things. Mirage soon contacts Bob with another job on the same island. On arriving, he finds the Omnidroid , rebuilt and reprogrammed to be stronger than before. While trapped by the robot, he meets its creator, the technology-savvy villain Syndrome. Bob recognizes him as a young fan, Buddy Pine, who as a teenager wanted to be Mr. Incredible\'s sidekick IncrediBoy but was turned down, due to Bob preferring to work alone 15 years ago. Syndrome has vowed revenge for this shunning, and sets the Omnidroid to kill Bob. Bob fakes his death and hides from the robot, discovering the body of a former Super, Gazerbeam. His curiosity piqued, he breaks into Syndrome\'s base and finds a computer, which outlines Syndrome\'s obsessive work in tracking down former Supers to lure them into fighting the Omnidroid, and using the results of those fatal battles to improve each incarnation of the machine. Bob is relieved to discover that Helen and his children are not yet identified in Syndrome\'s database, and learns that a final design of the Omnidroid  will be launched toward Metroville, seemingly to destroy it. Meanwhile, Helen has become suspicious of Bob having an affair. After discovering Bob\'s repaired super-suit, she talks to Edna and learns she created new suits for the entire Parr family, each outfitted with a tracking device. Helen triggers Bob\'s, identifying the remote island but inadvertently revealing Bob\'s presence to Syndrome\'s headquarters and causing him to be captured. Helen borrows a private jet from an old friend and travels to the island. Midway she learns that Violet and Dash have stowed away while leaving Jack-Jack at home with a babysitter. As they near the island, Syndrome shoots down the jet, but Helen and the children safely make it ashore. Though Helen rescues Bob and regroups with Violet and Dash as they outrun Syndrome\'s guards, they are soon captured by Syndrome, who identifies all of them as a family of Supers. With the Parrs contained, Syndrome explains that he will launch the newly perfected Omnidroid to Metroville, sending the city into chaos, upon which he will appear and, using a control band, "subdue" the robot and become the city\'s hero. Syndrome launches the Omnidroid on a rocket and follows in his aircraft. After his departure, Violet escapes and helps to free the rest of the family, and with Mirage\'s help, they board a second rocket bound for the city. In Metroville, the Omnidroid starts a path of destruction, and Syndrome enacts his plan, stopping the robot resulting in the people\'s cheers. The Omnidroid observes the remote-control band and fires it off Syndrome\'s arm, sending the villain scurrying away while the robot continues to wreck the city. The combined abilities of the Parrs and Lucius are able to best and destroy the robot, and the city welcomes them back as heroes. As they are driven back to their home, Helen anxiously calls the babysitter and learns that Syndrome has abducted Jack-Jack. When they arrive at home, Syndrome is taking the toddler to his jet, planning to raise the boy to fight against the Supers in the future. As Bob and Helen launch a rescue attempt, Jack-Jack reveals his powers of transformation and fire-creation, forcing Syndrome to drop him into Helen\'s waiting arms. Syndrome tries to escape, but due to Bob\'s intervening, his cape is caught in the suction of his aircraft\'s engine, which kills him. The ruined plane crashes into the Parrs\' home, but Violet is able to protect the family from harm. Three months later, the Parrs have re-adjusted to normal life, but when a new villain, the Underminer, appears, the Parrs put on their masks, ready to battle the new foe.'] ['During the early Victorian period, in the town of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh, England, Irishman Matthew Mugg  takes his young friend Tommy Stubbins ([[William Dix  to visit eccentric Doctor John Dolittle. It is Matthew\'s wish that the Doctor tend to an injured duck Tommy has found and upon arrival, Tommy finds that Dolittle, a former people\'s physician, lives with a houseful of animals - pigs, sheep, goats, ducks, horses, cows, a chimpanzee named Chee-Chee , a dog named Jip, and a talking parrot named Polynesia  among them. The night is stormy, so Tommy and Matthew stay with Dolittle. He tells them the story of how he learned to speak animal languages, 497 to be exact. He was once a doctor, but he preferred animals to people. He kept a menagerie, which was causing havoc and losing him patients. A casual comment by Polynesia revealed that animals can talk to each other, prompting Dolittle to study the languages of the animals so that he could become an animal doctor instead. The following day, a short sighted horse named Tubble seeks Dolittle\'s assistance, but the horse\'s owner - General Bellowes  - takes offence to Dolittle\'s notions of talking animals. Bellowes\' niece Emma Fairfax  chides Dolittle for his irresponsibility and rudeness to her uncle. Dr. Dolittle is unmoved, however, and she storms off in a huff. For Matthew, by contrast, it is love at first sight. He nicknames her Fred on the spot, due to her wishing she were a man, with the power to punish Dr. Dolittle, and when she has gone, he admits he finds her attractive. Long Arrow, a friend of Dolittle\'s, sends him the rare two-headed Pushmi-pullyu, a creature that looks like a llama with a head on each end of its body, from Tibet. Matthew, Tommy and Dolittle take the creature to a nearby circus, run by the lovable yet greedy Albert Blossom , who makes the Pushmi-Pullyu the star attraction. Meanwhile, the doctor befriends a circus seal named Sophie who longs to return to her husband. He disguises her in women\'s clothing, sneaks her away, and throws her into the ocean from some cliffs. However, two fishermen mistake the seal for a woman, and haul Doctor Dolittle off to court. Dolittle is horrified to learn that General Bellowes is the judge. Dolittle proves he can converse with animals, but the judge and jury agree that Dr. Dolittle belongs in a lunatic asylum. Dolittle\'s friends break him out of prison, and he, Matthew, Tommy, Polynesia, Chee-Chee and Jip take the doctor\'s ship, the Flounder, out onto the ocean to search for the legendary Great Pink Sea Snail. Emma sneaks aboard as well. After sticking a hatpin at random into an atlas to determine their destination, they set their course for Sea-Star Island, a floating island. The ship is torn apart during a fierce storm, but everyone makes it to what turns out to be Sea-Star Island. Emma has arrived ahead of them, and when she and Dr. Dolittle are alone briefly, they admit they have grown to like each other. There is implication Emma has begun to fall in love with him, though the doctor simply respects her cleverness. The party is met by the natives, who are highly educated and cultured due to all the flotsam and jetsam that have floated ashore from shipwrecks over the centuries; their leader is William Shakespeare the Tenth . Sea-Star Island is endangered by climate changes due to its drifting further north than usual into colder waters. When Dolittle persuades a friendly whale to help push the island south, a balancing rock is shaken into fire mountain and the party are sentenced to "the death of ten thousand screams." However, when the whale pushes the island so that it rejoins the mainland, the doctor and his friends are freed. While treating the animals on the island, Dolittle encounters a surprise patient - the Great Pink Sea Snail itself, who has caught a severe cold. Dolittle cures him and discovers that the snail\'s shell is watertight and can carry passengers. Dolittle sends Matthew, Tommy, Emma, Polynesia, Chee-Chee, and Jip back to England with the snail. Emma finally admits her feelings for the Doctor, and kisses him goodbye. She expresses a wish to stay on the island with him, but the Doctor is adamant that a relationship would never work, though he does wish to stay in touch. Doctor Dolittle himself cannot go back, since he is still a wanted man; furthermore, he wishes to investigate the natives\' stories of the Giant Lunar Moth. As his friends leave, however, Dolittle finds he is not so impervious to feelings as he thought. Dolittle is still living amongst the tribe when Sophie the seal turns up, accompanied by her husband, with a message: the animals of England have gone on strike without him, the people have changed their views towards him, and even Bellowes has agreed to pardon him if he returns home. Dolittle and the tribesfolk then construct a saddle for the Giant Lunar Moth, and he flies back to England.'] ['Fourteen-year-old Terry Bowen  travels from the US to India to meet his father Hugh Bowen  for the very first time. After a dispute with his father, Terry runs away and is befriended by Raji. Together, Terry and Raji have many adventures in the jungles of India. The cultural and religious differences between American Christian Terry and Indian Hindu Raji add to the conflicts in the plot, but together the two boys overcome their differences to survive and to deliver Maya  and her calf to a far away temple.'] ['Lily is forced to leave California with her parents and brother to Nepal. Being unimpressed with the country\'s culture and scenery, Lily braces herself for sheer boredom. Until she meets a mysterious Sherpa named Joharv who she falls in love with. Joharv leads Lily as well as her brother and her anthropologist father to search for the legendary invisible "City that Never Was" against the backdrop of the Himalayas.'] ["It's been two years since Jesse saved and freed his orca friend, Willy and has since been adopted by his foster parents, Glen and Annie Greenwood. Jesse, now a hardy and responsible teenager, has an eye for girls, and he and his parents are preparing to go on a family camping trip to the Pacific Northwest. Before they leave town, however, Dwight, Jesse's former social worker, shows up to inform them that Jesse's birth mother, who abandoned him 8 years ago, was found in New York City, but has died and that she has left behind her other son, Jesse's half-brother named Elvis. Elvis is sulky, overly talkative, and mischievous, and he is also prone to telling lies and easily gets on Jesse's nerves. He is invited on their trip to San Juan Island so that he and Jesse might get to know one another. At the environmental institute there, Jesse reunites with his old Native American friend Randolph Johnson  whom Jesse met at the aquatic park when he met Willy and quickly becomes smitten with Randolph's attractive and kindly goddaughter, Nadine , but is reluctant to romantically approach her out of concern for his friendship with Randolph. Meanwhile, resentment and disrespect from the petulant Elvis continues to be a problem for him. Mindful of both frustrations, Randolph proceeds to tell Jesse the legend of Natsilane and gives him a carved orca pendant on a necklace to remind him of the power of his special connection to Willy. Jesse cautiously begins to show his interest in Nadine, also, and as the awkward teenagers grow closer, Jesse helps Nadine befriend Willy and his orca siblings, Luna and Little Spot, in part using amateur synchronized swimming. As they continue to enjoy their camping trip, notwithstanding more angst from Elvis regarding his unhappy childhood, an oil tanker runs aground and spills oil into the ocean, trapping the three young whales in a small cove. When word gets out that the whales are trapped and Luna is dying from the oil in her lungs, the president of the oil company  arrives and announces a great plan to move the whales into captivity where they can recover from their injuries. His real plan, however, is to sell the whales to marine mammal parks and have them perform in shows. Jesse, Nadine and Elvis get the whales away from the cove by stealing the boat belonging to Glen and leading them out of the cove to safety, but then they are not able to save themselves when the tanker explodes and the crude oil in the water catches fire. Their boat hits a rock and starts to sink, while Glen, Annie, and Randolph set out to find them in Randolph's boat and radio for help. Nadine and Elvis are lifted into a rescue helicopter summoned by Randolph's distress signals, but Jesse slips out of the harness when reaching for the rescuer's hand and crashes into the water below. Nadine and Elvis scream for Jesse and beg the helicopter to go back down, but the thick black smoke billowing up from the flaming oil begins to choke the chopper's engine, forcing the pilot to fly the chopper away. Jesse surfaces as the chopper leaves, but is unable to stay above water. He goes back underwater and sees Willy swimming towards him. Jesse grabs onto Willy's dorsal fin and Willy brings Jesse back up to the surface. Although they are trapped in the middle of the flames, Willy dives deep and is able to swim underneath, taking Jesse with him. Once they surface, they come upon Randolph's boat. Glen and Annie pull Jesse aboard and they thank Willy for saving his life. Willy does not want to leave, but Jesse tells him he's okay so he can go. Willy still does not budge and Jesse looks to Randolph for help who gives him a signal. Jesse understands what it means and pets Willy one last time before giving him a signal to swim away. Willy does and is later reunited with his family again. Later, the rescue workers bring Nadine and Elvis to the boat where they are happy to see Jesse alive. Jesse and Nadine happily hug and then Jesse acknowledges Elvis, who hands him a battered, folded up picture of Jesse and their mother. Jesse is stunned, and Elvis tells him that he had ripped up the picture out of anger, but then later had taped it back together for him. Elvis starts to cry as he tells Jesse that their mother always felt bad about abandoning Jesse and that she always talked about him, something Jesse never knew. He thanks Elvis for the picture and for finally allowing him to put the past behind him, and hugs Elvis. As they are hugging, Elvis tells him that their mother did love him. When they part, Elvis asks where Willy, Little Spot, and Luna are, and Jesse tells him that they are reunited with their mother again. Elvis asks him how he knows that and Jesse grasps the orca necklace Randolph gave him and tells him that he knows. Jesse, embracing the mission of Natsilane, then starts whispering the prayer Randolph taught him two years before as the screen fades in on Willy and his family swimming and jumping in the sea."] ['{{right}} In 1958, the Kusakabe family reunites when a university professor and his two daughters, Satsuki and Mei  move into an old house in rural Japan to be closer to the hospital where their mother is recovering from an unnamed, long-term illness. The daughters find that the house is inhabited by tiny animated dust creatures called susuwatari — small, dark, dust-like house spirits seen when moving from light to dark places. When the girls become comfortable in their new house and laugh with their father, the soot spirits  leave the house to drift away on the wind. It is implied that they are going to find another empty house--their natural habitat. While she is playing outside one day, Mei sees two white, rabbit-like ears in the grass. She follows the ears under the house where she discovers two small magical creatures , who lead her through a briar patch and into the hollow of a large camphor tree. She meets and befriends a larger version of the same kind of spirit , which identifies itself by a series of roars that she interprets as "Totoro" (in the original Japanese [[Dubbing .{{cite web}} She falls asleep atop the large totoro, but when Satsuki finds her, she is on the ground in a dense briar clearing. Despite her many attempts, Mei is unable to show her family Totoro\'s tree. Her father comforts her by telling her that this is the "keeper of the forest," and that Totoro will reveal himself when he wants to. One rainy night, the girls are waiting for their father\'s bus and grow worried when he does not arrive on the bus they expect him on. As they wait, Mei eventually falls asleep on Satsuki\'s back and Totoro appears beside them, allowing Satsuki to see him for the first time. He only has a leaf on his head for protection against the rain, so Satsuki offers him the umbrella she had taken along for her father. Totoro is delighted at both the shelter and the sounds made upon it by falling raindrops. In return, he gives her a bundle of nuts and seeds. A bus-shaped giant cat halts at the stop, and Totoro boards it, taking the umbrella. Shortly after, their father’s bus arrives. The girls plant the seeds. A few days later, they awaken at midnight to find Totoro and his two miniature colleagues engaged in a ceremonial dance around the planted nuts and seeds. The girls join in, whereupon the seeds sprout, and then grow and combine into an enormous tree. Totoro takes his colleagues and the girls for a ride on a magical flying top. In the morning, the tree is gone, but the seeds have indeed sprouted. The girls find out that a planned visit by their mother has to be postponed because of a setback in her treatment. Satsuki takes this very hard, having reached the age where she fully understands the concept of death. Frustrated and frightened, she yells at Mei, then stomps away. Mei, believing that her mother can be cured by healthy food, sets off on foot to the hospital with an ear of corn. Mei\'s disappearance prompts Satsuki and the neighbors to search for her. Eventually, Satsuki returns in desperation to the camphor tree and pleads for Totoro\'s help. Delighted to be of assistance, he summons the Catbus, which carries her to where the lost Mei sits. Having rescued her, the Catbus then whisks her and Satsuki over the countryside to see their mother in the hospital. The girls perch in a tree outside of the hospital, overhearing a conversation between their parents and discovering that she has been kept in hospital by a minor cold and is otherwise doing well. They secretly leave the ear of corn on the windowsill, where it is discovered by the parents, and return home on the Catbus. When the Catbus departs, it fades away from the girls\' sight. The closing credits show Mei and Satsuki\'s mother returning home and feature scenes of Satsuki and Mei playing with other children, with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers.'] ["The film opens with Injun Joe  accepting a job from Doctor Robinson . Then Tom Sawyer  is running away from home. He and his friends ride down the Mississippi River on a raft, but hit a sharp rock, which throws Tom into the water. His friends find him washed up on the shore, and Tom finds it was Huck Finn  who carried him to safety. Huck learns of an unusual way to remove warts - by taking a dead cat to the graveyard at night. There they witness Doctor Robinson being murdered by Injun Joe. The town drunk, Muff Potter  is framed for the murder; unfortunately, Tom and Huck had signed an oath saying that if either of them came forward about it, they would drop dead and rot. The duo then goes on a search for Injun Joe's treasure map , so they can declare Muff Potter innocent and still keep their oath. The only problem is, the map is in Injun Joe's pocket. After Injun Joe finds the first treasure, he burns the map and discovers that Tom was a witness to the murder. He finds Tom and warns him that if he ever told anybody what he knew, he will kill him. However, at the time, the entire town thought he was dead, and the friendship between Tom and Huck starts to decline because of the fact that their evidence  to prove Muff innocent, while preserving their oath, is destroyed. At the trial of Muff Potter, Tom decides that his friendship with Muff is more important than his oath with Huck and tells the truth to the court, which finds Muff innocent of all charges and goes after Injun Joe. As a result, Injun Joe decides to hold up his end of the bargain by killing Tom. Huck becomes angry with Tom for breaking their oath and leaves town. During a festival the next day, a group of children, including Tom Sawyer and Becky Thatcher , a girl whom Tom has expressed romantic interest previously in the film, enter the caves where Tom and Becky become lost. They stumble upon Injun Joe  in McDougal's Cave. He traps them, but Tom and Becky manage to escape. Then they find the treasure and Tom tells Becky to go get her father and bring him back. Just then, Injun Joe finds Tom, and again tries to kill him. Huck returns to help save Tom, and battles Injun Joe, who then falls into a chasm. The boys reconcile, and are declared heroes by the people. Tom is praised on the front page of the newspaper, and Widow Douglas  decides to adopt Huck Finn."] ['Benji is a lovable stray dog who lives in a small Texas town where he has befriended many local people, each of whom calls him by a different name. He gets plenty of food and attention whenever he visits with one of his acquaintances. He meets another stray dog, a diminutive white female with long fluffy hair, and the two dogs form a bond. Two children whom Benji loves are kidnapped and held for ransom, the dogs try to help, and Benji seeks out friendly people to assist him in freeing the children.'] ['Jesse is sixteen years old and works as an orca-researcher on a research ship called the Noah alongside his old friend Randolph. They suspect that Willy and his pod are being illegally hunted by whalers posing as commercial fishermen. Aboard just such a ship, the Botany Bay, Max, who is ten years old, takes his first trip to sea with his father, a whaler from a long line of whalers, and learns the true unlawful nature of the family business. During his first hunt, Max is thrown overboard and comes face to face with Willy. From this point on, Max is working against his own father, teaming with Jesse and Randolph to save Willy from becoming $200-per-pound sushi. Jesse introduces Max to Willy properly after learning of Max\'s experience and how Max likes whales. Jesse tries to get his and Randolph\'s head boss to take the threat to the whales seriously, but he refuses to until Jesse manages to get proof with help from Max. Jesse manages to sneak on board the Botany Bay to steal a sample of the spear guns that are used to shoot the whales, and discovers that the whalers are heading back out to go after Willy and his pod, using an audio recording of a song which Jesse plays on his harmonica as a lure for Willy, who won\'t realize that it\'s not Jesse until it\'s too late. Jesse\'s boss plans to call for help the next day, but knowing it will be too late then, Jesse, Randolph and one of their fellow researchers, Drew, steal the Noah research boat from her mooring and go after the whalers themselves. Max manages to buy them a little time by jumping into the water and forcing the whalers to pause their pursuit of the whales to perform a "man overboard" rescue for Max, which gives Jesse and his two companions enough time to catch up. Max\'s father is angry because he learns that Max isn\'t on his side and believes that Max tried to sabotage the engine , but it doesn\'t stop him. Jesse, Randolph and Drew use a flare gun and their boat\'s P.A. system to try to bluff the whalers into stopping, but when it doesn\'t work, Jesse rams the Botany Bay with the Noah just as they fire a harpoon, the jolt causing the harpoon to miss Willy and knocking Max\'s father into the water. Willy tries to kill him, biting at him, but Jesse and Max manage to convince Willy to spare him. Max\'s father then gets trapped under a net and nearly drowns as the net drags him down, and ultimately comes face to face with Willy himself. This time, Willy, instead of killing him, saves him by pushing him to the surface and holding him there long enough for Jesse and Randolph to rescue him. The Marine Patrol arrive, having been summoned on the radio by Jesse before he rammed the Botany Bay, and catch the whalers  in the act and arrest them. Being saved by Willy causes Max\'s father to realize that he was wrong about the whales, and he apologizes to Max. The father is not sure where to go from here as his whole life has been about whaling, but Max tells him he is his father and forgives him. Later, Jesse, Randolph, Drew and Max witness the birth of Willy\'s son  and Jesse decides to name him Max when given the choice. The film ends with the two whales, their calf, and the rest of the pod swimming away out to the open sea.'] ['After three years in prison, Cruella de Vil has been cured of her lust for fur coats by Dr. Pavlov, through a process that turns predators and prey into best friends and is released on parole on the proviso she will have to pay eight million pounds to all dogs\' homes in the borough of Westminster shall she ever revert back into dognapping. Cruella, now "Ella", rids herself of her old fur coats and the drawing of her in a Dalmatian puppy coat, and regularly meets with Chloe Simon. However, the process is reversed when the subjects hear the chimes of Big Ben, Dr. Pavlov decides to never tell anyone about this one liability; soon, Cruella begins to feel the urges after hearing Big Ben, and when she sees Dipstick and his puppies Domino, Little Dipper, and Oddball, she devises a plan to get the ultimate fur coat. She sends her servant Alonzo to find a few puppies as she hires Jean-Pierre LePelt to help her capture 102 puppies. The trio create a scheme to set up Kevin Shepherd, the owner of the animal shelter where Cruella spent her community service , as a scapegoat for the police to investigate so Cruella and company can get all the puppies she needs for her coat. However, Kevin soon escapes from prison, and meets up with Chloe, to hear that Cruella and her henchmen are headed to Paris. But they are soon captured by Cruella and imprisoned in her fur factory. Cruella forgot one dalmatian, Oddball, because she was born without any spots. Oddball manages to rescue her family and all the other puppies kidnapped by Cruella. With Alonzo being a good guy, she also has Cruella turned into a massive cake and LePelt arrested thereby saving the day. This happy story ends when Oddball gets her first spots, the shelter gets Cruella\'s money, and everyone celebrates.'] [' In 1939, New Orleans, Louisiana, Charlie B. Barkin, a roguish Collie/German Shepherd mix with a con man\'s charm, is working with his gangster business partner, Carface Carruthers, at a casino fashioned out of a derelict oil tanker. Not sharing the earnings, Carface frames Charlie and has him sent to a pound, but Charlie escapes with the help of his best friend Itchy Itchiford. Later, Carface and his sidekick, Killer, kill Charlie by hitting him with an empty automobile. Charlie, however, goes to heaven by default, despite never actually performing any good deeds, because of the movie\'s namesake rule of the afterlife: All dogs go to Heaven. Charlie cheats death by stealing his "life watch", a glowing pocket watch, and winding it back up, allowing him to return to Earth. As Charlie leaves Heaven, a Whippet Angel warns him that he can never return to heaven. Therefore, it is assumed that if he dies he will automatically go to hell. However, Charlie quickly learns that his life is now tied to the "life watch," which means that as long as the watch is protected and operating, Charlie will live. Back on Earth, Charlie reunites with Itchy and plots his revenge against Carface by setting up a rival business. Itchy reveals to Charlie that Carface has a Monster. Charlie decides to investigate the monster, however, it is revealed that Carface is imprisoning a little orphan girl named Anne-Marie for her ability to communicate with animals, giving him an advantage when betting on races, which are apparently fixed so that those who speak the racing animals\' language can know in advance of the outcome. Charlie "rescues" Anne-Marie, telling her that they will help the poor and he will find her a family. Charlie takes Anne-Marie to the local Horse Track, where a pensive Anne-Marie doesn\'t want to talk. When Charlie says the money is for the poor, like in Robin Hood, Anne-Marie agrees to help. After a time, Anne-Marie becomes upset due to Charlie not looking for Parents. Charlie begins to make a large profit using Anne-Marie, who eventually attempts to leave when she realizes Charlie was using her in the same way that Carface was, but Charlie convinces Anne-Marie to stay by his side by promising to give to the poor, resulting in Charlie purchasing Pizza and Cake for an Orphanage of abandoned puppies. Anne-Marie, however, finds the wallet which was stolen by Charlie from the horse race. Anne-Marie angrily corners Charlie accusing him. Anne-Marie then sleeps in the attic. That night, Charlie has a nightmare in which he is banished to hell and is attacked by a Hellhound and its minions. The next day, Anne-Marie goes to return the wallet. Charlie finds her eating breakfast with the Wallet Family, the family whose wallet was stolen, where he discovers that the couple is planning to take Anne-Marie in. Charlie tricks Anne-Marie into leaving by pretending to be sick. After escaping an ambush with Carface and Killer, Charlie and Anne-Marie fall through the floor of an old warehouse into an underground sewer where they narrowly avoid being eaten by King Gator, a giant alligator who befriends them and learns how well Charlie can sing. Meanwhile, Itchy is ambushed by Carface and his thugs, who destroy Charlie\'s Casino. Charlie brings Anne-Marie to the church, where a beaten Itchy accuses Charlie of caring more for Anne-Marie than him or their business. Frustrated, Charlie says that he never actually cared about the girl. Anne-Marie overhears them, however, and runs away into a thunderstorm, and into the clutches of Carface. Charlie goes to the casino/boat to rescue Anne-Marie, where Carface and others captures him. Itchy is given instructions to warn the Wallet Family about Anne-Marie\'s capture, which results in the neighborhood dogs collaborating to get the message to the family. Charlie is ambushed by Carface\'s thugs, who attempt to tie him to a boat anchor. However, when one of the thugs bites Charlie\'s foot, making him howl, King Gator comes to their rescue, frees Charlie and eats Carface. Anne-Marie falls into the water, along with Charlie\'s watch. Charlie dives in to save Anne-Marie and the watch, but cannot get both. Charlie places Anne-Marie on a board and pushes her to safety. Charlie then attempts to swim to his watch, but is unsuccessful, resulting in him drowning. Anne-Marie ends up with her new family and Charlie is allowed back into heaven, instead of hell, since he sacrificed himself to save his friend. He gives his heartfelt goodbyes to Anne-Marie and Itchy, finally proving his love for her. Leaving Itchy in her care, Charlie finally departs for the afterlife, where he finds  that Carface has also ended up in heaven and attempts to use his clock to return home like Charlie did. The Whippet Angel chases him down warning him that he will never return, but Charlie emerges from a cloud and assures the audience that Carface\'s escape will not last long.'] ['The Mystery, Inc. gang travel to Loch Ness in Scotland to see the famous Blake Castle, the home of Daphne Blake\'s cousin, Shannon. The Castle grounds is home to the first annual Highland Games, composed of many traditional Scottish sports. But when they arrive Shannon informs them that the Castle had recently been terrorized by the Loch Ness Monster. Shannon says she has seen the monster and it is indeed real, a position shared by Del Chillman, a local Loch Ness Monster enthusiast and amateur cryptozoologist, and Professor Fiona Pembrooke, a scientist who has staked her whole career on proving the monster exists. Taking the opposite end of the argument are Colin and Angus Haggart, and their father, Lachlan, local competitors in the games, and Sir Ian Locksley, the head judge of the games. Locksley and Pembrooke share a mutual hatred for each other. That night, Scooby and Shaggy are chased by the monster, and destroy the playing field in the process. Velma discovers that the monster tracks head into town instead of the loch. The next day, the gang and Shannon travel to town. After enlisting the help of the Haggarty\'s to rebuild the field, Fred, Daphne, Velma, and Shannon take Professor Pembrooke\'s boat, filled up with out of date research equipment, to search for the monster by sea, while Shaggy and Scooby take the Mystery Machine and search by land.While Shaggy is distracted, a hand switchs a sign on the road leading to shaggy getting lost.Both groups are attacked by the monster, seemingly being in two places at once. After returning the badly damaged boat back to Prefessor Pembrooke, the gang discovers Sir Ian has taken it upon himself to patrol the waters with a high-tech ship to prevent any further "peculiarities", as he is still not convinced of the monster\'s existence. On Locksley\'s ship, the gang and Shannon find something deep in the loch using sonar equipment. They take Locksley\'s mini-sub to investigate. In the water, the gang is attacked by the monster, but is saved by a large magnet claw on the ship. When they return to Blake Castle, they find Chillman, who explains his van has been stolen. Later, the monster chases the gang, Shannon, and Chillman into a bog, where it is revealed to simply be a canvas covering Chillman’s van. Fred deduces the monster to be a decoy, and sets up a trap to catch the real one. Fred sends Shaggy and Scooby out on the loch to act as bait, while he and Dell prepare to use nets to surround the cove capture the monster. A large fog appears, blocking visual contact with Shaggy and Scooby. Making matters worse, Locksley’s crew mutinies because they want to capture and sell the monster, and capture Daphne and Shannon. The monster attacks Shaggy and Scooby, chasing them out of the cove. Locksley’s ship attaches to the nets, dragging Chillman and Fred with it. The crew attempt to harpoon the monster, but Daphne and Shannon distract them long enough to make them miss. Just as the monster is about to attack Chillman and Fred, Daphne captures it by using the ship’s magnet claw. Just then, a second Loch Ness Monster appears and gives chase to Shaggy and Scooby, but falls into a previously set trap. This monster is revealed to by the Haggart brothers, and the one Daphne captured is revealed to be Professor Pembrooke. Pembrooke used a secret entrance in her boat to go into the monster and operate it. She also hired the Haggart brothers to man the second monster. Velma explains that Pembrooke’s plan was to use her machine to convince Locksley the real monster existed, and enlist his aide in finding it. The next day, the games begin on schedule; But Locksley calls everyone to his ship to look at new pictures of the monster his underwater cameras had taken, taken at a depth well below what a submarine could survive. These, plus other pictures Pembrooke had taken convince him the monster does exist. The film ends with the gang leaving Blake Castle, and Scooby briefly seeing the real Loch Ness Monster.'] ['Two scientists, Dr. Elena Kinder  and Dr. Heep , use genius baby studies to fund their BabyCo theme park. At age two, the children are due to \'cross over\', learn to talk, and forget their universal knowledge. One mischievous toddler, Sylvester , makes repeated attempts to escape the "Kinder" lab and one night, he actually succeeds. What Sly does not expect is to run into his twin, Whit, in a mall playground. Although Sly and Whit share a telepathic bond, they have no idea of each other\'s existence. While the guards from the lab capture Whit, mistake him for Sly, and take him back to the Kinder lab, Sly is taken home by Whit\'s adopted mother, Robin , who is Dr. Kinder\'s niece. After Dr. Kinder discovers the mix-up, she decides to do a cross evaluation on the twins. However, when she comes to Dan Bobbin\'s Place, she realizes that Dan Bobbin can understand babies. After the attempts to retrieve Sly fail, Dr. Kinder decides to move the labs to Lichtenstein. The babies at Bobbin\'s place hypnotize Lenny , the bus driver to drive to Kinder Labs. Once at the labs, Sly goes to the control room to set the robots from the theme park on the lab scientists. When the Bobbins return home, their natural daughter Carrie tells her father that the children are in the Kinder Labs. At the end of the fight Dr. Kinder captures Whit and takes him to the helicopter pad on the roof. Robin and Dan chase them to the roof, where Dr. Kinder reveals that she and Robin are not related, and that Robin was adopted at age two. Just then police helicopters come, ending the fight. Sly and Whit come together on the roof to cross over. Dan and Robin adopt Sly. Dan is still curious of the secrets of life, but as the twins have crossed over they no longer know those secrets. Carrie, their sister, doesn\'t reveal anything  because adults aren\'t meant to know their secrets.'] [' Tom and Jerry are together with their owners as they are about to move to a new home. The moving van is at their house waiting, while Tom dozes in the back of the car, however when he notices Jerry, he puts him on a cue stick, and Jerry, noticing no escape and knowing that he will fly, grabs hold of Tom\'s whiskers so they fly together into the garden. Jerry quickly dashes into his mousehole and locks the door, Tom nailing wooden planks on the door. Tom leaves the house, but it is too late: The owners have left. When Tom tries to get in the moving car, he ends up with a bulldog and ties up his ears so he cannot see. Tom runs into the house for safety and stays there for the night. The next day, Tom notices that the house is being destroyed by a demolition crew. He manages to escape but realizes he could not just leave Jerry, so he goes back in and saves him. The two manage to survive, but now they are homeless. The two traverse the streets looking for food and shelter all day, to no avail, they remain homeless. That night in an alley they meet a stray dog named Pugsy and his friend, Frankie Da Flea. Tom and Jerry both introduce themselves, before comically expressing shock at having spoken. Pugsy and Frankie encourage the two to be friends, as it would be difficult to survive in the streets alone. They agree, and they also all agree to have a \'feast\' at their place and Pugsy makes a \'buffet\' by collecting leftovers in the bin. When Pugsy\'s tray is full, two dogcatchers capture him and Frankie and lock them in their truck. With Pugsy and Frankie gone, Tom is ambushed by a gang of mean singing alley cats who chase him, only to be saved by Jerry. Tom and Jerry then meet a girl named Robyn Starling, whose mother died when she was a baby and is left behind with her evil guardian Aunt Pristine Figg when her father goes away to Tibet, but her father is now presumed killed in an avalanche. Figg has proceeded to take over the house with her sleazy lawyer Lickboot even moving Robyn into the attic as her bedroom. Robyn had run away after her locket was thrown out of the window and that is how she began to run. Tom and Jerry, knowing what it is like to be homeless, attempt to convince her to return home, convinced that deep down, Figg loves Robyn. Indeed, Aunt Figg is crying in the house, scared of losing Robyn and begging a local police officer to find her safely, but reverts to her cold, money-hungry self once the officer is gone. The officer finds Robyn, Tom, and Jerry, but Figg has Tom and Jerry sent to an animal shelter run by Dr. J. Applecheek, who is in secret the employer of the two dogcatchers and in charge of an abusive prison-like pound. Tom and Jerry are reunited with Puggsy and Frankie. With help from several other dogs including Droopy, they stage an escape. Meanwhile, Robyn discovers through a telegram that her father is alive and once reunited with Tom and Jerry, they run away to find him. Figg discovers this, and at the suggestion of Lickboot places a $1 million bounty on the three of them. Meanwhile, Robyn\'s father Mr. "Daddy" Starling is notified that his daughter has run away and immediately returns to America to find her. Tom and Jerry end up separated from Robyn after their raft crashes into a ship. Robyn is found by the owner of a local amusement park Captain Kiddie and his talking hand puppet Squawk. But Kiddie and Squawk see Robyn\'s face in an advert about the bounty and telephone Figg after trapping Robyn in a Ferris wheel. Applecheek overhears the telephone conversation and a race begins to reach Robyn first. When he refuses to give the Dogcatchers any of the money they throw him out of the track. Tom and Jerry find Robyn in the park just when Figg and Applecheek arrive. The three of them trap the dogcatchers in the Ferris wheel and flee up the river in a boat, pursued by Figg, Applecheek, and Kiddie. Eventually, Applecheek falls off a bridge and crashes into Kiddie and Squawk in the water, and Aunt Figg and Lickboot end up with their 1955 Austin-Healey 100 stuck in the mud on a farm. The river ultimately takes Tom, Jerry, and Robyn to an old summer cabin belonging to her and her father, but they are ambushed by Figg and Lickboot, who attempt to forcefully take Robyn back home. In the ensuing struggle, an oil lamp breaks and starts a fire. Tom and Jerry climb onto the roof and get Robyn out of the cabin with a rope while Figg and Lickboot are stuck in the roof of the boat and it drives them away. As the house is burned to the ground, Mr. Starling finally arrives in a helicopter and rescues his daughter, but is unable to reach Tom and Jerry before the cabin collapses. The pair survive the wreckage and are taken to live with Robyn and her father in their home. Pugsy and Frankie see this in a newspaper and are satisfied that Tom and Jerry finally found friendship. However, old habits die hard, as once Robyn and her father are out of sight, Tom and Jerry resume with their old antics.'] ['When Prosper and Boniface\'s parents die, their aunt Esther attempts to adopt the younger brother, an adorable five-year-old who eventual turns six as the movie progresses, named Bo . She plans to send twelve-year-old Prosper  away to boarding school. However, before they can separate the two boys Prosper takes Bo to Venice, the magical city about which their mother often told stories. Once in Venice, the boys live on the streets, and the money Prosper brought quickly runs out. Bo becomes ill and Prosper is forced to resort to stealing cough medicine from a pharmacy. The boys are nearly caught and lose the rest of their food, but are rescued by the mysterious Thief Lord . The Thief Lord, a mask-wearing teenager whose name is Scipio, invites the boys to come with him to his hideout, an abandoned movie theatre called the Stella. The Stella is also home to three orphaned children Scipio has rescued: Hornet , Riccio ([[George MacKay  and Mosca . They steal from stores and Venice\'s wealthy tourists, but the majority of their money comes from Scipio, who goes on mysterious raids and always brings back treasures. Unfortunately, Barbarossa - the sleazy antique dealer the children have to sell their stolen goods to - always cheats the children. Bo brags that Prosper "is great at selling things" and Prosper ends up getting Barbarossa to quintuple his asking price. Barbarossa tells Riccio and Prosper there is a client who needs something stolen and is willing to pay big money for it. Meanwhile, the boys\' aunt and uncle, Esther and Max Hartlieb , have traveled to Venice in order to find their nephews and entreated the help of Victor Getz ([[Jim Carter . The inspector wanders across Prosper and Riccio in front of a pastry shop and chases the boys when they run away. However, he is distracted by a friend, Ida Spavento, and loses the boys. Back at the theatre, the children celebrate Prosper\'s success. Riccio tells Scipio about Barbarossa\'s customer and he decides to take the job. After being persuaded by the others Scipio takes all of them with him to go and see the client, a mysterious man known only as the Conte . However he only let\'s Prosper and Mosca come to meet the client in person. The conte asks them to steal a wooden wing, a fragment from the long lost merry go round of the merciful sisters, for it he would pay fifty thousand euros. While Scipio, Prosper and Mosca are preoccupied with the conte; Bo, Hornet and Riccio are forced to wait outside. While there Bo meets Victor Getz, who befriends him. While they are talking Bo accidentally lets slip that he lives in an abandoned movie theatre. Prosper and the others return and chase him off. While hiding in a mask shop, Scipio comes up with a plan to help the others escape. During which Victor Getz sees his face. Scipio needs to go away for a few days so he asks the gang to stake out the mansion where the wing is kept. At the same time Victor Getz approaches Dottore Massimo , owner of the Stella. While there he discovers that Scipio is not a poor orphan at all. He is the son of the rich Massimo. although Massimo asks Scipio help Victor get in, Scipio makes a break for it and manages to escape back to the Stella. He tries to persuade the others to leave but instead they devise a plan to catch Getz. It works and Getz is soon their prisoner. When Scipio doesn\'t show up for stake out the next day, the others are confused. Getz  tells them what he had discovered. Not believing him the gang visit Massimo\'s mansion. There they find out the truth. That Scipio had lied to them and that all the \'loot\' had come from the house. Riccio is the most upset out of all of them, feeling betrayed. When they return to the Stella they find that Getz has escaped but gave them his \'word of honor\' that he wouldn\'t reveal their location to anyone as long as he didn\'t hear of any break ins. However he had fixed the projector and they enjoyed a short film that Mosca has been working on for a long time. And, even though their moral of Scipio\'s betrayal was low, they decided to complete the bargain with the conte. When the group decides to steal the wooden wing inside the house where it is supposed to be, they encounter Scipio but they refuse to work with him. While looking around, they also accidentally wake the owner of the house, Ida. After a confrontation, Ida agrees to let the group take the wing as long as they take her with them. After receiving word of the transaction, Scipio drives all of them on a boat to meet the Conte. The deal goes off without a hitch. Unfortunately, Prop and Bo\'s persistent aunt and uncle do not believe Getz claims though he tells them he firmly believes the boys have left Venice to Corfu. To complicate matters, Barborossa  decides to take matters in his own hands taking police to the Stella, where they were able to take Hornet and Bo, who remained behind during the deal, and close down the Stella. When they return, Prosper and the others find that Hornet and Bo are gone, becoming worried that Getz has sold them out and decide to confront him. Getz helps them when they confront him they get a phone call from the aunt, discovering that Bo is when them and that Hornet was with the police. They also figure out that the money the COnte gave them is also fake, according to Getz. Ida and Getz are able to get Hornet, whose real name is Catarina, out of the orphanage she had been left in, and Ida allowed the group to stay at her place. Scipio sneaks into Ida\'s house and wakes Prosper later that night persuading him to come with him to the secret island where the Conte where the Conte resists in order to ride the merry-go-round, which is said to have mystical powers to age or restore youth to the riders, in order to become adults and both get what they want. Bo, who despises his aunt and uncle, sneaks out of the hotel that they are staying in and returns to the Stella, where Getz, after receiving a phone call from the aunt, finds him and brings him back to Ida\'s house. Meanwhile, the Conte, whose real name is Renzo, and his sister the Contessa are now children, around the same as Riccio and the others. They offer, after the others discover the money payment was fake, a ride on the merry-go-round as payment for being unable to truly pay them. However, only Scipio takes this offer and after riding, jumps off after being warned by Prosper, now an adult. When Barborossa appears, Scipio tricks him onto one of the animals that restores youth but Barborossa breaks the merry-go-round after becoming a young child during the ride. Upon their return, Prosper is reunited with his younger brother. The older Scipio appoints himself as Getz\'s new partner in the detective field which the man does not object to. Barborossa after drinking himself to sleep is left alone as the children are reunited with each other at Ida\'s, while the adults step outside. The aunt and uncle, who had followed Getz take the opportunity to break into the house and take back Bo. Riccio, Prosper, and Mosca fend off the two adults while Hornet keeps Bo with her, but the children lose the upper hand when the uncle takes hold of Ida\'s rifle and points it at Prosper. Bo, remembering the night the group had stole the wing and were confronted by Ida, tells him that the gun doesn\'t work. Testing the gun out, the uncle hears what he believes to be a dry click and points it once again at Prosper however pulling the trigger and discovering that the gun was indeed loaded as a bullet fires but it hits a spot on the wall right next to Prosper. Startled, the two adults are then confronted by Scipio who returns, takes the gun, and tells the aunt and uncle to leave and never return successful in sending them off to which he credits his being an adult. Taking the money they deserve from Barborossa\'s safe, Riccio and Mosca split it all between all of them and Scipio uses his share to buy the boys a boat and to establish bank accounts for the others. Victor, Ida, Prosper, Hornet, and Bo are on Scipio\'s old boat driving alongside them. Ida comments on how they would make a great family and how the kids don\'t have to leave. They decide to stay together.'] ["The film begins shortly after the death of Bambi's mother. After leading his son home to safety, Bambi's father, the Great Prince of the Forest, confides in Friend Owl, feeling that he hasn't any time for parenting and requesting that Owl help him find a doe who may be interested in adopting Bambi. Owl agrees, leaving the Great Prince to raise Bambi for the time being. The following day is Groundhog Day, and Bambi is invited by his anxious group of friends to partake in the annual tradition of watching as the groundhog emerges from his den. Albeit the children are overjoyed upon the positive results of the ritual , a belligerent young buck called Ronno interferes with the celebratory event and gloats about allegedly behaving courageously around hunters, challenging Bambi. However, before long the children's parents arrive to guide them home, interrupting the conflict between the two fawns and leaving a lonesome Bambi feeling mournful over his mother's loss. After dozing off and dreaming about the revival of his mother, he is awakened by a hunter's deer call and is lured to a grassy field, believing that his mother might have recovered and could be calling to him, but is petrified in terror by a pack of snarling hunting dogs. Luckily the Great Prince arrives and wards off the dogs, but he is disappointed in his son for remaining frozen before the animals rather than fleeing to safety. Bambi realizes that his mother will never return and makes it his goal to improve with his bravery in order to impress his father, knowing that he one day will take over the position of Great Prince of the Forest. Thumper and Flower assist Bambi in achieving his goal by teaching him to frighten his fears off. As the three happily romp about together, they soon stumble upon a disgruntled porcupine that catapults itself on top of Bambi for trespassing on its territory  leaving his backside covered with quills and embarrassing him in front of Faline, his romantic interest, and Ronno, who taunts Bambi for his actions in front of the hunting dogs and his supposed cowardice and winds up triggering a fight between the pair. While escaping from Ronno, Bambi leaps across a pair of grassy cliffs, which his father catches sight of and congratulates his young son for his strength. Bambi is encouraged to continue practicing with his strength, and the Great Prince of the Forest starts to spend more quality time with him as a result. However, as the two gradually grow more attached to one another, Friend Owl introduces Bambi and his father to a doe that he has summoned to raise Bambi named Mena, who lives farther away than Bambi's father and playmates and therefore separating the fawn from his friends. However, after Bambi bids his friends farewell and starts to leave with Mena, he runs into Ronno, who starts to poke fun at him. Antagonized by Ronno's mockery, Bambi starts to brawl with his enemy , but Mena's leg is caught in a hunter's trap, attracting the attention of another pack of hunting dogs. Bambi runs off for help and soon encounters his father, who emancipates Mena from the trap, and Bambi takes off for a grassy meadow. Trailed by dogs, Bambi escapes and winds up stumbling upon several accomplices  along the way  and is reunited with his father on a rocky cliff. However, the rocks collapse beneath Bambi's weight, leaving him lying in the grass weakened and nearly unconscious. The Great Prince, overjoyed to be reunited with Bambi, welcomes his son back into his care. Weeks after, Thumper recounts the tale of Bambi's bravery  to the other woodland animals, and Bambi has now sprouted the antler stubs which he had been hoping for throughout the course of the movie. His father leads him to the glen where he first met Bambi's mother, revealing to his son that he behaved in a similar fashion during childhood."] ["Mowgli is living in the Man Village with the girl who lured him in, Shanti, his adopted brother Ranjan, and their parents. However, Mowgli longs to return to the fun of the jungle, and after nearly leading the other children of the village into the jungle, is punished by his adopted father for trying to lead them into danger. Meanwhile, in the jungle, Shere Khan has returned to Baloo and Bagheera's part of the jungle to exact revenge on Mowgli. Baloo sneaks into the Man Village and gets Mowgli to come with him to live in the jungle; however, unbeknownst to them, Shere Khan also infiltrated the village, only to be chased off by the village people. In the ensuing chaos of the tiger's attack, Shanti and Ranjan go into the jungle to retrieve Mowgli, believing that Baloo is a hostile animal and kidnapped the boy. Bagheera hears of Mowgli's departure from the village when the humans search the jungle for him, and immediately suspects Baloo. Mowgli instructs Baloo to scare off Shanti should she appear, and bemoans the boring life he had in the Man Village. Baloo and Mowgli journey to King Louie's old temple , however when the animals of the jungle mock Shanti and other aspects of Mowgli's life in the Man Village, the boy leaves, offended. He runs into Shanti and Ranjan, but Baloo scares Shanti as Mowgli wanted him to. When the truth comes out that Mowgli ordered Baloo to scare her, Shanti and Ranjan run away and leave Mowgli. Baloo recognizes that Mowgli misses his old life, but when Mowgli tries to make amends with his human friends, they are attacked by Shere Khan. The tiger chases Mowgli and Shanti to a temple built above a lake of lava, and Baloo leaves Ranjan with Bagheera while he goes to protect Mowgli. After confusing Shere Khan by banging several different gongs, Shanti's presence is revealed to Shere Khan. Baloo fights Shere Khan just as Mowgli is about to give himself up to save Shanti, but the tiger chases the two children to a statue across a pit of lava. Shere Khan is trapped within the statue's mouth, and it plummets into the lava below. With his nemesis defeated, Mowgli returns to the Man Village with Shanti and Ranjan, but they still visit Baloo and Bagheera in the jungle regularly."] ['The film opens in a barn with a mother cat who has given birth to kittens. One of the kittens is named Milo , and has a habit of being too curious and getting himself into trouble. He finds a pug puppy named Otis , and they soon become friends. They then look after Gloria\'s chick, who thinks Otis is his mother. Otis convinces the chick that Otis is not his mother by acting tough on Milo and scaring the Chick. When Milo is playing inside a box floating in the river, he accidentally drifts downstream. Otis runs after Milo. Milo goes on many adventures, escaping one incident after another. He encounters two bears; escapes from the desolate, raven-infested Deadwood Swamp; steals a muskrat from a fox cache; follows a train-track to the home of a female deer, who shelters him; sleeps in an Owl\'s "dreaming nest"; stays for a while with a sow pig and her piglets; catches a fish, only to have it stolen by a raccoon; is mobbed by seagulls; and evades the third bear, then a snake, only to fall into a hole. Otis, for his part, follows Milo throughout, usually only an hour behind and less than a mile out of range. Finally, the two catch up with one another while Milo is in the hole, Otis pulls him out by means of a rope. Milo and Otis are reunited, and soon find mates of their own: Joyce, a cat, for Milo; and Sandra, a pug, for Otis. After this, they separate and raise puppies and kittens. They help each other\'s families to survive the harsh winter and find their way back together through the forest to their barn, living together.'] ['The film opens as normal while Samuel "Rocky" Douglas , Jeffrey "Colt" Douglas , and Michael "Tum Tum" Douglas  are at the home of their Grandfather Mori  for the summer to perform their ninja training. After being put to an obstacle course test and failing, he overhears Rocky and Colt talking about no longer returning since they are older and have more adult things to do, depressing him. After they return home from their vacation, they meet Amanda  when their heads are almost buzzed off when her out-of-control radio-controlled helicopter also broke one of their windows. After making amends, she is invited to Tum Tum\'s birthday party the following day at Mega Mountain  which she accepts. Tum Tum is also very depressed when his favorite action hero Dave Dragon  is set to retire and end his television series due to poor ratings, and even concerns his mother when she offers him food, to which he replies that he says "No thanks Mom, I\'m not hungry". The following day, the boys and Amanda are dropped off at Mega Mountain, and Rocky disappoints the group by opting to spend the day with his girlfriend Jennifer  rather than spend it with Tum Tum and his wanting to see Dave Dragon who is performing live for his final performance. Colt and Tum Tum both admit the admiration toward him and remember how cool he had been previously. During these goings-on, a master criminal named Mary Ann "Medusa" Rogers , her right-hand man Lothar Zogg , her Jamaican sidekick C.J. , her three idiot nephews Carl , Buelow , and Zed ([[Brendan O\'Brien , and a small group of mercenaries infiltrate the park, take over its operations, and attempt to take out Dave after his performance . Medusa threatens the park\'s owner Harry Jacobson  to pay her enough money or she will cause accidents on the rides. This causes the police and the FBI led by the boys\' father Sam  to be called in. After fending off the thugs and rejoining Rocky who had spotted them while away from Jennifer, they wake up Dave and become suspicious as a great deal of the park is closed off and several rides begin to go crazy. Amanda utilizes a hand-held computer and is able to hack out some of the programs. However, Medusa quickly has her access locked out, and suspends a roller coaster train full of people at the top of a loop, threatening Harry with their deaths if he does not pay her a large sum of money. Dave tries to infiltrate their operations, and is captured while Colt, Rocky, Tum Tum, and Amanda continue to evade Medusa\'s henchmen and her nephews. She manages to have her nephews kidnap Jennifer and use her as bait to keep the kids from interfering by tying her to the roller coaster tracks and threatening to release the train, causing it to run over her. Rocky battles with Lothar when attempting to free her, and causes him to literally bounce out of the park and into the hands of the authorities. Medusa releases the train to race pass by Rocky and Jennifer. She tells him that he saved her and kisses him. Harry then begins to give Medusa the $10 million bag by bag. But as the final bag drops Amanda uses her helicopter to cut it open. Medusa discovers this and grabs her. Rocky meets up with his brothers and they run into Dave. After they inform him about Amanda\'s capture they all unite to save her. Meanwhile Medusa tells her about her plans for her. She plans to use her as a hostage to escape. Then she will be her personal slave to work off the lost money. Medusa estimates that in 50 years they will be even. The boys are able to defeat many ninjas before they catch up to her. She compliments their skills but then decides to even the odds by shooting the lights out. This gives her ninjas the upper hand because they have night vision goggles. While they are taken care of she gives Amanda a little "surprise." Instead of being Medusa\'s slave, she will be blown to bits by a bomb that she leaves behind. The boys manage to overcome their inability to see in the dark  and save Amanda, but her computer breaks down and she cannot disarm the bomb she\'s attached to. Thinking quickly, they attach it to an oxygen tank on rollers and attempt to break its valve to send it away. But despite the boys\' skills as ninjas, they lack the physical strength to break the valve. Luckily, Dave arrives and breaks the valve instead. The oxygen tanks send off like a torpedo directly toward Medusa\'s escape route. The explosion draws the authorities\' attention, and they quickly capture her still clutching her bag of money. She pouts and seats herself with it, surrendering to the FBI. Once Medusa and her minions are in jail, the boys also give credit to Dave for helping to save the park when interviewed by the media. Later, they assure Mori that they are not going to give up their summers with him for anything, enjoying learning to be ninjas, and even recruit Amanda to join them next time, an offer she accepts graciously.'] ['A small word "Big" turns large, as in "Clifford\'s Really Big Movie". Everyone on Birdwell Island comes to the carnival, and Emily Elizabeth spots an attraction known as "Larry\'s Amazing Animals". There were 2 dogs starring in the show: Rodrigo, Chihuahua of Steel and Dirk the Extreme Dachshund. They watch the show until Dorothy the High Wire Heifer aka Daring Cow, loses her balance, and the show is ruined. But when P.T. comes, Shackelford the High Flying Ferret sees George C. Wolfsbottom\'s commercial. However, the dogs join the group by just leaving. Then the Amazing Animals are shocked when they see the dog\'s tags, but Cleo the poodle makes up a lie to get into the group. Then, Clifford the Big Red Dog, T Bone the bulldog and Cleo asked in unison "Shackelford, Rodrigo, Dorothy and Dirk, we will be your new friends and you will be ours. Will you please let us join your show?" Shackelford and the animals agreed. They are in the next performance. Dorothy loses her balance again, but Clifford saves her. The next day, Clifford tames Dorothy\'s fear of heights. Then Shackelford gets really jealous of Clifford, until he sees the new poster, then he forces him to get out of the group. Just then, Cleo and T-Bone catch up and show him a new move consisting of them flipping. Then they venture home, until then Larry\'s car stops and it rolls back, so then he saves it by pushing it. They then go to Shangri-Large. They go to the show and they win, but when Wolfsbottom tempts him for some Tummy Yummies, Clifford is kidnapped. Larry calls Wolfsbottom, then he calls Emily, and they go on a quest to stop him. The gang gets through, but T-Bone sets off the alarm. The two then perform the move and go onto a wild goose chase, until Wolfsbottom and Madison arrive at the exit until Emily arrives. Wolfsbottom is mad, but Madison doesn\'t care. She wants Emily to have Clifford again, because "Clancy"  belonged to her first. They go home and Emily and Clifford run on the beach.'] ["While searching for a memorial in Central Park, an old woman  begins to tell her granddaughter  a story. In 1925, Balto is a wolf-dog hybrid, shunned by both humans and dogs in the town of Nome. He is a rugged spirit, adventurer of his social domain; a rebel soul, no one to turn to but himself. His only friends are Boris, a Russian goose, and Muk and Luk, two polar bears. Balto and Boris live on a grounded boat outside Nome, while Muk and Luk are occasional visitors. One day, a dogsled race is being held. One of the teams is led by Steele, a proud and fierce Siberian Husky. Balto and Boris are in Nome to watch the finish. While waiting for the teams to arrive, Balto sees a young girl named Rosy and her pet, a female husky dog named Jenna. He is immediately smitten by Jenna, and when Rosy loses her hat to the wind, Balto outruns the sled team and retrieves the hat to show off. However, when he brings the hat back to Rosy, Rosy's dad pulls his daughter away from Balto, believing that he may be dangerous. Balto and Boris dejectedly leave town, but not before being bullied by Steele and his companions, Nikki, Kaltag and Star. The night after the race, Rosy and several other children fall ill. As Jenna worriedly watches through the hospital window, Balto appears and takes her to the underfloor area of the hospital, where they watch the doctor give the diagnosis — Rosy has diphtheria. Because many other children in the town have caught diphtheria, the doctor has run out of antitoxin. Jenna is sad and concerned and Balto thinks that he should have not taken her down there. Steele arrives and tries to charm Jenna with some food he stole from the butcher. Jenna makes Steele burn his tail on a heater, but, as the butcher and Rosy's dad appear, Steele frames Balto for the theft of the stolen meat, resulting in him being chased away by Rosy's dad. Meanwhile, an urgent request for diphtheria antitoxin is transmitted via telegram, but sea and air routes fail and the closest rail line only goes to Nenana. It is decided that a sled team will cover the last stretch. A race is held to determine the team members. Balto enters, and single handedly wins despite the other dogs cheating and trying to ruin it for him. However, he is disqualified when Steele steps on his paw, forcing him to bare his teeth at the musher, who then classifies him as dangerous. That night, the team, led by Steele, sets out to Nenana and picks up the medicine; however, they get lost on the way back and are led by a disoriented Steele down a steep hill, knocking out the musher. The team now has no way home. The news reaches Nome. Balto decides to set out on a rescue mission, accompanied by Boris, Muk, and Luk. On the way, they are attacked by a large grizzly bear. With Jenna's unexpected help who followed their tracks they escape, but Jenna gets injured, and Balto orders Boris and the bears to take her home. Jenna gives Balto her bandanna as a good luck charm. Before leaving, Boris gives Balto some advice  to which Balto shrugs off. Balto finds the team and offers to help them get home. Steele has gone insane and is filled with so much hatred that Balto is unable to calm him and they fight. Steele slams Balto's head on a rock knocking him out. Steele thinks he killed Balto, but star sees Balto is alive and Steele can't believe his eyes. Then Steele grabs Jenna's bandanna and pulls until he falls off a cliff. With Steele gone, Balto is chosen as the new leader of the sled dog team. Miraculously, Steele is uninjured from his fall and manages to climb back up the cliff. He sets off for Nome, creating false trail markings to throw Balto off course. Balto becomes confused by the markings and inadvertently leads the team to another cliff. The crate of antitoxin tumbles from the sled and nearly off the cliff. Balto catches it, but the ground gives way underneath him, dropping both dog and crate into the abyss. Meanwhile, Steele returns to Nome, telling Jenna and the other dogs that he survived an accident that killed Balto and the rest of the sled dog team. Steele tries to validate his story by giving Jenna her bandanna back and tells her that Balto made him promise to take care of her. Jenna does not believe Steele and leaves. Later, Jenna creates a beacon using glass shards and a lantern to shine a light pattern, a trick Balto showed her earlier. Balto wakes up at the bottom of the cliff, believing that he has failed. A large white wolf appears to him and he turns away in shame. However, as the wolf walks away, Balto notices the intact crate nearby. He realises that Boris' advice meant that being part wolf is a strength, not a weakness, and embraces that heritage with a howl, joined by the white wolf. Afterward, Balto manages to drag the crate back up the cliff to the waiting team. They are quickly on their way again, Balto using his sense of smell to figure out which trail marks are his and which are Steele's. After overcoming three near-catastrophes, Balto makes it back to Nome in time to save the children, guided by Jenna's aurora beacon. Steele is revealed to be a liar and is deserted by the other dogs in anger. Boris, Muk, Luk, and Jenna  are overjoyed, and the whole town which once shunned Balto gives him a hero's welcome. Balto and Jenna finally express their love for each other. Back in the present, the old woman and the girl read the statue's plaque lauding the courage and fidelity of the sled dogs that prevented the tragedy in Nome. After the woman explains that the trek is now honored with the annual Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race that uses the same route the dog team relay took, the girl runs off playing sled dog with her own dog. Alone for a minute, the woman, who is revealed to actually be Rosy, thanks Balto for saving her life."] ["Set in 1935, the movie tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Natty Gann . Out of work because of Depression-era unemployment, Natty's father  travels from Chicago to the state of Washington to find work in the timber industry, leaving tomboyish Natty behind. Having no mother, Natty is left in the care of Connie , the insensitive woman who manages the hotel Natty and her father had been living in. After overhearing Connie reporting her as an abandoned child, Natty runs away to find her father on her own, embarking on a cross-country journey. Along the way she is befriended by a wolf who travels with her for much of her voyage, has a brief, innocent romance with another young traveler , and encounters various obstacles that test her courage, perseverance, and ingenuity."] ["The film opens with a man named Dr. Carver trying to generate a super Gnome Warrior, but it disintegrates. It then turns to Penny Proud, who is celebrating her 16th birthday, and fails her driver's ed. She and her friends are excited to be a part of 15 Cent's  dance group, Spare Change. When 15 Cent drives her home, Oscar Proud, her overprotective father, gets mad when he finds them kissing. After Oscar grounds her, Penny resents him as her father. Oscar creates a everlasting multiplying formula that was supposed to make his Proud Snacks tastier, but it instead causes the snack to expand and explode. As he is hauled away from his presentation, he proclaims that his formula has no expiration date. Dr. Carver, the great-great-grandson of George Washington Carver, overhears Oscar's ranting. Carver has been trying to create an army of humanoid peanut warriors, but has never gotten his formula stabilized and plots to get Oscar's. Disguising himself, Carver invites the Proud family to Legume Island. Trudy forces Oscar, Sugar Mama, and Penny to go in hopes they will re-bond. The Prouds meet the inhabitants of the island, short peanut creatures called the Genomes. Carver tries to negotiate obtaining the formula from Oscar. When Oscar refuses, Carver reveals the evil peanut clones of his family from DNA snatched from them while they were partying. Oscar runs away and tries explaining to his family, but they don't believe him. The clones get a mix-up when the real Penny comes with them back to the mainland to search for the formula; Penny's clone remains with the original family. Penny soon enjoy the free life which the clones allowed her, but tires of it very quickly. She also discovers that Cashew, a Genome she befriended earlier on the island, had stowed away; he wanted to see what it was like to have a 'real family. He also reveals to her the true nature of the clones. At that moment, Wally leads the Prouds and the Penny clone on a perilous journey to the other side of the island, where he claims there is someone who can answer their questions. Along the way, the Penny clone proves to be the kind of daughter Oscar desires – obedient. When they meet the person Wally wanted them to meet, he turns out to be the real Dr. Carver. Dr. Carver explains that he created a clone of himself out of a peanut. Unfortunately, the clone went sizzling crisp in the sun one day and turned to evil. Donning a disguise of his original form, the clone took over the island and the Genomes and began using Carver's peanut research for evil. Oscar realizes his formula is the key and tells the family he had left it in a locket for Penny's birthday, which she opened back home. Her clone informs the other clones, who take the formula. Penny and Cashew gather her friends to go back to Lagoom Island and rescue their family. They steal 15 Cent's yacht to get there, but Penny accidentally sinks it. Unfortunately, the Carver clone has already prepared to leave to take over the world with his Supergenomes. The clones attack Penny and her friends and family, but she convinces the Oscar clone to help - by bribing him with hot dogs, which he had become obsessed with earlier in the film - and he defeats the rest of the clones. Seeing the Carver clone making his getaway, the original Dr. Carver reveals a possible solution - a container of gas that could instantly turn solid peanuts into peanut butter. Penny takes the gas, boards the clone's airship, and battles him with help from Oscar, who para-sails up using one of Sugar Mama's giant underwear. Just as Penny is on the verge of releasing the gas, Dr. Carver offers her to join him and live a free life, without rules or responsibilities. However, Penny retorts that, even though they aren't the perfect one, her family is who she cares about and unleashes the gas, foiling the clone's plot and destroying the army. The clone, having only been hit slightly by the gas, turns back into a peanut and falls into the ocean. Oscar then gives Penny her birthday necklace, stating that he now knows she's mature enough that she is ready to make her own decisions. Penny and Oscar make up on national TV. 15 Cent has Penny and her friends sing instead of acting as his back-up dancers and the crowd loves them. On Legume Island, the real Carver and his peanut people along with the proud clones listen as a radio announcer says that Penny and her friends song has been popular for five weeks  in a row. In an extended ending, the scene fast-forwards three days later where Cashew is now part of the Proud Family, Penny is receiving her driver's license and, unfortunately, she helps Oscar by driving through town advertising his new drink Pork-Nut-o-Rade, but Puff drank it back home earlier, turning him into a monster. He chases them around the world up to China, until Suga Mama, who also drank the concoction, takes him home."] ["Set in Depression-era Yorkshire, England, Mr. and Mrs. Carraclough are hit by hard times and forced to sell their collie, Lassie, to the rich Duke of Rudling, who has always admired her. Young Joe Carraclough grows despondent at the loss of his companion. Lassie will have nothing to do with the Duke, however, and finds ways to escape her kennels and return to Joe. The Duke finally carries Lassie to his home hundreds of miles distant in Scotland. There, his granddaughter Priscilla senses the dog's unhappiness and arranges her escape. Lassie then sets off for a long trek to her Yorkshire home and the boy who loves her. She faces many perils along the way—dog catchers and a violent storm—but also meets kind people who offer her aid and comfort. At the end, when Joe has given up hope of ever seeing his dog again, the weary Lassie returns to her favorite resting place in the schoolyard at home. There, Lassie is joyfully reunited with the boy she loves."] ['Ten-year-old Felicity Merriman is growing up in Williamsburg, Virginia, just before the American Revolution. Felicity longs to be free . High-spirited Felicity would rather rush into exciting adventures, like taming the wild horse owned by the cruel leather maker, Jiggy Nye. Even with the warnings from her parents, she runs off in the morning to be with Jiggy Nye\'s horse who is named by Felicity "Penny". Felicity isn’t the only one questioning what’s right and what’s wrong. Change is in the air as some colonists,like Felicity’s father and his apprentice, Ben takes steps toward independence from the king of England. Others like Felicity’s dear grandfather and her best friend, Elizabeth are shocked that anyone would question the rule of the king. How can Felicity choose a side when she knows it means being disloyal to someone she loves? As the Revolutionary War threatens to tear friends and neighbors apart, Felicity’s family faces a crisis or two of its own.'] ['The year is 1492. Many people believed that the world was flat, and that ships would fall off the edge of the earth and float off into space. However, an Italian navigator named Christopher Columbus had a revolutionary idea - he thought that the world was square. That is, until a small woodworm named Pico overhears him and convinces Columbus that the world is really round by eating up the edges of his square globe, making it look round. Finally realizing that the world is round, Columbus decides to take his discovery to King Ferdinand and his wife Queen Isabella. Pico joins him, and the duo instantly become friends. As Columbus shows the King that the world is round and not flat, the King is outraged by this theory and has his guards throw Columbus out. But before they even get his hands on him, Isabella barges in and is instantly lovestruck by Columbus. Columbus explains his voyage that\'ll prove his newly-discovered theory to Isabella, and she decides to finance Columbus\'s voyage to prove that the world is round. The King agrees to do this as well, but he tells Columbus that if he doesn\'t return with gold, he will be executed. As the three have a feast that night, Pico decides to leave them and snoop around the castle. He climbs a large tower and hops across from the window onto a chandelier, where he meets Marilyn, the fairy princess of a faraway land. All was well with her land until the evil Swarm Lord took her away and keeps her prisoner inside the chandelier until she tells him the secret of her powers, which don\'t work on the forces of evil. Pico and Marilyn try to escape, but the Swarm Lord returns and takes Marilyn away to his lair in the still-undiscovered new world of America. As the Swarm Lord flies away, Pico determines to get Marilyn back. The next day, Columbus is about to set sail on the Santa Maria to discover the new world. Pico rushes to the ship, but is stopped by a trio of rats, who plan to eat him. Pico manages to escape, but the rats follow him, hopefully to get a free ride to the new world. Pico gets on board Columbus\'s ship. The two friends reunite, and Pico explains that he needs to save Marilyn. Columbus\'s shipmates overhear their captain talking to Pico, and come to the conclusion that Columbus is crazy. As the ships continue on their voyage, Pico bumps into the rats again. They want to leave the ship on one of the lifeboats, because they overheard that the ship is heading to the supposed "edge of the earth". Pico needs them to stay, in case if the shipmates want to plan a mutiny on Columbus, and the lifeboat is his only chance. Pico convinces the rats to stay with his lie that there\'s giant amounts of cheese at the new world. As day fades into night, Pico overhears that the shipmates really plan to kill Columbus and turn back in order to stay away from the edge of the earth. Pico tells this to Columbus, and Columbus is worried. However, he distracts his crew by singing a song to them about life on the sea and other leaders from other time periods, including Ulysses, the Romans and the Vikings. Though he gets carried away with the final lyrics to the song that insults the crew , they let Columbus live. The next day, Columbus and the crew think they see land, but it\'s actually a deserted Viking ship. The crew is angry at Columbus once more and try to hang him. As he\'s hanging, Columbus sees the new world. Just then, the Swarm Lord flies over the ship and tries to kill everyone on the ship. The ship manages to get away, and lands on The New World by crashing into a dam made by a beaver named Bob. While the crew stays behind, Pico, Columbus, Bob, and two of the rats  go through the jungles of the island to the Swarm Lord\'s Aztec temple. Meanwhile, the Swarm Lord still wants Marilyn\'s powers, but Pico and his friends come in and save the day. Columbus climbs up to the top of the Swarm\'s giant honeycomb and takes a golden idol while Pico saves Marilyn. Columbus uses the idol to squash the Swarm Lord, and Bob has finished chewing through the honeycomb, which causes it crumble. The temple starts to crumble as well. The team escapes, but Marliyn drowns in a waterfall and is found lifeless on a floating flower. Once the sun rises, she comes back to life and Pico and Marliyn kiss. Afterward, they encounter the island\'s natives, who thank Columbus for destroying the Swarm Lord. The group sail off back to Spain, and Columbus is happy knowing that he discovered the new world and proved that the world is round. The film ends with Columbus imaging what America will be like many years later, to the song "Heaven Is" by Al Jarreau.'] ['Two teenagers are stranded in the wilds of Northern Canada after a plane crash and they must call upon an ancient Native American spirit of a legendary white wolf to help them survive.'] ['Four teenagers and a 12-year-old boy go to space camp for three weeks during the summer to learn about the NASA space program and mimic astronaut training. They meet their instructor, Andie Bergstrom, a NASA trained astronaut who is frustrated that she has not yet been assigned to a shuttle mission. Her bitterness is compounded by the fact that her husband, camp director Zach Bergstrom, is an astronaut who has walked on the moon. Max befriends a robot named Jinx, which was deemed unsuitable for space work because it overheated and was overly-literal. Max and the robot declare themselves to be "friends forever", while Kevin pursues Kathryn romantically. Rudy wishes to open the first fast food franchise on the moon, and Tish reveals that despite appearing to be a Valley girl, she is a genius with a photographic memory. Kathryn and Kevin sneak away for some romance near the launch pad, but Jinx unintentionally gives them away when Andie and Zach discover they are missing. During a confrontation, Andie explains that she believes Kathryn has what it takes to accomplish her ambition, and understanding the necessity of the harsh treatment Andie is giving her, she vows to improve her performance. Zach\'s conversation with Kevin is less successful. Kevin takes out his anger on Max, and while upset Max states that "...I wish I were in outer space..." Taking him literally, Jinx secretly enters NASA\'s computer room and prepares a "thermal curtain failure" on the Space Shuttle Atlantis while the group are on board. This causes one of the boosters to ignite during the engine test. Launch Control is forced to ignite the second booster and launch the shuttle in order to avoid a crash. The shuttle is not flight ready however; it has no long range radio, is critically low on oxygen and does not have enough air to last to the re-entry window at Edwards Air Force Base. Andie takes the shuttle to the partially constructed Space Station Daedalus to retrieve oxygen stored there. Realizing that while they have no voice communications with NASA they do have telemetry, Tish begins using a switch to send a Morse code signal to NASA, but it is not noticed by ground control. Andie is slightly too big to reach the oxygen cylinders, so Max suits up for an EVA. During a critical moment, Max begins to panic until Kevin, knowing that Max is a fan of Star Wars, begins calling him "Luke", and tells him to "use the Force", which calms him enough that he can complete the mission. Max and Andie retrieve the containers. In the shuttle, Rudy attempts to decipher the technical schematics to work out how to feed the oxygen into the shuttle\'s tanks. His lack of confidence frustrates Kathryn, who tries reading the diagram herself and gives Andie instructions that conflict with Rudy\'s. Andie follows Rudy\'s correct instructions. Kathryn\'s self-confidence is shaken as she realises her interference nearly caused disaster. The second oxygen container malfunctions, injuring Andie. Unaware of this, Ground Control begins the autopilot sequence to land the shuttle - closing the bay doors and stranding Andie outside. Andie regains consciousness and urges them to leave her and take the re-entry window, as the shuttle does not have enough oxygen to make the next window. Kathryn is unable to make a decision, but Kevin finally shows himself to be the shuttle Commander and overrides the autopilot. Max rescues Andie. Having missed the Edwards re-entry window the crew come up with a plan to land at White Sands, New Mexico. Armed with this news, Tish uses morse code to signal NASA to let them land there. In Ground Control, Jinx brings the signal to Zach\'s attention, and they prepare for the White Sands landing. With Andie injured, Kathryn fulfills her role as pilot, but begins fretting and doubting her abilities until Kevin cajoles and teases her into landing the shuttle.'] ['After her father\'s ship \'Hoptoad\' is carried off by a sudden storm, the spunky Pippi Longstocking  is stranded with her horse, Alfonso, and her pet monkey, Mr. Nilsson, and takes up residence in the old family home, Villa Villekulla, which is thought by neighborhood children to be haunted. Soon, two children, Tommy  and his sister Annika , venture into the house only to meet up with Pippi. The three soon become friends and get into various adventures together, including cleaning the floor with scrubbing shoes, dodging the "splunks", going down a river in barrels, running away in a homemade autogyro, keeping the house from being demolished by crooks, and helping Pippi with the problem of having to go to an orphanage. Pippi eventually chooses to go after she and Tommy and Annika almost fall down a waterfall, and their parents refuse to let her play with them anymore. Pippi does not fit in with the other children and misses her parents. That night, however, she saves the orphanage from a fire and becomes the town heroine. Pippi decides that the orphanage is not for her and is allowed to return back to Villa Villekulla and befriend Tommy and Annika once more. She is reunited with her father on Christmas Day and he offers her the chance to become a cannibal princess, since he was washed ashore of an uncharted island where he was crowned king. At the last minute Pippi decides to stay because she cannot leave Tommy and Annika.'] ['Opening on a pub near Loch Ness, a scientist named Dr. Abernathy steps out for some air. Standing on the shore of the loch, he sees something rise from the water. Astonished, he takes a single photograph before slipping and falling on the rocks, killing him. A short time later in Los Angeles, disgruntled freshman college tutor, Dr. John Dempsey , is obligated to journey to Scotland to replace Dr. Abernathy, who was searching for the Loch Ness Monster. Dempsey is reluctant to do so, as he ruined his respected zoology career after a fruitless three year search for the Sasquatch and is now considered a joke amongst his colleagues. The only reason he agrees to go is because he is broke and cannot pay alimony to his demanding ex-wife, Caroline, whom he once named a newly discovered species of wasp after. Dempsey travels to Scotland and reluctantly begins on a cryptozoology mission along with Adrian Foote , former assistant to Dr. Abernathy and an eager young Scottish man who fanatically believes in the existence of the creature. Dempsey repeatedly claims there is no mystery and that the monster is just a hoax created by the locals of Loch Ness to support their economy. John books into a small inn and meets his grouchy landlady, Laura McFetridge  and her nine year old daughter, Isabel, who quickly grows close to John. John quickly finds himself in hot water with the locals, in particular one named Andy McLean , who sees Dempsey as a rival for the affections of Laura. The water bailiff, , guardian and protector of Loch Ness, does all he can to ensure that Dempsey fails in his search and leaves the loch empty-handed. After the sonar equipment is sabotaged by the locals, Dempsey confronts the water bailiff, who insists that the mystery of Loch Ness will never be destroyed. Dempsey challenges him to "come out and watch him". After scanning the entire loch and finding nothing, Dempsey declares it is the end of the Loch Ness monster, leaving Adrian crushed, but the subsequent argument between them ends on a slightly reconciliatory note when Dempsey tells Adrian that, despite his scepticism, he did want to find the monster. Throughout the film, Laura overcomes her initial dislike of Dempsey and they quickly grow attracted to each other. Isabel possesses a second sight and is able to foretell certain things, such as her mother\'s growing affection for Dempsey. The day before Dempsey\'s departure from Loch Ness, Adrian brings him the remainder of Dr. Abernathy\'s possessions, including his camera. The next morning Adrian is awakened by Dempsey, who says they are going back out for another sweep of the loch. He reveals that after developing the pictures on Abernathy\'s camera, the last picture on the roll shows a large, rhomboid shaped flipper submerging into the water. After tracking a 40 ft object chasing a school of salmon, it collides with the boat, sinking it and sending Dempsey and Adrian into water. Dempsey nearly drowns but somehow surfaces after a large dark object is seen moving in the water behind his quickly sinking body. After returning to the inn, he is ecstatic, claiming to have seen the creature while under the water. After Dempsey is beaten up by Andy McLean for "moving in on his woman", Isabel makes him a get well card which features a drawing of what she calls a "water kelpie." Dempsey realises that Isabel, too, has seen the monster, as her drawing of the creature\'s fins are identical to the picture taken by Abernathy. After Dempsey promises to buy her the red bicycle that she has always wanted, Isabel agrees to show him the monster. Later that day, Isabel leads Dempsey to a underground cavern beneath Urquhart Castle and warns him not to use lights as it scares the creatures. After a startling encounter with some sea otters, Dempsey prepares to leave, humiliated. Suddenly a plesiosaur rises from the water and Isabel is shown to know it very well, even being able to communicate with it through a series of whistle-like calls. Responding to the calls, a second creature appears, the two animals apparently being mates. While in an astonished euphoria, Dempsey ignores Isabel\'s warnings and takes a photograph, the flash alarming the creatures, causing them to dive back into the water and cause havoc. Isabel falls into the water and almost drowns and Dempsey is saved by the furious water bailiff. Dempsey develops the photographs and faces Laura\'s wrath about him using Isabel and nearly getting her killed. Laura refuses to have anything to do with Dempsey or his discovery of the monster, despite his claims that when he reveals the existence of the creatures, Laura\'s business will boom as people from all over the world come to the loch to see the monsters. Laura evicts John and Isabel is deeply hurt that Dempsey used her in such a way. Upset, but not about to give up his chance at vindication, he leaves for London to attend a press conference where he plans to reveal the photos of the monsters to the world. The water bailiff follows him on the train, imploring him not to reveal the truth of Loch Ness. Dempsey insists that exposure will be best for the creatures, claiming that science will be able to care for the creatures professionally. Scornful, the water bailiff points out the irony in that it was not science that helped his "discovery", but a little girl. He also reminds Dempsey of the harm done to the planet because of science and that these creatures have survived unaided since before the ice age. At the conference, Dempsey is unable to go through with it and replaces the real photos with Isabel\'s drawing of the "kelpie", causing an uproar while he discreetly leaves. On the way out, he tells a baffled Adrian that he had the pictures made by computer before he ever came to Scotland. Adrian, knowing the truth, understandingly plays along. Meanwhile, on a bus headed back to Loch Ness, the water bailiff discovers the pictures inside his suitcase and is moved almost to the point of tears. Dempsey returns to the inn and reunites with Laura, along with the red bicycle he promised Isabel. In Loch Ness, the plesiosaur pair is seen swimming underwater with a baby alongside.'] ['Five teenagers and a teacher go on a two-week trek through the Cascade Mountains. At first, they had a great time; making new friends and enjoying the wild. They then go to Eagle Rock where Mr.B ([[Matt McCoy  tells about his life in the woods, which refers to the Gary Paulsen book, Hatchet. When they are on top of Eagle Rock, Mr. B falls in the woods, so the teenagers set off on a journey to find him. When they find him, they help him recover from the fall. It ends with the teenagers finding rescue helicopters and returning home safely. Only two of them had really seen the white wolf but never told Mr. B.'] ['The film\'s prologue depicts Jim Hawkins as a five-year-old  reading a storybook in bed. Jim is enchanted by stories of the legendary pirate Captain Flint and his ability to appear from nowhere, raid passing ships, and disappear in order to hide the loot on the mysterious "Treasure Planet". Twelve years later, Jim  has grown into an aloof and alienated teenager. He is shown begrudgingly helping his mother Sarah  run an inn and deriving amusement from "solar surfing" , a pastime that frequently gets him in trouble. One day, a spaceship crashes near the inn. The dying pilot, Billy Bones , gives Jim a sphere and tells him to "beware the cyborg". Shortly thereafter, a gang of pirates raid and burn the inn. Jim, his mother, and their dog-like friend Dr. Delbert Doppler  barely escape. The sphere turns out to be a holographic projector, showing a map that Jim realizes leads to Treasure Planet. Doppler commissions a ship called RLS Legacy, on a mission to find Treasure Planet. The ship is commanded by the cat-like, sharp-witted Captain Amelia  along with her stony-skinned and disciplined First Mate, Mr. Arrow . The crew is a motley bunch, secretly led by cook John Silver ([[Brian Murray , whom Jim suspects is the cyborg of whom he was warned. Jim is sent down to work in the galley; despite his mistrust of Silver, they soon form a tenuous father-son relationship (a montage featuring the song "[[I\'m Still Here . During an encounter with a supernova, Silver falls overboard but is saved by Jim. The supernova then devolves into a black hole, where Arrow drifts overboard and is lost, for which Jim blames himself for failing to secure the lifelines, while in fact Arrow\'s line was cut by a ruthless insectoid crew member named Scroop . As the ship reaches Treasure Planet, mutiny erupts, led by Silver. Jim, Doppler, and Amelia abandon the ship, accidentally leaving the map behind. Silver, who believes that Jim has the map, has a chance to kill Jim, but refuses to do so because of his attachment to the boy. The fugitives are shot down by a mutineer during their escape, causing injury to Amelia. While exploring Treasure Planet\'s forests, the fugitives meet B.E.N. , an abandoned, whimsical robot who claims to have lost most of his memory and invites them to his house to care for the wounded Amelia. The pirates corner the group here; using a back-door, Jim and B.E.N. return to the ship in an attempt to recover the map. Scroop, aboard the ship as lookout, stalks and fights Jim. B.E.N., working to sabotage the ship\'s artillery, accidentally turns off the artificial gravity, whereupon Jim and Scroop threaten to float off into space. Jim grabs the mast while Scroop becomes entangled in the flag and cuts himself free while Scroop floats away, presumably to his death. Jim and B.E.N. obtain the map. Upon their return, they are captured by Silver, who has already captured Doppler and Amelia. When Jim is forced to use the map, the group finds their way to a portal that can be opened to any place in the universe; this being the means by which Flint conducted his raids. The treasure is at the center of the planet, accessible only via the portal. Treasure Planet is revealed to be a large space station built by unknown architects and commandeered by Flint. In the stash of treasure, Jim comes across the skeletal remains of Flint himself, holding a missing part of B.E.N\'s cognitive computer. Jim replaces this piece, causing B.E.N. to remember that the planet is set to explode upon the treasure\'s discovery. In the ensuing catastrophe, Silver finds himself torn between holding onto a literal boat-load of gold and saving Jim, who hangs from a precipice after a fall. Silver saves Jim, and the group escapes to the Legacy, which is damaged and lacks the motive power required to leave the planet in time to escape. Jim attaches a rocket to a narrow plate of metal and rides it toward the portal to open it to a new location while Doppler pilots the ship behind him. Jim manages to open the portal to his home world\'s spaceport, through which all escape the destruction of Treasure Planet. After the escape, Amelia has the surviving pirates imprisoned aboard the ship and offers to recommend Jim to the Interstellar Academy for his heroic actions. Silver sneaks below deck, where Jim finds him preparing his escape. Jim lets him go, inheriting Silver\'s shape-changing pet called Morph . Silver predicts that Jim will "rattle the stars", then tosses him a handful of jewels and gold he had taken from Treasure Planet to pay for rebuilding the inn. The film ends with a party at the rebuilt inn, showing Doppler and Amelia now married with children, and Jim a military cadet. He looks to the skies and sees an image of Silver in the clouds.'] ['{{Plot}} Pete Turner  is the leader of a good-deed-doing group, the ButterCream Gang, in the small rural town of Elk Ridge. Before he moves away to live with his aunt  in Chicago, Pete bikes over to their treehouse, searching for Scott Carpenter , Eldon Flowers , and Lanny Glenn . He climbs up to the tree, being surprised by the rest of the gang. After a brief discussion, Pete nominates Scott to become the new leader of their small band. At the bus station, Pete says good-bye to all his family and friends, then departs on the bus to Chicago. Throughout the school year, Scott and Pete keep in touch by writing letters. As President of the ButterCreamers, though shortest in stature, Scott exceeds the others in honesty and conviction. Pete and Scott exchange several letters, but after a while the two lose touch as Pete befriends a local gang. One night, Pete and his two friends are arrested for committing a petty crime in an alley. A while after the arrest, Pete returns home with his gang, the Blades, to an angry Aunt Maria. After Pete sends his gang away to save them from being scolded, Aunt Maria reveals to Pete a letter indicating that he had been expelled from school for breaking into a kid\'s locker. Aunt Maria decides to send Pete back to Elk Ridge, and says that she and Pete\'s grandfather, Mr. Turner, agree that going back to Elk Ridge would be the best thing for him. One day, Scott, Eldon and Lanny go over to Mr. Turner\'s house, hoping to find Mr. Turner. Instead, they are surprised to find that Pete was the one who was home. They are also surprised by Pete\'s new "threads". After the boys ask Pete numerous questions about his lack of contact, he replies by offering to buy them treats at Mr. Graff\'s store. There, Pete and Mr. Graff greet each other for the first time since Pete had returned to Elk Ridge, and Scott suspects Pete shoplifting some treats for the gang. While the boys wait outside, Scott notices that the treats he gave to the gang were not paid for. Later on that afternoon, while the boys set up to mow Mrs. Jenkins\' lawn, Scott calls a meeting regarding his suspicions about Pete. Eldon and Lanny doubt him. After mowing the lawn, Scott goes to borrow Margaret\'s report she had written on gangs in big cities. That night, Scott encounters Pete in his room. Pete confesses stealing, and that he would apologize and pay for the treats he stole, and would clean up his act. The next day, Regina seeks advice from Margaret: get her young friends to help Scott, Lanny and Eldon by spying on Pete. They together form a smaller, unofficial branch of the ButterCream Gang that they call the ButterCreamettes. Together, they discover that Pete started a gang with two local bullies. Together, they vandalize the town, bully young children at the play park, and a whole bunch of other dirty deeds. The afternoon before the dance, Scott, Lanny, and Eldon are in their treehouse discussing the issue of Pete\'s lack of help toward the gang. They come to an agreement that if Pete did not start helping that he would be dismembered. Margaret later comes to the treehouse, reporting to the gang the actions Pete and his friends had recently performed. Immediately afterward, she collects on the favor Scott owed her, which was to take her to the dance that night. While doing his paper route, Scott passes the cemetery on his bike, and catches Pete and his friends all biking in a circle around Margaret, verbally abusing her. Scott breaks up the circle, knocking one of Pete\'s friends off his bike to the ground. After Scott insists that Margaret leaves, the boys claim that they\'re having a little fun. After the boys insult Margaret behind her back, Scott delivers the message to Pete what he and Eldon and Lanny had agreed on. Pete then removes himself from Scott\'s gang, firmly claiming that he now had his own gang. After Pete and his friends leave, Scott then goes home to get ready for the dance. That night during the dance, in which Eldon and Lanny also attend, Pete and his friends, who happen to be at the dance and notice Scott, light a mini firecracker, which Pete throws right near where Scott and Margaret are dancing. When it explodes, this interrupts the dance. Scott then catches Pete and his gang running off, and runs after them, followed by Eldon and Lanny. Violence escalates, as Scott and Pete agree to a fight the next day in the field. The next day at Church, Scott\'s baseball coach and Pastor Reverend Willke, gives the "Was That Somebody You" speech. Specifics he claim are how an eye-for-eye or tooth-for-tooth have been replaced. During this church session, Scott suspects that Willke had known about the fight Scott had planned with Pete, by the way Willke was looking at him while giving the speech, which tied right into Scott\'s plan. Eldon and Lanny both have been thinking the same thing, but Scott calms them down by explaining that he heard Willke practicing earlier. Later that day, while Pete and his friends are waiting in the field for the fight, Eldon and Lanny arrive, claiming that Scott wanted to meet Pete alone by the rusted truck in another field. Pete then goes over, expecting a fight, but Scott, following the lecture Willke had given, claims there is a better way than fighting. When Pete claims he\'s afraid of nothing, Scott then challenges Pete to spend the day with him, if he had the guts. The next day, Pete follows up, and the two spend the day fishing in the swimming hole, as well as swimming, jumping off the diving platform they built, swinging off the rope, and skipping stones, generally reliving the good times they had together as best friends. At the end of the day, Scott and Pete are in the treehouse, reflecting on the day. Scott then further confronts Pete on his recent behavior. The conversation goes in different directions, and before Scott departs, Pete enforces to Scott that there are only two types of people: friends, and your enemies. The next day, Scott and his baseball team, the Red Sox, warm up for their championship game against the Braves. For the majority of the game, the Red Sox are dominant, leading by 6 home runs. When Pete shows up to the game, his presence somehow hurts the Red Sox\'s momentum as the Braves come back to even the score. When Scott is the last chance the Red Sox have of re-taking the lead, his concentration is thrown off by Pete, who jinxes him while Scott hits the ball, as the catcher catches the ball, eliminating Scott. An angered Scott then runs back to the fence where Pete stood on the other side, scolding him for messing him up. Mr. Turner, who was at the game, apologizes to Scott for Pete\'s behavior. Scott angrily replies, stating that Mr. Turner could send Pete back to Chicago where he belonged. Coach Willke, who is furious with Scott, removes him from the game, claiming he wanted to see him after. An ashamed Scott apologizes, and Mr. Turner forgives him. The Red Sox then lose the championship game in dramatic fashion. After the game, Scott goes to meet Coach Willke, who is understanding of Scott losing his temper after costing his team a possible shot at winning the championship. While throwing Scott a few balls for him to swing, he teaches him about Mahatma Gandhi\'s use of nonviolent resistance to deal with opposition. He also stated that an "eye-for-an-eye" makes the world blind. Scott finally hits a ball out of the ballpark, re-claiming his good hit he had seemed to lose in the game. One day, when Scott is heading over to the local Annual Picnic on his bike, he is stopped by Pete in the bush. While Pete tells Scott to never ever threaten him, Pete\'s two friends grab him off his bike, and take him into the bushes to beat him. Scott later shows up to the picnic with his nose bleeding. He meets up with Lanny and Eldon, who are concerned with Scott\'s bleeding nose. Scott tells them not to worry, and asks them to do Scott\'s paper route this afternoon without any explanation. He then heads back to the field, looking around for Pete. When they find each other, Pete is ready to fight. Scott, whom once again, followed the wisdom of his coach, walked away, whilst stating to Pete that an "eye-for-an-eye" makes the world blind. At home, Scott has another discussion with his parents. His father then teaches Scott about unconditional love. After reporting the stolen treats to Mr. Graff, claiming that Pete felt he deserved the items he stole for all the help Pete gave around the store. Graff then claims that he would give Pete the treats, in appreciation for the help, and also to prevent him from stealing. Scott then uses what his father taught him to try to redeem his friend. Scott goes over to Pete and his friends, claiming that Pete was his friend, and would always be his friend. When Pete challenges Scott to take his bike from him, Scott gives it to him. Ever since, Pete\'s gang repays his kindness with malicious pranks and assaults. Pete attempts to get back to Chicago by staging his "kidnapping". With help from a seedy drifter, money is demanded from Pete\'s grandfather under threat of Pete\'s life. But Scott and his friends, taking this at face value, attack the pretend kidnapper, who is no match for Eldon\'s patented "Earthquake Stomp". Angrily, Pete tells them off and runs off to the grocery store, where he demands money. The grocer refuses to let him rob him by offering to give him the money. Flabbergasted by this, Pete attacks the store\'s goods—terrorizing the shoppers—and sends treats flying across the room. After Scott arrives, Pete breaks down and runs away. Later in the year, Scott and his friends are pleasantly shocked to read in a newspaper article that Pete has started a new ButterCream Gang in Chicago, keeping it a complete secret from everyone. To conclude the movie, the entire town , sing Pete\'s favorite commercial lyric "You got the right one baby! Uh-huh, uh-huh".'] ['Keira Knightley stars in this made-for-TV Disney adventure that puts a spin on an often-told story. The film picks up years after the "known" events of the Robin Hood legend, centering on Robin\'s daughter, Gwyn, played by Knightley. As Maid Marian has died and Robin Hood  is perpetually away battling in the Crusades, Gwyn has lived much of her life alone. She has grown up to be a strong-willed young woman with a talent for archery, much like her father. Her only friend is the sweet but plain Froderick , who clearly is in love with her. Upon the death of Richard the Lionheart, Robin returns to see that the proper man takes Richard\'s place as king of England. However, Robin is quickly foiled and imprisoned by his enemies, the Sheriff of Nottingham  and Prince John . It is then up to Gwyn to save the day. She must complete Robin\'s mission to find and protect the young Prince Philip , who has just returned from exile in France to claim the throne — not an easy task since he has decided to forsake his true identity and is traveling anonymously under his valet\'s name . Though she does fortuitously cross paths with the prince, she is not aware of his identity for much of the film. With a romantic spark budding between them, they must find the Merry Men and join forces to free her father from the tortures of the Tower of London before the evil Prince John ascends to the throne and brings England to ruin. After freeing her father, Gwyn along with her father and Prince Philip stop the coronation of Prince John. In the end when Philip is about to be crowned as king, Gwyn with a heavy heart tells him that she can only serve and work for him and they cannot be together. Robin later explains that he stayed out of Gwyn\'s life in order to protect her from the life he leads, but it didn\'t make any diffrernce because she grew up to be just like him anyway. He then proposes a partnership between the two of them to serve Philip, with the only condition being that she take her orders from him  alone. She agrees, and at the end they are seen together leading Robin\'s Men, side by side.'] ['Feluda played by Soumitra, the sharp and witty detective from Calcutta, his cousin Topshe and friend Lalmohan Ganguly played by Santosh Dutta visit Benaras , a town on the banks of Ganges. In Benaras they meet a Bengali family. On coming to know that Feluda is a famous detective the head of this family invites him to his place and tells him about theft of an idol of Ganesha, the elephant God. This idol is made of pure gold and is a prized possession of the family,which the ancestor has brought from Nepal and is supposed to bring good luck to the family. "Maganlal Meghraj"  a wealthy businessman from Benaras has had his eyes set on the idol. Feluda promises to help the family in finding the idol. Meanwhile, the sculptor who was sculpting the Durga idol for the Durga Puja festival is murdered and the mystery deepens. Feluda uses his brilliant detective skills to unravel the mystery and bring the culprits to the book. The story has two sub plots. On the one hand, it is the story of the acquisitive instinct of a greedy Marwari businessman, who would spare no expenses or ways to get what he desires, even if it is at the cost of murdering some innocents and bribing the willing. On the other, it is also the tale of cautionary foresight exercised by the family head. The sights and sounds and the brilliant cinematography and photographic imagery takes the nostalgic viewer to a lost world of the innocence, the beauty and the freshness of a north Indian town, that is at once, far from the madding corruptibility of big cities. Subaltern texts like the caste and the communal divide do make their presence felt, but they exist as subplots, that further enrich the viewer\'s understanding.'] ['Set in between the third film  and second film , Fievel, his friend, Tony and his sister, Tanya all get jobs at the local newspaper, where the audience is introduced to Nellie, who wants to be an important reporter, but only gets small assignments, as if she were a secretary to Reed, the newspaper\'s editor. Throughout the film, Tanya tries to win Reed\'s heart, while Tony tries to get noticed by Reed and promoted to a reporter. Like in the previous movies, where a mouse installation is directly below its human installation counterpart, the newspaper offices the mice work in is directly underneath the newspaper offices the humans work in. Nellie gets a chance when she is assigned to report mice who disappear overnight into holes that open up on their floor all over New York. Reed makes up a, as Nellie calls it, "so-called monster" that lives under Manhattan and takes mice away during the night to add more excitement to the otherwise unimportant story, intending to sell more papers. The night monster creates fears among the readers, as could be expected. Fievel begins having nightmares that cause him to lose sleep because of his fear of the monster; the film opens up with Fievel having a dream about being chased by what he thinks the monster looks like. When, through Tanya, he is assigned the job of following Nellie and drawing up interperatations of what the monster looks like based on witness testimony, this makes his insomnia all the worse. A particularly suspicious miniature French poodle named Madame Mousey, who has started living among the mice about this time, appears at every crime scene, claiming to be a fortune teller. The heroes finally decide to investigate her by means of the "dog council" that meets at Central Park. They also search down one of the holes, which leads directly to a group of cats hiding in the sewers. Also, all the mice that had disappeared are being held in wood cages there, to be sold off to other cats and eaten. The night monster itself, a mechanic device with ghastly flashing pictures and a circular saw, is revealed in full when it attacks the mice newspaper office and printing press to prevent them from printing the truth, which they had just discovered. A great chase scene takes place throughout both the mouse and the human newspaper offices. Reed reveals that he was in love with Nellie all along, much to Tanya\'s intense dismay. When all the cats seem to be under control, the "dog council" appears just as they\'re regaining consciousness and chase them all away, taking Madame Mousey with them. The last scene takes place at the beach, where the audience is told that the "dog council" had chosen for the French poodle  a punishment worse than prison: returning her to her owner. Mrs. Mousekewitz, Fievel\'s mother, surmises saying that now that the mystery has been cleared up, Fievel may finally go to sleep, only to turn around and find him already asleep on the beach towel.'] ['{{plot}} White Fang bands together with a friend of his master, Henry Casey  to stop miners from destroying a ritual land. Henry and White Fang get washed up while sailing to bring their gold to town and he is found by Lilly , a girl from the nearby Native Americans who has been sent out to find the one who will bring the caribou back to the starving tribe. Lilly introduced him to his father, Moses  and to the tribe. At first, Henry finds the natives and their beliefs strange and does not want any part of them, but by being open-minded, Henry will be a hero for these people in need of them. While Jack Conroy  was in San Francisco, White Fang lives and bands together with his master\'s friend, Henry Casey . While they are sailing to bring their gold to town, they got washed up. At the Native Americans tribe, while Moses  dreamed about White Fang, and with his daughter Lilly . He said that Lilly will guide them the way finding the wolf. Lilly sailed to the river, and then walked through the forest, when she heard White Fang barking. She ran fast as she could, and she found White Fang, but suddenly disappeared, then she saw Henry, she took him. Then they traveled back to the starving tribe. Then she introduced him to her father. While Moses was telling that he is the wolf, Henry said that he is not the wolf, but the wolf was his friend, and he is a human, leading to a laughter of the crowd. While White Fang was left at the river he walked through the wilderness of the forest, and saw wolves, he followed them, and saw a pack, but he did not join. That day, Henry went back to the town.Then he saw hungry people, and he was seen by Reverend Leland Drury, saying " Sad, isn\'t it?".But White Fang, who saw the village, went there and he was seen by Lilly, and called Moses, his father, and said "That\'s him". Moses went to see White Fang,but the half-dog, half- wolf ran away. The next day, Henry decided to go back to the village, with a white cloth. He saw Lilly, and decided to give the cloth to her, Lilly said something that led Henry to be angry. While White Fang was at the forest, he saw again the pack, but one female wolf decided to join him play. That night, he was in the Native American group dancing the Native American dance, suddenly, he heard White Fang howled, and Moses allowed him to go. Henry to run and traveled to the forest with a torch, calling White Fang, and he saw a wolf, and gently saying White Fang, and was surprised that it was another wolf, and White Fang came and protected him against the wolf. And Henry called White Fang to go to the village, but because White Fang had another friend wolf, that made him hesitate. Henry understand White Fang and let him to go with his friend, but White Fang decided and joined Henry traveling back to the village. When he slept, he also dreamed what Moses dreamed about, White Fang and Lily, but now, with him. Moses then prepares Henry, giving him a pack of arrow and a bow and being sent to the forest to practice his skills in hunting. He shot once but missed, but is surprised that an arrow hit his target perfectly. He shouts if someone is there, and Lilly comes out. She then helps him how to hunt using his bow with extreme accuracy. Peter and Henry practice hunting in the forest. Lilly, now Henry\'s love interest, was the cousin of Peter, so he asked some ideas how she could answer her. Peter said "Put your chin to her shoulder, and whisper through her ears," then Henry asked then, Peter said "She\'ll break your nose." Moses allows Peter, Lilly\'s cousin to hunt with Henry,then after that Lilly\'s mother asks his husband, Moses, what will happen next, and he says that Peter will not come back. Lilly is forcing his father to join Henry hunt, but his father replied that she\'s a woman, and she can\'t hunt. When the time of the hunting came, Henry, with White Fang and Peter goes to the forest. Lilly, grabs her bow and secretly slips into the forest to join Henry hunt. Henry and Joseph then see that the village\'s hunters that didn\'t return. Henry, accidentally steps into a trap, resulting in a log to be swung towards, but successfully evades it. Peter, goes up to the dead body of the hunter that didn\'t listen to Henry, who said not to go there, then a bullet hit the dead body, and Henry saw it. Peter ran tree by tree, with the man with the gun chasing him. Henry and White Fang continued traveling, and Henry stepped in a trap, and there was the man, with his rifle, he aimed Henry with his gun, then suddenly, Lilly saw him and the guy, she made fire as fast as she could, and put her arrow on the fire, and aimed her bow with the arrow with fire, and hit the man, the man ran away, and his hiding area explode. Lilly pulled the rope and removed Henry. They continued traveling with White Fang. And then they were already at the final destination. Henry saw the path that blocks the animals.They went back and, they accidentally fell into a hole, which led them to the mining area. They quietly walked and hide from the miners. There was a guard guarding, and he suddenly heard a sound. He wandered what was there and Lilly shouted, and Henry hit him.They get the dynamite that will open the path that blocks the animals. Then they saw Reverend Leland Drury and the miners working. Henry shot him, and Reverend Leland Drury ordered his miners to catch him. Henry and Lilly ran. Henry saw an exit, but Lilly was caught by the miners, Lilly let Henry go. Then Henry saw White Fang. He guards him from Reverend Leland Drury\'s men while he plants the dynamite to the path.The path already explode!! The animals were free. Reverend Leland Drury ordered his men to get the girl. Henry and White Fang ran, and they saw Lilly with Reverend Leland Drury. White Fang jumped and attacked Reverend Leland Drury, while Henry jumped in order to save Lilly. Henry untied Lilly, and when the screw combining the horses and the thing Reverend Leland Drury and Lilly riding on was removed, it separated it and the thing Lilly and Henry was riding on fell into a cliff then they both jumped off.Reverend Leland Drury, who already climbed the cliff where he also fell,was shocked when he saw the animals running. He was stepped by that group of animals. Henry and Lilly went into where White Fang fell. They saw him weak. They carried him and returned to the village. They saw Lilly\'s parents. Moses went to Lilly and Henry with the weak White Fang.Henry ran towards Lilly\'s mother, with Peter, that died. After the hunt, Lilly and Joseph went to the forest, and Lilly gave Henry his gold. And said Henry can leave now. And Lilly walked through the village. Henry, arranging his things talked with Moses.The village thanked him. When Henry was ready to go with White Fang, Lilly wore the white cloth that Henry gave him and ran towards him. She shouted "White Wolf!!" Henry ran towards her. Lilly said " I choose you". Then she hugged him. After that Lilly kissed him. And White Fang\'s female wolf friend was there. White Fang ran towards her. Like what Henry and Lilly did, she also kissed him and hugged him. Three months later, White Fang and the wolf had many puppies. Henry and Lilly went at White Fang\'s place where the puppies where found.'] ['Nim  is an 11-year-old girl, whose mother, Emily, has died. Her father, Jack Rusoe , a marine biologist, said she was swallowed by a blue whale after it was scared by a ship called the Buccaneers. Nim lives on an island in the South Pacific and has some local animals for company: Selkie the sea lion, Fred the lizard, and Galileo the pelican. Jack goes by boat on a scientific mission of two days to find protozoa nim ; he wants to take his daughter along, but she convinces him that she needs to stay to oversee the imminent hatching of Chicca\'s eggs and can manage on her own; they will be able to communicate by satellite phone. Nim, who is fond of Alex Rover adventure books written by Alexandra Rover , receives an email addressed to her father with an inquiry about his field of knowledge. The sender "Alex Rover" seems to be the explorer, but is actually Alexandra, a neurotic San Franciscan who constantly sees her character Alex Rover . An email conversation follows, where Nim first acts as her father\'s assistant and goes to the island with the volcano. Jack suffers a shipwreck, which makes it impossible for Nim and Jack to communicate. Therefore he does not return as planned. Galileo brings Jack things he needs to fix his ship. Nim explains the situation to "Alex". Although Alexandra suffers from agoraphobia and therefore never leaves the house or even opens the door, she travels to the island to rescue Nim. The island is visited by tourists. Nim believes them to be pirates. Without revealing herself she gets out of the crater just in time as plumes of clouds burst out. Down at the beach the tourists scramble to the boats One of them, a young, rich boy, Edmund, sees and follows her. He is confused by her presence but believes her to be another tourist. When he tells the others they do not believe him.'] ['Little Marines is an action/adventure/comedy film set in Little Rock, Arkansas. The film portrays a journey embarked upon by three boys across the woodlands near their home town to spend a summer vacation together camping in the wilderness. The film lacks the “traditional plot” of other films and focuses more on the life of the three boys in general. The film opens on the last day of school in Bryant, Arkansas. The audience is introduced to the three main characters leaving school and heading home to enjoy their summer vacation. They later meet up at Stevie\'s house and discuss the camping trip they\'ve been planning on taking. The next morning Chris, Noah, & Stevie head out on bike to a remote campsite. Once there they construct a teepee, gather fire wood, swim, tell stories, reminisce, build a zip-line, and have a semi-dangerous encounter with a hooligan named "Snake" who temporarily terrorizes the three boys with a paintball gun.'] ["It is the eve of the Iranian New Year. The film opens in a Teheran market where seven year old Razieh  and her mother are shopping. Razieh sees a goldfish in a shop and begins to nag her hurrying mother to buy it for the festivities instead of the skinny ones in her family's pond at home. Almost all of the film's major characters are briefly seen in this market scene, though they won't be introduced to the viewer until later. On their way home, mother and daughter pass a courtyard where a crowd of men has gathered to watch two snake charmers. Razieh wants to see what is happening but her mother pulls her daughter away, telling her that it is not good for her to watch these things. Back home, Razieh is upset about her mother's refusal to let her buy a new goldfish, but continues her campaign of nagging. Her older brother Ali  returns from a shopping errand for their father who, although remains unseen has a tangible presence causing tension in the family. He complains that he asked Ali to buy shampoo, not soap, then throws the soap at him. Ali sets off to buy the shampoo and when he returns Razieh enlists his help in changing her mother's mind about the goldfish, bribing him with a balloon. Insisting that she can buy the goldfish in the market for 100 tomans , Razieh finally gets her wish. Her mother gives her the family's last 500-toman banknote and asks her to bring back the change. Razieh sets off with an empty glass jar to the fish shop a few blocks away. Between their home and the fish store, Razieh manages to lose the money twice, first in an encounter with the snake charmer, and then when she drops the money through the grate at the entrance to a store which has been closed for the New Year celebration. Razieh and Ali make several attempts to retrieve the money and receive assistance from many people, including the owners of nearby shops and an Iranian soldier. The money, however, is always just out of reach. Finally, the siblings receive help from a young Afghan street vendor selling balloons. He carries all of his balloons on a wooden stick, and has only one balloon, a white one, left. The group attaches a piece of gum to one end of the balloon stick, and with it, they reach down through the grate and pull the money out. The film ends, not with Ali and Razieh, but with the young Afghan boy, who has become an important character only at the very end of the film."] ['The film is about a class field trip to the Oregon Trail that results in the class and teacher getting lost.'] ['Set in the late 1580s, the film very loosely follows the real-life exploits of the 16th century Irish prince "Red" Hugh O\'Donnell. The story begins when Hugh\'s father, the king, dies, leaving his son the throne of Donegal. With his ascension to the throne, an Irish prophecy is seemingly fulfilled which promises independence from Elizabethan and English rule. The O\'Donnell lords see this occurrence as the opportunity to strike back at the foreigners by force, but Hugh convinces them the right plan is to band together with the other clans of the island, and bargain for their freedom from a position of strength. As he prepares for battle, O\'Donnell also courts the beautiful Kathleen McSweeney, to further augment the clans of Ireland.'] ["In the summer of 1980, Beth Easton and her recently-widowed mother move from Los Angeles to a small town in Washington in an attempt to reassemble their broken lives. At first, Beth misses L.A. and resents their new life in the country, but a chance encounter with the outspoken and free-spirited Jody Salerno piques Beth's curiosity about the town. Jody, a social outcast with a troubled homelife and an alcoholic mother, shares Beth's love for 'Winnie the Pooh' stories, and the two girls become fast friends. Looking for adventure, Beth and Jody make plans to explore the mysterious caves below Bear Mountain, where legend tells of a long-lost gold mine buried deep within the mountain's treacherous depths. However, Beth and Jody are not the only people hunting for this treasure, and the two girls must rely upon their wits, their courage, and the power of their friendship if they are to survive this ordeal and strike it rich."] ['The Wild Stallion is about an 11 year old girl from Cleveland, Ohio named Hanna Mills , who wants to photograph wild horses for a project and to try to help save them. Her mom died a few years ago of cancer. After visiting a ranch during summer vacation and befriending another 11 year old girl named CJ , the girl learns about illegal activities that might jeopardize the mustangs. Along the way she learns about the horses including the legend of the black stallion and she makes a new friend in CJ.'] ['{{Original research}} Romeo is a dog who once lived in luxurious surroundings. One day his owners decide to migrate to London and he is left at the mercy of the servant of the house, who dumps him on the street. Left to fend for himself, he is soon cornered by the local gang &mdash; Guru, Interval, Hero English and a dog-wannabe-cat, Mini, who tell him that this is their domain. Romeo does not know the street lingo and is at a loss for words at first, but he manages to win the gang over with the idea of setting up a business. Together, they set up a successful dog-grooming business until Chhainu , the right-hand of gangster-dog Charlie Anna , arrives to collect "hafta"  in the form of bones. Romeo throws Chhainu out, and the others, terrified, go to Charlie to plead their case. Charlie threatens them with his trio of ninja dogs, whom he calls his Angels, but Romeo tricks Charlie into allowing his friends to leave unhurt. Romeo then meets Laila, who is singing from a rooftop, they dance and he falls in love. To win her over, Laila tells Romeo he must dance with her in front of everyone at the "Moonlight Club" where she performs. Romeo says yes, unaware that Charlie has long wanted her, and anyone who dares go near her is punished. However, Romeo braves the odds and dances with Laila to win her heart. As love blossoms between the two, Charlie, in a fit of rage, captures and terrorizes Romeo. Romeo then promises that he would make Laila fall in love with Charlie. Romeo does not intend to lose Laila, but plans to deflate Charlie\'s ego by having a disguised Mini pretend to be Laila and make it clear she\'s not interested. This only ends up exacerbating Charlie\'s ire, forcing Romeo to promise him a second meeting with Laila. The night of the appointment, however, Chhainu catches Romeo kissing Laila, who then shouts at Romeo telling Laila of Romeo\'s deal with Charlie and angrily says she never wants to see him again. Charlie\'s Angels are then wooed by Guru, Interval and Hero English, and Charlie is chased and caught by the city dog catchers. But just before Charlie is caught with a net, Romeo pushes him under the dog-catchers van to escape while Romeo go\'s, Charlie then convinces Guru, Hero English, Interval and Mini to create a distraction to get the guard away from the van, they succeed and Charlie jumps on the van and says he will free Romeo using a pin in his chain to pick to lock, but the van begins to drive and he falls off, after which Charlie races after the van, losing the pin in the progress, but they improvise with one of Charlie\'s ear hairs. They escape but Romeo feels there no point staying as Laila said she never wanted to see him again, the next day in the morning, Romeo throws his sack onto an open train boxcar about to leave the station but Charlie arrives with Laila and the others, Charlie says to Romeo that he is a fool for leaving Laila when she still loves him, he explained everything and says she is Romeo\'s and no one elses, he lets go of her hand and Laila begins to run after the train, while Romeo holds his hand out for her, Charlie remarks " where have i seen this before". She reaches for his hand and grabs it but the handle Romeo was holding had lost its top screws, making him fall off with Laila, after which they raise there heads to each other and say "I love you" in sync. It then go\'s to the "Moonlight Club" where everyone is back singing a remix version of "Main Hoon Romeo".'] ['Corinne is a country girl from Gascony who dreams of being a Musketeer. She goes to Paris with a letter for Monsieur Treville, the captain of the Musketeers and an old friend of her father\'s, so she might be accepted as a musketeer. However, becoming a musketeer is not easy for Corinne. Even she is hired as a palace maid, not musketeer. She meets another three girls who dream to be musketeers too: Viveca, Aramina, and Renee. An old maid named Helen trains them to be true musketeers. Finally, Corinne and her friends have a chance to save the Prince Louis from his evil uncle. Prince Louis make them royal musketeer. In the end, Corinne and her four friends ride horse saying, "All for One, and One for All"'] ['It has been three years since "nutty" inventor Wayne Szalinski  shrunk his kids. He and his family have now relocated from California to Nevada and have welcomed a new son into the family, 2-year-old Adam. His wife, Diane, is helping their daughter, Amy  get all settled in at college, for which she is departing. As she is gone, Wayne is supposed to look after Adam and their oldest son, Nick . Nick has matured since the last film. He is more interested in guitars and has a liking for a girl he meets at his job, Mandy Park , although she does not feel the same way about him. Wayne takes Adam and Nick to his job at Sterling Labs, where he is the head of a project, even though Dr. Charles Hendrickson  is trying to take over it. Wayne begins to experiment with an idea on a machine that can make objects grow. He uses Adam\'s toy, Big Bunny, as the test subject. As a power surge occurs that distracts both Wayne and Nick, Adam gets out of his stroller, gets in the way of the machine, and is zapped. Suddenly, the machine breaks. Dismayed, Wayne and his sons go home. Deciding to spend some time with Nick, Wayne calls in Mandy to babysit Adam. Later on, Adam begins to grow via electric waves from the microwave where Wayne is trying to make some lunch. Wayne and Nick try to take him back to the lab, but are stopped by Hendrickson. Diane  comes back home and is shocked to find her son {{convert}} tall. She and Wayne drive to a warehouse to find his original shrink ray to shrink Adam back to normal size. While Nick watches him at the house, Mandy comes by and faints after seeing Adam. Having no choice, Nick then has her bound to a chair and gagged, to prevent her from running away and screaming. He unties and ungags her, only to find that Mandy goes hysterical, so Nick ties her up and gags her again. After Nick explains to her what happened and she finally calms down, Adam is then exposed to the television set, breaks through the walls of the house, and is loose on the streets, now {{convert}} tall. Nick then unties Mandy and convinces her to help him, promising that he\'ll pay her overtime. Mandy agrees, and the two go looking for Adam. At the warehouse, Wayne and Diane search for the shrink ray through tons of crates. They finally find it and leave to return home. However, Hendrickson finds out about the "big baby" and reports it to his boss, Clifford Sterling . He then gets several law enforcers to put Adam in a truck after finding him and taking Nick and Mandy into custody. Wayne and Diane return home with the shrink ray, only to find the boys gone and facing legal action from Hendrickson, who wants them arrested on the charges of theft, malicious mischief, and child endangerment. Hendrickson also intends that the authorities get Adam to be put to immediate testing, much to Wayne\'s anger. In the meantime, Adam accidentally breaks free from the truck when he grows to {{convert}} tall due to high voltage lines the truck passes. Meanwhile, Sterling arrives to discuss the situation, and Wayne admits that he may be a flawful inventor but at least a good person, stating that all good inventors make mistakes all the time, and that he is willing to clean the mess up. Sterling agrees with him and gives his support to Wayne and Diane to shrink Adam back to normal size, but not before firing Hendrickson. Wayne suddenly discovers that Adam grows while he is near electricity, and Marshall Brooks tells him that Adam is headed straight for Las Vegas. After finding him, Nick and Mandy are mistaken for toys and he puts them in his pocket. In the meantime, Hendrickson, angry at Sterling for giving his dismissal, gets one of the board members Terrence Wheeler  of Sterling Labs to authorize an airstrike with the Nevada State Military with the usage of tranquilized cartridges. Hendrickson manages to get the clearance for the strike from the board, despite the pilot\'s strong objections . Now {{convert}} tall, Adam begins roaming the streets of Las Vegas. The citizens and visitors are stunned to see the gigantic baby in Godzillaesqe manner, but he seems to think that the likes of "Vegas Vic" and all the neon lights are some kind of playground for him. Wayne and Diane arrive in time with Sterling, but there is still a problem: Adam needs to stand still for twelve seconds for the shrink ray to work. In an effort to keep him away from the lights, Wayne gets Brooks to drive an ice cream truck to lure Adam out of Las Vegas and back to Vista Del Mar while Sterling gets all the casino lights to be turned off to ensure that the plan goes smooth. The plan is a success, and Diane convinces Wayne to enlarge her with the shrink ray, stating that although Adam will listen to his parents, as he \'knows\' that his mother is larger than him, he will not register her at his current size. Meanwhile, back at Vista del Mar, Adam has approached a Hard Rock Cafe and rips off the guitar from its sign, hoping to play with it. Hendrickson arrives in the helicopter and proceeds to shoot him with tranquilizer cartridges. The first shot misses him , but the second hits the guitar, giving Adam a painful electrocuting shock, forcing him to throw the guitar into the pavement before crying in pain. The once-panicked crowd below watches in sympathy for Adam\'s pain, realizing that he was not a menace but merely an innocent baby. Before Hendrickson has a chance to fire again, Diane  grabs the helicopter and demands Hendrickson and the pilot to back off. The pilot, who is glad for this as he never wanted to participate in the strike, agrees and stands down, much to Hendrickson\'s dismay. Diane then reunites with Adam, and as she holds him still, Wayne and Sterling shrink both of them back to normal size. Afterwards, Hendrickson makes an excuse for shooting Adam, saying that the tranquilizer cartridges would not have hurt him, but Diane doesn\'t buy it and angrily punches him, knocking him out. As the morning sun rises over the desert, Nick, now shrunk again by the ray along with Mandy and the car, finally wins Mandy\'s heart. Adam is excited to see that his Big Bunny is now over fifty feet tall. As Wayne and Diane share a kiss, the credits roll.'] ['The film takes one year after the events of the first film. Elliot  has grown giant new antlers and is getting married to Giselle . But during a mishap, Elliot\'s new antlers are cracked off and now look like they did in the first film, which upsets him. Luckily, Boog  and the others manage to cheer Elliot up by having a rabbit fight. But Elliot has new emotions about his marriage and feels reluctant to marry Giselle. Mr. Weenie  finds a dog biscuit trail that his previous owners left behind and uncontrollably follows it. At the climax of the wedding, Elliot witnesses Mr. Weenie being taking away by his old owners, Bob and Bobbie . Elliot tells the story to the other forest animals  and decide to make a rescue mission to save him. The other ones that go on Elliot\'s rescue mission are Boog, Giselle, McSquizzy , Buddy, , and Serge  and Deni . Meanwhile, the other pets meet. There is Fifi , a toy poodle and his basset hound companion Roberto, , two cats named Stanley  whose companion is a mentally retarded cat named Roger , and a Southern dog named Rufus , whose companion is his girlfriend Charlene . Fifi discusses his hatred for wild animals as one night he goes into the bushes to retrieve his chew toy and is shocked by the wild animals inside, and accidentally gets his tail touched by the bug lighter. He then tries to maul a nearby rabbit, until stopped by his owner. Meanwhile, the wilds find Weenie, much to Elliot\'s dismay, who does not want to marry Giselle. They try to free him while his owners are in a gas station. They free him from his chains, but accidentally leave him stuck on the RV along with Buddy. Elliot and Giselle get in a feud, and eventually leaves Elliot to search for Mr. Weenie himself, while Serge and Deni fly to look for him. The owners reach the pet camp with Mr. Weenie and Buddy, unbeknownst to them. The other pets meet with Weenie, and Fifi tries to change Weenie back into a pet, but fails. Buddy helps Weenie escape and Buddy tries to free Weenie from his shock collar. During the chase, Fifi gets shocked by the collar and gets his forehead burned, which causes him to lose most of his sanity. Meanwhile, Serge and Deni return and explain they found Weenie and Buddy at a pet camp, which they now escaped from. Boog and the others set camp at a human camp, and Boog tries to convince Giselle that Elliot is a good person and they are good together, but fails. Elliot, meanwhile, is having a horrible time, following his own tracks that he confuses for Mr. Weenie\'s and gets his head stuck on a trash can lid with gum on it, but misses his friends and becomes a mess. The wilds reach the pet camp, but the pets and their owners have already left, but realizes that they have gone to Pet Paradiso, a vacation spot for pets. Elliot finds Weenie and Buddy and is convinced to go to Pet Paradiso to save his friends. The wilds reach Pet Paradiso and try to sneak in by disguising themselves as pets, with Giselle as a dalmatian and McSquizzy as a chihuahua. Boog attempts to sneak in as a cat, but gets the idea to be a sheepdog. Elliot also disguises himself as Boog\'s female human owner. Giselle and McSquizzy walk around Pet Paradiso looking for Mr. Weenie, but their cover is blown and are kidnapped by Fifi and the other pets. Elliot, Boog, Buddy and Mr. Weenie attempt to go inside to save Giselle and McSquizzy, but are captured by Fifi as well. Fifi tries to kill them with a pile of shock collars. As Boog tries to stop Mr. Weenie from going down a waterslide, his cover is blown as well and the security try to tranquilize him after he causes a rampage after people confuse his weight. Before Fifi shocks the wilds into submission, Elliot tries to profess his love for Giselle, but fails. As Fifi is about to fry the wilds, Boog, is was chasing Weenie down a waterslide, enters the pets\' lair, and the water that was rushed from the waterslide forces everyone out of the lair. A battle between the wilds and the pets ensues, with the Pet Paradiso security focused on tranquilizing the wilds. Elliot saves Giselle and accidentally places all the shock collars on himself. He also wrestles Fifi in the pool for the shock collar remote. Fifi eventually grabs the remote and activates all the shock collars, but does not realize that Elliot put all the shock collars on him. Fifi survives, but the explosion caused him to lose his hair and become bald. The pets and the wilds settle their differences and decide to become friends. Mr. Weenie decides to join the pets and returns to his owners in rejoice. Elliot finally professes his true feelings for Giselle, and they get married. During a music number called Close to You, Elliot falls off the edge again and his remaining antler falls off , to which Boog says, "Ooh. That just ain\'t right.", with Elliot heard exclaiming, "Oh, come ON!". :'] ['An alien spaceship crashes near Searchlight, Nevada, outside Las Vegas. Project Moon Dust, a secret Defense Department unit led by Henry Burke  and one of his young unnamed task forces, arrives in black helicopters. Men in Black seize the ship and search for its passengers. Jack Bruno  is a former mob get-away driver who drives a cab to avoid returning to jail. One of his passengers is Dr. Alex Friedman , a failed scientist who is in Las Vegas to speak at a UFO convention at the Planet Hollywood hotel. After resisting two thugs who seek his services for a mob boss, Bruno finds two teenagers, Sara  and Seth , in his cab. They offer $15,000 to drive to a certain destination. Burke\'s men follow the cab; Bruno believes that the government agents are more mob thugs, and evades them with his driving skills. Seth\'s ability to vary his molecular density helps the group to escape. When they arrive at an abandoned house, Bruno follows them out of concern and curiosity. The teenagers retrieve the device they were looking for within a hidden underground laboratory, but the three are attacked by a "Siphon" , a powerful armored alien assassin. During the attack Seth is knocked unconscious by a strong blast. They escape into the cab and Jack demands to know what is going on. The Siphon pursues the group until its spaceship crashes into a train and the creature is wounded. The three again escape Burke\'s agents, in part due to Sara\'s unusually strong telepathy and telekinetics. Bruno brings Seth and Sara to Dr. Friedman at the UFO convention, who realizes that the teenagers are what she has been searching for and joins the group. There, the teenagers explain to Bruno and Friedman that they are from a dying planet 3,000 light years from Earth. Its government intends to invade Earth, despite the idea being unpopular among the majority of their race, so that their kind may survive. Seth and Sara\'s parents are scientists who sought a way to save their planet without invasion but were arrested before completing their experiment. The teenagers came to retrieve the successful results, but the alien government sent the assassin to stop them. To save both worlds, they must retrieve their spaceship and return home. Fellow UFOlogist and conspiracy theorist Dr. Donald Harlan  tells them that the spaceship was taken to the secret California government base Witch Mountain. The group arrives at the base but are captured; Burke orders that the teenagers be prepared for vivisection, but feels that no one will believe the adults. The Siphon attacks Witch Mountain and battles the soldiers, allowing Bruno and Friedman to infiltrate the base and free Seth and Sara. They launch the ship, escape through the mountain\'s tunnels, and finally kill the assassin who has stowed away on the spaceship. The teenagers give Bruno and Friedman a tracking device that will allow the aliens to always find them, tearfully wish them farewell, and return to their planet. Bruno and Friedman become successful authors of Race to Witch Mountain: A True Story. They promote their book and knowledge on the UFO convention circuit, explaining that the publicity protects them from government reprisal. As they leave a convention the alien device activates, implying that the teenagers may be returning to Earth.'] ["It has been years since Wayne Szalinski  blew up his son, Adam, to gigantic size. Nick Szalinski, like his sister Amy, is now living away from home to college and Wayne is the president of Szalinski Labs, with his brother Gordon Szalinski  as head of research and development. Adam , now ten years old, is having trouble making his father understand that he wants to go to baseball camp, instead of science camp, like he wants him to. Diane Szalinski  is having a hard time adjusting to Wayne's attempts to create new machines and raising her son. She and her sister-in-law, Patti , are heading out of town for the weekend while Wayne and Gordon watch their kids. While she is out of town, Diane demands that Wayne get rid of the seven-foot-tall Tiki Man sculpture that is in their hallway. He agrees, but has a better plan in mind. He decides to secretly shrink it to carry with him always instead of throwing it away, even though he was prohibited from ever using the machine again. While the kids are away buying groceries, he and Gordon bring it up to the attic where his famed shrinking machine resides. The shrinking machine has been upgraded and streamlined over the years , and now sports a large red button to fire it. While searching for the now-shrunken Tiki Man, Wayne and Gordon are accidentally shrunk to 3/4 of an inch tall when a croquet ball accidentally rolls from a shelf and lands on the button. After forgetting to give Gordon and Patti's son, Mitch , who has a potassium deficiency, his medicine, the women decide to drive back. When they return, they hear a sound in the attic, and go up to investigate. After going in, however, the same result that befell Wayne and Gorden happens as the shrink ray starts up again and another croquet ball activates it, shrinking Diane and Patti. Adam and his cousins, Mitch and Jenny , come home to find that their parents are not there. After hearing an old message on the answering machine, they believe that their fathers are at the space shuttle launch. Diane is infuriated with Wayne's antics and they decide that they need to get their children's attention. After climbing a wicker chair, they decide to ride a fishing pole thread down from the attic window and into Adam's room. Jenny decides to throw a party with her friends in the living room, which infuriates the adults. The shrunken adults reach Adam's room, ride on his Sharkruiser car on a Hot Wheels track, and accidentally fall into the laundry chute, landing in a basket of laundry. The group then stumbles upon a cockroach, from which Wayne saves Diane. Jenny's friends begin to arrive, including Jill , whose heart Adam is interested in winning. While walking around, Wayne and his family watch as Mitch begins to stumble without his medicine. The group plans to split up with Wayne and Gordon planning on rewiring the speakers to make their voice loud, while Diane and Patti look in the kitchen for Mitch's medicine. The group uses Jenny's friend's bubble machine to float down to the first floor. While the women land safely, the Men's bubble flies out of control, causing it to pop on the chandelier and they land a bowl of onion dip. They then proceed to nearly get eaten by the party girls, but, thanks to sloppy eater Jill, they fall out of the bowl and are safe. Diane and Patti stumble upon a daddy long-legs caught in a spider's web. As Patti clears the web with a nail file, Diane talks to the daddy long-legs, and realizes that being his size is bad enough without her trying to kill him when she is normal size. In the meantime, Ricky King, Jenny's crush, comes over to the house with his friends uninvited and begin to liven things up at the party, as Wayne and Gordon try to hot-wire the speakers. Ricky steals an unwanted kiss from Jenny in the kitchen, which Diane and Patti witness. Jenny, angry at Ricky, discourages him for doing so, stating that he could've asked if she wanted to kiss him in the first place. Ricky then claims that lots of girls like the way he kisses, but Jenny retorts at this, stating that she's doesn't believe that way. She then declares then party over, which gives Patti a new judgment on her. Adam finds Mitch very ill and goes into the kitchen to look for his pills, which Diane and Patti could not push into view. Mitch sees the mothers and faints  and needs potassium in his system to stay awake. Adam, after remembering that he found out bananas have potassium from his dad, saves Mitch by getting Jenny to feed him some. However, Ricky and his friends begin to cause havoc at the party as revenge for Jenny's discouragement, scaring Jenny's friends around. Still declaring the party over, Jenny demands Ricky and his friends to leave at once, but they refused, saying that they'll leave when they want to. Adam then tries to back up Jenny, which then prompted Ricky to bully Adam and mock Wayne's inventions. Fortunately, Wayne finally succeeds in hot-wiring the speakers, and Gordon pretends to be God, scaring Ricky and his friends, as well as Jenny's friends, to leave the house at once. Following the departure of the guests, Gordon reveals that the adults have been shrunk and that Diane and Patti are in the kitchen, which worries Jenny. The kids find all of their parents and place them in front of the shrink ray, having set it via Wayne's instructions to change them back to normal size. After contemplating what life would be like if they leave their parents shrunk, they chose to give them a second chance and hit the button together. After reuniting, Wayne announces he understands Adam's interest in baseball over science, and Diane tells Wayne that she is not going to sweat the small stuff anymore and that he can do whatever he likes with the Tiki Man. Patti begins to trust Jenny, and finally, Wayne decides to step down from the position of President of Szalinski Labs and get back to his true passion as a hands-on inventor, giving Gordon, who likes organizing things and is good with people, the job of President. The film's last shot reveals that Wayne has blown up the Tiki Man to tremendous size to loom over the house from the backyard."] ['Ellie  and Manny  are expecting their first child, and Manny is obsessed with making life perfect and safe for the family, since his first experiences as a husband and father went bad when his family was killed by hunters. At the same time, Diego  finds himself unable to catch a cocky gazelle  he has been stalking and decides to leave the herd, believing that he is losing his predatory nature as a tiger. Sid  grows jealous of Manny and Ellie and "adopts" three apparently abandoned eggs that he finds in an icy underground cavern and call them Eggbert, Shelly, and Yoko. Manny tells him to put them back , but Sid instead looks after the eggs, which hatch into baby Tyrannosaurus the next morning. Although Sid tries his best to raise the three dinosaurs, their rambunctious behavior scares away all the other animals\' young and ruins a playground Manny built for Ellie\'s baby. A female Tyrannosaurus, Momma, whose eggs Sid stole, soon returns and carries both Sid and her young underground, with Diego in pursuit. Manny, Ellie, Crash, and Eddie  follow as well and discover that the icy cavern leads to a vast jungle populated by dinosaurs thought to be extinct. Here, an Ankylosaurus threatens the herd despite Diego\'s efforts to fend it off; they are saved from a further crowd of angry reptiles by an insane, one-eyed weasel named Buckminster, or Buck  for short. Buck has been living in this jungle for some time and is chasing Rudy, an abnormally large albino Baryonyx,{{cite news|url\'Ice Age\' warms up to dinosaurs in third installment|work2009-06-30|accessdateSusan | lastScrat and Scratte Like the previous Ice Age films, the film opens with the saber-toothed squirrel Scrat , who does everything he can to retrieve his precious acorn. This time, he falls in love with his female counterpart Scratte , with the song "You\'ll Never Find Another Love Like Mine" by Lou Rawls playing in the background, but an acorn appears instead after the music stops. The two fight over the acorn with Scratte is flung off the ground. As Scrat tries to save her, the two hold onto the acorn and the music starts back. Suddenly, she demonstrates her ability to glide like a flying squirrel, leaving Scrat falling to the ground. The two eventually fall in love after Scrat saves her from falling to her death in the lava river while she is unconscious. He even chooses to focus his attention on her instead of the acorn until the end of the film, when he tires of her finicky nature and reverts to his old ways. The ensuing fight between the couple leads to a volcanic explosion  that hurls Scrat and the acorn back to the surface, leaving Scratte trapped underground. However, as Scrat is about to enjoy his acorn, a stray piece of ice falls on him and knocks the acorn back into Scratte\'s hands. He screams in frustration, having lost both his acorn and Scratte.'] ['Vicky  is the son of Halvar , chief of the Viking village of Flake. Halvar is a strong and big warrior who measures the strength of people through muscles. Vicky, on the other hand, is a small but very smart boy who always has to prove his father that ingenuity of a man can meet muscles. One day the village of Flake falls under attack, and all the children – including Vicky’s girlfriend Ylvi  – are kidnapped except for Vicky himself, so Vicky, his father Halvar and the other Vikings of the village decide to go out and try to rescue them.http://www.wickie.film.de/ The kidnappers turn out to be Sven the Terrible and his band of Viking pirates, who are hunting for a legendary treasure, and in order to gain it, they need the assistance of a child who has never spoken a lie in his or her life. Whilst in pursuit, the Flake Vikings pick up a young Chinese girl and an obnoxious bard  for company, and together they succeed in rescuing the children, outsmarting Sven and escaping back to Flake with the treasure .'] ['In 1885 Shostka, Russia, the Mousekewitzes— a Russian-Jewish family of mice —decide to immigrate to the United States after an army of cruel cats that belong to the Cossacks  destroy their village. During the trip overseas, the family\'s young son, Fievel, gets separated from the others and washes overboard in a storm. They arrive sadly in America, believing they\'ve lost their son. Fievel, however, floats to America in a bottle and, after a pep talk from a French pigeon named Henri, embarks on a quest to find his family. He is waylaid by conman Warren T. Rat, who gains his trust and then sells him to a sweatshop. He escapes with Tony, a street-smart Italian mouse, and they join up with Bridget, an Irish mouse trying to rouse her fellow mice to stand up to cats. When a gang of some cats called the Mott Street Maulers attacks a mouse marketplace, the immigrant mice learn that the tales of a no-cat country is not true. Bridget takes Fievel and Tony to see Honest John, a drunk  politician who knows all the voting mice in New York City. But, as the Mousekewitzes have not yet registered to vote, he can\'t help Fievel find them. Meanwhile, his sister, Tanya, tells her gloomy parents she has a feeling that he is still alive, but they urged her that the feeling would soon go away. Led by the rich and powerful Gussie Mausheimer, the mice hold a rally to decide what to do about the cats. Warren T. Rat is extorting them all for protection that he never provides. No one has any idea what to do about it, until Fievel whispers a plan to Gussie. The mice take over an abandoned building on Chelsea Pier and begin constructing their plan. On the day of launch, Fievel gets lost and stumbles upon Warren T.\'s lair. He discovers that he is actually a cat in disguise and is also the leader of the Maulers. They capture Fievel, but a goofy, soft-hearted orange cat named Tiger takes a liking to him and sets him free. Fievel races back to the pier with the cats in hot pursuit when Gussie orders the mice to release the secret weapon. A huge mechanical mouse, inspired by the bedtime tales Papa told to Fievel of the "Giant Mouse of Minsk", chases the cats down the pier and into the water. A tramp steamer bound for Hong Kong picks them up and carries them away. During the battle, Fievel is once again separated from those he loves and falls into despair when a group of orphans tell him that he should have given up a long time ago. Papa Mouskewitz overhears Bridget and Tony calling out to Fievel, but is sure that there may be another "Fievel" somewhere, until he sees Mama picking up his son\'s hat. They team up for a final effort to find him and, in the end, Papa\'s violin playing leads Fievel back into the arms of his family. The journey ends with Henri taking everyone to see his newly completed project— the Statue of Liberty, and the Mouskewitzes\' new life in America begins.'] ['It is the first day of school and children are beginning school for the first time. Breezy Brisbane is returning for another year. His mother tells him that he is to study hard in school and that he will be president some day. He answers back that he does not want to be president and wants to be a street car conductor. Brisbane then visits the blacksmith who gives him some encouraging words. Brisbane makes a wise remark, angering the blacksmith who tells Brisbane of a kid that got expelled back when he was a child. Brisbane then gets some bright ideas to get himself kicked out of school. Brisbane tells Stymie to call Miss Crabtree "Crabby", tells Dorothy to give Miss Crabtree a note stating she is hard of hearing, and tells Wheezer to answer questions rudely. Brisbane also puts tacks on the seats, glues Miss Crabtree\'s books together, and blows a loud horn in the classroom. Spud then recites a poem honoring the teacher. Brisbane then throws a spitball at Sherwood. Miss Crabtree sends Brisbane out in the hall. Brisbane then brings Dinah the Mule inside the schoolroom. Miss Crabtree then punishes Brisbane and tells him to learn Sherwood\'s poem and recite every verse to the class. Brisbane refuses and Miss Crabtree suspends him pending expulsion. Brisbane then realizes that being out of school with no one to play with and nothing to do is not all that much fun. He then learns the poem and sincerely apologizes to Miss Crabtree. She still makes him recite the poem and he does so in tears. Then Marmalade accidentally brings in a skunk from outside and it sprays, sending the class all outside and eliciting a bugeyed reaction from Pete the Pup.'] ["9-year-old Eva Gregory longs for a pet to call her own, but her mother Amy does not think she is responsible enough, and her stepfather Tom is allergic to fur. She cannot keep the pet at her father Peter's house because he is a pilot and travels a lot. One day, a Capuchin monkey runs away from his drunken master, gypsy thief Azro, who blames him for his domestic woes. He meets Eva in the park, and she names him Dodger. At home, she finds that keeping him a secret is trouble. She only allows her little half-brother Jack, who cannot speak yet, into her room with him. At a grocery store, Dodger steals food and hides it in Eva's backpack but she returns it. On her return home, she discovers he has also stolen golden jewelry and wallets. So she teaches him not to steal. Azro  kidnaps him at a pet shop where Eva had left him while she was at school. He discovers that he does not steal anymore. Angry, he confronts Eva while Amy, Peter, Tom, and his fellow police officers look for her. Dodger saves her and Azro is arrested by Tom. Azro's son Mark tries taking him back but fails. He ends up living with Eva, after she shows her mother that she is responsible and her stepfather discovers that he is not allergic to the fur of monkeys."] ["Jim Hawkins  is a young orphan living with his friends Gonzo and Rizzo at the Admiral Benbow inn in England. Dreaming of sea voyages, Jim only has the tales of Billy Bones  to help, Bones telling Jim and the inn patrons of Captain Flint , his old captain, burying his treasure on a remote island and killing all of his crew, and that no one knows the whereabouts of the map. One night, Blind Pew, a fellow pirate, arrives and gives Bones the black spot. Bones dies of a heart attack but reveals to Jim, Gonzo and Rizzo he had the map all along beforehand. Blind Pew returns with an army of pirates, but the boys escape with the map. Going to a harbour town, the boys meet the half-wit son of Squire Trelawney  who decides to fund a voyage to find Treasure Island and Flint's fortune. Accompanied by Dr. Livesey  and his assistant Beaker, the boys and Trelawney hire the Hispaniola, commanded by Captain Abraham Smollett  and his overly strict first mate Mr. Arrow . The boys meet the cook Long John Silver , a one-legged man who Bones warned the boys about before dying. The ship sets sail, but Smollett is concerned by the pirate-like crew, learning they were hired on Silver's suggestion. Jim and Silver bond, but Gonzo and Rizzo are captured by the pirates Polly Lobster, Mad Monty and Clueless Morgan who demand they surrender the map but Mr. Arrow catches them in the act and imprisons them in the brig. Smollett locks the map in his safe upon ordering Jim to give him the map for safekeeping. Eventually it becomes apparent that Silver is leader of the pirates and plots a mutiny, fooling Mr. Arrow into leaving the ship to test a lifeboat for safety precautions, and faking his death. Jim, Gonzo and Rizzo learn of Silver's plan and inform Smollett. Smollett planned to leave Long John Silver and those involved on Treasure Island. However, Silver captures Jim upon arrival at Treasure Island  with the other pirates stealing the map from Smollett's safe. Smollett, Gonzo and Rizzo go to save Jim but are captured by the local tribe of native pigs ruled over by Benjamina Gunn , Smollett's ex-fiance who he left at the altar. Jim, Silver and the pirates find the hiding place of Flint's treasure only to find the treasure missing, Silver sending Jim away as a fight breaks out among the pirates. The pirates come across Smollett and Benjamina. Smollett is then suspended from a cliff until Benjamina tells Silver the treasure is hidden in her home, but when Benjamina spits out a kiss from Silver, he leaves the two to dangle, allowing the pair to fall in love again. Jim, Gonzo and Rizzo find Mr. Arrow who aids them sneaking on board the ship and scaring off the pirates still onboard by posing as his ghost and freeing Trelawney, Dr. Livesey and Beaker, before the figureheads of the Hispaniola  save Smollett and Benjamina . A battle breaks out between the heroes and the pirates where Sweetums defects to Smollett's side by taking out some of the pirates. Smollett then fights Silver in a sword battle but loses. Jim and the others rally to their captain's aid, Silver surrendering honourably. All the pirates are stuffed into the brig but Silver escapes using Mr. Arrow's keys. Jim catches him in the act, but allows Silver to leave for the sake of their friendship. However, Mr. Arrow informs Jim and Smollett that the longboat Silver took was damaged, forcing Silver to abandon ship and swim to Treasure Island. The crew of the Hispaniola sail off into the sunset while some scuba-diving rats discover the treasure. During the credits, it is shown that Silver is marooned on the island with only a wisecracking Moai head for company as the Moai tells him a joke."] ['Charlie B. Barkin the German Shepherd/Collie mix  welcomes his friend Itchy Itchiford the Dachshund  to Heaven after the latter choked to death on a chicken drumstick. However, while Itchy embraces paradise, Charlie reveals he has grown bored since his death and wishes to return to Earth. Carface, Charlie\'s old enemy, and a Pit Bull/Bulldog mix , is also in Heaven, but he steals Gabriel\'s Horn. However, upon leaving Heaven and falling into the swirl cloud, Carface loses the Horn after he is sucked through an airplane\'s jet turbines. The dog angels are alerted of the Horn\'s theft by Annabelle, the head angel , meaning the Pearly Gates will not be open for deceased dogs. After using some smooth talk and persuasion, Annabelle sends Charlie and Itchy to San Francisco, California to locate and retrieve the Horn. She gives them 1 miracle to use. Upon arrival in the city, the two dogs discover they are ghosts, unable to interact with the physical world or be seen. The two go to a bar for dogs where Charlie falls in love with a pretty Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur . Carface appears in a corporeal form, courtesy of a red dog collar created by a mysterious dog named Red . Charlie and Itchy gain some collars, but they will only work for a day and Charlie and Itchy will become ghosts again after that. However, it is revealed that Red is really a Hellcat  planning to use the Horn to imprison and rule over the canine angels, and Charlie\'s collar will be used to manipulate him into gaining the Horn. Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and her adopted "kid": a 8 year old lonely boy named David  who ran away from home because his stepmother and his dad are going to have a baby together, making David feel as if they don\'t love him anymore. He wishes to become a street performer. Charlie agrees to assist David, much to Sasha and Itchy\'s objections, leading David to believe that Charlie is his guardian angel, a title which Charlie lovingly adopts. On the way to a nearby entertainment spot, the group spots the Horn being taken into a police station. After a chaotic distraction, Charlie and his group retrieve the Horn, with Carface failing to steal it from them. Charlie, however, starts to have second thoughts about returning to Heaven, and places the Horn in a tied-up lobster trap before kicking it into the dock to make sure nobody gets to it. The group goes to the entertainment spot on Easy Street{{dn}}, with David and the dogs entertaining an audience with magic tricks, but a rainstorm and David tumbling into a fountain ruins the act, leaving him and the dogs with no money to earn. The group takes shelter at the docks from the rain, where David reveals his mother has died and his stepmother is having a new child, so he ran away under the belief he would be forgotten, despite the fact that his stepmother is actually worried about him along with his father. Charlie promises to go with David back home, but then confides in Sasha that he may have to break his promise since he must return to Heaven with the Horn. Sasha reveals feelings for Charlie, but just as they are about to kiss, Charlie\'s collar vanishes and he and Itchy become ghosts again. Determined to fulfill his promise to David, Charlie races to Red\'s place for a new collar. Red manages to manipulate Charlie into agreeing to give him the Horn, with Carface kidnapping David and demanding that Charlie brings Red the Horn to Alcatraz Island. He then brings the horn to Red, who plays it and sucks all of the dog angels out of Heaven and into Alcatraz\'s prison, before it begins to sink into the ground. Charlie, Itchy, Sasha and David fight Red as he grows to a giant size monster, with Charlie finally obtaining the Horn and playing it again to free the angels, who return to Heaven, and sending Red back to Hell. Carface  reappears hoping to make amends as well as trying to downplay his involvement, but Red drags him into Hell as well, revealing to everyone that Carface sold his soul to Red in exchange for his collar. After Charlie and Sasha profess their love for each other, he and Itchy return to Heaven, but Annabelle decides to send Charlie to live with David, resurrected. Itchy, on the other hand, decides to remain in heaven. Charlie returns to Earth, meeting David and Sasha at David\'s family home where David is reunited with his family, learning of his stepmother\'s love, and he calls her "Mom". After David asks to keep Charlie and Sasha. Then Sasha asks Charlie why he came back. Charlie tells her that he came back to be her husband much to Sasha\'s delight, but just as they are about to kiss, David works up some magic and presents Charlie and Sasha with their very own dog bowls with their names on it. Charlie and Sasha then passionately kiss and join David and his family as a couple.'] ['Cody ([[Trevor Morgan , his sister Abby , their best friend Marcella , and their baby brother Fig are dropped off by their parents for a visit at their grandparents\' farm. Cody gets hit in his face by a basketball by accident while Abby and Marcella laugh and rub a Barney doll in his face. Cody loses his patience and starts a game of "keep-away" by taking the Barney doll and runs off with it. The two girls go after Cody. He then hides the Barney doll in the shower in the bathroom and the girls catch up with him. Cody tells them to use their imagination and laughs when he thinks that it is not working. However, the doll comes to life and turns into Barney the purple dinosaur. Cody refuses to believe in Barney at first, claiming that imagination is just for kids and that "real dinosaurs don\'t talk and real dinosaurs don\'t laugh." That night, Cody wishes for a real adventure for that summer, and to do something no one has done before. A shooting star deposits a large colorful egg in the barn which is discovered by Cody in the morning. Barney and the kids go to tell the grandparents about this, but Barney is distracted by Fig\'s crying. Grandma suggests to Abby and Marcella that they go see Mrs. Goldfinch. Cody finds Barney who has just changed Fig\'s wet diaper and takes him to see his grandparents. However, Abby and Marcella take Cody and Barney to see Mrs. Goldfinch, who tells them that the egg is a dream maker. Cody knocks the egg off the table which lands on a birdseed truck. The adventure begins when Barney and the others try to recover it through a parade. Barney\'s friend B.J. catches it when it almost lands on the ground and breaks. Barney and the gang chase the egg throughout a French restaurant, a circus, and fly through the sky on an airplane to continue their pursuit of the egg which is in a hot air balloon. All the while, Baby Bop is looking for her yellow "blankie." B.J. and Baby Bop arrive just in time to see the egg hatch. After they return the egg to the barn, it finally hatches into a koala-like being named Twinken who shows everyone Abby\'s dream and then Barney\'s. Cody apologizes to Barney for being mean and admits that he thinks he\'s cool. Barney accepts his apology and tells Cody that he thinks he\'s cool too and the two share a hug. Twinken shows everyone a magical fireworks display which lands in Barney\'s arms. Barney begins to sing "I Love You", and everyone else sings with him. Baby Bop gets sleepy, which prompts B.J. to decide that they are ready to go home. The film ends with Barney turning back into a doll with Twinken sitting right next to him.'] ['Theodore "Ted" Brooks  is a dentist from Miami, Florida whose picture appears on every city bus in advertisements to promote his dental practice at the beginning of the film. When Brooks receives his letter from Alaska one day naming him as the only heir of a Lucy Watkins, his mother, Amelia , reveals that he is adopted. Brooks travels to the fictional village of Tolketna to claim his inheritance left by his biological mother: seven Siberian Huskies and a Border Collie, and discovers his roots. Totally out of his element, Brooks has to face challenges he has never dreamed of: blizzards, thin ice, an intimidating, crusty old mountain man named Thunder Jack Johnson , and the aggressive, defiant lead dog, Demon. All of this happens with the buzzing excitement of the Arctic Challenge Sled Dog Race which is only two weeks away. During his stay in Tolketna, Brooks attempt to find the reason why he was given up for adoption, including any information about his biological father. He meets a bar owner named Barb , who was a close friend of his biological mother. Barbs helps Brooks to deal with the dogs and teaches him how to drive a sled, and falls in love with him throughout the film. Brooks continues to encounter Thunder Jack, who wants all of his biological mother\'s sled dogs, especially Demon. Eventually, Brooks learns from Barb that Thunder Jack is his real father. Brooks feels that the truth is worth the dogs themselves, and trades them to Thunder Jack. Jack tells Brooks that he and Lucy stayed in a cave during one of the Arctic Challenges. It is there that Brooks was conceived. The next morning, when Thunder Jack woke up, Lucy was gone. He says that he was looking for Lucy, but never found her. Lucy gave Brooks up for adoption. With Demon, Thunder Jack takes part in the Arctic Challenge Race, but is unable to finish it because of a huge snowstorm. Meanwhile, Brooks, who just returned to Miami, learns that his personal journey to Alaska is unfinished. Infuriated by evidence found proving that Thunder Jack was at the hospital when he was born, Brooks returns to Alaska to look for answers. When Brooks learns of the missing musher and his team, he feels that this may be the opportunity to save a man, and perhaps find out the whole truth once and for all. Brooks sets out to rescue Thunder Jack, with Nana as the lead dog. He eventually finds Thunder Jack in the old cave, who confirms that he had been there when Brooks was born. Thunder Jack reveals that he and Lucy agreed then that neither one of them could raise a baby, and confesses his love for Lucy. Brooks finds out the reason for Demon\'s bad temper is the pain caused by his bad tooth. He pulls it out and Demon now becomes a friendly dog. During the journey back to Tolketna, the sled nearly goes over a cliff into a river, but the dogs managed to pull themselves back up. Brooks finally brings Thunder Jack across the finish line. After Brooks introduces Thunder Jack to his adopted mother, Brooks and Thunder Jack decide to share their trophy together. Sometimes later, Brooks and Barb are married and Nana and Demon have four puppies. Now having grown to love Tolketna, Brooks moves his practice there. Barb is shown to be pregnant and working as his receptionist. The film ends when Brooks\' adoptive cousin, Rupert , becomes the new famous Miami dentist with his face on every city bus.'] [" Woody is a pull-string cowboy doll and leader of a group of toys that belong to a boy named Andy Davis, which act lifeless when humans are present. With his family moving homes one week before his birthday, the toys stage a reconnaissance mission to discover Andy's new presents. Andy receives a space ranger Buzz Lightyear action figure, whose impressive features see him replacing Woody as Andy's favorite toy. Woody is resentful, especially as Buzz also gets attention from the other toys. However Buzz believes himself to be a real space ranger on a mission to return to his home planet, as Woody fails to convince him he is a toy. Andy prepares for a family outing at the space themed Pizza Planet restaurant with Buzz. Woody attempts to be picked by misplacing Buzz. He intends to trap Buzz in a gap behind Andy's desk, but the plan goes disastrously wrong when he accidentally knocks Buzz out the window, resulting in him being accused of murdering Buzz out of jealousy. With Buzz missing, Andy takes Woody to Pizza Planet, but Buzz climbs into the car and confronts Woody when they stop at a gas station. The two fight and fall out of the car, which drives off and leaves them behind. Woody spots a truck bound for Pizza Planet and plans to rendezvous with Andy there, convincing Buzz to come with him by telling him it will take him to his home planet. Once at Pizza Planet, Buzz makes his way into a claw game machine shaped like a spaceship, thinking it to be the ship Woody promised him. Inside, he finds squeaky aliens who revere the claw arm as their master. When Woody clambers into the machine to rescue Buzz, the aliens force the two towards the claw and they are captured by Andy’s neighbour Sid Phillips, who finds amusement in destroying toys. At Sid's house, the two attempt to escape before Andy's moving day, encountering Sid’s nightmarish toy creations and his vicious dog, Scud. Buzz sees a commercial for Buzz Lightyear action figures and realizes that he really is a toy. Attempting to fly to test this, Buzz falls and loses one of his arms, going into depression and unable to cooperate with Woody. Woody waves Buzz’s arm from a window to seek help from the toys in Andy’s room, but they are horrified thinking Woody attacked him, while Woody realizes Sid's toys are friendly when they reconnect Buzz's arm. Sid prepares to destroy Buzz by strapping him to a rocket, but is delayed that evening by a thunderstorm. Woody convinces Buzz that life is worth living because of the joy he can bring to Andy, which helps Buzz regain his spirit. Cooperating with Sid's toys, Woody rescues Buzz and scares Sid away by coming to life in front of him, warning him to never torture toys again. Woody and Buzz then wave goodbye to the mutant toys and return home through a fence, but miss Andy’s car as it drives away to his new house. Down the road, they climb onto the moving truck containing Andy’s other toys, but Scud chases them and Buzz tackles the dog to save Woody. Woody attempts to rescue Buzz with Andy's RC car but the other toys, who think Woody now got rid of RC, toss Woody off onto the road. Spotting Woody driving RC back with Buzz alive, the other toys realize their mistake and try to help. When RC's batteries become depleted, Woody ignites the rocket on Buzz's back and manages to throw RC into the moving truck before they soar into the air. Buzz opens his wings to cut himself free before the rocket explodes, gliding with Woody to land safely into a box in Andy’s car. Andy looks into it and is elated to have found his two missing toys. On Christmas Day at their new house, Buzz and Woody stage another reconnaissance mission to prepare for the new toy arrivals, one of which is a Mrs. Potato Head, much to the delight of Mr. Potato Head. As Woody jokingly asks what might be worse than Buzz, the two share a worried smile as they discover Andy's new gift is a puppy."] ['The story opens in a forest known as Dapplewood, where "Furlings"  live alongside their teacher, Cornelius . The four Furlings central to the story are Abigail , a woodmouse; Russell , a hedgehog; Edgar , a mole; and a badger named Michelle , who is Cornelius\' niece. One day, the Furlings go on a trip through the forest with Cornelius, where they see a road for the first time. Russell is almost run over by a careless driver, who throws away a glass bottle, which shatters in the middle of the road. Cornelius orders the Furlings to forget the road altogether. The ramble ends in a boat ride. Afterward, they go back to the forest to find out that it has been destroyed with poison gas from an overturned tanker truck that blew a tire from the broken glass bottle while transporting chlorine gas. Michelle runs to her home worried about her parents, breathing some of the gas and become severely ill. The gas inside the house has already killed both of her parents. Abigail manages to save Michelle, and the Furlings go to Cornelius\' house nearby for shelter after they found their homes deserted. There, Cornelius tells the Furlings that they need to fetch two herbs that can save Michelle\'s life: lungwort and eyebright. With limited time, they head off for their journey the next day. After encountering numerous dangers including a hungry barn owl, a flock of religious wrens including their reverend Phineas , and intimidating construction equipment, which the wrens call "yellow dragons", the Furlings make it to the meadow with the herbs they need. There, they meet the bully squirrel Waggs , and Willy, a tough but sensible mouse. After getting the eyebright, they discover that the lungwort is on a giant cliff making it inaccessible by foot. Russell suggests they use Cornelius\' airship, the Flapper-Wing-a-Ma-Thing, to get to the lungwort. The Furlings manage to get the lungwort after dangerous flight up the cliff, then steer their airship back for Dapplewood. They crash-land back in the forest after a storm, and bring the herbs to Michelle and Cornelius. A group of humans who come to clean up the gas\' mess appear, the animals escape through the backdoor of Cornelius\'s house. Unfortunately, Edgar gets separated from the group, and , gets caught in an old trap. When one of the workers finds him, the animals are at first worried about their friend, but are surprised when he frees Edgar and smashes the trap before stuffing it in his trash bag, an act Cornelius never expected a human to do, making him realise that there are good humans in the world. After taking Cornelius to the site where they crashed, the Furlings give him the herbs to cure Michelle. The next day, she wakes up from her coma after a teardrop from her uncle fearing her to be dead. The Furlings\' families and many of the other inhabitants arrive as well, except for Michelle\'s mother and father, who were killed in the gas accident but Corneilus promised to look after her. The Furlings happily reunite with their families, who are relieved to see that their children are alright. Michelle asks Cornelius if anything will ever be the same again. Cornelius looks at the dead trees in the forest and says to her that if everyone works as hard to save Dapplewood as the Furlings did to save Michelle, it will be. The film ends with an overhead shot of Dapplewood to show that much of the forest is still alive and that there is still hope to rebuild and make a home.'] ['The film opens with angel puppies talking to Annabelle . They ask her to tell them a story. She begins to tell them about how Carface saved Christmas with a little guidance from Charlie ([[Steven Weber  and Itchy . The movie begins in an alleyway with Charlie, Itchy, Sasha  and their friends decorating for a Christmas party. Everyone is enjoying themselves as Charlie and Itchy tend to the young pups. Charlie checks on Sasha and the money collection for Timmy the puppy\'s operation for his bad leg. Unfortunately, Carface  and Killer  arrive and start collecting debts from everyone. After Charlie refused to pay back Carface, he blows a mysterious hypnotic dog whistle that hypnotizes all the dogs and causes them to give Carface and Killer all of their bones. Before leaving, Carface and Killer make off with all the food, the presents, their money which includes Timmy\'s operation money and head off cackling. After failing several times to get the stolen goods from Carface, it is revealed that Carface is working for Annabelle\'s satanic cousin, Belladonna , who plots to use a massive version of the gigantic hypnotic dog whistle to hypnotize every dog in the city into stealing the Christmas presents, causing them to be thrown out of their houses and abandoned, much in the same way Carface was when he was a puppy. Charlie plots to scare "the Dickens" out of Carface and asks Annabelle for some aid, resulting in them being transformed into characters from "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens. Itchy becomes the Ghost of Christmas Past, Sasha becomes the Ghost of Christmas Present, and Charlie becomes the Ghost of Christmas Future (as a reference of [[The Mask . The three of them visit Carface and make him feel guilty about stealing the items, especially the operation money; Sasha tells Carface that without it Timmy will die, but Timmy\'s death will cause another --- his own, as the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come shows him that because of his actions, he will cause his own death, and he will be condemned to Hell for eternity. Carface, having seen himself in Timmy, stops the whistle just in time to prevent the dogs from stealing the gifts. Belladonna flies into a rage and is about to kill Carface and Killer when she is frozen solid by a massive amount of snow caused by Annabelle. Meanwhile, with Charlie and the gang, it starts to snow. Everyone celebrates, but Itchy remarks that it\'s a shame that they didn\'t have any presents to give the pups. Just then, Carface appears on a sled pulled by Killer, and gives them all the presents back, and more. He even gives them Timmy\'s money box back, which is filled up full. Carface turns to leave, and Sasha asks him to stay and join the party. Carface respectfully refuses, saying he\'s going to visit his mom, but wishes everyone a Merry Christmas. And Annabelle finishes the story by saying "Merry Christmas!"'] ["The film is set in 1915, during World War I. Heidi , now 15 years old, still lives on the Swiss Alps with her Grandfather. She receives an invitation from Madame Jane Hillary , the headmistress of Brookings School for Girls in Italy, to join her school. Heidi has the means to go, as she has just received an inheritance from her friend Klara's grandmother. Grandfather  wants Heidi to make the most of the opportunity so she will be able to take care of herself when he's gone. Heidi is at first reluctant to leave, but when she learns that her sweetheart Peter  has joined the army, she decides to accept the invitation. Heidi is at first unable to adapt to modern life at the school, often clashing with her more sophisticated classmate Ursula . Heidi's only friend is Ilsa , and she also has the kind support of Madame Hillary. The Italian troupes arrive at the school with a letter from the Governor, declaring that they have to give up the building to be used as a military post. All the girls are fetched by their families, except for four: Heidi, Ursula, Ilsa and Gudrun . Hillary is happy to care for the four girls, but the unscrupulous owner of the town orphanage, Signor Bonelli , claims the girls for his orphanage. Hillary is forced to give them up as Bonelli has the support of the Governor. The four girls find that the orphanage is a run-down and cruel place where all the children are forced into labour. Heidi wants to escape, but Ursula insists that Madame Hillary will come for them. Hillary does attempt to get the children, but is blocked by Bonelli. Heidi eventually learns through another orphan, Clarissa , that they can escape through the drain. The four Brookings girls, Clarissa, and another orphan named Giovanni  escape through the drain and hitch a ride on a cart for the countryside. Signor Bonelli chases after them and manages to catch Giovanni. The five girls escape through the forest and head for the mountains to cross over into Switzerland, briefly crossing paths with soldiers that are travelling on horseback. Hillary learns of the girls' sighting through the soldiers and, knowing that Heidi would lead the girls to her Grandfather, decides to go to the Alps herself. Grandfather learns of the girls' crossing through Peter, and asks that he find and bring them across safely. The girls go through the mountains, and are found by Peter, who has brought them food. He leaves them the next morning to get a sled, and while he is gone, Signor Bonelli catches up with them. He intends to fake an accident with all the girls falling off the mountain, knowing that if they speak the truth of the orphanage's conditions, his reputation will be ruined. Heidi manages to call Peter, and he arrives in time to save them. The group cross the mountains successfully. Heidi is reunited with Grandfather, and the Brookins girls are reunited with Hillary. The films ends with a Christmas dinner with Grandfather, Hillary, Peter and all the girls. Clarissa is to be adopted by Grandfather, Signor Bonelli's orphanage is closed, but war is still on. Peter declares he has to leave, but he promises to return to Heidi."] ['The film follows a young American boy named Roy Wallace  who spends his summer in a tiny fishing village on the coast of western Ireland. After a short while, unexplainable events and deeds begin to occur and rumors of ghosts sweep the village. All these things are pointing to something mysterious that is going on in a nearby cave. Roy sets out to disprove the rumor and decides to explore the cave with his new, teenage local friends Oscar  and Abbey . Roy faces his fears and discovers the secret of the cave.'] ['Gru , a super-villain, has his pride injured when an unknown super-villain steals the Great Pyramid of Giza; an action that is described as making "all other villains look lame". Gru decides to do better by shrinking and stealing the moon, an idea based on his childhood dreams of being an astronaut, which were always discouraged by his mother . The plan is quite expensive, and Gru seeks a loan from the Bank of Evil. The Bank\'s president, Mr. Perkins , is impressed by the plan but will only provide the money if Gru can obtain a shrink ray first. Gru and his minions steal a shrink ray from a secret base in Asia, but the up-and-coming super-villain, Vector , who was also responsible for the Pyramid theft, immediately steals it from Gru. Gru attempts to break into Vector\'s fortress to get the shrink ray back, but is defeated by numerous booby traps. However, he notices three orphan girls, Margo , Edith , and Agnes , easily walk into the base to sell Vector cookies. Gru, faking his credentials, adopts the girls from Miss Hattie\'s Home for Girls, planning on using them to infiltrate Vector\'s base. However, Gru has much difficulty nurturing them properly between their own rambunctiousness, their ballet classes, and his own ineptitude as a parent. Eventually, Gru and the girls arrive at Vector\'s fortress, and Gru manages to steal the shrink ray. The girls suggest a day at the local theme park, whereupon Gru agrees, believing he can leave the girls there. He warms up to the girls over the course of the day. Later, Gru returns to the Bank of Evil for his loan, but Perkins rejects him again, stating that they would rather see a younger super-villain, such as his son Vector, complete the theft. As Gru mopes about at home, the girls offer the contents of their piggy bank to fund the plan. Gru, inspired, sacrifices parts of his lair to construct the spacecraft. Gru plans to steal the moon when it is nearest the Earth, but this ends up being the same day as the girls\' ballet recital. Gru becomes conflicted, and Dr. Nefario, seeing this as interfering with the plan, arranges for the girls to be returned to the orphanage. Gru proceeds with his plan to steal the moon, successfully shrinking it to fit in his hand, but is too late for the recital. He then receives a note from Victor, who has kidnapped the girls, telling him to give him the moon in exchange for them. Gru makes the trade, but Vector reneges on the deal, flying off with the girls and the moon. Meanwhile, Dr Nefario has discovered that the effects of Shrink Ray are not permanent; the bigger the object, the faster it will regain its normal size. As the moon starts to expand in Vector\'s ship, Gru, Dr. Nefario, and the minions pull off a daring mid-air rescue of the girls, just as the moon explodes out from Vector\'s ship and launches itself back into orbit. Some time later, Gru has readopted the girls and treats them as his daughters, and he writes them a bedtime storybook framed around his own experience. The girls perform their own ballet recital for Gru, his mother, Dr. Nefario, and the minions, with the movie ending as they all get on stage to dance to "You Should Be Dancing".'] ["Ranger Steve  sits by a campfire, telling a story about the Davis family. John Davis  is flying a water plane over a valley called Sasquatch Valley with his two daughters Khristy and Maggie. Khristy tells Maggie that a Sasquatch means Bigfoot and Maggie wonders if there are any Bigfoot in the valley. Khristy tells her that Bigfoot is a myth. They finally arrive at their new home and there are pine cones all over the house. At the end of the day everything is cleaned up and everyone goes to bed. Maggie hears something in the shed outside. She finds a small bigfoot in the shed. Maggie trips and falls and the small bigfoot runs away. In the morning John, Maggie, and Khristy go to John's new job. They meet Dave  the boss of the plant. A new dam is going to be built in a river that will provide power for the area. Meanwhile, Cletus McNabb and his sidekick Dawg the dog want to catch a bigfoot. That night Maggie goes outside again to look for the bigfoot. She finds him again and chases the bigfoot way out into the forest. She loses him and it starts to rain. The bigfoot comes back with his mother  and takes her into a secret cave under a waterfall. Maggie finds out that the new dam will flood their home. The bigfoot takes Maggie home. The next morning Maggie tries to tell John and Khristy but they don't believe her. Once John goes to work Maggie and Khristy meet Ranger Steve he says that John asked him to check up on them. Once he leaves Maggie tries to tell Khristy that bigfoot is real but Khristy does not believe her. Mad, Maggie runs to go find them. Khristy follows her and they finally come to the cave. Cletus McNabb and Dawg see them go into the cave and sets up a plan to catch one of the bigfoot. John goes back to the house and looks everywhere for his daughters. When John goes out into the forest he runs into bigfoot and they take him to the cave. Now John knows that the bigfoot are in danger so they plan a way to stop the cave from flooding. They pile up all of the pine cones in the valley and grinding them up into pulp. They take the pulp into the cave and cover the cracks in the cave with it. Now they wonder if the walls will cave in so they have to move them out. They move them high up in the snowy mountains in another cave. Cletus and Dawg go into the cave to catch one of them but the caves close in and the cave floods and Cletus and Dawg get out. Up in the mountains the Davis family say goodbye to the bigfoot. At the end of the credits Dawg gets mad at Cletus and moves in with the Davises."] [" Sir Topham Hatt, normally in charge of the railways on Sodor, is on holiday and has left Mr. Conductor in charge. Meanwhile, Thomas and Gordon encounter an evil diesel locomotive, Diesel 10, stating that he has unfinished business on Sodor. He is planning to get rid of steam engines on Sodor once and for all. Mr. Conductor has problems of his own. The mysterious gold dust that allows him to magically transport from place to place is running out, and without it there will be no way for anyone to travel from Shining Time to Sodor or back again. There is a lost engine that is able to travel between Sodor and Muffle Mountain using the Magic Railroad, but nobody knows where she is. Burnett Stone, an elderly man, lives on Muffle Mountain, near Shining Time Station, in which Stacy Jones was the manager. Unknown to everyone, he is the guardian of the lost engine, whose name is Lady. The engine crashed after an earlier encounter with Diesel 10, and ever since then Burnett has been trying to repair Lady. Even though he seems to have gotten the little engine restored mechanically, so far he has been unable to make her steam. Percy and Thomas find out that there is a secret railway and there are magic buffers that lead to it. However, Diesel 10 overhears them. Toby the Tram Engine follows D-10 and hears him telling his diesel locomotive henchmen Splatter and Dodge of his plans to destroy the steam locomotives. Diesel 10 thinks that this horrid act seems possible mainly because Mr. Conductor's whistle contains gold dust inside which he uses to travel is running out, and he is therefore becoming too weak to stop Diesel 10. Wanting to warn his friends of Diesel's plans, Toby rings his bell, distracting them. Burnett's granddaughter Lily visits him, and meets C. Junior, Mr. Conductor's good-natured but lazy cousin, who takes her to Sodor and introduces her to the talking engines who live there, including Thomas. Later, Thomas is assigned to transport Lily back to Burnett on Muffle Mountain after inadvertently discovered the entrance of the long-abandoned Magic Railroad by an old grotto. He takes his lost truck of special Island-of-Sodor coal and arrives on the other end of the Magic Railway, located at the edge of a high cliff near the top of Muffle Mountain. Lily goes to her grandfather's house, leaving Thomas stranded on the mountain. However, the ground gives way and Thomas uncouples himself from the coal-truck, falling off the cliff to the bottom of the mountain where he re-enters the Magic Railroad through another portal there. Lily reunites with Burnett at his workshop, where he shows her Lady and explains his problem getting the engine to steam. Using the Sodor coal truck, the engine eventually comes to life. Lily and Burnett take Lady along the Magic Railroad, regenerating itself in the process. Lady comments that Burnett had never forgotten about Magic. They reunite with Thomas and find their way back to Sodor, where Diesel 10 finds them and goes after them. When Thomas and Lady cross the Viaduct, it begins to collapse. Lady makes it across, and Thomas gets across a 3 foot gap in the supports. After 2 big sections fall off, Diesel 10 crosses. The suspended pieces of track can't hold him and he falls off. That sends him falling into the ravine below, where he lands in a barge filled with sludge and is carried away. Thomas, Lady, Burnett and Lily meet Mr. Conductor and C-Junior. They use the water from a wishing well and shavings from the rails of the Magic Railroad to make more gold dust, and the Island of Sodor and Shining Time Station are saved. C-Junior, encouraged by his success in being able to help out, offers to take a job on Sodor, and Mr. Conductor presents him with his conductor's cap so that C-Junior can now take over Mr. Conductor's role on Sodor, while Mr. Conductor says that he will now travel back to serve at Shining Time Station. In the end Thomas is happily going home to Tidmouth Sheds to tell the engines about his encounter with the lost engine Lady."] ['A meteor shower rockets through open space. Four glowing pods are seen hiding behind the meteor shower. Suddenly the meteor shower makes a hard right and heads towards a distant planet Earth. In a Chicago suburb, Stuart Pearson  and his wife Nina  head a family that includes 7-year-old Hannah ; 17-year-old sister Bethany , who\'s just returned from a secret outing with her boyfriend Ricky Dillman ([[Robert Hoffman , and 15-year-old techno-geek Tom  whose high school grades are low. Deciding the family needs some good old-fashioned togetherness, Stuart takes them to a holiday home in the middle of nowhere. Joining them is Uncle Nate , Nate\'s 14-year-old son Jake , Nana Rose , and identical 12-year-old twins Art  and Lee . Ricky also arrives unexpectedly and talks his way into staying overnight. That night dark storm clouds swirl around the house. Suddenly, the four glowing pods land on the roof. An alien crew emerges, made up of Skip , the tough commander, Tazer , a muscle-bound dude armed to the teeth, Razor , a lethal female alien soldier, and Sparks , a four-armed techie, who is the only non-threatening intruder. Since the aliens knocked over the satellite dish Ricky and Tom are sent to fix it. Ricky then reveals to Tom that he lied about everything so far, his car didn\'t break down, his parents don\'t own a lake house, he\'s a lot older than 18. Ricky is actually in college and is five years older than Bethany. They find the satellite is beyond repair. Investigating further they discover the aliens. Skip tries to lull Tom and Jake into a false sense of security, but fails. Ricky is captured and implanted with a mind control device. The aliens, called "Zirkonians", via Ricky, lay claim to the planet  Like a puppet/robot, Ricky grabs the boys - but Tom and Jake break free. It isn\'t long before all five kids have seen the aliens. Tom takes charge and the kids discover the mind control device only works on grownups, giving them a fighting chance. They realize the have a responsibility to protect the adults by keeping the aliens\' existence a secret. Left on their own, the kids create makeshift weapons, like a home made potato spud gun. They even obtain and learn to use the mind controller. They soon take control of Ricky and turn him against the aliens. The adults remain oblivious and insist the youngsters go on a fishing expedition. Meanwhile Hannah and gentle tech Sparks become friends. Unlike his alien cohorts, Sparks hates battle; he just wants to return home to his family. As the aliens attack, the kids start to fight back. Meanwhile, Jake gets captured by the Zirkonians and is tied up and in the basement. Nana Rose comes under the control of the mind control device, which gives her super-human strength and agility. Under the control of the kids, she comes to their rescue and fights off Ricky, who is again under alien control. Nana gives Ricky a huge electric jolt, causing the alien plug to dislodge. Ricky then and there breaks up with Bethany because she talks about feelings and family too much. The kids finally reveal to Bethany what\'s going on, and Sparks helps by making weapons for them. He also reveals the aliens want a device hidden under the basement which will make them grow giant. After rescuing Jake, the kids defeat Skip, Tazer and Razor, who flee on their teleporting machine. Sparks calls off the invasion and returns home. The rest of the vacation goes back to normal, except the kids grew closer to each other during their adventure. In the distance, Skip  appears, bent on revenge against the humans, but meets his demise when a crow flies by and carries Skip off to its nest to eat him. During the credits, Bethany and Tom take revenge on Ricky by making him look like a fool in front of his new girlfriend, using the alien mind control device. Bethany comments "I am so keeping this".'] ["Five-thousand years ago, Pharaoh Atem killed and imprisoned Anubis after he tried to destroy the world using the forbidden Shadow Games. In the present day, Anubis' tomb is uncovered by archaeologists, complete with his most valuable treasure, the Pyramid of Light. At the same time, Yugi Mutou completes Atem's Millennium Puzzle, causing Anubis to awaken from his eternal slumber and begin his return from the dead. Sharing his body with Atem's soul under the alias of Yami Yugi, Yugi goes on to become the King of Games, the world's greatest player of the trading card game Duel Monsters, by defeating his rival Seto Kaiba and obtaining the three powerful Egyptian God cards. Desperate to defeat Yugi, Kaiba turns to Maximillion Pegasus, creator of Duel Monsters, to gain any new cards designed to defeat the God cards. Kaiba and Pegasus duel with Kaiba winning and taking two cards, although Pegasus claims he only created one. Yugi and Téa Gardner go to the local museum where Anubis' corpse and the Pyramid of Light are on display, meeting up with Yugi's Grandpa Solomon, who reads a prophecy describing a clairvoyant eye which will prevent the world's destruction if blinded. Anubis' spirit attacks the group with Yugi having a vision of the Lord of the Dead manipulating Kaiba and him a Shadow Game deathmatch. He awakens to find Anubis and the Pyramid of Light missing, and races to warn Kaiba, taken to his duel dome by Kaiba's little brother Mokuba with friends Joey Wheeler and Tristan Taylor in pursuit. Kaiba arrogantly and ignorantly forces Yami Yugi into a duel, unaware that Anubis is manipulating him into using one of the two new cards, Pyramid of Light, which covers the field in a huge replica of the actual pyramid and destroys the God Cards. Yugi, Joey and Tristan are sucked into the pyramid whilst Mokuba flees the crumbling building. Yugi, Joey and Tristan awaken within the Millennium Puzzle, finding Anubis' tomb within. The regenerating sorcerer reveals that his monsters will destroy the modern world. Yami Yugi and Kaiba continue their duel, each blow to their in-game Life Points actually draining away their physical energy. Kaiba uses the second new card, the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon, to destroy Yami's last monster and dropping his Life Points to near 0. Téa, Solomon, and Mokuba escape the collapsing dome in Pegasus' helicopter, Pegasus having figured out what is going on. Téa's soul is sent into the Millennium Puzzle to aid Yugi, Joey and Tristan. Yugi finds the Dagger of Fate within Anubis' tomb, and uses it to destroy the all-seeing eye in the tomb as per the prophecy. Anubis materializes behind Kaiba as he tries to alter the duel's path, casting him aside and taking command of the duel. Yami, reunited with Yugi, destroys the Pyramid of Light card with the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon and then uses Kaiba's planned strategy to summon the God Cards and end the duel by destroying Anubis. However, Anubis rises again as a demonic beast and transforms the Duel Monsters cards into real creatures. This proves to be his undoing when Yugi and Yami summon the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon to destroy Anubis. Kaiba departs promising to defeat Yugi, Yugi thanking Yami and his friends for their help and companionship."] ["The film starts with an old man, Harry Banks  telling his grandson and granddaughter about his life as a young boy in the early 20th century. The tale begins: Harry as a boy ([[Daniel Clark  is in his pre-teens. His mother  dies, and he is sent to a boarding school because his father cannot look after him. Eventually his father, Tyrone Banks  comes, and takes him on a bear-hunting trip to Canada, to kill a grizzly bear. When in Canada, British Columbia to be exact, Tyrone and Harry meet up with an experienced Native American tracker with Scottish roots called Joshua McTavish Standing Bear ([[Tom Jackson . The three then go to a saloon to find some good hunters to help them on the hunt. The men in the saloon laugh at the plan for it, but some come along, bringing dogs and guns, including Grits , Genet  and Lanky . On the hunt, the boy sees two grizzly cubs which no one else sees, then escapes from the mother bear , rejoining his father. The next day, the hunters capture the two cubs, and hold them in the camp, near a waterfall called grizzly falls, hence the movie's name. The bear mother is angry, and comes to the camp. Although she cannot free her offspring, she instead kidnaps Harry to exact revenge on Tyrone. She then runs away with him, and looks after him, feeding him, and once saving his life from wolves. He is at first intent on escaping from the bear, whom he names Mizzy, but eventually grows to love her. Meanwhile Tyrone is intent on rescuing him, and Joshua comes along, but the men from the saloon and their dogs are hardly as keen. One breaks his leg at grizzly falls, and he and his friends leave, taking the bear cubs with them and setting up their own camp somewhere else. Tyrone and Joshua continue searching. In another area Harry stumbles upon the saloon men's new camp whilst Mizzy is finding food. He looks inside the hut where the men are sleeping, and wakes them up. One man tries to protect the boy but another points his gun at him. Just as this man is going to shoot, Mizzy bursts through the window, knocking down one wall of the hut. This crushes one man. Harry runs, and hides in the river nearby. One man chases after him, but cannot find him, and gets lost in the woods. Then Tyrone and Joshua find the camp, and attack the men who are in it, while the bear runs to its chained-up cubs outside, trying to free them. Tyrone and Joshua manage to shoot all the men, save for one who sneaks out and tries to shoot Mizzy, but fortunately Harry returns, knocks over the evil man,Genet and frees Mizzy's cubs. The evil man gets up, but has no time to do anything because Tyrone rushes out of the house, leaps on him, and throttles him. They then begin a ferocious wrestle, which Tyrone wins, plunging his opponent into the river. Tyrone srike Genet death.Sream take his corpse. Harry says goodbye to his bear-mother Mizzy, and she goes away into the mountains, reunited with her cubs. They say farewell also to Joshua, and return to Britain, where Tyrone becomes a better father, having learned a lesson on the adventure."] ['The film begins with a pod of orcas swimming near the coastline of the Pacific Northwest. The pod is tracked down by a large group of whalers, and a single orca ([[Keiko  gets caught in their net. Despite their best efforts to save him, his family leaves him behind, and he is taken away to a local amusement park. Sometime later in Washington, Jesse , a young 12-year-old boy who has been on the streets since he was abandoned by his mother six years before, gets caught by the police for stealing food and vandalizing a theme park, along with a group member of three other abandoned children. However, his social worker Dwight helps him avoid legal consequences by placing him in a foster home and provided he cleans up the mess at the park. While there, Jesse befriends Willy, the orca that was caught earlier and has a collapsed dorsal fin. He is amazed by Willy who obeys his commands, something the trainer, Rae Lindley , had failed to do. Over time, Jesse and Willy become the best of friends, and Jesse earns a long-term job at the marina while learning to live with his new and supportive foster parents, Glen  and Annie Greenwood . The owner of the amusement park, Dial  sees the talent Jesse and Willy have together, and makes large plans to host "The Willy Show" in hopes of boosting sales and making money for himself. On the day of the first performance, everyone is set to begin, but Willy comes down with stage fright due to the children banging constantly on his underwater observation area. Willy scares them off by smashing against the tank, unintentionally damaging it. Jesse is devastated, and plans to run away feeling everyone has let him down. Later, while at the tank, Jesse notices Willy\'s family calling to him and Dial\'s assistant Wade  and other men sneaking into the underwater observation area and damage the tank enough that the water will gradually leak out in an effort to kill Willy. It is surmised that Dial is interested in collecting the insurance money, since he has a $1,000,000 life insurance policy on Willy. Thus, Jesse, Haida native Randolph Johnson  and Rae begin plans to release the orca. They use equipment at the park to load Willy onto a trailer, and Jesse and Randolph "borrow" Glen\'s truck to tow Willy to a marina. They try to stick to back roads to keep from being spotted with a gigantic orca, and eventually get stuck. Wade meanwhile notifies Dial that the orca is missing, and begin a search to find Willy. Jesse must admit that he needs help, and calls his foster parents using a CB-Radio in Glen\'s truck. Annie and Glen show up and help free the truck, and continue on to the marina to release Willy. Dial knows where they are likely headed, and when they show up, he, Wade and his henchmen are blocking the gate into the marina. Glen charges at them full speed in the truck, forcing the henchmen to move right before the truck plows through the gate to the marina. Glen quickly turns the truck around and backs Willy into the water, flooding his truck in the process. Willy is finally released into the water, but Dial and his goons attempt to stop them. During the struggle, Jesse gets Willy to swim away, but panics when he sees that Dial has the whaling company to back him up when their boats show up in the water. They release nets and Jesse has one last chance to get Willy away before he becomes trapped. He runs towards a wall of rocks, calling for Willy to follow him, which steers him away from the boats. Jesse goes to the edge of the rocks where Willy swims up to him and tells Willy that if he makes the jump , he\'ll be free. Jesse then starts to cry as he tells Willy goodbye, but pulls himself together and goes back to the top of the rocks. He says a prayer that Randolph taught him from a story from his tribe and throws his arm in the air, giving Willy the signal to jump. To the amazement of everyone, Willy makes the jump with no problem and is finally free to return to his family and escapes the boats. Everyone cheers, Willy leaps out of the water in celebration, and Jesse happily jumps up and down, but stops when he realizes that he\'ll probably never see Willy again. He goes back to Glen and Annie who hug him as they look out into the sea. Willy calls out to Jesse in the distance and both say their final farewell. The movie ends with Willy who has found his family and the entire pod swims and jumps through the ocean.'] ['{{Plot}}  The film begins with Eliza Thornberry , aged 12, playing with a family of cheetahs in East Africa, where her parents work as roving wildlife photographers for a television nature show. Eliza has the magical ability to talk and communicate with wild animals. The cheetah mother, Akela , has left Eliza in charge of her cubs; however, Eliza strays beyond the security of the area, and one of the cheetah cubs, Tally , is kidnapped by a poacher. Eliza\'s persistent efforts to rescue the cub lead her British grandmother Cordelia , who is visiting them, to send her off to an English boarding school, fearing that Eliza is constantly endangering herself in Africa and will be much safer in England. Darwin , Eliza\'s "pet" chimpanzee smuggles himself into her luggage and travels to school with her. After having a dream in which Shaman Mnyambo, the person who gave her her power, tells her to save Tally, Eliza persuades her roommate Sarah Wellington to help her and Darwin get back to Nairobi. While on a train to their family\'s camp, the duo notice an injured rhino outside the train and get off to help it. Eliza speaks with the rhino who tells her that he was shot by the river. They are assisted by a young couple, Sloan and Bree Blackburn , supposedly animal conservationists, but as they attempt to save the rhino, Eliza discovers the same knife carried by the poacher who took Tally. After the rhino is taken away by a ranger, Eliza and Darwin continue to their camp. Meanwhile, Eliza\'s sister Debbie , a materialistic girl who dislikes Africa has been left alone by Nigel and Marianne Thornberry  to take care of her mischievous adopted brother Donnie near their motorhome, whilst her parents film a huge herd of elephants as they make their way through the fictional Tempo Valley during a solar eclipse. She is visited first by both Cordelia and her grandfather Col. Radcliffe Thornberry  who are searching for Eliza. The morning after they arrive, Eliza and Darwin themselves appear, to plot a course to where Tally was taken, and later leave with Donnie. While Debbie searches for them, she comes to a friendly native village where no one speaks English. After several failed attempts to get her motorcycle out of the mud in which it is stuck, she meets a teenage boy from the village named Boko who helps her to get the motorcycle out. The village members, worried that Debbie will get killed out in the wilderness, send Boko as her guide. As Eliza, Bonnie and Darwin trek through the forest, a gorilla informs them that people have built a fence across Tempo Valley. The trio later encounter Bree and Sloan again, and Eliza realizes that the poachers are after the elephants that will be traveling through the valley. The trio later find Tally in the Bree and Sloan\'s RV, and learn that the couple are actually the poachers responsible for capturing Tally, shooting the rhino, and building the fence. Bree and Sloan later capture them, and it is revealed that the fence is electrified, and that the poachers plan to stampede the elephants into it. Sloan also demands to know how she found about the rhino and the fence. Debbie and Boko later encounter the RV while searching for Eliza and her friends. When the couple go to investigate, Tally chews on the rope bounding Eliza to free her. She and Darwin then get into an argument in which Eliza ends by yelling at him to, for once, be quiet, upsetting Darwin. Meanwhile, Sloan takes Debbie hostage when she reveals that she is Eliza\'s sister, and threatens to throw her over a cliff unless Eliza tells him the truth about how she knew about their plan. With no other way to save her sister, Eliza is forced to admit she knows because of her ability to talk to animals. Because of this, a storm begins, with Eliza and the others  escaping from the poachers. When Darwin fails to understand her, Eliza realizes her power is really gone, as punishment for revealing her power and pulls Darwin after her. The group ends up drifting down the river on a log as the storm continues. Later on, after the storm has stopped, Eliza tells Debbie the story of how she got her powers and that she had kept them a secret all this time. Debbie asks Eliza to prove it, but Eliza tells her she can\'t anymore, because she told someone else about it, and now she can\'t even apologize to Darwin for their argument earlier. Debbie then realizes how much Eliza\'s powers meant to her and is amazed that she gave it up just to save her life. They get to the pass, just in time for the eclipse, but Eliza is doubtful that she can save the elephants without her power. Debbie convinces her to try when she points out that Eliza was always willing to help animals before getting her power . As Bree and Sloan get their henchmen to detonate explosives in the valley to get the elephants to stampede, Eliza jumps onto the lead elephant, and desperately tries to tell her to stop. She uses a necklace her dad gave her before she left and hurls it at the electric fence, causing it to react and the elephants to subsequently stop. They begin to turn around but Bree and Sloan ordered their henchmen to fire off another round of explosives, making the elephants charge towards it again. Eliza remembers how elephant mothers tell their young which way to go; she taps the elephant behind its ear, causing her to stop right in front of the fence. The herd again stops, and begins to turn around. much to the poachers\' anger. Sloan then swings in on a helicopter and grabs Eliza, throwing her into a river, but not before saying that she won\'t be there once he and Bree cut out the ivory tusks of the elephants. Fortunately, she is saved by Shaman Mnyambo, who tells her that she saved the day using not her powers but her heart. As a reward, he is willing to give Eliza her powers back. Meanwhile, the elephants pull Bree and Sloan\'s helicopter out of the sky, and the poachers are arrested by the rangers contacted by the Thornberrys. Eliza, Debbie, and the others are then reunited with the rest of the Thornberrys, who have all been searching for them, and Eliza makes amends with Darwin. Later on, the group returns to the savanna they were at during the beginning of the film, where Tally is reunited with his mother once again. Eliza also reveals to Debbie that although she got her power back, it was on condition that if Debbie tells anyone about it, she will turn into a baboon, much to her fury.'] ['The film takes place in Australia and Vampire Rock, a rock formation shaped like a vampire head. There is a legend of a vampire named the Yowie Yahoo, who lives in the rock. The film starts at Vampire Rock where the "Vampire Rock Music Festival" is being set up. Many people are excited for it, but some don\'t think it should take place because it would anger the Yowie Yahoo. One such person is Malcolm Illiwara, but the problem is, his own grandson Daniel is the manager of the contest. One night, as Malcolm and his grandson watch a sure-to-win performer named Matt Marvelous, the Yowie Yahoo appears. The Yowie Yahoo and its three vampire minions capture Matt Marvelous and take him away. Everybody is scared, and Malcolm blames the contest for what happened. Meanwhile, Scooby-Doo and Mystery Inc. arrive in Australia for a vacation after solving the mystery of the Sea Serpent Smugglers on a cruise ship. After seeing the harbor, the gang decides to go to the outback and see the music festival. When they arrive, they meet The Hex Girls,  who are the opening act. They also see Daniel, Malcolm, and Russell, who runs the contest with Daniel. Malcolm says he has warned Daniel about what has happened and drives off. Daniel tells them that most of the performers have left because they are too scared of the vampires. Daniel and Russell then tell them about Wildwind, a musical group who performed at the Vampire Rock Music Festival the year before. They tell the gang Wildwind put on a great performance, but only got third place. They then went into Vampire Rock to camp, but were never heard from again. There were three performers, Dark Skull, Stormy Weather, and Lightning Strikes. Legend says that they have been turned into Vampires by the Yowie Yahoo. Daniel says he does not believe it, but then Russell reminded him that the three vampires who were with the Yowie Yahoo when it kidnapped Matt Marvelous looked just like the members of Wildwind. Fred decides the best way to solve the mystery is to enter the contest as a band, in order to drive the Yowie Yahoo to capture them. Russell is skeptical, but Daniel thinks it is a good idea. The Hex Girls make them look like rock stars, and soon they are on stage. While they are practicing , a golf cart approaches them. In it are Jasper Ridgeway, a snotty manager, and his band, the Bad Omens, who have three performers. They criticize the gangs playing and make them leave the stage so they can practice. Then the gang learns that Ridgeway was once the manager of Wildwind. Jasper says Wildwind was the greatest band he ever managed and is sad that they disappeared. He then complains about the head and camping, and goes back to his "trailer", leaving his band to practice. The gang grows suspicious of Ridgeway and thinks he might have put his band up to masquerading as vampires and getting rid of all the other performers. They split up, with Fred, Velma, and Daphne going to Jasper\'s trailer and Shaggy and Scooby staying at the food stands. At the trailer, Fred, Velma, and Daphne find that Jasper has lots of mementos of Wildwind, including three copies of the suits the band members used. They also wonder why Jasper did not come to his trailer, ; when he said he was going to. Meanwhile, Scooby and Shaggy get chased by the Wildwind Vampires, but eventually lose them. They end up back at the stage, where the Bad Omens are rehearsing. There, they witness the Yowie Yahoo and the Wildwind vampires capture the Bad Omens is the same way they captured Matt Marvelous. They tell the others. Jasper is sad they are gone, but then he says he shouldn\'t have gone back to his trailer, when in fact he was never there at all. Fred decides that everyone should sleep at the same place, so no one gets taken. During the night, a band named Two Skinny Dudes arrives. They say they have been staying in Vampire Rock, but have not seen any. Jasper quickly forgets the Bad Omens and asks Two Skinny Dudes if they wanted him to be their manager, which makes the gang suspicious. The next day the gang and Daniel go to see Malcolm. He explains how Wildwind was foolish to go into Vampire Rock. He also says how vampires hate the sun, cannot run over running water, and cannot be seen in a picture. That night is the performance, and the Hex Girls start things off. However, the Yowie Yahoo and the Wildwind vampires appear and capture the Hex Girls. The crowd thinks it was an act, but the gang decides to investigate the rock. Inside, Fred, Velma, and Daphne find lots of special effects equipment like fans and lights. However, they find the Wildwind vampires and get chased. Scooby and Shaggy get trapped by a group of dingoes. The sound of Fred, Velma and Daphne running scares off the Dingoes, but then the whole gang gets trapped by the vampires and the Yowie Yahoo. The gang is able to avoid them until the sun comes up. The sun reflects off Scooby-Doo\'s collar, which shines on the Yowie Yahoo and destroys him. However, the Wildwind vampires are not affected by the sun or running over water, and give chase to the gang. The Wildwind Vampires chase them until the gang and Daniel unleash a trap and capture the "vampires". Jasper and Daniel are confused, wondering who did it, but the gang knows. After splashing water on the faces to get rid of the makeup, the gang shows that it was Two Skinny Dudes and Russell. Daniel and Jasper are surprised, but get even more surprised when the gang unmasks them and it is shown that the members of Wildwind are the actual vampires. They explain how they wanted to start up their career, so they posed as dead and were planning to perform again. They used special effects to make the Yowie Yahoo and climbing equipment to fly around. When asked about the missing performers, they said they gave them free Great Barrier Reef Scuba diving tours and sent them away. Then the Hex Girls and Malcolm show up. They say they were left in the Outback because they did not want the trip, but Malcolm found them. Wildwind are sent to jail. Daniel says that Mystery Inc\'s. band is the only one left, so they win. The film ends with the gang performing to the crowd and getting their band name, The Meddling Kids, joined by the Hex Girls.'] ['Con-artist Harry Bundage  believes that there is a great treasure at Candleshoe, the large country estate of Lady St Edmund . Harry recruits American Casey Brown —a street kid—into the plot, employing her to pose as Lady St Edmund\'s granddaughter, the Honourable Margaret, 4th Marchioness of St Edmond, who disappeared as a baby after her father died in a car crash. Lady St Edmund, however, is poor and owes money in back taxes. Priory , her butler , and some local orphan children help keep the estate finances one step ahead of the government by selling produce made on the estate. All of this happens unknown to Lady St Edmund. Initially Casey enters the con attempting to find the location of the treasure; but her affections gradually turn towards that of the household and Lady St Edmund. She eventually joins them in their quest to uncover Lady St Edmund\'s treasure for the benefit of Candleshoe, rather than for Bundage. This nearly costs the young girl her life when she is seriously injured trying to prevent Harry from stealing money from Lady St Edmund. Casey is taken to hospital unconscious with severe concussion and remains there for several days before she has recovered enough to return to Candleshoe and try to stop Bundage once and for all. The four clues revealed in the hunt for the treasure: *"For the sunrise student there is treasure among books." *"The paths of glory lead but to the grave."  *"He followed the eclipse for riches and fame; and, if ye would prosper, do ye the same." *"Underfoot, in the great hall. Look high, look low, discover all." Casey Brown\'s "open sesame" for Lady St. Edmund is a piece of music, "Greensleeves." Casey pretends to remember the tune when a music box is discovered hidden in the fireplace.'] ['Kevin Manley , a Los Angeles travel agent, receives the message that his grandpa has passed and left everything to him. However, he must go to Alaska in order to collect his inheritance. He leaves Canoga Park , quits his job, despite his boss warning him that he will give up and decide to come back begging for his job back, and heads to Anchorage, Alaska. Upon arrival, Manley finds out that if he proves he is manly by participating in the yearly Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race he can obtain the land that his grandfather left to him and if he doesn\'t participate, the land wouldn\'t be signed over. While in Alaska, he meets some other participants including: the beautiful Bonnie Livengood , the stupid English Carter , ex-sheriff Ned Parker  and the local attorney Clive Thornton  who initially informed him of conditions of the race. Manley eventually discovers a box of various items that had belonged to his grandfather that included a fur cap and coat, a sword, and a diary which informed Manley that his grandfather had found gold on the land with a relative of a participant he had met earlier, Bonnie Livengood. While preparing for the event, two other participants, Clive and Carter, attempt to sabotage Manley\'s chances at winning the race so they can get the land and the gold. Clive promises to pay Carter a thousand dollars if he could prevent Kevin from entering or even finishing the race. Carter succeeds in stealing Kevin\'s team of huskies and burning down the shed containing his sled, tent, and supplies. Despite his losses, Kevin uses some of his remaining savings to buy a new sled, a tent, some winter clothing, and food supplies for him and his dogs. He also buys a new team of dogs to replace the ones he lost: Farty, a Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever, Trooper, a German Shepherd, Pierre, a black poodle, Barker, a large dark-brown wiry-haired mongrel, Gumly, a large St. Bernard, Snowflake, a white American bulldog, and a Jack Russell terrier named Riddles. After the Iditarod race begins and the teams head off into the wilderness, Kevin begins to learn how to survive on the trail and face the perils that seem to pull on him. He and his dogs begin to form a bond of friendship. Along the trail, Kevin rescues Bonnie from Parker, who was in the process of trying to rape her, and gives him the "Canoga Park Coffee Zap", in which he pours hot coffee on his private area. Shortly afterwards, Bonnie and Kevin form a deep relationship and fall in love with each other. Clive and Carter, who are both anxious to have Kevin lose, try several plans to stop Kevin from finishing the race. Carter cuts half of one of the lines attached to the sled, in which it snaps free as the team rush on down the trail and Kevin has an accident, but is rescued by an Indian tribe and nursed back to health. Another night, Clive and Carter scatter strips of meat around the camp, which attracts a grizzly bear that tears down Kevin\'s tent and scares him and his dogs off. After the duo blow up Kevin\'s grandfather\'s cabin with dynamite, Kevin soon finds out of Clive\'s and Carter\'s plan and warn them both to stay away from him and his team. While camping in a snow cave during a blizzard, Bonnie and Kevin discover a map inside Kevin\'s jacket that belonged to his grandfather. The map tells them of a place known as Wolf Mountain, where Kevin believes that his grandfather hid his gold. When the storm clears, they reach Wolf Mountain and recovered the chest full of gold nuggets underneath the snow. Unfortunately, Clive and Carter arrive, take the chest of gold, and take Bonnie hostage after burying Kevin in the spot where they uncovered the gold. However, Kevin orders his lead dog, Farty to dig him out and he follows Clive and Bonnie all the way to Nome, which is the finish line of the Iditarod Sled Dog race. He manages to beat Parker and Carter, wins the race, and races onward to cut off Thornton\'s escape. He rescues Bonnie and Clive draws out a gun and fires at them, but he misses. The bullet glances off several metal objects inside an abandoned garage and finally hits an oil barrel, which blows up the garage with Clive inside it. At the same moment, the gold survives the explosion and falls around Bonnie and Kevin, who are surprised and overjoyed. Clive, who had recently survived the explosion, and Carter are arrested for their actions against Kevin and Bonnie, and Kevin is rewarded with the prize money of the race, a gold cup, and a bouquet of flowers, which he gives to Bonnie. He asks Bonnie to marry him and she happily agrees. With some of the price money and his grandfather\'s gold, Bonnie and Kevin get married, build a new cabin, and settle down with their dogs and their first child, a baby girl..'] [' Cody Banks , a 15-year-old high school student, applies for a junior position for the Central Intelligence Agency after completing his summer camp for CIA agents. Answering to his handler Agent Ronica Miles , Cody is called upon a mission to find information about a scientist named Dr. Albert Connors . Connors is employed by a SPECTRE type organization named ERIS led by Dr. Brinkman , and his henchman, François Molay . As all CIA agents are known to Brinkman\'s organization, the CIA uses the unknown Banks, who is placed into the prep school of Dr. Connors\' daughter, Natalie , the William Donovan Institute. Cody soon finds he has no social skill with girls and has no time to do this while balancing his chores and homework. The CIA decides to help by doing his chores and homework, trying to build his status, and going into the school to set him up with Natalie. The CIA also assemble a varying team of "experts" to train Cody into how to talk to girls, and issue him with a variety of gadgets with various functions. Eventually, Cody befriends, and falls in love with Natalie after saving her from falling off a ladder while putting up a banner, and he is invited to her 16th birthday party, where he goes undercover to her father\'s lab. Cody finds that Dr. Brinkman is planning to use nanobots — which can destroy any carbon or silicon-based substance — to destroy the world\'s defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes him. Since the nanobots are inactive in the cold, he plans to use ice cubes to distribute them. After Connors, Brinkman and François leave the lab, Cody attempts to steal one of the ice cubes, only for it to melt when in his possession. Shortly after this, Cody gets into a fight with a number of bullies, at the party. The fight makes the school newspaper, causing the CIA to remove him from the mission for fear he may have blown his cover. Meanwhile, with Connors refusing to aid him in his plans, Dr. Brinkman sends François and some men to catch Natalie and bring her into his base in the Cascade Mountains. Meanwhile, disobeying orders to stay away from her, Cody and Natalie eat ice cream at a restaurant. Cody attempts to explain things to Natalie but François and a group of men come over to their table and fight with Cody, knocking him unconscious and taking Natalie. Cody is removed from the mission, and his parents punish him for staying out past his curfew. Cody gets his brother Alex  to make sure his parents do not find out that he is gone by giving him the $5,000 the CIA gave him. Knowing Natalie\'s location via a tracking device in a necklace he gave her as a birthday present, Cody breaks into the CIA weapons hold and steals a rocket powered snowboard and other devices to rescue Natalie. Cody gets a ride to the top of the mountain and snowboards to the factory where Natalie is held. On the way, he gets caught in a grove of trees as Ronica finds him using a SoloTrek XFV. After convincing Ronica that they need to rescue Natalie, the pair infiltrate the laboratory and Cody rescues Natalie, also explaining the truth about why he went out with her. However, the trio are captured by Brinkman\'s men, although Cody quickly manages to escape. Natalie is held hostage by Dr. Brinkman, who puts an ice cube with a nanobot inside on her forehead to make her father program the system. Cody sets off a series of explosive charges he and Ronica had planted throughout the base, and in the ensuing battle, Ronica fights off several of Dr. Brinkman\'s men and Natalie kills Dr. Brinkman by placing the ice cube with the nanobots into his mouth, causing it to melt, and the nanobots to devour him from the inside out. Cody later defeats François and sends him to the CIA using the SoloTrek XFV, before fleeing the facility with Ronica, Natalie and Dr. Connors before it explodes. The film ends with Cody and Natalie sharing their first kiss.'] ["Kermit the Frog, Fozzie Bear, and Gonzo the Great play newspaper reporters for the Daily Chronicle. Kermit and Fozzie, specifically, are playing identical twin reporters, which becomes the source of a running gag - supposedly, nobody can tell they are twins unless Fozzie wears his hat. While Gonzo is too busy taking pictures of a chicken, the biggest fashion designer of London named Lady Holiday  gets robbed of her necklace. The trio are eventually assigned to investigate the theft of the valuable jewels from Lady Holiday, which they have to beg for after their boss Mike Tarkenian  dismisses them following the Daily Chronicle's headline about the twins joining the staff . They travel to London to interview her, but with only $12 for the trip, they are forced to fly in the airplane's baggage hold and are thrown out of the plane as they arrive over Britain while it continues on to Italy. They stay at the dilapidated  Happiness Hotel, run and populated by Pops, Scooter, Rowlf, Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem, Sam the Eagle, Swedish Chef, Rizzo the Rat, and Lubbuck Lou and his Jughuggers. When Kermit seeks out Lady Holiday in her office however, he instead finds the love of his life Miss Piggy and fails to recognize her, mistaking her for the fashion designer. Piggy  masquerades as Lady Holliday, even going so far as to sneak into a ritzy townhouse  to impress Kermit with her dwellings much to the surprise of the true British residents Neville  and Dorcas . At a night club restaurant, Lady Holiday's necklace is stolen by her jealous brother Nicky  and his assistants Carla , Marla , and Darla , three of her put-upon fashion models. Despite Nicky's instant attraction to Miss Piggy, they successfully frame her for the theft and plan to steal an even more valuable prize....the coveted Baseball Diamond which is on display at a local gallery, the Mallory Gallery. Unfortunately for them, Gonzo is under a nearby table and overhears them. Kermit's crew, along with their friends from the Happiness Hotel, have no choice but to intercept and catch the thieves themselves in order to vindicate Miss Piggy. The Muppets get to the Mallory Gallery, and get to the Baseball Diamond at the same time as the thieves, use the Baseball Diamond in a game of Keep Away and later baseball, complete with Louis Kazagher commentating. Piggy, meanwhile, has escaped from prison and, in a bout of serendipity, finds a motorcycle which she uses to crash into the Gallery's window, knocking Nicky, who is holding Kermit hostage, out in the process. Carla, Marla and Darla confront Piggy, only to be quickly dispatched by a flurry of furious karate chops. As the police arrive, Piggy is cleared from all charges, Nicky and his fashion model-acquaintances are arrested, and the Muppets get their deserved credit for foiling the heist. The Muppets then return to America the same way they departed, being thrown out of the cargo hold and parachuting back to Earth, over the end credits which concludes with Gonzo taking a photo of the audience with his overly powerful flashbulb causing the screen to go black as if he blinded his subjects again."] ["A strange virus from a new game based on the Mystery Gang's past adventures comes to life and tries to scare away the game's creator, so Mystery, Inc. themselves come to help their friend. They come to the college where the game was created and learn from their friend and the creator Eric, that the virus has assumed a lifelike form and is now rampant across the campus. The gang goes on the hunt for the mysterious computer virus. Unfortunately, they somehow get pulled into the game after a mysterious villain activates the game in cyberspace. Left with no other choice but to complete the game in order to escape it, the gang fights their way through ten levels of mystery and adventure, with the goal of finding a box of Scooby Snax in order to complete each level. All the while, their efforts are impeded by the phantom virus. They finally reach the game's final level, where they meet their virtual counterparts . They team up to defeat the phantom virus, who wreaks havoc across the final level and summon various monsters from the gang's past. To make matters worse, the monsters are real. The climax takes the two gangs to a carnival, where they fight off the creatures and attempt to retrieve the last box of Scooby Snax. During the fight, they use magnets to fight the virus, whom they discover is severely weakened by magnetic forces. They distract the virus long enough for Scooby to retrieve the Scooby Snax,when Scooby Doo retrieves the Snax Scooby howls out his name, beating the game and destroying the phantom virus. The real gang bids farewell to their virtual selves and head home. Back in the lab, the gang reveals that they know the culprit, who happens to be Eric's best friend and lab partner Bill . Bill is arrested and reveals that he sought to sabotage Eric's chances of winning the big cash prize at the science fair, out of jealousy for the fact that Eric was a more recent student than Bill was, and felt more deserving to win and he beamed Scooby and the gang into the game and hoped they wouldn't live because he was afraid that they would find out who created the virus. The gang and Eric play a new Scooby-Doo game, during which Scooby interacts with the gang's virtual counterparts once again by feeding Cyber Scooby some Scooby Snax."] ['In 1993, Jerry Shepard  is a guide at an Antarctica research base under contract with the National Science Foundation. UCLA professor, Dr. Davis McClaren  arrives at the base and presses Shepard to take him to Mount Melbourne to attempt to find a rare meteorite from the planet Mercury. Shepard does so against his own intuition, which tells him that it is too late in the season  to complete such a treacherous route. Worried about the snowmobiles breaking through the thinning ice or falling in a crevasse, Shepard tells his boss and McClaren that the only way to get to Mount Melbourne is by dog sled. Shepard and McClaren make it to Mount Melbourne but are immediately called back to base camp due to an approaching storm. McClaren begs for some time, and Shepard gives him half a day. McClaren finds what he was looking for and the two head back to the sled. Shepard pauses to patch up one of the dogs  whose paw is bleeding. McClaren, while walking around to get a better radio connection with base, slides down an embankment when a soft ledge gives way. His landing at the bottom cracks the thin ice and McClaren ends up breaking through. Shepard is able to get his lead dog Maya to take a rope to McClaren and the dog team pulls him from the water. Now, as they battle hypothermia, frostbite and near whiteout conditions, Shepard and McClaren have to rely on the dogs\' stamina and keen sense of direction to get them back to base. The injured people are immediately evacuated, along with all other personnel, due to the storm, which is expected to intensify. With too much weight in the plane to carry both people and dogs, the human team medically evacuates Shepard and McClaren with a plan to return later for the dogs. The dogs are temporarily left behind, but the storm is worse than expected, and because of the harsh weather conditions and a shortage of supplies at the McMurdo Station, it soon becomes apparent that no rescue will be attempted until the next spring. Back at home, Shepard is guilt-ridden about leaving his dogs, and stops working as an Antarctic-conditions guide. Five months later, and after a heart-to-heart session with an older, veteran guide, Shepard decides to throw his all into rescuing the dogs. Before leaving for the trip, Shepard patches things up with McClaren, and tells him about his intentions to rescue the dogs. McClaren learns that Shepard does not have enough money to pay for the trip, but tells him that he cannot help him. Soon afterwards, McClaren sees a drawing of the dog team made by his young son, with the title: "My Hero is... THE DOGS WHO SAVED MY DADDY." McClaren realizes the magnitude of his ingratitude and uses the remaining balance of his grant money to finance a rescue mission.  Four days after the dogs were left at base camp, they eventually break free of their chains, except for Old Jack, but Old Jack, who\'s too old to go with the others on their journey, dies at the base camp, despite encouragement to break free by Maya. The dogs now begin hunting seals, sea gulls, and penguins in order to keep from starving. However, one night whilst looking at the southern lights, one of the dogs, Dewey, falls off a steep slope and is fatally injured. The dogs show their affection for their teammate, but after Dewey succumbs to his injuries and dies, the dogs eventually have to move on. The youngest dog, Max, stays with Dewey a little longer and is separated from the rest. Max finds his way back to where McClaren fell into the ice earlier and spots a dead Orca. He eats from it until he is attacked by a nearby leopard seal that fiercely guards its meal. The other dogs also find their way to the dead Orca and Max gets the leopard seal\'s attention so the rest can eat. But the leopard seal quickly sees what\'s happening, bites Maya on the leg and nearly kills her. Max and the other dogs fiercely chase him off. Maya manages to survive, but her leg is seriously injured. The rest of the pack continue to hunt for food. Maya refuses food brought for her, and gives pack leadership to Max, who has shown bravery, leadership and compassion. The dogs manage to find their way close to the base camp where Shepard and his rescue team are arriving. Shepard and the five dogs have a happy reunion. When Shepard gets ready to go in the car to leave, Max refuses to go. Max leads Jerry to the injured Maya, and he is able to rescue her as well. The team then leaves the base to return home with the six dogs. The final scene shows a grave for Old Jack and Dewey.'] ['Bobby, who lives on a farm in an unspecified area of Nebraska with his mother, Glenna , and grandfather ([[Charles Napier , is a typical eight-year-old boy with an overactive imagination. Often receiving punishment for his make-believe adventures, Bobby believes his imagination to be a negative trait. When Bobby\'s grandfather falls and breaks his arm due to an approaching storm, Bobby is left on the farm alone while his mother accompanies his grandfather to the hospital. During this storm, a "vortex in time" is created and deposits "Captain" Jezebel Jack, a self-centered pirate who was forced to walk the plank on his own ship and sent into the vortex. Jack awakes in a field of wheat, where he finds Bobby, who tends to his wounds after he loses consciousness yet again. While adapting to the advances of modern technology , Jack is told of an old buried treasure map by Bobby, and demands they follow the map. Bobby explains that his grandfather explained to him the story, and that the map is written in some unknown code. Jack says that the map is in "Adventurer\'s Code", in which he is fluent. The two immediately begin to follow the map, and quickly find the treasure buried under an old tool shed. Shortly after uncovering the treasure, another vortex in time is opened, and the rest of Jack\'s mutinied crew is deposited. The crew quickly learn of the treasure, and open attack on Jack and Bobby, who are forced to defend the house and the treasure. After Bobby, who has by now become close friends with Jack, is captured and held in ransom, Jack is forced to hand over what is believed to be the treasure. The boy is released, but Jack is forced to stay with the crew, who are teleported back to their native time. The crew quickly discover that the treasure they received is a counterfeit: bricks covered in aluminum foil. By the time the crew realize that they\'ve been tricked, Jezebel Jack is able to retreat to the murky water, where he is once again deposited to the Nebraska plains.'] ["Young baseball fan Yankee Irving , whose father Stanley  works as a janitor for New York City's Yankee Stadium, dreams of playing for the Yankees but can't even play sandlot baseball well enough to avoid being picked last. One day beside the sandlot, he finds a talking baseball he names Screwie . While father and son are in the stadium, a thief steals Babe Ruth's famous bat Darlin' , with the result that Yankee's father is blamed and fired. The true thief is Lefty Maginnis , a pitcher for the Chicago Cubs. Lefty works for Cubs owner Napoleon Cross , who desires to see the Cubs defeat the Yankees during the 1932 World Series. Stealing the bat back, Yankee decides to return it to Ruth&mdash;and thereby exonerate his father&mdash;by journeying across the country to Chicago, where the next World Series' games will be played. Darlin' is able to speak, as does her counterpart Screwie, who she constantly argues and bickers with . Much of the plot is driven by Lefty's comic attempts to retrieve the bat from Yankee, with slapstick results. Other scenes involve Yankee meeting others who will help him in his quest: several hobos ; Marti , an African American girl; her baseball player father Lonnie Brewster ; and in Chicago, Babe Ruth himself . A series of improbable coincidences allows Yankee himself to bat for the Yankees, resulting in the archetypal home run . This restores the morale of the Yankees, who score 7 more runs to take the lead and win the World Series. Cross tries to talk Babe Ruth out of accepting the victory, saying that Yankee is too young to be a counting player. This leads to the arrest of Cross, who simply says that he was a fan that cheated. When his part in the plan is revealed, Lefty is banished from the team, although he is able to stay out of jail. Yankee also successfully exonerates his father. Yankee returns home, now knowing what is truly important in baseball."] ["Set in the country of South Africa, the story begins with a cheetah cub being orphaned after his mother was killed by lions. The cub is found on the side of the road by a young boy named Xan  and his father Peter . Initially reluctant to take in a wild animal, Peter agrees to let Xan take care of the cub. They name him “Duma”, the Swahili name for “cheetah”. Over the years, Duma becomes a part of the family, being closely raised by Xan. As he nears adulthood, Peter and Xan decide to teach Duma how to run by having him chase alongside Peter’s motorcycle, which can barely keep up with him. But with Duma almost fully grown, to Xan’s dismay, his father tells him that it is time to take his friend to his real home before he grows too old to survive in his native habitat. His father says to Xan, “Duma has to live the life he was born to – or he’ll never be fully alive.” Xan reluctantly agrees, but their plans must be put on hold when his father suddenly falls ill and dies and Xan and his mother  must move to Johannesburg. Duma comes with them, which wreaks havoc on their life in the city. Xan’s aunt is terrified of Duma, who likes to sneak up and surprise her, and when Duma escapes and pays a disastrous visit to Xan’s school, the two of them must flee the city to keep Duma from being put into captivity. Not knowing where to go, Xan gets an idea – he’ll carry out the plan his dad had outlined, taking Duma home in the neighbouring country of Botswana, over the scorching Makgadikgadi Salt Pans, through the Okavango Delta and into the Erongo Mountains. Xan begins to drive to his destination in his father’s old motorcycle, with Duma in the sidecar. After running out of fuel and water in the grasslands, they find some shade underneath a crashed airplane. There, they are confronted by Ripkuna , a mysterious drifter on a journey of his own. While Xan isn’t at all that sure he can trust Rip, he agrees to go with him. Xan manages to turn the immobile motorcycle into a desert sailboat out of a parachute from the plane wreck, and Xan, Rip and Duma are on their way again, until they encounter the untraversable scrub brush of the Kalahari Desert and must abandon the motorcycle. While trying to find shelter, Rip is trapped in an abandoned diamond mine by a cave in, and Xan decides to leave him, as he suspects that he has been leading him to town instead of the jungle to sell Duma and collect a reward for finding him. However, when Duma is caught in a trap and Xan is knocked unconscious by a boar, Rip rescues both of them, having escaped the mine through a ventilation shaft. Soon, they reach the Okavango Delta, where Xan is set upon by the deadly wildlife and the churning rapids of the Thamalakane River, but it’s too late for him to turn back now. Xan, Rip and Duma press through the Okavango, and finally the Erongo Mountains, on the border of Botswana and Namibia are in sight. However, once they get there, Xan is suddenly set upon by a swarm of tsetse flies. To protect him from their lethal bite, Rip huddles over Xan and is bitten by hundreds of flies. He soon develops sleeping sickness, and Xan takes him to a nearby village where he can be cared for. Later that night, outside the village, Duma is out on his own and starts calling out into the mountains. Duma finds another cheetah calling to him, and they bond rather quickly. It is never explained whether this is another male cheetah, or is in fact one of Duma's siblings. Xan hears this activity, and realizes that this is where he and Duma must part. Xan says goodbye to Duma, and Duma comes to Xan and says a final goodbye, and goes back to play with his new friend. Then Xan goes back to the village to Rip. Before the credits, it shows Xan being reunited with his mother and the film ends."] ["A month after the events of the first film, General Shang asks Mulan for her hand in marriage, which she accepts. Hearing about their engagement, Mushu is thrilled for them- until the leader of the ancestors informs him that if Mulan gets married, he will lose his job as a guardian dragon and have to leave her and his pedestal, his place of honor as a guardian. The reason for this is because Mulan would be getting married to Shang, thus she becomes a part of his family which requires her to have his family ancestors and guardians. Wanting to keep his job and his friend, Mushu attempts to tear the couple apart . Meanwhile, the Emperor calls upon Mulan and General Shang to escort his three daughters- Princesses Mei, Ting-Ting, and Su across China to be betrothed to three princes so that an alliance can be formed with the kingdom of Qui Gong. If the task is not completed within three days, the alliance will crumble, and the Mongols will destroy China. Mulan and Shang set out, along with Yao, Ling and Chien-Po , to safely escort the princesses to their new kingdom. However, due to Mushu's interferences and the fact that the three princesses are upset by their arranged marriages and actually love Chien-Po, Ling, and Yao, Mulan decides to go against her orders and, despite Shang's wishes, stop the joining of kingdoms. One night, Chien-Po, Ling and Yao take the princesses out to a village where they impress the girls with their antics. Meanwhile, Mushu tricks Shang into thinking Mulan is taking advantage of him. They then go through bandit country. Pressured by Cri-Kee, Mushu confesses to Mulan on what he had done. Enlightened about the news , Mulan tries to talk to Shang when bandits attack. While saving the three princesses, the bridge they are on breaks, and General Shang and Mulan are left dangling off a broken bridge. Since the rope can only support the weight of one person, Shang sacrifices his life to save Mulan and lets go of her hand, falling into the river. Mulan then continues alone to Qui Gong. Not wanting the princesses to be forced into marriage, and because Shang is dead, she offers herself to marry one of the ruler's sons. Shang, who actually survived the fall, finds out about it and tries to stop her. Mushu decides to help by pretending to be the Great Golden Dragon of Unity, who forces the ruler to stop the marriage. Mulan and Shang get married and the princesses are released from their vows, again thanks to Mushu. At the end, Shang combines the family temples. This means that Mushu gets to keep his job, and in his happiness, he accidentally reveals himself to Shang, even though Mulan already told Shang about Mushu. Mulan, Shang, and Mushu live happily ever after."] ["At a Tokyo museum of ancient history, Mr. Takagawa, the curator, and Kenji, a janitor, witness the resurrection of The Black Samurai, an ancient Japanese warrior whose armor was to be the newest exhibit at the museum. The next day, the Mystery Inc. gang arrives at Tokyo, where Daphne is to participate in a martial arts tournament at a prestigious school. The gang meet Daphne’s friend Miyumi, who explains the difficulty of winning the tournament and entering the school as a student. The gang and Miyumi take a fully functioning robotic plane to the school, which is run by Miss Mirimoto. After Daphne defeats Miss Mirimoto’s bodyguard, Sojo, and almost defeats Miyumi, Mirimoto tells her she shows promise as a fighter. Also at the tournament is Mr. Takagawa, who explains to Mirimoto that the Black Samurai has risen and will be after the Destiny Scroll, which is at the school. That night, during a feast, the Black Samurai and his Ninja warriors attack the school and steal the scroll. But Mirimoto explains the scroll was only a copy, and shows the gang the real one. Mr. Takagawa explains to the gang the legend of the Black Samurai. The Black Samurai was an ancient warrior who asked the great swordsmith Masamune to craft a powerful sword. The sword maker agreed, but told the Samurai it would take a year to make. Masamune’s evil apprentice Muramasa offered to make another sword for the Samurai in only half the time, which the Samurai accepted. But when the Samurai took the sword, the evil of Muramasa was transferred to him, and he became the Black Samurai, wielding the Sword of Doom. When Masamune finished crafting his sword, the Sword of Fate, he presented it to The Green Dragon, who used it to defeat the Black Samurai and imprisoned him in the Sword of Doom. The Dragon then hid the sword, and put its whereabouts in a riddle on the Destiny Scroll. Velma is able to solve the riddle, and Miss Mirimoto instructs the gang, Miyumi, and Mr. Takagawa to find the Sword of Doom before the spirit can. The gang finds the sword in a cave on an island in the Pacific Ocean, where they are attacked by the Black Samurai. During the fight the Black Samurai is revealed to be Sojo. But once the gang brings Sojo back to Miss Mirimoto, she and Miyumi capture them. Miss Mirimoto explains that she staged the tournament to bring the Mystery Inc to Japan so that they would find the Sword of Doom for her. She also reveals she plans to release the Black Samurai so she can use him to return Japan to the way it was in feudal times. The ninja army is revealed to be robots in which Miss Mirimoto planted the various fighting techniques of her students . She then locks Fred, Daphne, Velma, and Mr. Takagawa in the museum, but not before Daphne kicks the Samurai's sword from Miss Mirimoto's hand into Scooby and Shaggy's possession. Scooby and Shaggy manage to escape Miss Mirimoto with the samurai sword, but are chased by the ninja warriors. They are saved by Matsuhiro, a sushi shop owner and Samurai, who trains them as Samurai and who also is aware of the legend. Matsuhiro instructs Scooby and Shaggy to pass through the gates of earth, air, fire, and water in order to find the Green Dragon and the Sword of Fate. When they do so, the Green Dragon enters the sword and takes them back to the museum to combat the Black Samurai. Kenji frees Fred, Daphne, Velma, and Mr. Takagawa, and they, plus Miyumi, who decides to fight with them, attempt to stop Sojo and Miss Mirimoto from resurrecting the Black Samurai, but failed. After reviving the Samurai, Miss Mirimoto tries to make him her servant, but she is quickly entrapped and rendered unconscious. Scooby and Shaggy arrive riding the Green Dragon and, along with a little encouragement from Matsuhiro, defeat the Black Samurai by using the Sword of Fate to destroy the Sword of Doom, breaking the curse on the Samurai, who finally passes on to the afterlife. Later, the gang attends the newly renovated museum, where a statue of Scooby is erected in his honor."] ["The story of the film is based on an old legend, that Santa Claus  gives animals the ability to speak on Christmas.{{citation needed}} The film takes place in a fictional rural farming community named Twobridge somewhere in Tennessee where a young calf named Annabelle is born on Christmas Eve. Upon meeting Santa Claus, she becomes fascinated with reindeer and their ability to fly, and wishes to fly herself. At the same time, having been gifted with the temporary ability to speak, she befriends her farmer's grandson Billy, who suffers from muteness due to smoke inhalation after a fire in the barn. Throughout the course of the year, they learn the true value of friendship and learn that with faith and a willingness to overcome great odds, anybody can achieve their dreams. Once Annabelle loses her ability to talk, the ability is permanently given to Billy, who later finds out. At the end of the movie, when Billy is a grown man married to his best friend Emily, Santa Claus grants Annabelle's wish of flying by turning her into one of his reindeer, returning her ability to speak in the process."] ['Three years after the first film, Stuart Little questions his ability after a grueling soccer match alongside George, who kicked him with a soccer ball. He becomes even more downhearted after George\'s toy airplane gets broken in an accident because of him. However, Stuart\'s father, Frederick Little, tells him that for every Little, there is a "silver lining", a good thing that comes out of an apparently bad situation. On his way home from school, Stuart saves a female canary named Margalo who is being pursued by a peregrine falcon, and they become friends. But she is secretly working with Falcon to case and steal from households. When he presses her to find and take an object of value, or lose the sanctuary he promised her, she can\'t seem to concentrate on her assignment, as she is beginning to fall in love with Stuart. Falcon eventually loses patience and threatens to kill him if she doesn\'t deliver. Worried for his safety, she takes Eleanor Little\'s diamond ring. When the Littles see that the ring is missing, they think it has fallen down the sink. Stuart offers to be lowered down the drain on a string to get it, and nearly succeeds. When it breaks Margalo saves him, and his thanks to her only makes her feel even more guilty, so she decides to leave. When he can\'t find her, he assumes she has been kidnapped - and that Falcon is somehow involved. He leaves on a quest to rescue her with the household\'s reluctant cat Snowbell, but not before setting up a plan with George. Stuart and Snowbell enlist the help of Monty, who tells them that Falcon\'s lair is at the disused observation deck of the nearby Pishkin Building. They use balloons to get Stuart to the top, where he finds out that Margalo is Falcon\'s slave, and was forced to take the ring. He tries to save her, but Falcon captures him, and drops him in a garbage truck. Unaware of this, Margalo tells Snowbell that Falcon killed Stuart. On a garbage scow where he has ended up, Stuart blames himself for everything, and has almost lost all hope. Suddenly, he finds George\'s broken plane, fixes it up, and flies to save Margalo, who, having been freed by Snowbell, just fled from Falcon. The Littles, who have discovered his absence and whereabouts follow him by taxi as he begins an aerial adventure through the park, with Margalo at his side. They lose Falcon, but he catches up and makes an attempt to kill Stuart, when he detaches the plane\'s upper wing, damaging the main one and causing it to enter a steep nose dive, which fails when Stuart recovers from the dive, nearly missing the Littles. Unable to run from Falcon, he lets Margalo off. He turns and flies the damaged plane in a kamikaze run while Falcon goes into an attack dive. He uses Mrs. Little\'s ring to temporarily blind him, and jumps out using a bandana as a parachute. The kamikaze attack works and Falcon is struck head on and defeated. Although he survives the attack, he falls out of the sky and lands in a garbage can that Monty is scavenging in, and is presumably eaten by him, but not before Stuart falls when his parachute is sliced apart by the propeller of the shattered plane, and then is rescued by Margalo. Stuart is congratulated by his family, and Margalo, who gives Mrs. Little her ring back, and Snowbell reunites with them as well. That evening, Margalo leaves with the other birds to migrate south, but not before saying goodbye to her friends. Stuart says the "silver lining" is that she\'ll be back in the spring, and his baby sister, Martha, says her first words: "Bye bye, birdie.", as the family head inside to the comfort of their home.'] ['It is Halloween night at the House of Mouse, and a lot of villains are showing up. Jafar has a trick in store for the usual heroes of the House, but the villains have to wait until midnight for him to unleash it. After a series of cartoons, Jafar, along with Captain Hook, Cruella de Vil, Ursula and Hades, takes over the house with a musical number "It\'s Our House Now!" All the other villains soon join the gang. The heroes, princesses and other fairy tale characters are trapped in the kitchen while Mickey and several others are thrown out into the street. They witness the House\'s name being changed to the House of Villains. Mickey, Donald, Goofy and Minnie try to take their House back, but Chernabog keeps them from entering the building. Then, Mickey dresses in his sorcerer outfit from Fantasia  and challenges Jafar to a magical duel using fireballs. Just when Mickey\'s sorcerer hat is knocked off, Aladdin escapes from the kitchen, flying on the magic carpet and gives Daisy Duck the magical lamp. Daisy hands it to Mickey who uses the lamp to suck Jafar into it. The rest of the villains flee and the House of Mouse is restored.'] ['When David Seville goes off to Europe on a business trip, the Chipmunks, Alvin, Simon, and Theodore are left at home with their babysitter, Miss Miller - much to the dismay of Alvin, who dreams of world travel. While the three are playing an arcade game of Around the World in Thirty Days with the Chipettes, Alvin and Brittany argue over which would win an actual race around the world. Diamond smugglers Klaus and Claudia Vorstein overhear the conversation and approach the children, telling them that they will provide them with the means for a real race around the world by hot air balloon, with the winner receiving $100,000. After tricking Miss Miller, the Chipmunks and Chipettes meet at the Vorstein\'s mansion, where they are told the rules: each team is given a separate route to follow, along with a chest of dolls, made in their own likenesses, which they are required to drop off to verify that they have visited all checkpoints. Upon dropping off one of their own dolls, they will receive a doll made in the likeness of the opposing team. In reality, the dolls being dropped off are filled with diamonds, and the dolls received are filled with cash, given to them by the buyers. Both teams begin their travels; while the Chipmunks go to Mexico City, the Chipettes are caught in a hurricane. Unknown to both teams, however, they are being trailed by two INTERPOL agents, sent by Inspector Jamal, who was informed by Klaus and Claudia\'s butler, Mario, of the Vorstein\'s operation. The agents silently follow behind as the Chipmunks and Chipettes travel to many exotic locations. Both teams meet up in Athens, where Alvin and Brittany begin bickering, each claiming they can "out-rock and roll" the other, with Dave and the two INTERPOL agents nearly spotting them. The Chipettes then travel on to Egypt, where they are captured and brought to a young Arabian prince. The prince falls in love with Brittany and, oblivious to the diamond smuggling, agrees to return the valuable dolls to Jamal but declares that he is keeping the girls, and making Brittany his bride. Despite being showered with gifts, including a baby penguin, the Chipettes are desperate to make an escape. Still unaware of the contents of their dolls, they secretly try to retrieve them - only to find them guarded by snakes. Brittany and Jeanette "charm" the snakes by singing "Getting Lucky", then grab the dolls and escape just as Eleanor arrives carrying a small cooler. Meanwhile, the Chipmunks are camping in a jungle near a native village while taking a shortcut. Theodore senses something is wrong; Simon and Alvin don\'t believe him. Upon waking up the next morning, they find Theodore missing. While trying to find him, Alvin and Simon are taken captive by some local natives. They soon learn that Theodore is being worshiped as the natives\' "Prince of Plenty". Alvin and Simon are quickly forced to wear loincloths and are made into Theodore\'s personal servants. Meanwhile, the Chipettes learn that Eleanor\'s cooler contains not only food, but the baby penguin, whom Eleanor feels needs to be returned to its parents in Antarctica. The girls soon decide to head to Antarctica and sing the song "My Mother". However, Claudia is alerted to the girls\' actions by her henchmen, and concludes that they must have discovered the diamonds and are trying to make off with them. She orders her henchmen to get the dolls back. As the girls deliver the penguin to its parents, they are attacked by Claudia\'s henchmen. The Chipettes wrestle with the men as they attempt to steal the dolls, and a doll tears as the henchman falls from the balloon. Grateful to the Chipettes, the penguins snowball the henchmen into submission as the girls escape. They then notice the torn Chipette doll lying on the floor of the balloon; Jeanette picks it up and diamonds fall out of it. Opening a Chipmunk doll, they find it full of dollar bills, and realize that the whole race was just a set-up to deliver the diamonds. Realizing that the Chipmunks are likely in danger as well, they head off to find them. Alvin and Simon, meanwhile, are forced to search a nearby cave for mushrooms, with Alvin growing increasingly fed-up with the situation. Inside the cave, they find a series of ideograms on the walls, which Simon is able to translate -thanks to his vast intellect. The ideograms tell of the Prince of Plenty being sacrificed on a full moon, which is tonight. Before long, all three Chipmunks are tied to stakes by the natives, hanging precariously above a pit full of crocodiles. In a desperate attempt to delay their own deaths, they sing "Wooly Bully", which pleases the natives and lasts just long enough for the Chipettes to rescue them. Together in the Chipettes\' balloon, the kids return to Los Angeles, where they are met at the airport by Klaus and Claudia. After a high energy chase through the baggage claim , the two groups are forced into a car under the false threat of Miss Miller\'s being kidnapped. Dave is arriving home to the airport at the same time, and hears Alvin\'s cries for help. Inspector Jamal runs up, identifying himself, and he and Dave begin to make chase. While it at first appears that Klaus and Claudia will escape, they are accidentally run off the road by Miss Miller, who was heading to the airport to pick up Dave. The diamond smugglers are arrested, and Brittany and Alvin argue over who really won the race, but Dave breaks up the argument and guides them to Miss Miller\'s car. Alvin tries to explain what happened, causing Dave to yell "ALVIN!" as the film ends.'] ["The film, set in the Adriatic Sea in the interwar period, begins with the titular character Porco Rosso, a veteran WWI fighter ace and freelance bounty hunter, responding to an alert over an attack on a ferry liner by airborne pirates. Having successfully defeated the pirates, the so-called Mamma Aiuto gang, Porco retires to the Hotel Adriano, which is run by his long-time friend Gina. At the restaurant of the hotel, which is frequented by pilots all over the Adriatic, the heads of the pirate gangs are introduced to Curtis, an arrogant and ambitious American ace who has a contract to assist them. Within time Curtis falls in love with Gina but is frustrated to see that she has affections over Porco. After successfully executing a pirating mission Curtis tracks down Porco, who is flying to Milan to have his plane improved, and shoots him down, claiming to have killed him. Porco actually survives, but all but the fuselage of his plane has been destroyed. Porco continues his mission to Milan, much to the irritation of Gina . Porco arrives discreetly in Milan to meet Piccolo, his mechanic. He is surprised to find that Piccolo's sons have emigrated to find work elsewhere, and much of the engineering is done by his granddaughter Fio. Porco is initially skeptical of Fio's abilities as a mechanic, but after seeing her dedication in the project to repair his plane he accepts her as a competent engineer, and begins to recognize her as a genius. With no males to assist in the project, Piccolo calls up an all-female team to repair the plane. When Porco's plane is finished, he is unexpectedly joined by Fio on his flight home, with the justification that if the secret police  arrest the team, they can say that Porco forced them to help and took Fio as a hostage. Porco reluctantly agrees, and the two hurriedly leave Milan. Stopping off to refuel on the way, Porco discovers that the new Fascist government are beginning to hire seaplane pirates for their own use, thus putting him out of business. Upon returning home, Porco and Fio are ambushed by the pirates, who threaten to kill Porco and destroy his plane. Fio successfully talks them out of it, but Curtis appears and challenges Porco to a final duel. Fio impulsively makes a deal with him declaring that if Porco wins, Curtis must pay off his debts owed the Piccolo's company, and if Curtis wins, he may marry her. Porco is irritated at Fio for making such a deal, but he forgives her and shows confidence in winning. That night, at Fio's request Porco tells a story recalling an event in WWI, when he was still a human, where his entire squadron apart from himself was shot down in a dogfight with Austro-Hungarian aircraft. He recalls blacking out and awakening to find himself in complete stillness, with a white band hovering in the distant sky. Enemy aircraft fly past towards the band but ignore him. He sees his friend Berlini, Gina's then-husband, and calls him back but is ignored. Porco soon sees that the band is in fact thousands of planes flying together. Porco blacks out again and recovers skimming above the sea. When he awakes he discovers that he has been turned into a pig, believing this to be a divine punishment for fleeing the fight.This aspect of the story has parallels to Roald Dahl's short story They Shall Not Grow Old.{{Cite web}}{{Cite web}} The next day, the duel is arranged and a large crowd gathers on an island to observe. With the attendants betting heavily on the outcome, the contest begins. After an indecisive dogfight between Porco and Curtis, which soon dissolves into a bare fist boxing match, Gina appears to stop the fight and to warn the crowd that the Italian air force has been alerted and are on their way. Porco barely manages to win the fight upon her arrival, and hands Fio over to her, requesting Gina to look after her. With the crowd gone, Porco and Curtis agree to delay the air force together, whilst Curtis asks to see Porco's face, suggesting perhaps he may have been transformed back into a human. An epilogue reveals that Fio becomes president of Piccolo, which is now an aircraft manufacturer, Curtis becomes a Hollywood star, the pirates continue to attend the Hotel Adriano, and it is suggested that Porco proposes to Gina."] ['Three years after the events in Toy Story, Woody prepares to go to cowboy camp with Andy but his arm is accidentally ripped so Andy leaves him behind while his mom puts him on the shelf. After Woody has a nightmare about Andy throwing him in a trash full of arms, he discovers that a penguin toy named Wheezy has been on the shelf for months because of a broken squeaker. When Woody saves Wheezy from a yard sale, he is stolen by a toy collector who Buzz Lightyear and the other toys recognize as Al McWhiggin, the greedy, avaricious owner of a shop named Al\'s Toy Barn, from a commercial. Buzz, Hamm, Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, and Rex set out to rescue Woody. In Al\'s apartment, Woody discovers that he is a valuable collectible based on an old TV show called Woody\'s Roundup, and is set to be sold to a toy museum in Tokyo, Japan. The other toys from the show - Jessie the yodeling cowgirl, Woody\'s horse Bullseye, and Stinky Pete the Prospector, are excited about the trip but Woody intends to go home because he is Andy\'s toy. Jessie, who is afraid of the dark, is furious with him as the museum will only want the whole gang; without him, they will go back into storage. That night, when Woody\'s whole arm comes off, his attempt to retrieve it and escape is foiled when the TV comes on. Woody, seeing the remote in front of Jessie, accuses her of sabotaging his escape. The following morning, Woody\'s arm is reconnected and he decides to stay when Jessie reveals that she was once the beloved toy of a child named Emily who eventually outgrew and gave her away and Prospector warns him that the same fate awaits him when Andy grows up. Meanwhile, Buzz and the other toys reach Al\'s Toy Barn. While searching the store for Woody, Buzz is captured and imprisoned in a box by a newer Buzz Lightyear action figure after a fight between them and the New Buzz\'s utter delusion. The new Buzz joins the other toys, oblivious to the fact he is an imposter, as they make their way to Al\'s apartment. Buzz escapes and pursues them, thinking they have also been captured by Al. When he gets out of Al\'s Toy Barn, he unknowingly and accidentally releases an action figure of his archenemy Emperor Zurg who follows him. Buzz rejoins the others as they find Woody, who initially refuses to return because he does not want to abandon the rest of the Roundup Gang. After Buzz reminds Woody of "a toy\'s true purpose", and he is moved by seeing himself sing "You\'ve Got a Friend in Me", he changes his mind again and asks the Roundup toys to come with him. However, Prospector prevents their escape and reveals that he wants to go to Tokyo because he spent his life on a dime store shelf and was never sold. To ensure this, he made sure Woody would not go home, and was also responsible for sabotaging his escape the previous night. Al arrives and takes Woody and the Roundup toys with him, forcing both Buzz Lightyears and Andy\'s toys to follow him. They follow Al to an elevator where they encounter Zurg who fights the new Buzz but is knocked off the elevator by Rex. When they reach the ground floor, the new Buzz stays to play with Zurg once he discovers that Zurg is his father  while Buzz and the other toys continue their pursuit of Al. Accompanied by three toy Aliens, they use a Pizza Planet delivery truck to follow Al to Tri-County International Airport where they enter the check-in area, the baggage processing area to find Woody and the Roundup toys. During a fight with Woody, Prospector rips his arm and tries to mutilate him, but is captured and stuffed into a little girl\'s backpack by Buzz and the other toys. While Woody and Bullseye are saved, Jessie ends up on the plane for Tokyo. Assisted by Buzz and Bullseye, Woody boards the plane and convinces Jessie to come with them to Andy\'s house, telling her that he has a little sister. However, the plane starts up before they can escape but they leave through an emergency hatch just as the plane gets onto the runway. Woody lassoes his string over a nut on the plane\'s wheels, and swings with Jessie between the plane wheels before landing on Bullseye just as the plane takes off. Buoyed up by living "Woody\'s Finest Hour," the toys go home. Andy returns home, repairs Woody\'s arm, and accepts Jessie and Bullseye as his new toys. The toys also learn from a commercial that Al\'s business has suffered due to his failure to sell the Roundup toys. As Jessie and Bullseye delight in having a new owner, Woody tells Buzz that he is not worried about Andy outgrowing him, because when he does, they will always have each other for company "for infinity and beyond."'] ['Somewhere in the 14th century, Claus  is a peasant woodcutter in his mid-50s who, with his wife Anya , delivers his gifts to the children of a certain village. One night, Claus, Anya and their reindeer, Donner and Blitzen, are rescued from certain death in a blizzard, only to be transported to the vast "ice mountains, way up at the top of the world." Their expected arrival is heralded with the appearance of several elves, or &ndash; as Claus\'s people call them in their legends &ndash; the Vendequm, led by the venerable and wise elf named Dooley . The Clauses also meet Patch , an inventive elf who has designs for such future items like plumbing and an alarm clock, and Puffy ([[Anthony O\'Donnell . Introduced to the mass workshop where the elves construct endless amounts of toys for the world\'s children, Claus learns that it is his destiny to distribute those toys on Christmas Eve. After months of preparation, Christmas Eve arrives and Claus is granted the name "Santa Claus" by the Ancient One , the eldest of the elves. Santa\'s yearly routine of delivering his gifts begins when he uses his modified sleigh and six additional reindeer to accompany Donner and Blitzen. When all eight deer are joined together, they can fly by eating an otherworldly reindeer feed. Two separate musical montages follow, each depicting Santa delivering toys across the centuries, and demonstrating how a great deal of the mythos around him is established. Eventually, the film moves to the late 20th century. Santa is becoming increasingly tired by the workload of toys he must deliver, combined with the ever-growing population of the planet. At that point, Anya suggests that Santa should have an assistant. Patch and Puffy are selected as candidates, and both their ideas are compared in a competition. A third musical montage takes us through the competition, which Patch ultimately wins through his invention of an automated manufacturing machine. Several nights later, on Christmas Eve, Santa meets up with a homeless boy named Joe , with whom he immediately bonds, ultimately inviting the 10-year-old along for the night ride. During the flight, Santa tempts the reindeer into performing an aerial stunt dubbed the "SuperDuper Looper" in which the reindeer attempt to perform a 360° degree circle in midair, but, as often happens each year, the maneuver fails when Donner\'s aerial dizziness gets the better of him. Santa and Joe unintentionally awaken a 9-year-old girl named Cornelia , who had secretly spent some days befriending Joe. On Christmas morning, Patch is dismayed when his toys break and are returned to the workshop. Resigning his post as Santa\'s assistant, the reluctant Patch leaves the North Pole. Patch goes to New York City where he meets B.Z. , Cornelia\'s step-uncle  &ndash; a greedy and scheming toymaking executive who is on the verge of losing his company after being subject to a Congressional investigation due to the shoddy products he has made. Patch offers to help him make toys, believing at first that B.Z.\'s toys are successful when he witnesses them being removed quickly from shops, although they are actually being recalled. Patch uses the ingredient from the reindeer feed to create a puce colored lollipop that can make people float in midair, and it soon becomes quite popular among children, making Santa feel unwanted. B.Z. then manufactures candy canes using the ingredient, but is horrified to discover that a batch of the stuff will explode when exposed to extreme heat. On discovering this news, B.Z. resolves to keep this information a secret and schemes to move to a South American country with no extradition treaty to avoid criminal prosecution. B.Z. captures and imprisons Joe when he finds him eavesdropping on him and his head of Research & Development, Dr. Eric Towzer . Patch later finds and frees a bound and gagged Joe and decides to return to the North Pole with him, when he sees a carved toy resembling himself, an "elf-portrait", given to Joe by Santa. The two friends buckle themselves into the incredible Patchmobile, which they have stuffed with loads and loads of the candy canes. The NYPD then go to arrest B.Z. after Cornelia alerts them of her uncle\'s crimes, but he eats some of the candy canes and finds himself floating in midair, eventually disappearing far, far up into the sky. Having summoned him with an incomplete letter, Cornelia and Santa now pursue Patch and Joe until the Patchmobile explodes, the result of the candy canes\' exposure to heat. Their only hope of saving them now is to attempt the aforementioned "Super Duper Looper". Finally, with Patch reconciled with his fellow elves, Joe is welcomed into the Clauses\' family and Cornelia is invited to stay for a year. Dooley reacts to the addition of Joe and Cornelia by commenting: "As if I don\'t have enough to do! Now, I\'m going to have to be a schoolteacher!" To which both children gasp: "School?!" The film ends with the inhabitants of the North Pole celebrating the triumph with a joyous dance party. The film\'s final images are of B.Z. floating away into space, doomed to die of asphyxiation in the upper atmosphere among the floating remains of the Patchmobile.'] ["{{Expand section}} A disabled child of a single-parent mother moves to a new town finds an alien he names MAC. He distrusts the alien, but his sister thinks that the alien may have some special value. The alien only likes skittles and coke. After a few silly adventures, the unnamed child's wheelchair falls off a cliff, and MAC saves him. The sheriff is shocked, but helps anyway. The children start to take MAC seriously and decide to help reunite him with his family. They go to a birthday party at a McDonald's and have a dance party with MAC dressed up as a teddy bear. The FBI shows up and the kids try to pass off MAC as just a bear, but the FBI agents seem to recognize his dance moves. They chase MAC outside. MAC finally catches up with his family when they walk into a supermarket naked. The alien daughter tries to steal a coke but she is stopped by the store security. The alien dad takes the gun away from the security guard and a brief shootout with the police follows. The shootout ends with a pipe exploding , killing the unnamed child who has befriended MAC. A doctor pronounces the child dead. MAC brings him back to life. The movie ends with the alien family being granted citizen ship for performing a miracle in bringing the unnamed child back to life."] ['In Spain 1519, two con artists, Tulio  and Miguel  win a map to the legendary City of Gold, El Dorado, in a rigged gambling match . After being accused of cheating with loaded dice, the two evade capture while being chased by a bull and hide in barrels, which are shortly loaded onto one of the ships to be led by Hernán Cortés  to the New World. During the trip, they are caught as stowaways, but manage to break free and take a rowboat with the help of Cortés\' horse, Altivo . They land at an unknown shore at the edge of South America, and Miguel begins to recognize landmarks stated on the map. The map leads them to a totem marker outside of a waterfall where a young woman approaches them, chased by a number of guards. The guards see the image of Tulio and Miguel riding Altivo as the same on the totem, and believing them to be gods, escort them and the woman under the falls and into El Dorado, truly a city made of gold. Tulio and Miguel are brought to the city\'s elders, Chief Tannabok  and wicked high priest Tzekel-Kan . While Tannabok warmly welcomes them to the city, Tzekel-Kan mainly sees them as a way to enhance his own standing. Tulio and Miguel begin to argue on what to do. Everyone is convinced they are gods when as a volcano is beginning to erupt, Tulio yells at Miguel to "stop!" and the volcano suddenly stops. After celebrations offered by both Tannabok and Tzekel-Kan, the two are taken to private quarters along with the woman they met earlier, Chel , who has seen through their ploy but offers to help maintain it as long as they take her with them when they leave. Tulio tells Tannabok the next day that they are only here for a visit, but will need a boat to leave the city with the gifts the city has showered upon them. Tannabok says it will take them at least three days to construct a vessel to carry both them and the gifts given to them by the people of El Dorado. Chel encourages Miguel to continue to explore the city, allowing her to become closer to Tulio. When Tzekel-Kan sees Miguel playing a ball game with children, he demands that the gods play against the city\'s best players. During the match, Tulio and Miguel are clearly over-matched, but Chel replaces the ball with a rolled-up armadillo, allowing the two to cheat and win the game. However, when Tzekel-Kan offers to have the defeated players put to death, Miguel orders him to leave the city. As he is leaving, Tzekel-Kan sees a small cut on Miguel\'s forehead, and realizes that they are not gods because gods do not bleed. Tzekel-Kan conjures a giant stone jaguar to chase them through the city. Tulio and Miguel manage to outwit the stone jaguar, causing both it and Tzekel-Kan to fall into a giant whirlpool, thought to be the entrance to Xibalba, the spirit world. Tzekel-Kan comes to outside El Dorado, where Cortés and his men are searching for gold. Thinking Cortés is a true god, Tzekel-Kan quickly offers to lead them to El Dorado. With their boat completed and loaded with treasures, Tulio is ready to leave but Miguel announces that he will be staying because he finds the city peaceful. As Tulio and Chel start to leave, they spot smoke on the horizon, realizing that Cortés and his men are approaching the city with the help from Tzekel-Kan. To protect the city from the Spanish troops, Tulio determines they can use the boat to slam against rock formations under the waterfall path that will cave in and block access to the city. The city residents pull down a large statue to create a wave to propel the boat, but Tulio cannot get the sails up to give the boat enough speed to avoid the statue. Miguel forgoes his chance to stay in the city and jumps into the boat with Altivo to finish hoisting the sails. The boat clears the statue in time, and Tulio\'s plan is successful; though the boat and its treasures are lost, the entrance to El Dorado is sealed for good. Tulio, Miguel, Chel, and Altivo hide as Tzekel-Kan brings Cortés and his men towards the waterfall. Once Tzekal-Kan finds out that the entrance has been blocked, an angry Cortés takes this as a lie. Cortés and his men then march away with a humiliated Tzekel-Kan in their hands. Tulio, Miguel, and Chel, though disappointed they lost their treasure, take off in a different direction for a new adventure, unaware that Altivo still wears the golden horseshoes he was outfitted with in the city.'] ['The film stars Dean Jones as returning champion race car driver Jim Douglas, joined by his riding mechanic, Wheely Applegate . Together with Herbie, the "Love Bug", a 1963 Volkswagen Beetle, they are participating in the fictional Trans-France Race, from Paris, France to Monte Carlo, Monaco, in which they hope to stage a racing comeback.  In the Trans-France Race itself, Douglas and Herbie have three major opponents: *Bruno von Stickle : He is a dark-haired, moustached German driver with experience in the "European Racing Circuit". His car was a powerful Porsche 917 clone painted in the colors of the German national flag, and bearing the number 17. In fact, as referred in the movie, the kit car is a Lazer 917 GT coupé with numerous components including the engine and chassis from the Beetle. Von Stickle is deemed to be a formidable contender prior to and during the race. *Claude Gilbert  on the hood and the sides. His dominance in the race seemed similar to that of von Stickle until he crashed in the later stages. *Diane Darcy : She is a very pretty, if somewhat icy, young woman with strawberry blonde hair and hazel eyes who initially hates Jim for his and Herbie\'s incompetence that ruined her chances during the qualifying rounds. Diane\'s race car is a powder-blue 1976 Lancia Scorpion with yellow and white stripes, as well as a racing number #7. Hers is a car with whom Herbie falls in love during the film. However, Diane does not appear to believe in cars with minds of their own; thinking this was merely an excuse for what she believed as an act of possible misogyny or sexism from Jim. The only female driver in the race, Ms. Darcy is ostensibly a rookie driver, although her level of racing experience is never discussed in the movie. Relatively little was seen of her performance in the Trans-France Race itself. Diane and the Lancia crash into a lake towards the end of the race, but Herbie, Jim, and Wheely save them from drowning. She soon changes her attitude toward Jim after he saves her life and she witnesses Herbie towing her Lancia out of the lake. All three watch as Herbie crawls next to the Lancia and the two cars hold doors like holding hands. When Herbie seems to have trouble restarting, Diane knows cars can have minds of their own because she now knows her own car is alive as well. Diane urges the little car not to relent in the quest for victory in the Trans-France Race , and bids Jim good luck with a light kiss on one cheek. With Diane out of the race , Jim pursues Von Stickle through the streets of Monte Carlo, combatants in a thrilling duel for the win. In the end, though, Bruno von Stickle is overtaken by the little car in the famous tunnel of the Formula One race track, Herbie outracing him by driving upside down on the tunnel roof. Jim drives Herbie to victory for  the 20th time in their careers. As the film progresses, two thieves, Max ([[Bernard Fox  and Quincey , steal the famous Etoile de Joie and cleverly hide the diamond in Herbie\'s gas tank. It is also revealed that Inspector Bouchet , also known as "Double X / XX", is the mastermind behind the museum robbery, though the fact of his scheme is revealed near the end of the movie. It is the eager young detective Fontenoy , of whom the Inspector is the superior officer, who unravels the mystery of L\'Etoile de Joie, and has Bouchet clapped in handcuffs. At the end of the movie, Jim and Diane begin to fall in love, as do Wheely and the Monte Carlo trophy girl . Most of all, Herbie and Giselle  fall in love again as well.'] ["It begins with Scrat  returning to a huge tree, hollowed out and filled to the brim with acorns. There is one more empty spot in the middle of the acorns where Scrat tries to stuff the last acorn he brought with him . However it pops back out when his back is turned and after two more tries at getting it in place - both with the acorn popping out again - Scrat gets frustrated and stomps it into place, unwittingly blowing the entire tree, and every acorn along with Scrat is sent sliding down the side of a mountain. The acorns and Scrat go into free fall. A short musical scene follows , with Scrat collecting acorns as he falls, turning them into 3 things . Eventually Scrat collects and forms a 3-D sphere with the acorns, but then  it tilts upside down so Scrat and the acorns finally fall to the icy land down below. There is one lone acorn  left in the atmosphere. Scrat, stuck in the snow, is only able to free his arms before the acorn impacts right between his eyes, as fast as a meteorite. The extreme force results in continental drift, shaping the Earth's continents  into their present day form and trapping Scrat on the original spot from the center of the impact. When Scrat digs out the acorn, he finds it has been charred and thus crumbled into ash. Disappointed and defeated, he puts on the remaining acorn cap as a beret."] [' Flik, an individualist and would-be inventor, lives in a colony of ants. The ants are led by Princess Atta and her mother, the Queen, and they live on a small island in the middle of a creek. Flik is different and always unappreciated because of his problematic inventions. The colony is oppressed by a gang of marauding grasshoppers led by Hopper who arrive every season demanding food from the ants. When the annual offering is inadvertently knocked into a stream by Flik\'s latest invention, a harvester device, the grasshoppers demand twice as much food as compensation. Given a temporary reprieve by the grasshoppers, the ants trick Flik into accepting his plan to recruit "warrior bugs" to fight off the grasshoppers. While Flik actually believes in the plan, the other ants see it as a fool\'s errand to get rid of Flik and save themselves trouble. Making his way to the "big city" , Flik mistakes a group of circus bugs, who have recently been fired by their money-hungry ringmaster, P.T. Flea, for the warrior bugs he seeks. The bugs, in turn, mistake Flik for a talent agent, and agree to travel with him back to Ant Island. Discovering their mutual misunderstanding, the circus bugs attempt to leave, but are forced back by a bird. They save Princess Dot, the Queen\'s daughter and Atta\'s sister, from the bird as they flee, gaining the ants\' trust in the process. They continue the ruse of being "warriors" so the troupe can continue to enjoy the attention and hospitality of the ants. The bird encounter inspires Flik into creating an artificial bird to scare away Hopper, leader of the grasshoppers, who is deeply afraid of birds. The bird is constructed, but the circus bugs are exposed when P.T. Flea arrives searching for them, having had a change of heart. Angered at Flik\'s deception, the ants exile him and desperately attempt to pull together enough food for a new offering to the grasshoppers, but fail to do so. When the grasshoppers discover a meager offering upon their arrival, they take control of the entire colony and begin eating the ants\' winter store of food. After overhearing Hopper\'s plan to kill the queen, Dot leaves in search of Flik and convinces him to return and save the colony with his original plan. The plan nearly works, but P.T. Flea lights the bird model on fire, causing it to crash and be exposed as a fake. Hopper has Flik beaten in retaliation, but Flik defies Hopper and inspires the entire colony to stand up to the grasshoppers and drive them out of the colony. Before Hopper can be disposed of, it begins to rain. In the chaos, Hopper kidnaps Flik and flees, but Atta gives chase and rescues Flik. As Hopper viciously pursues the couple, Flik leads him to an actual bird\'s nest. Mistaking the real bird for another fake one, Hopper attracts its attention by taunting it. Hopper is picked up by the bird, who then feeds him to her chicks. Some time later, Flik has been welcomed back to the colony, and he and Atta are now a couple. As the troupe departs with the last grasshopper, Molt, as an employee, Atta is crowned the new Queen, while Dot gets the princess\' crown. The circus troupe then departs as Flik, Atta and Dot watch and wave farewell on a tree branch.'] ['The film opens with Eagle Boy, a young man who is on a vision quest. It then cuts to the present, where a 17-year-old Lakota named Shane Chasing Horse is living on the Pine Ridge reservation. He is in trouble because he owes some money to a local gang -- money he used to buy a beautiful ring for Mae Little Wounded, a girl he likes. Meanwhile, his mother asks him to drive his grandfather, Pete Chasing Horse, a storyteller, down to the powwow. Shane is reluctant. However, when the gang comes after him, Shane changes his mind and heads out to the powwow with his grandfather, who agrees to give him his truck once they reach the powwow. Grandfather tells Shane the story of a young Lakota man who tries to win the hand of Bluebird Woman. He also tells the story of how a thunder spirit falls in love with a Mohawk woman and brings her up into the ethereal world of Sky Woman, and of how she raised their son back in her village until he was struck by one of the villagers and brought back to live with his father. Later, when a young redheaded man who is eager to learn about Native culture and hoping to be adopted by a Native American family asks to ride with them to the powwow, Shane says no. His grandfather then tells him the Kiowa story of Tehan, a white man who lived among the Kiowa and fought bravely alongside them, and Shane relents and lets the redhead ride with them. Shane’s grandfather then tells how Eagle Boy follows the advice of a shining spirit elk, and seeks out an old woman who can give him weapons with which to slay the mighty serpent Unceliga. He is repulsed when the ugly old woman embraces him, but reacts quite differently when she transforms into a beautiful younger woman. She reproaches him, but gives him what he needs. Eagle Boy slays Unceliga, whose heart instructs him and grants him great power and prophetic visions. Eventually, the gang members who are after Shane catch up with them, but accidentally drive their car off a cliff and into a lake while chasing him. Shane dives in and saves them, and his struggle is contrasted with Eagle Boy’s underwater battle with Unceliga. The gang members ride with them for a ways, until they and the redheaded hitchhiker leave them in order to travel with a group of attractive young women who are also headed to the powwow. As they travel, Shane’s grandfather tells Shane many other stories: several are about the trickster Coyote and Iktomi the spider. Another is about a young Pawnee man and his mother who are scorned by the rest of their tribe until the young man finds an unwanted dun pony who brings them good medicine. As Shane and his grandfather look up at the stars, the grandfather tells the story of the Quillwork Girl and her seven star brothers, which is about a Cheyenne girl who puts her faith in a dream and searches for seven brothers, but who must then contend with the Buffalo nation. The next story is about a young Chinook woman who sacrifices herself in order to cure her village of a terrible sickness, and the next is about a young Blackfoot hunter who cannot let go of the memory of his father. Shane and his grandfather continue their journey, losing their truck along the way and continuing on horseback and on foot. The two become closer. However, it then turns out that Shane’s grandfather has led them not to the powwow but to Shane’s father’s  trailer home. Shane is disgusted, but is persuaded to stay the night. The next morning Shane finally makes peace with his father. However, he then becomes grief-stricken when he discovers that his grandfather has died in his sleep. Shane decides to continue on to the powwow on horseback, and his father says that when Shane comes home he’ll be there too. The ending of Eagle Boy’s story is revealed: Eagle Boy decides that he wants to live like other men, and disobeys the heart by revealing it to the entire tribe . At the powwow, Shane takes on the role of a storyteller, and children gather around him.'] ['Balto\'s son Kodi works for the US Mail. Kodi loves his job and his new friends Dusty, Kirby and Ralph. Balto is intrigued by the new bush plane that has arrived in Nome. He wishes to fly, just like the plane. When the pilot Duke offers to take the place of the mail-dogs, Kodi and his friends are worried about losing their jobs. They have a resentment against the pilot. Meanwhile, Boris falls for a female goose named Stella. She asks him to fly with her, but Boris is afraid of heights. He waits until the last moment before he eventually lies to her, claiming that he\'s suffering from numerous injuries that prevent him from flying. A race is organised between the dog-sled team and the bush plane. Kodi wants his father to lead his team. Balto is not so sure, but after a little convincing from Jenna, he accepts the offer. Not long afterwards, Duke discovers Balto exploring his plane. The two become friends, for Duke knows about how Balto saved the children. The next day, the race is about to begin. Boris boasts to Balto about how he\'s lied to Stella, unaware that she\'s right behind him. She becomes very angry and manages to get him stuck in one of the mail bags, which is hoisted onto the plane. The race begins to the town of White Mountain and back. At first, the plane easily overtakes the dogs. But on the way back, the plane mysteriously disappears. The dog team wins the race, and Kodi is confident that his job is secure. But Balto still doubts it, much to his son\'s dismay. When the plane still hasn\'t arrived yet, Balto suspects that something has gone wrong. He sets out to rescue Duke, but Kodi refuses to help, saying that Duke is the enemy because he tried to take away Kodi\'s job. After Balto leaves, Jenna is surprised and angry that Kodi had not gone to help and valued his job over a human life. Kodi realises that it is his duty to help his father. On the way, Balto meets up with Stella, who says that Boris was on the plane too. Stella is angry with Boris, but she is also missing Boris and admits that she was the one who chased him into the mailbag. With the help of Stella, and Muk and Luk, Balto locates the site of the crash, but not before encountering two angry moose. Boris is quickly found, and Stella and the polar bears head for home. Balto stays behind. He finds Duke  and tries to haul him back to Nome on a sheet of metal. But on the way back, an ice bridge that Balto is crossing breaks under his feet. Balto and Duke are about to fall into a canyon, but Kodi and his friends arrive just in time to save them both. The dogs help bring Duke back to Nome and Balto is praised as a hero, once again. Stella eventually forgives Boris, and Duke builds a new plane called "Balto Flyer" which Balto flies in with Duke.'] ["{{Plot}} The narrator, Sniffer , introduces the Air Buddies, Rosebud, Buddha, Budderball, Mudbud, and B-Dawg and explains their sport talents and personalities. After that, Noah and Henry and their parents leave to go to a basketball game with Buddy and Molly. The pups refuse to be left alone and bored, grab their toys, only to be blocked by their babysitter, Mrs. Niggles and get baths instead. Afterwards, Mrs. Niggles tells them to take naps. B-Dawg decrees that no one shall tell him to take a nap, and leads the pups out to watch the babysitter. Buddha notices the babysitter is 'finding her inner peace' and as she naps, the pups play their favorite sports with their toys and Mrs. Niggles's yarn. After all the victory, Budderball climbs up the counter to claim his prize; Mrs. Niggles's blueberry pie. After throwing it onto the ground, Mrs. Niggles wakes up, but she's tied up by her yarn. Then the pups hear their parents coming home, and because everything is a mess, Mrs. Framm thinks it's time to find the Buddies new homes. Meanwhile, Selkirk Tander tries to impress Mr. Livingston's son, Bartleby Livingston by showing him a female tiger for his birthday, but Bartleby wanted an animal he can play with. He wants Air Bud  because Buddy can play sports. Mr. Livingston offers $500,000 if Selkirk can get Buddy. Selkirk then sends his nephew Grim and assistant Denning to capture Buddy. At school, Noah and Henry collect every kid's profile sheets and photos, and after looking at girls and boys who would make good owners, the family decides to call the new owners tomorrow. Grim and Denning arrive at Buddy's home, only to see Buddy and Molly at the same time, thinking there are two air buds or they are mates. The next morning, the pups decide to run away. Grim and Denning follow them, and manage to catch Budderball by luring him with a doughnut. The other Buddies go and find Budderball but they are captured as well and used as bait to catch Buddy and Molly. Buddy manages to free the Buddies but Denning traps him with a net. Molly tries to save Buddy but is captured too. The Buddies ask Sniffer for his help and where Buddy and Molly were taken to. Sniffer explains that Buddy and Molly were taken to wine country, and refuses to help because he has lost his sense of smell. In wine country, Selkirk is pleased that Denning and Grim captured both Buddy and Molly so he can have them breed puppies and sell them for money. When Grim explain that Buddy and Molly already had puppies and Denning let them get away, Selkirk tells them to lock the dogs in the wine cellar and go and capture the puppies and threatens that if they don't catch the puppies, they will be fed to the tiger. Grim and Denning go back to Buddy's home to capture the Buddies but no luck. The Buddies have sniffed their way to the outside cinema, where Grim and Denning are watching 101 Dalmatians. The Buddies find their way to the projection room and walk right in front of the projector, their shadows attracting Denning and Grim's attention. The Buddies then find a snack bar and start eating. Grim opens the projector, temporarily blinding himself. A female customer orders a box cup of popcorn, and Budderball tumbles out of the box -- her scream is heard by Denning and Grim who then slip on a wet floor. Next, the Buddies run into a motor bike gang. Still blind, Grim knocks the motor bikes over, while Denning also collides with the motorcycles, furiously calling the Buddies and the man at the movie projection booth double-crossing bottle-suckers and various other nasty names related to double-crossing. Grim and Denning knocking over the motorcycles with their clumsiness infuriates the gang, who then tie Grim and Denning in front of the cinema screen and begin throwing soda, candy, and popcorn at them. Grim and Denning catch up to the Buddies, chasing them to a farm. The Buddies meet Billy the Goat and Belinda the Pig, who help the Buddies escape from Grim and Denning. The Buddies lure Grim and Denning into a stable and escape through a small hole as Billy locks Grim and Denning in. The Buddies go through the forest then meet the Wolf who leads them to wine country. A skunk's spray enables Sniffer to smell again, so he calls Noah and Henry and they go off to find the Buddies. Buddy and Molly manage to escape to find the Buddies. Budderball falls into a hole, which Buddy and Molly dug, forcing the Buddies to help. Noah and Henry are led by Sniffer through the same farm that the Buddies went through. Noah and Henry are ecstatic and overjoyed at finding Grim and Denning being held prisoners by Billy the goat, and immediately depart to report them and turn them in to the authorities over Grim and Denning's protests. Bartleby and his father come to collect the dogs but instead finds the Buddies. Bartleby and his father then put the Buddies in a limousine, when Noah, Henry, Buddy and Molly come to rescue the Buddies. Budderball falls into one of the wine containers and gets drunk. Bartleby catches Budderball but is caught by Sniffer. Noah, Henry, and the dogs release barrels towards Selkirk and Mr. Livingston; the barrels break the wine container. Selkirk and Mr. Livingston fall in, as the container cracks open. Washing out of the container, Sheriff Bob arrives to arrest Selkirk, Denning, and Grim. The Buddies apologize to Buddy and Molly; they understand and say they're ready for their new owners. Budderball decides to stay with Bartleby because he needs a friend."] ['Po  is assigned by Master Shifu  to teach an introduction to Kung Fu class for a group of rambunctious rabbit children. Fortunately for Po, it doesn\'t take him long to bring the class to order and for the kids to calm down, and begins to emphasize to the kids that combat is not the only part of what Kung Fu is about, while its true meaning is "excellence of self." To illustrate his point, he uses the stories of the Furious Five\'s individual pasts and the basic philosophical concepts they learned that enabled them to be great Kung Fu masters.  In his youth, Mantis was a petulantly impatient warrior who was prone to jumping to conclusions and making impulsive decisions. When this habit got himself captured by crocodile bandits, the long wait he was forced to endure in his cage allowed him to find the patience to play dead long enough to ambush his captors.  Viper, the daughter of Great Master Viper, was born without venomous fangs. Her father, who relied on his venomous bite to protect the village, was despondent that she could never succeed him as a warrior, making her feel timid. One day during a festival, Great Master Viper encountered a gorilla bandit who wore armor hard enough to shatter his fangs when he tried to bite him. Seeing her father in peril, Viper found the courage to fight the bandit and defeat him with her ribbon dancing skills.  Crane was an unconfident janitor of a Kung Fu academy until the star pupil Mei Ling encouraged him to seek enrollment in the school. Even though his nerve failed him at the tryouts, Crane accidentally stumbled into the intimidating challenge that determined eligibility and suddenly found the confidence to take the challenge, with his skinny body proving to be an asset that enabled him to succeed.  Tigress was an orphan whose status as an apex predator and her destructive lack of control of her strength left her feared and isolated in the rest of the orphanage where she lived. Master Shifu came to kindly teach her the discipline she desperately needed to control her movements until she could perform delicate tasks with ease enough to allay the concerns of the orphanage and the kids that lived there. When she was again rejected for adoption by the adults who were still scared of her, Master Shifu took her in as his student and foster daughter.  Monkey was a troublemaker who tormented his village owing to him being publicly humiliated in his youth. He defied all attempts to force him to leave until Master Oogway confronted him and defeated him in a fight, deducing the cause of his anti-social behavior. Rather than making him leave the village as per the challenge, Oogway told him to stay and encouraged him to show compassion to others, as he would want in similar circumstances.  At the end, Master Shifu returns to see Po\'s anticipated lack of progress teaching and he\'s surprised that he underestimated Po\'s talents yet again, considering how much the panda\'s students have learned. But when the bunnies ask Po how his first day of Kung Fu was, all the unpleasant memories during the original film flash through his head; he then proudly says, "It was totally awesome!"'] ["12-year-old Paul would like nothing more than for the magical trolls and mermaids he reads about in his favorite story to be real. He goes searching for a real troll and finally meets one named Ofoeti, who has friends like Kalotte, a mermaid, and Socrates, a talking turtle. Soon the mermaid's home is threatened by an evil bridge builder. Paul also discovers that Ofoeti is dying and has less than a day to live. Paul must see if he has what it takes to risk everything and save his new friends."] ["New York City waitress Virginia Lewis and her father, Tony, follow a Golden Retriever named Prince through Central Park and enter a magical traveling mirror that sends them to a fairy tale world known as The Nine Kingdoms. The dog is actually a transformed Prince Wendell, grandson of the late Queen Snow White and future leader of the 4th Kingdom. However, Prince's wicked stepmother the Evil Queen has placed an imposter on the throne and plans to take over all of the Nine Kingdoms. At first, Tony and Virginia are desperate to get home, but must face many dangers. They are accompanied by Prince and a half-wolf  who has fallen in love with Virginia at first sight. The group is pursued by a relentless Huntsman who works for the Evil Queen and seeks to capture Prince. Virginia eventually meets the ghost of Snow White, who reveals she is destined to save the Nine Kingdoms. Tony also recognizes the Evil Queen as his long lost wife and Virginia’s mother. They travel to the castle to stop the Evil Queen, but Wolf seems to have betrayed Tony and Virginia. The Evil Queen has her imposter Prince Wendell crowned king and then tries to poison all the monarchs who attend the ceremony. Luckily, Wolf switches the poison for a sleeping potion and everyone escapes unharmed. Virginia must kill the Evil Queen in self-defense, which pains her greatly. The real Prince Wendell turns back into a human and takes the throne. Grateful to Tony for all his help, Prince Wendell offers him a job at the palace and Tony accepts. Virginia returns Wolf’s love and they travel to New York City as a couple and expectant parents."] ["Taking place after the series, the story opens in Bellwood as a mysterious figure appears and immediately starts destroying things. Ben Tennyson ([[Graham Phillips , in the form of Heatblast (voiced by [[David Franklin , confronts him. After a short battle, Ben seemingly obliterates the villain. The next day, Ben goes back to school, and has trouble adjusting to normal life again. After a bad day he gets bullied by Cash  and JT  and two girls he tried to flirt with earlier in the movie resulting in Greymatter  causing complete chaos at a diner where Ms. Dalton  works. Later he and Gwen Tennyson  go over and reveals the same villain Ben defeated earlier. Max Tennyson  identifies him as Eon , an alien the Plumbers captured almost two centuries ago. When he arrived, he was half dead and brought a device with him called the Hands of Armageddon, which would open a time rift to the alien's home dimension and unleash his race upon Earth if activated. They travel to the containment facility where Eon is supposed to be kept in suspended animation, only to find it empty and his guardian aged to near-death. Traveling back to Bellwood, Max takes Ben and Gwen to the location of the Hands of Armageddon, guarded by the few remaining Plumbers ranging from Ms. Dalton, Mr. Hawkins the Postman , Fire Chief Whittington , Principal White , Mrs. Carlay the Plant Caregiver, Mr. Jenyx the Telephone Company Worker, and Mr. Enguells the Sanitation Worker. Eon has followed them and breaks into the facility, but cannot activate the device. When Ben attempts to use the Omnitrix, it malfunctions, glowing purple and refusing to activate. Eon attempts to kidnap Ben, claiming it to be a rescue, but Ben escapes. Eon manages to corner Ben, explaining that his race learned to control time itself, but trapped themselves by misusing their power. He claims that his fate is intertwined with Ben's. Eon is scared off by an old man  who happens to be another Plumber before he can elaborate. Grandpa Max decides it would be best for Ben to leave Bellwood so that Eon won't find him, but Ben bravely refuses and they both come to a deal where Ben will be monitored daily by a Plumber in disguise. The Plumbers, all around town, guard Ben around the clock. When Ben goes to the school gym to be alone, Principal White attempts to calm Ben's fears just when Eon arrives again and shoves White out of the way. This time, Ben is able to become Diamondhead  and fight him off. Later on that day, Ben decides to lure Eon into a trap by purposefully leaving himself open, but this backfires and he is captured along with Gwen and Max after the Rustbucket is destroyed. At the Plumber facility storing the Hands of Armageddon, Eon explains some of the background of the Omnitrix: Ben can only remain in his alien forms for ten minutes at a time, a failsafe to prevent them from overwhelming his personality. Eon knows how to deactivate the failsafe, and in doing so can resurrect himself through the Omnitrix. He does so, and Ben is transformed into a younger version of Eon. The older one retreats since there are now two of him. Reborn, Eon activates the Hands of Armageddon. Meanwhile, Principal White has gotten out of the nurse's office and finds the imprisoned Plumbers. When trying to find the key to that room, they point to the button near the door which freed them all. Gwen and Max manage to free themselves and work to stop him. While Max tries to disable the time rift, potentially at the cost of his own life, Gwen appeals to Ben inside Eon. Ben successfully overcomes Eon, and with the help of the other Plumbers manages to save Max and disable the time rift, sending Eon's race back to their own dimension. Just when it seems like they've won, time stops for everyone but Ben. The older Eon reappears, angered at Ben's victory. Ben transforms into Wildmutt  and fights him off, eventually knocking him into the Hands of Armageddon, destroying both the Hands and Eon. After doing an impromptu magic trick for the school talent show, using Wildmutt's timely de-transformation and a well placed stage curtain, Ben finally accepts being just Ben for a while. However, Max points out that aliens are persistent, and as the film ends, an alien ship flies towards Earth."] ["Hank  and his wife Madeleine  live contentedly with their wild animals: four tiger cubs, two elephants and 110 tigers, lions, leopards and cheetahs. All is peace and tranquility until one terrible day when two mercenary game hunters are viciously mauled. As the lions and tigers fight for supremacy, Hank and his family, terrified of the danger they now face, seek refuge in their ranch house. Their only means of escape is blocked by the now savage pets they once loved. At the end they all live peacefully. Hank's intention is that only humans can live with the wild animals without interrupting the laws of nature."] ['In May 1944, 5 years since the declaration of World War II, three Royal Homing Pigeon Service war pigeons are flying across the English Channel with the White Cliffs of Dover in sight, carrying vital messages to Great Britain. Despite the poor weather conditions the pigeons have nearly reached their destination. They are, however, suddenly ambushed and attacked by a German enemy falcon called General Von Talon; two of the pigeons are instantly killed, yet the third, Mercury is taken as a prisoner of war. Elsewhere a small wood pigeon named Valiant is watching an Allied forces propaganda film in his local bar  in West Nestington. Wing Commander Gutsy, a war hero flies into the bar, informing everyone that signups are scheduled the next day in Trafalgar Square, London. In General Von Talon\'s lair, Mercury resists interrogation by his captors. Valiant flies off to London, bidding his mother and Felix, the local barman, goodbye. In London, Valiant meets a filthy pigeon named Bugsy, who is wanted by two thugs. In order to escape the wrath of the thugs, he signs up with Valiant. The recruits, Valiant, Bugsy, Lofty, an intellectual red pigeon, and Toughwood and Tailfeather, two strong but dim-witted twin brothers, form Royal Homing Pigeon Service Squad F, and are sent to a recruit training facility. Under the command of Sergeant Monty, who declares that he will toughen them up for the RHPS, the training begins. Meanwhile, Von Talon and his henchmen, Cufflingk and Underlingk, try numerous attempts to discover the message\'s departure location. However Mercury refuses to tell, despite the tortures inflicted upon him, such as irritating him with yodelling music and injecting him with truth serum, before Mercury accidentally reveals the location: Saint-Pierre. Throughout the training, Valiant develops a crush on Victoria, the camp\'s nursing dove. Eventually, Gutsy arrives and tells the Sergeant that the recruits need to leave the next morning, despite their training being vastly incomplete. Bugsy, however, decides not to go on the "highly dangerous" mission and flees the camp that night. The next morning, Valiant and the others prepare to leave and start to board the plane headed for France, but not before Bugsy shows up at the last second. The journey becomes extremely perilous, as the plane is caught in the midst of dogfight. Their plane sustains heavy damage and the pigeons soon have to bail out, in boxes equipped with parachutes. The pigeons are dropped from the plane; however a technical malfunction causes Gutsy\'s box to fail to deploy. The plane goes down in an inferno of flames, presumably killing Gutsy in the resulting explosion. In France, the pigeons meet Charles de Girl and Rollo, two mice from the French Resistance, Mouse Division, the latter being an expert saboteur who lead them to Saint-Pierre, where they receive the message they have been ordered to deliver. They soon come under attack by Von Talon\'s henchmen, resulting in Bugsy and the message being captured. Von Talon takes the message from Bugsy and decides to cage him up and eat him later. Valiant and the troops follow Bugsy to the falcon\'s bunker, where they discover that Gutsy has survived the plane crash. Valiant takes advantage of his small size and sneaks into the bunker through the gun barrel, retrieves the message, and frees Bugsy and Mercury. Unfortunately, the falcons are alert and give chase. As Gutsy and the others fend off Von Talon\'s henchmen, Valiant flies to London to deliver the message, followed closely by Von Talon. After a climactic chase by the falcon, Valiant hides in the cottage where he lives, where he is attacked by Von Talon again. With the help of his mother and Felix, Valiant finally defeats the villain by getting a giant hook caught on his medals, leaving him to be beaten senseless by the water wheel. Valiant delivers the message, and upon receiving it, a change of plans is made: They land in Normandy. After receiving the Dickin Medal, Squad F returns to the local bar in West Nestington, where Valiant reunites and shares a kiss with Victoria.'] [' Like the previous film, Cars 2 takes place in the world populated by anthropomorphic vehicles. British spy Finn McMissile infiltrates the world\'s largest untapped oil reserves, owned by a group of "lemon" cars. After being discovered, he is forced to flee and fake his death. Four-time Piston Cup champion race car Lightning McQueen returns home to Radiator Springs and reunites with his best friend Mater and girlfriend Sally Carrera. Doc Hudson is revealed to have died by an indication with Mater and Lightning. Former oil tycoon Miles Axlerod, now a green power advocate, announces a racing series called the "World Grand Prix" to promote Allinol biofuel. When Italian formula race car Francesco Bernoulli challenges McQueen, McQueen and Mater along with Luigi, Guido, Fillmore, and Sarge depart to Tokyo, Japan for the World Grand Prix. Meanwhile, the lemons, led by Professor Zündapp and Master mind , secretly plot to secure their oil profits by using a weapon disguised as a television camera to ignite the Allinol fuel. McMissile and partner Holley Shiftwell attempt to rendezvous with American spy car Rod "Torque" Redline at a World Grand Prix promotional event in Tokyo to receive information about the mastermind; however, Redline is beaten by Zündapp\'s henchmen and passes his information to Mater before he is captured. Holley and Finn mistake Mater as their American contact. In capture, Zündapp reveals to Torque that Allinol has one fatal flaw: it can ignite if impacted by a high electromagnetic pulse and uses both to kill him with it but not before they realize that he passed it on to Mater. During the first race, Finn and Holley help Mater evade Zündapp\'s henchmen; in the process, Mater inadvertently gives McQueen negative advice which causes him to lose the race close to Bernouilli. Meanwhile, Zündapp uses the weapon on several race cars. After McQueen falls out with Mater, who sadly claims that he is leaving, Finn, who still believes Mater is an American spy, drafts him into foiling Zündapp\'s plot. Finn and Mater escape Zündapp\'s henchmen and climb aboard Siddeley. Finn and Holley remove the tracking device on Mater and discover in it a picture of a mysterious British engine, as Mater can successfully tell by the engine and the rare parts in the picture. Finn, Holley, and Mater fly to Paris, France, they go into a black-market and encounter an old friend to Finn\'s, Tomber. Finn and Holley show the mysterious engine to Tomber, he recognizes the engine and tells them that the car with the engine was his best costumer . Mater explains that what he knows about what kinds of Lemons the evil Lemons are, and discover that every evil Lemon involved with the evil plot is one of "history\'s biggest loser cars" and taking orders behind the cars with the mysterious engine. Tomber tells Finn, Holley and Mater that the lemons never get together, and were going to have a secret meeting in Porta Cousa, Italy . Finn, Holley, and Mater then head to Porta Coursa, Italy. In Italy, the site of the second race, Mater infiltrates the criminals\' meeting and discovers Zündapp\'s plan. Zündapp\'s henchmen, meanwhile, use their weapon on several more cars during the race, eventually causing a multi-car crash on the Casino Bridge. With the Allinol fuel under suspicion, Axlerod suspends its use for the final race in England; however, McQueen decides to continue using it. The criminals decide to kill McQueen in the next race; upon hearing this, Mater is exposed and is captured along with McMissile and Shiftwell, and tied up inside Big Bentley\'s bell tower in London, England. Mater realizes how foolishly he has been acting. The criminals use the weapon on McQueen during the race, but nothing happens. Mater flees to warn his friends of a bomb planted in McQueen\'s pit stop, but McMissile and Shiftwell find that the bomb was planted on Mater. They warn Mater about the bomb before Mater flees to protect his friends. However, he is pursued by McQueen in an attempt to reconcile, unaware of the real danger until they are out of range of Zündapp\'s remote detonator. He sends his henchmen to kill McQueen and Mater, but they are foiled by the combined efforts of McMissile, Shiftwell, and the Radiator Springs residents who arrest them. Upon his capture, Zündapp reveals that only the person who installed the bomb can deactivate it and Mater realizes that Axlerod is the mastermind behind the plot. Mater confronts and forces Axlerod in front of police cars to deactivate the bomb in a final confrontation, by trapping him next to him while being strapped to the bomb. Axlerod finally deactivates the bomb, and he, Zündapp and the lemons are arrested by the police for their crimes. As a reward for his heroism, Mater receives an honorary knighthood from the Queen and returns home with his friends, where the cars from the Grand Prix take part in the unofficial Radiator Springs Grand Prix. Fillmore reveals that before the last race, Sarge replaced McQueen\'s Allinol with Fillmore\'s organic fuel, which prevented McQueen from being affected by the weapon. McMissile and Shiftwell invite Mater to join them in another spy mission, but he graciously turns it down but asks Shiftwell for a date when she returns which she accepts. He gets to keep the rockets they gave him earlier, which he uses in the Radiator Springs race. In the credits, Mater and McQueen are seen in various locations, including London, Paris, Switzerland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Russia, Egypt, India, China, Australia, Hawaii, and Emeryville, CA, where the Pixar studio is shown.'] ['The North Siblings, Benjamin, Crista and Marco, must rescue their missing Uncle Rudy, who has gone to the Himalayas in search of the mythical Yeti. The first decision that the player has to make is when their Fokker F27 has a fuel leak and they either have to parachute or stay. Producer Jeff Norton explains that they aspired to create alternate story paths  with different character and story developments and yet still obey the rules of their fictional world.<ref namehttp://www.dove.org/news.asp?ArticleID"Choose Your Own Adventure" DVD Is Brainchild of Jeff Norton and Michelle Crames |accessdateCarpenter |firstThe Dove Foundation }}'] ['Chance, an American Bulldog (played by [[Rattler  and narrator of the film, opens the film by explaining that he is the pet of Jamie Burnford , but expresses no interest in his owner or having a "home". He shares his home with Shadow, (played by [[Ben , an older Golden Retriever owned by Jamie\'s brother Peter Burnford , and Sassy, a Himalayan cat (played by [[Tiki , owned by their sister Hope . Bob Seaver  is marrying Laura Burnford , joining the family. Shortly after the wedding, the family goes on a trip to San Francisco, leaving the pets at a ranch belonging to Kate , a family friend. Kate later goes on a cattle drive, leaving the animals at the ranch to be looked after by one of her ranch hands. However, the animals think they have been abandoned, and Shadow begins to worry about Peter, so he decides to go find them. Sassy and a reluctant Chance follow. They head into the rocky, mountainous wilderness, with Shadow leading by instinct. After a night spent in fear of the woodland noise, the group stops to catch breakfast at a river. Two black bears steal Chance\'s fish, and when Chance barks at them in protest, they suddenly leave the fish and climb a tree. Chance cockily assumes that he has scared them off, but then a huge brown bear appears, causing the group to quickly flee, also. At another river, Sassy refuses to swim across to follow the dogs, running along the river until she reaches a path of wood that seems to cross its breadth. Halfway across, it breaks apart and she falls in. Shadow jumps in to try to save her, but she goes over a waterfall. Shadow and Chance search for her along the bank, but as night falls, they mourn their loss and continue without her. A half-drowned Sassy is rescued from the river by a man who lives in the woods, who nurses her back to health. Without Sassy, the dogs struggle to catch fish from the river. A mountain lion begins stalking them. Chance spots the mountain lion while he is fishing. He tells Shadow, but Shadow does not believe him until he sees it himself. The mountain lion follows them to the edge of a cliff. Chance, in a "just in case I don\'t make it, this is where my treasures are" statement, tells Shadow where he has buried everything at home. When Chance mentions that the remote control is buried under the seesaw, Shadow sees a balanced rock shaped like a seesaw, which gives him an idea. Shadow comes up with a plan to defeat the mountain lion. While Shadow acts as the bait, Chance waits until the mountain lion steps onto the end of the rock that\'s touching the ground, and jumps on the other end, sending the mountain lion flying over the cliff and into a river. The Mountain Lion retreats, filled with humiliation and irritation at its defeat. Sassy hears them barking in celebration and follows the sound to rejoin them. The animals continue on their way, but Chance tries to befriend a porcupine, ending up with a load of quills from its tail in his muzzle. His friends are unable to pull them out, and as they journey on, they find a little girl named Molly, who is lost in the woods. Too loyal to ignore her, they stand guard over her during the night and keep her warm. In the morning, Shadow finds a rescue party, which includes Molly\'s parents, and leads them back to her. The forest rangers with the party recognize the animals from a "missing pets" flyer they received and take them to the local animal shelter, which is dubbed by Chance as \'The Pound\'. Because Chance has had previous experiences with being in a dog pound and a subject that Shadow never believed was an actual place, he panics and warns the others to run. Sassy gets away while he and Shadow are taken inside. As the medical staff remove the quills from Chance\'s muzzle, Sassy sneaks in and frees Shadow. Together they retrieve Chance, now quill-free, and escape the shelter, without realizing that their owners were on their way to get them. The group is crossing through a train yard when Shadow falls through some old boards into a muddy pit, injuring his leg. With Sassy and Chance persuading him, he tries to climb out but is unable to climb up the slippery slope. Laying down, he says he is too old and that they should go on without him. Chance jumps into the pit to try to get him going, but Shadow refuses to move. Near dusk, the family is out in the backyard playing basketball, when Jamie claims to hear Chance barking. The others think he is imagining things, but moments later Chance comes running over a hill, happily tackling "his boy." Sassy follows to be reunited with Hope, while Peter sadly presumes Shadow was too old to make it. Moments later, Shadow limps over the hill and is reunited with Peter. As everyone watches, Chance narrates how it was Shadow\'s belief that brought them home and that Shadow was like a puppy again after being reunited with his best friend. While everyone goes inside, Chance stays behind for a moment, ending his narration by saying he had a family and for the first time in his life, he was really home and then happily runs into the house.'] ['Twin girls Sarah and Julie are two naughty but sweet children that drive their work-obsessed widowed mother, Rhonda, up the wall. They overhear her saying that they are a "handful" and she needs a "vacation". They decide to go give Rhonda what she wants and head off to their great grandmother\'s house for Christmas. The girls pack up their bags and hop on their bicycles. But there\'s a problem; they aren\'t allowed to cross the street on their own. That\'s when the city bus pulls up and they sneak on through the back door. While riding the bus, an elderly lady tells them that it only goes Downtown, Uptown, and back. They also discover that Edgemont  is actually hours away. After getting off the bus Downtown, they spot Eddie  and his truck. They sneak into its back and only reveal themselves to him because Sarah desperately has to go to the bathroom. He doesn\'t like kids, but eventually starts to enjoy the girls\' company after he figures out that he gets large tips when they deliver packages with him. He evens buys them ice cream, as well as a lottery ticket with the numbers of their birth date . After the day\'s deliveries are finished, he brings them home, only to be attacked by two robbers who steal his truck . When the robbers, Harvey and Shirley, discover them, they decide they can make some money by kidnapping them for ransom. Shirley makes a phone call to Rhonda, asking for $10,000 in cash. She tells her that they will make the trade at the ice rink in Edgemont, and that she is to wear a red hat. Meanwhile, Harvey has begun to like the girls and when he asks Shirley why they never had kids, she replies that it\'s because they are criminals. Sarah and Julie eventually get to their great-grandmother\'s house, and then Eddie and Rhonda  get together after he saves the girls. He wins the lotto of 1.3 million on a TV show. Afterwards, they give all the people their parcels back. At the end everybody is happy spending Christmas together.'] ['In 1946, Lady Mary Craven  visits an American orphanage, telling the children about an exchange program that will allow one child to travel to England and stay at Misselthwaite Manor, which is now an orphanage. She meets young Lizzie Buscana , who is in the garden trying to take care of her mother\'s rose bush. Lady Mary tells Lizzie about the exchange program and the secret garden, whereupon Lizzie agrees to participate so she can see the garden for herself. Lizzie arrives in England and is met at the train station by Martha Sowerby , who runs Misselthwaite Manor. Lizzie quickly discovers that the children are only allowed to be in the garden on Sunday after church and must be on their best behaviour and not touch anything. Making friends with Geraldine, Steven and Robert , Lizzie visits the garden after curfew and realizes that she must help it. Returning to the manor Lizzie notices a fire in Robert\'s room, caused by Robert having fallen asleep with a candle still lit. After alerting everyone and helping put out the fire, she is questioned by Martha as to why she is still dressed and how she knew there was a fire. Lizzie tells Martha about her illicit visit to the garden, and Martha discovers that Lizzie stole the key to the garden. Martha discovers that Geraldine told Lizzie about the key, but Geraldine believes the key should belong to Lizzie, and that the garden has chosen her, instead of Martha, who could not find the door. Geraldine , who is jealous of Lizzie, learns that Ms. Sowerby gave the key to Lizzie, and persuades Steven to steal it in revenge for Lizzie\'s rejection of his feelings. When Lizzie finds the key missing, she assumes that Robert has taken it, knowing of his animosity towards her. She goes to find the key with Robert and discovers that it was Steven  who took it, on Geraldine\'s instructions, and threw the key in the pond. Lizzie confronts Geraldine, who initially denies it, but confesses when Martha punishes her for being a liar. Lizzie is told that maybe she does not need the key, because of the magic door. When Martha goes to meet Lady Mary, who has returned to Misselthwaite, she tells Mary of the garden\'s untended state, even though it has been well-tended in her absence. Lizzie realises that the garden has been starved of children\'s love and fun; with the help of Robert she gathers the orphans, who run to the quickly-reviving garden. Lady Mary and Sir Colin  arrive with Martha and are amazed, as the garden does not look dead as Martha had described. Lizzie tells Lady Mary that the garden needed love and that she should not have it closed. Lady Mary informs Lizzie that the garden belongs to her, and that it took "a girl from across the sea, many years ago" to bring the garden back to life, and that it has taken a girl from across the sea to do it again, and that it is up to her to do as she wishes with the garden. Lizzie announces that the garden will stay open so that all the children can enjoy it.'] ['Strawberry Shortcake is dreaming of a world filled with berry plants that she and her friends can share. But when the Peculiar Pie Man comes to Strawberry Land, her dreams and friendships begin dying, leading to a crop whose stock has been devoured by "Berry Birds".<ref name26681 Review of Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie] by Mike Long . DVD Talk. Retrieved March 2, 2007. After arranging a sleepover with her friends, Strawberry and the rest travel to the Land of Dreams on a Dreamboat that Ginger Snap has built, in order to stop the Pie Man from taking over their residence.Plot summary for Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie at the Internet Movie Database.Rose Theater: Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie - Story Synopsis.'] ["The story focuses on Aman Sharma a.k.a. Banku , who has recently shifted into an old bungalow in Goa, with his parents, Aditya  and Anjali . His father Aditya is an engineer on a cruise line, and therefore moves with his cruise. They are made aware that the bungalow is haunted, but they disregard this. Banku is enrolled in St. Francis High School, and Anjali hires a kindhearted and comedic drunken thief, Anthony , as a servant to clean the house. Soon one night Banku goes down to the living room to have some ice-cream when he sees a shadow on the wall. Frightened, he calls out to his mom and then sees that the bowl in which he was having ice-cream has vanished. Later he goes down again past a sleeping Anjali to investigate. It is then that he sees the ghost of Kailash Nath  and then they start arguing on whether Mr. Nath is a ghost or an angel. Banku nicknames him Bhootnath as Mr. Nath says that he is a bhoot and also says that he is Nath. Since the ghost of Kailash Nath does not want anybody to occupy his house, he tries different ways to scare Banku and his mother, but Banku considers him as angel and treats him like a friend. Soon, Mr. Nath is overpowered by Banku's innocent love, especially after a minor incident of Banku's fall from the stairs for which Mr. Nath is in fact responsible. The two become friends and thoroughly enjoy the company of one another. It is at this point that Mr. Nath's son returns from the US and plans to sell off this bungalow. Angered, Mr. Nath scares the buyers but Anjali comes to know the existence of him. He then tells his story to Banku and Anjali how his son deserted him at the time of need and left for the US. Later, Aditya and Anjali decide to perform the final rites of Mr. Nath to give him Moksha. It is performed by Banku and Mr.Nath bids an emotional farewell to Banku. By this time, Mr.Nath's son also comes to know his fault and apologizes. In the end, Banku is sad that Bhoothnath is no more. However, bhoothnath returns and says that he is always there for him."] ['The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever , Sassy the Himalayan cat , and Chance the American Bulldog  decide to take a family trip to Canada. At the San Francisco International Airport, the animals escape after Chance panics and breaks free from his carrier. After eluding airport authorities, the animals find themselves in the city of San Francisco, with home on the other side of the Golden Gate Bridge. During the journey Chance bumps into a Boxer called Ashcan and his Bulldog friend Pete. Annoyed he refuses to let them past but Shadow tries to tell them they are just trying to get home. They don\'t listen and say they are going to eat Sassy. She hides on a window sill and Shadow and Ashcan fight. After a few seconds Sassy yells to Shadow that they have reinforcements, but it turns out to be, as Pete calls them, "Riley\'s gang". They help them and say that the city is no place for pets. Shadow explains they are lost and Riley points out that Chance is missing, He ran off as the gang arrived. Riley calls his friend Delilah, a Kuvasz, to run after him. She finds him in a light alley and explains why she was chasing him. As the other members of the gang are walking down the street they see, what they call, the "Blood red van" and hide. Shadow asks what it is for and Riley explains it takes dogs of the streets to a place called the lab. After it passes, Shadow asks Riley if he can help him and Sassy find a golden bridge, which he remembers passing on the way there. Riley explains that he can\'t because a bridge means cars and cars means humans and he doesn\'t trust humans. So they thank him for his help and head off to look for the bridge themselves. Meanwhile Delilah and Chance are walking in the park. He explains why they are in the city and when he asks her why Riley doesn\'t like humans she explains that he was abandoned as a puppy and decided to make a home for other stray dogs to protect them from all humans. Chance realizes he\'s fallen in love with Delilah and they head out of the park. Later while walking down a street Pete and Ashcan notice Shadow and Sassy walking down it too. They plan to jump at them but miss their chance. Round the corner Shadow sees a house on fire and remembers it holds that little boy named Tucker and his cat. Realizing they are still in there he runs in through the basement window and looks for them. Sassy goes in after him and looks for the kitten. Shadow comes out a few moments later with Tucker right behind him, then Sassy appears with the kitten. Tucker thanks them and they continue on. As they cross the street Riley and his gang tell them that they did a great job rescuing the boy and kitten and say they can stay with him until they find Chance. As they return to the gang\'s hideout they notice Delilah and Chance are already there. Riley tries to explain that they are different but they won\'t listen and head outside. The next day, Chance notices a tire and begins to chew on it but doesn\'t notice the "Blood red van" driving through the gates. While all the other dogs are inside Chance gets captured and driven to the lab. While there the van is stopped by the gang, Chance and the other dogs are set free, and it reverses into the river for good. Delilah then explains to Chance that Riley is right and they cannot be together. He gets upset and runs off. By now, Riley has told Shadow if humans mean that much to him he\'ll take them to the bridge. On their way home before crossing the bridge they are ambushed by Ashcan and Pete but Chance appears and fights them off. They cross the bridge and are found by their owners on a road and return home but Chance is still upset about Delilah but then he sees her appear from around the corner and they are reunited. Bob agrees she can stay, much to Chance\'s glee, and they continue with their picnic.'] ["{{plot}} Fred's pen-pal Alejo Otero, who lives in Veracruz, Mexico, invites Fred and the rest of the gang to visit him and his family there. Fred and the rest of the gang talk about it until they decide to go. However, after Alejo sent the invitation to Fred, a monster started to terrorize the population of Veracruz. Both Alejo and his son see the monster, and the locals start calling it la chupacabra. Later, when Mystery, Inc. arrives in Veracruz, they meet Alejo who recognizes them all from Fred's letters. Alejo runs a huge and fancy hotel, and he shows them around and where they will be staying. He then shows them his family which include his wife Sofia, his mother Doña Dolores, his brother Luis, and Luis's fiancée, Charlene. Luis tells the gang he met Charlene when he visited America, at a theme park run by Mr. Smiley. The gang and the family enjoy a meal, and Dolores talks about her late husband. Then, a man named Señor Fuente arrives and asks to speak with Alejo and Luis. Dolores tells the gang that Fuente has been trying to get her to sell the hotel to him ever since her husband died. Meanwhile, Alejo and Luis tell Fuente once again that they do not want to sell the hotel. Fuente leaves, and the family go inside because of a fierce storm. When inside, Alejo is forced to tell the gang about the monster. He says that he does not have many other guests besides the gang because El Chupacabra has been scaring them away. Luis and Charlene tell the gang to lock their doors when they go to sleep. During the night, Shaggy and Scooby-Doo are scared when they think they hear a noise. They then hear a loud growl and run screaming out of their cottage. They wake up Fred, Velma, and Daphne. After seeing footprints outside of Shaggy and Scooby's window, Fred declares that there is a mystery they have to solve. The next day, the gang, Alejo, and Luis set out to search for the monster. Charlene gives Luis a charm for good luck. Daphne interviews the townspeople, but none of them are able to find El Chupacabra. When they get back to the van, they find someone has written on it, threatening them to either go away or not see tomorrow. The gang realizes this is serious and decide to search at night. Fred, Velma, and Daphne go one way, Alejo and Luis go another way, and Shaggy and Scooby stay at the van. At night, Shaggy and Scooby sleep in the van, while someone takes away their brake fluid. Fred, Velma, and Daphne search the woods, and find El Curandero, a medicine man. El Curandero tells them they need to look at history and that they are in grave danger. Meanwhile, Alejo and Luis are searching when Alejo sees El Chupacabra. Alejo is chased and nearly falls off a cliff, but he manages to hold on. He calls for Luis, but there is no answer. The monster disappears, and Luis shows up, saying he was hit on the head by the monster. Luis helps his brother up from the cliff. Shaggy and Scooby start driving, but when they realize they cannot stop, they get scared. They meet up with Fred, Velma, Daphne, Alejo, and Luis who were being chased by El Chupacabra. Eventually, the van runs out of gas and stops right in front of a gas station. The van gets fixed, and Alejo gets some ice for Luis's head wound, but Luis does not have a bump on his head. Luis says he is fine. The gang drives along and finds a sign to a history museum, and thinking that is what the medicine man said, go to it. When they get there they meet a suspicious and hyper museum guide who leads them into an auditorium. There they see a performance about Mexican customs. The guide then makes Daphne volunteer, and she kidnaps her, vanishing with a puff of smoke. The rest of the gang find a secret passageway and follow it, until they come to Aztec pyramids. They find Daphne at the top of one and rescue her, but the tourists chase after them, thinking they have stolen something. After a long chase scene, they finally return home. The next day is the Day of the Dead, and all go to the cemetery, where they find from Dolores that Charlene has been captured by El Chupacabra. The family gives offerings to the grave of Señor Otero and hope Charlene can be found. Suddenly, the ghost of Señor Otero comes out of his grave and tells them to sell the hotel and the land or they will be in danger. At same time, Fred just revealed the good luck charm Luis has is really a tracking device instead of ancient medallion. The family cannot believe that Señor Otero would want them to sell, but Scooby realizes something is suspicious. He follows a beeping noise that is actives by pushing the button from the tracking device until he finds a man in a skeleton suit controlling the ghost. The gang catches him, and he is revealed to be Mr. Smiley. Then, El Chupacabra appears and scares everyone. After chasing the gang, the monster is caught up in some wiring. The gang pulls off the mask, and it is revealed the museum guide they saw earlier is the monster. She tells them she loves Mr. Smiley and that they were going to get all the land. Luis asks what happened to Charlene, and the guide tells him he will never see her again and he should forget about her. Velma then guesses something is up and realizes the face the guide has is a mask, and pulls it off to reveal that Charlene was the guide and El Chupacabra. Fred says that the message written on the van  was not in proper Spanish, so it had to be someone who did not speak Spanish. Señor Fuente says that he did want the land, but he respects that the family does not want to sell. However, Mr. Smiley refused to accept this and decided to ruin the business by scaring away all their customers with his wife dressed as El Chupacabra. Fuente also says when he learned of Mr. Smiley and Charlene's sceme, he wanted to warn the Oteros and gang of what's going on. Charlene and Mr. Smiley are taken to jail, and Luis admits that he did not go to Alejo's rescue because he was paralysed with fear. Alejo comforts him, telling him there are worse things than being a coward,  and everyone enjoys the Day of the Dead."] ['After the graduation had been disrupted by Louis and Beans and Ren dumping her clueless boyfriend, the Stevens family and Beans are tricked into going on a "vacation" which turns out to be the set of a new reality tv show called "Family Fake Out", which all of their hometown friends and other locals are watching back in Sacramento. It is set on the fictional island of Mandelino, which, however exotic the producers make it up to be, is really only a short distance off the California coast. When they first arrive on the island via Beaver floatplane, Louis is tricked into destroying the house they were meant to live in, thus making the island\'s "natives"  shun them and forcing the Stevens to live on their own. The family eventually separates into two groups pitted against each other. Both groups encounter various situations, such as facing starvation, encountering a "killer squirrel," and so on. Ren, during all this chaos, seeks solace with one of the "natives," Mootai, and they start to fall in love with each other; although the "native" is really an actor named Jason who is supposed to fall in love with her in order to boost ratings for the show, Jason realizes that he truly loves Ren. Eventually, Louis\' friends Twitty and Tawny make their way to the island, to rescue the Stevens and  to make up for betraying them, as he was the one who sold the family out to the show. Twitty is caught by the Family Fake-Out staff though he manages to escape and shuts down the equipment monitoring the Stevens\' groups. Meanwhile, Donnie  finds Tawny , and the newly-reconstituted family finally comes together and learns the truth. They unite with Twitty to stop Ren from killing Louis, because she believes he sold her and her new boyfriend out after being told by one of the island\'s "natives". Ren corners him on a cliff, and despite the protests of the family and Miles McDermot, the show\'s host who tells her the truth and the person who earlier set the family up, she pushes him off to his apparent death, much to the viewers\' and Miles\' shock. As Miles breaks down in guilt, a Bell 206 helicopter from another reality show called "Gotcha"  appears and reveals that Louis is safe and that the Stevens family had tricked Miles - Louis had caught a ladder that was attached to the helicopter, the family had secretly worked with "Gotcha" earlier on, and they played along with "Family Fake Out" just for drama. Later the family returns home and Ren, following Louis\' advice, starts dating the actor who played the part of the boy she\'d liked on the island. The film concludes with a voiceover by Beans explaining what happened to everyone afterwards,  as he pops up at the Stevens\' dinner to disrupt it yet again.'] ["Graham Merrill  passes a pet shop on his daily walks about London and takes an interest in an otter  in the window, eventually buying and naming the animal Mij. The otter wreaks havoc in his small apartment and together they leave London for a rustic cottage overlooking the sea on the west coast of Scotland. There they live as beachcombers and make the acquaintance of Dr. Mary  from the nearby village, and her dog Johnnie. Mij and Johnnie play in the water and bound across the fields together. Mij's inquisitive and adventurous nature leads him some distance from the cottage to a female otter with whom he spends the day. Ignorant of danger, he is caught in a net and nearly killed. The humans find him and help him recover. Graham spends lots of time drawing Mij but realises that to show the true agility of the otter he must draw it underwater. He builds a large tank out of old windows so that he can do this. Not long after, Merrill goes to London to look after some affairs and leaves Mary in charge of Mij. While being exercised afield, Mij is killed by a ditchdigger, who didn't realize he was a pet. Merrill returns and is crushed to discover the death of his beloved otter. Some time later, Merrill and Dr. Mary are surprised by a trio of otter youngsters, accompanied by their mother otter, approaching the cottage. He happily realizes they are Mij's female mate, and their children who have come to play in their father's swimming pool."] ['After a young red fox is orphaned, Big Mama the owl, Boomer the woodpecker, and Dinky the finch arrange for him to be adopted by Widow Tweed. Tweed names him Tod, since he reminds her of a toddler. Meanwhile, Tweed\'s neighbor, Amos Slade, brings home a young hound puppy named Copper and introduces him to his hunting dog Chief. Tod and Copper become playmates, and vow to remain "friends forever". Slade grows frustrated at Copper for constantly wandering off to play, and places him on a leash. While playing with Copper at his home, Tod awakens Chief. Slade and Chief chase him until they are stopped by Tweed. After an argument, Slade says that he will kill Tod if he enters his farm again. Hunting season comes and Slade takes his dogs into the wilderness for the interim. Meanwhile, Big Mama explains to Tod that his friendship with Copper cannot continue, as they are natural enemies, but Tod refuses to believe her. Months pass, and Tod and Copper reach adulthood. On the night of Copper\'s return, Tod sneaks over to meet him. Copper explains that while he still values Tod as a friend, he is a hunting dog now and things are different. Chief awakens and alerts Slade, a chase ensues and Copper catches Tod. Copper lets Tod go then diverts Chief and Slade. Chief maintains his pursuit onto a railroad track where he is struck by a train and wounded. Copper and Slade blame Tod for the accident and swear vengeance. Tweed realizes that her pet is no longer safe with her and leaves him at a game preserve. Big Mama introduces him to a female fox named Vixey, then Slade and Copper trespass into the preserve and hunt the two foxes. The chase climaxes when Slade and Copper inadvertently provoke an attack from a bear. Slade trips and gets caught in his own trap, dropping his gun just out of reach. Copper fights the bear but is no match for it. Tod battles the bear until they both fall down a waterfall. Copper approaches Tod as he lies in the lake below when Slade appears, ready to fire at the fox. Copper interposes his body in front of Tod, and refuses to move away. Slade lowers his gun and leaves with Copper, but not before the two former adversaries share one last smile before parting. At home, Tweed nurses Slade back to health while the dogs rest. Copper, before resting, smiles as he remembers the day when he became friends with Tod. On a hill Vixey joins Tod as he looks down on the homes of Copper and Tweed.'] ['{{plot}} Elmo is playing with his blanket in his house. Suddenly, after he bumps his blanket on a juice cup and after drying off his blanket at the Laundromat, Elmo sees Zoe feeling sad because her father cannot take her to the zoo, so he decides to make Zoe happy again by imitating certain zoo animals . When Zoe sees his blanket, Elmo refuses to share, resulting in a tug-of-war that has Elmo\'s blanket ripped . Elmo is furious. Suddenly, Telly inadvertently takes away the blanket while rollerskating out of control. They go around Finders Keepers and knock over a tray of drinks Ruthie is carrying. The blanket accidentally lands in the hands of Oscar the Grouch, who drops it in his trash can after sneezing on it. Elmo drops into the bottom of Oscar\'s trash can, where he finds the blanket nailed to a door. But they are both teleported to Grouchland, where a greedy man named Huxley  steals anything he can grab – including Elmo\'s blanket. Elmo is determined to find his blanket and begins a journey through Grouchland. He asks a kind girl named Grizzy to help in his quest, but she later abandons him when Elmo discovers that Huxley\'s house is on the top of the faraway Mount Pickanose. Meanwhile, the Sesame Street residents are informed of Elmo\'s absence and go to Grouchland to find him, with help from Oscar. When Big Bird finds a policeman and asks him for help, he arrests the entire group and informs them that it is against Grouchland\'s laws to ask for help. Meanwhile, Huxley\'s sidekick Bug and the Pesties trap Elmo in a tunnel using a trap door. However, he gets out with the help of fireflies. Then, he meets the Queen of Trash . He leaves her dump by giving the queen 100 raspberries in 30 seconds. Elmo succeeds and continues walking to Huxley\'s house. He is then chased by a humongous chicken named "Tiny", but gets away. When night comes, he stops at a rock to rest, discouraged. When Grizzy learns of the Sesame Street friends being arrested, she tells them of Elmo\'s location in Huxley\'s house. Oscar is convinced to help set things right as well as admitting that Elmo is his friend. He convinces the Grouch Policeman and all the Grouches of Grouchland that, even though Grouches hate cooperation, just for once, they have to take a stand against Huxley from stealing any more of their stuff, and taking light to this problem, the Grouch Policeman releases the Sesame Street residents and aid them to go to Huxley\'s house to fight for their trash. A caterpillar wakes up Elmo the next morning on the rock. He gives Elmo advice to look inside his body and he\'ll see that he\'ll be brave. He then makes it to Huxley\'s before he could make Elmo\'s blanket his blanket. However, Huxley prevents Elmo from escaping by grabbing him with a claw and deciding to label them "MINE". Just as Elmo is about to face the fate of never seeing his friends again, the Sesame Street and the Grouchland citizens appear. Bug takes Elmo\'s blanket from Huxley and turns against him as Elmo catapults a basket over his shoulders. Bug then gives Elmo his blanket back and Huxley tries to change his mind about his selfishness. Elmo is hailed a hero by the Sesame Street and Grouchland citizens. Elmo, happy to get his blanket back, goes with his friends back to his own world and apoligizes to Zoe for his selfishness before letting her hold the blanket. Elmo says goodbye to the audience when Ernie and Bert told the kids to give themselves a round of applause until they went back home before the credits begin.'] ['Shaggy discovers that his uncle Col. Beauregard has died and left him his country estate, which is apparently frequented by ghosts. Shaggy, Scooby and Scrappy head for the estate in order to claim Shaggy\'s inheritance. However, on their arrival they are pursued by a headless horseman and by the alleged ghost of the Colonel who taunts them telling to leave or else. Meanwhile, they meet the creepy manservant Farquard who tells them that a vast fortune in jewels is hidden somewhere on the estate and that it is rightfully his and that Shaggy has no business there. Intrigued, the gang decide to hunt down the jewels much to Farquard\'s chagrin and the local Sheriff who is on the trail of an escaped circus ape is skeptical about the jewels\' existence. They follow the trail through a number of clues that the Colonel has hidden for them, but their progress is interrupted by a number of ghostly apparitions that include living skeletons, headless corpses and the ghostly Colonel. In order to exorcise the ghosts they call upon the "Boo Brothers", three bumbling ghost hunters who have a novelty - they\'re ghosts themselves! Is Beauregard Manor really haunted or are the ghosts created by someone who is out to get the treasure for themselves? There are plenty of suspects including Farquard and the late Colonel\'s neighbor Billy Bob whose family has been rivaling with the Beauregard family for generations.'] ['The film starts with a parody of the 1972 drama film The Godfather.  It is the wedding of Grandpa Lou and Grandma Lulu, but Chuckie Finster grows increasingly saddened by the presence of a mother, after his own died shortly after he was born. His own father Chaz shares Chuckie\'s loneliness. Tommy Pickles\' father Stu is summoned to EuroReptarland, a Japanese amusement park in Paris, France to fix a malfunctioning Reptar robot which is powered by advanced motion control technology. Tommy, Chuckie, Phil and Lil, Angelica Pickles, Dil Pickles, their dog Spike, and all their parents travel to Paris to take a vacation at the park. Coco LaBouche, EuroReptarland\'s mean and cold-hearted director, seeks to become the head of Reptarland\'s company after the current president Mr. Yamaguchi resigns but learns she will need "the heart of a child" to earn the job. Upon the Rugrats\' arrival in EuroReptarland, Angelica overhears a conversation between Coco and Yamaguchi, before being caught. To save herself, Angelica suggests that Coco marry Chaz, offering to help in return for getting her own parade in the park. Coco strikes up a relationship with Chaz but her attempts to bond with Chuckie fall flat. The adults and babies meet Kira Watanabe and her daughter, Kimi, who originate from Japan. Kira works as Coco\'s assistant and helps her to win Chaz\'s affections. Meanwhile, Spike gets lost in the streets of Paris and falls in love with a stray poodle named Fifi. Kira tells the babies the in-universe origins of Reptar, explaining he was a feared angry monster until a princess revealed his gentler side to make the frightened humans like him. Chuckie decides the princess should be his new mother, and is aided by his friends to reach an animatronic replica of the princess in the park, but they are stopped by Coco\'s ninja security guards. Angelica informs Coco of Chuckie\'s wish, so Coco sneaks into the stage production of Reptar and takes the stage as the princess, luring Chuckie into her arms to make it look like she is wonderful with children. Chaz is thrilled deciding she would make an excellent mother and decides to marry her, much to everyone\'s surprise. On the wedding day, Coco shows her true colours, trapping the children in a warehouse with her aid Jean Claude as their guard and fires Kira after she learns of Coco\'s plans. Chuckie rallies the children to crash Chaz\'s wedding using the Reptar robot. They are chased by Jean Claude who pilots the Robosnail robot, Reptar\'s nemesis, until they fight on a bridge and Chuckie knocks Robosnail into the Seine river. Chaz\'s wedding in Notre Dame proves to be quite horrendous, with Coco forcing Chaz to go through with the wedding despite Chuckie\'s absence, and rushing the Archbishop of Paris until she completely loses her temper and throws the Bible at him. Chuckie crashes the wedding, screaming "NO!" which Chaz identifies as Chuckie\'s first English word; since to the adults, the babies are speaking babytalk. Chaz, seeing Coco for the wicked liar she really is, angrily calls the wedding off. Angelica spills the beans to Mr. Yamaguchi about Coco, who is fired and flees the cathedral in her torn dress with Jean Claude, chased by Spike and Fifi. Chaz and Kira fall in love and get married upon returning to America, Spike and Fifi become a couple, and Chuckie now not only having a new mother but a new sister in the form of Kimi, completing one of Rugrats longest-running storylines, The film ends the Rugrats and the grown-ups having a cake fight, the camera backs up, a piece of cake is thrown at the camera, the screen fades to black and the movie ends. During the credits we see pictures of the family\'s vacation in Paris with start credits a variant theme of the cover of "Who Let the Dogs Out?" sung by Baha Men until the screen fades to black and final end credits a close theme of the cover of "These Boots Are Made for Walkin\'" sung by Geri Halliwell of Spice Girls.'] ['Mystery Inc. (Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and [[Scooby-Doo  are attending the grand opening of the Coolsonian Criminology Museum, the premiere exhibit displaying the monster costumes of criminals they dealt with in past cases. However, the celebrations are cut short when the reanimated Pterodactyl Ghost attacks, controlled by the Evil Masked Figure, who boldly declares that Mystery Inc. will be destroyed. He escapes with his quarry and two monster costumes. Heather Jasper-Howe, a journalist, starts a smear campaign against the gang to discredit them. Velma finds a pterodactyl scale and analyses it, confirming it to be real. The gang conclude one of their old enemies is the masked man wanting revenge. They at first suspect their old enemy Jonathon Jacobo who was the original creator of the pterodactyl ghost, and knew how to create monsters to life, but then news breaks out to the gang that Jacobo has drowned during an attempted escape from prison, so the gang guess Jeremiah Wickles, their first foe and the Black Knight Ghost\'s portrayer, and Jacobo\'s roommate in prison, is responsible. The gang travel to Wickles\' mansion where they find mysterious green footprints like the scale leading to the library. Fred, Daphne and Velma find an instruction manual on how to create monsters; whilst Shaggy and Scooby are chased by the reanimated Black Knight but not before finding a note reading "Faux Ghost tonite" which they take as a clue. Daphne fends the knight off until the gang can escape. Shaggy and Scooby sneak into the nightclub, the "Faux Ghost", where many of the convincted criminals they put away hang out, including Wickles who claims he has reformed from his criminal ways; but quickly they are recognized and thrown out. Velma learns the key ingredient to making monsters is a fictional substance called "randomonium". Patrick Wisely, the museum curator, who Velma has a crush on, comes to aid the gang but when they go to the museum, they find the rest of the costumes have been stolen. Shaggy and Scooby encounter the distressed Patrick, and then follow Wickles to the old mining town where the rest of the gang realise randomonium was mined. Wickles is proven to be innocent when the gang learns he plans to turn the mining town into an amusement park for children. Reuniting, the gang find the Monster Hive, finding a machine which brings the monster costumes to life. Shaggy and Scooby mess with the machine\'s control panel, causing several monsters to be reanimated. The gang flee with the control panel, as the Evil Masked Figure attacks Coolsville and Howe asks the gang to turn themselves in to save the citizens. The gang flee to their old high school clubhouse where they realise they will be able to reverse the Monster Hive\'s effects by altering the control panel\'s wiring. Outside, Shaggy and Scooby lament on their habit of being clumsy and desire to be heroes. Captain Cutler\'s Ghost rises out of the nearby bayou, forcing the gang to flee in the Mystery Machine back to the mining town. Fred and Daphne fight the Black Knight and electrical 10,000 Volt Ghost, defeating them with a pair of jumper cables. Velma ventures into the factory and finds a shrine to Jacobo, actually made by Patrick who was Jacobo\'s student at one time. However, he is captured and dragged away by the Pterodactyl Ghost. The gang confront the Evil Masked Figure who has all of them held captive by the Tar Monster, aside from Scooby, who grabs a nearby fire extinguisher to freeze the monster and makes his way to the machine and inserts the control panel, turning the monsters back to costumes. The Evil Masked Figure tries to escape but trips on a broken cat walk and is left dangling from it by his cape. The authorities, press and Coolsville citizens arrive, where the gang unmasked the Evil Masked Figure as Howe - only to then unmask her as noneother than Jacobo, alive and well. Jacobo survived his apparent "death" and was photographed outside the museum before it opened, found by Velma at the shrine. Jacobo and Howe\'s cameraman Ned are arrested, whilst Mystery, Inc. are welcomed back by Coolsville with open arms. The main cast dance with Ruben Studdard at the Faux Ghost in the ending scenes. In a post-credits scene, Scooby is shown in a creepy hall playing a "Scooby Doo" game on a Game Boy Advance. He then turns the game screen towards the camera, and says "Rook! Rodes!" , showing a cheat code for the game he was playing.'] ['After a successful Sydney bank robbery, the man in charge  plans a further and larger robbery, hoping that he can trust his less-than-competent gang. Two young BMX experts, P.J.  and Goose , and their friend Judy , all apparently on school holidays, discover and steal a box of police-band walkie talkies that the bank robbers were hoping to use to monitor on police traffic. With the police unable to track the stolen radios, and the kids unaware that the robbers are now tracking them, the kids are caught by the thieves, but escape. They are finally arrested but escape police custody to launch their own plan. The film boils down to a cartoonish chase across opportunistic sites around Sydney, including a memorable escape down the Manly Waterworks water slides, complete with BMX bikes. The film was also known as Short Wave for American bootleg distribution.<ref namehttp://www.abc.net.au/news/arts/articulate/200602/s1576298.htm | publisherMovie Minutiae: BMX Bandits  | firstKemble | date12 April 2010 }}'] ['A jaded pilot named Noah Dugan  is unemployed and owes a large amount of money due to his gambling. He goes to an old friend named Stoney  who owns an airfield. He is offered a job flying a cargo of animals to a remote South Pacific island aboard a B-29 bomber. Bernadette Lafleur  is the prim missionary who accompanies him. Bernadette has raised the animals at an orphanage and is close to two of the orphans Bobby and Julie . The two children cannot bear to part with their beloved animals and stow away aboard the bomber as it takes off. During the flight, the plane goes off course and Dugan is forced to crash land on an uncharted island. While on the island, the group meets two elderly Japanese holdout soldiers who have lived there alone for 35 years. At first they treat them as enemies as they are unaware that World War II is over. However, Bernadette wins their friendship and trust and they propose to turn the plane into a boat to sail back to civilization. In the meantime Noah and Bernadette  fall in love. The two had resented each other at first. Bernie even paints the logo "Noah\'s Ark" on the converted boat-plane. The animals are also brought on board at Bobby\'s urging. Bobby resents Dugan at first, but the two eventually develop a close bond, especially after Dugan saves Bobby\'s life when the boy falls overboard while fishing for sharks. In the end, the characters are rescued by a United States Coast Guard cutter. The ending of the film shows Noah and Bernadette being married and then embracing the orphans as their own children.'] ["Judd is upset that Shiloh  now belongs to Marty. In the first film Marty did hard labor to get Shiloh from Judd. Judd starts drinking heavily and at the beginning of the film, almost runs Marty and Shiloh off the road with his truck. Marty encounters Judd several times in the film including one key moment when Judd thinks he heard Marty on his property, threatens him and holds his gun and goes to find him but he is too drunk. Later, Judd crashes his truck into the creek while driving drunk. Shiloh's loud barking gets Marty's attention where he finds Judd. Judd is then taken to the hospital and returns home sometime later. Marty wants to be nice with Judd and makes donations . Marty then starts writing Judd letters , telling him stories about Shiloh. Judd takes to liking this and reads them they kind of become friends again. In the end, Marty decides he wants to take Shiloh with him to visit Judd. Marty and Judd start to become friends after Judd tells him that it was Shiloh who really saved him and for the first time ever, Shiloh allows Judd to pet him.This is a wonderful, heartfelt movie."] ['One night, Popeye  rows his dinghy into the harbor of the Sweethaven. When he arrives there everyone seems to fear him merely because he is a stranger. He rents a room at the Oyls\' boarding house, where he falls for their daughter, Olive . Olive\'s hand has been promised to Captain Bluto , a bully and ruffian who is in charge of collecting taxes for the mysterious Commodore. Popeye and Bluto are quick to dislike each other and fight. Popeye, who was orphaned at an early age, is searching for his missing father. Along the way he encounters George W. Geezil , J. Wellington Wimpy , "Oxblood Oxheart" , and a greedy, unnamed taxman . Popeye and Olive are brought together when they find Swee\'Pea , a foundling. Swee\'Pea can predict the future, whistling when he hears the right answer to a question. Popeye allows Wimpy to take Swee\'Pea on a walk, but Wimpy takes him to the horse race. Wimpy uses Swee\'Pea\'s power to find out which horse will win. Popeye and Olive Oyl are mad at Wimpy. Popeye then throws the tax collector into the sea, making the entire town happy. While the town is celebrating Popeye\'s victory, Wimpy steals Swee\'Pea and gives him to Bluto. Popeye hurries to find Swee\'Pea, but it is too late. When Swee\'Pea is kidnapped, Popeye and Olive Oyl go looking for him. Olive and Wimpy learn that Swee\'Pea was taken on the Commodore\'s ship, and it turns out that the Commodore is Popeye\'s father, Poopdeck Pappy . Bluto has tied up Pappy, and is going to use Swee\'Pea to find Pappy\'s treasure. When Olive and Wimpy tell Popeye what they have discovered, Popeye thinks it is a joke and goes to the Commodore\'s ship to prove them wrong. He finds the Commodore and sees the family resemblance. He learns from his father the secret to gaining great strength by eating spinach, but states his dislike of it, infuriating Pappy. Bluto kidnaps Swee\'Pea and Olive Oyl, then sails to an island on which the Commodore has said his treasure is located. He tries using Swee\'Pea\'s predictive ability to locate the treasure. Popeye, Pappy, Wimpy and their friends chase Bluto to Pirate\'s Cove. Using a cannon, Pappy tries to sink Bluto\'s ship, but, in the end, has to ram it. Olive is trapped in a tube that is tossed in the water, and Pappy manages to get up on the cove with Swee\'Pea and Popeye\'s friends. Bluto and Popeye get into a sword fight. Bluto, being bigger and stronger, knocks Popeye into the water. A giant octopus tries to eat Olive. Pappy calls to Popeye and tells him that if he ate spinach he would not be losing. Bluto attempts to add insult to injury by forcing Popeye to eat a can of spinach, then wrapping him in chains and dropping him into the water. Popeye, now with extraordinary strength, shoots up from the water and defeats Bluto with a mighty punch. He then rescues Olive using a "Twisker Punch", sending the octopus flying into the air. Now beaten, Bluto turns yellow  and swims out to sea, never to be heard from again. Pappy finds his treasure, containing items from Popeye\'s infancy, including a picture of "Me Son". The characters sing "Popeye The Sailor Man", while Popeye dances and falls back in the water, only to pop back up smiling. The credits then play through a scene of the cove showing Bluto still swimming out to sea.'] ['Travis and his two daughters, Courtney and Samantha, set off on a dangerous trip around the world on a sailboat. Along for the trip is Kelly, a journalist who has been assigned to cover the voyage. Also, Jesse, a stowaway, is found aboard adding a fifth person on the trip. Soon, they are shipwrecked on a deserted island and must learn how to survive together in a sometimes dangerous environment.'] ['The film opens with Ryan Tyler reading about his father Michael Tyler\'s ([[Stephen Lang  career working with pandas in China, while Michael is absent at the time. After school that day, Ryan and his friend Johnny take the bus home to Ryan\'s house to spend the afternoon together. When Ryan checks the mail, he finds a plane ticket to China which was sent by his father. When Ryan is taken to the airport, Ryan tells his mother at the last minute that he did not want to go to China, as he thought his father cared more about his work than him. With his mother\'s kind advice of being able to come home if he did not like it in China, Ryan boards the plane to China. Meanwhile, out in the forest in China, Michael is with two companions, Ling , a young girl and translator, and Chu, Lings\' grandfather who is very experienced with pandas. Together, they track down a mother panda with a blow gun and place a radio collar on her and head back to the Panda reserve. Ryan arrives at the airport in China, with his father nowhere to be found. While wandering around in a fair, Ryan notices a bus with a panda bear logo on the side, and boards it, hoping it will take him to his father. Reluctantly, the bus treks to his father\'s location. Meanwhile back in the forest, the mother Panda steps into a bear trap as her newborn cub who is rare and priceless looks on helplessly. Back at the reserve, Michael and the staff recognize the weakness of the signal and lack of movement in the collar, which leads them to believing the panda is in danger. Just as Michael, Ling and Chu set out to visit the panda, Ryan arrives at the reserve but Michael is in a hurry, shows Ryan to his room, and forbids him to come with him into the forest. Ryan watches his dad leave, and with disgust, runs out after his father\'s tractor, scolding him for leaving him so fast. Michael claims he would be back as soon as he could and Ryan replies saying that is what he had said two years ago when he and his mother divorced and she left. This causes Michael to stop the tractor, and realizing his mistake, lets Ryan come for the mission. While they are on their way to the panda and her cub, two poachers, who had set up the trap, beat the others to them. The poacher with the gun fires at the mother panda, but the other poacher pushes the gun away, stating in Chinese that he takes the cub first and then he can shoot the mother. Meanwhile Michael, Ryan, Ling, and Chu all hear this gunshot, and Michael sets out into the forest with the blow gun. He catches the poacher ready to shoot the mother panda, shouts "NO! DON\'T SHOOT!" and sprints through the bushes toward the poacher. The poacher, terrified, blindly shoots at Michael\'s ankle, knocking him down, and runs away with the other poacher and the cub. Ryan, Ling, and Chu run over, and see Michael down and wounded in the ankle. While Chu and Michael set the mother panda loose from the trap, Ling runs back to the tractor and radios the helicopter from the reserve to bring the cub and the injured Michael back to the reserve. When the helicopter arrives, the pilot Chang states there is only room for Michael, the panda, and himself, and Ryan would have to wait at the site for Chang to come back to pick him up. While Ling and Chu set off to find the stolen cub, Ryan is waiting at the rock, muttering to himself to keep entertained. When he sees a snake in the bush, he immediately takes off through the trees, frightened, and in search of Ling. Ryan encounters Ling and Chu, and together they set out to the poachers\' home to recover the cub. The poachers, having discovered the panda was missing, catch Ryan and Ling escaping on the bridge, and shoot the bridge in order to stop them. This causes Ling to fall, just barely hanging on, leaving Ryan to try and help her up. As the poachers approach, the cub pushes both of them in, thus all 3 of them landing in the river to float downstream. Later when they tried to return the panda to the reserve, they fell into a river and down a waterfall. When they surface and get out of the water, Ryan and Ling find themselves covered with leeches so they frantically strip off their clothes and jump into the river. Ryan soon realizes that he can use the batteries in his watch to power the collar and enable his father to locate them. Attempting to make their way back to the reserve with the cub, whom Ryan decides to name Johnny, they come upon a local village that grants them hospitality for protecting Johnny. However, the poachers have also arrived and begin searching the village for Johnny. The villagers help the trio escape, but as they make their way across the mountains, the poachers follow and attempt to take Johnny. Luckily, Michael arrives and subdues the poachers. They then drive back to the reserve just as Chinese officials are about to close it. Upon seeing Ryan bring Johnny back to his mother, the officials decide let the reserve remain open.'] ['Wheezer, Dickie, Uh-huh, and Stymie choose to play hooky from school again to go fishing with Joe and Farina. Meanwhile, Miss Kornman is taking her students to the beach and amusement pier free of charge. Spanky and Cotton deliver sick notes forged for Dickie, Stymie, and Wheezer by Joe and Farina to Miss Kornman, stating why they were absent. Truant officer Mickey Daniels decides to teach the boys a lesson. The truant officer then lectures the boys about what they can expect if sent to reform school , and frightens them so much they insist of being taken to the beach to apologize to Miss Kornman. En route, Stymie spots the truant officer badge and the boys flee. The officer purposely makes the chase long but eventually catches all the boys. They beg Miss Kornman to stop Mr. Daniels from locking the boys in a reform school. She does after the boys promise to never play hooky again.'] ['A research and production company is performing a live human trial for a machine called the “Augmentor 1,000.” The device is designed for medical use, with an ancillary benefit of enhanced strength. The machine’s creator, workaholic Pat Utley, objects due to potentially lethal side effects. Edward Crow, the company owner, overrules him. The Augmentor is successfully activated but the subject suddenly goes berserk until Pat literally pulls the plug on the device. Drew, Pat’s teenage son, meets up with friends Miles and Lanny after school. All three are bullied by jocks; they later commiserate at Drew’s house and decide to form a club to defend themselves. The next day, Drew and Miles hang out at Pat’s work, and hack into the computer systems for fun. While Miles browses classified files, Drew overhears Crow demanding that Pat prepare for a motion control Augmentor demonstration. To ensure his compliance, Pat is ordered to wear the machine for the test or be taken off the project. Pat reluctantly agrees, despite a problematic heart condition. Drew concludes they’re trying to get rid of his dad, so Miles tries to find out more about the machine, but they need Crow’s superuser password. To get it, the three of them recruit Jonny, the school hustler, for their club. Together, they trick a system supervisor out of the superuser password and download the Augmentor schematics. Miles determines that an Augmentor user will fry their nervous system in 20 minutes, but Drew’s dad would be dead in only five. They determine the best way to save Pat is to steal the machine. To help break into the building, Jonny’s cousin Samantha, a skilled car boost and lockpick, is enlisted. The team calls themselves the “P.U.N.K.S.,” an acronym formed by the first letters of their surnames. During a night raid, they successfully infiltrate the building. Miles copies and deletes the Augmentor files while Drew and Sam plant an audio bug and tap into a camera feed for surveillance from their “master control.” A silent alarm attracts guards, and Miles crashes the system with a virus before the teens narrowly escape with the Augmentor. The day after, they learn from their audio/video feed that Crow has file backups and an Augmentor prototype. They attempt two public meets to obtain the prototype, but both fail. Crow organizes an impromptu demonstration for an important investor with Middle Eastern buyer connections which Crow needs, as he has secretly put all of his company’s financial hopes on black market trade. Frustrated with Pat, Crow decides to test out the prototype Augmentor with the remote control unit personally. Jonny uses a second motion control suit to embarrass Crow by making him do ridiculous antics. Furious, Crow threatens to fire Pat unless the real demo goes perfectly. The victory celebration is cut short when Crow is overheard talking about eliminating them, and mentioning a troublesome FBI agent named “Houlihan.” Everyone panics and bails except Drew. He meets Houlihan, falling into a trap set by Crow. The other P.U.N.K.S. save him at the last minute by radio, and he escapes. Pat tries to resign, but is drugged and forcibly suited up for the buyer presentation. Drew returns to “master control,” only to find Crow kidnapped his friends. He rides in during the demo and rescues his friends and saves his dad. Crow puts on the Augmentor and fights Drew. The boy has the upper hand, but runs past his twenty minute limit and starts losing consciousness. As Crow prepares to pummel him, Sam intervenes in the motion control suit and has Crow beat himself up. The police arrive and arrest the criminals. Back at school, the jocks pick on Miles, but the P.U.N.K.S. unite, and Lanny literally tosses them across the courtyard by using the Augmentor. On their way home together, Miles reads an article detailing the exposure of Crow’s operation, the arrests, and crediting the “covert team of operatives,” the P.U.N.K.S., for bringing them to justice.'] ['Bennington \'Baby Bink\' Cotwell Jr. , a mischievous baby who lives in a huge mansion in a suburb of Chicago with his parents Laraine  and Bennington Sr. , is just about to appear in the social pages of the newspaper. Three klutzy would-be kidnappers: Edgar "Eddie" Mauser , Norbert "Norby" LeBlaw , and Victor "Veeko" Riley  disguise themselves as the photographers from the paper and kidnap him. After the kidnapping they have difficulty controlling him. While trying to get him to fall asleep Norby does so reading Bink\'s book titled "Baby\'s Day Out", leaving him unattended. Looking through it he notices a bird on the page and then one by the open window. He follows it out and successfully gets away from his kidnappers, with Eddie falling off the building and into a garbage bin while chasing after him through the rooftop. The FBI arrives at the mansion, headed by Dale Grissom , where they try to piece together clues along with Bink\'s parents and his loving nanny Gilbertine . Meanwhile, he, now outside on the ground and crawling about, finds another part of his book: The blue bus, which he then boards. The kidnappers realize he is missing and start chasing the bus in their van but their efforts are in vain. Meanwhile on the bus Bink crawls into the bag of an obese lady who gets off at her stop shortly afterwards. By the time the trio catches it, and realize Bink is not on board, they then realize that he crawled into the lady\'s bag and follow her. An altercation ensues after they insult her, and while they attempt their escape, Bink crawls up to a revolving door at the entrance to a department store  and is forced inwards by its momentum. Crawling through the department store, Bink is stopped by a worker who works for Mother Goose Corner, a nearby day care center, who believes he escaped from there. While unattended there, he crawls into the bottom of a stroller and is wheeled out by an unsuspecting mother, leaving the store, crawls out from the stroller and eventually ends up in traffic. The kidnappers attempt to follow him but keep getting injured in the process as he makes his way to the city zoo. They find him in the primate house with a gorilla and lose hope of gaining their ransom money. The gorilla shows a maternal side and does not injure him. The kidnappers try to retrieve Baby Bink but it notices them and bashes Veeko\'s hand, throws Norby into the air using a mopstick as a catapult, and hurls Eddie against the bars of the cage opposite its own. The kidnappers eventually corner and catch Bink in the zoo\'s park, but are confronted by two friendly police officers, who have noticed that their van\'s engine is still running. During the conversation, Eddie hides Bink under his coat in his lap, but he reaches Eddie\'s cigarette lighter, sets his crotch on fire, and sneaks off as soon as the officers are gone. Veeko extinguishes the fire by repeatedly stomping on Eddie\'s groin, seriously hurting him. They follow Bink to a construction yard, but are still unable to catch him, with Norby falling into a vat of wet cement, Veeko getting thrown off the building and into the back of a garbage truck, and Eddie getting stranded on a crane after being drenched in glue. The sun sets as Bink leaves the construction yard. The kidnappers manage to escape , but decide to give up and go home. Bink\'s parents are notified of various sightings of him in the city and Gilbertine deduces that he has been following the happenings of his favorite book,  and will most likely head for the Old Soldiers\' Home next. Sure enough, they find him there, but on the way home, he begins to call out "Boo-Boo" toward the kidnappers\' flat. The FBI moves in on there and arrests Eddie, Veeko, and Norby demanding that they return his book first. Back home, Bink is put to bed by his family. As his parents discuss having his picture taken by a normal photographer in the morning, he wakes up and gets ready to read another book, this one entitled Baby\'s Trip to China..'] ['{{plot}} The film opens in the summer of 1967 with Marshall Stouffer  being chased by his two older brothers, Mark  and Marty . The two oldest brothers love using Marshall to film him in stunts, which he dislikes. Occasionally Marty and Mark will show footage of their antics in their garage to all their friends. Mark and Marty have a dream of filming dangerous animals around the country, and the dream starts when they find a rare, special camera in a shop. Agnes  loans them the money she was saving up and they begin planning their trip. Their father is against this idea. The brothers then want to take the next step by traveling across the country, but again, the father says no. Mark and Marty finally convince their father to let them go. All set, Marty and Mark begin their trip using the family\'s beat up 1956 Chevrolet Suburban and are surprised to find out Marshall couldn\'t leave them and comes along. The mother is worried, but lets him go. The overall goal of the trip in Marty\'s mind is to find a legendary cave located somewhere in the western states said to be filled with hundreds of bears. Marty learns of it when reading an article in a wildlife magazine, which took it from a trapper\'s journal from the 19th century. The three brothers start camping. First, they miss a shot at catching an eagle, then go to film some alligators, and start by seeing a man who was attacked by an alligator. As they go in a swamp on a boat, Mark throws some bait but it lands in the trees, trying to retrieve it, his clothing gets stuck in a branch underwater and he starts to drown, Marshall and Marty drive the boat, but it crashes into another branch, which sends Marshall flying into the water. Marshall gets a knife from Marty and cuts Mark loose, but Marshall is now dealing with a bigger problem; he and the alligator are face to face. Marshall is able to get back on the boat in time. When they get back to the hut, the alligator man  tells them about how back when he served in the Korean War he befriended a fellow soldier named Phil. Strango and Phil would exchange stories about their wilderness adventures. Strango would talk about hunting alligators and Phil would tell tall tales about bears. This rouses Marty\'s attention and he asks about it. Strango states that Phil was talking about a cave full of hundreds of bears somewhere "out West." The brothers then stop at a beachside grill on the southern coast of Louisiana where they get a small dose of the Vietnam War fueled counter culture of the 1960\'s. Mark catches the eye of two British women who are hippies. They take the brothers to a nude beach. Marty and Mark and the two hippies go swimming while Marshall guards the truck and the camera. After the swim the brothers get back on the road much to Mark\'s reluctance. They drive northwest until they reach Devil\'s Playground in Colorado, "the last home of the wild American wolf." Devil\'s Playground is located on government protected land. They catch footage of a wolf creeping up on a doe. Then as the wolf is about to ambush the doe there is a series of explosions. The brothers look up and see two F-4 Phantoms flying overhead. The pilots see the brothers and turn around, firing missiles at them eventually hitting a giant boulder knocking the three down. As they get up a herd of wild horses comes thundering towards them. They get in the truck just in time to film it. When the horses pass Marshall sees an owl that looks a lot like his owl Leona. The three follow it and discover a cave. On the wall of the cave is an ancient Indian drawing of a cave filled with bear-shaped figures. Marty and Mark draw it on Marshall\'s chest and show it to an old Indian woman. The women tells them that it\'s located near Arapaho Peak in Montana. The brothers try to attract bears, but end up attracting a baby moose that Marshall thinks is a deer. As Marshall starts to pet it, its mother comes and starts chasing him. Marshall tries to escape it, but he gets on its head and antlers as the moose runs into a river. Marshall is about to drown until Bigfoot the Mountain Man saves him. That night around the campfire Marty and Bigfoot talk about bears and the cave. Bigfoot dismisses the cave as a myth but tells them to talk to Carrie Stokes whose husband was killed by a bear. The next day the brothers drive to Stokes\'s cabin in Willis Peak. Stokes tells the story of how she was mauled by a bear. Her fiance, Judd then went after the bears in their cave but was killed by them two days before the two were to be married . When they return to the truck the brothers discover they were robbed of their food, sleeping bags, and money. This leads to a fight between Mark and Marty, which ends up with Mark having a minor fracture in his leg. Dismayed by Mark\'s broken leg, the brothers begin to head home. As they drive Marshall sees a woman laying down flowers near a grave, and reminds the brothers what Carrie does on that day, and they go back and follow her to the cave. They get in and film the bears, but wake all of them up, making them angry. They get some good shots, and sing a song their dad would sing which puts the bears to sleep. Just as they are ready to leave, bats come and attack them. Marshall distracts one of the grizzlies, and tells the other two to leave, because he "has a way out". The two brothers get out safely, but Marshall has a problem trying to escape the bear as he crawls through a small tunnel in the cave. He gets out, and gets the camera back. The three brothers are home, but Marshall  is driving, and imagines himself flying a plane. He crashes into a few mailboxes, and their dad has to pick them up. They get back home, and their mom tells them she rented the school gym for them to show what they filmed. While driving, their father crashes his truck and ends up in the hospital. Marshall teaches himself how to fly a plane, and flies over the hospital so his dad can see. This doesn\'t please his mom, as he talks to his dad about how he should let his boys have freedom and let Mark and Marty do what they want to do. They display their film, and everyone claps, but when their enemy DC makes a rude comment, their dad begins to applaud, having the crowd cheer and clap. Marshall and his Dad smile at each other at the end.'] ['Professor Utonium hopes to create the perfect little girl using a mixture of sugar, spice, and everything nice to improve Townsville, a city plagued by villains. He is shoved by his laboratory assistant, a destructive chimpanzee named Jojo, causing him to accidentally break a container of a mysterious substance called Chemical X that spills into the mixture and explodes in Jojo\'s face. The Professor finds that the experiment was a success, having produced three little girls whom he names Blossom , Bubbles , and Buttercup . These girls also have superpowers as a result of the additional Chemical X, though they all immediately grow to love each other as a family. During their first day of school, the girls learn about the game tag and begin to play amongst themselves, which quickly grows destructive when they begin using their powers. They take their game downtown, accidentally causing massive damage to the city until the Professor calms them down and cautions them against using their powers outside. As a result of the destruction, the citizens of Townsville treat the girls as outcasts while the Professor is arrested for creating the girls. The despondent girls try to make their way home on foot, but become lost in an alleyway and are attacked by the Gangreen Gang. They are rescued by Jojo, whose brain has mutated and given him enhanced intelligence as a result of the Chemical X explosion. Planning control of the city, Jojo gains the girls\' empathy by saying he is also hated for his powers, and manipulates them into helping him build a laboratory and machine over a volcano in the middle of town that he claims will gain them the affections of the city. He also has them steal a batch of Chemical X from the Professor\'s lab. As a reward, Jojo takes the girls to the local zoo and secretly implants small transportation devices on all the primates there. That night, Jojo transports all the primates from the zoo into his volcano lair and uses his new machine to inject them with Chemical X, turning them into evil mutant primates like himself. The next morning, after the Professor is released from prison, the girls show him all the "good" they have done, only to discover the city being attacked by the monkeys. Jojo, renaming himself Mojo Jojo, publicly denounces the girls as his assistants, turning everyone, including the distraught Professor, against them. The girls blast off into space, dejected. Mojo Jojo announces his intentions to rule the planet, but becomes frustrated when his minions, now as intelligent and evil as he is, begin concocting their own plans to terrorize the people of Townsville. Overhearing this turmoil from space, the girls return to Earth and use their powers to defeat the primates and rescue the citizens. In response, Mojo injects himself with Chemical X and grows into a giant monster, but the girls defeat him after an intense battle by pushing him off a skyscraper. Hoping to help the girls, the Professor develops an antidote for Chemical X which Mojo Jojo lands on, shrinking him down to his original size. The girls consider using the Antidote X to erase their powers, thinking they would be accepted as normal little girls, but the citizens of Townsville protest, apologizing for misjudging the girls and thanking them for their heroic deeds. At the insistence of the Mayor, the girls agree to use their powers to defend Townsville and become the city\'s beloved crime-fighting team of superheroes: the Powerpuff Girls.'] ['Two young bears, Nikomi and Chinook, know nothing of Christmas until the local park ranger tells them about the legend, and they become curious to meet Santa Claus. Their mother, Nana, is preparing for Winter hibernation and cynically tells her children that there is no Santa, but they are determined to believe. Mother finds it impossible to begin their sleep, since the young cubs wish to stay awake until Santa arrives.'] ["Agent Cody Banks  attends summer camp, actually a secret facility for training CIA teenage agents. When a group of CIA soldiers attempt to abduct head counselor Victor Diaz ([[Keith Allen , Cody helps him escape, mistaking the CIA operation for a training exercise. The director informs Cody that Diaz stole disks containing plans for a secret mind-control device, and sends Cody to recapture him. In the United Kingdom, Cody poses as a summer orchestra student at the Kenworth estate to spy on owner Lord Duncan Kenworth, suspected of working with Diaz, supported by his handler, Derek  and Kumar, Derek's right hand man, who are disguised as a chef hired by Lady Kenworth and a taxi driver respectively. Whilst keeping his mission a secret from his fellow students, Cody sneaks around the estate and confirms that Diaz and Duncan are working together and that they have a working prototype of the mind control device, evidenced when Duncan makes a dog serve drinks and play the piano. The next day, Cody breaks into a lab owned by Duncan, where he sees the finished device: a microchip inserted as a filling into a tooth cavity by dentist Santiago. Shortly afterwards Cody and Derek chase Diaz, armed with a rocket gun, through London streets, but Cody is arrested. He is later freed by Emily , a fellow student who, similar to Cody, is actually a British operative. While Emily buys coffee and pop, Cody is kidnapped and implanted with the microchip. Under Duncan, Santiago and Diaz's influence, Cody meets the CIA director, who is then also converted. This is witnessed by Emily, who explains things to Derek. To get the microchip out of Cody, Derek cuts one of Cody's gadgets, exploding Mentos mints, into a precisely miniscule amount to safely remove it. The group later realise Diaz's plan: to implant all of the world leaders, who are all in London for a G7 summit at Buckingham Palace, effectively giving him control of the world. Deducing that with the CIA director under Diaz's control, they may be put on a most wanted list, Cody, Derek and Emily infiltrate the party before the summit. They explain the truth to the other students, who are performing for the guests, and urge them to keep the world leaders from attending the G7 summit. They later proceed to do so with an impropteau performance of War, whilst Cody, Emily and Derek search for the villains. Derek is implanted with the microchip, and is set on Cody by Santiago. Before Santiago can kill him through Derek, Emily finds and subdues him, disabling the mind control software and rescuing the U.S. President, who was to be implanted. Shortly after Cody kicks out Derek's microchip, the two of them remove the CIA director's microchip. Diaz, realising that his plan has failed attempts to flee, but ends up fighting, and being defeated by Cody in the Queen's gift room. Duncan also attempts to escape, but is tripped by his apparently senile and blind butler, who turns out to be Emily's handler. After the villains are arrested, Cody returns to the camp, where Derek is now in charge as reward. Cody's parents pick him up, none the wiser about his dangerous exploits. Alex, Cody's younger brother tries to eat a few of his explosive Mentos, but Cody tosses them into the pond where they explode harmlessly."] [' Andy, now nearly 18 years old,{{cite web}} is leaving for college, and his toys feel like they have been abandoned as they have not been played with for years. Andy decides to take Woody with him to college and puts Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the toys in a trash bag for storage in the attic. However, the toys are accidentally thrown out when Andy\'s mom finds the bag and puts it out on the curb, causing the toys to think that they are no longer wanted. They escape and decide to climb in a donation box for Sunnyside Daycare. Woody, the only toy who saw what actually happened, follows the other toys and tries to explain that they were thrown out by mistake, but they refuse to believe him. Andy\'s toys are welcomed by the many toys at Sunnyside and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by Lots-O\'-Huggin\' Bear , Big Baby and Ken, whom Barbie falls for. All of the toys love their new home, leaving a steadfast Woody alone in an attempt to return to Andy. Woody\'s escape attempt falls short and he is found outside by Bonnie, an imaginative little girl. She takes him home and plays with him along with her other toys, who are well-treated, happy, and readily welcome Woody. At the daycare, Andy\'s toys get beaten up by the rambunctious youngest toddlers. Buzz goes to ask Lotso to transport him and the other toys to a better room, only to be caught by Lotso\'s henchmen and restored back to his original space ranger persona. At the same time, Andy\'s toys realize that Woody was right about Andy when Mrs. Potato Head sees Andy searching for them through her missing eye, which was left behind in Andy\'s room. Before they could leave, they are imprisoned by Lotso and his gang, including a reset Buzz. Back at Bonnie\'s, Woody learns from one of the toys, named Chuckles the Clown, that Lotso was once a good toy and had an owner named Daisy who also owned Chuckles the Clown and Big Baby. One day, Daisy left them behind on a picnic. The three eventually find their way back to Daisy\'s house, only to find that she replaced Lotso with an identical teddy bear. When he found Sunnyside, he and Big Baby took it over and ran it like a prison. The following morning, Woody returns to Sunnyside through Bonnie\'s backpack. He sneakily reaches his friends and tells them he is sorry for leaving them. They quickly formulate an escape plan. That night, Woody and Slinky sneak through Sunnyside to the main office, where Chatter informed them that a cymbal-banging monkey monitors the CCTV system to prevent toys escaping. A brief fight ensues, ending with the Monkey wrapped in sticky tape and locked in a filing cabinet by Slinky. Slinky signals to the other toys while Mr. Potato head provides a diversion, they make their escape. In the process, Buzz is accidentally reset into a Spanish mode, in which he becomes very flamboyantly chivalrous and his memory is wiped; despite this, Buzz allies himself with Woody\'s friends, and immediately falls in love with Jessie. The toys reach a dumpster, but are caught by Lotso and his gang. As a garbage truck approaches, Woody reveals what he heard about Lotso, and Big Baby throws Lotso into the dumpster. Seeking revenge, Lotso pulls Woody in the dumpster just as the truck collects the trash. Woody\'s friends jump into the back of the truck, trying to rescue him and a falling television hits Buzz when he tries to save Jessie, returning him to his normal self. The toys find themselves at the dump and are pushed onto a conveyor belt leading to a garbage shredder. Woody and Buzz save Lotso just in time as he is about to be shredded and Woody and the other toys end up on another conveyor belt, leading to an incinerator. The toys help Lotso reach an emergency stop button, but he leaves them to their deaths. Thinking that this is the end, the toys join hands and accept their fate but are rescued by the Aliens using a giant claw. Lotso makes his way outside, but a passing truck driver finds him and, recognizing he had the toy as a kid, straps him to the radiator grill of his truck. Meanwhile, Woody and his friends board another trash truck driven by an older Sid Phillips back to Andy\'s house. In Andy\'s room, Woody climbs back into the box with Andy\'s college supplies while the other toys ready themselves for the attic. Remembering his time with Bonnie and her toys, Woody has an idea and leaves a note for Andy on the toys\' box. Andy, thinking the note is from his mother, takes them to Bonnie\'s house and introduces her to his old toy and Bonnie recognizes Woody, who, to Andy\'s surprise, is lying at the bottom of the box. Andy is initially reluctant to give him up but eventually does so and spends some time playing with her. After Andy leaves, Woody introduces the gang to Bonnie\'s toys as the camera pans up to the sky. During the credits, Woody and the other toys learn through notes passed in Bonnie\'s backpack that Barbie, Ken and Big Baby have improved the lives of the toys  at Sunnyside. Buzz uncontrollably dances with Jessie to a Spanish version of "You\'ve Got a Friend in Me."'] ['{{plot}} In a palace somewhere in Great Britain, a royal cat named Prince , is living a luxurious life,And he\'s not as cute as Garfield though and is king of his castle, known as Carlyle Castle. On the other side of the world, Garfield the cat  is living in his owner Jon\'s house a year after the first movie and believes that he\'s the king of the home. That night, Jon invites his girlfriend Liz  over for dinner, and is planning to propose to her. Jon is about to propose, but is unable to find the ring because Garfield took it so as to keep Jon all to himself. Garfield also eats the turkey dinner Jon made for Liz. Liz tells Jon that she\'s been asked to travel to Great Britain for a veterinarian convention, and is flying there tomorrow. After she leaves, Jon decides to go to England to be with Liz and propose to her there. The next day, Garfield thinks that he and Odie are going with Jon to Britain, but instead they are sent to the kennel where they are to stay while Jon is in London. Garfield throws a tantrum, and damages his and Odie\'s cage door. The two of them get out of the cage and escape into Jon\'s car, hiding in his luggage. Meanwhile, at Carlyle Castle, Prince has just been named the new owner of the castle , but a man named Lord Dargis , the nephew of the past owner, expected that the owner would give him all the land. Prince\'s assistant, Winston, is worried that Dargis will get rid of Prince in order to get the land. Dargis puts Prince in a picnic basket and throws him in a river which leads to London in order to have the soliciters believe Prince has run away. Jon arrives at his hotel and is about to propose to Liz when Garfield and Odie come out of his bag. Jon is surprised, and leaves Garfield and Odie in the hotel room while he and Liz go sightseeing. Garfield and Odie escape in search of Jon when the hotel maid comes in. Meanwhile, Dargis tells the soliciterss and tells them he will be the next owner of the palace. The animals who are kept in a barn in the palace receive about the Prince\'s disappearance from a crow. After sending a mouse to look around, they also find out that Dargis is planning to kill them in order to spare more land and serve them to the guests. Meanwhile, the butler of Caryle Castle, Smithee, is told by Dargis to go to London to get his new suit. He finds Garfield and Odie during their travels and mistakes him for Prince, bringing him to the castle and leaving Odie alone. Prince manages to get out of a gutter in front of Odie, to his confusion. Jon finds the two and, mistaking Prince for Garfield, takes them back to his hotel room. At the castle, the animals realize that Garfield is not Prince, due to his voice and attitude, but are not concerned as he just needs to look like him to fool the solicitors into thinking Prince has returned. Dargis mistakes Garfield for Prince, and unsuccessfully attempts to have him killed. At the hotel, Odie brings Jon and Liz\'s map to Prince. Prince spots Carlyle Castle on the map, and sets off to return to the palace. Jon realizes that Garfield is gone and goes off with Odie to find him. Jon does not find him, but Odie finds a newspaper containing Prince\'s picture and shows Jon that Garfield could\'ve been mistaken for Prince. Jon and Odie rent a car and head for Carlyle Castle. In Carlyle Castle, Garfield hears Preston and Winston\'s words about Garfield being a horrible replacement for Prince. This upsets him, but he soon decides to find Jon. Liz, however, has arrived at the castle for the convention, and Garfield finds Dargis hitting on Liz. Garfield distracts Dargis, and is subsequently thrown in a dungeon underneath the castle. Jon meets up with Smithee and after explaining the story, he decides to come with them. Garfield is rescued by Winston. but decides to head back to London, citing Winston\'s earlier remarks about him being simply a housecat. On his way out, he comes face to face with Prince in a "fake mirror" scene, each copying the other\'s movements until Garfield fools Prince into fainting. Prince explains that he had been living Garfield\'s life for the last three days, and that he should return to his owner, but Garfield tells them that they should fight Dargis, and decides to stay. The animals set traps all over the palace, with Garfield and Prince luring him into the traps. They manage to run him around the entire castle, making the solicitors believe he has gone crazy. Jon and Odie arrive as Dargis gets a crossbow and aims it at the cats and the solicitors, forcing them to sign the deed of the castle over to him. Odie bites Dargis on the butt, making him throwing the cross bow away. Dargis takes out a gun and holds Liz hostage, but Nigel the ferret enters Dargis\' pants, and he is soon punched out by Jon and falls to the floor. Smithee brings out troops of the police to arrest him. Liz sees Garfield and Prince, not knowing the difference between the two of them. Garfield kicks Odie off the chair they are sitting on in order to prove who is who. Jon takes out the ring and proposes to Liz. Liz happily accepts, and the animals, Garfield, and Prince party at the end of the film, celebrating their freedom.'] ["When Owen  and his distracted older sister, Lilly , are alone and their parents are away, Owen delivers the paper, dodges a school bully, and spends afternoons in a forest hideaway spinning tall tales, and making inventions. When he encounters three thugs and a mistreated dog, his life changes. Owen frees the dog and bonds with the golden retriever. When he reads a newspaper account of a diamond heist, he realizes that the thugs are the chief suspects and he suspects that the thugs hid the diamonds on her collar. Owen changes the dog's name to Diamond. He takes her to the police and the police think that the story is not true. The thugs are in pursuit of the diamonds.http://www.awinkandanod.com/images/DDC%20Variety%20Review.pdf"] ["Upset at being forced to do the household chores all weekend long , Spanky, Alfalfa, Buckwheat, and Porky decide to run away from home. Taking a breather in the tiny village of Jenksville, the boys manage to cadge a meal from kindly storekeeper Mrs. Jenks. But when she finds out that the kids are runaways, she passes this information along to her husband, Constable Hi Jenks, who jovially decides to teach the boys a lesson. Pretending to arrest the four youngsters, Constable Jenks dresses them in convict stripes and forces them to work on the rockpile, figuring that after an hour or so they'll be glad to return home. But an unanticipated swarm of bees brings this little morality play to a sudden and painful conclusion for all concerned.<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/73841/Roamin-Holiday/overview |title2008-09-21|work=NY Times}}"] ['Madeline Rose "Maddy" Phillips  is a 12-year old girl who loves to climb. Her father Tom  has climbed Mount Everest so it runs in the family. Several years earlier, Tom fell more than 100 feet during a climb and because her parents Tom and Molly  are afraid she might hurt herself, they have ordered Maddy not to climb. Tom had some internal injuries from that earlier fall which he didn\'t know about and now the injury has paralyzed him from the neck down. There is an experimental operation costing $250,000 which can save him. Insurance won\'t pay for the operation and the family doesn\'t have the money. Harderbach Financial\'s president Brisbane  refuses to loan the amount and does so by putting loopholes in a contract Molly signed . When asked if he has a heart, Brisbane coldy responds, "This is not an emotional issue, Mrs. Phillips. A bank has no heart. Only paper in a vault". That is when Maddy first gets the idea to rob the bank. Maddy steals three go-carts from her father and convinces her two friends Gus  and Austin  to help her. They remain hesitant, so she tells both of them that she loves him and doesn\'t care for the other and gives half of her friendship necklace to each of them, claiming she has the other half and kissing them both on the cheek. They break into Harderbach Financial . They manage to break in, but with her mother at the hospital visiting their father, she is forced to babysit her younger brother Max . She and Gus progress to a room with thousands of security deposit boxes while Austin keeps the guards away from them. Maddy has to free climb to get to the exit when her hook gets caught in a crack when using the handhelds. She cracks the code  and they flee the room, unintentionally setting off the alarm as they didn\'t type the exit code. While escaping from the guard dogs at which point Austin demonstrates his dog-training skills, the trio is caught by Gus\' brother who tasers his partner  after understanding the situation. However, just before escaping, Gus and Austin find out that Maddy played them after seeing each others\' necklaces and leave her, but later come back for her. The three hop into their go carts, trailed by the police, but Austin holds all the cash in his cart, running out of gas. He then leaps into Gus\' cart, and they escape to the hospital. They rejoin with Maddy in time to disable police cruisers by popping the tires with jacks. When Mrs. Phillips arrives, Brisbane attempts to pass all the blame on her. But ultimately, he is rejected by a French man named Francois who says Brisbane\'s irresponsibility of having a party with an untested security system is a knucklehead move. Meanwhile, the kids make it to the hospital. However, they are caught up to by Maddy\'s mother, the bank security, the police, and the press. Maddy\'s mother then takes responsibility, saying that this was an authorized test for the bank\'s security. The following morning, Mrs. Phillips says what Maddy did was wrong, but apologizes as it was her over-protection that started all the trouble in the first place. The press sympathizes with them, allowing them to hold a fundraiser the day after earning enough money for Maddy\'s father\'s surgery. Even a friend named Mr. Hartmann  gives a "consultation fee" of $50,000 . At the go cart rally after the operation, Gus and Austin make Maddy decide who she loves. She sniffs both of them and causes a debate between them. While they do so, she backs away and they run after her saying who\'s the better boyfriend and the movie ends.'] ['As Aladdin  and Princess Jasmine  prepare for their marriage, Aladdin recovers a dagger, his only memento of his lost father, who had abandoned his family when Aladdin had been a small child. During the ceremony, they and the assembled guests find themselves the targets of a raid by the infamous Forty Thieves, led by a man named Cassim , who is after a particular piece of treasure: a staff which is the receptacle of a powerful oracle. Aladdin, Abu, Jasmine and the Genie discover the Oracle, who has the power to answer a single question about absolutely anything to any individual. When Iago accidentally asks her why the thieves want the staff so badly, she says that they were looking for the "ultimate treasure". Learning of the Oracle\'s power, Aladdin become curious about his past. She hints to him that those questions can be answered by his father, who is still alive much to Aladdin\'s shock. After some encouragement from Jasmine, Aladdin asks the oracle about his father; the oracle reveals that his father is with the Forty Thieves, "trapped within their world". Aladdin, along with Abu, Iago and Carpet, tracks them down and stows away into their hideout, Mount Sesame, where he discovers, to his shock, that his father is actually Cassim himself. Though Aladdin shares a brief, heartfelt reunion with Cassim, Sa\'luk , Cassim\'s subordinate tries to punish Aladdin from entering. Cassim, however, slyly suggests that Aladdin instead face "the Challenge"—an initiation ritual—where he must defeat another one of the Forty Thieves and take his place. Sa\'luk fights Aladdin, but the latter just barely manages to prevail by throwing his opponent off a cliff into the sea. He is welcomed into the band, and Cassim reveals to Aladdin why he had left his wife and son: to find the Hand of Midas, a powerful artifact that can transform anything it touches into gold. Cassim believed that, with the Hand, he could return to his family and give them the life they deserved instead of one living out in the streets, and had instigated the raid so he could capture the oracle\'s staff and question the seer as to the precise whereabouts of the artifact. Aladdin convinces Cassim to return with him to Agrabah to live an honest life. Initially reluctant, Cassim eventually agrees when Iago inadvertently reveals that Aladdin\'s wedding may be his final chance to get the Oracle. For a while, Cassim is happy to spend quality time with his son. Cassim meets with Genie, Jasmine and the Sultan, and they immediately take a liking to Aladdin\'s father. Cassim decides to carry on his original scheme with Iago as his new henchman. Meanwhile, Sa\'luk makes his way to Agrabah. He reveals himself to Razoul and sells out his fellow thieves by telling Razoul the password to their hideout in exchange for immunity from prosecution. After 31 of the thieves are captured, Sa\'luk tells them that Aladdin is one of the forty, and his father Cassim is the King himself. While attempting to steal the Oracle from the palace treasure chamber, Cassim and Iago are captured by the royal guards and Razoul reveals to the Sultan that Cassim is the King of Thieves. The Sultan has Razoul detain Cassim and Iago in the dungeon for life. Aladdin frees Cassim, but is discovered by Razoul. Despite being a criminal, Aladdin returns to the palace to take responsibility for his actions. The Sultan prepares to punish Aladdin, but Genie and Jasmine come to his defense, stating that all he wanted was to give his father a second chance. The Sultan accepts his apology, much to Razoul\'s dismay. With the oracle in hand, Cassim and Iago return to Mount Sesame, only to be captured by Sa\'luk and the remaining Thieves. Cassim is forced to use the stolen oracle in order to find the location of the Hand of Midas and then lead his men there. The Oracle directs them to The Vanishing Isle, a great marble fortress built on the back of a gigantic undersea turtle that periodically dives to the bottom of the ocean, where the Hand is hidden. Iago flees from the group, and goes off to lead Aladdin and Jasmine, Abu and Carpet to his imprisoned father. Aladdin manages to free and reconcile with his father. Working together, they retrieve the Hand just as the turtle is beginning to submerge, when they are attacked by Sa\'luk. While trying to flee from the flood Sa\'luk takes Aladdin hostage, demanding that Cassim surrender the Hand. Cassim throws the Hand of Midas to Sa\'luk, but Sa\'luk turns into a gold statue after grabbing the Hand and Cassim and Aladdin flee. Realizing that his obsession with the Hand can cause destruction and his son is actually his ultimate treasure, Cassim throws the Hand. It lands on the ship with the remaining thieves aboard, turning it into gold and sinking it. Aladdin and Jasmine finally get married, with Cassim attending in the shadows, as he is still wanted for his crimes. Also among the guests are several cameos from characters from the TV series. Iago decides to join Cassim as a traveling companion, and they both go off once again to see the world.'] ['The Tweedys are a middle-aged couple who run their chicken farm somewhere in Yorkshire, England. Mrs. Tweedy serves as the genius but high-tempered wife of Mr. Tweedy, who is rather slow and timid, but handles his manual work industriously. The coop is run in the style of a World War II POW camp, with the chickens accountable for the number of eggs they lay daily. One chicken, Ginger, who is often treated as the chickens\' leader, has attempted numerous plans to flee the coop, aided by contraband smuggled in by two rats, Nick and Fetcher. However, Ginger is routinely captured by Mr. Tweedy and his dogs, and is thrown into a coal bin for solitary confinement numerous times. Ginger is finally released from the coal bin just in time for roll call the next day. Mrs. Tweedy finds on her clipboard that a chicken named Edwina had not laid any eggs. With that, Mrs. Tweedy grabs Edwina and takes her to "the chop". Mrs. Tweedy beheads Edwina with a hatchet and cooks her for dinner. Ginger becomes increasingly desperate to find a plan of escape which will work, faces problems with Nick and Fetcher, who are tired of being paid with chicken feed and want eggs instead. Meanwhile, Mrs. Tweedy realizes that the couple\'s farm is failing, and reads a catalogue on an ambiguous method of increasing profits at the couple\'s farm. Ginger, realizing something is wrong, attempts to convince herself and the other chickens to speed up their efforts to escape. However, Ginger soon comes to the conclusion that the only escape route is to go over the fence, something Ginger and the other chickens cannot do. Later that same night, as Ginger sits outside, she sees a Rhode Island Red cockerel that seemingly flies over the fence and accidentally crashes into the coop. The other chicken fawn over the new arrival, who introduces himself as Rocky, while Ginger finds the first half of a poster with a picture of Rocky on it; showing it to the other chickens and explaining how Rocky came in, Ginger claims that Rocky can fly. Upon discovering that Rocky is from a circus, Ginger agrees to hide Rocky from his owners if he teaches them how to fly. Rocky reluctantly agrees, but due to injuring his wing as a result of his landing, he cannot show them immediately. Instead, Rocky puts Ginger and the other chickens through a set of exercises that seem to have no purpose while assuring them that all the chickens are making progress. Meanwhile, a large pie-making machine arrives, which Mr. Tweedy begins assembling. At the same time, Mrs. Tweedy orders food rations doubled. Ginger proclaims that their intent is to fatten them up, and then kill them, only for Rocky to drag her off. The two of them argue, Rocky claiming that Ginger\'s honesty will demoralize the chickens, and Ginger refusing to lie to the other hens. Discovering that the chickens have gone into depression following Ginger\'s announcement, Rocky organizes a party using a radio obtained by Nick and Fetcher, and he and Ginger grow closer whilst dancing. During the party, Rocky\'s arm is shown to have healed. Once the pie machine is complete, the Tweedys kidnap Ginger for its first test. Rocky follows Ginger into the machine and eventually rescues her, damaging the machine and giving Rocky and Ginger more time to work on their escape. Fowler, an older cockerel who has been doubting of Rocky\'s acts, gives him his respect for rescuing Ginger and his old Royal Air Force  badge in tribute. Rocky decides to flee the farm the next day, leaving behind Fowler\'s medal and the second half of his poster, showing that he was actually a stunt cockerel, only "flying" by being shot out of a cannon. This revelation outrages the other chickens, and a fight soon breaks out as morale falls. When Fowler arrives to try and restore order, he begins talking of his days in the RAF, leading Ginger to realize that she and the other chickens can build a plane made from Fowler\'s pictures and personal recollections. Supplied by Nick and Fetcher, the chickens race against time to assemble their plane as the Tweedys work to repair the pie machine. The chickens finally finish their plane just as Mr. Tweedy unexpectedly completes all the repairs of the pie machine and enters the coop to grab all the chickens. However, the chickens launch an open revolt, tying up and gagging Mr. Tweedy and readying the plane. As the chickens prepare for take-off, Mr. Tweedy ends up freeing himself and knocks down the ramp used to get the plane airborne. Ginger jumps down while Fowler turns the plane around, which knocks Mr. Tweedy unconscious. As Ginger struggles to lift the ramp, Mrs. Tweedy arrives and attempts to kill Ginger with her used hatchet. However, Rocky, having had a change of heart, jumps over the fence aboard his tricycle and hits Mrs. Tweedy in her face, briefly knocking her senseless. Rocky and Ginger grab onto the string of lights caught on the plane\'s landing gear as the plane takes off, but Mrs. Tweedy soon awakens and also grabs the lights, weighing down the plane. Ginger heads down the string to cut it, but accidentally loses her scissors. Realizing what is the only way left to cut the lights, Ginger manages to trick Mrs. Tweedy into using the hatchet to sever the string, which causes Mrs. Tweedy to fall, crash into the pie machine, and plugging her into the safety valve. This causes the pie machine to build-up pressure and explode in a mushroom cloud of gravy, destroying the barn and covering the entire farm with gravy, leaving only just the barn door standing. The chickens continue to fly to freedom as Mr. Tweedy reminds Mrs. Tweedy: "I told you they was organized". Mr. Tweedy later drops the door on top of Mrs. Tweedy before she can lash out on him. In the epilogue, the chickens find their idyllic setting in a bird sanctuary, where they can live in comfort and raise their new chicks. Rocky and Ginger, having fallen in love with each other, become a couple. Meanwhile, Nick and Fetcher discuss their plans of starting their own chicken farm, so they can have all the eggs they could eat. However, Nick and Fetcher ends up arguing with each other over whether the chicken or the egg came first. Their argument ultimately continues during the closing credits and even involves Rocky breaking it up in a post-credits scene.'] [' In 1911, just two days before the Fourth of July, Lady and Tramp have three polite daughters and a son named Scamp who misbehaves. After chewing Jim Dear\'s favorite hat and causing a mess while chasing after a ball in the house, Scamp is placed outside and chained to a dog house. His parents, Tramp the mutt and Lady the American Cocker Spaniel, are distraught that their son cannot settle down and live in a home. Tramp goes to talk to his son and finds Scamp howling at the moon. The two have a conversation but Scamp stays firm about his desire to be a "wild dog" and Tramp leaves annoyed. While chained up outside, Scamp sees a pack of stray dogs harassing a dogcatcher and becomes intrigued. Scamp manages to break free from the chain and runs off to find the pack. He finds a young member of the pack, Angel, and the two go to the junkyard with the pack of dogs, named the Junkyard Dogs. Scamp attempts to join the Junkyard Dogs right away, but the leader, Buster, gives Scamp a "test" to prove his courage. The test involves stealing a tin can from a large, savage dog named Reggie. Scamp nearly manages to but is instead chased by Reggie. He and Angel manage to evade Reggie and see him caught by the dogcatcher. Buster appears to be impressed. The Junkyard Dogs head to a park where Sparky, one of the Junkyard Dogs, tells a colorful yet highly exaggerated story about Tramp and how he disappeared , a stray dog that the Junkyard Dogs once looked up to. Buster angrily snaps that he did not die heroically; he ran off with Lady to become a house pet. Scamp cannot believe that his father used to be a Junkyard Dog. After Scamp and Angel narrowly escape from a train and fall into a river, the two dogs realize that their friendship has blossomed into love. After a romantic stroll they wind up on the street where Scamp lives where they encounter Scamp\'s family searching for him. When Scamp evades them, Angel is annoyed that he would choose living on the streets over a loving family, as she herself had once been a pet. At an Independence Day picnic, Buster clues in that Scamp is Tramp\'s son, so he tells Scamp to steal a chicken from Scamp\'s family\'s picnic. Scamp, determined to prove that he is a Junkyard Dog, steals the chicken but is chased by Tramp. Tramp confronts his son in an alley and asks him to come home, but Scamp chooses to stay with Buster. Buster is pleased to see Tramp upset. Buster officially declares Scamp a Junkyard Dog by removing Scamp\'s collar. While celebrating becoming a Junkyard Dog, Angel scolds Scamp for what he said to Tramp and reminds him that his family loves him. After Buster asks Scamp that he wants to be a house dog, an annoyed Scamp snaps and accidentally says that Angel wants to be a house dog. Buster kicks Angel out of the Junkyard Dogs and she leaves, upset with Scamp. Buster, still wishing revenge on Tramp, sets up a trap so that Scamp, lacking a collar, gets caught by the dog catcher. Alone, cold, and scared in the back of the dog catcher\'s truck, Scamp suddenly realizes what Tramp was trying to tell him. Feeling remourse and guilt for what he\'s done, he wishes he were home with his family. Angel sees him in the back of the van and goes to tell his family. Meanwhile, Scamp is placed in a cage with Reggie. Tramp, arriving just in time, manages to fight off Reggie and rescue his son. Before they head home, Scamp apologizes to his father for running away and Tramp apologizes for being too harsh with him. They head to the junkyard, where Scamp retrieves his collar. Scamp then traps Buster under piles of junk, but the gang members do not help and instead abandon him, so they can go to find families. The dogs return home, and there is a happy reunion. The family decides to adopt Angel, who is delighted. Scamp and Angel get baths as the film ends. A last view over the city shows that the junkyard dogs have found owners as well.'] ['The movie is set at St. Francis Academy , a fictional all-girls Catholic boarding school in Pennsylvania, operated by an order of nuns. Russell plays the Mother Superior, who spends the movie at odds with Mary Clancy , a rebellious teenager, and her misery-loves-company friend Rachel Devery . The episodic storyline follows the young women through their sophomore, junior and senior high-school years. After spending much of the film resenting the authority of the Mother Superior, Mary receives the "call" senior year and, after graduation, remains at the school in the novitiate of the order.'] ['Devon Werkheiser plays Nolan Byrd, an 8th grader who, along with many other kids, is bullied by Bubba Bixby  When his teacher, Mr. Green  announces that he wants his class to do a multimedia project, Nolan decides to do his project on Bubba. Nolan goes undercover, spies on Bubba, films him bullying kids at his school, and airs it on his new website www.shreddermanrules.com. Nolan takes the name "Shredderman"  because he doesn\'t want anyone to know he was behind this. Bubba gets in trouble with the principal Dr. Voss  after she sees what Bubba has done. Nolan goes to Bubba\'s father. He tapes the evils that faculty do around the school, especially that of Dr. Voss, and they get busted. Nolan soon finds out that Bubba\'s dad,  who is the CEO of a waste management company, proposes an urban renewal project that would in reality allow sewage to be dumped into a local pond. Nolan tries to stop it by putting it on his web site, and word quickly spreads about this. Although some agree with the idea , Nolan and his friends get together and protest. Nolan does research on the construction and tries to see if he can stop it. Meanwhile, Nolan\'s dad , a writer for the newspaper, tries to be the first one to get the story on the construction. Bubba and his dad do bad things and blame Shredderman. Bubba steals Claudette, the guinea pig who belongs to Isabel , Nolan\'s crush. Max , who used to be Nolan\'s best friend, helps Nolan, even though he\'s on Bubba\'s side. They go to the pet shop and retrieve Claudette, who almost gets run over by a sewage truck. The day that the deed is expected to be signed for construction, kids protest. Nolan sneaks into a tree and controls two airplanes and a boat to ruin the signing. The treaty gets blown onto a nearby truss being used as part of the stage, and Bubba\'s dad Bob climbs the truss to retrieve it. Mr. Green and Nolan\'s Dad are there, and Nolan\'s dad is taking all the events down so he can publish this story. When the treaty is retrieved, a small model boat comes by the shore of the pond and Bob\'s voice is heard on it, saying he doesn\'t care about nature or the pond. Dr. Voss tries to stop Nolan, as she is romantically involved with Mr. Bixby, but she gets covered in blue slime. Bob and Bubba are exposed. Bob is arrested and forced to do community service at Nolan\'s school. The principal\'s face is blue because the slime dried and is given a vacation  by her bosses. Nolan\'s dad gets published and goes to Britain to write a bigger story and leaves the family for a small trip. Everyone knows about Shredderman, and everyone wants to meet him, but Nolan doesn\'t tell anyone that he and Shredderman are one and the same child. He goes on with his life like a normal kid. Nolan finally asks out Isabel  on a date, and she accepts. She then reveals her guinea pig, Claudette is pregnant, but still wonders how it had happened. Everything works out in the end. "Nolan" uses his planes to stop Bubba from destroying the Pond.'] ['Stuart and his family  are going camping. When they get there, Stuart meets a skunk named Reeko who is forced to give food to "The Beast". Stuart and George join the "Lake Scouts" which Stuart has trouble in. But Reeko makes a deal with The Beast, resulting in Snowbell getting captured by him and Stuart goes off on an adventure to save him. Eventually, Stuart and his friends trick the Beast into falling into a trap covered with sticks and leaves. The Beast is taken away to a Zoo and Reeko tells Stuart that he  was wrong to betray him. Stuart bids farewell to his friends as he, George, Eleanor, Frederick, Snowbell and Monty head back home.'] ["Benji has become lost in a remote area of Oregon after a boating accident. He finds himself struggling to survive in the wilderness, avoiding close encounters with a timber wolf, a brown bear, and a territorial female cougar with her cub. Benji made friends with other animals including a Great Horned Owl, a deer, a Red Fox and a raccoon. Shortly after washing ashore, Benji sees a cougar gunned down by a hunter. Benji attempts to comfort the dying animal, but he is chased away by the hunter, who then retrieves the dead cat and marches off with it draped over his shoulders. Benji subsequently encounters four orphaned cougar cubs, belonging to the killed cougar, and he attempts to shield them from predation. He finds another mother cougar and spends most of the movie trying to introduce the orphans to the mother so she will adopt them. Meanwhile, Benji's master is searching for him by helicopter and Benji deliberately hides so as not to be prevented from saving the cubs. A black timber wolf, relentlessly pursuing the cubs, is one of the main antagonists and highlights of the film. In one of the film's more tragic scenes, one of the cubs is carried off by a bird of prey. In the final encounter and chase with the wolf, Benji tricks the wolf by hiding in the bushes that shields the cliff behind it and sends the wolf flying off the cliff, becoming the victim of his own misjudgment. Benji ultimately succeeds in having the mother cougar adopt the cubs and in the final scene heads in the direction of the search helicopter to be rescued. Apart from a news report at the beginning of the movie setting up the plot and three short encounters with the hunter, the action is entirely animal activity in the wilderness."] ['Texas cowboy, Lincoln Costain , gets "shanghaied" in San Francisco, then jumps ship and washes ashore on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, right into the arms of widow Henrietta MacAvoy  and her son  who are struggling to make a living as farmers. A lot of wild cattle often trample their crops, so Costain gets the idea to start cattle ranching instead. The Hawaiian farm hands don\'t readily take to the American cowboy culture, and Calvin Bryson , is a banker with eyes to grab Henrietta\'s land and maybe Henrietta herself.'] ['George Henderson  is returning home with his family from a camping trip when they hit something with the family station wagon. George investigates, and discovers to his horror and awe, that they ran over a "Big Foot". Deciding to take the creature home, George does so, strapping it to the roof of the car. Meanwhile, a mysterious hunter has been tracking the creature and discovers the Hendersons license plate, which fell off when they hit the creature. At home, curiosity gets the best of George, and he goes out to the garage to examine the creature. Much to his shock, the creature was not dead and has since disappeared. He hears noises from his kitchen and sees the creature, it has knocked over the fridge in its attempt to find food. After waking the whole house, the family realizes that the creature is friendly and kind. George has a change of heart, at first he wished to make money from the creature, but now decides to take him back to the wild. Naming the creature "Harry", George tries to lure him into the station wagon, but Harry realizes that the Hendersons mean him no harm and instead he disappears. Saddened, the family resume their normal lives, but as the sightings of Harry become more frequent and the media fervor heightens, George decides he needs to find Harry in order to keep him safe. George visits the "North American Museum of Anthropology" to speak with Dr. Wallace Wrightwood an expert on Big Foot, but is disheartened when he realizes its ramshackle state. Giving his number to the clerk inside the Museum , George resumes his search of Harry. The hunter from the woods is revealed to be Jacques LaFleur , once a legendary hunter, he became obsessed with big foot and has hunted for one ever since becoming a laughing stock. LaFleur tracks down the Hendersons, and begins to get closer to finding Harry. After a local sighting, George goes into the city and searches for Harry. As the police, local crazies caught up in "Big Foot Mania" and LaFleur get closer and closer to Harry, George find him and saves him while LaFleur is arrested. George calls Dr. Wallace Wrightwood from the museum and asks to have dinner to speak about big foot. At the Henderson house, George is met by the same museum clerk who is revealed to be Dr. Wrightwood himself, having also become a laughing stock. Dr. Wrightwood tried to tell George and the rest of the family to give up on "Big Foot" as it has destroyed his life and will do so to theirs. His faith is rejuvenated when he meets Harry, and instantly he agrees to take him to safety away from the city. By this time LaFleur has gotten out of jail and heads to the Henderson house. George and co escape the house with Dr. Wrightwood and his old truck. LaFleur gives chase when his truck is disabled, and eventually catches up with the Henderson family. Fleeing to the mountains of Washington state, George tried to make Harry leave, going so far to hit him. But LaFleur catches them and tried to hunt Harry. Through Georges faith and Harrys kindness, LaFleur changes his mind and decides that Harry deserves to live peacefully. As the family says goodbye, George tells him to be safe, to which Harry replies, "Okay," . As Harry leaves, several other Big Feet appear and also disappear in the wilderness with him, much to the amazement of the Hendersons.'] ['Humphrey  and Kate  are two wolves from the same pack in Canada’s Jasper National Park but on opposite ends of the social order. Kate, daughter of the main Alpha male Winston  and his mate Eve , is herself an Alpha and takes her duty to the pack seriously. Humphrey, on the other hand, is an Omega wolf, the lowest of the pack, and spends his days making fun with his other Omega friends. Despite his low rank in the pack, Humphrey falls in love with Kate and is valued in the pack as a peacemaker by virtue of his affable nature. During her youth, Kate left to begin Alpha school with her father. She returns as a fully trained Alpha but on her first hunt , two members of the Eastern pack cross into Western pack territory due to the lack of caribou in their own land. The hunt is ruined and the packs are nearly at war with each other. The two packs have had a bitter rivalry ever since Tony , the Alpha male of the Eastern pack, commanded his wolves to cross over into Western territory  in order to hunt, to prevent their pack from starving. Winston and Tony meet up one night and arrange for Lilly to marry Garth , Tony\'s son. Kate, having a sense of responsibility and duty, wearily agrees for the good of the pack and she meets Garth at the Howling Rock. Garth is also an Alpha and appears perfect at first in every way, until Kate hears his howl. Kate, taken back by Garth\'s terrible howl, leaves the scene to "get water". Humphrey then notices Kate and surprises her. The two then talk about Garth, when suddenly, they get tranquilized by some men in the butts and taken away to Idaho. The two wolves wake up at Sawtooth National Recreation Area and meet a French-Canadian goose named Marcel ([[Larry Miller  who has an avid interest in golf and his caddy, a duck named Paddy . Humphrey and Kate learn that they were relocated to repopulate the species. Kate is horrified by the idea, but Humphrey is more interested. Marcel and Paddy agree to help the wolves return home to Jasper. Trouble brews back at Jasper as the two packs discover that Kate has gone missing. Tony warns Winston that on the next full moon if Kate doesn’t return to marry Garth, he and his pack will declare war for their territory. Lilly , an Omega wolf who is Kate’s younger sister, has a crush on Garth and suggests that she shows him around. After a failed attempt to get home , Kate finds a ravine and attempts to cross it. She slips down the cliff, but Humphrey saves her life. After that the two find a den for the night. The next morning, Marcel and Paddy find the wolves and direct them to a train over a snowy mountain that will take them to Jasper. Climbing the mountain, Humphrey meets a bear cub who is unfamiliar with wolves. When they are playing, the cub gets hurt when a snowball is thrown at him. This angers a trio of bears  who think that Humphrey was trying to harm the cub. When Kate realizes that Humphrey is in danger, she rushes in to help him, causing them to slide down the other side of the mountain. Humphrey saves Kate, and, as the train passes by, the two wolves manage to get into a boxcar just in time. Meanwhile Lilly and Garth are bonding. At the midnight howl, Lilli is not deterred by Garth\'s less than perfect howl and teaches him to howl with his heart. At the same time, Humphrey and Kate begin to howl together as well on the train. Both couples sing in perfect unison. By this time, the full moon has come and the packs declare war against one another. Shortly after, as the train passes by Jasper, Humphrey attempts to tell Kate how he feels about her, but the sight of the packs fighting causes her to jump off the train before he can finish. Kate stops the fight by announcing that she will marry Garth for the good of the packs, much to Humphrey and Lilly\'s dismay. The next day, a heartbroken Humphrey decides to leave Jasper and travel on his own and shares his goodbyes with Kate, Marcel,Paddy, Lilly. Yet Kate feels heartbroken too after realizing how she feels about Humphrey. During the ceremony Kate decides not to marry Garth, declaring her love for Humphrey. Garth declares his own love for Lilly. Winston is confused while Tony is enraged that his son is in love with an Omega, which goes against pack customs. His pack starts to fight the other pack out of anger, but the conflict is cut short when a massive stampede of caribou interrupts the scene. Winston and Tony get caught in the stampede and Kate and Humphrey  rush in to save them. Kate is hit and Humphrey shields her with her body, and Winston and Tony growl at the passing caribou in order to protect Humphrey from getting hit. After the stampede passes, it appears that Kate has been trampled to death. Upon her seemingly apparent death, the wolves of both packs begin to howl in mourning sadness, but she wakes up to the joy and relief of the packs. Now, at long last, Humphrey and Kate reveal their feelings for each other. Winston and Tony then decide to unite the packs and retire. When they wonder what to do, Marcel says, "Gentleman, may I interest you to golf?" and shoots a golf ball at the screen. Later at the Moonlight Howl, all the wolves celebrate the marriages of Kate and Humphrey and Garth and Lilly. The film ends with Humphrey and Kate singing a duet.'] ['In outer space, a United States-owned satellite blows up and one of the last remaining pieces, a beacon, is sent hurdling towards Earth where it lands in Australia, only to be swallowed by a crocodile. Back at the CIA, Agent Buckwhiler and Deputy Director Reynolds reveal that, in the wrong hands, the beacon can change the axis of power in the world, so they send two agents, Robert Wheeler and Vaughn Archer, down to Australia to retrieve the beacon. Department Director Ansell also secretly hires an operative of his own, Jo Buckley, to go and retrieve the beacon before Wheeler and Archer, so Ansell can take Reynolds\' job. In Australia, the crocodile that swallowed the beacon lives in a river next to the house of Brozzie Drewitt, an obnoxious cattle station owner who is taking it in her own hands to kill the crocodile for preying on her cattle. Because of this, the Department of Fauna and Fisheries send one of its workers, Sam Flynn, to Drewitt\'s house. Sam attempts to convince Brozzie to hire some professionals to relocate the animal, instead of having her kill it, which is illegal. Despite Flynn\'s words, Brozzie attempts to kill the crocodile later that night, only to fail. Meanwhile, the Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin and his wife Terri are filming a documentary about the "less-lovable of Australia\'s wildlife" when they are hired to by Flynn to relocate the crocodile that has been bothering Brozzie. Steve successfully gets the crocodile in his boat. Wheeler and Archer are nearby using GPS technology to track the beacon. When the two agents see Steve and Terri zoom past them in their boat with the crocodile who swallowed the beacon on board, they are convinced that the Irwins have the beacon. They call up the CIA, who believe the Irwins plan to use the beacon to pay for a multi-million dollar expansion to Australia Zoo. Steve and Terri board up the crocodile in a crate and put it in the back of the truck to drive to a new river system. Wheeler and Archer follow them from behind in a Jeep, and when Wheeler hops on the top of the Irwins\' truck, Steve believes them to be poachers who are after the crocodile. Steve climbs up on the roof and, after a brief fistfight, manages to knock Wheeler off the truck. When the Irwins reach the river, Steve opens the crocodile\'s crate and discovers that the crocodile had defecated. In the poop, Steve sees a shiny metal object  which he mistakes to be a misproperly discarded children\'s spinning top toy. Steve and Terri successfully get the crocodile in the river, but Wheeler and Archer show up again in a boat, determined to get the beacon. Jo Buckley shows up in an ultralight and throws sticks of dynamite down on Wheeler and Archer\'s boat, destroying it and knocking the two agents in the river. Steve believes that he and Terri are caught up in the middle of a "poacher war" and, not wanting the dynamite to hurt the newly relocated crocodile, gets a rope out of the boat and lassoes the aircraft, causing it to crash in the river and seemingly kill Buckley. It turns out Buckley did indeed survive and she swims to shore to inform Ansell via a phone call that she failed. Ansell informs Buckley that he is currently on the run from the CIA and the police for hiring her for the mission. He is successfully found by police, ending the phone call. Due to Wheeler and Archer\'s failure to retrieve the beacon, the CIA decides that it is time for drastic measures and they call up President George W. Bush in the White House to request permission to use military helicopters to fly to Australia and get the beacon. Steve is ending his documentary by throwing the beacon in the air, when the military helicopters arrive. Steve hands them the beacon revealing that the whole predicament was a misunderstanding, and, in return, the CIA send Wheeler and Archer to work at the zoo as volunteers. Brozzie herself becomes a volunteer as well, for the Department of Fauna and Fisheries.'] ["The film begins in the home of the Newtons, where George, Alice, their three children, and Beethoven are all well adjusted to living together. Early on, Beethoven meets Missy, a female St. Bernard whose owners are attempting to settle a divorce. Regina, who is seeking $50,000 in the settlement, has retained full custody of Missy, planning to transfer her to Brillo, her future ex-husband, once the divorce is finalized. With Beethoven's help, Missy escapes from Regina's condo and the St. Bernards fall in love. Missy has four puppies who are discovered at the same time by Regina and two of the Newton children. Regina reclaims Missy and, angry about the puppies, plans to get rid of them even if it means killing them. The janitor who first found Missy and the puppies suggested that, as the puppies look to be pedigree St. Bernards, Regina might be able to sell the puppies and make a lot of money. Thinking Regina plans to drown the puppies, Ted and Emily carry them home in a box and hide them from George, who they do not think wants four puppies to deal with. Angered by the puppies' disappearance, Regina plans revenge. The three children, Ryce, Ted, and Emily, take it upon themselves to feed and care for the puppies, even getting up in the middle of the night and sneaking out of school to do so. Eventually, George and Alice discover the puppies; George, angry at first, reluctantly agrees to keep the puppies until they are mature. At this point, the puppies are presumably 8–10 weeks old, the children give them the names Chubby, Dolly, Tchaikovsky, and Moe, and George re-experiences the ordeals of dealing with growing dogs. Facing significant financial difficulty, the family is offered a free stay in a lakefront house at the mountains owned by one of George's business associates. Beethoven and the puppies, somewhat calmed down, go along on the family vacation. Ryce attends a party with friends where she is exposed to vices of teen culture such as binge drinking and getting locked in her former boyfriend's bedroom against her will. Beethoven tears the house apart, removing Ryce from potential danger. Regina and her new boyfriend, Floyd, are staying in a location unknown to Brillo, coincidentally near the Newtons' vacation residence. The Newtons go to a county fair with their dogs and the children persuade George to enter a burger eating contest with Beethoven. George and Beethoven win, much to the disappointment of the crowd. By happenstance, Regina and Floyd were at the fair and had left Missy behind in their car. Missy escapes from the car with Beethoven's help while Regina sneaks up behind the children and snatches the four puppies from them. Beethoven and Missy run into the wilderness, followed by Regina and Floyd. The Newtons follow, eventually catching up with Regina, Floyd, Beethoven, Missy, and the puppies. Floyd threatens to drop the puppies in the river below and George says the situation does not have to get ugly. Floyd pokes George in the chest with a stick, but Beethoven charges into the stick, ramming it into Floyd's crotch. He loses his balance, Regina grabs his hand, and they fall over the cliff into a pool of mud, which breaks, thus being swept away in the river. Five months later, Brillo visits the Newtons with Missy who overheard what happened at the mountains, revealing that the judge in the divorce had granted him full custody of her and awarded nothing to Regina after throwing her claim out and she and Floyd are sent to jail for their crimes. The puppies, almost full grown by then, run downstairs to see Missy as the film ends."] ['The film opens in modern Stockholm. Orphaned by his mother\'s death and father\'s disappearance, Bosse  suffers neglect by his guardians Aunt EdnaAunt Edna is named "Edla" in the Swedish film credits.  and Uncle Sixten, as well as abuse from bullies. His best friend is Benke , whose father Bosse envies. Running away one night to seek his own father, Bosse meets the kindly shopkeeper Mrs Lundin , who gives him an apple and asks him to mail a postcard. The postcard is addressed to the Land of Faraway, informing its King of Bosse\'s impending journey there. After Bosse mails the postcard, his apple turns golden. Dropping the transfigured apple in shock, Bosse stumbles upon a genie  trapped in a bottle and frees it. It turns out that this spirit has travelled from the Land of Faraway to seek Bosse, and that the golden apple is Bosse\'s identifying sign. With the boy clinging to his beard, the genie transports Bosse to the Land of Faraway and sets him down on Green Meadow Island. There, Bosse discovers that his real name is Mio, and that his father is the King . Treated with love and indulgence, Mio leads an idyllic life on Green Meadow Island. He receives the horse Miramis as a gift from his father and makes friends with the local children. The latter include the farm boy Jiri, the shepherd boy Nonno, and the royal gardener\'s son Jum-Jum, who turns out to be Benke\'s double. Together, Mio and Jum-Jum learn to play pan flute music from Nonno. However, not all is well. From a whispering well, Mio learns that an iron-clawed knight from the Land Outside, Kato , has been kidnapping children and making them his servants by ripping out their hearts and replacing them with stone. Those who refuse to serve him are transformed into birds and condemned to circle his castle in flight. Even his name induces terror when spoken. With Jum-Jum and Miramis, Mio leaves Green Meadow Island and journeys to the Forest of Mysteries, where he tears his cape on the briars. The Weaver Woman  receives the boys at her house, mending Mio\'s torn cape and sewing a new lining into it. Hearing the Bird of GriefMio and the Weaver Woman refer to the bird as such. The film\'s theme song refers to it as the "Bird of Sorrow". lament for Kato\'s victims, and told that the Weaver Woman\'s daughter Millimani is among them, Mio gradually learns of his long-prophesied destiny to confront Kato in the Land Outside. Journeying to the Land Outside, Mio and Jum-Jum meet Eno , a hungry old man living in a cave, and offer him food. In gratitude, Eno tells them to seek a weapon against Kato from the Forger of Swords, who has been imprisoned and enslaved by Kato in the Blackest Mountain beyond the Dead Forest. Meanwhile, Kato\'s servants capture Miramis. The boys are forced to continue their journey on foot, pursued by Kato\'s servants through the Dead Forest and the Blackest Mountain. Separated in the mountain\'s tunnels, the boys find each other by playing their pan-flutes. They finally reach the Forger of Swords , who tells the boys about Kato\'s stone heart and provides Mio a sword capable of penetrating it. Mio and Jum-Jum journey to Kato\'s castle, where they are captured and imprisoned. Kato throws Mio\'s sword into the lake outside the castle. However, Mio discovers that his newly-lined cape turns him invisible when worn inside-out, and reclaims his sword with the help of Kato\'s birds. Armed and invisible, he escapes and makes his way to Kato\'s chamber, eluding the castle guards. Taking off his cloak, Mio challenges Kato to combat and eventually slays him. Turning into rock, the dead knight crumbles into pieces. Mio picks up Kato\'s stone heart and holds it outside a window, where it transforms into a bird and flies away. Kato\'s birds turn back into children, Jum-Jum and Miramis are freed, and Kato\'s castle collapses into ruin. The Dead Forest begins to revive. Returning to Green Meadow Island, the children rejoin their families, and Mio rejoins his father. On this happy note, the film ends.'] ['The Goonies, a group of friends living in the "Goon Docks" neighborhood of Astoria, Oregon, face foreclosure on their families\' homes from the expanding Astoria Country Club. On one of their last days their morale sinks particularly low due to Mikey\'s older brother having failed his driver\'s license exam, thwarting their plans to "cruise the coast in style" during their "last Goonies weekend." While rummaging through the Walshes\' attic, they find an old newspaper clipping, a Spanish map, and an artifact relating to a rumor of a lost but not forgotten pirate treasure somewhere in the area. Hearing the call of adventure, Mikey tries to persuade his friends to join him in search for the treasure hoarded by a pirate named One-Eyed Willie. Initially reluctant, the group eventually decides to evade the authority of Mikey\'s older brother, Brandon, and escape for one last "Goonie adventure." They then head down the coast and stumble upon a derelict seaside restaurant that seems to match coordinates set by the map and an old doubloon, unaware that the Fratellis, a family of fugitives, are using the restaurant as their hideout. After first encountering the family, the Goonies come back after the Fratellis have left and discover their criminal intents, and send Chunk, the group\'s clumsy, heavy-set dreamer and teller of tall tales, to get help. However, the Fratellis return before they can leave, forcing the Goonies to use a cavern underneath the restaurant to escape. The Fratellis capture Chunk and interrogate him, learning nothing until a pack of bats burst out of the cavern beneath the restaurant. Chunk is placed in the same room with the forsaken and deformed Fratelli brother, Sloth, while the rest of the Fratellis enter the cavern and follow the Goonies\' trail. As the Goonies traverse the cavern, Mikey discovers that it matches up with the map and convinces the rest of the group to continue to follow it to find the treasure. They overcome many deadly traps set by One-Eyed Willie, and eventually arrive at a large underground cavern and a lagoon where Willie\'s ship, the Inferno, lies waiting. While others begin to fill their pockets with the riches on the ship, Mikey finds Willie\'s skeleton, and reverently acknowledges him as the "first Goonie", leaving part of the treasure with him as tribute. However, as the Goonies exit the hold, they are caught by the Fratellis, who take their treasure and force the kids to walk the plank. The Goonies are saved by the timely arrival of Chunk and Sloth, now close friends, who help the rest of the group to shore. With the children no longer a threat, the Fratellis ransack the rest of the ship, including the share of the treasure Mikey left for Willie. This sets off a final booby trap, causing the cave to begin collapsing. The Goonies flee through a hole in the cave, finding themselves on a beach. Two passing policemen spot them and call in for help. The Goonies are soon reunited with their parents while the Fratellis are arrested and Chunk offers to take Sloth into his home. As the Astoria Country Club calls upon Mikey\'s father to sign over the deed to his property, Rosalita, the Walshes\' maid, discovers that Mikey\'s marble bag contains a large handful of jewels taken from the ship. Mikey\'s father quickly estimates that its value is more than enough to save everyone\'s homes. As the families celebrate, they spot the unmanned Inferno, now free of the cave, sailing away.'] ['One night, Littlefoot sees a strangely blue colored meteor falling from the sky and colliding into Threehorn Peak, a volcano in the Smoking Mountain range. When Littlefoot describes it the next morning, most of the adult dinosaurs in the Great Valley disbelieve Littlefoot\'s story. However, two newcomers, the mysterious "Rainbow Faces", speak eloquently of possibilities of wonders beyond what they know. The Rainbow Faces suggest the rock may be a "Stone of Cold Fire", a stone possessing magical properties. Pterano, the devious, sinister and outcast uncle of Littlefoot\'s friend Petrie, overhears the conversation and conspires to use the rock to take control of the Great Valley. Pterano asks Petrie, who idolizes him, for the location of the rock and is told it has landed on Threehorn Peak. Littlefoot\'s friend Ducky overhears Pterano\'s plan, but Pterano and his cronies, Rinkus and Sierra, abduct her before she can warn the others. They take her along as they set out to find the Stone of Cold Fire. The other dinosaurs discover Ducky\'s kidnapping. The adults tell the young ones that Pterano had been made an outcast due to his carelessness after self-appointing himself leader of a group of dinosaurs; while searching for the Great Valley after an earthquake Pterano was overconfident and led his followers directly into a pack of small, albino Sharpteeth. Pterano, a Pteranodon like Petrie, was able to fly away, although the event left him heart-broken. He ended up expelled from the herd as punishment for abandoning his followers. Because the adults are slow to reach decision, Littlefoot, Petrie, and their friends Cera and Spike take off by themselves in search of Ducky, who, meanwhile, falls through the floor into a cave while running from the flyers. After they find her, Ducky comforts Petrie, who is distraught about his uncle\'s actions, by stating that Pterano is the least wicked of the three Flyers, and that the potential for goodness still lives in him. Meanwhile, Sierra is showing mutionous feelings towards Pterano, and Rinkus convinces him to betray Pterano once they find the stone. The young ones pursue the Flyers, hoping to reach the Stone of Cold Fire before them. Aided by the Rainbow Faces, who suddenly appear and offer their knowledge of volcanos, the young ones manage to arrive at Threehorn Peak before the Flyers. They discover that the Stone is an ordinary meteorite. Lamenting over this realization, Pterano states that he had meant to create a paradise with the power of the stone, not realizing that this paradise already exists in the form of the Great Valley. Rinkus and Sierra have now discarded him and are attempting to get the stone to give them power. The volcano begins to erupt. In the nick of time Petrie\'s mother arrives with a friend to evacuate the young dinosaurs, leaving Rinkus and Sierra behind where they are caught in the explosion of the Stone. Pterano is thanked for saving Ducky but as punishment for his plan Pterano is exiled from the Great Valley and into the Mysterious Beyond for five years. Petrie pleads against the punishment. However, Pterano explains to him that everyone, including himself, must take responsibility for their own actions. That night, Littlefoot finds the Rainbow Faces and asks them when they are leaving. A meteor flies overhead, and the female comments, "Any time now". Littlefoot, somewhat unnerved, asks the Rainbow Faces whether the Stone of Cold Fire is actually real. The male Rainbow Face admits the stone does not exist, but explains that the young ones\' effort to search for it was what really mattered. The Rainbow Faces reiterate their claim that there are many unknowns to be discovered "beyond the Mysterious Beyond". Littlefoot is momentarily distracted, and when he turns around, he finds a pillar of light where the Rainbow Faces stood. The light disappears, and a light flies across the sky before changing its course, flying upward and off into the night. Littlefoot\'s friends find him and Littlefoot, inspired by the Rainbow Faces, reflects that there are many unknowns and that such unknowns make life wonderful.'] ['On the night of Elephantland\'s Victory Parade, Babar tells to his four children the story of his first days as King of the Elephants. His first order of business, he is told by his two counselors, is to choose a name for Elephantland\'s Annual Parade. Babar promptly selects one, but is informed by the bureaucratic-minded lords that the matter must be thoroughly examined by committee. Babar\'s cousin, Celeste, then interrupts to tell Babar that her home has been attacked by Rataxes, the rhinoceros lord, and his horde. The chancellors scoff and rubuff her, but Babar orders an elephant army to be called up immediately to defeat the rhinos, if partly because he wants to impress his cousin  But, due to the heel-dragging of his ultra-conservative ministers, Babar learns that the muster will take at least three days. Not willing to wait any longer, Babar tells his cousin Arthur, Celeste\'s brother, to take care of his job as King while he ventures off on his own to help their mother, amid dangerous jungle. He finds Celeste\'s village aflame; the rhinos are taking the adult elephants as slaves so that they can work on building a rhino city. Babar tries to intervene, but is knocked senseless for his trouble. When he comes to, Babar rescues Celeste out of the town well, and they set off to rescue the latter\'s mother, and the other pachyderms, from Rataxes\' wrath. Along the way, they meet a monkey named Zephir, who gives them the location of the rhinos\' base. The two come face to face with Rataxes himself, who plans to invade Babar\'s kingdom by twilight, and are put in jail, but they both escape along with Zephir, and race back to Elephantland to save it. Heading into the rhinos\' tents, they disguise themselves as one of the warriors, asking for "special detail" of their plans for attack, but to no avail. They get away from Rataxes quickly, launching from a catapult and landing in a fountain, much to the surprise of Babar\'s advisors. The evil rhino proclaims Elephantland will be destroyed in an hour, absent unconditional surrender. To buy time, Babar orders the two ministers to distract Rataxes with their "committee" procedure. The elephant army takes some action into their hands, and a giant elephant float, built by Babar and company, scares off Rataxes\' soldiers. At sunrise, the young King\'s friends congratulate him on saving the day and his town, but are surprised to learn that their very first Victory Parade will be held during the afternoon. It has gone by that name ever since, the older Babar recalls, because the committee could not find any other name for it. As Babar finishes his tale, he finds that his children have all gone to sleep. Right after he closes the door, they re-enact scenes from the story, until their father tells them to get back to bed.'] ['John  and Julie  are two children who personally want to see the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in spite of the fact that their parents have no intention of going. The two decide to run off to London when left alone. Along their way, they encounter different quirky and eccentric people.'] ['{{plot}} Bob the Tomato is driving Dad Asparagus and some of the Veggie children to see the popular singer "Twippo" in concert. Meanwhile, Laura Carrot is taunting the other children because she won a backstage pass. Dad Asparagus accidentally hits Bob with the steering wheel. The vehicle\'s front tires are shot out flat by a porcupine and it goes careening down a hill and hits a stump just short of a river as Laura loses her backstage pass. They take refuge in a nearby fancy, French, seafood restaurant. Bob blames Dad Asparagus for crashing the car, and Junior blames Laura. Junior, sitting at a table alone is met by the Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything. The Pirates say he was tough on his friend and encourage him to show some compassion. To illustrate, they begin to tell all the Veggies a story. Jonah  is a Prophet. One day, God asks him to leave Israel and deliver a message to Nineveh, a rough and dangerous city in Assyria. Jonah panics and tries to flee from the Lord. He goes to his travel agent, Angus , who tells him that the farthest he can get from Nineveh is Tarshish. When he spies the Pirates\' ship docked in the harbor, he asks them to take him to Tarshish. They resist, but Jonah convinces them by paying them. On the way to Tarshish, a guilt-stricken Jonah goes below deck to rest. There, he meets Khalil the Caterpillar, a traveling Persian rug salesman, who rants about how great Jonah is. Jonah finds the ship beset by a great storm. Captain Pa Grape concludes that the storm has been sent because God is angry at someone on the ship. They all play Go Fish to determine who it is. Jonah loses the game, admitting he is running from God, and is forced to walk the plank. Luckily, First Mate Lunt has an outboard motor, which they can use to return to Joppa. Unfortunately, Khalil accidentally destroys it. With Jonah off the ship, the skies clear immediately. The Pirates attempt to reel him back in, but a whale swallows Jonah. The whale also swallows the lifebelt attached to Jonah. The Pirates fire the cannon at the whale but are forced to use a bowling ball as ammo. The whale surfaces and swallows the ball with Khalil inside. Inside the belly of the whale, Jonah is visited by a host of God\'s messengers. They explain through a rousing number that if Jonah repents then God will grant him a second chance too. He and Khalil are spit up onto the shore. After being denied entrance to the city, the Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything appear, who have gained notoriety from the people of Ninevah for winning the sweepstakes. They sneak Jonah into the city disguised as winners of the sweepstakes, thought they are all promptly arrested for the theft of Cheese Twists. After sentenced to death by "the Fish Slap of No Return", they are granted an audience with King Twistomer . When King Twistomer hears that Jonah has survived in the belly of a whale, he listens to his message. Jonah delivers the message given to him by God. He tells them they should repent and amend their ways, or Nineveh will be destroyed. King Twistomer and the Ninevites quickly repent. Jonah waits from a distance. Khalil is disappointed in Jonah, and tries to explain to him that God is compassionate and merciful. But Jonah, feeling pathetic and self-important, can\'t accept that. The story ends with Khalil and Jonah\'s camel Reginald leaving Jonah on a cliff overlooking the city. Back in the present day, the Veggies understand the point of the story. Bob forgives Dad Asparagus and Junior gives his Twippo ticket to Laura. Twippo  appears in the restaurant unexpectedly and the film ends with a grand musical number. Prior to the credits, a tow truck driver, who looks and sounds remarkably like Khalil, walks into the restaurant. This makes him somewhat recognizable to Twippo.'] ['Rob, the owner of the appliances and whom they refer to as "the master", is working in a laboratory where he tends to injured animals. While working on a thesis the computer crashes, thanks to a terrible computer virus from Wittgenstein, an old TLW-728 supercomputer. The appliances, along with the rat Ratso who found Wittgenstein, then seek to help Rob by finding Wittgenstein to reverse the effects of his virus, hence recovering the master\'s thesis. Meanwhile, in a dual plot of the film, Mack, Rob\'s lab assistant, plots to sell the injured animals Rob had been tending, to a place called "Tartaras Laboratories", the same place that skinned Sebastian  \'s hand when he was just a baby. When the appliances find Wittgenstein, they discover him abandoned, all alone and run-down and broken in the basement. The miserable supercomputer reveals that he is living on one rare tube, named the "WFC 11-12-55". The appliances learn that unless they find a replacement quickly, Wittgenstein\'s tube will blow and lead to his apparent death. In an attempt to revive Wittgenstein to his superior state, Radio and Ratso go to the college\'s storage building to find the hard-to-find WFC 11-12-55 tube. When they come back with the last apparent tube for miles, Radio and Ratso  accidentally breaks it, and it seems that all hope is lost. Wittgenstein does his best with all his might, but he blows his tube with a big explosion and apparently "is a goner". Ratso then blames Radio, which causes Radio himself to suicidly give up his own tube which turns out to be the very rare tube they had been looking for, thus leaving himself as a lifeless appliance. Apparently, the appliances replaced the tube in the nick of time; with the boosted power of the new tube, Wittgenstein wakes up, miraculously regenerates the other smashed tubes connected to himself and is completely revived to as good as new. By the end of the film, the appliances restore Rob\'s thesis and stop Mack from selling the injured animals, Radio\'s tube is replaced with a new one  and all is well.'] ['The story starts off in New York setting sometime after the first movie, presumably between 1886 and 1889, and has Fievel recalling a strange dream in which he and his family went west . Fievel and Tony discover that an ancient treasure lies underneath Manhattan when snooping around an abandoned subway  and stumbling upon the remains of a dead mouse clutching a treasure map, deciding they must find it with the help of an archaeologist Tony knows: Dr. Dithering, along with fighting five villains as well. The movie focuses on the relationship between the over-exploited workers of a sweatshop  and the factory\'s rich owners: Mr. Grasping , Toplofty  and O\'Bloat . It also focuses on the plight of the Native Americans in the United States. The treasure under Manhattan turns out to be a group of Lenape mice living a long distance beneath the surface  that decided to hide when they saw how the first Europeans only brought war and disease with them and didn\'t want to wait for the European mice to do the same to them. An emotional scene ensues when Fievel must struggle with how cruel his own people the Europeans were  to the natives of America. The sachem decides to send his daughter, Cholena, to the surface to see if they have "changed their ways." Upon their return, Scuttlebutt   reports to the villains unbeknownst to the rest of the members of the expedition, who then decide to use this to their advantage. They tell all the workers of the sweatshop about Cholena  and that she is their enemy. The mouse NYPD Chief, McBrusque  and Scuttlebutt engage in a bout of police brutality, burning down "every mouse house and rat hole" until they find her. After the angry mouse mob try to capture Cholena and anyone else involved with her, Fievel and his friends decide to take Cholena back underground, but the police find out and go after them. Meanwhile, everyone finds out about Dr. Dithering\'s friendship with the Indian and take him to the butcher shop for his punishment. Papa tells everyone about how madness like this is why they all left for America and should work together to become friends with those different from them as the fellow Americans they are. Tiger saves Dr. Dithering from the villains, who escape and order McBrusque and his men to find and murder the Native Americans. Upon returning Cholena to her home and telling the chief what is happening. McBrusque, Scuttlebutt, and the other police officers show up to the village until the Chief, the Native Americans, Fievel and his friends drive the villains away. The chief gives them a gun powder bomb to collapse the tunnel connecting the Native Americans to the outside world. But before they can do so, they are ambushed by the enraged McBrusque and Scuttlebutt who attempt to kill the kids once and for all, but the two crooks are overpowered and Fievel manages to set of the bomb. This floods the tunnel, together with the evil McBrusque and Scuttlebutt as they fall into the chasm to their deaths. Tony and Tanya managed to reach higher ground, but Fievel was carried off by the current. When the water recedes Tanya and Tony desperately search through the mud to find him, before giving up. But just then, Fievel breaks through the surface, and they all three share a muddy group hug, thankful that everyone survived. The movie ends with Fievel\'s papa forming a worker\'s union and the villains agreeing amongst themselves to negotiate "with that riff-raff" because otherwise, they\'ll go on strike and make them go bankrupt while Tiger the cat, who is now the new police chief, watches them. The last scene is Fievel seeing, through a foldable telescope, Cholena and her father disappearing into a hidden door at the foot of a statue, which pleases Fievel.'] ["During the 1940 London Blitz, a family of three siblings, Charlie, Carrie and Paul Rawlins, are evacuated to the small village of Pepperinge Eye. There, they are placed in the care of Eglantine Price, who reluctantly accepts the trio into her home. The children learn that Miss Price is an apprentice witch, who wants to use her witchcraft to aid the war effort. In exchange for their silence, Miss Price casts a spell on a bedknob that Paul removed from a brass bed in their room. When re-attached to the bed, it will travel anywhere that Paul asks. The next day, Miss Price receives a letter from the headteacher of her correspondence school informing her he is closing the college due to the war and cannot provide her with a crucial spell she has been waiting for to help her cause. As a result, she asks Paul if she can use the bed to go to London to track him down. Reaching London, the four quickly encounter the headmaster, Emelius Browne, who is in reality a con artist. Browne is surprised to learn that the spells he thought were merely nonsense words out of an old book actually work for Miss Price. Miss Price asks to see the book, and Emelius takes the group to a mansion where he is currently residing . While the children explore the home, Browne shows Miss Price the book, which is actually torn in half, thus explaining why he closed the college before sending out the final spell. Browne and Miss Price travel to Portobello Road with the children to search its many stalls and carts of old books. Their search attracts the attention of a spiv named Swinburne, who works for a man known as the Bookman, who has the other half of the book. Miss Price and the Bookman exchange their halves, but the completed text doesn't actually contain the spell itself but simply states that it is inscribed on a medallion known as the Star of Astoroth. Bookman tells the group that, during Astoroth's life, the wizard used his magic to imbue animals that he kept in cages and chains, with anthropomorphism. However, the animals rebelled, killed Astoroth, stole many of his possessions, sailed away on ship and were never seen or heard of again. But Bookman mentions that his half of the book has a final notation that says in the 17th century, a shipwrecked lascar was found lost at sea. The lascar was half crazy with thirst and sun exposure but swore that he saw an island ruled by animals. But Bookman says the island doesn't exist because he looked for it in every chart. When Bookman names the island, Paul realizes it's the island described in a children's book he took from Browne's house. Before Bookman can get the book, Miss Price, Browne and the children escape on the magical bed and travel to the island, Naboombu. Initially landing in a nearby lagoon, the group is caught by a bear that is fishing in the lagoon. The bear reveals that no people are meant to be on the island by order of the king. The bear leads the party to meet the island's king, a lion. The king is upset because nobody has volunteered to referee a royal soccer match. Browne convinces the king he can referee the match, and he observes the Star of Astoroth hanging on the king's neck while being trampled upon several times by the wild animals. Following the game, Mr. Browne secretly switches the Star with his referee's whistle and the group escapes on the magical bed. Upon returning home, Miss Price discovers that the Star has disappeared, as it cannot leave the fantasy world. Fortunately, Paul reveals that the words of the “substitutiary locomotion” spell have been in his book all along. Miss Price attempts the spell, which gives inanimate objects the ability to move on their own, but is unable to control it. Later, when Miss Price and the children are informed that they can be relocated, they realize they have become comfortable with each other. However Paul refers to Mr Browne as 'Dad' which quickly makes him and Miss Price uneasy. Mr Browne decides to take the first train back to London, and he bids a sad goodbye to the children as Miss Price warmly thanks him for all his help. At the station, learning that there won't be any trains until the morning, Mr. Browne decides to sleep on the bench but feels guilty for leaving the family. That night, a German raiding party invades Pepperinge Eye and commandeers Miss Price's house. She and the children are captured and taken to the village museum, inside an old castle. Mr. Browne discovers other Germans engaging in acts of sabotage. He returns to Miss Price's home and breaks into her workshop. The Germans hear the noise but Browne uses a spell to turn himself into a rabbit. He then joins group at the castle. After reverting to human form, Mr Browne suggests the substitutiary locomotion spell be cast on the old uniforms and weapons in the castle. Miss Price agrees and uses the spell to create a magical army of medieval knights, Elizabethan Guards, Cavaliers, Redcoats, and Highlanders. The Germans, unable to stop the seemingly invincible army, retreat back into the sea but not before destroying Miss Price's workshop. The explosion knocks her from the sky, where she had been directing the magical attack astride a flying broomstick. This breaks the spell. Miss Price accepts that this is the end of her days as a witch, but is happy she got to make a small contribution to the war effort. The next morning, Mr. Browne enlists and departs (with an escort from the local [[Home Guard  but promises to return. Charlie bemoans that their adventures are over, only for Paul to reveal he still has the magical bedknob, implying that they can at least go anywhere they like."] [" The film opens with a montage of scenes reflecting work at Slate & Co., with dinosaurs using rocks for quarry mines. Cliff Vandercave , the executive vice president of industrial procurement of the company, explains to his co-worker Sharon Stone  that he will swindle the company and flee with its fortune, and suggests Fred Flintstone  to help carry out his plans, which leads into a montage of the opening credits of The Flintstones. While Fred leaves work for the day, Barney Rubble  is overjoyed that he is about to become a father because Fred loaned him money so he could adopt a child. After returning home, Fred is questioned by his wife, Wilma  about missing money from the bank account and confesses that he loaned the money to Barney so he and his wife, Betty  could adopt a child. After adopting a cave boy named Bamm-Bamm, Barney appreciates what Fred did for him and is determined to pay him back. While taking the exams, Fred fails it, and is disappointed since he will not be able to give Wilma the wealthy life she used to have. To pay him back for giving him the money to adopt Bamm-Bamm, Barney  swaps his with Fred's and Fred is promoted to Vice President. On Fred's first day as an executive, Cliff brings him to his new office. Cliff also has Stone appointed as his secretary knowing that Fred's attraction to her will lead him astray to the plot. Cliff has Fred fire Barney because of his exam score, but does his best to help Barney afterward with financial problems. Cliff proposes a new machine that will do all of the quarry work and increase the company's income. Fred is concerned about the operators losing their jobs. Cliff plans to have a fake version of the machine built and flee with the money gained from the machine, and frame Fred for it. Fred nearly figures out about Cliff's plan, so Stone aggressively seduces him and Fred finally gives in to his desires, but is interrupted by Wilma. The Rubbles move into the Flintstones' house, causing tension between the Flintstones and the Rubbles, while the Flintstones' wealth increases. While out at a restaurant, Barney, now working as a busboy, sees on the news that Fred has fired all of the quarry operators. He confronts him about it, and their argument leads to Barney revealing that he switched their tests. The Rubbles move out of the house and Wilma abandons Fred. Fred eventually realizes Cliff's plan and is chased by an angry mob of the unemployed quarry operators. They eventually catch Fred and attempt to lynch him and Barney once they find out it was because of him that Fred was promoted to the job. Fred and Barney reconcile while Wilma, Betty and the office dictabird arrive at the scene to explain the crime to the mob. Meanwhile, Cliff kidnaps Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm and lures Fred and Barney into a trap. Cliff attempts to kill the dictabird, but is knocked out by Stone, who had realized Cliff's eventual betrayal. While Barney rescues the kids, Fred uses the catapult to destroy Cliff's machine, causing Cliff to be trapped in a mixture of water and crushed rocks. Stone is arrested, but Fred agrees to vouch for her. Mr. Slate  proclaims his love of the substance that Cliff was trapped in, deciding to name it after his daughter Concretia, and declares the Stone Age over with its creation. Slate offers Fred the presidency of a new division in the company, but Fred turns it down in exchange for his old job back, Slate rehiring all the workers, and adding a few other improvements to the workplace he had originally desired as an executive. The film ends with a live action montage of the animated series' end credits."] ['The story begins with several odd occurrences at the farm where the Black, Alec , and his mother  live. A suspicious barn fire is followed by the theft of the horse. From the point of view of Ishak , the sheik who took him, this is property retrieval; the horse was originally his, and the Black\'s name is Shetan. Although he learns that the horse is being returned to the sheik\'s kingdom in the Moroccan desert, Alec goes after the sheik, stowing away in a plane to Casablanca. In Morocco, after being found on the plane, Alec is taken to the American embassy, where the police plan on sending him home. At the stables, he makes some friends who disguise him as a local Casablancan. They take him to a man named Kurr , who is very interested in the horse and the sheik, and allows Alec to go with him and his companion. But after getting a flat tire, they abandon Alec in the desert. He is found by the driver of another truck and given a ride. Aboard the truck, he meets Raj , who tells him the Black will probably compete in "The Great Race." The two become friends and travel across the desert on foot with Meslar , Raj\'s friend and mentor. Then a rogue tribe kidnaps Meslar, and Raj and Alec defend themselves against the harsh elements. After running out of water, they collapse from dehydration but recover when they find a river. Raj\'s tribe discovers them, welcoming Raj home and Alec to the tribe. Raj takes Alec to the outskirts of Ishak\'s home, and he reunites with the Black. While attempting to retrieve the horse, Alec is apprehended by Ishak\'s men. He pleads his case to Ishak, who is sympathetic but will not give up the horse. He plans to race the Black in the "Great Race" with his granddaughter Tabari  as jockey. Alec insists the Black can win the race only if he, not Tabari, rides him. Denied the position, he coaches Tabari on riding the horse, but the Black throws her off. A rogue tribe led by Kurr then captures the Black and Alec and takes them away. Later, Alec escapes with the Black. As they flee, Alec discovers that Meslar is alive and being held prisoner. He gives Meslar his pocket knife to help him get free of his bonds. Alec and the Black escape and go back to Ishak\'s home. As a reward for the safe return of the horse, Alec is allowed to ride him in the race. On the day of the race, Alec reunites with Raj, who is also competing, and they begin their run across the desert along with the other riders. The rogue tribe\'s rider tries to kill Alec, but he and the Black escape. Alec discovers that the rogue rider pushed Raj off his horse, and he brings Raj\'s mount back to him. They race against the rogue rider until Meslar appears and spooks the rider\'s horse, unseating him. Suddenly, Kurr shows up in his truck and chases Raj and Alec, shooting at them. However, he takes a wrong turn and the truck crashes into a ditch. Alec wins the race, then pleads with Ishak to allow Raj to keep the horse that he rode, despite the condition that the winning rider\'s sheik is allowed to keep any horses that he wants. Ishak grants the reprieve, which allows Alec to repay Raj for his kindness. Meslar returns with Kurr, his riding companion, and the rogue rider as his prisoners, and they are taken to face judgement. Although Ishak gives the Black back to Alec, he decides to leave him in Morocco, where he feels he is more at home.'] ['{{unclear}} The Little Vampire is based on a young boy named Tony Thompson  who travels from California to Scotland. Tony is an only child, and he has no friends and is often bullied at school by his two male classmates who happen to be the grandsons of his father\'s boss. It seems as though he has suffered his first year at his new school. However, he starts to have recurring nightmares about vampires. Tony\'s life starts to get interesting; he meets a young vampire named Rudolph , who soon becomes his best friend, after the go over saving each others life. Rudolph\'s siblings are Anna  who develops a crush on Tony, and Gregory . Rudolph\'s family have been looking for a mystical stone to turn them human, but something gets in their way; an evil vampire hunter named Rookery . He wants the stone to send all the vampires to hell. After searching for the stone in many places, including the tomb of two vampires that last owned the stone, a vision occurred to Tony. The vision was the stone in his room. the stone is buried under the floorboards and is the reason for Tony\'s constant nightmares. Tony is captured by Rookery, but with the help of Rudolph, Tony is safe. They return to the cliffs were the vampires gather to the sound of "the call" . A battle ensues, Rookery comes up hanging with a rope on Tony\'s father Bob\'s  blip. Rookery is murdered by Tony\'s father, who pushes him off the cliff to his death. Tony turns all the vampires back to human. While Rudolph and his family moved into a house near the Halloween Festival where Tony and his parents attend, Tony later reunites with Rudolph and Anna when Tony performs the mystical whistle Anna had taught him earlier.'] ['While trying to find somebody to play with, Tigger gleefully bounces around the Hundred Acre Wood, disrupting his friends\' attempts to prepare for the winter and accidentally causing a huge rock to fall on Eeyore\'s house. Rabbit leads the others in trying to remove it with an elaborate pulley system but Tigger intervenes, knocking the rock away with his Whoopty-Dooper-Loopty-Looper-Alley-Ooper bounce and getting everyone covered in mud and Rabbit becomes mad at him for ruining everything because of his habit of bouncing. Feeling alone, Tigger sulks on a bridge and Roo, trying to cheer him up, asks if there are other Tiggers. Fascinated by the idea, Tigger talks to Owl, who explains about family trees. Tigger, taking this literally, heads out to find a huge stripey tree and, after not finding one, instead writes a letter to his family. No reply comes and Tigger feels more alone then ever. That night, the first night of winter, everybody else gathers at Piglet\'s house. Feeling sorry for Tigger, Roo announces that they should write a letter to him. Everyone adds a bit of friendly advice before signing "your family" at the bottom of the page. Roo then slips the letter into Tigger\'s letter box. The next day, everybody is woken by Tigger, who brandishes the letter. He shouts joyfully that his family has written to him and also that they are coming to visit the next evening. They are all shocked, as they had never written down anything that even resembles that; nevertheless, Tigger replies that he always reads between the lines. Later, Roo gathers Pooh, Piglet, Owl, and Eeyore over to his home. He and his mother Kanga say they are going to charade as fellow Tiggers to attend the party and make Tigger feel loved. They are halfway through making the costumes when Rabbit bursts through the door, telling them that they should be gathering supplies  for the impending snowstorm. Meanwhile, Tigger is preparing for his party when somebody rings the doorbell. He opens the door to reveal a large number of Tiggers who claim to be his family. A party ensues with drinks, dance and games, and all the while Tigger falls for it. Yet when Roo attempts the Whoopty-Dooper Loopty-Looper Ally-Ooper Bounce and his mask falls off, the others reveal themselves as Tigger\'s friends. Tigger is dejected and angry after realizing that he is the one and only Tigger in the Hundred Acre Wood and that his friends lied to him and leaves, saying "TTFE, Ta-ta forever!!" He hikes through the snow until he finds a large tree on the cliff side which matches the description he gave of his family tree . He bounces across the branches and finds nothing, so he sits there, heartbroken. Meanwhile, Pooh, Roo, Piglet, and Eeyore mount an expedition to find Tigger. They ask Rabbit to lead them, who initially refuses, but reluctantly agrees after seeing how much they miss their friend, especially Roo. When they find him, they tell him to return home, with Rabbit saying he should "Forget about all this other Tiggers nonsense". Tigger is greatly offended by this and angrily refuses, but when a sudden avalanche caused by his irate shouting occurs, he pulls them all out of trouble. Unfortunately, Tigger himself is still caught in the avalanche. Roo remembers the Whoopty-Dooper Loopty Looper Ally-Ooper bounce and travels down through the rock and snow to Tigger and wakes him from unconsciousness. To get out of the avalanche, they perform the signature bounce together. When everyone tells Christopher Robin why Tigger left, Christopher tells Tigger he did not have to leave to find his family. Tigger objects and reaches for his letter that, until recently, he thought to be from his family, but finds it missing. It is not until Owl, Kanga, Roo, Eeyore, Pooh, and Piglet recite the letter for him that he realizes that they sent the letter, not his family. Hearing this, Tigger finally comes to realize what was true all along, that his family is right here and always has been: his friends. Once they return home, Tigger gives everyone gifts: Eeyore gets a new house , Pooh gets lots of Honey, Piglet gets a stack of firewood, and Rabbit is promised that he will watch where he\'s going. Lastly, he gives Roo his heart pendant, but it is still empty. Christopher Robin remedies this by taking a picture of Tigger\'s "family".'] ['Littlefoot\'s grandfather one night tells the children a story about "The Lone Dinosaur" , a legendary longneck who once protected the Great Valley from the most ferocious sharptooth ever to live. A fight ensued, which led to the Sharptooth\'s death. However, the sharptooth left "The Lone Dinosaur" with a scar slashed across his right eye. Soon after the battle, a huge monolith that resembled a proud sauropod, having life-sized Sharptooth teeth arranged around his neck, came out of the ground during an earthquake. The dinosaurs called it "Saurus Rock". The legend also states that if anyone damages the monolith, bad luck would descend upon the valley. A few days later when the kids are playing, Littlefoot accidentally falls off a cliff. Just before he hits the ground, a gruff Diplodocus rescues him. This longneck introduces himself only as "Doc" and gives no knowledge of his history. Littlefoot is intrigued by this newcomer, who is scarred across one eye and displays prior knowledge of the Great Valley\'s topography. For the preceding reasons, Littlefoot assumes that Doc is the Lone Dinosaur. He tells his friends this, narrating an apparently extemporaneous legend to support his assumption. Inspired, Cera\'s infant nieces, the twins Dinah and Dana, go to Saurus Rock without anyone noticing. Later when the friends are playing, they notice that Dinah and Dana are missing. Recalling their talk of the day before, they go to Saurus Rock to find them. When they finally reach Saurus Rock, they see Dinah and Dana on the top. As they climb up to rescue them, Dinah and Dana fall off the top and land on Cera, causing the life-sized stone tooth on which she is standing to break off. As they walk home, an odd-looking Sharptooth chases them. As they are being pursued, they cross a gorge via a suspended log, and as the Sharptooth follows them, he throws the log over the ravine. They start to get out, with no sign of the Sharptooth yet, until Spike gets stuck in a gap in the log. When he gets out, the Sharptooth breaks the log and falls into the ravine below. When they get home, Cera is confronted by her father, who scolds her for losing the twins. Over the next few days, ill fortunes plague the valley. First Ducky and Spike are attacked and stung by wasps. Then the watering hole drys up. Then a tornado hits the valley. The adults blame Doc, in whose wake the misfortunes have apparently come, while Littlefoot blames himself and his friends, recalling the breaking of Saurus Rock. Eager to prove himself a solitary hero so Doc can stay, Littlefoot attempts alone to take one of the supposedly dead Sharptooth\'s teeth to replace the broken stone. He discovers, as he attempts to extract the tooth, that the Sharptooth is still alive. While he is running, he crawls between a large boulder that the Sharptooth is trying to break through, and Littlefoot is confronted by another sharptooth, resembling the one from the story, and it almost has him. Just as the new Sharptooth is near to him, he is rescued by his grandfather, who tells him to run as he finds his friends who lead his grandfather there. The new Sharptooth is then joined by the original, who broke through the boulder and are working together to take down his grandfather. One of the Sharptooths\' leg is suddenly grabbed and pulled down by Doc\'s tail, who helps his grandfather. The two Sharpteeth try to make a clear shot together, but hit the rock tower instead. The two elders then combine their efforts and imprison the Sharpteeth by tearing down the rock tower. The children cheer as the sharpteeth have been defeated and have a tooth for Saurus Rock. Littlefoot and his friends then complete Littlefoot\'s self-assigned mission. Doc departs, remarking as he goes that Littlefoot already has a hero on whom to depend, referring to Littlefoot\'s grandfather, as Littlefoot glances back at his grandfather carrying his friends to the neck of Saurus Rock. He then glances back at Doc, who is already almost out of sight, and then runs back to his grandfather. He asks his grandfather how the new tooth looked, His grandfather replies positively and Littlefoot wonders if the bad luck will finally be over. His grandfather starts to remind him, and Littlefoot finishes it for him, that there is no such thing as bad luck, but that there is no harm in making sure. Littlefoot and Cera later build a legend of their own based on this new paradigm, portraying Grandpa Longneck as a savior.'] ['In the opening scene, Scrat, the saber-toothed squirrel climbs a glacier to bury his acorn, but accidentally opens a hole in it, causing water to spurt out. The world of ice is slowly melting. The creatures of the Ice Age are all shown enjoying themselves on slides and pools made by the melting ice; among them the three protagonists of the first film: Manny, Sid, and Diego. Sid opens a small day camp, where none of the younger creatures take him seriously, nor do Manny and Diego, which leaves Sid seeking a daring deed. Fast Tony, a local con artist is claiming that the earth will flood and that the bark and reeds which he sells are needed to stay alive. Manny dismisses the idea, but is distracted when he sees that Sid will try to high dive from a giant waterfall; as Manny goes with Diego to the top of the waterfall to save Sid from his act of daredevilry, they see that the pleasant weather has caused the ice shelves to melt, and it is kept from destroying the valley only by the glaciers, which have formed a dam. A lone vulture warns the animals that a giant tree can act as a boat and save them if they make it to the end of the valley within three days time, and all soon set out to find it. As the animals begin their journey, Sid sings three songs to tease Manny about Mammoths being "extinct". During the evacuation, a glacier which contains two sea reptiles from the Mesozoic era, Cretaceous and Maelstrom, breaks off. When Manny briefly is separated from them, Diego and Sid encounter two mischievous opossums named Crash and Eddie who drive them nuts by playing whack-a-mole with them. Manny is teased about being the last mammoth alive, but is surprised when he encounters Ellie, a female mammoth who believes she is an opossum and Crash and Eddie\'s sister. Sid invites her to tag along with the group to escape the flood, and she brings her brothers. After a perilous ordeal with Cretaceous and Maelstrom while crossing a pond, Sid finds out that Diego is afraid of water, prompting him to encourage Diego to admit and face his fears - Diego insists that "fear is for prey", so Sid points out that Diego is behaving as if he is the water\'s prey. They discover an area which Ellie recalls as the place where she was adopted. She finally realizes she is a mammoth but distances herself from Manny when he suggests "saving their species". Ellie and Manny ultimately make up when they must co-operate to save the group when the ground cracks under their feet. Sid is kidnapped by a tribe of mini-sloths who believe Sid to be a god. Sid lights a fire for them, and believes that he has finally found respect, but they plan to sacrifice him by tossing him into a volcano. Sid narrowly escapes. The next morning, Sid tells the others his experience but none are convinced. They find a field of hot geysers, which separate Manny, Sid, and Diego from Ellie and her brothers when they argue about which way to go through it. When the flood comes, Manny saves Ellie from drowning as she is caught in a cave , while Diego overcomes his fear of water to save Sid. Cretaceous and Maelstrom arrive, but due to Manny\'s quick thinking, they are finished off by a rock which falls on them, killing them both. The other animals are at the mercy of the water currents. Meanwhile, Scrat climbs up the glacier and at the top sticks the acorn he has into the ice. This forms a crack in the glacier, which widens into a fissure, diverting the flood and saving the animals. Scrat is then washed away. In the final scene, a herd of mammoths shows up, but Manny and Ellie decide to remain together anyway, taking Sid, Diego, and the opossum brothers along. Sid encounters the mini-sloths again - they believe Sid stopped the flood and invite him to be their leader. Diego, surprised to see the mini-sloths are real, convinces Sid to stay with the others, reluctantly admitting that Sid is a vital part of their \'herd\'. The epilogue shows Scrat having a near death experience after falling into the fissure. He enters a heaven full of acorns. Suddenly, he finds himself torn away. He unhappily wakes up, having been resuscitated by Sid, who he proceeds to viciously attack.'] 