["In the fictional farming village of Tlachtlán, in the Cihuatlán Valley of Jalisco, Mexico, young men dream of escaping the drudgery of the banana plantations. Two of them, a pair of half-brothers, play in local soccer matches. Tato  is the star striker and Beto  is the eccentric goalkeeper. During one match they are spotted by a talent scout  and he offers one of them the opportunity to go to Mexico City with him and try out for one of the country's big teams. As the scout's roster is already full, he says he can only take one of the brothers and they decide to settle it on a penalty shot. Tato scores the penalty against his brother therefore earning the right to head to the capital. After a slow start Tato finally makes it big and earns the nickname 'Cursi' . His brother soon follows and joins a rival team where he is given the nickname 'Rudo' . Cursi becomes a national hero and starts dating Maya Vega , a famous model, whilst his brother struggles with life in the city and misses his family back home. Things start to go worse for the brothers. Tato loses both his woman and his goal scoring touch while his brother gets lured into a world of cocaine and gambling. It becomes clear that the drug cartels own everything. Their sister back home marries the local drug lord, Don Casimiro, whose far-reaching tentacles eventually affect the whole family. Everything finally depends upon one match as the two brothers come face to face. Cursi is threatened with demotion to Division 2 if he fails to score in this match; Rudo must throw the match in order to pay off his gambling debts or he will be killed. In the last minute Rudo saves a penalty from Tato and the match finishes goalless. Cursi quits football and returns home, and Rudo is shot, losing a leg and ending his career. They both end up back in Tlachtlán with their family where the simpler lifestyle seems to better suit them."] ['A melodrama of a wealthy Los Angeles family - and the journey each one begins after a death in the family. The title of the film refers not only to the loss of life and love, but to a phrase used by most Angelenos while talking on cellular phones; I\'m Losing You... "I\'m Losing You" follows the path of each character after a cataclysmic event: the death of Bertie\'s young daughter Tiffany, in an "accident". The family comes closer together in the wake of such an event, seeking to recover from a blow that has driven each one to near madness.'] ["Kadosh is a bleak drama about the plight of women in Haredi society. In the opening scene, Meir , a young Talmudic scholar, thanks God in his morning prayers for not being born a woman. At first, the marriage of Meir and his adoring wife, Rivka , appears tender and idyllic, but as the day progresses it becomes clear that Meir is obsessed with the fact that he is childless after ten years of marriage. Rivka's younger sister, Malka, marries Yosef in a match arranged by their parents, but loves Yaakov, a rock singer, who has abandoned the religious community.{{cite web}}"] ['Pelíšky is a bittersweet coming-of-age story set in the months from Christmas 1967 leading up to the ill-fated 1968 Prague Spring. Teenager Michal Šebek  has a crush on his upstairs neighbor, Jindřiška Krausová . Michal\'s family is headed by a stubborn army officer who is a firm supporter of the communist system and who believes that communist technology will eventually triumph over western imperialist capitalism, while Jindřiška\'s father is an ardent foe of the Communists and a war hero, who has been imprisoned several times because of his outspoken opposition to the regime; he believes that "the Bolsheviks have a year at most, maybe two". In contrast, the younger generation couldn\'t care less for politics. Instead, Michal sports a Beatles mop-top while Elien , the local hipster whose parents live in the USA, runs a local film group specialising in Hollywood and pre-war French films, while Jindřiška becomes Elien\'s girlfriend. After a wedding that unites the families, the film ends with the news breaking of the invasion of the Warsaw Pact.'] ["An ex-boxer Baldev Choudhary  has had a stain in his boxing career. He wanted to wash it with his son Angad's  success, but times were hard and a financial crunch kept him from achieving this dream. Though Angad pulled through fine, Baldev never forgot who ruined his chance to wash the stain. An opportunity strikes Baldev in the form of a T.V. Show. He trains a local boy to get into this media hyped boxing show, but is ditched for a better coach at the last minute. Baldev's younger son Karan  has just launched his first music album. Realizing his father is in crises of his life, he gives up his dream of a musical career to get into the game of boxing. Karan wins all through thinking that his victory will bring the two pillars of his family together. After winning within the nation, he wins all over the world. The final match is with the current world heavy champion. The match goes fine, but Karan is tricked and he ends up paralyzed in a hospital bed. Baldev, who wanted to wash a stigma is now about to lose his son. He feels like killing himself. When Karan reveals the world heavy champion cheated, Angad decides to get into the game of boxing once more and win the title for his father.Angad steps in and brings the world heavyweight champion belt to India. On the other hand, Karan suffers liver damage and requires a liver to survive. Baldev pleads with the doctors to use his liver, but the doctors reject the idea. However, the operation continues as God hears Baldev's call - a liver is donated to Karan through an unknown donor. In the end, Baldev who was going to give up his life for Karan, is instead alive and happy with his family."] ['Professor Shukichi Somiya , a widower, has only one child, a twenty-seven-year-old unmarried daughter, Noriko , who takes care of the household and the everyday needs—cooking, cleaning, mending, etc.—of her father. On a shopping trip to Tokyo, Noriko encounters one of her father\'s friends, Professor Jo Onodera , who lives in Kyoto, and they go to a restaurant together. Noriko knows that Onodera, who had been a widower like her father, has recently remarried, and she tells him that she finds the very idea of his remarriage distasteful, even "filthy." Onodera, and later her father, tease her for having such thoughts.  Shukichi\'s sister, Aunt Masa , convinces him that it is high time his daughter got married. Noriko is friendly with her father’s assistant, Hattori , and Aunt Masa suggests to her brother that he ask Noriko if she might be interested in Hattori. When he does bring up the subject, however, Noriko laughs: Hattori already has been engaged to another young woman for quite some time. Undaunted, Masa tries to serve as her niece’s matchmaker. She pressures Noriko to meet with a marriageable young man, a Tokyo University graduate named Satake who, Masa believes, bears a strong resemblance to Gary Cooper. Noriko declines, explaining that she doesn’t wish to marry anyone, because to do so would leave her father alone and helpless. Masa surprises Noriko by claiming that she is also trying to arrange a match between Shukichi and Mrs. Miwa , an attractive young widow known to Noriko. If Masa succeeds, Shukichi would have someone other than Noriko to care for him. At a Noh performance attended by Noriko and her father, the latter smilingly greets Mrs. Miwa, which triggers Noriko\'s jealousy. When her father later tries to talk her into going to meet Satake, he tells her that he intends to marry Mrs. Miwa. Devastated, Noriko reluctantly decides to meet the young man and, to her surprise, gains a very favorable impression of him. Shaken by thoughts of her father taking a second wife, Noriko consents to the arranged marriage with Satake. The Somiyas go on one last trip before the wedding to Kyoto, where they meet Prof. Onodera and his family. Noriko changes her opinion of Onodera\'s remarriage when she discovers that his new wife is a nice person. While packing their luggage for the trip home, Noriko asks her father why they can\'t simply stay as they are now, even if he does remarry – she is very happy living with him and marriage certainly wouldn’t make her any happier. Shukichi admonishes her, saying that she must embrace the new life she will build with Satake, one in which he, Shukichi, will have no part, because "that’s the order of human life and history." Noriko asks her father’s forgiveness for her "selfishness" and agrees to go ahead with the marriage. Noriko’s wedding day arrives. At home just before the ceremony, both Shukichi and Masa admire Noriko, who is dressed in a traditional wedding costume. Noriko thanks her father for the care he has taken of her throughout her life and leaves in a hired car for the wedding. Afterwards, Aya , a divorced friend of Noriko’s, goes with Shukichi to a bar, where he confesses that his claim that he was going to marry Mrs. Miwa was a ruse all along: he had never intended to remarry at all. He had said so only to help persuade Noriko to get married herself. Aya, touched by his sacrifice, promises to visit him often. Shukichi returns home and faces the quiet night all alone.'] ["Rick  is the apple of his father's eye; smart, handsome, and idolized by his younger siblings . By stark contrast, Lonnie  is a troubled and withdrawn girl, struggling to put the painful memory of a failed suicide attempt behind her. Both teenagers are dealing with loneliness and family pressures when they begin to find solace in each other, and a young romance develops. As Rick and Lonnie's bond begins to grow stronger, and they become increasingly withdrawn from their friends and families, their protective parents begin to worry that the young lovers are getting too involved and become increasingly uncomfortable with the teenagers' relationship. Finally, when Rick's parents  decide that Lonnie is a bad influence on their son, and Lonnie's parents  decide that boarding school would be the best place for their troubled daughter, Rick and Lonnie, desperate not to be separated, make a tragic decision to take their own lives. In the wake of the young lovers' fatal suicide pact, the two devastated families are left to try and pick up the pieces of their shattered lives and somehow find a way to go on."] ['Confederate soldier Capt. Colt Saunders comes home to Texas from the war. Victorious supporters of the Union have taken control of his town, including a corrupt commissioner named Cable. When he sees a Yankee insult a Southern belle named Lorna Hunter, the gallant Colt comes to her aid. He isn\'t aware of her past as a St. Louis dance-hall girl or her villainous true nature. Colt is knocked cold and Lorna steals $900 from him. Her friend, saloon owner Ruby, lets her know that Colt is a wealthy rancher, so Lorna hatches a scheme. She returns his missing $900 and impresses him with her "honesty." Colt falls in love and marries her. His ranch, the Bar S, has fallen on hard times. Loyal ranch foreman Innocencio, who looked out for the spread while Colt was off to war, says that Yankees have been rustling their horses with no intervention by the law. Colt\'s brother, nicknamed Cinch, shows up. Cinch is not trustworthy, but Colt has felt obligated to him since a childhood accident. Cinch is allowed to help run the ranch. But as soon as Cable claims that $16,000 in back taxes must be paid, Cinch makes off not only with the rest of Colt\'s horses but with Lorna as well. Lorna is pregnant. Colt tracks them down and offers to give them more money if she agrees to give birth first and leave the child with him. In a gunfight to determine who gains ultimate control of the ranch, Cinch and Cable are both killed. Lorna has a change of heart and persuades Colt to let her stay.'] ['The film is set in the island of Puerto Rico. Because of its central location in the Caribbean, the island has become one of the main ports of drug entry from South America into the United States. The film follows the lives of three families in different levels of society affected by drug trafficking and crime in the island.'] ['The Irish-American, Catholic Sullivan brothers are introduced through a progression of baptisms: George Thomas in 1914, Francis "Frank" Henry in 1916, Joseph Eugene in 1918, Madison "Matt" Abel in 1919, and Albert Leo in 1922 in their hometown of Waterloo, IA. There is also sister Genevieve, making the Sullivans a happy family of eight. As the boys grow, they are doted upon by their mother and sister Genevieve and given stern but loving guidance by their father, who is a railroad freight conductor. Each day, the boys climb the water tower by the tracks and wave to their father as he passes by on the train. The brothers are shown getting into their fair share of trouble growing up: a fight, a near drowning , and accidentally flooding the kitchen. By 1939, only Al is still in high school. On the day that George wins a motorcycle race, Al meets Katherine Mary,  an only child who lives with her father. Despite their youth, Al and Katherine Mary fall in love. Believing that Al is too young, his brothers nearly break the couple up, but realize what they have done and apologize. Soon after, Katherine Mary and Al are married, and ten months later, are expecting a baby. Al is fired for taking the afternoon off to escort his wife to the doctor, but his brothers vow to help them out. Later, months after little Jimmy has been welcomed into the family, the Sullivans are relaxing on a Sunday—December 7, 1941. They hear about the attack on Pearl Harbor on the radio. The boys realize that one of their friends, Bill Bascom , was on the {{USS}} and resolve to join the Navy to avenge him. Al decides that he cannot go with his brothers, due to his family responsibilities, but when Katherine Mary sees his despondent face, she tells him to go with the others to the recruiting station. The brothers insist that they serve on the same ship, but the recruiter states that the Navy can make no such guarantees. The brothers leave, but later, George receives his draft notice, and writes to the Navy Department, obtaining official permission for the boys to serve together. Later, Tom, Alleta and Katherine Mary eagerly await letters from their loved ones, who are serving aboard the {{USS}} in the Pacific. A battle rages off the Solomon Islands, and one day, the Juneau is hit. Four of the brothers find each other, then realize that George is below in sick bay. They rush down to get him, and when George insists they leave him behind, Al replies, "We can\'t go swimming without you." Soon after, the same recruiter from before visits the Sullivan home and tells Katherine Mary, Tom, Alleta and Gen that all five of the brothers were killed in action. Stunned, Tom goes to work and salutes the water tower on which his sons used to stand and wave to him. Sometime later, Tom, Katherine Mary, and Gen, who has joined the WAVES, watch with pride while Alleta christens a new destroyer, the {{USS}}. As Tom and Alleta watch the ship sail away, Alleta declares, "Tom, our boys are afloat again."'] ['Simon Jackson is an awkward high school teenager who befriends a white bear that saves his life. He learns that the bear is endangered by the destruction of its habitat from logging and grows out of his shell to launch a campaign to the government to protect the bear. He then learns about the hardships of a campaign but succeeds with the help of his friend, Lloyd Blackbird, and his supporters.'] ["Semi-retired Mexican-American chef Martin Naranjo  shares a suburban Los Angeles home with his three adult daughters. Although he has lost the senses of smell and taste since his wife's death, he still cooks elaborate, multi-course meals for his family and friends. The women humor their father's old-fashioned ways, but each is searching for fulfillment outside the family circle. Leticia , the oldest and most conservative of the three, is a repressed high school chemistry teacher who abandoned Catholicism to become a born-again Christian. Middle daughter Carmen  shares her father's passion for food but has stifled her dream of owning a restaurant in favor of pursuing a more stable career as a business analyst. Maribel , the youngest, is hip and slightly rebellious. Frequently present in the Naranjo home are newly divorced family friend Yolanda , her young daughter April, and her visiting mother Hortensia , who has set her sights on Martin and is determined to make him her next husband, unaware his attention is focused on someone else. Maribel is drawn to handsome Brazilian student Andy after her co-worker rejects him and, after they briefly date, she invites him home for dinner, during which she blithely announces she is moving in with him, much to her father's consternation and Andy's shock, since they never had discussed elevating their somewhat casual relationship to this next level. Before long she is rearranging his small apartment and unintentionally making him increasingly uncomfortable as she imposes herself in his life. Meanwhile, Leticia finds herself attracted to Orlando Castillo, who coaches baseball at her school, when she begins to receive passionate love letters she believes are from him, unaware they actually were written by her students. Carmen is offered a high-profile job in Barcelona, and half-heartedly agrees to accept it, although soon after her father drives her to the airport she returns home, determined to follow in her father's footsteps and open a restaurant of her own. Leticia and Orlando elope, Maribel and Andy break up and reunite, Martin marries Yolanda, and everyone gathers for a family meal at Carmen's new restaurant."] ['Murphy plays the role of Emily. Her alcoholic mother, Resse, tells her that the disease runs in the family, and she is at risk of having it too. After Resse kills herself in the bathtub, she leaves a recorded tape saying "I\'m sorry Emily, but I\'m just so tired." Devastated, Emily turns to drink, and the prophecy comes true. However, after seeing what alcohol has done to her life, Emily drives to a lake and tries to drown herself. At the last minute, she gasps for air and says "My mother chose to die. There was nothing I could do to ease her pain. Except maybe, choosing to live."'] ["The film follows Mr. Shi , a retired widower from Beijing. When his only daughter, Yilan , who lives in Spokane, Washington and works as a librarian, gets divorced, he decides to visit her to help her heal. However Yilan is not interested. She tries keeping an emotional distance but when this finally fails she begins physically avoiding her father. He confronts her about an affair with a married Russian man  and she, in turn, lets loose about all the gossip she'd heard as a young girl about his alleged affair with a female colleague back in China. Running parallel to this plot is Mr. Shi's park bench meetings with an elderly woman, Madam , who had fled to the United States from Iran after the revolution. Neither Mr. Shi nor Madam speak English well, but by gesturing and talking in their own tongues, they start a friendship which ends when Madam is put into a retirement home. Mr. Shi and his daughter Yilan finally come to terms as father and daughter through the greater understanding achieved by their heated confrontations over perceived transgressions that neither one was initially willing to forgive. The movie concludes with Mr. Shi catching a train into the interior of the United States as a tourist and striking up a conversation with a woman he meets in one of the cars."] ["When the Cole's Santa Claus gets drunk before taking part in the Thanksgiving parade, Dorey Walker , Cole's director of special events, fires him and must find a replacement immediately. She spots an old man  berating the inebriated Santa, and begs him to take over. He claims his name is Kris Kringle. Kris does so well during the parade that he is immediately hired to be Cole's main Santa for the holiday period. All the children in New York begin to believe that he is the real Santa, with the exception of Dorey's six-year-old daughter Susan . Dorey's boyfriend, Bryan Bedford , does his best to convince Susan to believe. While being babysat one night by Kris, Susan shares with him her Christmas wish, she would like a dad, a house  and a baby brother. Kris asks if she would begin to believe in Santa if she got all those things. Susan agrees that she would. Kris is credited with bringing in many more sales to Cole's than previous years, until one night, when he is arrested, then sanctioned for supposedly assaulting a man on the street. Later, the truth emerges, that the man he assaulted was the original drunk Santa, who set up Kris to be arrested, with the help of members of staff from a rival of Cole's. With the help of Bryan, Dorey takes Kris' case to court, and drums up support for him from the public. It soon becomes clear that to get Kris acquitted and freed, Bryan must prove that not only does Santa exist, but that Kris is the real one. It is a seemingly impossible task until Bryan comes up with a plan that requires some help from Susan. Just as the judge is about to make his decision -- and it seems he was going to rule against Kris -- Susan walks up to the judge with a Christmas card containing a $1 bill. On the back, the words In God We Trust are circled. The judge realizes that, since the U.S. Department of Treasury can believe in God with no hard evidence, then the people of New York can believe in Santa Claus in the same way. This leaves the elated judge no other choice but to declare that Santa is real, thus freeing Kris. Following the court case, Dorey and Bryan are maneuvered by Kris into realizing their true feelings for each other, and are married in a very small ceremony right after the Christmas Eve Midnight Mass. On Christmas morning, Susan wakes to the news of the marriage and is elated to see that she has part one of her Christmas wish, a dad. Together, Susan, Dorey and Bryan drive out to the catalogue house and upon arrival, find that Kris has arranged for them to purchase the house. Susan, now having got two out of three of her wishes, excitedly runs upstairs in the house to look at her bedroom. Dorey and Bryan ask her what the last part of her Christmas wish was, and she triumphantly announces that it was a baby brother. Dorey and Bryan both look at each other, shocked, before glancing down at Dorey's stomach and sharing a kiss. The film ends with the belief that Susan has now gotten all she asked for."] ["The witty Nonnie and the stuck-up city-boy Harry are the only ones to survive a massacre of a gang of poachers among the gamekeeper's family on her lonesome farm in the savanna. Now the ruthless murderers are after them as the only witnesses. Without a means of transportation, the only way to escape is to walk through 2000 kilometers of Kalahari desert with the help of the African bushman Xhabbo. On the months-long journey ahead they not only become good friends against their differences, but also realize that every one of them has strength and skills that are required to survive."] ['Wyoming ranchers Rob and Nell McLaughlin somewhat reluctantly give son Ken, 10, a chance to raise a horse and learn responsibility. He chooses a year-old filly and names her Flicka, which ranch hand Gus informs him is a Swedish word for "little girl." Rising debts and a "loco" strain have created problems for the McLaughlins. They accept a $500 offer from a neighboring rancher for the filly\'s mother, Rocket, but the mare is accidentally killed while being loaded into a van. The situation gets worse when Flicka is badly cut by barbed wire. Ken cares for her best he can, but the infection leads father Rob to conclude that the horse must be put down. A gunshot by his father makes Ken fear the worst, but it turns out he was warding off a mountain lion after being warned by Flicka. The filly\'s life is spared, and young Ken nurtures her back to health.'] ['Set in 1984 in the heart of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma, The Doe Boy tells the coming of age story of Hunter , a young man of mixed heritage who is also a haemophiliac.'] ['Nine-year-old Evelyn Doyle\'s  mother has abandoned the family, leaving her out-of-work father Desmond Doyle  to bring up Evelyn and her two brothers, Maurice  and Dermot  on his own. Matters are only made worse when Desmond\'s mother-in-law  reports the abandonment of the children to the authorities. Irish law prohibits children from being brought up in a "broken home", and therefore places these children in Church-run orphanages. Desmond also drinks excessively and does not have a job or money to allow him to support his children. His two sons are placed in a boys-only orphanage, while his daughter is placed in a girls-only orphanage. Vowing to reunite his family, Desmond enlists the help of his friends: barmaid Bernadette Beattie , her solicitor brother Michael , their American lawyer friend Nick  and his old mentor, Thomas Connolly . Together, the group attempts to do what has never been done before - challenge a law before the Irish Supreme Court.'] ['Saul Naumann  is a somewhat controlling Jewish husband and father. A Religious Studies professor at UC Berkeley, Saul wrote his graduate thesis on the Kabbalah. Because he was a devout Jew, his wife Miriam  converted to Judaism when they married, and he nurtured his son Aaron  into a traditional studious Jew like himself. When Eliza  wins her class spelling bee, they embark on a course of Kabbalah study to help her win. The film follows the family and the spiritual quests upon which they journey, in large part because of Saul: Miriam\'s attempt to make herself whole, Aaron\'s religious uncertainty, and Eliza\'s desire to be closer to her father. Miriam lives a secret life throughout her entire marriage to Saul, trying to fulfill the religious idea she learned from him, tikkun olam, or "repairing the world" and "reuniting its shards." She takes this meaning literally and slowly collects trinkets she finds beautiful  and storing them in a warehouse, trying to hold the light of God in them. Saul\'s son, Aaron, grows unsure of the Judaism foisted on him by his father, and in trying to find a faith he personally believes in, he becomes a Hare Krishna after meeting a woman named Chali in the park. For Eliza, her experience begins with a desire to be as close to her father as he and Aaron are; the two would often have discussions about Judaism and play music together. Saul\'s graduate thesis on Kabbalah writer Abraham Abulafia  brings Saul and Eliza closer together when Saul learns Eliza has won the district spelling bee. Upon learning of her success Saul takes control of Eliza\'s life, trying to coach her with the Kabbalah teachings he knows so well. Eliza enjoys the renewed attention of her father and pursues the competition with her father\'s involvement. This comes at the expense of Aaron, who receives less time with Saul, even as he falls deeper into his religious dubiosity. At the center of the film, Eliza becomes Saul\'s newest religious project. Eliza continues to do well at spelling bees seemingly because of a higher spiritual connection with God, as Abraham Abulafia wrote about; visions appear to her and help her spell the word, no matter how difficult. Saul\'s obsession with his daughter\'s gift and the opportunities it presents to him consume him to the point that he is callously ignorant of the collapse of his family occurring around him. He is forced to face it when Miriam is caught entering a home and ultimately checks herself into a psychiatric ward. Aaron comes to reject his father\'s religion and eventually leave the household. Eliza is implicitly aware of how her gift has contributed to this deterioration and her attempts to achieve spiritual awareness become terrifying. In the final scene, Eliza deliberately misspells the word origami  to place second at the National Spelling Bee.'] ['The movie depicts the life of Dawn Anna, a teacher and single mother of four children. Soon after meeting her eventual husband, she is diagnosed with a severe brain disease that requires a serious operation. Shortly after her recovery, daughter Lauren Townsend is murdered in the Columbine High School massacre.'] ["Wayland is a clockmaker whose ambition is to build one for the center of town. His life and Collie's, however, are threatened by family members from the evil Campbell clan, one of whom is the father of Collie's baby and intent on getting his child back in any way, even if it means murdering the couple. Cole Campbell is found dead, and his relatives demand that Wayland and Collie be held responsible and give up the child."] ["The film covers several months in the life of the Nolans, an Irish American family living in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City in 1900. Katie Nolan  is a hard-working housewife who scrubs the floors of her tenement building and collects rags for sale to a scrap fabric dealer to help feed her family. She's married to Johnny Nolan ([[James Dunn , an alcoholic and waiter who is a happy man and good father but unable to earn a living to support his family. The Nolans have two children, 13-year-old Francie  and 11-year-old Neeley . Katie's sister, Sissy , is a sassy, free-spirited woman who arrives in the late fall and announces she is getting a divorce and will soon be remarrying for the third time. This scandalizes Katie and ruptures her relationship with Sissy, but thrills the children . Francie is worried that the landlord has cut too many branches off the tree which grows in the tenement's courtyard, and it may die. But her father says that the cutting is necessary, and the tree will grow again. A police officer new to the force, Officer McShane , encounters Aunt Sissy and the children one afternoon and is enchanted by the beautiful Katie. A few days later, however, he realizes that the drunken Johnny is Katie's husband and is devastated to learn Katie is married. Francie wants to go to Miss McDonough's school, but it means lying about where the Nolans live. Katie is opposed, but Johnny convinces her to lie. Katie moves the family into a cheaper apartment in the building, angering her husband. Johnny believes she is merely being stingy, but then learns Katie is pregnant. Determined to get a job to support the family and keep Francie in school, Johnny leaves during a snowstorm to find work. Sissy, too, becomes pregnant, and she and Katie reconcile shortly before Christmas. Johnny goes missing for a week. Officer McShane then delivers the bad news that Johnny has died from pneumonia. Francie blames her mother for her father's death, but the birth of Sissy's baby and then Katie's daughter  help ease tensions in the household. Come spring, Sissy uses money that Johnny gave her back in December to buy Francie a bouquet of flowers for graduation day. Francie, who has bottled up her grief for months, finally breaks down. Officer McShane proposes to Katie  and Francie has her first date. Francie and Neeley think that Annie Laurie's life with McShane as a father will be much easier, but not nearly as much fun. The film ends as Francie sees the courtyard tree begin to grow again, just as her father said it would. The book is much lengthier than the film, and covers the time from before Francie is born until after she turns 16."] ['Newsies is loosely based on the true story of Newsboys Strike of 1899 in New York City. Thousands of homeless and orphaned children who were selling newspapers to make money to buy food are living in newsboys\' lodging houses, including 17-year old Manhattan newsboy Jack "Cowboy" Kelly , who is a regular newsboy selling newspapers for Joseph Pulitzer  and his paper, the New York World. The newsboys wake up and get ready to sell papers . Jack meets David Jacobs , who leaves school temporarily and joins the Newsies along with his little brother Les  to help his family while his father is out of work with a broken arm. The injury was work-related, but because he lacked the protection of a union he was fired with no severance. Les looks up to Jack. Jack, seeing this as an opportunity to make money by using Les because he is younger and cute, teaches Les how to trick people into buying a paper by pretending to be sick and making up headlines. The three of them duck into Irving Hall to escape being chased by a cop. Jack introduces Les and David to Medda "Swedish Meadowlark" Larkson , a vaudeville star who performs at Irving Hall . After they witness a violent part of the trolley strike, David invites Jack to meet his family including his sister Sarah. After declining to spend the night, Jack confesses his desire to escape to Santa Fe . Soon, Jack and David became best friends. Shortly afterward, the price of newspapers for purchase by the newsboys is raised by ten cents, a decision made by the newspaper titans, Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst. Feeling they will be unable to bear the added cost, Jack organizes a strike with the aid of David . As the protagonist, Jack struggles with his past as he forms an important friendship with David and his family. Between his dream of one day going to Santa Fe and currently wanting to help his friends, he faces many difficult decisions involving money and loyalty. Along the way, the boys are aided by newspaper reporter Bryan Denton  and Medda, as well as being hindered by Snyder , warden of "The Refuge" juvenile detention facility. Jack and the Newsies gain the cooperation of rival newsboy groups from New York and Brooklyn to team up and strike against the big-shot newspapermen. They eventually win their hard-fought demands after self-publishing and distributing a sympathetic newspaper flier  and gaining the support of other non-union child workers around the city. Jack and David force Pulitzer to admit defeat, resulting with the Newsies winning the strike and Snyder being arrested. Denton tells Jack that Governor Theodore Roosevelt was grateful Jack brought the strike to his attention and Roosevelt is offering to give him a ride anywhere, and Jack requests to be taken to the train station to catch a train to Santa Fe. His friends are disappointed to see him leave, but Roosevelt convinces Jack to stay with his friends in New York City. Sarah catches up to Jack and the two kiss together with all Newsies dancing.IMDb - NewsiesNewsies VHS/DVD case'] [' After being blinded by taking drugs in the 1970s during an eclipse, Bunnie  marries her Vietnam soldier boyfriend, Geoff ([[Kevin Smith . However, as she remains very flaky, he eventually disappears and takes their child with him. Twenty years later, Bunnie decides to use a medium, Cassandra , to try to find her daughter.'] ["An angel wonders if love can be Heaven on Earth in this family-themed romantic fantasy. Rev. Henry Biggs  is the pastor of a struggling Baptist church in a poor section of New York City. Biggs is devoted to serving his flock and his community, but things are not easy; membership is down, money is tight, the furnace is broken, and real estate mogul Joe Hamilton  wants to buy the property and put up condominiums. The strain is taking its toll on Biggs' marriage to his childhood sweetheart Julia , and in a moment of desperation, he prays to the Lord for help. The prayer is answered in the form of Dudley , an angel sent to earth to assist Biggs. The preacher doesn't believe that Dudley is a divine being, but he'll take any help he can get, while Julia, who thinks that Dudley is just another community volunteer, welcomes him into their home. However, Dudley is sidetracked in his earthly mission when he finds himself falling in love with Julia."] ["Justin Cook  and his sister Kerry  are two African American teenagers living in a middle-class New Jersey household in the late 1980s. The Cook family is visited by their distant cousin, psychologist Mariah Johnston . A contemporary of Justin and Kerry's parents, Mariah is about to receive an award for her years of community work, particularly in the area of civil rights. Having been born after the Civil Rights Movement, Justin and Kerry never experienced Jim Crow segregation, and the two fail to appreciate the stories about the era that Mariah and their parents recount at dinner. While Justin and Kerry sleep that night, they are mysteriously transported to a small town in Georgia in the early 1960s. While there, the siblings participate in a sit-in at a segregated lunch counter. The protest is staged by a group of local teenagers and young adults—including their cousin Mariah. The siblings are horrified by the hostility and racism of local White residents, and inspired by the strength displayed by Mariah and the others as the group is harassed during the sit-in. When they awaken the following morning, the siblings find themselves back in the 1980s. No one is aware of their journey to the past except Justin and Kerry themselves . As the Cook family watches Mariah accept her award later that day, Justin and Kerry do so with a greater appreciation for Mariah, the Civil Rights Movement, and the history of African Americans in general."] ['Virginia  is a 13 year old girl living in Nova Scotia with her older sister Caroline  and her father Ford . Her mother was killed 3 years earlier in a horse riding accident. Since then Ford has sold their horse, Twister, to a neighbor and forbidden his daughters to ride. Still, Virginia sneaks out at night to see her and we see her in the beginning of the movie delivering a foal in the middle of a terrible storm. Twister dies while giving birth and Virginia names the foal Stormy. As the horse grows up, Virginia continues to sneak out to care for Stormy and ride him at night. The real owner of the horse, Blake  tries to train Stormy to race for his son Darrow , who is also Caroline\'s boyfriend, but the horse doesn\'t get along well with him. Blake decides to sell Stormy and Virginia is heartbroken because she had always considered Stormy to be her own horse, ever since she delivered him. Eventually Ford is able to track down the person who bought Stormy and he buys him back to give to Virginia as a birthday present. Meanwhile Virginia has started working with one of Blake\'s trainers named Jessie . Virginia tells her how much she loves horses and how riding them is a way for her to remember her mom. So she tries to get Ford to understand that by not letting Virginia ride he is only crushing her spirit. He reluctantly changes his mind and eventually starts riding with Virginia and giving her lessons. He mentions that there is going to be a big race on Memorial Day and tells her he thinks she\'s ready. One day, Virginia is out riding by herself and she comes across Darrow riding with his buddies. He challenges her to a race to the train tracks and Virginia barely makes it, missing the train by a few feet. That\'s when Darrow realizes that she is a better rider than he is and that he needs to do something if he\'s to prevent her from beating him in the big race. So, the night before the race, he and his buddies kidnap Stormy and hide him in an abandoned shack by a creek. When Virginia finds out that Stormy is missing she is distraught. Her father believes that Stormy has just escaped but she tells her sister that she believes Darrow stole him. Caroline thinks that she can find out what really happened by coming on to one of Darrow\'s friends. He spills the beans to her and she tells Virginia where to find Stormy. Without hesitating, she runs out the house to get him, even going as far as "borrowing" her father\'s old truck to get there in time. She finds Stormy and gets to the town square where the race is about to begin. At first they tell her that she can\'t race because she\'s a few minutes late but after the whole town starts chanting, "Let Virginia Ride! Let Virginia Ride!" she is allowed to participate. She starts out a little behind but quickly catches up to the crowd. Darrow had been in the lead since the beginning but when he sees Virginia on his tail he resorts to cheating. At one point he knocks her off her horse and then he hides one of the trail marker flags so she\'ll get lost. When she can\'t figure out which way to go by looking at her map, Stormy knows she is lost and he tries to tell her which way to go. He turns out to be right and she easily catches up to Darrow again. It\'s neck and neck along the final stretch and, although she was the last one to start, she comes in first place. Darrow\'s father Blake convinces the MC  to disqualify Virginia for some vague and unspecified violation and Darrow tries to accept the trophy. Virginia notices something in his pocket and tells Caroline to check it out. She sneaks up to him and pulls out in front of everybody the flag he had hid. He is summarily disqualified for cheating and Virginia accepts the trophy to a cheering crowd while two men from the audience toss the MC into a water trough. At home Virginia and her family are seen having dinner with Jessie, Blake\'s former trainer. We find out that he has just fired her and Caroline has just broken up with Darrow. However, Virginia comments that they are happier than they have been in a long time. She walks outside to feed Stormy and thinks to herself that she could never have gotten through the race if it wasn\'t for her cherished memories of her mother.'] ["This family melodrama tells the story of Lee Yun-bok, a fourth-grader in a poor family. Unable to tolerate his father's gambling and cruelty, his mother leaves home. Yun-bok helps support the family by shining shoes, and keeps a journal. When his journal is made public in school, Yun-bok's father repents of his bad behavior, and his mother returns home.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation01155|title2009-07-20|publisher=Korean Movie Database }}"] ['Sara Crewe loves her childhood home in India, but she has to leave it when her beloved father enlists to fight for the British in World War I. He enrolls her at Miss Minchin\'s Seminary for Girls in New York, the same school Sara\'s late mother attended, and spares no expense to make sure his daughter will be comfortable while he is gone. Sara quickly becomes popular and well-liked by the other students, whose boring, mundane lives are made exciting by the wonderful stories from "The Ramayana" that Sara tells. The school\'s spoiled bully, Lavinia, becomes angry over Sara\'s increasing popularity. She often clashes with the severe headmistress, Miss Minchin, who attempts to stifle Sara\'s creativity and sense of self-worth. Sara attempts to befriend the school\'s African-American servant girl, Becky, but is told to avoid her. Minchin throws Sara a lavish birthday party in order to extract more money from her father, but when word comes that her father was killed in battle and his estate has been seized by the British government, she forces Sara to become a servant. Minchin also confiscates all of Sara\'s possessions, including "The Ramayana", her favorite doll, Emily, given to her by her father before the war and a locket her father gave her. Sara\'s belief that "every girl is a princess" is put to the limit and she stops telling stories. Her friendship with Becky grows and her other school friends sneak up to the attic to see her. Feeling sorry for her, Sara\'s friends decide to surprise her by stealing her book, her doll and her locket. Touched by this, Sara continues "The Ramayana". Meanwhile, in the mansion next door, a rich old man named Charles Randolph has recently received word that his son, John, also fighting in WWI, is MIA, resulting in his being relegated to a wheelchair. He is cared for by an Indian immigrant named Ram Dass who had traveled to America on the same ship as the Crewes. Ram Dass keeps an eye on Sara, knowing that she is a kindhearted girl. Mr. Randolph is called to a military hospital hoping an unidentified soldier suffering from blindess and amnesia due to exposure to poison gas is his son. However, the man is not. Ram Dass convinces Mr. Randolph to take the injured soldier in anyway, reminding him that the soldier may know what happened to John. One evening, as Sara tells the girls a frightening tale of Ravana, the girls scream in terror and Minchin finds them. She punishes Sara and Becky by denying them any food the next day. To stay full, Sara suggests that they eat a feast that night. The two girls then pretend to have a banquet in the room as Ram Dass watches. The next morning, they wake up to find that the room has turned into a palace-like bedroom, with the same food they dreamed of eating the night before, courtesy of Ram Dass. Minchin enters the room later that day and accuses them of stealing everything. She turns them in to the police and the girls decide that Sara must try to escape. Using a plank as a bridge, Sara narrowly crosses from the school to Randolph\'s house. The police arrive and enter the house to find her, and to arrest Becky as well. In Randolph\'s house, Sara meets the soldier and realizes that he is her father. He is unable to remember her however, even though she tries to remind him. Minchin tells the police that Sara has no family, though she clearly recognizes Sara\'s father. Just as she is being taken away by the police, however, Ram Dass helps Captain Crewe to regain his memory and rescue her. The film ends with Sara, her father, whose assets and fortune have been restored by the British government, and Becky all leaving for India together. Sara says goodbye to all of the girls and leaves them Emily as a present. Even the bullying Lavinia overcomes her jealousy and parts with Sara on good terms. Mr. Randolph learns of how Sara\'s father attempted to save his son\'s life in the trenches during the gas attack, and becomes the school\'s new headmaster. Meanwhile, Minchin looks on, defeated and miserable, having been reduced to a chimney sweep, working for a boy she previously mistreated.'] ['Recently widowed Benjamin Mee , still grieving his loss, starts life over by buying a large house with a zoo in the back. Although reluctant to take on a zoo and all of its animals, he decides to give it a try, delighting his 7-year-old daughter, Rosie , but causing his 14-year-old son, Dylan , to unhappily retreat into his artwork . The zoo staff, led by head keeper, Kelly , help Benjamin to start renovating the zoo. Benjamin soon runs into financial trouble, however, and the workers\' morale sinks, fearing the property will be sold. Meanwhile, Dylan befriends a young girl named Lily , who has a huge crush on him to which he is completely oblivious. When she tells him that his family might be leaving, he is overjoyed, which hurts her feelings. Benjamin discovers that his late wife has left him an investment account with instruction to use the money wisely while listening to his heart. While this lifts the zoo workers\' morale, Dylan is unhappy about having to stay. He confronts his father, and a heated argument ensues. They reconcile the next morning, and Dylan admits he misses Lily. Benjamin gives his son advice on reconciling with her. Prior to the zoo\'s grand opening, the facility passes a very stringent inspection, and Dylan, following his father\'s advice, confesses to Lily that he loves her and she forgives him. The worst rainstorm in over 100 years threatens to wash out the zoo\'s grand opening, and although the weather clears in time, they are disappointed when no visitors arrive. They soon discover that a fallen tree has blocked the access road, leaving visitors unsure if the zoo is open. Eventually, the zoo is well received by the community. Kelly admits to Benjamin that she has a crush on him but, "can\'t get a handle on it." She kisses him, telling him maybe they can do that again on the New Year eve. Benjamin replies by kissing her and telling her that he is looking forward to New Year\'s Eve. At the end, Benjamin takes his children to where he met their mother, explaining that it was the point in both of their lives where they became a "possibility". He takes them through that day\'s encounter, where Benjamin worked up the nerve to talk to his future wife with "20 seconds of courage," asking her why such an amazing woman would talk to someone like him. His wife responds, "Why not?", echoing the reason why Benjamin bought the zoo in the first place.'] ["In 1970s Hong Kong, rapacious landlords try to evict 72 tenants but sworn brothers Ha Kung and Shek Kin help the group of 72 defeat the landlord and landlady and coincidentally rescue Pinky from a planned forced marriage. When both sworn brothers fall for Pinky and propose to her, she flips a coin heads or tails, they both cheated during the toss but Ha wins her hand in marriage. The sworn brothers become sworn enemies and Sheks hatred fuels intense rivalry against Ha in business dealings ranging from the manufacture of plastic flowers to the selling of stinky bean curd. Even after 40 years they continue to clash and in 2010 they are in keen competition selling electronics appliances in Sai Yeung Choi Street, Mongkok, the busiest street in the city and still home to the 72 tenants. In fiercely competitive Sai Yeung Choi Street high rents force businessmen to use every means to survive, with electronics shops employing pseudo models in sales promotion campaigns and comic shops offering foot-massage services by Lolita, etc. These ploys are minor compared with the tactics of the landlord who threatens to close down the shops unless his demands for tripled rent are met. Amidst this strife and struggle the street is hit by acid-attacks and in high spirits the 72 tenants unite and pledge to safeguard their home. Against a background of fear and turmoil, with the old love triangle between Ha and Pinky and Shek still festering, the next generation of the Ha and Shek families generate their own love affairs: MJ-style dancer Ha Junior is fascinated by Shek's daughter who is a Japanese AV culture fan; Ha's daughter, a kung fu expert, is pursued by Shek's love-struck son, the smart shortie. Affairs of the heart yet to be resolved."] ['Mary Lenox  is the neglected child of a wealthy English couple living in India during the early 20th century. Her mother and father never wanted her, and only care about themselves. One night during one of their frequent parties, an earthquake occurs and both of Mary’s parents are killed in the destruction. Six months after the incident, Mary is sent by ship to Liverpool, England, where she is picked up by Mrs. Medlock , the strict housekeeper of Misselthwaite Manor in Yorkshire. Mrs. Medlock explains to Mary that her aunt died before she was born. Mary did not know this because her parents spent no time with her. She doesn\'t know how to look after herself, as her needs were always met by her ayah back in India; nor has she learned to cry. Upon her arrival at the Manor, she hears someone crying from a distant room, but all of the servants tell her differently. On her first night at the manor, she discovers a secret door in her room that leads her to the abandoned rooms of the manor . Mary later meets Martha Sowerby , the manor\'s cheerful, youngest servant, with whom she quickly becomes friends. Martha tells Mary that her uncle, Lord Archibald Craven ([[John Lynch , would like to see her sometime, although Mrs. Medlock denies this fact too. Lord Craven frequently travels away from home because his wife died during the birth of his son, Colin Craven , as he is unable to overcome his loss; it is thought to be a curse that is laid upon Lord Craven. The next day, when Mary is out in the fresh air and the local gardens, she discovers another hidden garden behind some overgrown ivy. One of the gardeners, Ben Weatherstaff , tells her that there is no entrance because it was meant to be shut it off by Lord Craven after the death of his wife. Mary, driven to find out more about the garden, remembers a key she found in her late aunt’s bedroom, and discovers it fits the lock to the hidden door. One night after dreaming about her mother for the first time since coming to England, she hears the crying from the distant room she heard before. Determined to find out where the crying is coming from, she discovers the room that belongs to her sickly cousin, Colin Craven, who is the master of the house during Lord Craven\'s absence. Colin, who lives in bed, is unable to walk and has a morbid obsession with death, believes he will become a hunchback like his father. Colin and Mary get to know each other very well. His windows are boarded up because of his belief that the light and "spores" outside can harm him. When Mary decides to pull them down with the help of Martha’s brother, Dickon Sowerby  , Colin falls out of his wheelchair onto the floor, launching a terrible tantrum. It is revealed that Medlock keeps Colin concealed from Mary as she is convinced Mary is capable of killing Colin if she goes anywhere near him. Soon, Mary persuades Colin that the fresh air is safe, and she and Dickon take him outside in his wheelchair to see the secret garden that they have been trying to restore. Mary and Dickon ultimately teach Colin to stand up and walk, but they decide that Lord Craven should be the first to see Colin walking, so they conceal the secret from Medlock and the others. After Medlock states that Colin is gravely ill, she forces Mary and Colin to be separated, locking Mary in her bedroom. Mary however escapes from her room through the second door behind a tapestry. Then she takes Colin and Dickon to the garden to perform magic at night, barefoot. The magic causes Lord Craven to have a dream about his late wife in the secret garden with Colin. Alarmed and terrified, he rushes back to Misselthwaite Manor to find him. Lord Craven goes into the secret garden to find Colin walking quite well now. With Mary  running away, Lord Craven persuades her that she is truly a wanted person. Soon, Mary has learned to cry for the first time, and Lord Craven has regained his sense of humour and laughter. Upon their return to the Manor, Medlock and the other servants are amazed to see Colin walking back independently with Mary and Lord Craven. The film ends with Dickon riding over the Yorkshire countryside on his horse, as the world zooms out around him. Mary speaks of her uncle\'s learning to laugh, and her learning to cry... and that the whole world is a garden.'] ['{{Plot}} Junon Vuillard is Abel Vuillard\'s wife, and the iron-willed matriarch of the Vuillard family. Junon held her family together through many tough times, and although her willpower helped the family survive and prosper, it also has left many bad feelings among her children. Junon is still a handsome woman, and though her husband  has become obese and clearly aged, he retains a remarkable clarity, acceptance, tolerance, and unconditional love for his family, and it is clear that he and their love for each other is the lynchpin that holds an otherwise fragmented family together, albeit uneasily. The couple has three children, all grown and in their 30s. Their eldest daughter is Elizabeth, who is a successful playwright who is married to an equally successful man, Claude. They have one child, 16-year-old Paul, who is mentally ill and taking powerful medication to control his psychiatric problems. The couple\'s middle son is Henri, who drinks too much and has always fought and argued with other members of the family. He has a new girlfriend, Faunia. Ivan is the couple\'s youngest son. He is married to Sylvia, and they have two sons, Basile and Baptiste. Henri and Ivan are close friends with Simon, their cousin who was raised with them after the death of his parents. SImon works in Abel\'s small fabric dying plant, but is an avid and skilled painter in his spare time. He is also an alcoholic who has gotten in trouble many times for brawling in public. All three men dated or were interested in Sylvia at one time, but they manipulated her to think that only Ivan loved her; she married him and grew to love him. The Vuillard family\'s other son, Joseph, never appears alive in this film but is its core throughout, and the presence around which everyone\'s psyches revolve: he died of leukemia when he was six years old, despite a desperate effort to save his life by procreating another child who could be a bone marrow donor for him. It may be that part of the siblings\' poor relationship is the resentment they feel toward one another for not saving Joseph\'s life. Six years prior to the Christmas gathering that is the heart of this film, Henri faced bankruptcy. Elizabeth paid off his debts, but demanded that he never see her again, meaning he was left out of family gatherings as well. Henri kept his promise. The specific reason  for this banishment remains unanswered to the very end, but there is much speculation on the part of the family members throughout the film about what precipitated it, including incest. Just before Christmas, Junon learns that she, too, has leukemia and does not have long to live, though she is offered the potential of a longer lifespan if she gets a bone marrow transplant. Her family gathers at the Vuillard home in Roubaix, a small city in the north of France. The family immediately falls to bickering. Junon asks her children if one of them  will donate bone marrow to her that will allow her to survive. Henri and Elizabeth cruelly fight with one another, and Henri begins drinking heavily and hides Paul\'s medication. Paul fears that the blood test he will have to undergo may also reveal that his father is not his biological parent. Henri initially refuses to have the blood test, because, he claims, he has never loved his mother. Faunia, who is Jewish, has agreed to spend some time with the Vuillards before leaving to spend the holiday with her own family. Her honesty and gentleness have a moderating impact on Henri, and she manages to spend two days with the family before finally leaving. On 23 December, Rosaimée visits the family for dinner and fireworks. Rosaimée was Abel\'s mother\'s friend, although it is suggested that perhaps the two women were lesbian lovers rather than "just friends." Rosaimée tells Syliva that Simon stopped seeing Sylvia because he believed that she would be happier if she fell in love with Ivan. This deeply upsets Sylvia, who feels betrayed and manipulated by Simon. Henri finally has the blood test without anyone\'s knowledge, and discovers he can be a donor. He decides to do so despite his coldness toward his mother. Simon disappears on Christmas Eve and begins drinking heavily in local cafes, and the entire family rushes out into the snow to find him. Sylvia discovers him in a distant cafe, and she confesses that she knows Simon loves her. She and Simon spend several hours talking, then return to the Vuillard home and have sex. Paul tries to tell Henri about his fears. Henri convinces him that he is not his father, a fact reinforced by the blood test, and reassures Paul that he is not a moral failure for being afraid. The man and boy begin to bond, and Paul begins to improve almost overnight. On Christmas Day, Abel and Elizabeth discuss Elizabeth\'s longstanding depression, and Abel reads to her from the prologue to Friedrich Nietzsche\'s On the Genealogy of Morality about how well we know – or don\'t know – ourselves. Abel suggests that Elizabeth fears death, and that has led to her caution and depression. The film ends with Ivan casually discovering that his wife has had sexual intercourse with Simon , but the effect on him is not revealed – he seems remarkably blase, almost as though he has expected that this would happen one day. Sylvia seems to love Simon just as he loves her, and it is suggested that the two have agreed to become lovers. Paul decides to stay behind with Henri, who is having a positive effect on his mental health. Henri donates his bone marrow to Junon, but she announces, seemingly before there would be medical evidence of this, that her body will reject the transplant. Elizabeth speculates that Junon will live, but Henri is shown flipping a coin in the hospital in front of his mother and not revealing the answer.'] ['{{plot}} 15 year old Matt Freeman is the youngest member to be inducted into his school\'s Honor Society. His hard-working, middle-class parents, Dan and Susan Freeman are thrilled that they have one "good" child as they are trying to control their oldest daughter, Alex, who is smoking, having sex with her boyfriend, and failing her classes. During math class, Matt meets Francesca Howell, daughter of the rich Dr. & Juliana Howell. Seeing she is struggling in math, Matt offers to tutor her. Very quickly, Francesca & Matt develop feelings and start going out. Francesca admits to Matt that she has already had sex and finds it to be a stress reliever from having to live up to her parents\' high expectations. One day after school, Matt ditches his best friend, Blaire, goes over to Francesca\'s house and has sex with her. The next day, he admits to Francesca that he isn\'t ready for that kind of relationship and asks to remain good friends. Not long after, Francesca notices she is gaining weight and struggles to keep it hidden from her parents, especially her mother, who is overly critical of her appearance. A few days later, she tells Matt her period is late and they walk to a nearby convenience store, where Matt steals a pregnancy test which comes back positive. Francesca\'s parents quickly notice something is wrong, but believe she is on drugs. Her father finally realizes what is wrong when he sees her throwing up one morning. Dr. Howell calls Matt\'s mother, who is completely shocked and angry, but is quick to assure Matt that she loves him. Matt tells Blaire, who is quick to blame Francesca for the pregnancy and confides to Matt she is worried that what happened will destroy their friendship. Susan calls Dan, who is on a business trip and is unable to make it back in time to meet with the Howells. At the meeting, the Howells explain that Francesca is 5 months pregnant, so the pregnancy cannot be terminated. He also explains that their health insurance covers prenatal care up to 80%, leaving the Freemans to pay the rest. More importantly, Dr. Howell explains to Matt that he believes a closed adoption in an out-of-state placement is the only way to provide the baby with a good solid home and to give both Matt and Francesca their lives back. Matt seems hesitant about placing his child for adoption, but reluctantly agrees when his mother explains it is the only way to safeguard his future. A little later, Susan receives a call from Matt\'s school principal informing her that Matt and Francesca are being involuntarily transferred to a local alternative school for teenage parents, as per school policy. Susan begs the principal not to remove Matt, citing how much he loves school and how upsetting it would be to him and his academic future. The principal sets up a meeting for Susan and Matt to present their case. All around tensions become high. Dr. Howell is not allowing Matt to see Francesca, Alex is clashing with her parents who are insisting she go to college instead of taking a year off to work, and his parents are struggling to help pay Francesca\'s prenatal care expenses. Much to his mother\'s shock and fury, at his school appeal meeting, Matt tells his principal that he wants to transfer to the alternative school with Francesca. He tries to explain to his mother that he feels obligated to go and that he will now be able to get a job to help pay the bills. Matt gets a job at a pizza parlor, but tensions in the family still continue to increase. Matt excels at his job, even though his boss forces him to work later than is legally allowed. Though he gives all of his earnings to his parents, the bills remain high, so Matt starts selling his video games to make extra money. Quickly noticing how tired he is, Matt\'s mother demands that he keep some of his wages for emergencies and allow her to bring him to and from work everyday. She tells Matt how proud she is of him for the way he has acted since Francesca became pregnant. Closer to Francesca\'s due date, the Howells and Freemans meet with a lawyer, who asks Matt and Francesca to sign papers agreeing to surrender the baby to an adoption agency. The lawyer explains that the child\'s birth certificate will be re-issued to show only the adoptive parents, with no mention of any adoption. Matt, who has been struggling with placing his child, reluctantly signs the paper. One night, when Matt catches his mother looking through his baby book, he admits that he can\'t stand knowing that he will never see any pictures of - or even know - his baby. Matt\'s mother understands and asks Dan if he would consider helping Matt raise the baby. Dan is hesitant, saying that the family made a decision and they would have to stick with it. Meanwhile, Susan and Dan mend relations with Alex and apologize for making her feel like a loser because her dreams and goals differ from their intended plans for her. In mid-June, Dr. Howell calls the Freemans to tell them Francesca is going into labor. Dan warns Susan not to go with Matt to the hospital because they\'ll both get too attached to the baby, but Susan and Matt go anyway. At the hospital, Dr. Howell explains, rather rudely, that Francesca gave birth to a baby girl and didn\'t want to hold the baby. Matt, asked Dr. Howell that he wanted to see Francesca but, Dr. Howell told him that she didn\'t want to see him and, hoping that Matt won\'t take it personally. He tells them the baby is in the nursery, and will remain there until she is given to her adoptive parents. Susan and Matt go the nursery to see her, and Matt immediately falls in love with the baby. Dr. Howell is furious to see Matt holding the baby, since Matt has technically signed away his parental rights. Susan tells Dr. Howell that Matt has every right to see his baby and reminds him that the adoption won\'t be final for six months. Back at the house, Alex convinces her father to go with her to the hospital to see the baby. With the family all together at the nursery, Matt begs his parents to let him keep his daughter, and both agree without hesitation. Matt goes back to the lawyer and gets his parental rights returned. He names his new daughter Genevieve and brings her home, where she receives a warm welcome from Susan, Dan, Alex, and Blaire.'] ["After receiving a well-earned certification from a sheltered boarding school, Carla Tate , an ambitious and mildly mentally challenged autistic young woman, returns home to her over-protective mother Elizabeth . Elizabeth seems to act as if she is embarrassed about her daughter's disability. During family discussions, Elizabeth adopts an uneasy attitude. Her wisdom-hard-won father Radley  is a dentist and . Carla's ambition is to seek more independence from her family by earning a diploma from a trade school. When Carla meets another mentally challenged student, Daniel McMann , they become friends and soon fall in love. Envying Danny's freedom, Carla convinces her parents she is capable of living on her own and moves into her own apartment. After a time, Carla and Danny become sexually active together. Danny's independence is financially compromised when his wealthy and emotionally detached father abruptly stops sending subsistence money. Danny begins to realize that the independence he enjoyed comes with a staggering cost. Danny gets drunk, then seeks solace and insight  from his landlord and friend, Ernie . At a Christmas holiday party, nervous about his personal lot, Daniel drinks too much to build up his courage to declare his love for Carla, also telling everyone about their first time making love. A humiliated Carla bursts into tears, screaming at everyone to stop laughing at her. Although Daniel did not intend to embarrass Carla, she nonetheless refuses to see him. Over time, Carla realizes she still loves Danny and wants to see him again despite her mother's advising her otherwise. At her sister's wedding, Danny surprises Carla by showing up at the church and asking Carla to marry him, in a scene mimicking The Graduate, the couple's favorite movie. Everyone supports their wishes except Elizabeth, who is unsure Danny can take care of himself, let alone Carla, who becomes angry, telling her mother she is sick of her dominance and doubt and is also sick of her treating her like an embarrassment. Carla's father and her sisters support her decision, and the wedding is planned. At first, Elizabeth is determined not to attend; but Radley admonishes her, saying he will walk Carla down the aisle, and finally she relents. Outside the church, Danny surprises Carla with a marching band playing a song from The Music Man . . . and they are chauffeured away to their honeymoon in Ernie's prized Mustang."] ['Fox and Jett play a brother and sister who are lead performers in a rock band, The Barbusters, in Cleveland, Ohio. The sister, Patti Rasnick, is an unmarried mother and has a troubled relationship with her own mother, who is deeply religious. Estranged from her parents and struggling to make ends meet, Patti decides to dive headlong into a carefree rock music lifestyle. The brother, Joe Rasnick, pulls away from rock music to provide some stability for his young nephew. It takes a family crisis to bring Patti back home and force her to face the prickly past with her mother.'] ['Soul Food is told through the eyes of 11-year-old Ahmad , follows the trials of the Joseph family, a close-knit Chicago family that gets together to have Sunday dinner every week, with plenty of soul food to go around. As Mother  Joe  has three daughters, who each have had varying success in life: oldest daughter Teri  has become a successful lawyer but has also suffered relationship problems ever since her younger sister Maxine  stole and married Teri\'s old boyfriend, Kenny . Teri\'s current husband, Miles , also a lawyer, desires to follow his dreams of being an R&B musician, which Teri doesn\'t seem to support. Youngest Joseph daughter Robin —nicknamed "Bird"—has just opened a barbershop/beauty parlor, and most of the family is uneasy about her marriage to Lem , an ex-convict. These problems are complicated when Mother Joe, the diabetic but wise and caring matriarch of the family and the glue that holds it together, suffers a debilitating stroke during an operation to amputate her leg and slips into a coma. Without her guidance, the family begins to fall apart. Teri takes in her troubled cousin Faith , who grows close to, and eventually gets caught having sex with Miles by Teri. As an ex-con, Lem cannot find a job, so Bird makes an uneasy deal with her ex-boyfriend Simuel St. James  to get Lem a job, but this leads to a series of events that eventually cause him to be arrested again. By contrast, Kenny and Maxine are reasonably stable, and have their third child at the beginning of the film; however, Teri and Maxine\'s constant feuding—stemmed mainly from Teri\'s jealousy of Maxine\'s successful relationship with Kenny and her frustration over everyone seemingly taking advantage of her wealth, as well as Maxine\'s resentfulness of Teri\'s bossiness and insensitivity to family tradition—are the main factors in what starts to drive the family apart. Ahmad, Kenny and Maxine\'s oldest child, is worried about the state of his extended family, and conspires to find a way to bring them all back together. Ahmad tells everyone about a stash of money that Big Mama had hidden away some time ago though everyone believes that this is simply a myth, however, Ahmad manages to get everyone together for Sunday dinner. Things go a bit uneasy at first but everyone is upset that there was no money at all; Maxine chastises her son for lying about the money but Ahmad says tearfully that it was the only way to get everyone back together again. As Maxine is comforting her son, the kitchen accidentally catches on fire, they all work together to try and to put it out; when they put the fire out, Uncle Pete, Big Mama\'s brother, comes down with his television and drops it to reveal the money that Big Mama had hidden away. Things start to go well for the family, despite Miles and Teri\'s divorce, he still comes by for Sunday dinner, Lem and Bird are expecting their first child, Faith is finally becoming part of the family again and Uncle Pete who never came out of his room, starts to join the family.'] ["In the mountainous wilds of British Columbia circa 1885, a young bear cub suffers the accidental death of his mother from a rockslide. Forced to fend for himself, the cub struggles to find food and shelter. Elsewhere in the mountains, a large male grizzly is pursued by two trophy hunters ([[Jack Wallace . Although the younger hunter attempts to kill the bear, his shot fails to take the animal down, and the wounded bear flees. Coming across the grizzly a short time later, the cub attempts to befriend him. Uninterested in the cub and distracted by his wound, the adult bear warns the young orphan away with a growl. The cub approaches again, however, and manages to soothingly lick the other bear's wound. A friendship forms between the two bears, and the grizzly takes the orphan under his wing, teaching him to fish and hunt. At night, the cub suffers from nightmares, reliving the tragic death of his mother. Determined to find the grizzly, the two hunters are joined by a third man  and a pack of hunting Beaucerons. A chase ensues, in which both bears are driven toward a cliff, with the dogs in pursuit. While the cub hides, the grizzly lures the dogs away, killing some of them. He then escapes over the pass with the remaining dogs following behind. The hunters arrive to find their dogs dead or badly injured, one of them being the favorite Airedale Terrier of one of the hunters. Finding the frightened cub, they take him to their camp, where he is tethered to a tree, and tormented by a vicious dog. That night, the hunters plot how to kill the grizzly. The next day, the hunters separate, with the younger one manning a spot high on a cliff near a waterfall. His gun out of reach, the hunter suddenly finds himself cornered by the grizzly, who rears and roars at the sight of the man. Faced with certain death, the hunter cowers in fear. The grizzly, seemingly affected by the hunter's distress, turns and leaves. The young hunter, impressed by the bear's act of mercy, attempts to scare him off more quickly by shooting his gun into the air. When the hunter's companion joins him, having heard the gunshots, the younger man tells him that the bear is dead. However, spying the bear ascending a scree, the older man raises his rifle to shoot, only to be stopped by the other man. The two hunters return to their camp empty-handed, where they free the young cub and then ride off into the wilderness. Alone again, the cub is soon confronted by a cougar, who corners the young bear near a stream. Trying to defend himself against the animal's attacks, the bear struggles to roar. Suddenly, a loud and menacing roar chases the cougar away. Seeing that it was the adult grizzly that frightened off the cougar, the young cub runs to his side. As winter approaches, the two bears enter a cave together for hibernation."] ["American Heart tells the story of a recently released convict  pursued by his 12-year-old son , who hungers for a father and insists on joining him on Seattle's skid row."] ["When Zak and his girlfriend Delphina visit his estranged father in the Catskills, they find him suffering from dementia and inadvertently uncover a dark family secret from WWII: an impossible sacrifice Zak's grandfather  made to join Rudolph Kasztner's controversial freedom train out of Hungary."] ['A love story about a young couple from a village in the northern-east part of Taiwan. The boy, Ah-yuan goes to Taipei to work after graduating from junior high school so he can earn money to send home. The girl, Ah-yun follows him the next year and they work hard to earn enough money to marry. Then Ah-yuan must spend three years in the military and the girl marries someone else. Although Ah-yuan regrets what happened he does not blame Ah-yun.'] ["Shortly after the American Civil War, southern belle Elizabeth Lloyd  marries a northerner, Jack Sherman . Her father Colonel Lloyd  disowns her in anger and retaliation. Elizabeth and Jack move west where they become parents of a girl they name Lloyd Sherman. Six years later, Lloyd Sherman is made an honorary colonel in the Army. Elizabeth returns to the south with little Lloyd and settles in a cottage near Colonel Lloyd’s mansion while her husband Jack remains in the west prospecting for gold. When Colonel Lloyd discovers his daughter living in the neighborhood, he treats her with disdain. Little Lloyd learns of her parents’ past from housekeeper Mom Beck , and, when she meets her grandfather for the first time, throws mud at him. The two eventually become contentious friends. Elizabeth’s husband returns from the west with a fever. He has lost everything in his prospecting venture, but the family is saved from complete ruin when the Union Pacific Railroad requests right of way across Jack’s western property. Jack's former prospecting partners have heard of the Railroad’s offer and try to swindle Jack. They resort to holding the Sherman couple hostage until the deed to their valuable property is located. Little Lloyd runs through dark woods for her grandfather but he refuses to help. He changes his mind when little Lloyd says she never wants to see him again. They arrive at the cottage just in time to save Elizabeth and Jack. The film ends with a brief Technicolor sequence featuring a 'pink party' for little Lloyd, her friends, and her reconciled family."] ["On a hot summer night in Provincetown, Momma Tillerman abandons her four children, thirteen-year-old Dicey, ten-year-old James, nine-year-old Maybeth, and six-year-old Sammy, in a mall. With only a change of underwear, a map, and nine dollars, Dicey, James, Maybeth, and Sammy take off on foot to Bridgeport where their nearest known relative, Aunt Cilla, lives. Along the way, Dicey struggles to care for and protect her siblings. After finally arriving at Aunt Cilla’s, Eunice, their cousin, tells them that Aunt Cilla had died last spring. Eunice consults Father Joseph, who decides that the children may stay but only temporarily. Eunice tells Dicey of Abigail Tillerman, their grandmother, who lives in Crisfield, Maryland, and gives them some money. Dicey decides to take her siblings to their grandmother's house, but upon arriving they realize they do not know where she lives. While stopping at a store, a woman tells them that Abigail doesn’t have a phone and is isolated clear out of town. Dicey decides to meet her alone, so she leaves James in charge of Maybeth and Sammy. After knocking on the door and getting no answer, Dicey goes around back to see Mrs. Tillerman sitting on the back porch. Dicey asks if she can do anything to help on the farm. Mrs. Tillerman silently marches back into the house before asking Dicey to join her Inside, she questions Dicey about her thoughts on death and other such morbid things. When realizes she needs to just get up and leave, Abigail tells Dicey that Eunice wrote to warn her the children would be coming and that she knows who Dicey is. However, she will not let the children stay. Dicey fires back, stating she doesn't want to stay. In the midst of the fierce conversation that ensues, Abigail begins to laugh and softens Dicey’s mood a little. Abigail and Dicey takes her boat to pick up the other children, and Dicey is scared when she doesn't see her siblings. Eventually, Dicey and Abigail find Sammy, who says James and Maybeth wanted to meet Abigail themselves and have already left. They return to Abigail's to find James and Maybeth just arriving. Over the next few days, the children help their grandmother around the farm and with the cooking and Abigail begins to warm toward them. However, Abigail tells Dicey she can't let the children stay with her as she is too old, has no money and fears making the same mistakes she made with her own children. She insists the children must go back to Bridgeport and arranges for them to take the morning bus. As they wait for the bus, defeated, Abigail realizes she wants the children to stay."] ['Pablo aka "El Bola"  http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Jos%C3%A9_Ballesta is a twelve year old boy who suffers abuse by his father . His violent family situation prevents him from having friends at school until a new kid, Alfredo , arrives at school. The warm, caring atmosphere in Alfredo\'s family provides a stark contrast to Pablo\'s oppressive situation under his father. Soon, Pablo finds a different reality in his new friend\'s family who teaches him to confront with courage his worst fears.'] ["Kresten has moved from his parents' farm on a small Danish island to Copenhagen to pursue his working career. When his father dies, he has to move back to the farm, where nothing much has happened since he left. He places an ad in the local newspaper to get help running the farm and taking care of his retarded brother. The prostitute Liva, who is running away from harassing telephone calls, takes the job. But running away from one's past isn't easy."] ['Cale Bryant is an eighteen year old boy. He decides to delve deeper into his passion, debuting in the world of Motocross. Now that he is an adult, he decides to choose his own future, for once, independently, to help him become a champion with the support of parents and his girlfriend. After hard training, Cale, decided to enroll in the National Championship for amateur motocross, convinced that he can win.'] ["During his year in the fifth grade, ten-year-old Joshua Beal ([[Joseph Cross  begins a personal search to find answers about life and death — a journey triggered by the passing of his beloved grandfather .Wide Awake Yahoo! Movies. Josh attends Waldron Mercy Academy, a private Catholic boys' school . The adults in his world have not been able to convince him that his grandfather is in good hands, so he sets out on a personal mission to find God. In their varying ways he is guided on his metaphorical journey by his best friend Dave  and a baseball-loving nun  who teaches at his school. Josh shows doubts about his religion as he questions if God truly exists, particularly when Dave is diagnosed with epilepsy and the moments as Josh experiences his first crush. As his academic year comes to end, he finds his answer in an unexpected way.Overview The New York Times."] ['{{Plot}} The elderly and pious Christian sisters Martine  and Philippa  live in a small village on the remote western coast of Jutland in 19th-century Denmark. Their father was a pastor who founded his own Christian sect. With their father now dead, and the sect drawing no new converts, the aging sisters preside over their dwindling congregation of white-haired believers. The story flashes back 49 years, showing the sisters in their youth. The beautiful sisters have many suitors, but their father rejects them all, and indeed derides marriage. Each daughter is courted by an impassioned suitor visiting Jutland &ndash; Martine by a charming young Swedish cavalry officer, Lorens Löwenhielm, sent to stay with his aunt in Jutland for the summer to correct bad behavior. Philippa is pursued by a star baritone, Achille Papin, from the Paris opera, on hiatus to the silence of the coast. The young officer Lorens, upon meeting Martine, envisions "a higher and purer life without creditor\'s letters or parental lectures and with a gentle angel at his side." He attends the congregation\'s meetings, but feels unnoticed by Martine. Finally, he walks away feeling unworthy of Martine, having spent his life as a dissolute gambler. When the French baritone attempts to take Philippa to Paris and gets carried away and kisses her during a rehearsal of a duet from Don Giovanni, Philippa decides to discontinue the lessons and turns down his offer of stardom and wealth. Thirty five years later, Babette Hersant  appears at their door. She carries only a letter from Philippa\'s former suitor, the singer Achille Papin, explaining that she is a refugee from counter-revolutionary bloodshed in Paris, and recommending her as a housekeeper. The sisters take Babette in, and as their cook for the next 14 years, she serves as a modest but benign figure who gradually eases their lives and the lives of many in the remote village. Her only link to her former life is a lottery ticket that a friend in Paris renews for her every year. One day, she wins the lottery of 10,000 francs. Instead of using the money to return to Paris and her lost lifestyle, she decides to spend it preparing a delicious dinner for the sisters and their small congregation on the occasion of the founding pastor\'s hundredth birthday. More than just a feast, the meal is an outpouring of Babette\'s appreciation, an act of self-sacrifice; Babette tells no one that she is spending her entire winnings on the meal. The sisters accept both Babette\'s meal and her offer to pay for the creation of a "real French dinner". Babette returns to Paris to arrange for supplies to be sent to Jutland. The ingredients are plentiful, sumptuous and exotic, and their arrival causes much discussion amongst the village. As the various never-before-seen ingredients arrive, and preparations commence, the sisters begin to worry that the meal will become a great sin of sensual luxury, if not some form of devilry. In a hasty conference, the sisters and the congregation agree to eat the meal, but to forego speaking of any pleasure in it, and to make no mention of the food during the entire dinner. The final part of the film is the preparation and the serving of Babette\'s banquet, lavishly deployed in the unadorned austerity of the sisters\' rustic home. The film, previously showing mainly winterly whites and grays, gradually picks up more and more colors, focusing on the various and delectable dishes. Martine\'s former suitor, Lorens, now a famous general married to a member of the Queen\'s court, reappears as one of the guests with his aunt, the local lady of the manor and a member of the old pastor\'s congregation. He is unaware of the other guests\' austere plans, and as a man of the world and former attache in Paris, he is the only person at the table qualified to comment on the meal. He regales the guests with abundant information about the extraordinary food and drink, comparing it to a meal he enjoyed years earlier at the famous "Café Anglais" in Paris. Although the other celebrants refuse to comment on the earthly pleasures of their meal, Babette\'s gifts breaks down their distrust and superstitions, elevating them physically and spiritually. Old wrongs are forgotten, ancient loves are rekindled, and a mystical redemption of the human spirit settles over the table. Babette\'s menu begins with an amontillado and features "Potage à la Tortue" ; "Blinis Demidoff au Caviar" ; "Caille en Sarcophage avec Sauce Perigourdine" ; a salad featuring Belgian chicory and walnuts in a vinaigrette; and "Les Fromages" featuring blue cheese, papaya, figs, grapes, pineapple, and pomegranate. The grand finale dessert is "Savarin au Rhum avec des Figues et Fruits Glacées" . Numerous rare wines, including an 1845 Clos de Vougeot, along with an 1860 Veuve Clicquot champagne and spirits, complete the menu. Babette\'s purchase of the finest china, crystal and linen with which to set the table ensures that the luxurious food and drink is served in a style worthy of Babette, who is none other than the famous former Chef of the Café Anglais. Babette kept her past a secret from the sisters for years, not revealing it until after the meal. The sisters assume that Babette will now return to Paris, and when she tells them that all of her money is gone and that she is not going anywhere, the sisters are aghast. Babette then tells them that dinner for 12 at the Café Anglais has a price of 10,000 francs. Martine tearfully says, "Now you will be poor the rest of your life", to which Babette replies, "An artist is never poor."'] ['In a prologue, socialite Charlotte Cartwright  hosts the wedding of her best friend Alice Evans\'  daughter Andrea , who is marrying ambitious construction worker Chris Bennett . The couple is congratulated by Charlotte\'s son William  and his wife Jillian , who deprived Charlotte of planning an elaborate reception for them by eloping. William suggests the newlyweds contact him for employment with the Cartwright family\'s highly successful Atlanta construction company after they return from their honeymoon. Four years later, Ben , is married to Andrea\'s sister Pam . Pam looks after Andrea\'s three-year-old son for extra income while working at her mother\'s diner. It troubles her that Andrea doesn\'t do more to help their mother financially when her designer clothes and new Mercedes make it clear she is prospering. What Pam doesn\'t realize is her sister is involved in an extramarital affair with William and enjoying all the perks that come with the relationship. Chris has dreams of opening his own construction firm with Ben, but Andrea - who clearly now thinks she\'s much better than her husband because of her success - ridicules him and his aspirations. He and Ben apply for a loan at the bank and are declined, but he accidentally discovers his wife has nearly $300,000 on deposit in a secret account. When Andrea returns home late one night to find Chris sorting through financial records she had hidden, she claims the money is an accumulation of bonuses she received from William and insists she has the right to keep some things private from her spouse. Telling him he never will be as charming and successful as William, she refuses to finance his dream. William is determined to wrest control of the company from Charlotte, and is certain the $500 million deal he recently has closed will prove he\'s capable of running the firm. Instead, his mother hires Abby Dexter  as COO. She determines the company will have to front $25 million to make William\'s new deal viable, and the only way to raise the money is for Charlotte to sell 10% of her shares, thus leaving her with a minority vote. William reminds Abby his vote combined with his mother\'s will give the Cartwrights continued control, and she advises Charlotte to sell her shares. Charlotte suggests she and Alice take a road trip in the vintage turquoise Cadillac convertible she has purchased. Alice initially declines but eventually agrees, and the two women head west, following neither a set route nor timetable. Rambunctiously adventurous Charlotte introduces Alice to honky tonks and strip clubs with male dancers, while religiously strait-laced Alice reciprocates by bringing Charlotte to a communal baptism so her soul can be saved. Late one night, when Charlotte becomes unduly stressed while trying to deal with her digital camera, she reveals she has been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer\'s disease and has been told there is nothing that can be done to slow the process of her mental decline. Meanwhile both Jillian and Abby become aware of Andrea and William\'s affair. Although Jillian makes a flippant remark to Chris that Andrea is with her husband, he is oblivious. William then fires both Chris and Ben after being approached for investment money to start a separate construction business on their own. Abby then fires Andrea, who has been told by Jillian to stay away from her husband William. Charlotte and Alice return to Atlanta, where Andrea confronts and gets mad at Chris for depositing her $300,000 into a business account, the majority of which has already been distributed. She says that he is tired of him and that he and Ben will never be like William. Ben remarks that nobody is trying to be like him and that she can\'t see that because of the affair. Chris pulls Andrea aside and she tells him the money came from William and that he is her man. Chris, furious, slaps Andrea and she falls over the counter. He arguably says that she thinks that he was crazy. She says keep the money and throws some money in his face and says to get some boxes and get his stuff. Chris couldn\'t believe that after 5 years they have been married, she would talk to him like that. He wonders about their son and Andrea says that William is the father. Meanwhile, William is plotting a takeover of the family firm. Although she and her mother-in-law never have been close, Jillian warns Charlotte about her son\'s plan. Charlotte then calls a board meeting and fires William from the company, telling him she has the support of the Calvary Company; until now a silent investor that turns out to be Alice, who for years has been given financial guidance by Nick Blanchett , a homeless man she frequently fed and cared for at her diner. Nick\'s story behind his homelessness is explained earlier by Alice to her daughter Pam while at the diner. Alice explains to her that Nick had at one point been a frequent customer of Alice\'s who would leave her "big tips" and loved her coffee. One day Nick lost his job and not long afterward, his wife died and Nick then lost custody of his children. In an assumed severe untreated depression, Nick now lived "wherever". Nick still came into the diner on a regular basis and would repay Alice for her kindness by giving her secretly solid financial investment advice. It is later revealed that the job Nick lost had been working for William, who fired Nick without cause. William\'s downfall allows Nick to find some comfort as well as satisfaction/vindication. In the parking lot, William is approached by Andrea who, unaware of the recent turn of events, expects him to back her in her battle with Abby and leave Jillian to marry her. Instead, he tells her their affair is over and drives away, despite her claim that her son is his. Alice later receives a call from Charlotte, when she tells her that she is dying of a deadly combination of pills, which causes Alice to have an emotionial breakdown & as she questions "are you living or existing?" Alice makes a eulogy at her funeral, which becomes a song as the movie ends with Chris leaves Andrea and Andrea moves into a small apartment with their son, whose paternity is left unresolved, Chris gives her some money then leaves her at the doorstep. However, Chris is now successful and wealthier while Andrea is poor in an ironic twist. Chris and Ben open their own firm, Nick is wealthy and buys a house of his own, and Alice decides to sell the diner. Getting into the car Charlotte left her, she resolves to stop procrastinating and enjoy life while she can and, with a photo of the two friends taped to the dashboard, she heads north.'] ["Based on a true story from Japan, Hachi is a film about loyalty and the rare, invincible bonds that occasionally form almost instantaneously in the most unlikely places. In the modern day, a class full of young students are giving oral presentations about personal heroes. A boy named Ronnie stands up and begins to tell of 'Hachiko', his grandfather's dog. Years before, an Akita puppy is sent from Japan to the United States, but his cage falls off the baggage cart at an American train station, where he is found by college professor Parker Wilson. Parker is instantly captivated by the dog. When Carl, the station controller, refuses to take him, Parker takes the puppy home overnight. His wife Cate is insistent about not keeping the puppy. The next day, Parker expects that someone will have contacted the train station, but no one has. He sneaks the pup onto the train and takes him to work, where a Japanese college professor, Ken, translates the symbol on the pup's collar as 'Hachi', Japanese for 'good fortune', and the number 8. Parker decides to call the dog 'Hachi'. Ken points out that perhaps the two are meant to be together. Parker attempts to play fetch with Hachi, but he refuses to join in. Meanwhile Cate receives a call about someone wanting to adopt Hachi. After seeing how close her husband has come to Hachi, however, Cate tells the caller that Hachi has already been adopted. A few years later, Hachi and Parker are as close as ever. Parker, however, is still mystified by Hachi's refusal to do normal, dog-like things like chase and retrieve a ball. Ken advises him that Hachi will only bring him the ball for a special reason. One morning, Parker leaves for work and Hachi sneaks out and follows him to the train station, where he refuses to leave until Parker walks him home. That afternoon, Hachi sneaks out again and walks to the train station, waiting patiently for Parker's train to come in. Eventually Parker relents and walks Hachi to the station every morning, where he leaves on the train. Hachi leaves after Parker's safe departure, but comes back in the afternoon to see his master's train arrive and walk with him home again. This continues for some time, until one afternoon Parker attempts to leave, but Hachi barks and refuses to go with him. Parker eventually leaves without him, but Hachi chases him, holding his ball. Parker is surprised but pleased that Hachi is finally willing to play fetch the ball with him. Worried that he will be late for the college, Professor Parker leaves on the train despite Hachi barking at him. At work that day Parker, still holding Hachi's ball, is teaching his music class when he suddenly suffers a fatal heart attack. At the train station, Hachi waits patiently as the train arrives, but there is no sign of Parker. He remains, lying in the snow, for several hours, until Parker's son-in-law Michael  comes to collect him. The next day, Hachi returns to the station and waits, remaining all day and all night. As time passes, Cate sells the house and Hachi is sent to live with her daughter Andy , Michael, and their new baby Ronnie. However, at the first opportunity, he escapes and eventually finds his way back to his old house and then to the train station, where he sits at his usual spot, eating hot dogs given to him by Jasjeet, a local vendor. Andy arrives soon after and takes him home, but lets him out the next day to return to the station. For the next nine years, Hachi waits for his owner. His loyalty is profiled in the local newspaper. Years after Parker's death, Cate comes back to visit Parker's grave when she catches sight of Hachi, now old and achy, waiting at the station. She gets emotional and sits next to Hachi until the next train comes. Hachi returns to the train station late at night and closes his eyes for the last time. Then, Parker walks out of the station and greets him as if nothing has changed at all, and the two reunite as their spirits rise up to Heaven to be together forever. The film then shows Ronnie, back in his classroom, making his conclusion of why Hachi will forever be his hero. Ronnie's story has clearly moved the class, with some holding back tears. After school, Ronnie sees his own Akita puppy, also named Hachi, walk down the same tracks where Parker and Hachi spent so many years together. The closing cards reveal information about the real Hachikō, who was born in Ōdate in 1923. After the death of his owner, Hidesaburo Ueno, in 1925, Hachikō returned to the Shibuya train station the next day and every day after that for the next nine years. The final card reveals that the real Hachikō died in 1934 . A photo of his statue in the Shibuya train station is the last image shown before the credits roll."] ['The story is told from the perspective of a young boy  growing up in the 1950s and 1960s in Beijing. Three episodes – Hundred Flowers Campaign, the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution – show the family members evolving, e.g. from the real father, the "loving patriarch," to the protective but unemotional stepfather.  The first episode, entitled "Father," begins with a wedding between Lin Shaolong and Chen Shujuan in the early 1950s, shortly after the Communist victory. The wedding draws the whole neighborhood, a happy moment that will soon serve as a stark contrast with the years to come. The house and courtyard are shown in a warm bright light as children play happily together. The couple soon give birth to a son, Tietou, meaning "iron head." In these early years Tietou\'s father creates for him a blue kite, a symbol that will remain throughout the film as a sign of better days. The father meanwhile, who works in a library, unbeknown to him, submitted "advice" through a well-meaning colleague to the Party as per the Hundred Flowers Campaign. Another colleague, Li, also named in this document, was coerced into giving statements against Lin. Meanwhile, Chen Shujuan\'s brothers and sister find themselves swept up by the events of the day: Her older brother, an army pilot, begins to lose his eyesight, and loses his girlfriend to powerful party leaders seeking her company; her youngest brother leads a "critique of the party" that he feels is in line with the "Hundred Flowers Campaign"; while their oldest sister, a revolutionary from China\'s civil war, seeks to keep them in line with party doctrine and party thinking. This soon returns to haunt all of them as the Hundred Flowers movement is followed by the Anti-Rightist Movement. We soon find out that Shujuan\'s older bother was going blind, and will soon be forced to leave the party. The girl he loved also resigned over her refusal to meet with senior party members in clandestine affairs. Without given cause, simply that she was flaming "counter revolutionary thoughts", she was taken away to prison. Shujuan\'s youngest brother, an art school student, was called to task for his "critique" of the party and shown standing before his fellow students as they rally against him. In one of the film\'s most chilling scenes, the Lin Shaolong\'s workplace has convened a meeting on the issue of who they will have to report to the Communist Party as a "rightist" in order to meet Mao\'s quota. The father quickly leaves for the bathroom. When he returns, all eyes are on him, it is clear who his colleagues have selected. Realizing his terrible mistake of leaving, the father briefly mistreats his son. Tietou, just a small boy, is still bitter when his father is sent to a work camp. Shujuan\'s youngest brother was also sent to a reeducation camp. The chapter ends when Tietou\'s mother receives a letter; his father has been killed by a falling tree.  The second episode of the film is entitled "uncle" and deals with Tietou\'s mother\'s courtship by Li, her husband\'s former colleague, and subsequent remarriage to "Uncle" Li. Li felt haunted by his role in sending his friend to the work camp which resulted in Lin\'s death. Li spent every moment helping out the mother and child, and every penny in easing their distress in the rapidly declining society. The episode begins with a group picture during a wedding, with the men wearing blue work uniforms. Much of the episode\'s palette seems to follow this opening trope as both the courtyard and house are shown in a cold blue. Uncle Li cares for the boy\'s material needs and desires but it soon grows clear that his health is failing. Li wants to become a party member, and is working feverishly at his job. Soon, malnutrition during the Great Leap Forward takes its toll and Uncle Li dies due to his poor health.  No wedding ceremony, no feelings shown at all. This marriage is just to save the mother and son from poverty, and to give them protection. They move in with the stepfather . The house is so big that everyone has his own room, no family life at all. Meanwhile, the Cultural Revolution is about to break forth led by adolescents seeking to "rebel" against those who seek to reign them in: their parents, teachers, and even party members the central government deemed dangerous. The stepfather, a prominent party member about to be disgraced, worries about saving his wife and stepson and does what he can to provide a safe life for them before it is too late. He offers them money and to divorce Shujuan. Perhaps unable to see another husband taken from her, Shujuan returns to her husband\'s home as he\'s being lifted out of his home by the rebelling Red Guards. The last scenes are of Tietou\'s mother being dragged away by Red Guards, who also beat Tietou. At the end the boy is lying on the ground, bloodied. In a voiceover, he tells of his stepfather\'s death from heart failure, his mother is sent to the work camps, but his own fate is left unknown. The camera pans out from his bruised body as he lies there looking up to see a broken blue kite hanging in the tree.'] ["Life is hard for Avocet Abigale 'Bird' Jackson  and her sister Phoebe , constantly putting up with their parents arguments. Their father, Billy ([[John Savage  is always beating their mother Glory Marie  and every time things seem to go right between Glory Marie and Billy, yet another argument begins. Unable to put up with it any longer Glory Marie tells Billy she's taking the girls and leaving him, he punches her and knocks her teeth out, then drives off in the car. Later that evening a policeman ([[David Hart  shows up at the door to tell them that Billy has killed himself. Set on starting a new life Glory Marie takes her daughters and moves to a motel in Florida, where she get a job as a bookkeeper in the motel office run by Louis Ippolito . They move into an old trailer because there are no rooms. Bird becomes friends with a kind black woman named Zora Williams  who Glory Marie warns her to stay away from. Glory Marie begins to drink heavily, and beats Phoebe with a brush for staying out late with Louis' son L.J . She later hits Bird on the head with a mug for asking for a bike for Christmas. Glory Marie's estranged son Hank  comes to visit for Christmas, as he left home because of his parents and there is still some friction between them. Bird spends more and more time with Zora, behind Glory Marie's back, she feels better about being with her because she know there can be a better life for her. Phoebe finally stands up to Glory Marie when she calls Phoebe a tramp for the way she's dressed and slaps her, Phoebe slaps her back. Glory Marie eventually discovers that Bird has been visiting Zora and violently beats her with a belt and leaves. Phoebe takes her to Zora. When Glory Marie returns the next morning she barges into Zora's and demands her daughters come back with her but Zora has a word with her and tells her she understands. When her husband died she ignored her daughter, but she never hit her, and she is going to see her daughter again, but she is not going anywhere until she knows the girls are safe. Glory Marie makes the hardest decision of her life when she decides to send her daughters away with Zora. On their last day together, Glory Marie makes them dinner, washes folds, and packs all their clothes and she brushes Bird's hair, with the same brush she used to beat Phoebe. When the girls leave with Zora, Bird is unsure if she will ever see her mother again."] ['Following the death of his mother, an Irish immigrant, Chad has traveled overseas to the small island community which was his mother\'s hometown. In addition to facing the initial prejudices of his mother\'s estranged family, Chad finds himself the unwitting center of an ongoing conflict between his uncle Tony  and local bar owner Joe Brady , who have been at loggerheads since Chad\'s mother left twenty years before. Further complications ensue when Chad develops a relationship with Brady\'s daughter Aislin , as her jealous friend Peter O\'Boyce  looks on in disgust and arousal. Peter then attempts to stop the ensuing romance, and in doing so, lands himself in some \'mega-trouble\'. Romance, the young boy later describes in a thick Rathnew accent, in echo with the film itself, is "an American ting".'] ['Elizabeth Wakefield, a young girl who lives in New Zealand during the 1950s, idolizes Queen Elizabeth II and writes to her continuously when she hears the queen will be making a visit to New Zealand, to convince her to make her town one of the stops. The town was built on land originally owned by the Maori, the native tribe who lives there. The thoughts in the town are the Maori are not to be trusted, and there is resentment as the young boys of the tribe start to take jobs from the white English townspeople. Elizabeth\'s brother is one such who had his job taken, because he was lazy and unsuitable. He lies to his family so his father will continue to make his car payments for him. However, he decides to take his animosity out on the local "crazy" Maori lady, Hira Mata. She was the daughter of the chief of the tribe, and very proud of her heritage and stubborn and resentful of the local ladies auxiliary that continually tries to get her to sell the last piece of the land the tribe owns...the land her house is built on, which comprises several acres. Her window is broken by Elizabeth\'s brother, leading her to steal the money he has hidden in his room to anonymously pay Hira back for the damage. That plan somewhat fails as the ground is very muddy, and the porch around Hira\'s house squeaks when she steps on it. Hira comes to investigate the noise, causing Elizabeth and her best friend Annabell to turn tail and run into hiding quickly. Elizabeth loses a shoe, and goes back the next day, hoping to get it back before Hira notices she is there. Hira however was expecting that whoever lost the shoe knew who had broken her window, if they weren\'t directly responsible for it themselves. She terrifies Elizabeth at first, but she is struck by the presence of Hira and decides to try to help her out. Over the coming weeks, Elizabeth and Hira form a strong bond of friendship and a sense of family. In the meantime, Queen Elizabeth has decided to stop in the town of Middleton and the ladies auxiliary is buzzing with ways to show her the best parts of the town. Elizabeth\'s father believes his cheese factory should be one of the stops, but is blocked at every turn by the granddaughter of the founder of the town. She plans to have the Queen go see her rhododendrin trust, where she has cultivated several acres of this flower. She also plans to give to the queen a pair of pearl-handled silver dueling pistols, presumably given to her grandfather by the queen\'s great uncle. Elizabeth learns of this, and despite her father not wanting her to visit Hira, she goes to the house and learns the pistols were actually given to Hira\'s father, the chief of the tribe. He had given in return a gift of his ceremonial spear. Elizabeth uses every trick she can to keep the ladies of the town from blocking Hira from the queen, so her story can be told. This leads to her learning about the history of the tribe, and coming to respect them so much, she adopts them. This has disastrous consequences in how she is treated around the town. She was in line to lead her drill team squad in the parade for the queen, which would have allowed her to greet the queen and present her case about the pistols. However the headmaster threatened the instructor for the squad, and Annabell was chosen instead. Not willing to give up, Elizabeth plans to march in the parade anyway to try to find a way to present her case. Her brother and his group of bully boys discover her and lock her in her dog Kupe\'s pen. Annabell is worried, and goes to find her. Elizabeth manages to escape by cutting the rope tying the gate shut with the medallion Hira gave her. Together, she and Annabell discover the queen has received all the letters Elizabeth had been writing, and was so intrigued by her story of Hira Mata, she decided to make that her stop in Middleton. When Annabell defers to Elizabeth about presenting the pistols, she is finally able to state her case. The queen not only agrees, but returns to Hira Mata her father\'s ceremonial spear, as a gesture of good will and friendship between the Maori tribe and the English Crown.'] ["Harry Mention , an enigmatic, Mephistophelesque drifter from the South, comes to visit an old acquaintance named Gideon ([[Paul Butler , who now lives in South-Central Los Angeles. Harry's charming, down-home manner hides a malicious penchant for stirring up trouble, and he exerts a strange and powerful effect on Gideon and his thoroughly assimilated black, middle-class family, including wife Suzie  and sons Junior  and Babe Brother . After Gideon suffers a stroke, Harry's influence over the family grows, in particular over Babe Brother, the youngest son. Harry introduces him to a lifestyle of drinking and gambling, and encourages him to leave his wife to join Harry and his friends on the road. However, before Babe Brother gets a chance to leave, Junior confronts him. They fight, and their mother gets stabbed in the hand trying to separate them. After taking her to the hospital, Babe Brother decides to stay with his family instead of joining Harry. When Harry comes back to collect some things, he slips on some marbles belonging to Babe Brother's son, and dies. Soon after, Gideon gets out of his bed for the first time in months, causing the viewer to question the relationship between Harry's presence in the house and Gideon's sickness."] ['{{Plot}} The movie starts as a flashback to Lucy Collins as a little girl. Her mother takes the kids to see a shopping mall Santa Claus, who happens to be the real one. Santa is nearing the end of his 200 year reign as St. Nick, and needs to find a replacement, someone who enjoys the Christmas season and it is shown from the heart. His search involves his hat and an elf assistant named Ralph . Nick puts the hat on every kid. If the hat glows, it means that person has the real Christmas spirit. He sees a lot of kids, and none of them glow. When Lucy sits on his lap, he puts the hat on her and it glows brightly, proving she\'d make a good new Santa Claus, though&mdash;in this flashback&mdash;his reign still has 30–40 years to go. The movie returns to present day. It is Nick\'s last Christmas as Santa, and he must find Lucy again. He locates her in Los Angeles where she works as a network executive for the "Shop-A-Lot" Channel. She seems to have forgotten about the Christmas spirit , and focuses more on her job than her family. Lucy\'s boss  wants a big sales boost for the holiday. He comes up with the idea of hiring a fake Santa Claus to advertise Christmas memorabilia. Lucy holds Santa auditions with mostly horrible participants. Lucy nearly gives up hope, but then sees Nick, who is jolly and obviously loves the season. Lucy hires him. In Nick\'s first few days at work, calls come in big numbers and the network sells more Christmas stuff than any other shopping network. After congratulations and a salary raise, Nick couldn\'t be happier. He walks around the once-unpleasant community and begins to see the Christmas spirit for which he long hoped. After a few days on the job, Nick cultures a close friendship with Lucy. He begins to tell her about his reign and his choosing her as a successor. He says if he doesn\'t find a successor, a giant flood will engulf the world, adding that that was the reason for the Noah\'s Ark story. Lucy finds it ridiculous and tries to stay away from him. One night, Nick goes to her house and tells her truthfully about his search. He tells her to close her eyes. When she opens them, she finds herself with Nick at the North Pole. Unbelievably still unconvinced, Lucy demands Nick send her home. Nick does so, and she wakes up thinking the North Pole had been a dream. She sees Nick on the couch and starts to tell him about the dream. Nick interrupts her to tell her it wasn\'t, and begs her again to put on the Santa hat and become Santa Claus. She still says no. Nick makes his final broadcast on Christmas Eve. In his closing statement, he says to never give up on Christmas spirit, and wishes everyone good luck. Lucy ponders why he says "good luck." After receiving a big thanks from the staff, Nick begins to head back to the North Pole without a successor and preparing for the flood with the elves. Before he leaves Los Angeles, he leaves the hat on Lucy\'s dresser, with a note that says it\'s never too late. When Lucy gets a ride back home from her boss, she begins to believe what Nick said about Christmas, and her role as Santa. Realizing her boss just wants money and could own Christmas, Lucy tells him to pull over, saying that no one owns Christmas. At home, she sees Nick has gone. She finds the hat and the note. Curious, she puts the hat on and it glows brightly. She realizes that she really is Santa. Back at the North Pole, they\'re preparing for the worst. Suddenly, one of the elves sees through a snow globe Lucy celebrating that she\'s Santa. Once Ralph hears about it, he and Nick go to pick up Lucy. Lucy runs out of her apartment and finds Ralph and Santa in the cab. She goes inside and transforms into Santa. Once she has her Santa suit , Nick doesn\'t have his. For the first couple of houses, Nick helps Lucy go down the chimney and deliver the toys. Before they continue, Lucy tells Ralph to stop the sled and go to a church, where her niece is performing in the choir. When she arrives, she catches her niece\'s solo, and congratulates her, her brother, and her mom. Seeing her Santa suit, they seem puzzled. Incredibly, it starts to snow in LA. With surprised faces, people run outside, and see the sleigh. Lucy\'s family begins to realize she is Santa. After Lucy says goodbye to everyone and her family, she, Nick, and Ralph go up and away into the Christmas night.'] ['Recent high school graduate Samantha Hughes, 17, lives in fictional Hopewell, Kentucky with her uncle Emmett Smith, a laid-back Vietnam veteran with post-traumatic stress disorder. Samantha\'s father, Dwayne, was killed in Vietnam at 21 after marrying and impregnating Samantha\'s mother, Irene. Samantha finds some old photographs, medals, and letters of her father, and becomes obsessed with finding out more about him. Irene, who has moved to Lexington, Kentucky with her second husband, wants Samantha to move in with them and go to college. But Samantha would rather stay with Emmett and try to find out more about her father. Her mother is no help, as she tells Samantha, "Honey, I married him a month before he left for the war. He was 19. I hardly even remember him." Finally, Samantha, Emmett and her grandmother visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C. Finding her father\'s name in the memorial releases cathartic emotions in Samantha and her family.'] ["Old Enough is an earnest take on the coming-of-age story, set in New York City. Karen  is a streetwise teen from a lower-middle-class family who pursues a friendship with 11-year-old Lonnie . Lonnie is from a wealthy, upper-class family who live in the area. As the two become friends, they expose each other to the very different lifestyles they live. In the process they learn lessons each culture has to offer. The situation becomes complicated when Karen's brother Johnny  shows interest in Lonnie and Lonnie begins to develop a crush on him. Soon, a sensual new neighbor  moves into Karen's family's apartment building, whom Johnny becomes slightly infatuated with. Circumstances arise that will test Karen and Lonnie's friendship.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087837/"] ["The film follows 17-year-old Gracie  who, for as long as she can remember, has been raising her four siblings, each of whom has a different, absent father — and their mother  is on the fast track to self-destruction. When these children's lives are about to be pulled apart, Gracie first takes on temporary parental responsibility and finally seeks to gain custody of her brothers."] ['{{plot}} Chrissa Maxwell  and her family move from Iowa to be closer to Chrissa\'s "Nana" after their grandfather died. At her new school Chrissa has a hard time making friends and is bullied by three girls who call themselves the Queen Bees. Chrissa tries to befriend Gwen Thompson  but at first Gwen avoids Chrissa. Chrissa finds out later that she avoided her because Gwen was homeless and ashamed of it. The Bees find out that Gwen is homeless and began to make more fun of her. They get in trouble and are sent to the principal’s office. Sonali, one of the Queen Bees who was tired of bullying and being bullied, apologizes to Gwen the next day about all the mean things she has done to her and leaves the Queen Bees. She then becomes friends with Chrissa and Gwen. After the incident, the bullying gets more intense. Posters and rumors are passed around about Chrissa by Tara, the Queen Bee leader, and her best friend. Chrissa quits her school swim team because she is tired of Tara being mean to her. Chrissa gets advice from her art teacher to tell her parents about the bullying. She tells her parents and they tell her that sometimes bully’s are mean because they want to feel better about themselves by insulting others. Chrissa decides to rejoin the swim team for the big swim competition. She realizes that she and Tara have to work together if they want to win the relay. Although Tara is reluctant, Chrissa assures her that though they may not be friends, they can still work together to win. Their team work earns them their victory, and they reconcile and hug. The fourth grade class then does a project to make people aware that many kids are bullied and that bullying is wrong. In the end Chrissa, Sonali, Gwen, and Tara are best friends.'] ["The Thomsons are a working class family living in Toronto during the Great Depression. Parents, Thomas Thomson  and Francie Thomson  struggle to provide for their children, Willa , Arthur , Beatrice   and Jakey . 11-year-old Beatrice 'Booky' Thomson is showing her strength in reading and spelling, and has been asked to tutor Georgie Dunlop , an older sixth grader. This thrills Booky, as she has a crush on Georgie and hopes he will ask her to a school dance. But after Georgie gives her a strange gift, she begins to re-evaluate her feelings toward him. Booky's older sister Willa Thomson, has a part time job as a librarian. While at work, Willa meets and is attracted to Russell , a medical student. With her senior year in high school beginning, and even though she knows her family cannot afford it, Willa gives thought toward attending medical school after she graduates. Arthur has an artistic aptitude, and though his parents are supportive of his dreams, his father encourages him to consider a more stable profession, which places a strain on their father-son relationship. Booky goes to the dance with Georgie. He turns up late and surprises her. He kisses her and that's all she talks about."] ["Francesca Anderson leads an unhappy marriage with her husband Robert. Her real attention is dedicated to her son James, who reminds her of her late lover Macer. Francesca is the only one who knows that James is not Robert's, but Macer's son. So Francesca reacts jealously when James falls in love with a girl friend, Julie. James intervenes in an argument between his parents, and kills Robert. During James' trial, Francesca gives the crucial testimony in favour of her son, who is found not guilty. To Francesca's discomfort, James escapes his mother's clinging and decides to stay with Julie."] ['An unseen narrator  looks back to the year 1956, on Staten Island in New York, to one Buddy Visalo , an Italian guy with "Ralph Kramdenesque" dreams. Buddy is a wannabe crooner . Buddy had nearly been discovered by Arthur Godfrey ten years earlier  when he performed at a USO show while in the service. His fiancée, Estelle , gave him a Hobson\'s choice: “Who\'s it gonna be, Buddy, Arthur Godfrey or me?” In a decision he’ll live to regret the rest of his life, he chooses Estelle, and over the next 10 years tries all sorts of schemes to get ahead. “I just wanna be somebody!” he’ll declare. Italian-American Buddy decides to buy a dilapidated two-family house in the Irish section of town, intending to live upstairs with his wife Estelle and run a bar downstairs, where he could live out a smaller version of his dream, singing along to a "Music Minus One" jukebox . Estelle has no confidence in Buddy, just wants a “normal” blue-collar husband who, most of all, won\'t "embarrass" her by doing anything to make himself stand out, and manages to undermine his plans time and time again. He discovers, to his dismay and her horror, that the upstairs Irish tenants, a drunken, violent older man (played by [[Kevin Conway  and his very pregnant young wife (played by Kelly Macdonald of [[Trainspotting  refuse to move and won\'t pay rent. When the baby is born, it\'s clear his father was black – and the much older, drunken Irish husband immediately skulks off, knowing it\'s not his child. Buddy evicts mother and child, then feels guilt and sets her up in a flat while she sorts out an adoption. Estelle\'s lack of faith, the small-minded prejudices and low ambitions of his “friends,” the Irish lass\'s spirit, Buddy\'s dream, racial prejudice, and the baby\'s fate play out in an engaging story with real chemistry between the leads and a message that ultimately exemplifies a Joseph Campbell-like "Follow your bliss."'] ["Lizzie  and Alex Brooks  are a fairy tale young couple, wildly in love and the parents of a little girl named Emma. Without warning, Lizzie suffers a stroke at the age of twenty-four. Alex is informed by the hospital doctors that Lizzie has slipped into a deep coma and there is nothing to do but wait to see if she comes out of it. Determined to keep his vow to love Lizzie in sickness and in health, Alex decides to bring her home to care for her. Gail, Lizzie's best friend, helps and consoles Alex. However, Gail's help extends further when she aids in raising Emma as well. When Gail's husband is killed in a car crash, Alex, Gail and Emma form a practical family unit of their own. Twenty years after her stroke, Lizzie wakes up. Miraculously, she is pronounced perfectly healthy and begins to try to assimilate back into a world that has radically changed. Emma, who is about to be married, is thrilled to have her mother back, as are Alex and Gail. But, Lizzie's presence is also confusing for all of them as she attempts to move back into the place she rightfully occupies in their lives."] ['David  and his sister Jennifer  lead different high-school social lives. Jennifer is shallow and extroverted, David introverted and spending most of his time watching television. One evening while their mother  is away, they fight over the TV; Jennifer wants a concert, David wants to watch a marathon of Pleasantville, a black and white 1958 sitcom about the idyllic Parker family. During the fight, the remote control breaks and the TV cannot be turned on manually. A mysterious TV repairman  shows up, quizzes David about Pleasantville, then gives him a strange remote control. The repairman leaves, and David and Jennifer resume fighting. However, they are somehow transported into the Parkers\' black and white Pleasantville living room. David tries to reason with the repairman  but succeeds only in chasing him away. David and Jennifer must now pretend they are Bud and Mary Sue Parker, the son and daughter on the show. David and Jennifer witness the wholesome nature of the town, such as a group of firemen rescuing a cat from a tree. David tells Jennifer they must stay in character and not disrupt the lives of the town\'s citizens, who do not notice any difference between Bud and Mary Sue and David and Jennifer. To keep the show\'s plot, Jennifer dates a boy from high school but has sex with him, a concept unknown to him and everyone else in town. Slowly, Pleasantville begins changing from black and white to color, including flowers and the faces of people who have experienced bursts of emotion. David becomes friends with Mr. Johnson , owner of the soda fountain, and introduces him to colorful modern art via a book from the library, sparking in him an interest in painting. Johnson and Betty Parker  fall in love, causing her to leave home, throwing George Parker , Bud and Mary Sue\'s father, into confusion. The only people who remain unchanged are the town fathers, led by the mayor, Big Bob , who sees the changes eating at the values of Pleasantville. They resolve to do something about their increasingly independent wives and rebellious children. As the townsfolk become more colorful, a ban on "colored" people is initiated in public venues. Eventually a riot is touched off by a nude painting of Betty on the window of Mr. Johnson’s soda fountain. The soda fountain is destroyed, books are burned, and people who are "colored" are harassed in the street. As a reaction, the town fathers announce rules preventing people from visiting the library, playing loud music, or using paint other than black, white, or gray. In protest, David and Mr. Johnson paint a colorful mural on a brick wall, depicting their world, but are arrested. Brought to trial in front of the town, David and Mr. Johnson defend their actions, arousing enough anger and indignation in Big Bob that the mayor becomes colored as well. Having seen Pleasantville chang irrevocably, Jennifer stays to finish her education, but David uses the remote control to return to the real world.'] ['Set in the early 17th century, a New England Patuxet is captured by English settlers. He is then returned to England but escapes with a group of men that sell him back to New England, along with Epenow, a Nauset from Martha\'s Vineyard who soon becomes a friend. When in Massachusetts it seems the English and Squanto\'s followers have an argument, leading to the crew being massacred at night. He then finds his village sacked and destroyed and thus meeting the pilgrims at Plymouth Rock, he stops a war from breaking out between them and another Native American group. In Europe, Squanto and Epenow are savages. These are the well-dressed Englishmen, headed by Sir George, the repugnant nobleman who owns the ship and pursues in a ridicule and persecution of the two "creatures" brought back. As a welcome, Squanto gets thrown in a ring with a giant bear. Their battle becomes a spectacle for the English. Using his superior athleticism, Squanto is able to escape, and he rows off on a boat. When he\'s discovered, he\'s lying unconscious on a rocky shore, and his finders are a trio of monks who had been fishing. Squanto is taken into their monastery, in spite of the reluctancy of head Brother Paul. The monk who offers the most open arms, Brother Daniel, becomes a mentor and friend to Squanto. From Brother Daniel, Squanto learns English, and at the same time, he imparts some knowledge about his world to his new housemates, introducing them to mocassins and popcorn. Brother Paul remains skeptical of \'the pagan\' and in any possibility of a "New World". Meanwhile, Sir George firmly believes that Squanto belongs to the Plymouth printing company, and he has men on the hunt. In another cinematic sequence, Squanto pulls off an improbable escape to accompany Epenow and the crew setting sail back to America. What Squanto returns to devastates him. His tribe has been entirely killed off by illness that the Europeans brought. Epenow wishes to turn violent against the English who mistreated them. The Englishmen and Nauset tribe are ready to do battle, but Squanto manages to settle things peacefully. The last scenes of the film portray the first Thanksgiving celebration.'] ['Troy Bolton and Gabriella meet at a New Year\'s Eve party while both teenagers are at a ski lodge during winter break. At the party, the two are called upon to sing karaoke together . They seem to be attracted to each other, and exchange numbers before parting. After Christmas break, Troy sees Gabriella in his homeroom, and she explains that she just moved from Albuquerque, New Mexico and transferred to East High over break. Troy shows Gabriella around the school, and they pause in front of the sign-up sheet for the winter musical auditions. This alarms Drama Club president Sharpay Evans, who assumes that Gabriella is interested in auditioning. Wanting to eliminate competition, Sharpay investigates the new girl and arranges for the scholastic decathlon captain, Taylor McKessie, to find out about Gabriella\'s past academic achievements. During basketball practice, Troy has trouble focusing because his thoughts are on Gabriella and the idea that he might enjoy singing more . Gabriella and Troy both go to the musical auditions where Sharpay and her twin brother Ryan perform  but both are too shy to audition. When Gabriella finally summons the courage to step forward, Troy offers to sing with her, but Ms. Darbus tells them that they are too late. After Ms. Darbus apparently leaves, Kelsi Nielson, the composer of the musical, trips and drops her things. Troy and Gabriella rush to help her, and they sing together as Kelsi plays piano (What I\'ve Been Looking For . Ms. Darbus overhears them and gives them a callback audition. When the callback list is posted, Sharpay is furious to learn that she has competition for the lead in the musical, and the rest of the Wildcats are shocked that Troy and Gabriella have auditioned for a musical. Other students confess their own secret passions and talents , alarming both Taylor and Troy\'s friend Chad Danforth. Since Gabriella has agreed to join the scholastic decathlon team, both Taylor and Chad want their teammates to focus on their upcoming competitions rather than the musical. To help Troy and Gabriella return to normal, Chad and the basketball team trick Troy into saying that Gabriella is not important while she watches through a wi-fi link that the scholastic decathlon team has set up. Gabriella is hurt , she refuses to talk to Troy and decides not to audition for the musical. Chad and Taylor feel guilty for ruining Troy and Gabriella\'s relationship, and decide to tell them the truth. After Chad and the basketball team tell Troy what they did and offer to support him in callbacks, Troy goes to Gabriella\'s house and they make up. Intimidated after overhearing Gabriella and Troy practicing, Sharpay convinces Ms. Darbus to change the callback time to coincide with both the basketball championship and the scholastic decathlon, so that Gabriella and Troy cannot participate. Kelsi overhears the conversation and the basketball team and the decathlon team work together to come up with a plan. On the day of the competitions, Taylor and Gabriella use the school\'s computers to cause a series of mishaps that delay the big game and the decathlon. With both competitions delayed, Troy and Gabriella rush to the auditorium, and Sharpay and Ryan finish performing their song , confident that their plan worked. Troy and Gabriella then audition  and Ms. Darbus gives Troy and Gabriella the lead roles, making Sharpay and Ryan understudies. Troy and Gabriella both win their respective competitions, and the film ends when the entire school gathers in the gym to celebrate . A short scene after the credits show Zeke pacing alone in the gym as Sharpay comes running in declaring the cookies she rejected from him earlier "genius!". She then hugs him and he says he\'ll make her a creme brulee.'] ['Dr. Mills, a renowned cardiologist, and his wife Isabel, have had marital problem for a long time. They live accompanied by two maids in a provincial capital in the oppressive Spain of the 1950s. Unexpectedly Love Dr. Mills falls in love with Julia, a young colleague, feeling alive once again. Because Julia makes you feel alive again. Given the refusal of Isabel to a separation, the doctors resorts to crime which is make easier by his profession.'] ['After the death of his father, ten-year-old Moon leaves their forest shelter home and is sent to an Alabama institution, becoming entangled in the outside world he has never known and making good friends, a relentless enemy, and finally a new life.http://isbndb.com/d/book/alabama_moon.html'] ["Set in Scotland on one wintry day, the film focuses on eight people: a mother and daughter, Elspeth  and Frances ; two young boys skipping school, Sam  and Tom ; two old women who frequently attend strangers' funerals, Chloe  and Lily ; and two teenagers Nita  and Alex . The film consists primarily of the interactions between the characters."] [' Charlie Babbitt , a narcissistic Los Angeles car dealer in his mid-twenties, is in the middle of importing four grey market Lamborghinis. The deal is being threatened by the EPA, and if Charlie cannot meet its requirements he will lose a significant amount of money. After some quick subterfuge with an employee, Charlie leaves for a weekend trip to Palm Springs with his girlfriend, Susanna . Charlie\'s trip is cancelled by news that his estranged father, Sanford Babbitt, has died. Charlie travels to Cincinnati, Ohio, to settle the estate, where he learns an undisclosed trustee is inheriting $3 million on behalf of an unnamed beneficiary, while all he is to receive is a classic Buick Roadmaster convertible and several prize rose bushes. Eventually he learns the money is being directed to a mental institution, which is the home of his autistic brother, Raymond , of whose existence Charlie was previously unaware. This leads Charlie to ask the question that permeates the movie: "Why didn\'t somebody tell me I had a brother?" Although Raymond has autism, he also has superb recall, albeit usually with little understanding of the subject matter, but has extreme skills in mathematics  He is said to be a savant by some doctors. He is frightened by change and adheres to strict routines . Except when he is in distress, he shows little emotional expression and avoids eye contact. Numbed by learning that he has a brother and determined to get what he believes is his fair share of the Babbitt estate, Charlie takes Raymond on what becomes a cross-country car trip  back to Los Angeles to meet with his attorneys. Charlie intends to start a custody battle in order to get Raymond\'s doctor, Dr. Gerald R. Bruner , to settle out of court for half of Sanford Babbitt\'s estate so that the mental institution can maintain custody of Raymond. Susanna, disgusted by Charlie\'s self-centeredness and his attempts at using his brother as a pawn to gain the money, leaves Charlie in Cincinnati and disappears. During the course of the journey, Charlie learns about Raymond\'s autism, which he initially believes is not authentic – resulting in his frequent frustration with his brother\'s antics. He also learns about how his brother came to be separated from his family, as a result of an accident when he was left alone with Charlie when Charlie was a baby. Raymond also sings "I Saw Her Standing There" by The Beatles like he did when Charlie was young, prompting Charlie to realize that Raymond is the protective figure from his childhood, whom he falsely remembered as an imaginary friend named "Rain Man", which was a mispronunciation of "Raymond". Charlie proves to be sometimes shallow and exploitative, as when he learns that Raymond has an excellent memory and takes him to Las Vegas to win money at blackjack by counting cards. However, towards the end of their trip Charlie finds himself becoming protective of Raymond, and grows to love him truly. Charlie finally meets with his attorney to try to get his share of his inheritance, but then decides that he no longer cares about the money and really just wants to have custody of his brother. However, at a meeting with a court-appointed psychiatrist and Dr. Bruner, who is also a friend of Charlie\'s father and is left in charge of that money, Raymond is unable to decide exactly what he wants. Eventually, the psychiatrist presses Raymond to make the decision, upsetting him and leading Charlie to request that the doctor back off. Raymond is allowed to go back home to Cincinnati. Charlie, who has gained a new brother and mellowed considerably, promises Raymond as he boards an Amtrak train that he will visit in two weeks.'] ['Detroit, Michigan, 1963: Bob Ivanovich is a young boy, who prays one night for a circus in his backyard the next day after school. After school the next day, he runs home eagerly, followed by his friends. To his disappointment, no circus awaits. Angrily, Bob retreats to his closet in his room, his personal retreat space. Thirty years later, Bob Jones  now runs a Los Angeles public relations firm. He is happily married to Gail , who is pregnant with their first child. Bob is horrified to learn that he has been diagnosed with a terminal illness Kidney cancer and might not live to see their baby born. Bob begins to make home movies, to immortalize himself, to be shown after his death to his son, so he\'ll know who his father was, showing him how to cook spaghetti, how to drive, etc. He also begins to visit a Chinese healer named Mr. Ho , who urges him to listen to his heart, which is calling him to forgive, and that life is always giving him invitations if he would but listen. At his wife\'s urging, they fly to his hometown of Detroit to attend the wedding of his brother Paul . While in the area, Bob visits his childhood home. Also while there, they attempt to mend fences with his estranged family, which does not go well. Bob criticizes his brother for not moving to California like he did, and his father resents Bob moving thousands of miles away and changing his name. Bob returns to California with a heavy heart, sadly saying to his wife, "This is my last trip home." During a visit with Mr. Ho, he advises Bob to go into his heart "soon." Bob teaches his son by camera how to shave, play basketball, and how to start a car by jumper cable. He also confronts a childhood fear by finally riding a formidable rollercoaster. During the ride, a young companion urges him to let go of the railing as the descent begins, but Bob firmly holds on.  He is living on borrowed time—beyond the date the doctors gave him, as he says to his wife after getting off the coaster, "Today is D-Day. Death Day. I was supposed to be dead by today." Gail\'s contractions increase, and soon she is in the hospital, to give birth to their baby. Bob and Gail have a happy time with their newborn but soon, Bob\'s condition worsens, now that the cancer has reached his brain. Hospice care is arranged for Bob. Bob makes a final visit to Mr. Ho, and asks him what the light is he keeps seeing. Mr. Ho replies it is "the life of the self" and urges him to get his "house in order ." A hospice nurse, Theresa , moves in to help, but Bob is sinking fast. Bob and Gail finally call his family to inform them of what\'s going on. Bob\'s family comes west for the first time to visit. Bob makes peace with his family at last. Bob\'s childhood wish is finally granted by a circus in the backyard. As his father shaves him, Bob shows that he has at last made peace by telling his father he loves him. Bob finally comes to terms with his life as he dies peacefully, surrounded by the loving, supportive bosom of his family. Next is shown Bob on a metaphysical roller coaster, this time letting go of the railing, raising his arms freely in the air this time, metaphorically letting go of life, and finally enjoying the ride of life. Bob rides toward a beautiful, shining, ethereal light.  A year later, his son and wife watch him on video, reading Dr. Seuss\'s Green Eggs and Ham to his son.'] ["Keeping The Promise, tells the story of a 13-year-old boy, Matt  and his father,  who, as early settlers, together build a wooden cabin in Maine in 1768. However, Matt's father must head back to Quincy, Massachusetts, to get Matt's mother, sister, and newborn sibling who were all left behind so Matt and his father could build shelter for them. Matt's father promises to return in seven weeks and Matt is left alone with his father's old watch  and a hunting rifle to guard the family's newly-built homestead and field crops. Unfortunately, Matt finds himself enduring many hardships for which he is unprepared. His hunting rifle is stolen by a stranger named Ben Loomis; while chasing after Ben: Matt trips and falls into a river. Luckily, Matt's misadventure has not gone unnoticed and he is pulled from the water. Ironically, the Indians he has learned to fear, through tales that his father had told him, save his life in this part of the story. His injured leg is treated by the Indian chief named Saknis. While recovering, Matt begrudgingly allows Saknis to take his book  for saving his life. Saknis later returns with book and asks Matt whether a knife or a book would win a fight - Matt says the knife would win, Saknis points out that the words of the white man have already won the land away from his people. Saknis commands that Matt is to teach his grandson to read. Although uncertain of how to teach anyone, especially the unwilling Attean, Matt accepts the task out of obligation, as he owes his life to the man. Meanwhile his father returns to his family only to find there is a fever in the village which kills their neighbour's daughter, the family leave quickly knowing that the town will probably be closed to stop the spread of fever. On their way the newborn and the mother come down with fever, this delays them and when they reach the boat for its last crossing before winter they are turned back because of the baby's illness. The Mother recovers, but unfortunately the baby doesn't and has to be buried as they travel the land route. Back in Maine Matt does not immediately befriend Attean, although the two young boys eventually form a strong friendship as they help each other through difficult circumstances. When Matt's family has not yet returned after many months Attean invites Matt to join his tribe, who are moving west to new hunting grounds. Although Matt is good friends with Attean and enjoys Indian culture, he has not forgotten his family. Matt has to decide whether to join the Indian tribe, or return to his cabin and wait for his family to return. Near the end of the story, Attean goes on a vision quest and becomes a brave. He visits Matt and gives him a pair of snowshoes for the winter and asks him to come with the tribe. Matt decides to wait for his family, although parting from his new friend, Attean, is difficult. The two boys trade gifts, Matt gives Attean the book of Robinson Crusoe and Attean leaves his dog behind with Matt. Sure enough, Matt's family returns in the winter snows, guided for the last few days by Ben Loomis, who makes himself absent as soon as the family are reunited."] ["Kim  is a 15-year-old street orphan in Lahore of the 19th century . Kim thinks he is native, but he's actually of British origin, the son of an Irish soldier and an Indian mother. He is taken up as a guide by a travelling Tibetan lama  on a search for a river where Budda hurled an arrow, turning into a place of redemption. When he finds his father's regimen and the British military discover his origins and his real name, Kimball O'Hara, he's placed in an English college. His nature, however, is opposed to the regimentation expected for the son of a British soldier, and he rebels. His familiarity with Indian life and his ability to pass as an Indian child allows him to function as a spy for the British as they attempt to thwart revolution and invasion of India. Rejoining his holy man, Kim is trained by an Englishman called Babu  to become a British spy and receives orders from a British Colonel  who assigns him a risky mission in the Big Game, the behind-the-scenes struggle between Imperial Britain and Russia for supremacy in Afghanistan and Central Asia. He also befriends an astute Afghan horse-dealer named Mahbub Ali , a British Secret Service agent, who helps him with his task."] ["In 1981 San Francisco, Chris Gardner  invests his family's savings in portable bone-density scanners which he tries to demonstrate and sell to doctors. The investment proves to be a white elephant, which financially breaks the family and as a result, his wife Linda  leaves him and moves to New York. Their son Christopher  remains with his father. While downtown trying to sell one of his scanners, Chris meets Jay Twistle ([[Brian Howe , a manager for Dean Witter and impresses him by solving a Rubik's Cube during a short cab ride. Chris does not have enough money for the cab fare and flees into a subway station where he barely escapes the cab driver but loses one of his bone scanners in the process. This new relationship with Twistle earns him the chance to become an intern stockbroker. Despite arriving there unkempt and shabbily dressed due to being arrested the previous day for unpaid parking tickets and Chris didn't have enough time to make the appointment on time, Chris is offered the internship. Chris is further set back when his bank account is garnished by the IRS for unpaid income taxes, and he and his young son are evicted. As a result they are homeless, and are forced at one point to stay in a bathroom at a subway station. Motivation drives him to find the Glide Memorial United Methodist Church, which has a homeless shelter primarily for single mothers and their children. The church's owner does not let him stay due to the fact that it is for women and children, although she tells him about a local church that also provides shelter, but has very limited space. Due to demand for the limited rooms, Chris must frantically race from his internship work early each afternoon in order to land a place in line. Chris finds the bone scanner that he lost in the subway station from a demented man who believes it to be a time machine and it is now damaged, but Chris finally repairs it. Disadvantaged by his limited work hours, and knowing that maximizing his client contacts and profits is the only way to earn the one paid position that he and his 19 competitors are fighting for, Chris develops a number of ways to make phone sales calls more efficiently. He also reaches out to potential high value customers, defying protocol. One sympathetic prospect takes him and his son to a San Francisco 49ers game. Regardless of his challenges, Chris never reveals his lowly circumstances to his co-workers, even going so far as to lend one of his bosses five dollars for a cab, a sum he can't afford. Concluding his internship, Chris is called into a meeting with his managers. His work has paid off and he is offered the position. Fighting back tears, he rushes to his son's daycare, hugging him. They walk down the street, joking with each other and are passed by a man in a business suit . The epilogue reveals that Chris went on to form his own multi-million dollar brokerage firm."] ["Mr. Carey , a captain in the United States Navy, dies during the Spanish-American War. His wife Margaret, daughters Nancy and Kitty and sons Gilbert and Peter are left behind. They are now on their own with only Capt. Carey's pension for income. The family moves into a series of ever-smaller rented houses while Mrs. Carey works in a textile mill. When she is injured, they lease a broken down mansion for a year at a nominal fee, and invest the captain's small life insurance payment to fix it up into a boarding house. Both daughters fall in love, Kitty with a local teacher and Nancy with Tom Hamilton , the son of the absentee owner. When the Hamiltons put the house up for sale, the family is given an eviction order by Tom Hamilton, a doctor who wants the money from the sale to study in Europe. However fate intervenes and Tom saves Peter from a serious illness, then falls in love with Nancy. The new owners, the Fullers, move in to force the family to vacate. The Careys and their beaus try to avoid being put out of their house by scaring off the Fullers.The New York Times Review"] ["The film tells of Gene Garrison : he has met a young woman he wants to marry and has dreams of leaving New York for California, where he wants to reside to teach. All seems well, but he soon learns that his mother is dead, and worse, his father  is starting to get sick. A few doctors give him a few months to live, but he is expecting Gene to be the man in the family to watch over him. Others, like his sister Alice  don't want him to be at the father's call. Gene and his family must decide what will be."] ['The film commences 14-year-old Tina having sex with her boyfriend, Ray. Ray later ends his relationship with Tina, telling her that he must focus upon his athletic goals. When Tina discovers that she has started her period, she is extremely relieved. On Tina\'s birthday, she is despondent because another birthday has passed and she does not have a boyfriend. Tensions arise between Tina and her mother when they are in the car together and listen to a radio programme whereby the commentator makes remarks about the high number of teenagers getting pregnant. Tina\'s mother asks her daughter if she knows anyone who is sexually active, or if she has ever been sexually active. Tina is evasive and gives a non-committal response. She and her friend Laurie, a young mother who became pregnant at seventeen, attend a sexual health clinic where it is confirmed that Tina is carrying a child. It all comes to a head when Laurie tells Tina to tell her mother about the pregnancy and she does. Her mother, a staunch Catholic, is shocked but due to her beliefs, decides to help her daughter. Her dad is less upset and comforts his daughter. When Tina tells Ray - the baby\'s father - he feigns happiness.Tina begins pregnancy classes with her mother. After hearing a story from a girl about how hard teenage motherhood is and how her boyfriend cheated on her, Tina calls Ray and yells at him because she thinks he won\'t be a good father like he promised he would be. For a while she tries to make him stay with her, but when Ray isn\'t as present as she would like him to be, Tina goes investigating and while at the mall she finds Ray kissing another girl, cheating on her. She is upset and tells him she is over him and ends their relationship. Throughout the stressful pregnancy, Tina\'s younger sister Rachel reacts with both disgust and jealousy by the attention Tina receives from her concerned parents. Even when she breaks her ankle Tina receives more attention, for example Rachel is made to get off a couch because Tina was lying there, and is made to go upstairs on her crutches to be able to lie down. Eventually Rachel calls their grandmother to ask permission to live with her. As the pregnancy becomes more and more overwhelming, Tina is rushed to the hospital and is about to give birth when her mother has a panic attack on how her daughter is going to have a baby. When Tina is in labor, Ray shows up at the hospital with his new girlfriend only to be turned away by Tina\'s father, telling him "sperm doesn\'t entitle you to much" and tells him to wait in the waiting room. After a grueling labor, Tina gives birth to a baby boy whom she names Caleb, and meets her younger sister and grandmother outside the hospital where they all have a small family reunion.'] ["In the beginning, Captain Wade Hunnicutt, the wealthiest and most powerful person in his East Texas town, is wounded by a jealous husband. Wade is a notorious womanizer, who lives with his beautiful wife Hannah who scorns him. She has raised their son Theron to be dependent upon her, but as he reaches adulthood Theron seeks his father’s help in becoming a man. Wade initiates Theron in hunting and other masculine pursuits under the watchful eye of Rafe, Hunnicutt's loyal employee. Theron admires the slightly older and more worldly Rafe, and rapidly develops into a marksman and skilled hunter; he also learns about women from Rafe. Theron's new lifestyle leads him into a love affair with Libby, a local girl from a proper family, but her father’s animosity forces a secret relationship. Theron learns from his mother that the reason for Libby’s fathers scorn is Wades reputation as a womanizer. In this conversation he learns things about his parents that were previously hidden from him, including that Rafe is his illegitimate half-brother. We learn that Rafe’s mother is the root of Hannah’s anger at Wade, although the affair and Rafe’s birth preceded Hannah, and that Wade became unfaithful to her after Hannah turned him out. While Wade respects Rafe, his position is staunch that a bastard is not to be included or acknowledged. Theron becomes disturbed by his parents' dysfunctional relationship and his father’s treatment of Rafe. A disillusioned Theron rejects both his parents along with the concept of family, and thus Libby, his true love. Unbeknownst to Theron Libby is pregnant, but she does not want this to be the reason for their marriage. However, a confused and despondent Libby turns to Rafe, who out of passion and compassion agrees to marry her. This devastates Theron who then realized his error. All seems resolved until Libby's father overhears gossip that his daughter was impregnated by Captain Hunnicutt, and goes into a rage. We then see Wade and Hannah reconcile, at home, after seventeen years. After Hannah leave the room, Wade is then shot down by an unknown murderer who escapes. Theron tracks down his father's killer and sees he is Libby’s father. Theron kills the father in self-defense and soon after Rafe catches up. Though Rafe objects, Theron decides to leave town never to return. In the end, several months later, Rafe encounters Hannah at Wade’s grave. He offers to include her in the life of her grandson, and she shows him that she has acknowledged him as Wade’s son on the headstone."] ["The story focuses on Jane Marks, her adult daughters Michelle and Elizabeth, and her pre-teen adopted African American daughter Annie, each of whom allows her personal insecurities to affect her life. Jane, longing to look younger and thinner, opts for liposuction, with near tragic results. When Michelle's artistic talents fail to produce any income for her family, much to the dismay of her husband Bill, she takes a job as a one-hour photo developer and finds herself falling for the attention of her teenaged co-worker Jordan. Aspiring actress Elizabeth, who bestows upon stray dogs the affection she finds difficult to offer her boyfriend Paul, questions her appeal when she's rejected for a role based on her looks, and she seeks reassurance from film heartthrob Kevin McCabe. Overweight Annie tries to fit in better with her white adopted family by having her hair straightened by black Big Sister volunteer Lorraine, who Jane hopes will put the young girl in touch with her heritage."] ["Set at the Manhattan memorial service for Andre Gerard, who died of AIDS and was buried in Dallas several weeks earlier, the story focuses on his mother Katherine's inability to come to terms with his death or share her grief with Cal, the young man's lover. Her rage is directed not only at the man she never accepted and her own mother, who was less judgmental of her grandson's life, but at Andre himself as well."] ["After four years, Cliff Harnish returns to his hometown of Pocahontas, Virginia with hopes of putting a stop to his parents' divorce."] ['Lisette Linares  is a young mother of three children, married to Chino , a bicycle messenger. Although he is always reliable as the breadwinner of the family, Chino is having an affair with the neighborhood tramp, Magdalena . One summer evening, a blackout sweeps the neighborhood, and Chino finds himself in jail after being arrested for looting. Faced now with the reality of keeping her family together with the main breadwinner in jail, Lisette, with the encouragement of her transexual sister Alexis , decides to give her dream of becoming a print model a chance. As she happens to be in the right place at the right time, Lisette lands a job as the personal assistant to a major record label producer , who is trying to sign a major Latin music group .'] ['Gu Qing, a soldier from the propaganda department of the CCP Eight Route Army in CCP-controlled Shaanxi, travels alone from Yan\'an to the northern KMT-controlled area of Shaanxi, Shanbei, with the task of collecting the peasants\' folk songs in order to re-write them with communist lyrics in order to boost the morale of the Eight Route Army soldiers. Yellow Earth begins with a scene depicting a communist soldier walking several miles. He reaches a small village where he is assigned to live with a poor family with the task of recording local folk songs for use in the army later. He learns the hardships of peasant life and especially of that of a peasant girl named Cuiqiao. The story then focuses on the girl, who at only age 14 is forced to marry a significantly older man as her wedding dowry was used to pay for her mother\'s funeral and brother\'s engagement. The Communist soldier "Brother Gu" attempts to dissuade Cuiqiao from running off and joining the CCP, but recognizes her despair. After her marriage, Cuiqiao crosses the Yellow River at night, and her drowning is implied. The story then fast forwards to a rain dance being performed by the villagers, as the land has dried up and peoples\' crops have died.'] ['The story is about an elderly Chinese t\'ai chi ch\'uan teacher and grandfather who emigrates from Beijing to live with his son, American daughter-in-law, and grandson in a New York City suburb. The grandfather is increasingly distanced from the family as a "fish out of water" in Western culture. The film shows the contrast between traditional Chinese ideas of Confucian relationships within a family and the much more informal Western emphasis on the individual. The friction in the family caused by these differing expectations eventually leads to the grandfather moving out of the family home , and in the process he learns lessons  about how he must adapt to his new surroundings before he comes to terms with his new life.'] ["{{Plot}} The film opens in a karaoke bar with people singing to different levels of ability. The camera then focuses on Maggie, the female lead character. She impresses the audience with a beautiful and emotive rendition of 'The Rose.' A man then tells Maggie that her voice is beautiful. He seems eager to engage her in a conversation. Maggie agrees to have one drink with him. He reveals that his name is Jorge and he says that he is from 'far away.' He observes that Maggie's song sounded sad and offers to help her. Maggie is doubtful that Jorge would be able to help. She reveals that she has four children, but Social Services has them. Jorge attempts to flatter her by telling her that she 'must have been a pretty girl.' Through a flashback, the audience learns the horrendous abuse to which Maggie's mother was subject at the hands of her father. Maggie is very worried about her children and wants to get them back. She has four children from four different fathers. Maggie leaves the bar with her friends. Jorge realises that Maggie has left her wallet behind and he chases after her. He sees her board a London Night Bus, which he chases and then stops the bus by running in front of it. Thankfully, the driver is able to stop in time and in the next shot, Jorge and Maggie learn more about one another at a restaurant. Jorge then recites a poem, which Maggie thinks is lovely. Jorge and Maggie arrive at Jorge's place, after running to his place under an umbrella as it is raining heavily. Maggie tells him that she will have only one coffee and then leave. Maggie expresses curiosity at the photographs which Jorge has displayed throughout his flat. Maggie explains that she used to have a fellow who 'chatted her up' at the supermarket. A flash-back reveals how they met. The audience learns that he was extremely abusive towards her. He screams at her and punches her for being two hours late. Her children witness the scene with horror. Maggie was in the hospital for two or three days as a result of the incident. Maggie then attends a woman's refuge with all of her children. She attempts to be optimistic by saying that she thought that the refuge was going to be terrible. Jorge and Maggie share a kiss, then Maggie pulls away and says that she should not be there. Maggie then beats her head on a door, bursts into tears and asks to be left alone. Jorge tells her that he thinks that she is in too much pain. A very emotional Maggie states emphatically that she wants her children back. The next shot flashes back to when Maggie is singing at the karaoke bar and the barman receives a telephone call.The barman tells Maggie that there is trouble at her home and that she had 'better get back quick.' There has been a fire at the refuge and a hysterical Maggie wants to know what happened to her children. The police take her to the hospital. One of the children, Shaun, has been badly burned and when she sees him, she can barely speak as she is so shocked by the extent of his injuries. She is then interviewed by the police, who take a dim view of her actions and question her about to whom she gave the keys. She says that she knows that she should not have left her children alone. She explains that she was not locking the kids in, but keeping the other kids out of the room. Maggie then visits the home were Shaun is being fostered temporarily. She expresses her concern over the drawings that Shaun has created, which depict raging fires in which Shaun is trapped in the middle. Shaun is happy to see his mum and Maggie tells him how much she has missed him. She attempts to care for Shaun's wounds, but becomes upset when Shaun cries out in pain. In the next scene, Jorge comforts Maggie. They kiss and cuddle in bed. The next shot shows what transpired after Maggie's visit with Shaun and his carer. During a meeting between Maggie and social services, she accuses them of trying to turn her son against her. She tells them to leave her alone and to give her son back to her. She is told by social services that if Maggie does not co-operate, then all of her children will be taken into Foster care. With her three children in tow, Maggie returns to her home, where she sees Simon  who tells her that he has missed her. The next day, Maggie and Simon leave in a van. A Social Services worker sees this and warns Maggie that she could lose all of her children forever. Simon tells the worker that they are only going shopping. Maggie and Simon then get into an argument. Simon stops the van and grabs her around the throat. He throws her on the ground and then she sobs helplessly. The next shot returns to Jorge and Maggie. She tells Jorge that that is the last time that she ever saw her children. Jorge is convinced that she will get her children back. He offers Maggie cake and coffee, which she accepts. Jorge tells Maggie about his family, some of whom have been killed. He reveals that if he returns to his country, it is likely that he will be killed as well. One of the pictures that Jorge has in his flat is of Jorge and his wife. Maggie is surprised at this. Jorge says that, 'You have to love something, otherwise you will be empty.' He wants himself and Maggie to be close because they understand one another. Maggie attends court and her barrister feels that Maggie is competent to take care of the children. The hearing does not go in Maggie's favour. They go back to Jorge's place and he speaks kindly to her and encourages her to eat. He then reveals that his visa expired that week and if he stays, he will be an illegal immigrant. Jorge tells Maggie that he loves her and wants to help her. Maggie feels that love is for fairy tales and that she is 'not worth it.' Maggie becomes pregnant with Jorge's baby. They attend an ultrasound together. After coming back from the doctor, Jorge tries to help a neighbour by giving her dog back. The neighbour is less than grateful. She is rude and tells Jorge to go away. Maggie describes their new place as being a palace and 'big enough for a family.' Jorge gets a job at a fast food place, Southern Chicken. When he reveals that he does not have any papers, it is agreed that he will be paid £2/ hour. When Jorge comes home, Maggie is upset because Shaun has appeared in the classified section of the newspaper. The article states that they are searching for adoptive parents for him. An ugly scene then transpires between Jorge and the neighbour who was mean to him on a previous occasion. The neighbour dumps a bucket of water on the local children. Jorge retaliates by dousing her with a garden hose. That night, Maggie smokes in bed. Jorge is worried that she will set the bed on fire and/or harm the baby. Maggie then goes into labour. Jorge is by her side and provides an outstanding level of support. She gives birth to a girl. A health worker attempts to contact Maggie to see the baby. Maggie states that she is 'coping fine.' Maggie responds with hostility to the worker's onslaught of questions. After the worker leaves, Maggie checks on Jorge, who was hiding in the cupboard throughout the duration of Maggie's 'interrogation' by the health worker. Maggie then observes her rude neighbour speaking to someone outside her flat. Police officers and a social worker enter Maggie's flat and say that they have an order to remove the baby. Maggie thinks that a mistake has been made. Maggie is beyond distraught and the police attempt to remedy this situation by telling her to calm down. Maggie's friends notify Jorge, who leaves work immediately upon hearing the news. A social worker visits Maggie and Jorge who ask questions about their relationship. Maggie eventually blows up at her as she finds the questions tiresome and feels that she is not being helped. Jorge attempts to pacify Maggie. She then reveals that her father sexually abused her, and social services did little to assist her. At a court hearing, Maggie's vindictive neighbour Pamela gives evidence that Maggie and Jorge's relationship is a violent one. Maggie becomes angry and the Judge states that her behaviour will not be tolerated in the court. When Jorge is cross-examined in the witness box, he says that his home country is Paraguay and he cannot go back there. When the question is put to him of whether or not he has a wife in Paraguay, he states that he does not know. Upon leaving the courtroom, he is served with a notice of Intention to Initiate Deportation Proceedings. The Judge then gives his judgement when Maggie and Jorge return to court. The Judge feels that the evidence suggests that the mother is of low intellect and that Maggie has put her children at risk of violence. He is also critical of her because she refuses to seek help from others. He has no confidence that she will ever change. His judgement is that the children are to be fostered with a view to being adopted and cannot be contacted by either one of the Defendants. Jorge then returns home. He shows his passport to Maggie and tells her that the Judge defined him as 'a man of good character' and he will not be deported. Maggie questions him as to why he wants to stay. She feels that Jorge will want to leave at some point and he might as well leave now as opposed to later. Maggie hurls objects at him and screams for him to get out of the flat. It is then revealed that Maggie is pregnant once again and she is desperate for herself and Jorge to have a family. Once again, Maggie has her baby and Jorge is at her side providing support. Maggie is reluctant to push because she wants the baby to stay with her. She has a little girl. In the next heart-wrenching scene, Maggie cuddles her baby girl. Jorge reveals that people from the Social Service would like to talk to them. A nurse takes the baby saying that she wants to check its temperature. Social Services attend the hospital room and they reveal that they will have to take the baby. A horrible scene ensues whereby Maggie becomes violently hysterical as her newborn baby is taken away from her. She is held down by Jorge and the police whilst a doctor sedates her. Domestic relations between Jorge and Maggie suffer as Maggie takes out her frustrations on him. She feels that he should have been more proactive in stopping the Social Services officers from taking their baby, and is particularly angry that he helped hold her down. Enraged, she yells: 'No wonder your wife left you!' revealing how frustrated she is with his level of compliance, and proceeds to attack him. Jorge states that he just wants to die because he has been robbed of his two daughters. Jorge and Maggie then touch hands, each realising how hopeless and tragic their situation is. The following information is conveyed on the screen: 'Maggie and Jorge have had three more children whom they have been allowed to keep. They have been given no access to their first two daughters. Maggie says that she thinks every day of all her lost children.'"] ['Ivy Templeton  is a nearly eleven year old girl, living with her parents, Janice and Bill Templeton (Marsha Mason and [[John Beck , in New York. The parents notice a stranger stalking them over the course of a few weeks, and discover, over lunch with him, that his name is Elliot Hoover , and that he is convinced their daughter is a reincarnation of his daughter Audrey Rose, who died in a fiery car accident, along with his wife, two minutes before Ivy was born. Hoover had come to believe this through information given to him by two clairvoyant psychics. Bill asks a friend of his, an attorney, to hide in their apartment to hear Hoovers full story to build a case against him, but when Hoover speaks Audrey\'s name out loud, Ivy hears him from her room and enters an altered state where she cannot be calmed down without the assistance of Hoover. In this state, she bangs her hands on a window and becomes burned, which Hoover says is a result of his daughter\'s experience of being burned alive in the car. Janice is afraid of Hoover but is also concerned for her daughter, while Bill is hostile to Hoover and demands he stay away. Ivy continues to be disturbed by nightmares which keep getting worse. Hoover appears at their home during one of her nightmares, and at the request of the mother Hoover is able to calm Ivy down by calling to her as Audrey Rose, but is arrested for allegedly briefly abducting her to his recently rented upstairs apartment. The film then moves forward some months to an ongoing trial, where Hoover is attempting to persuade a jury that his actions were necessary to grant his daughter\'s spirit peace. The trial has become a worldwide phenomenon, with a Hindu holy man giving an explanation of reincarnation as testimony. Hoover testifies in court that after his daughter\'s death, Hoover had traveled to India and become a believer in reincarnation and Hinduism. Janice comes to believe Hoover\'s story, and testifies as much, but Bill does not, and has their lawyer request Ivy be hypnotized to show she is not a reincarnation of Audrey Rose. During the hypnosis, Ivy revisits the traumatic car crash as Audrey Rose and dies during the relived trauma. The last scene is Janice writing a letter to Hoover thanking him for transporting Ivy/Audrey\'s ashes to India, and indicating this is with her husband\'s permission, who she says has started to accept what she and Hoover believe to be true. The movie closes on a quotation from the Bhagavad-Gita:  "There is no end. For the soul there is never birth nor death. Nor, having once been, does it ever cease to be. It is unborn, eternal, ever-existing, undying and primeval..."'] ["In 1962 Toni Whitney, a nine-year-old girl, and her Rockport, Maine family adopt an orphaned baby seal, naming it Andre. Andre is manageable when he is young but as Andre gets older and starts getting into mischief, he antagonizes some of the local fishermen. Toni forms an inseparable bond with Andre, but their relationship becomes threatened when the fishermen do not want to deal with Andre's antics any longer. The Whitney family is based on the Goodridge family."] ['In 1940s Nazi Germany, a young Jewish woman in a Nazi concentration camp saves her own life by seducing the young doctor who performs medical experiments on prisoners. Decades later in the year 1993, that same woman  is living in New York City and married with two grown sons. The two siblings have developed differently under a mother with a long history of erratic behavior. The neurotic younger son  can’t cope at all, for he still lives at home with his mother and father and is locked in a compulsive, co-dependent relationship with the mother. The older son  copes too well. The eldest son is 40 years old, he hides out from the world in psychosexual escapades with various women, and has a job at a fraudulent modeling agency scamming the young and hopeful. He is good at them both... too good but he grows increasingly frightened as his sexual prowess and intellectual diatribes no longer make him feel better.Film details Sundance Film Festival'] ['Dante Basco (Biker Boyz, [[Hook  plays Ben Mercado, a talented high school senior who enrolls in a prestigious arts institute in order to realize his dreams of becoming an artist. However, his plans come into conflict with those of his strict immigrant father Roland , a postal worker intent on seeing Ben become a doctor. Their long-simmering feud—for Ben, a struggle to be accepted by America and therefore reject his Filipino heritage; and for Roland, a quest to give his children a better life than he had—threatens to boil over and ruin the elaborate eighteenth birthday party of Ben’s sister Rose . However, it is at the party where everything starts to change for Ben. The celebration emerges as a cultural stew of old world traditions and contemporary urban lifestyle, challenging Ben’s sense of misplaced identity, his choice of friends, even the way he regards his father. He also finds an unexpected confidante  in Rose’s best friend Annabelle . However, the evening’s challenges to Ben are just beginning to surface. The arrival of the Mercado family’s overbearing patriarch  exacerbates tensions between father and son, while the temptation to ditch the relatives to be with his friends at a kegger across town tugs at Ben throughout the evening. Worse, his budding romance with Annabelle is complicated by the presence of hot-headed Augusto , a former boyhood friend-turned gangsta wannabe—and Annabelle’s ex. In one night, Ben will face the true nature of his relationships with his family, his friends, and himself.'] ["Two Argentine sisters, Memé and Aneta, are devastated when their mother dies in a fatal car crash. Memé, the elder, is also left lame with one badly scarred leg. The orphaned girls move to Uruguay to stay with their aunts. The sisters often argue, but they are actually very close. Memé flirts but has no luck with boys because of her injury. On their own now, Memé works as a waitress where she gets to know Andy . Returning to Montevideo, they meet Dolores , a friend of their late mother. Memé's affair with a man complicates her relationship with her sister. Then Andy invites the pair to his seaside retreat, a lighthouse where their rivalry continues."] ['When a dysfunctional family gathers for Thanksgiving at their New England home, past demons reveal themselves as one son returns for the first time in three years.'] ['Lita, the daughter  of a wealthy couple  tries to prevent their divorce by "throwing herself" at "movie sheik" Maurice Mansfield . Meanwhile, a young doctor  is interested in Lita.'] ["Princess Rosalinda Maria Montoya Fiore  is about to be crowned queen of the small nation of Costa Luna. General Kane , the dictator of neighboring country Costa Estrella, invades her palace with his agents during her coronation rehearsal, and attempts to capture the royal family and take over the country. Joe Mason , an agent of the Princess Protection Program, a secret organization funded by royal families that looks after endangered princesses, whisks her away to safety via helicopter. Kane’s agents, however, succeed in capturing her mother, Queen Sophia. The Princess Protection Program hides Rosalinda in Mason’s home in Louisiana, where she is to masquerade as a typical American teenager named Rosie Gonzalez. She meets Mason's daughter, Carter Mason , an insecure tomboy who works at the family bait shop and dreams of going to the homecoming dance with her crush, Donny ([[Robert Adamson . Though Carter initially treats Rosie with barely-masked hostility, she warms up to her after Rosie explains her situation, and the two become close friends. Carter teaches Rosalinda to act like a typical American teenager, and Rosie shows Carter how to disarm those that scorn them by behaving as a princess. Rosie soon becomes popular at their high school. In an attempt to trick Rosalinda into exposing her location, General Kane announces plans to forcibly marry Rosalinda’s mother. Rosalinda is distraught and tells Carter that she has decided to secretly return home. Knowing Costa Luna is still too dangerous, Carter secretly devises a plan to pose as Rosalinda and then use herself as bait to lure Kane into capture. Mr. Elegante, Rosalinda's royal dress maker, tells Kane that Rosalinda will be attending the homecoming dance and will be wearing a blue dress that he actually sends to Carter. In the meantime, Rosalinda agrees to help Carter behave like a princess by helping a group of girls dress up for the dance; The girls all wear masks, which helps Carter disguise herself as Rosalinda. According to plan, Kane and his agents mistake Carter for Rosie and lead her to Kane's helicopter the night of the dance. However, Rosalinda narrowly discovers and ruins the plan by exposing herself to Kane, insisting that this is not Carter's fight. Fortunately, agents of the Princess Protection Program, including Mr. Mason, have been waiting inside the helicopter and rescue both girls. The PPP agents quickly apprehend Kane and his henchmen and turn them over to the international authorities. At the end, Carter realizes that Donny is a jerk, and goes to the dance with Ed, her best friend who has had a crush on her for a long time. Rosie is crowned Queen of Costa Luna with Carter, Mason, Ed, Rosalinda's mother, and Mr. Elegante in attendance. One year later, they became agents of the princess protection program and protect other princesses in danger."] ["The film opens with the fall of the respected judge Costa Makantasis  from the Federal Courthouse. Next, his oldest son Pablo  is seen dragging the body of young and beautiful Ana Muro  through the house in which he lives with his two younger brothers. Two different judges begin to investigate the two deaths. It is soon assumed that Costa Makantasis committed suicide. The case of Ana Muro, however, investigated by Beatriz Teller , is complicated by the fact that all three sons confess the murder, each claiming that he acted alone and that the other two are innocent; and really some evidence speaks against each one of them. In addition, they urge Teller to believe that their father was murdered and that his case also requires investigation. Teller, on the other hand, is pressured by her superiors to hand over the case of the three brothers to the judge assigned to Costa Makantasis' apparent suicide. Fearing that a dirty truth behind the supposed suicide shall be covered up, she risks her career by rejecting to give up her case. Combining cutbacks with segments of the investigations and hearings, the film sets to unravelling the story leading up to the deaths. The remaining film is divided into four unequal parts, each dedicated to one of the sons and Ana Muro. In each part, fragments of the story are shown from the perspective of the respective character, combining to the complete picture only at the end of the film. It becomes apparent that Costa Makantasis had investigated Ana Muro's father, the powerful businessman Francisco Muro , suspecting him to be involved in corruption and even murder. Unbeknown to the two, Makantasis' youngest son, Alejandro , and Ana Muro fell in love with each other, and Ana Muro moved in with Alejandro and his brothers. When Costa Makantasis found out that Ana was Francisco Muro's daughter, he was concerned, but believed that their private and his professional affairs with the Muro family should and could remain separate. For a short time, everything seemed perfect: Alejandro and Ana were a happy couple, and the Makantasis family celebrated the father's anniversary with a frolicsome party. Soon, however, tensions arose both from inside and outside of the family. Second-oldest son Nicolás  cheated with Ana on his brother, and later, Ana also tried to flirt with oldest brother Pablo; Pablo, who had in the past snatched some of Nicolás' girl-friends, resisted Ana's charm and instead found out about her infidelity with Nicolás. Francisco Muro, on the other hand, found out about the relationship between his daughter and the son of his political opponent, assumed foul-play and came close to threatening Costa Makantasis to keep his son away from Ana. The conflict between the judge and the businessman generally increased, and Costa Makantasis suspected that Muro tapped his house. So, when Costa Makantatis saw that Ana Muro let employees of her father into his house, he and his oldest son told her to stop that and explained it with the suspicions against her father. Believing in a misconception, Ana took secret documents of her father to Costa Makantasis' office to prove her father's innocence. There, however, she had a closer look at the documents, realized that at least some of the suspicions were well-founded, and flew the office. Just after she departed, two of Muro's employees arrived and killed Makantasis by pushing him from the roof of the building. Ana Muro had just left the building, whereas the three Makantasis brothers were just arriving at the Courthouse to take their father to lunch. At the moment of the murder, Ana Muro looked up to the roof and saw that the judge was being pushed; Pablo watched Ana Muro look up and, mistaking her troubled look, believed her to be involved in what he instantly understands to be his father's murder. So, when Ana leaves the scene, he shouts to his brothers that she had killed their father; when Alejandro objects, Pablo reveals that Ana had cheated on him with Nicolás. Then Pablo followed Ana, who raced to her father, threw the secret documents back at him and called him a murderer in public. Pablo, watching the scene, realized that Ana had not been part of the crime. Alejandro, however, had now heard Pablo's accusations and seen Nicolás' guilty face. He turned home where he tore down and cut off the decorations that Ana and he had set up in his room. When Ana came home to him, he affronted her, telling her she cheated on him and killed his father. Ana, almost in tears, affirmed both, but added that she loved him. When Alejandro continued to offend her, she thrust herself into a knife that Alejandro still held in his hand from destroying the decorations. The film ends with a confrontation of the three brothers in the office of investigating judge Teller. It remains unclear whether Teller eventually learns the truth or whether the story told in the cutbacks remains unknown to her. After she has sent the three brothers back to their prison cells, she comments that justice may not be possible to achieve. The film finishes with the three brothers sent further and further down in an escalator to where are presumably their prison cells."] ['Ted Kramer  is a workaholic advertising executive who has just been assigned a new and very important account. Ted arrives home and shares the good news with his wife Joanna  only to find that she is leaving him. Saying that she needs to find herself, she leaves Ted to raise their son Billy  by himself. Ted and Billy initially resent one another as Ted no longer has time to carry his increased workload and Billy misses his mother\'s love and attention. After months of unrest, Ted and Billy learn to cope and gradually bond as father and son. Ted befriends his neighbor Margaret , who had initially counseled Joanna to leave Ted if she was that unhappy. Margaret is a fellow single parent, and she and Ted become kindred spirits. One day, as the two sit in the park watching their children play, Billy falls off the jungle gym, severely cutting his face. Ted sprints several blocks through oncoming traffic carrying Billy to the hospital, where he comforts his son during treatment. Fifteen months after she walked out, Joanna returns to New York to claim Billy, and a custody battle ensues. During the custody hearing, both Ted and Joanna are unprepared for the brutal character assassinations that their lawyers unleash on the other. Margaret is forced to testify that she had advised an unhappy Joanna to leave Ted, though she also attempts to tell Joanna on the stand that her husband has profoundly changed. Eventually, the damaging facts that Ted was fired because of his conflicting parental responsibilities, forcing him to take a lower-paid job, come out in court, as do the details of Billy\'s accident. The court awards custody to Joanna, a decision mostly based on the assumption that a child is best raised by his mother. Ted discusses appealing the case, but his lawyer warns that Billy himself would have to take the stand in the resulting trial. Ted cannot bear the thought of submitting his child to such an ordeal and decides not to contest custody. On the morning that Billy is to move in with Joanna, Ted and Billy make breakfast together, mirroring the meal that Ted tried to cook the first morning after Joanna left. They share a tender hug knowing that this is their last daily breakfast together. Joanna calls on the intercom, asking Ted to come down to the lobby. She tells Ted how much she loves and wants Billy, but she knows his true home is with Ted. She will therefore not take him. As she enters the elevator to go and talk to Billy, she asks her ex-husband "How do I look?" The movie ends with the elevator doors closing on the emotional Joanna, right after Ted answers, "You look terrific."'] ["Note: The story is explained here in its chronological order, rather than as it is presented in the film. Andy Hanson  is a finance executive at a real estate firm in New York City. Facing an upcoming audit, which he knows will reveal that he has embezzled thousands from his employer, Andy decides to escape to Brazil , but desperately needs money to establish himself in Rio as he has spent all the money he stole paying for drugs. His brother Hank  needs money to pay child support  and his daughter's private school tuition. Meanwhile, Hank has been having a long-standing affair with Andy's wife, Gina , who has been unsatisfied with her marriage. Of the two brothers, Hank is well-meaning, but weak-willed and cowardly, easily dominated by his stronger-willed older brother, Andy, who is a ruthless schemer. Andy in turn harbors enormous resentment that his younger and more attractive brother always received more love and affection from his parents than he did during childhood. Andy devises a plan to rob their parents' jewelry store, to which Hank reluctantly agrees. Andy argues that he cannot go himself because he has been in the neighborhood recently, and could therefore be recognized. They assume that only Doris, an elderly woman who works for their parents, will be in the store. Andy states that just a toy gun is needed and that it is a victimless crime, because insurance will fully compensate their parents for the stolen items. Andy plans to fence the jewelry via a New York City dealer his father knows, and expects to net about US$120,000 from the robbery. Without consulting Andy, Hank hires Bobby Lasorda , an acquaintance who is an experienced thief, to help him in the robbery, as he is too frightened to carry out the crime alone. Bobby reveals a real gun and decides he will commit the robbery himself; Hank just needs to wait in the car. Unbeknownst to the robbers, the brothers' mother Nanette  happens to be filling in for Doris. The robbery goes awry when Nanette pulls a hidden gun on Bobby, causing a shootout; Bobby dies on the scene, and Nanette falls into a coma, dying a week later in the hospital after her husband Charles  agrees to take her off life support. Charles, unsatisfied with the police's indifference, decides to investigate on his own, and he becomes obsessed with finding information about the crime and others involved in it. Shortly after the botched robbery, Hank is confronted by Bobby's brother-in-law Dex ([[Michael Shannon , who demands financial compensation for Bobby's death to provide for his sister, Chris , Bobby's widow. While Andy is away from his office dealing with his mother's death, his superiors at work repeatedly try to contact him regarding irregularities in his department's accounts that have been revealed by the audit. At the wake for Nanette, Andy and Charles have a complex and emotional exchange, wherein Charles states he loves Andy despite their long-standing differences; Andy says he has always felt like an outsider in his father's house. When Andy questions his biological heritage, Charles slaps him. Andy and Gina immediately depart, and on the drive home Andy has an emotional breakdown over his relationship with his father. Later, at home, Gina tells Andy his boss has been trying to get in touch with him, and expresses her frustration with their marriage and Andy's growing coldness. Andy, preoccupied with covering up his embezzlement and trying to help Hank deal with Dex's blackmail, hardly reacts when Gina announces she is leaving him. Her desperate attempt to extract an emotional response from him – revealing her affair with Hank – fails, and she leaves. Charles, searching for information about the robbery, visits the same fence Andy had contacted in New York City. After an acrimonious exchange that indicates Charles and the jeweler have known and disliked each other for decades, the jeweler hands Andy's business card to Charles, revealing to Charles that Andy recently came to him looking to fence some jewels. Charles immediately goes looking for Andy. Andy decides to resolve the blackmail situation with Hank by robbing a heroin dealer that he frequents, and then escape abroad. At the dealer's apartment, Andy and Hank overpower the dealer and steal his money. Hank is shocked when Andy kills the dealer and a client who happened to be present. The brothers then go to pay off Dex, but Andy impulsively kills him from fear of continued blackmail. Andy appears ready to kill Chris  when Hank objects. Andy turns the gun on Hank, revealing that he knows about Hank and Gina's relationship. Hank begs Andy to kill him, but Andy hesitates. As Andy pauses over whether to shoot his brother, Chris shoots Andy with her brother's gun, wounding him. Hank leaves his brother and guiltily leaves some of the money behind for Chris before fleeing with the money, drugs and paraphernalia they robbed from the heroin dealer. After leaving the fence, Charles tails Andy. He follows Andy from his apartment tower, watches as he goes to Hank's apartment, then follows his sons to their meeting with Chris, and finally follows Andy to the hospital where the paramedics take his wounded son. Andy breaks down and apologizes to his estranged father for everything, explaining Nanette's death was an accident. Charles seemingly accepts his apology. Charles then attaches Andy's heart monitor to himself and suffocates his son to death with a pillow. Andy struggles to stop his father, but in his weakened condition he is overpowered. As nurses rush to help Andy, Charles walks away. It is not made clear if Charles kills his son out of revenge for the death of Nanette, as a mercy killing to spare his son the life sentence he was sure to receive for his crimes, or perhaps both."] ['The Strategic Air Command is about to introduce the B-52 Stratofortress bomber as its primary manned strategic weapon. Stationed at 329th Bomb Squadron, Castle Air Force Base, California, twenty-year United States Air Force  veteran Master Sergeant Chuck Brennan  dislikes his commanding officer, the "hotshot" Lieutenant Colonel Jim Herlihy . Brennan has not trusted Herlihy since an incident in the Korean War. This career-long problem interferes with flight operations and aircraft support. When Herlihy starts dating Brennan\'s daughter Lois , tensions grow. Brennan demands his daughter break off the relationship. Brennan, Herlihy and others try to solve all the technical problems that plague the introduction of the B-52. On one top-secret test flight to Africa, after being refueled mid-air, a control panel short-circuits, causing a fire. Herlihy orders everyone to bail out and ejects Brennan when he refuses. After safely landing the burning bomber at Castle AFB, Herlihy sends out search parties who recover all of the crew successfully except for Brennan. Following a hunch, Herlihy eventually finds the mechanic who is severely injured, and airlifts him from remote back country by helicopter to a hospital. Realizing that he was wrong about Herlihy who risked his life to bring him home, Brennan accepts that his daughter and his commanding officer should reunite. Eventually Brennan also has to choose between a high-paying civilian job and when told that his discharge papers are ready, he decides to continue his career in the USAF that he loves.'] ['The story opens in 1979 in the village of Charkhi in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Ayesha is a middle-aged widow whose life is centred around her only son, the teenager Saleem, who is in love with Zubeida, a teenage village schoolgirl. Ayesha manages to support herself and her son by her late husband\'s pension and by giving lessons in the Qur\'an to village girls. Generally well-liked and regarded, the only odd thing about Ayesha is that she refuses to go to the village well, having her neighbor\'s daughters draw water for her. Some villagers such as Amin, the postman, are troubled by the recent hanging of former prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto by the new military ruler, Gen. Zia-ul-Haq, who has promised to enforce Islamic law and encourages Islamic missionary and political groups to spread Islamism across Pakistan. Two activists from an Islamist group come to the village, and supported by the village "Choudhary" , start spreading their message of Islamic zealotry and gain recruits to fight the then-impending Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. The older men in the village react with disdain for their message of intolerance and puritanism, express cynicism at Zia\'s continual postponement of democratic elections and are angered when the activists accuse them of being un-Islamic and traitors. Although they struggle amongst the older village men, the activists soon gain a following amongst the village youth, including Saleem. With a mixture of cajoling and intimidation, the activists bring Saleem with them to a political meeting in Rawalpindi, where the speakers exhort their audience to commit themselves to jihad  for the creation of a true Islamic state in Pakistan. Drawn by their missionary zeal and call to serve Islam and Pakistan, Saleem, who wants to lead a more meaningful life than that of a simple village farmer, abandons Zubeida and grows estranged from his mother. Ayesha tries to discourage him from following the Islamists, but fails. Saleem participates in the construction of a wall to surround the girls school to "protect" them and enforcing a shutdown of village shops during namaaz  time, in line with Zia-ul-Haq\'s Islamisation. Both Ayesha and Zubeida are deeply alarmed at Saleem\'s transformation into an angry and hostile young man. Following an agreement between the Indian and Pakistani governments, a group of Indian Sikh pilgrims arrives in Pakistan to visit and pray at Sikh holy sites. A small group of them come to Charkhi, their ancestral village, which they were forced to flee during the bloody partition of India in 1947, when Charkhi became part of the new Muslim state of Pakistan. One of the Sikh pilgrims wants to search for his lost sister, who he believes survived the violence. The Sikh visitors receive a cautious, mixed response from the Muslim villagers, receiving a warm welcome from the village barber while provoking hostility from the growing numbers of the young Muslim zealots. Saleem is angered and embarrassed when he learns that his mother send sweets and savories for the Sikh pilgrims, and that she teaches village girls that non-Muslims could also go to heaven. The Sikh pilgrim asks some of the villagers, including postman Amin, if they knew of any Sikh woman who survived the riots. They respond that they do not know, but Amin visits the hut of the Sikhs in the night and informs him to look for the woman who never goes to the village well. Following the girls who bring water to her house, the Sikh finds Ayesha. Upon seeing her, he asks her if she knows a Sikh woman who survived the riots, and she grows anxious and tells him to go away. Saleem sees the Sikh talking to his mother and shuts the door on him, but hears him call his mother "Veero" and that her aged father wanted to see her one time before he died. Saleem confronts his mother and is shocked to learn that Ayesha used to be Veero, a Sikh. A flashback sequence reveals that Veero was amongst a group of the village\'s Sikh women lining up to commit suicide by jumping into the village well rather than be raped by the rioting Muslim mobs at the time of partition. Although the Sikh men, including her father, want her to jump, Veero refuses and runs away, with only her little brother following her briefly. She is later caught by Muslim rioters and is raped and imprisoned. The man who raped her later feels remorse, and offers to marry Veero. Left alone with the shame of being a raped woman and a non-Muslim in Pakistan, Veero accepts his proposal, converts to Islam, marries him and starts a new life as Ayesha, a Pakistani Muslim. Saleem reports this to his zealot friends, and although they say they do not have a problem with Saleem, who declares he is a true Pakistani and true Muslim, they demand that Ayesha make a public declaration of her belief in Islam. Saleem conveys this demand, but Ayesha refuses. This prompts an increasing boycott of Ayesha from the villagers, including her best friends. For the first time in more than thirty years, she is forced to go to the well and fetch her own water. She meets her Sikh brother at the well and refuses to accompany him, condemning her father for encouraging her to kill herself and asking how he would feel to know that she was living as a Muslim. This does not change her growing isolation, with only Zubeida keeping in touch with her. Realizing that the wounds of her past would not go away, and that she was still not accepted as a Muslim and would not be able to lead a normal life, Ayesha commits suicide by jumping into the well. Saleem buries her, gathers his mother\'s papers and belongings and throws them into the village river. The film concludes in 2002 in Rawalpindi, with Zubeida, now a grown woman who still remembers Ayesha. While walking through the streets, she recognizes a bearded Saleem, now the secretary general of a major Islamist organisation, answering questions about the compatibility of Islamic law with democracy. The film belongs to the genre of partition literatute which includes literary works and film related to the theme of infamous partition of subcontinent\'s partition into two countries and the problems which came with this partition. It has close affinities with the indian film Pinjar released in the same year 2003.'] ['Twin girls Jessica and Susie  live with their father, Steven ([[Patrick Cassidy  in the city. They have a dream about somebody saying "This town ain\'t big enough for the 3 of us" and having a shootout but argue who makes their move first. One day, they receive a letter from their godmother Natty  inviting them to a dude ranch. Natty, not knowing about their mother\'s death, wants their mother to come help her at the ranch. Natty is having financial problems because the ranch has too few paying visitors and, although she has offers, Natty does not want to sell the ranch. The girls try to ask their Dad\'s uptight boss, "The Dragonlady", for their dad\'s vacation time, only to get him fired. They lie and say that The Dragonlady said that they could go. The girls and their father go to the ranch and attempt to help Natty. As they arrive they meet a Native American called George Tailfeathers  and Natty\'s not-too-bright son Bart Gafooley . Jessica and Susie\'s deceased mother\'s horse, Lightning, leads them to their mother\'s secret hideout carved in a tree. They find half of a stone owl and a bear, plus their mom\'s diary which tells how Bart had once tried to set fire to the ranch plus Bart\'s secret hideout in a place called "The Bear\'s Mouth". As the girls finish reading, they see smoke and start running towards it, thinking it\'s another fire but they find out it\'s Bart burning papers. The girls lie to him that a piece of paper landed on the roof so they can find out what they are. They find out that Bart has been turning people away from the ranch. Trying to take a paper to Natty to show what Bart\'s doing, they are chased by Bart who falls in the pig sty and gets covered in mud. Bart tears up the paper and snarls, "This ranch ain\'t big enough for the 3 of us", which brings the girls to a conclusion that Bart was the one in the dream. Right before Bart can do any more, George backs them up with a riding lesson. At lunch, despite Bart\'s orders not to, the girls convince Natty to fix up the ranch and open it again. Later, Bart finds out that Steven is fired and is about to tell him the truth but gives the girls a chance to tell them themselves. Despite Natty\'s offers, Steven turns down her job offerings. Later, the girls find a hidden trapdoor under a stuffed bear  and go inside and find out that Bart is selling the ranch to make Gafooleyland Theme Park. Before Natty is about to sign the deed to the ranch to Bart, the girls convince her what Bart is up to. Heartbroken, she orders him off her land or else he\'d "get a good spanking". Meanwhile, Steven tries to get a loan but is turned down. What he doesn\'t know is that the bank is already with Bart on the whole deal. That night, the girls run off to Denver to convince Leo McRugger, the guy who Bart is selling the ranch to, to not go through with the deal. Their offers are so interesting, McRugger and his executives decide to come down for a week just to see if the place is actually what the girls are talking about. The ranch is fixed up with the help of George, Steven, Natty, the girls, and Laura Forrester  Steven\'s girlfriend. The activities are set up. However, every activity is sabotaged by Bart. Just when all is lost, the girls decide to find a lost treasure since they have a map. But first, they trap Bart so he can\'t do any more damage. The girls and everyone else find the gold, which turns out to be Fool\'s Gold, but still pleases McRugger and his executives. He agrees to spare the ranch. As they head to the river, they are confronted by Bart. Bart tries to escape in a canoe. The girls go after him only to be grabbed by him and taken down the river. Bart heads them down rapids and then realizes that they\'re headed for a dam. Down the river, the girls see a rope hanging off a bridge. They grab it and hang on: "Hasta La Vista, Bart". "HEY!!!!!" Bart yells and gets mad as he plunges down the dam, not dying but getting severely injured and forced to watch the people dance. Pretty soon, the girls write their own diary...'] ["The movie is based on Tim McLoughlin's novel Heart of the Old Country, which has Mike Manadoro  as a 19-year-old Brooklyn boy who is torn between two worlds. When Mike's photography portfolio wins him a partial scholarship to New York University, he must figure out how to balance his tight-knit Italian neighborhood roots in Bay Ridge with the opportunity to blend into the expansive, sophisticated world on the other side of the East River. Since his job at a local car service doesn't earn him enough to make up for the rest of the tuition, and his father, a retired sanitation worker on disability, refuses to support Mike's attempts for financial aid out of pride, Mike ultimately takes a job making deliveries for Tony, the local mob boss, to make up the difference. Mike not only has to balance work with his academic assignments, he has to manage his personal relationships as well. This includes his attraction to a beautiful, cool, intellectual young woman, Kathy Popovich  he meets at NYU, with his responsibility to his longtime girlfriend Gina  from the neighborhood whom he's promised to marry. The stakes grow higher as he faces consequential choices from turning his back on all he knows and pursuing a new life."] ['The story begins with a scene featuring star singer Olivia King  leaving her daughter Kayla, who was an infant  at the time. It is revealed that Kayla was born in Atlanta, Georgia, but in her later years, she would move to St. Louis, Missouri. Kayla  attends a concert featuring Olivia, not knowing at the time that the singer is her mother. When Olivia breaks the news to Kayla, she suddenly shows resentment towards Olivia from the fact that she had been abandoned many years ago. Olivia tries to form a relationship with Kayla, and the young star reluctantly agrees. As the story progresses, Olivia resides in New York City, with a fancy penthouse apartment and a chauffeur; it is there that Kayla decides to become a superstar, just like her mother. Soon, she signs a record deal, and records an album. She then finds a steamy romance with a handsome older music executive, Ric Ortega . However, Kayla continues to harbor bitter feelings towards Olivia, feelings which boil over during their record label\'s Grammy Party. After Kayla\'s performance, Olivia is asked to perform by the head of the label, causing Kayla to resent her mother for "stealing her spotlight". However, after discovering that Ric revealed her true parentage to the press, Kayla dissolves her relationship with him. Eventually, her feelings about her mother change, and she begins to accept the truth about her mother and the events that took place when she was younger.'] ['At Fallbrook Middle School, the annual student-elected Teacher of the Year award ceremony is held. Every year for the last 43 years, Norman Warner, fondly called Stormin\' Norman, has won the award. During the ceremony, he collapses and dies. The burden of carrying the legacy falls to Matt Warner, son of the late Norman Warner who has always lived in the shadow of his father. Determined to keep the family tradition of being Teacher of the Year alive, Matt focuses all his attention and efforts in winning the coveted title. But the new history teacher, Mr. Michael D\'Angelo becomes the new student favorite. He is called, even by fellow and senior teachers, "Mr. D". Young, funny, with unconventional methods of teaching and an uncanny ability to connect with his students, Mr. D. quickly wins the hearts not only of the students but also the teachers, especially the young art teacher, Ms. Davies. Now that Mr. D. is the most popular teacher on campus, Matt feels that he has no chances of winning against Mr. D. Now obsessed with discrediting Mr. D, Matt soon forgets what it means to be a teacher. Desperate to find a flaw in "Mr Perfect", Matt follows Mr. D around town and discovers a secret the alarmingly perfect teacher is hiding: Mr. D has been diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer and does not have long to live. Shocked by the startling discovery into realizing his own pettiness, Matt slowly changes his ways of teaching and in the process wins the hearts of his students. When Mr. D stops coming to teach because of his worsening illness, the students become depressed by the situation. Matt steps in to cheer up the student\'s spirits and leads the basketball team to a victory with a special guest appearance with 30 seconds left in the game by Mr. D. The film concludes after three years have passed and Matt\'s own son is now in high school, and Matt is teaching a brand new year of pupils in his life science class. He has won the Teacher of the Year for the last two years, Mr. D having won the award in the school year of 2003. The art teacher, Ms. Davies, inherited Mr. D\'s car. The film ends with a close-up of a photo in Matt\'s classroom of himself, Mr. D, and the basketball team with "Michael D\'Angelo 1967-2003" inscribed on the bottom of the frame.'] ['The film opens with an historical story in which the goddess Parvathi while performing dance with her husband Lord Shiva drops her nose stud named "Mookuththi" on the Earth and because of which a temple was raised named "Mookuththi Amman temple" in Tamil Nadu. The nose stud has many powers in it and so an evil powered soul named "Kaalabhairav" waits one thousand years patiently to capture it. John McKenzie ,an American student comes to India to visit and research the Mookuththi Amman temple and stays in his Indian friend Vasu\'s home. He is received warmly by his friend\'s family. John visits the temple and he learns the Mookuththi history by the temple key person Swamiji  and a leaf which guides them to protect Mookuthi from evil powers which is visible only to him and not to John. John does not believes the story yet he believes only whatever he sees in his own eyes. Meanwhile John develops a love for Vasu\'s sister Vani  which is disliked by Vasu\'s parents. Kalabhairavan wakes up from his long patience and captures the Mookuththi by one of his faithful servant by hypnotizing him. But the Mookuththi does not allow itself to go out of temple and hides itself in a snake hill inside the temple. John is charged for the theft of Mookuththi and arrested by police despite Swamiji\'s repeated words that he did not steal it. John escapes from police custody and seeks help of Swamiji. Swamiji throws a powder on him with an intention of making him invisible but John turns to a small tiny little being. Swamiji was arrested for charge of concealing someone charged with a crime. John seeks Vani\'s help and they go to the police station with John in her pocket. Swamiji instructs him that the Mookuththi should be placed back in Amman\'s nose by that day\'s sunset else John will be \'Little John\' forever. John takes away the Mookuththi from snake hill. Meanwhile Kalabhairavan attempts to capture the Mookuththi. After several struggles between evil and divine, Mookuthithi is placed back in Amman\'s nose by John which destroys the evil Kalabhairavan. John gets back to his normal size and unites with Vani.'] ['Sonora Webster is a stubborn orphan who lives with her aunt during the Depression. She has a love of horses, and one day before school, loses a bet that hers can jump a fence. It breaks and the cows get out, forcing her to be late. After she is given detention, her aunt tells her that because of her behavior and the family\'s financial difficulties, she is going to be put into an orphanage. Instead, she slips out of the house during the night. Sonora ends up at a county fair and sees Marie perform as a diving girl. A diving girl jumps onto a horse as it runs up a steep platform just before it leaps off into a pool of water. She then informs Doc Carver that she is his new diving girl. He informs her that she is too young, her body isn\'t developed enough, and tells her she should go back home. She stubbornly twists her arms and legs around a chair to show him she won\'t leave until he gives her the job. Instead, he just places her and the chair outside of his tent. Ending up in the stable with the horses, Doc sees how talented Sonora is with them and decides to give her a job as a stablehand. She then begins traveling with them, bonding with his son Al and even Doc himself. Al wins a wild horse in a game of cards, and he says that if she can tame it, he believes his father will give her a chance to train as a diving girl. She surprises him one day by riding up on it and he promises she can train to be a diving girl if she can mount it while it\'s moving. After multiple attempts, she finally succeeds and Doc keeps his promise, much to the chagrin of Marie. She and the wild horse, Lightning, develop a special bond which proves important later in the film. One day, Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder, leaving her unable to perform. Thus, Sonora becomes the diving girl, even though the swimsuits don\'t fit her. Although she has never actually dived with Lightning into the pool of water, Sonora is successful at her first jump. Marie is so jealous that she makes unreasonable demands of Doc to ensure her stardom status, and after he refuses them, she quits the show rather than share billing with Sonora. Al and his father have always had a difficult relationship, which isn\'t helped by his burgeoning romance with Sonora, and one day he leaves after having a particularly bad fight with him. He and Sonora have almost shared their first kiss, and he promises to write her. Again, he keeps his promise, but Doc, protective of Sonora, hides Al\'s letters from her. Doc and the new stablehand Clifford  leave the farm in search of work, and that night Lightning falls ill. Sonora spends the night worrying over him and is awakened by Al, who has returned and discovers that Lightning ate some moldy hay and has developed colic. Al and Sonora work together to heal Lightning and are walking him when Doc and Clifford return with the news there is no more work to be had and announcing that the show is over. Al asks Sonora why she never wrote him, and she tells him that she never received any letters from him. Both confused over the missing letters. It is then learned that Al arranged a six month contract with the Steel Pier in Atlantic City to perform the show and it\'s come through. The good news seems to patch up old differences between Doc and Al. Just as everyone seems to be getting along, Doc passes away en route to Atlantic City, apparently from a heart attack. Al takes over his father\'s role as a show presenter. On Al\'s first day, he is extremely nervous, so Sonora finds Doc\'s famous fringed jacket to give Al confidence. In it she also finds one of Al\'s old letters, confessing his love for her. When Sonora finds Al, she lets him know she feels the same. Meanwhile, Clifford has acquired a rusted-out motorcycle from a friend in Atlantic City and plans to refurbish it to working status; Sonora is unimpressed and laughs at the notion. Al and Sonora perform at Atlantic City in front of their largest audience. Everyone is nervous and excited. As she is climbing the ladder, he proposes to her. She accepts and gets ready to do the jump. The horse, a jittery stallion who is not her usual partner Lightning, is anxious because of all the noise from the band and the crowd, and just before the jump a cymbal crashes loudly, which causes him to falter and trip. Sonora keeps her eyes open as they fall into the water. Both of them make it, but her vision is impaired, yet she hides this from Al and won\'t seek medical attention for the condition. The next day when she wakes up, Sonora discovers she can\'t see. The doctor diagnoses detached retinas in both her eyes due to uncontrolled hemorrhaging behind them  and tells her the condition is permanent and she will be blind for the rest of her life. In order to avoid a breach of contract lawsuit, Al must find another diving girl within a week, and calls Marie, who returns to be it. Clifford has been working on his "new" motorcycle and gets it back in working condition. He demonstrates his new act for a small crowd including Al and Sonora—it is an enormous metal ball in which he rides around inside on the motorcycle, doing loop after loop. The crowd is amazed and he is pleased with his new "death-defying" act. Meanwhile, Sonora misses diving terribly, and feels utterly helpless and like a burden to Al. She tells him of her desires to dive again, and indicates her unique bond with Lightning as evidence that she could do it again as she knows him so well. She and Al work together to try to train her to mount him again, much the same way she and Doc once worked together earlier to train her to do so in motion. She is stubborn and refuses to give up, but Al forces her to accept the fact that it is impossible. She spends some quiet time with Lightning that night. The next day, with the help of Clifford, Marie is locked in her dressing room, and Sonora climbs the platform. Though Al is scared for her and shouts at her to come back down, the crowd doesn\'t know she\'s blind, and she uses her other senses to have a very successful jump. She is again the diving girl, and her voiceover tells us that she continued diving for 11 more years. She and Al get married and live happily ever after.'] ['The film depicts the real life story of Chiang Bi-Yu . In the 1940s, she and her newlywed husband, Chung Hao-Tung , head to mainland China to join the anti-Japanese resistance. During the war, she is forced to give her baby for adoption. After the war they return to Taiwan, as Chung is to distribute a communist paper called "The Enlightenment". However, as the Korean War deepens, Chiang Kai-Shek\'s Kuomintang regime intensifies the White Terror and Chung is eventually executed. The film consists of three intermingling storylines and scattered throughout the film are interludes of an actress  who prepares for the role of Chiang Bi-Yu, and also confronts her deceased boyfriend\'s past.'] ["Marcus is a twelve-year-old schoolboy his mother recently died leaving it up to his wealthy author Paul to look after him. He takes a sexual interest in his stepmother Elise. Elise notices his abnormal behaviour and investigates by visiting his school after discovering a torn-up letter from his headmaster. Elise is shocked by her findings. Elise becomes increasingly disturbed and wonders if Marcus is to blame for his mother's death. Elise enlists the help of psychiatrist, Dr Viorne to find answers."] ['Ryan Flynn  is a young boy who, traumatized by the death of his father, has not spoken aloud or exercised his imagination since. While on a walk with a friend, Ryan falls from a bridge and apparently drowns. He finds himself in a parallel universe called the "Dust Factory", which houses all humans who are on the verge of death, but have yet to die. The Dust Factory\'s topography is immense, encompassing lakes, forests, mountains, and a wide field covered by dry grass. In the center of the Dust Factory, is a circus pavilion whose Ringmaster is a figure of some authority and dread. Each person dwelling in the Dust Factory must enter the circus pavilion and make a leap  across the arena into the arms of a trapeze artist to proceed into death or return to life. The latter decision occurs when a participant falls into the arena during the leap, leaving behind a pile of dust which marks the passage, gives the realm its name, and when disturbed allows the one doing so to enter a hidden chamber where they play ice hockey against the Ringmaster. In the Factory, Ryan regains his voice and is reunited with his grandfather , whose Alzheimer\'s disease has  prevented him from communicating with his family. The grandfather, who is apparently knowledgeable about the inner workings of the Dust Factory, advises and tells him stories. The stories he tells, which outwardly appear to convey no obvious meaning, contain hidden parables that Ryan must solve. The theme of belief/hope versus cynicism or despair surfaces in relation to one of these. Throughout the main body of the plot, Ryan spends a single endless day exploring the Dust Factory under weather conditions that are always favorable to wandering through the environments and marveling at natural beauty. He is guided by his grandfather and accompanied by a girl of his own age called Melanie Lewis , who has been in the Dust Factory for years, lacks any memory of her previous life, and lives under the delusion that the climate is of perpetual winter, despite the appearance to Ryan and the viewer of interminable summer. Melanie and Ryan, under the eye of Ryan\'s grandfather, become intimate friends. Their time is passed in an emotional atmosphere of joy and discovery, mitigated only by the influence of the mysterious Ringmaster, who interferes several times with their activity, and by Melanie\'s conflict with Ryan\'s grandfather, who wishes Ryan to "make the leap" across the arena and thereby contradicts Melanie\'s desire that all things remain in status quo forever. Matters gradually reach a climax, whereinafter Ryan\'s grandfather "makes the leap" and dies. Subsequently, against Melanie\'s wishes , Ryan makes the leap himself, but falls into the pile of dust and is sent back to life. Melanie then defies her own delusion of continual winter and makes the decision to determine her own fate. Having returned to life, Ryan resurfaces from beneath the water and is rescued by his friend. Although he no longer has any conscious memory of the Dust Factory, it seems to be present in his subconscious, is implied by the facts that he has regained his voice, has a general feeling of joy in life. He subsequently encounters Melanie, who in real life has recovered from a cerebral aneurism. Although neither Ryan or Melanie has any conscious memory of the other, they appear to subconsciously recognize each other.'] ['Daniel Eugene "Rudy" Ruettiger grows up in Joliet, Illinois dreaming of playing college football at the University of Notre Dame. Though he is achieving some success with his local high school team Joliet Catholic Academy, he lacks the grades and money necessary to attend Notre Dame, as well as talent and physical stature. Ruettiger takes a job at a local steel mill like his father Daniel Sr., who is also a Notre Dame fan. He prepares to settle down, but when his best friend Pete is killed in an explosion at the mill, Rudy decides to follow his dream of attending Notre Dame and playing for the Fighting Irish. He perseveres to do everything he can to get into the football powerhouse. He leaves for the campus, but fails to get admitted to Notre Dame. With the help and sponsorship of a local priest, Rudy starts at a small junior college nearby named Holy Cross, hoping to get good enough grades to qualify for a transfer. He also manages to get a part-time job on Notre Dame\'s groundskeeping staff and befriends D-Bob, a graduate student at Notre Dame and a teaching assistant at his junior college. The socially-awkward D-Bob offers to tutor Rudy if he helps him meet girls. Suspecting an underlying cause to Ruettiger\'s previous academic problems, D-Bob has Rudy tested, and Rudy learns that he has dyslexia. Rudy learns how to overcome his disability and becomes a better student. At Christmas vacation, Rudy returns home to his family\'s appreciation of his report card, but is still mocked for his attempts at playing football and also dumped by his fiance, who starts seeing one of his brothers. After numerous rejections, Rudy is finally admitted to Notre Dame during his final semester of transfer eligibility. He rushes home to tell his family, and his father announces the news to his steel mill workers over the loudspeaker. After "walking on" as a non-scholarship player for the football team, Ruettiger convinces coach Ara Parseghian to give him a spot on the practice squad. An assistant coach warns the players that 35 scholarship players won\'t make the "dress roster" of players who take the field during the games but also notices that Ruettiger exhibits more drive than many of his scholarship teammates. Coach Parseghian agrees to Rudy\'s request to suit up for one home game in his senior year so his family and friends can see him as a member of the team. However, Parseghian steps down as coach following the 1974 season. Dan Devine succeeds him in 1975 and honors Parseghian\'s promise only after a player protest. Led by senior team captain and All-American Roland Steele, the other seniors rise to his defense and lay their jerseys on Devine\'s desk, each requesting that Rudy be allowed to dress in their place. In response, Devine lets Ruettiger appear for the final home game, against Georgia Tech. At the final home game, Steele invites Ruettiger to lead the team out of the tunnel onto the playing field. As the game comes to an end, and Notre Dame is ahead, Devine sends all the seniors to the field, but refuses to let Rudy play, despite the pleas from Steele and the assistant coaches. As a "Rudy!" chant spreads from the Notre Dame bench into the stadium, and the offensive team, led by tailback Jamie O\'Hare, overrules Devine\'s call for victory formation and they score another touchdown instead. Devine finally lets Rudy enter the field with the defensive team on the final kickoff. He stays in for the final play of the game, sacks the Georgia Tech quarterback, and to cheers from the stadium, is carried off the field on the shoulders of his teammates.'] ['Terri Fletcher  is a teenager with a passion for singing and dreams of becoming a professional singer. Her father Simon , a second-generation restaurateur, disapproves of Terri\'s plans, stating that being a singer may not be a worthwhile life choice. In reality, his opposition stems from resentment; Simon turned down a similar scholarship to run his parents\' restaurant when they became ill; he is intimidated by the thought of his daughter flourishing where he couldn\'t bring himself to try. Terri is very close to her older brother Paul  who fully supports her dream, despite what their dad says. One night, after being grounded, Terri & Paul sneak out of the house to attend a Three Days Grace concert. On the way back, they are in a car accident and Terri awakes in the hospital where she learns that Paul was killed and loses interest in her singing and on a music program she wanted to do for a scholarship of $10,000. However, Terri\'s mother, Frances , has a different opinion, knowing that Paul would have wanted Terri to attend the program and is able to convince her to go. Frances tells Simon that Terri plans to live with her aunt Nina  in Palm DesertEbert, Roger . "Raise Your Voice". Chicago Sun-Times for the summer and allows her daughter to travel to LA. Terri arrives in Los Angeles and weathers some difficult ordeals: her jacket is stolen, her cab driver is crabby, and when she arrives at the music school, the door is locked; fellow student Jay ([[Oliver James  lets her in and Terri arrives safely. While at the program, Terri makes new friends and learns a great deal about music, but problems arise when she is plagued by memories of the car crash which took Paul\'s life and finds it increasingly difficult to keep her participation in the program a secret from her father. Throughout the film, Terri develops a mutual fondness for Jay, but she faces competition from Robin Childers , who was involved with Jay the previous summer. Although Robin still harbors feelings for Jay, it is obvious that he does not reciprocate these feelings. Jay tries to get Robin to cease her efforts to keep him and Terri apart. On one occasion, she kisses him just as Terri walks in. Jay pushes Robin away, but Terri runs off in tears, ignoring Jay\'s insistence that the kiss meant nothing. Later, finding him drunk, Terri and her roommate Denise  take Jay elsewhere to sober up. When he does, Terri tells Jay the truth about her brother\'s death; he was killed by a drunk driver. Jay apologizes, and Terri agrees to finish the song they\'ve been working on for the scholarship contest. At home, Simon learns of Terri\'s ruse and becomes furious. On the final day, Simon comes to the school and Terri finds him packing up her belongings; he reams his daughter for disobeying and deceiving him, and for turning his own sister and wife against him. She begs him to let her finish what she started here and not let the summer go to waste. Ultimately, her father concedes. Terri and Jay then perform the song they wrote with Terri dedicating it to Paul. The scholarship prize is won by Denise, and Simon is proud of his daughter and her talents. Terri\'s teachers hope to see her next year; Simon replies that they just might. Over the end credits, Terri performs for her parents and Nina, with Jay cheering her on.'] ["Jadzia is the matriarch of a family of five children, four sons and a daughter. The household also includes the eldest son's wife—a Syrian-American whom Jadzia calls a Gypsy and who also works with Jadzia—and their child. Jadzia is  happily married to Bolek, but is having a long-term relationship with Roman. Her daughter Hala becomes pregnant by a neighborhood cop and her family pressures him to marry her. Interior shots of the home were shot in a home on Wyandotte Street in Hamtramck. The St. Florian Church was used as a backdrop."] ['The story centers around a foster family made up of a group of misfits. Mrs. Hobbes  is all alone in the world when her husband dies, but through her faith and belief in the goodness of people, discovers she has the power to help those in need and find peace within herself. When she is left with nothing but a home her husband had bought in her name, she decides to sell the home so she can have a little money. But when she arrives in Jackson Georgia she finds it is far from what she had expected. The house is home to five foster children. She first meets Crystal, a sweet little girl whose mother was hooked to the drug Crystal and named her child after it. Then she meets Jasmine, who doesn\'t talk because of her past experiences. Soon she meets Justin and Teri, two teenagers with bad attitudes. Teri used to be hooked on drugs and Justin saved his father\'s life only to watch him die from cancer a year later. Lastly she meets Max, a young boy whose mother doesn\'t love him. Through these children and God, Esther begins to find courage to save the house. She soon discovers the house is a historical building and with the help of the children and the parents they save the home. Esther then find people to invest in allowing her to build more homes for foster children. Toward the end of the movie, Jasmine speaks to Esther after years of being silent: "Thank you".'] ['Jay Austin  is a car salesman who consistently cheats his customers, even to the point of overcharging his own pastor. He teaches his rotund salemen, Bernie Meyers  and Vince Berkeley , to do likewise. Jay occasionally attends church, but only because his wife wants him to go. He also fakes giving a donation to the church, and his relationship with his wife and son deteriorates. One day while flipping television channels, he sees his pastor preaching that "you\'re in the shape you\'re in today because of the choices you\'ve made". Jay becomes personally convicted and becomes a born-again Christian, prompting him to change his business practices. Jay decides to sell cars honestly from that point on. He apologizes to the local community, as well as to his wife and son. He is also informed that his wife is pregnant. However, he is now thousands of dollars in debt and facing the loss of his dealership if he can\'t catch up on his payments to the bank. Jay decides not to worry about his situation and to "let God handle it." After the two rotund salesmen leave over a disagreement about the newly reformed business practices, a young, innocent-looking "newcomer" Kevin Cantrell  comes to Jay to work for six weeks and asks him questions, such as how he sells cars. Jay answers by saying, "Just sell the car to them by its real price and God will decide". Sales are honest, but the amounts are mediocre at best. Kevin leaves after the six weeks, and, not longer after, Jay sees himself on television. Kevin was a carefully concealed undercover agent investigating which car dealers cheat. The next day, Jay comes to the lot and sees many people there to buy his cars. He calls his wife to help sell the cars, and they sell all the cars on the lot that day. The total of the sales above the cost of the cars is enough to cover what the banker demanded plus enough to repay all the old customers the amounts Jay had overcharged them. Days after that, he gets a live television interview from reporter Hillary Vale of WALB-TV. On camera, Jay sees his now former employee Bernie saying that Jay Austin is a cheater. Since Jay had just finished visiting his old customers to return the amounts he had overcharged them, the customers, presumably all seeing the news, waste no time to visit the lot to tell Hillary that there is more to the story. At home his wife and son watch him on television when his wife starts to feel contractions. Jay exits the interview and rushes home to send his wife to the hospital. She gives birth to a girl named Faith, to stand as a living reminder of Jay\'s newfound faith in God. At the end of the film, Jay drives away with his son in his 1958 Triumph TR3 with a newly installed flywheel .'] ['Doug  and Robbie Smith  are a happily married couple about to retire and spend their days cruising around the world on their sailboat. But before they have the chance to leave, their good friend Judge David Roberts , asks them to care for two teenage boys he sentenced to juvenile hall. The facility is currently at capacity and instead of being sent to county jail, the judge tells the couple that the boys can help them prepare their boat for sailing day. The Smiths agree and soon take on two more boys with similar circumstances. The Smiths are soon faced with a variety of challenges from the boys ranging from their surly attitude, to a fire. Ultimately Doug and Robbie see positive changes in the four young men who are now reluctant to leave their new "family." Doug and Robbie also see changes in themselves as they rethink their sailing trip, their decision not to have children, and what their future now holds.'] ["Out of work scrounger Robert Martin lives with his dysfunctional family who are long suffering wife Kat, accident prone son and pregnant teenage daughter in a shabby house in Hatfield next door to the Galleria shopping centre above the A1 about 25 miles north of London. Competition addict Robert dreams of winning a holiday for his family and when he fails to win a competition in which he feels cheated out of, he flips and tracks down the elderly winners, threatens them with a gun, ties them up in the cellar and steals their tickets. The family enjoy the holiday. However, the Police catch up with Martin, he's convicted and goes to jail. He is later released to find his family life has improved since he was released from jail."] ['Thomas, a trouble thirteen-year-old boy, picking flowers in a cemetery, is surprised by Martin, an escaped convict who demands that the boy brings him some money for a train fare later that day. The boy does not know where to get money; the criminal, tells him to ask his parents. "My parents are dead," the boy says. In fact, his parents, Maurice and Lili, are alive. They are separated by they both live near the boy\'s grandparent\'s house. Thomas, disaffected by his parents divorce, goes to a boarding catholic school but is spending the weekend with his family and is going to have first communion. His grandmother is arranging to celebrate that special day and hopes her daughter and son in law would reconcile. The boy tries to get the money for the convict stealing from Lili, his mother, but then sees her sad and, in a moment of love, gives it back to her, admitting what he\'s done. He goes through a series of increasingly desperate attempts to get money and eventually scrounges some out of his grumpy grandfather, who just wants to go fishing. When the boy returns to give Martin the money, the convict\'s accomplice, Luc, decides that the boy is too much of a liability and tries to kill him. Martin saves Thomas\'s life killing his accomplice. Lili Ravenel, who is emotionally close and distant by turns to her son, is worried about Thomas. He is not doing well at school, according to the school\'s chaplain who comes to complaint about the boy\'s behavior. Lili, trapped in a humdrum existence, runs a nightclub that is situated on a river just at the water\'s edge. Pushed by her mother, she had married Maurice against her better judgment and now needs to escape the stifling effects of her union with him, but he continues to want her. Maurice threatens to remove the care and custody of her son from her. Lili has to perform her marital duties even after the divorce - while Maurice screens old home-movies of their domestic happiness long past and gone. After killing Luc, Martin arrives to have a drink at a bar by a river. That is where Lili works. He has no money and at the end of the night, fascinated by the young man, she arranges for the fugitive to take a room at a local hotel. When she arrives home, her son tells her the story in the cemetery, as it was a dream he had, but she realizes that it actually happened and the convict is the man she just left in the hotel. The celebration in honor of the Holy Communion goes on with little family harmony after Thomas wishes that an atomic bomb would destroy his school. The grandmother tries to keep the family together. Alice, the convicts\' shared girlfriend comes, gun in hand to help them escape to Tangier. They have been inseparable for years. Martin tells her that he was forced to kill Luc. Lili\'s suspicions are confirmed when she witnesses the efforts of Martin and Alice to hide the corpse on a graveyard. Martin lets her go and leaves the town with Alice. He changed his mind shortly after and returns to the village alone and goes to the bar in search of Lili. They are smitten by each other and by night, she takes the bold decision to run away with him without a hint of regret or lingering doubt. Before escaping with the convict Lili tells her mother what she plans to do, but does not change her mind in spite of her mother protestations. The boy\'s teacher and confessor confronts him with the published news of the two escapees and pressures him to tell the truth to the authorities. That same stormy night, Thomas escapes from the boarding school to see his mother, but when he arrives to her house he discovers Lili and Martin making love. Thomas runs and when Martin goes after him, Alice who has also come, shots Martin. Shortly after, Alice kills herself smashing her sport car against a wall. The next morning Lili goes to see Thomas who is staying with his father, but Maurice only allows her to see him without revealing that she is there. Later, at the police station Lili tells the truth and incriminates herself. She leaves the village detained in a police van. Thomas is riding his bike.'] ['An abused beagle runs away from his cruel owner  and meets Marty Preston. The dog then follows the boy home, but is not allowed to stay. So, Marty makes shelter from an abandoned shack at the top of a hidden hill, for the dog to stay in for the next few weeks. Marty immediately bonds with the dog and names him Shiloh. His stern father, Ray, won\'t let the boy keep the dog because it belongs to Judd Travers, a local hunter. Judd is a mean old man that hunts with his dogs. Shiloh was the most mistreated puppy out of the pack. They return Shiloh to the owner but after Shiloh is mistreated again, he runs away and returns to Marty. Knowing his father will once again make him take Shiloh back to Judd, Marty hides Shiloh in a shed behind his house. His secret is soon revealed when his mother, Louise, comes up the hill and sees Marty and Shiloh bonding by the hut. When the Bakers\' German Shepherd attacks Shiloh, Marty has to turn to Ray to help. Marty takes Shiloh to a vet and Shiloh recovers quickly. Soon, Ray said that it was time to take Shiloh back to Judd. Marty fights a little with his dad about keeping Shiloh and about how much Judd abuses him. Ray initially agrees only to keep Shiloh until he recovers and tries not to grow attached to him, but that night, when he thinks Marty is asleep, gives him a treat and afterwards no longer fights Marty\'s desire to keep the dog. Eventually Marty goes to see Judd and ask him if he could clean up his  place in trade of Shiloh. Marty works the next few days at Judd\'s and is very excited to get his new dog. After all of Marty\'s hard work, Judd simply says that there weren\'t any witnesses to sign and that a contract is no good without it. Marty fights with the beer-guzzling Judd because he worked a lot for Shiloh. Marty continues working, though, sometimes overtime without being paid a penny more. Marty told Judd that he wanted Shiloh and that he worked very hard for nothing. Marty keeps Shiloh for the next few days when cold-hearted Judd comes to take the pup. Marty fights again with Judd again about keeping Shiloh with the help of Ray. Then, Judd tries to kidnap Shiloh. Ray comes to the rescue and knocks Judd down, and the two have a fight. Judd quickly escapes Ray, grabs Shiloh, and drives away in his truck. Marty could already tell how much Judd was going to abuse Shiloh. Watching Marty and Shiloh in the mirror, Judd seems to consider everything and with a loud groan, Judd says "Shiloh, huh?" and releases the sweet beagle from his truck and Shiloh runs with a small bark of joy into Marty\'s arms. Sheena Easton sings the theme "Are There Angels" for the Shiloh soundtrack during the credits, which shows Marty happily walking with Shiloh at his side.'] ["The opening scene presents Terry and her daughters, with Denny, attending a funeral. About three years earlier, a flashback reveals, Terry had told her daughters that she thought their father, Grey, had left the family to be with his former secretary in Sweden. After sharing the news with neighbor Denny, a retired baseball player turned radio talkshow host and fellow alcoholic, Terry progressively grows close to the man, with whom she eventually begins an intimate relationship. Keen to help where he can, Denny helps Andy, one of Terry's daughters, to become a production assistant at the radio station where he works, where she meets and starts a relationship with Shep, Denny's producer, a questionable character in his 40s. Meanwhile Popeye, who is attending a private high school, finds herself attracted to a classmate, whose attention she fails to grab even after clearly declaring her interest to him . Emily's original wishes to attend a performing arts school to study dancing are superseded by her mother's request that she pursue university studies, which she starts at University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. Hadley, for her part, announces immediately following her graduation that she is engaged to her boyfriend of three years, and pregnant. When young Popeye asks Denny what his long-term intentions are concerning his relationship with her mother, Denny decides to broach the subject with Terry, only to be confronted by anger and accusations that he is trying to push her into a marriage for which she feels unready. Weary and tired of Terry's ever-shifting moods, Denny storms out of her house; the separation is only temporary, though, as the two reconcile a short while later. When a real estate deal involving both Denny and Terry finally goes through, construction begins in the area surrounding their homes and, when a worker accidentally uncovers a well, Grey Wolfmeyer's body is found, revealing in fact that he had never abandoned his family. Rather, he had accidentally fallen in the well and drowned. As the story returns to the initial scene, the Wolfmeyers and Denny, now part of the family, leave Grey's funeral to reveal that Terry, while saddened and grieving, is coming to terms with her own and her daughters' life choices and, finally, finding some inner peace."] ['{{Plot}} The film is about a K-9 dog named Ace. The police are trying to catch a robber whom they and the media nickname "Goliath". One day, the police and the dogs are on the track of Torco. Ace\'s trainer, Daniel, allows Ace to take down Torco. Ace quickly catches up with him. Torco uses a stick with barbed wire to fend off Ace. Then we see Ace on his forearm. He takes Torco down, and keeps him down, until Dan arrives. When the police see Torco\'s injuries to his neck, they believe it is a result of Ace biting him. They send Ace to a clinic to be euthanized, but he escapes and the clinic worker covers up his incompetence. Dan goes back to the scene of the crime. He sees that the area is under 24-hour surveillance. He goes onto the scene and finds a piece of barbed wire, which he believes Torco used to slashed himself with. Meanwhile, Ace is trying to get back home. Dan tries to get over the grief of losing Ace by trying out with other dogs, but is unsuccessful. Julia, Dan\'s daughter, sees Ace on the television, but her parents do not believe since Ace\'s supposed ashes is sent by mail. She convinces Dan to take them down to downtown Wenatchee to see if the dog is Ace, but when they get there Ace has escaped again. During the trip back home, Julia sees Ace, who has hopped into the back of a convertible being towed. Ace sees her and waves his paw at Julia, which is the trick she taught him. Later, the Captain brings Dan in to show the surveillance tape. It shows Torco first fending off Ace with the piece of barbed wire but then starts to slashes himself with it, proving Ace\'s innocence. Julia stakes out at Torco\'s house, believing Ace has "unfinished business" since Torco framed him. Torco comes home from work early after being fired, and he sees Julia. He enters his house and finds the box which held the glass cutter open, and goes in the kitchen and sees the drawer with cutlery ajar. He then sees some alum on the floor and open the cabinet and sees the alum container not in the correct position. Julia took some of the alum and took a picture of the cutter before she left. When she arrives home, she finds out that Torco is in the house. She tells her mom and the two of them soon see him. He sees them and chases them all throughout the house and then when they are cornered, Ace comes and brings down Torco. Torco stabs Ace with a piece of glass, but Ace is still able to bring down Torco. Dan arrives and arrests Torco. The family takes Ace to a veterinarian hospital. Later, Dan allows Julia to go to the K-9 competition with Ace, and they win 1st place. Dan and Lily go to Tahiti after Dan asks Lily where she would like to go for the weekend.'] ["Milwaukee, WI Police Department Inspector Paul Fein  is a veteran police commander whose son Ben is a senior police detective, and his son Eddie  is also a cop assigned to the department's Patrol Bureau. Paul is assigned to investigate the murder of a prominent businessman, and he soon learns that the field of suspects has been narrowed down to two—the victim's sexually freewheeling wife Anna , and Paul's wild-child daughter Jackie . Neither Paul, Ben, nor Eddie believe that Jackie could have committed the murder, and soon Paul is using himself as a decoy in a bid to find out more about what Anna does and doesn't know about her husband's death."] ['Dot  is a young, orphaned, deaf and mute teenager. After the death of her also deaf father, she is sent to live with her godparents and their daughter Nina , with whom she used to be close friends. However, she soon learns the secrets her new family withhold from the rest of the world as well as from one another. Nina constantly insults Dot every chance she gets, unhinged by her arrival. Dot blames herself for her father\'s death in a car accident, believing that if she had been with him, she could have warned him of the oncoming danger. Soon after arriving, Dot discovers an incestuous relationship between Nina and her father, Paul . Paul invited Dot to stay in an attempt to control himself, wishing he could end the sexual relationship between him and his daughter. He tries to tell his wife Olivia  about his relationship with Nina, but is unable to bring himself to say it. {{quote box}} After discovering that Dot is neither deaf nor mute, Nina pretends that she doesn\'t know the truth. For reasons of her own, Nina still pretends that Dot cannot tell anyone, and confides in Dot her plan to murder her father. Dot becomes aware of everything Nina and Paul do behind closed doors and even tries to help Nina avoid Paul\'s advances. Dot is assigned to be lab partners with Connor , a star basketball player. Their partnership arouses jealousy in Michelle , Nina\'s loudmouthed best friend, who likes Connor. Connor is able to communicate well with Dot by lip-reading in order to work on their report, knowing that with a disability of his own  he needs to improve his grades to receive a basketball scholarship. He also becomes very attracted to Dot and confides to her about personal things in his life, believing she is unable to hear him. After confiding that he is a virgin, Dot undresses for him and he has sex with her. Before the "Spring Fling" dance, Nina tells Paul that she is pregnant, and needs $1,000 for an abortion. However, once he discovers tampons in her purse, he realizes that she is lying and is only attempting to obtain the money to get away from home. As Dot begins to play the moonlight sonata downstairs, Paul confronts Nina about her lie. Nina tries to explain, but Paul, distressed that his daughter wants to leave him, begins to physically abuse her. The abuse turns into a rape attempt. Dot recognizes what is going on upstairs, stops playing piano , and heads upstairs. The music finally stops when Dot uses a piano wire to strangle Paul to death, screaming at him to leave Nina alone. All the while, Olivia remains downstairs, staring at the news in a pill-induced stupor. When Paul\'s body hits the ground, Nina starts screaming and cursing at Dot. Olivia comes upstairs and her only comment on being faced with Paul\'s body is to tell Dot that it\'s a miracle that she can hear. The two girls go to the dance where Dot dances with Connor, then reveals to him that she is able to hear and talk. Connor calls her a psycho and storms away. Both girls bury Nina\'s dress, which has her father\'s blood on it. At this point, Nina questions Dot about pretending to be deaf and mute. Dot reveals that she wanted to be closer to her father so she wouldn\'t be alone after her mother\'s death. When the girls return home, Olivia has turned herself into the police and claims that she, not Dot, killed Paul in order to protect her daughter and atone for allowing the abuse. The film ends on a philosophical note as the two girls play piano together.'] ["Two refugees, a medical doctor and his 20-something-year-old daughter arrive in the USA from Nazi-annexed Austria end up in becoming the much-needed physician and nurse in a small North Dakota farm town. The local town located in the area known as the Dust Bowl and is being hard hit by the drought and dust storms. The local farmers and townspeople want to try to save their farms and the town by adopting newer farming methods, but are eventually convinced by the Department of Agriculture, and the continuing dust storms to pack up the whole town and move en masse to an undeveloped portion of Oregon, where a new dam will create a water supply for them to build a new farming community. In a modern-day version of an old wagon train, the town moves to Oregon under John Phillips's leadership, not without differences of opinion and friction among the followers. The doctor and his daughter take a detour to San Francisco when they learn that the daughter's fiance was not killed by the Nazis in Austria, but has escaped and come to America. It turns out that the fiance has embraced Naziism, which sends the doctor and his daughter back to rejoin the transplanted town in Oregon, where the daughter marries Phillips."] ["Half-sisters Willa, Tess, and Lily Mercy are left their wealthy father's multimillion-dollar estate, including his Montana ranch, after his death. The only stipulation is that the girls will have to live with each other for a year. Having never previously met, the three sisters, who have very different personalities, agree to the strange situation, despite having reservations about their forced family reunion. The biggest problem that the girls face however, is the discovery of a saboteur in their midst. It seems that when their father died, he left some bitter enemies behind, enemies who would love to see his daughters fail. Now, in order to get what is rightfully theirs, the three siblings will have to work harder than ever before to clean up the mess their father left behind. During their trial, the three girls find love, and realize that maybe their situation wasn't such a bad thing after all."] ['J.P. Tannen  is a former professional golfer residing in California. He is estranged from his three children, who live in New York with their mother Kathleen  and stepfather, attorney Mitchell . In an effort to re-enter their lives, Tannen decides to take them on a Mediterranean cruise. Tannen, who still has feelings for Kathleen, wants her to believe he\'s a changed man, but she\'s not convinced. On the cruise, Tannen is distracted by the prospect of picking up women, including French archaeologist Marie , often leaving the kids to fend for themselves for entertainment. He reserves a table for five in the dining room, secretly expecting to find an adult female companion for the fifth chair. Youngest son Truman-Paul  has a learning disability, which Tannen impatiently pushes him to overcome. Adopted oldest son Trung  is caught stealing food from the ship\'s galley and trying to order drinks with a phony ID. Their sister Tilde  is a sensible and sensitive girl, but much too young to act as a parental influence to the boys. Tannen begins to feel he can\'t function as a traditional father, so he suggests that the kids think of him as a "friend," even calling him "J.P." The trip temporarily gets back on track with the ship\'s first port-of-call, Rome. The family has fun together and Marie is impressed by what she witnesses of Tannen as a caring parent. But while en route to their next stop, Athens, Tannen receives devastating news. Kathleen has been killed in a car accident in New York while taking the family dog to the vet. Grief-stricken, he is met in Athens by the children\'s stepfather, Mitchell, who explains that he went ahead and buried Kathleen, then flew to Europe to escort the children home, where a memorial service would later be held. Tannen insists on telling the kids himself, demanding more time. Mitchell tries to talk him out of this, but ultimately agrees to leave the kids with their father for a while longer. The ship moves on to Cairo. With the kids sightseeing, Tannen meets with Mitchell again in a local tavern, to tell him that he has begun to consider pursuing full custody of the children. Their conversation escalates into a profanity-laced argument. Mitchell points out what an absentee parent Tannen has been, not even knowing the names of his children\'s friends or teachers. He hints at knowledge of Tannen\'s unsuccessful business dealings and vows to use his capacity as a lawyer to ruin him. Tannen confesses to Marie the truth about how little time he actually has given his kids over the years. Marie joins the family on a trip to the Pyramids. It is there that Tannen finally breaks down and informs the kids that their mother has died. The children are devastated. At the next stop, Tunis, Trung runs away. He takes the first launch to shore, with the intention to work his way back to the U.S. Tilde tells her father that Trung has a history of running away, yet another fact he didn\'t know. They discover him in a marketplace and catch up to him after a chase. Tannen forces the boy to open up to him, whereupon Trung tells him angrily that he needs Tannen as a father, not a "friend." Mitchell is waiting in Genoa, prepared to take the kids back to the United States and their home. As gently as he knows how, Tannen informs Mitchell that he is keeping them. He then rattles off a list of the kids\' friends and teachers, showing Mitchell that he is determined to be more in tune with their lives.'] ['Thomas "Tom" Rosner  is a successful lawyer and happens to be a good catch. However, his unmarried state is the greatest sorrow of his mother, Helen , who is a cancer patient. As Helen visits the hospital for a check-up, she encounters her doctor\'s new nurse, Jane Cronin , a single woman who is hesitant to meet someone new after getting out of a five-year relationship. She is taken by Jane\'s beauty, compassion, intelligence and sense of humor, and immediately decides that she is the one for her son. Helen plays matchmaker between the two of them, much to the chagrin of her longtime caretaker, Katie Beale . Tom and Jane decide to humor Helen by going out on a date, but Tom is wrong in assuming that Jane likes him. In turn, Jane tells Helen that her date was "the worst social experience since the dawn of man." Undeterred, Helen manages to convince Jane to go out with Tom again. The second date goes successfully, but this time, Tom is afraid to commit because he feels he isn\'t the kind of man Jane\'s looking for. Helen succeeds in making her son see Jane again by employing jealousy, but just as things are going well between the couple, she learns that her cancer is back. This fuels her determination to finally get Tom to settle down with Jane, which frustrates Katie into telling her that she is meddling so much with her son\'s life that she is not allowing him to move on and live it on his own. Meanwhile, a torn-apart Tom goes back to his old ways and meets a girl at a bar who he reluctantly takes home with him. Jane encounters the girl and flees Tom immediately. Tom becomes withdrawn and depressed, not only because of Jane, but also because of his mother\'s illness. Meanwhile, as Helen\'s condition worsens, she begins to realize that she is not going to be around forever to look after her son.'] ["David and Jason are estranged siblings, the former a depressive late-night radio talk-show host, the latter an extroverted con man. When Jason drags his younger brother and his  bitter aging beauty-queen squeeze, Sally, to a dreary Atlantic City and into a real-estate scam, events spiral toward tragedy. The skeptical David has no faith in Jason's scam. Jason chides David for wallowing in his dark, lonely depressed life. Sally becomes disgruntled and shoots Jason. David escorts his brother's corpse home to Philadelphia by train."] ["The film begins in a small village in Sri Lanka called Mankulam, where a Sri Lankan Tamil woman Shyama  gets married to Dileepan , who along with few other Sri Lankan Tamils in the village  is part of the Tamil Tigers rebel association, which fights for the Eelam Tamil Nation. While romancing each other at a mud river after marriage, the couple hear sounds of Sri Lankan army troops approaching. He asks Shyama to leave for her safety while he remains in the forest. What happened to Dileepan after that remains a mystery. as Shyama realizes that she is pregnant and waits in vain for Dileepan to return. Her villagers begin fleeing to India to seek refuge as the war between LTTE and the Sri Lankan army goes full scale, affecting their village in the process. Shyama is initially stubborn to leave since one of the men says that he has seen Dileepan with bullet wounds in the forest near the mud lake, but her relatives convince her that she has to seek refuge for the sake of her to-be-born child. The villagers board a boat to the shores of Rameswaram, which is a famous refugee hub for Sri Lankan Tamils. While a local collector takes down the names of the refugees, Shyama's water breaks and she gives birth to a baby girl. However, as soon as the baby is born, her urge to find her husband and be with her people back home overwhelms her and she leaves behind the newborn girl in hopes that the girl will lead a better life. The film later shifts focus to nine years later in Chennai where a young exuberant girl Amudha  narrates about her family life. She introduces her short-tempered but talented father, writer Thiruchelvan , who uses the pen name 'Indira' for his books. Indira  is Amudha's mother, while she has a younger brother named Vinay, with whom she always has childish frictions, and another younger brother called Akhil. Amudha's ninth birthday approaches and both her parents take her to the temple early in the morning. Indira later reminds Thiruchelvan that they have promised themselves to reveal 'the truth' to Amudha on her ninth birthday. After praying in the temple, Thiruchelvan brings Amudha to the beach, and she runs around in the beach, he reveals the truth that she was adopted and is not their biological daughter. She was adopted from a refugee camp in Rameswaram after her parents abandoned her. Amudha is heavily disturbed after hearing the news and begins comparing and distancing herself from the family, seeing herself as an outsider. Indira's father criticizes them for revealing the truth to her at such a young age, but Thiruchelvan and Indira are certain they have taken the right decision. Amudha asks her parents to tell her the story of how she comes to be adopted. The film then flashes to nine years previously in Rameswaram, where Thiruchelvan, then a budding writer, constantly travels to the refugee camp and writes stories inspired by the people there. At one such instance, Thiruchelvan sees a newborn baby girl, and writes a short story about why her mother found the urge to abandon her child and return to a war-ridden land. Indira is his neighbour, and has always expressed interest in him. Thiruchelvan, after a while, finds the urge to adopt the small baby girl and raise her, but realizes that he will not be allowed to do so until he is married. He then proposes to Indira  in order to be able to adopt the baby. Indira suggests the name 'Amudha' after seeing the baby once, and then adopt the baby after they marry each other. Vinay was born few years after their marriage, followed by the younger brother, and thus, the family happened. Even after hearing this, Amudha is rebellious and dissatisfied. She requests to meet her biological mother at all costs despite Indira's insistence that they can't possibly find the mother even if they wanted to. Thiruchelvan finally gives in and promises to take Amudha to Sri Lanka to find her biological mother. The three of them  travel to Sri Lanka and are greeted by Dr. Herold Vikramsinghe  who is a Sinhalese, their guide during the trip. Dr. Herold Vikramsinghe too helps to find her biological mother. At Lanka, Amudha and Indira's relationship strains as Amudha becomes increasingly rude at her mother while urging to find her real mother, while the family witnesses civil violence first hand as they travel to a village that is being bombed by the army to find Shyama only to realize that they have discovered the wrong Shyama. While taking a walk in the jungles and ideologically talking about violence, civil war and western manipulation, Thiruchelvan and Vikramsinghe are captured by a group of LTTE rebels. Thiruchelvan immediately recites Tamil poetry and is identified as a Tamil writer by the group's leader . Thiruchelvan explains his motives of coming to the country, and even mentions the only evidence that he has regarding Amudha's mother - that her name is Shyama. The group leader arranges a meet and says he will bring Shyama there, and it is later revealed that Shyama is the group leader's sister, with her also being part of the LTTE rebels living in seclusion. The next day, on the meet, Vikramsinghe, Amudha, Indira, and Thiruchelvan wait at the told spot, but a sudden series of bombings break out at the place as the Sri Lankan army tries to infiltrate the hiding of the rebels in a building nearby. Vikramsinghe urges that they leave the place but Amudha stays stubborn, causing Indira to be shot in her arm. The family finally leaves the place, and Amudha, shaken by what she saw and what happened to her mother apologizes and asks that all of them leave the country and return home. The next day, the family leaves for the airport but unexpectedly, Indira requests that they drive through the meeting spot one more time. As they wait in the car parked at the spot, an auto comes by and Shyama gets down from the vehicle. The meeting finally takes place and Amudha asks Shyama a series of questions as to why Shyama abandoned her. Shyama is unable to answer to all of those questions, but also insists that her life will remain fighting for her people in her country and that Amudha should live happily with her adopted parents. Shyama leaves after that. The film ends with Thiruchelvan, Amudha, and Indira hugging each other as Shyama leaves, and a teary-eyed Amudha kisses her parents, re-affirming her love for them."] ['The film begins with Hubert Minel giving a black-and-white monologue explaining how he loves his mother but can’t stand being her son; he also reveals that when he was younger things were better between them. Hubert is a 16-year-old Québécois living in suburban Montreal with his single mother, Chantale, who divorced Hubert\'s father, Richard, when he was younger. Hubert barely sees his father and this adds to the animosity between mother and son. Driving him to school one morning an argument starts about Chantale applying makeup whilst driving, the argument ends when Chantale stops the car and tells him to walk to school. At school Hubert claims to his teacher, Ms Cloutier that his mother is dead. After the teacher finds out that it is a lie, she expresses this lie as "you killed your mother". This inspires Hubert to write an essay for school titled "I killed my mother". Later in the film, Hubert\'s friend Antonin is revealed to be his boyfriend, but Hubert has not told his mother and she finds out from Antonin\'s mother, who thought she knew. Chantale, to some extent, accepts his homosexuality; however she appears hurt that her son didn\'t tell her. Hubert wants to live in his own apartment, and is happy that his mother says it is a good idea, but the next day she has changed her mind and does not allow it, she thinks he is too young. Their relationship continues to deteriorate and Hubert goes to live with his boyfriend. His father Richard invites him over however once there Richard and Chantale tell Hubert they\'ve decided to send him to a boarding school in Coaticook. Hubert is deeply angered that his father makes the decision being as Hubert only see his father at Christmas and Easter. At the Catholic boarding school Hubert meets Eric, with whom he has an affair. Eric invites Hubert to go to a nightclub with the other students, where they kiss and Hubert takes speed. He takes the Metro home, wakes his mother, and has an emotional conversation with her. The next morning, she sends Hubert back to the boarding school. Back at school, Hubert is beaten by two fellow students. Hubert runs away with the help of Antonin who has borrowed his mother\'s car. On the journey Antonin tells Hubert that he is selfish and only cares about himself. The school\'s principal calls Chantale to inform her of the developments as well revealing the note Hubert left; saying he will be "In his kingdom". The principal also begins to lecture Chantale which causes her to have an angry outburst at him, saying how he thinks he\'s better than her and who he has no right to judge a single mother. Chantale knows exactly where Hubert\'s "kingdom" is; the house he lived as a child with both his parents and indeed Hubert and Antonin are there. Chantale sits next Hubert overlooking the beach. The film ends with a home movie clip of Hubert as a child playing with his mother.'] ["Duncan Mudge  is a shy, isolated, sexually confused farm boy whose mother has recently died, leaving him under the supervision of a stern, depressed father. Duncan seems somehow to have transferred his love for the deceased mother to his favorite chicken, which he takes everywhere, even to bed. He has developed the odd habit of putting the chicken's head in his mouth -- to calm the animal, he says. Duncan also likes to dress in his late mother's clothing, much to the distress of his confused father. The small, insular band of conformist teens that comprise adolescent social life in Duncan's world initially ostracize him, then allow him in to their circle only reluctantly, and largely for their own amusement. Duncan is beset with a profound sense of grief while trying to reconcile himself to a world in which he is a sexual alien. His crush on one of the local kids, Perry , leads to a violent resolution where Duncan relinquishes that which he loves."] ["After her father's death Sophie Ware returns to her home town in hopes of running the family ranch. She struggles with the awkwardness of being home as she is now used to living in a big city as an accomplished musician. She is surprised when Alex, the farm's handyman, offers her a marriage of convenience in order to keep the farm afloat."] ['Set in Sydney\'s western suburbs, Footy Legends tells the story of Luc Vu , a young Vietnamese Australian man with an obsession about rugby league football. Out of work and with welfare authorities threatening to take away his little sister , because their parents are dead and Luc is deemed incapable of being a responsible guardian, Luc re-unites his old Yagoona High School "footy" team&mdash;whose members are now facing social problems such as long-term unemployment, drug addictions, the after-effects of teenage parenting&mdash;and wins a competition that offers a Holden Ute and a modelling job for Lowes Menswear as its prize. It is mostly comedy which is underpinned with serious social issues affecting western Sydney. The film features Vietnamese-language dialogue between Vu, Anne, and their aged grandfather.'] ['The Soviet Union, summer 1936. Comdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov, his wife Maroussia , and their young daughter Nadia are relaxing in a banya, when they are suddenly interrupted. A peasant from the local collective farm explains that the Soviet Army\'s tanks are about to crush the wheat harvest as part of general maneuvers. Although annoyed to be bothered during his vacation, Kotov rides on horseback to where the tank crews are confronting outraged peasants. At first, a tank officer is angry that Kotov curses him out. When the older man borrows a Soviet officer\'s cap, the tank crews realize they are addressing a senior Old Bolshevik and legendary hero of the Russian Civil War. Taking the radio receiver, Kotov speaks directly to Marshal Mikhail Tukhachevsky. As the tank crews listen in admiration, Kotov familiarly addresses the Marshal as "Misha" and persuades him to hold maneuvers elsewhere. Maroussia teases her husband for being "coarse." Nadia does not agree, and the happy family returns to their country dacha. There, they join Maroussia\'s relatives, a large and eccentric family of Chekhovian aristocrats. Into the pastoral setting comes Mitya , an ex-nobleman and veteran of the anti-communist White Army. He was Maroussia\'s fiance before disappearing in 1923. Joyfully embraced by the family, he is introduced to Nadia as "Uncle Mitya." Maroussia is left feeling deeply conflicted, as she had suffered deeply when he left without explanation. Despite his personable nature, Mitya appears to have returned with a secret agenda, as he works for the Soviet political police, or NKVD. He has arrived to arrest Kotov for a non-existent conspiracy. It is revenge, as Kotov had conscripted Mitya into the CHEKA, the predecessor of the NKVD. Mitya detests Kotov, whom he blames for causing him to lose Maroussia, his love for Russia, faith, and his profession as a pianist. Kotov remarks on Mitya\'s activities in Paris, where he fingered eight White Army generals to the NKVD. All were kidnapped, smuggled to the Soviet Union, and shot without trial. Kotov says Mitya is "a whore" whose loyalties were "bought." Believing Mitya\'s plans to arrest him are a personal vendetta, Kotov boasts of his personal popularity and close relationship with Stalin. Mitya vows to repeat these words at the Lubyanka prison — after Kotov has been forced to confess to false charges of espionage, treason, and plotting to murder Stalin. The men come to blows but when young Nadia returns, they again pretend to be friends. A black car carrying NKVD agents arrives for the arrest of Kotov. A group of Young Pioneer children arrives at the dacha to pay tribute to Kotov as a hero of the Revolution and the Civil War. In a deeply ironic moment, Kotov leads them all in an oath of loyalty to Joseph Stalin and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union as Mitya looks on. Moments later, Mitya summons Kotov to the car. Continuing the charade, Mitya and Kotov allow Nadya to ride part of the way with them. After kissing her father and Mitya goodbye, she walks down the road toward home. Maintaining his military coolness, Kotov coldly vows to telephone Stalin and destroy the careers of those who have arrested him. However, the NKVD agents find the road blocked by the truck of a peasant who has gotten lost. When Kotov tries to leave the car to give the peasant directions, the NKVD agents batter him and shackle his hands. Certain that the peasant was sent to rescue Kotov, the agents summarily execute the horrified peasant on the spot. As the car drives past the peasant\'s body, Kotov realizes in horror who has really ordered his arrest. With his Communist ideals shattered, Kotov sobs inconsolably. Meanwhile, Mitya looks on unmoved. The car drives on until a massive poster of Joseph Stalin shields it from view. Mitya is then seen bleeding to death in a bathtub, having slashed his wrists. He whistles the suicide tango, To ostatnia niedziela , until his song ceases. As Nadia skips home across a field, a postscript appears on the screen: Comdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov "confessed" to all charges and was shot in August 1936. Maroussia was arrested and died in the Gulag in 1940. Although arrested with her mother, Nadia lived to see all three sentences overturned during the Khrushchev thaw. Having inherited her mother\'s musical gifts, Nadia Kotova works as a teacher in Kazakhstan. In the English release, the postscript ends with the words, "This film is dedicated to all who were burnt by the sun of the Revolution."'] ["The film spans several decades in the unconventional life of feisty nonagenarian Hagar Shipley, who sets off on a journey to reconcile herself with her past when she discovers her son Marvin and daughter-in-law Doris are moving her into a nursing home. In a crumbling house she had visited in her youth, Hagar recalls her estrangement from her father, a wealthy Manitoba shopkeeper who disowned her when she married farmer Bram Shipley. Despite her defiance, she considered herself superior to her husband, and treated him callously as their relationship disintegrated and he became an alcoholic. Her younger son John, her favorite, eventually broke her heart by becoming involved with Arlene, a wild girl of whom she disapproved. Now in hiding, Hagar meets Leo, who forces her to confront the one secret she feels she must take to her grave, namely the role she played in John's death. No longer able to repress her emotions, she realizes the bad decisions and misjudgments she made throughout her life were a result of her resolute stubbornness, and eventually she is able to find closure with Marvin."] ['Diane Ford  is a long-haul truck diver. She spends her off time having one-night stands and drinking vodka with her married neighbor, Runner . Her life is downturned when her ex-husband Len  sends their 10-year-old son Peter  to stay with her while he  recovers from cancer treatment.'] ["Skip Robinson is a construction worker who lives with his family in Los Angeles, California. They are tired of it and decides to move to the mountains with no plans to return due to the smog and congestion. After building their own cabin, they settle in to find out that their environment isn't always as peaceful as it may appear. A pack of wolves, an angry lioness, and a locally notorious grizzly bear harass the Robinsons, in their otherwise happy new home."] ["Fifteen-year-old Thomas Mollison  and his family move to a new home in the early 1990s. He is anxious because has to start at a new school, and make new friends - all he wants is to do is fit in and be regarded in the same way as everyone else. However, it seems he struggles to achieve this goal. Although his family appears to be a fairly happy one, Thomas often feels isolated; it seems as if his mother only dotes upon his brother, Charlie , and does not pay any attention to him. Thomas, however, is devoted to his brother and shows affection for him. Charlie is Thomas's older brother who lives with autism, as well as Attention Deficit Disorder. Charlie enjoys dressing up like a monkey, playing computer games using a Commodore 64 and receiving gold stars for good behaviour. Charlie communicates with the rest of his family by using Sign Language. When their heavily pregnant mother, Maggie,  must take a rest owing to a recommendation by her doctor as a consequence of Maggie's high blood pressure, Thomas is put in charge of Charlie. Thomas finds this task difficult and onerous. For example, when Charlie flees from the house in a high-spritited mood, Thomas runs after him in order to ensure the safety of his brother. Thomas is unable to keep up with Charlie. Matters become even more problematic when Charlie expresses the urge to go to the bathroom and enters the nearest house in order to use the toilet. When he does so, the brothers encounter Jackie  who is taking a shower. The fact that both brothers are only wearing their underwear is a source of severe embarrassment for Thomas. Jackie exhibits her interest in Thomas when she attends a C.P.R. class at school as well as visits Thomas at his home in order to return Charlie's monkey hat he left when he used Jackie's toilet. Thomas's first response is to ensure that his brother is hidden away from Jackie. Maggie, however, is less than thrilled when she discovers that Thomas has locked Charlie in his bedroom, who then proceeds to rub his own faeces into the carpet. Thomas becomes frustrated and tells Maggie that that Charlie is her responsibility. Maggie replies that Charlie will never be able to have a job, nor a family and will likely remain living with his parents for the rest of his life. This latest episode proves too much for Maggie. Her husband insists that she spend the rest of her pregnancy in the hospital, leaving Thomas to become the primary caregiver for Charlie. Thomas begins to enter into Charlie's world when he rides the bus for children with various disabilities with his brother. When Thomas attends his swimming class, Jackie wears Charlie's monkey ears, which pleases and amuses him. When Jackie meets Charlie, she makes a concerted effort to know and understand him, as well as to use Sign Language as a means by which to communicate with Charlie. Thomas and his father endeavour to care for Charlie. Simon tells Thomas that his mother is grateful to have Charlie as a child because she feels that the family is strong enough to be able to look after him. Representatives from Youth and Community Services visit the house and state that they have received complaints about Charlie. Simon is furious at his neighbour whom he attributes responsibility for the invasive visit. Thomas also displays his loyalty to his brother. Charlie accompanies Jackie and Thomas in order to swim in a river. When it rains, they all shelter in a nearby drainpipe where Jackie and Thomas share their first kiss. When the boys arrive home, there is a note taped to the television which states that Maggie has given birth to a girl. When Charlie sees Thomas at his school, Charlie becomes the victim of malicious taunting and harassment. Jackie tells Thomas that he needs to quit wishing that Charlie was 'normal.' Tensions flare when Jackie eats a roast dinner with the family in order to celebrate Thomas's sixteenth birthday. Jackie wonders whether or not Charlie will ever speak again. Thomas is confident that he will if everyone will stop communicating with Thomas using Sign Language. When Charlie begins masturbating at the table, causing Jackie to become extremely uncomfortable, Thomas becomes irate and smashes the computer console. After a physical altercation between the two brothers, Maggie exhibits sympathy for both of her sons. In spite of his mother's commiseration, Thomas still feels as if he behaved badly. In the morning, Thomas joins Charlie in his morning activity: sitting in the backyard while banging a wooden spoon on the ground. The family attend a school musical production entitled 'Animals Afloat,' in which Charlie portrays a monkey. After Charlie's theatrical partner, Russell, has a meltdown on stage, Thomas and Charlie both don monkey costumes and give an outstanding performance. The brothers celebrate their success by taking a bubble bath together. Thomas confesses to his brother that when he was little, he used to fall asleep at night, wishing that Charlie would be normal. Charlie looks thoughtful. The film concludes with Thomas laughing and saying to Charlie; 'You just pissed on my leg, didn't you?' The brothers then share a laugh together. {{Expand article}},"] ['Jacey Jeffries, , a 16 year old high school student. She is also the mother of a baby boy named Charley. Instead of giving him up for adoption as planned, she chooses to keep the baby. Her mother, Terry  pretends the infant is hers to allow Jacey to finish high school and lead a relatively normal life and graduate. When Jacey attends a new school, she criticizes several of the students for their promiscuous behavior during a class discussion. Jacey\'s opinions lead Donna Cooper , the Health teacher, to take a special interest in Jacey. Jacey\'s comments are unique in that she does not have an interest in following what her classmates say. The teacher\'s husband, the swim coach Bob ([[Colin Ferguson , convinces Jacey to join the swim team. Jacey passes out after taking tranquilizers stolen from her mother and ends up in the hospital. Donna and Bob are unable to conceive and are devastated when they discover their latest round of IVF has failed. Jacey feels that matters are unresolved with Charley\'s father, Brad. It is apparent that Jacey was and still is in love him. Jacey feels guilty because Brad is unaware that Jacey gave birth. Brad currently attends college. When Jacey attempts to call him, she becomes nervous upon hearing his voice and hangs up. Donna sees Jacey with Charley, and asks if Jacey is his mother. Although Jacey lied, many students from the school witnessed the interrogation and believe Jacey is really the mother. She begins to get teased at school for her behaviour. Her secret is found out at school, when the students were asked about how guys react to what girls wear. When other students criticize her for her hypocrisy, she goes to a mothers meeting for teen mothers. After being teased at school, she leaves abruptly to see Brad. They spend the day together, and are about to have sex when Jacey announces that the reason she left him was because she got pregnant. Brad takes the news badly and leaves. Jacey returns home and has huge argument with Terry who hands her Charley and tells her to handle things on her own, angry that Jacey doesn\'t understand the sacrifices she has made to help Jacey have a normal life. Exhausted and confused, she turns to Donna for help and advice. Donna advocates for Jacey telling her mother that she wants to be Charley\'s Mom to which Terry gives a speech about the sacrifices it takes to be a \'real Mom\'. A few weeks later Brad arrives at Jacey\'s house to apologise and tells Terry that he will make it work between Jacey and him. However, when Jacey makes a surprise visit to his school, she finds out Brad\'s parents will only help if a DNA test is done to prove Brad is the father, Jacey feels betrayed and leaves him. At school, Jacey gives a speech on pregnancy and teen sex, using examples from her friends from the teen mother\'s meeting. She gets applause and respect from her former bullies for being honest and sensible. Afterwards, Macy, her sister, gives her a DVD she had put together for Charley for him to watch when he is older. Watching it together with Terry, the two reconcile. Later, Donna receives a call that there is a baby waiting to be adopted. Overjoyed, Donna and Bob go to adopt the child, only to find it is Charley, and Jacey has decided to give him up to better their lives. She apparently remains a part of Charley\'s life as five years later she\'s there at Charley\'s first day at kindergarten, Donna and Bob have a new baby daughter and Bob is shown recording Charley on the camcorder and asks Charley to talk about himself " I\'m Charley Cooper and I\'m 5 years old, I got a new baby sister ", Charley tells the camera that he has two mommies and that Jacey is his special mommy and Bob asks why, Charley replies " because I\'m the only one who knows how her heart feels from inside her ". It is indicated in one scene that this is in fact the couple that was originally going to adopt him before Jacey changed her mind.'] ["Norman Dale arrives in the rural Indiana town of Hickory to be a high school teacher and basketball coach. He had lost a previous coaching position after striking a student, so he is under pressure to succeed. Like much of the state, Hickory's community is passionate about basketball. People are aware that the best player in town, Jimmy Chitwood, does not intend to play on this season's team. Faculty member Myra Fleener warns the new coach not to try to persuade Jimmy to change his mind; she believes he needs to focus on school work in order to get a scholarship to attend college and have a better future. The school enrollment is so small that Dale has only a few players on his squad. Built on a four pass offense, Dale remains steadfast when a player disobeys him in an early season game, keeping him on the bench and playing with four players after another fouls out. The coach alienates the community with a slow, defensive style that does not immediately produce results and by losing his temper, which causes him to be ejected from more than one game. Dale needs a new assistant coach and invites knowledgeable basketball fan Shooter, the alcoholic father of one of his players, to join him on the bench. This, too, confounds the town, including Shooter's son. By the middle of the season, an emergency town meeting is called to vote on whether Dale should be dismissed. Fleener appreciates the coach's staying away from Chitwood and sides with him, but the town votes him out. At the last minute, Chitwood asks permission to speak: he says he's ready to begin playing basketball again, but only if Dale remains as coach. From this point, Hickory becomes an unstoppable team. Despite a setback in which Shooter arrives drunk to a game and ends up in a hospital, the team advances through tournament play, with contributions from unsung players, such as the pint-sized Ollie and devoutly religious Strap. Hickory shocks the state by reaching the state championship game. In a large arena and before a crowd bigger than any they've seen, the Hickory players face long odds to defeat a team from South Bend, whose players are taller and more athletic. But with Chitwood scoring at the last second, tiny Hickory takes home the 1952 Indiana state championship."] ["Manoj K. Jayan plays the character of Sundaran, who is the lead character in this movie. On contrary to his name, he is quite an unattractive person. Still he has managed to win the heart of Devu . Hajiyar ([[Saikumar  is another character in the movie is less of an employee and more of an elder brother to Sundaran. Hajiyar's daughter happens to confront a few terrorists who blows up a mansion in the village."] ["A romantic ghost story about two American girls and their British father  who move to Italy after their mother dies.Following the death of his wife in a car accident, a college professor  decides to teach English Literature at an Italian University in Genova. He is accompanied by his two daughters, aged 16 and 10. The trio occupies a flat in the crowded Genova streets and soon adapt to the local way of life, taking day trips to the beach and hiring an Italian tutor in musical composition. The elder daughter begins secretly dating a local Italian teenager, surreptitiously making dates with him behind her father's back. The younger daughter remains close to her father, and still deals with painful memories of her mother's death. Herself a passenger in the car when her mother was killed she was directly responsible for the accident and remains haunted by her image. The Professor, while enjoying life in Genova, has to deal with the demands of being a single parent while also balancing his re-emergent love life. One romantic interest is a colleague at the university  with whom he shared a brief romantic relationship back at Harvard when both were students. The colleague tries to get close to the family, helping with translation and their day-to-day needs in Genova, but crossing the thin line between good advice and intrusion in their private ways in the process. Another romantic interest is a young Italian student in the professor's literature class. She is brash and idealistic and quickly makes her intentions known to the suddenly single professor. Matters come to a head one day when the professor makes a lunch date with the Italian student, simultaneously spurning his much older colleague. The eldest daughter gets into a fight with her Italian boyfriend and is forced to hitch a ride home from the beach. Meanwhile the youngest daughter is left to walk home alone due to the lateness of her older sister and instead follows an apparition of her late mother across a busy intersection, almost killing herself and causing yet another car crash, but luckily a minor one. The movie ends with the two daughters beginning their studies at a local Italian secondary school, eager to start a new chapter as a family, having already learned a great deal about family, love, and mourning, on the colourful streets of Genova."] ["Miguel, a young man from Quezon province, leaves the Philippines for the U.S. After seven years, he returns home, and his family discovers he has had a sex change operation and is now Michelle. Her father is stunned by this development, and other hostile reactions erupt. She declares she will stay until her family accepts her. She has also caused a crisis for an old friend who was going to get married without ever admitting he was gay. Michelle's bravery makes him think again."] ["The story involves a highly successful New York City family, each with its set of problems, and highlights the difficulties of the father-son relationship. Mitchell Gromberg is trying to deal with health problems resulting from a stroke.  His son, Alex, works as a lawyer in the firm that his father founded, but is questioning the usefulness of his work and his place in the family. Alex's son, Asher, does not take college seriously and seems lost. The youngest son Eli, while extremely intelligent, is entering a difficult pre-adolescent time, while being socially awkward. When Alex indulges in a thoughtless and careless brief romantic fling and his psychologist wife Rebecca discovers it, his marriage is threatened. Asher is discovered with illegal drugs. But major life crises, although devastating, bring the family together in a familial show of support, respect, and love."] ['An twelve-year-old boy James ([[Trevor Morgan  lives with his father Nathan  and stepmother Mary . He lost his mother in a car accident two years earlier. The memories of the accident still haunt him and make him freeze with panic. He has not been able to talk about his feelings about the accident and the death of his mother because his father is always away from home and he does not want to talk to his stepmother. One day playing an imaginary game behind the house of Maddy Bennet , he breaks her fence. Maddy demands that he fix it. Soon the two become good friends. Maddy also lost her son Bobby in 1974 in the Vietnam War. She tells her experiences of losing her son to James. She forces James to talk about his mother and face his fears. She tells him that her son Bobby talks to her. James\'s parents do not like the stories Maddy tells James and forbid him from seeing her. James becomes distraught at the "loss" of his friend. Meanwhile, Maddy has a heart attack, and James\'s parents permit him to nurse her back to health. Soon after her recovery, though, she dies. James becomes reconciled with his father, who now talks to him more, and with his stepmother.'] ["A young man must deal with several generations of madness and familial intrigue in this screen adaptation of the acclaimed novel by Timothy Findley. Charlie Kilworth  is a young man whose mother, Lily , is the daughter of Frederick Wyatt , the owner of a well-known piano manufacturing company. Lily is also a free-spirited and unstable woman, who bore Charlie out of wedlock, has had a number of lovers over the years, and has an unsettling fascination with fire. Lily's mother Ede  has put her daughter in a mental hospital on several occasions, and is considering having Lily lobotomized. Charlie, meanwhile, has had affairs with a number of women but has never settled down with anyone; working as an events coordinator at a resort hotel, Charlie becomes infatuated with Alex Lamont , the singer in a dance band Charlie has booked into the ballroom. Lily urges her son to get married and raise a family, but Charlie isn't so sure he's ready for a lifetime commitment, and Alex becomes frustrated by Charlie's inability to take their relationship seriously. Meanwhile, Ede and Frederick have decided that Lily needs to be permanently committed to an institution; Charlie insists that they send her to a comfortable private facility, but then discovers that a mysterious benefactor has been supporting Lily for years, and Ede and Frederick have decided if Lily is to be in a private institution, then the generous stranger must be the one who pays for it. Surprisingly, The Piano Man's Daughter was co-produced by noted comic actress Whoopi Goldberg.http://www.allmovie.com/work/the-piano-mans-daughter-259860"] ['The story follows the adventures of the Waterbury children, who are forced to move with their mother  from a luxurious Edwardian villa in the London suburbs to "Three Chimneys", a house near the fictional \'Great Northern and Southern Railway\' in the Yorkshire dales, as the father , who works at the Foreign office, has been imprisoned as a result of being falsely accused of selling state secrets to the Russians. The three children, Roberta  , Phylllis  and Peter , find amusement in watching the trains on the nearby railway line and waving to the passengers. They become friendly with Albert Perks , the station porter, and with the Old Gentleman who regularly takes the 9:15 down train. Meanwhile, to earn money to survive during her husband\'s absence, Mother writes and sells stories to magazines. After many adventures, including saving the lives of dozens of passengers by alerting a train to a landslide, rescuing a Russian dissident, Mr. Szczepansky, and uniting him with his family, and caring for Jim, the grandson of the Old Gentleman, who is injured whilst participating in a paper chase, Bobbie eventually discovers the truth of her father\'s absence and appeals to the Old Gentleman for his help. He is eventually able to help prove their father\'s innocence, and the family is reunited.'] ['The story, set in the Malabar culture, revolves around Zakir Hussain aka Kunjakka . This bus conductor lords over the family that has a motley cast to it - mother , sister , her husband ([[Innocent , son , daughters and his own sister Selina . Then there are his bus mates and the villain police sub inspector Adithya Being a good man, Kunjakka is faced with all kinds of troubles and responsibility. On the one hand he has to take on the wily cop , who also runs a bus company on the sly. Then the problems within the family come to hand. Najeeb’s  dalliance with a local girl  ends in her becoming pregnant. But Najeeb goes to Dubai leaving the girl in the lurch. So the responsibility of looking after her also falls on Kunjakka’s shoulders. There are misunderstandings in the family and his only solace is Noorjahan . The story then is about how Kunjakka unties all the knots of distrust and disappointments. It is a story that is overweighed by treacle-soaked sentiments. In fact, the maudlin nature of the script makes you groan. Starting with Mammooty none of the artistes have let down the story. Every one chips in efficiently. But the director Vinu has chosen the wrong path. He gets himself tied up through over-the-top sentiments. Music is by M. Jayachandran.'] ["The film concerns a Native American man named Raphael who lives with his wife and two children in a remote community near a rubbish dump selling whatever he can to make a living. Raphael, seeing the hopelessness of his situation and his inability to provide for his family, agrees to star in a snuff film for a large sum of money that he hopes will give his family a chance for a better life. Having been given the money in advance, Raphael is given a week to live and then return to be tortured and killed in front of the camera. The film follows Raphael's transformation with his relationship with his wife and children over the course of his final week of life and his own personal anguish with his fate."] ["Nello is a young boy whose mother died when he was a child. He lives with his grandfather, Jehan Daas . They live a poor existence, eking out a living delivering milk. On the way home they find a Bouvier des Flandres dog beaten and left on the side of the path for dead. Nursed back to health, this working dog of Flanders becomes Nello's companion throughout the movie. He has a friend, a girl, who is his lifelong companion. Her father owns the local mill. The wicked landlord is a vile man who is evil. Nello is an artist who rests his hopes on winning a famous art contest. As time passes and Nello grows older, the mill owner bans Nello from visiting his daughter, Nello's friend. Then, the evil landlord accidentally burns the mill to the ground and Nello is blamed. His grandfather dies shortly thereafter. People stop buying Nello's milk, and things turn bad for him. He is evicted by the landlord, and loses the art contest. Walking through the city streets, Nello finds the mill owner's wallet containing a vast sum of money. This is Christmas Day and he returns the wallet to the mill owner's house, and departs into a Christmas Day winter blizzard. He seeks shelter in a church where there is a view of a Reubens painting. He then has a dream of dying and that no one loves him. He decides that he wants to live his life after all. He is found by the mill owner and his daughter. His father is a very famous artist, Michael La Grande , who did not know Nello was his son but had been encouraging his artwork. In the end this is realized, and all live happily ever after.{{cite web}}"] ['14-year-old Joe Henry  has spent his life in an abusive household. His father Bob  is a raging violent alcoholic, while his mother, Theresa ([[Karen Young  feels too stressed to pay attention to him and lives in fear of getting caught in the path of her husband\'s wrath. His brother, about a year older, is normal and friendly, but offers no affirmative guidance. He mostly ignores Joe as he doesn\'t want the association of Joe\'s natural uncoolness ruining his attempts to get into the "in" crowd. Joe is taunted by his classmates, and hassled by creditors about his father\'s mounting bills. To make matters worse, one night Bob goes off the deep end and smashes all of Theresa\'s records. In response to economic pressure, he takes a full-time job after school, leaving him tired and even less able to keep up with class work. Far worse, he becomes a petty thief to raise the money to pay Bob\'s bills and replace her records. He even does an insider job--robbing the diner where he works illegally. Failing in school, Joe is assigned a Guidance counselor Leonard Coles , who, though reasonably friendly, is incompetent. . Disaster eventually strikes, and Joe faces the rest of his seemingly doomed life in doubt. Ironically, where he winds up next seems more like hope than tragedy. Perhaps a chance to get away from his horrible childhood and family.'] ['As the film begins, Jonathan Livingston Seagull is soaring through the sky hoping to travel at a speed more than 60 miles per hour. Eventually, with luck he is able to break that barrier, but when Jonathan returns to his own flock he is greeted with anything but applause. The Elders of the flock shame Jonathan for doing things the other seagulls never dare to do. Jonathan pleads to stay and claims that he wants to share his newfound discovery with everybody, but the Elders dismiss him as an outcast, and he is banished from the flock. Jonathan goes off on his own, believing that all hope is lost. However, he is soon greeted by mysterious seagulls from other lands who assure him that his talent is a unique one, and with them Jonathan is trained to become independent and proud of his beliefs. Eventually, Jonathan himself ends up becoming a mentor for other seagulls who are suffering the same fates in their own flocks as he once did.'] ['The film opens with Henry Kray being interviewed by a reporter about the events about to unfold on-screen. Henry is the son of a powerful and conservative Senator from North Carolina. Senator Kray has gained a national reputation in part by attacking homosexuality. Unknown to the senator, Henry is gay. The senator plans to kick off his re-election campaign at a luncheon at Henry\'s college campus and he expects Henry to deliver his introduction. Henry\'s sexuality is something of an open secret around campus, to the extent that the campus gay activist group has created a chart of his sexual partners. The night before Senator Kray is scheduled to arrive, Henry hooks up with Anthony, a former ACT UP activist who\'s drifted away from activism. The day of the speech, Anthony is approached by a campus activist who wants to enlist his help in outing Henry. Anthony and his friend Izzie have an argument about it and Izzie  storms off. She\'s hit by the limousine transporting the senator and his wife Eunice. The senator\'s party brings her along with them and Eunice takes a shine to her. She gives Izzie a suit and invites her along for the luncheon. Henry invites Anthony as well, insisting that he sit at the dais with him. Henry introduces his father, who begins his speech. As the speech continues, Henry stands up, pulls Anthony to his feet and kisses him in full view of the national media, outing himself before the activists have the chance to. In the firestorm of controversy, the Senator and his team decide to spin the event by stressing that the Senator still loves his gay son. Meanwhile, one of the campus activists congratulates Anthony for outing Henry, and even though Henry decided to "out" himself, the bond of trust that had started to form between him and Anthony shatters. The film closes with Henry summarizing the aftermath. He and Anthony don\'t see each other. Izzie has died of AIDS. The Senator won re-election despite, or perhaps because of, the controversy.'] ["After the death of her mother, Carrie McLaughlin  has been living with her grandmother in Pittsburgh. When her grandmother needs to go to a nursing home, Carrie has to move in with her father Hank , a rancher in Wyoming, whom she hasn't seen since she was a baby. Initially reluctant to adapt to country living, Carrie soon meets Flicka, a beautiful black Mustang that previously had belonged to Carrie's cousin Katy , who asked Hank to look after Flicka when her father sold their own ranch. Flicka is wild and dangerous and, according to the ranchers, longs for Katy. However, when Carrie is attacked by a rattlesnake, Flicka saves her and the two form a bond. Carrie also meets Jake , an attractive ranch hand hoping to become a country singer, and Amy Walker , the proud and arrogant daughter of a neighbour. Although Jake and Carrie take an immediate liking to each other, there is instant animosity between Carrie and Amy, mainly because Amy also likes Jake. When Carrie disobeys her father's rules regarding visits to the nearest town, Hank decides to punish Carrie by temporarily relocating Flicka to the farm of one of his ranch hands, Toby . After a midnight visit by Carrie, Flicka tries to follow Carrie home to Hank's ranch, but accidentally ends up on the ranch belonging to Amy's father HD Walker . Upon entering the Walker ranch, Flicka damages a fence and releases some of HD's prize cows. At Amy's request, HD asks for Flicka as payment for the damage, threatening to turn it into a lawsuit if Hank refuses. Amy then starts training with Flicka for a championship, but performs poorly during the actual competition because of Flicka's fear of the crowd and camera flashes from the audience. HD and Amy decide to have Flicka slaughtered the next day, but Carrie frees the horse during the night and sets her free to join a nearby herd of Mustangs. One year later, Carrie, Hank, and Toby are riding in the mountains when they encounter the same herd of Mustangs, including Flicka and her newborn foal."] ['Young autistic Laura Hoff, who lives in a decrepit working-class home in Scarborough, seems to suffer from agoraphobia and social anxiety. Her mother Mari nicknamed her Little Voice because of her shyness. Entranced by her late father’s array of vintage songs by Édith Piaf, Judy Garland, and Shirley Bassey, among others, she flees from her dreary existence by impersonating these singers. Mari, a profligate woman who engages in numerous affairs, discards her lovers as soon her interest falters. Her search for a long-time companion has so far been futile. Billy, a meek phone installer who comes to repair the family phone, soon shows interest in LV by sending her pamphlets. Her solitary existence shows signs of improvement when Ray Say, a manager of third-rate acts, becomes romantically involved with her mother. He overhears LV singing, recognises her prowess and determines to make her the star she declines to be, whereas Mari, who finds LV’s singing annoying and therefore disdains her, doubts her talent. Ray nonetheless asks his manager to showcase LV at his rather louche nightclub, where the girl quells her fear by imagining her father in the audience, and performs a couple of numbers that enrapture the crowd and argue her talent. For example, her voice is suffused with eroticism as she mimics Marilyn Monroe. Ray Say, who relishes the prospect of LV being a successful performer, tries to goad his newfound protégée into a singing career, but to no avail. Problems ensue when Little Voice retreats into privacy and boycotts a much-heralded appearance attended by an esteemed press agent. Ray Say’s hopes are extinguished when his attempts to console LV remain fruitless. Mari, who still scorns LV despite recognising her talent, prods her daughter into further performances without noticing the effect this has on LV. When a fire destroys LV’s records, Mari wrongly accuses her daughter of setting their house ablaze. For the first time LV manifests anger by defending herself and blaming Mari’s hedonistic philandering for her husband’s early death. Mari is abandoned by everyone, including LV, who leaves her for good, and Ray Say, who is facing angry debt-collectors. Billy finally saves LV both literally and figuratively.'] ['Widow Mary Bassett  and her 3 children have hit difficult times on their farm; it is especially apparent when they cannot even afford a turkey for their Thanksgiving dinner. Oldest daughter Tilly  writes to Mary’s wealthy and estranged mother Isabella , exaggerating their situation in a lengthy letter. Isabella comes to the farm to offer her help and finds a kindred spirit in Tilly. However, Mary resents her mother’s attempts to help them out of their financial difficulties.'] ['Dr. Françoise Gailland has a hectic schedule, which causes her to have little time to spend with her family, which consists of her husband Gérard, her pregnant teenaged daughter Elisabeth, and her sullen son Julien. However, she does manage to find the time to spend with her lover, Daniel Letessier. While her life in such disarray, she learns that she has cancer. Françoise tries to put a brave face on it, and is determined to face the life-threatening disease with courage.'] ["The film is a series of flashbacks to various periods in the life of Blake Morrison as he remembers moments he shared with his father Arthur while he, his mother, and younger sister Gillian tend to him on his deathbed in his Yorkshire home. Despite Blake's success as a writer, poet, and critic, his father - a rural general practitioner - never accepted his decision to pursue a literary career nor was he willing to acknowledge his achievements in his field. Bullying, blustery, and boorish, Arthur blunders his way through fatherhood, regularly calling his son a fathead and intruding into the boy's private moments with a sense of entitlement. He has a penchant for exaggeration when he's not telling outright lies, and he publicly humiliates his long-suffering but passively complacent wife Kim with his shameless flirting with various women and an affair with Beaty, a friend of the family. At other times, he seems genuinely interested in bonding with his son, taking him camping so they can test supposedly waterproof sleeping bags he has made or allowing him to drive in the family's Alvis convertible on a wide expanse of deserted beach with reckless abandon. As a result, Blake is left with mixed feelings for the man, ranging from deeply-rooted anger to compassionate acceptance. Only after Arthur's death is he able to set aside his resentment and recognize him as a father whose flaws ultimately helped mold his son into the better man he is."] ['Based on the "Molly: An American Girl" book series, this movie is set in 1944 in the town of Jefferson, Illinois. Molly McIntire and her family are learning to cope with the changes the war has brought to their close-knit family. The start somewhat centers around Molly missing her father who is overseas to care for wounded soldiers in England. As they try to keep things running smoothly, Molly enters a dance contest at school, and is picked for the role of "Miss Victory". She and her friends, Susan Shapiro and Linda Rinaldi, are lively, outgoing, and always bursting with ideas. Also during this time, a young girl named Emily Bennett comes from London, England to live with the McIntire family. At first, Molly is unhappy about Emily staying at her home because she thinks she is rich and stuck-up. Then Molly learns Emily\'s true story, and her feelings toward her change for the better. At the end of the film, Molly learns the importance of getting along and pulling together no matter what.'] ["Puja , daughter of a businessman Ram Mata  based in New York, is excited when she learns news about wedding of her cousin Sunder , scheduled in a month's time at Pune, India. She, at once, decides to visit India, the country of her origin. On her way from Mumbai to Pune, she meets Dev , a handsome boy and falls in love. At home, she notices aunty Padma dominating the household and her uncle Murli's  home is in a mess. Dadi , who is not keeping well, is being ignored. Her cousin Sangita  is not allowed to do anything on her own. She has to take permission of her mother for everything. Murli does not want any tension in the house so he does not interfere. Every member of the family including Sunder, has surrendered to the whirs and fancies of Padma. With preparations for Sunder's wedding in full swing, Puja begins to take things in her own hands. Twist in the tale comes with revelation that Sunder is not happy with the marriage as he is in love with a Christian girl Rosy . Puja decides to fix the problem with the help of Dev. She meets Sunder's fiance and tells her about Rosy. All hell breaks loose, when news comes from Sunder's future in-laws that they have decided to break the ties. Puja and Sunder come under attack from Padma. Following a major showdown, Sunder leaves home in anger. Puja is shocked at these happenings."] ['The Other Side of Heaven is about John Groberg\'s mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to Tonga. The movie takes place in the 1950s. John Groberg  is playing in the band at a dance being held at Brigham Young University. Jean  is his girlfriend; and she is also at the dance. John and Jean end up dancing with each other, and they leave the dance together. John\'s family in Idaho Falls receives his mission call. He learns that he is called to serve in Tonga. He says goodbye to his family and leaves from Idaho Falls to Los Angeles. In Los Angeles, he boards a ship and gets to Fiji where he is detained in a Fijian jail. He is released and sets sail for Tonga. When he gets to Tonga, he meets his mission president. His mission president introduces him to Feki, his companion. Feki is a native Tongan who also speaks English. They are assigned to serve in a remote island of the mission. He expects a warm welcome from the people. Instead, he is greeted with contempt by the island people. He goes through culture shock as he adjusts to the Tongan culture. He has difficulty with the Tongan language. Also, a local minister has told the people not to listen to John or to his message. He begins by learning the Tongan language. He isolates himself and studies the Bible in both English and Tongan. He becomes more familiar with the language. John and Feki build a house for themselves on the island. One morning, John discovers that rats have eaten the soles of his feet. His fellow church members help him as his feet heal. They heal just in time for the Sunday church meetings, and he is miraculously able to walk. This astonishes the people, and they become more receptive to his message. One night, a group of men surround John and Feki to beat them up. They have been sent by the local minister. One of the men, Tomasi, breaks them up and sends them away. Tomasi saves John and Feki, because he was baptised into the church and is Mormon himself. Tomasi begins attending church meetings. A local woman, at the behest of her family, tries to seduce John so that she can have a "half White baby". The woman\'s mother becomes offended at John\'s rejection of her daughter. John tells her that he is saving himself for Jean, his girlfriend back home. The woman\'s mother is satisfied. A hurricane hits the island, and the island is heavily damaged. A supply ship is expected in a few weeks, but the ship is late. The people ration their food and water to survive. Many people on the island die. John is saved when the local minister approaches him, apologizes to him, and gives John his last ration of food. The supply ship arrives. John, Feki, and many others are saved. The local minister passes away and is given an honorable burial. The mission president authorizes John to form a congregation on the island. John is set apart as the branch president and calls two counselors. Feki is assigned to go back to construction. John and Feki part ways, and thank each other for their friendship. The new mission president visits the island and has concerns about the work there. Even though a lot of work has been done, the mission president has no records of the work. John quickly completes the required forms and turns them in to the mission president. The mission president apologizes to John and praises John for his work. He also puts John in for a six-month extension of his mission. While traveling to an outlying island, John and his two counselors are caught in a major storm at sea. All three are tossed overboard and must swim for their lives. John miraculously makes it to shore and finds that his counselors are also safe. Once John returns to the Tongan Island, he finds out the six-month extension is denied, and John concludes his mission to Tonga. The people thank him for all he has done for them, and John heads back home to the United States. Throughout his mission, John and Jean keep in contact by letters. Some of the narrative of the story is told through these letters. They remain faithful to each other and are married after John returns home. They have children and continue to serve in the church. They also visit the Tongan islands several times.'] ['The Dandridge sisters, Evangeline , Kareenah, Bethany and Jacqui live in Los Angeles, California. While Eva does not have a significant other, her sisters do. Eva, who works for the city\'s health department as an inspector, is bossy and believes only she knows what\'s best for herself and her sisters and cannot get along at all with their husbands/boyfriends. When the four sisters band together to protect a family inheritance it is the last straw. The men turn to Ray Adams , a restaurant meat delivery trucker, to solve their problem, paying him to keep Eva busy and out of their respective lives. Unfortunately for Ray, he falls in love with Eva at first sight, but she proves to have a tart tongue and suspicious nature. Adams patiently begins to bring her around to the idea of a romantic relationship, even as she toys with the idea of leaving the city. Eva and Ray fall hopelessly in love with each other, and Eva even temporarily abandons her shrewish ways. But Ray\'s friends panic and attempt to break up the blossoming romance, claiming their wives never let them hear the end of the latest with Eva and Ray, and that Eva intends to stay in the city. Things get so complicated that the men finally hatch a daring plan: kidnap Ray, lie to Eva about his death in an accident and cajole her into leaving the city. Eva believes them and arranges a tearful funeral for her "dead" boyfriend, but in the middle of the service Ray appears, having escaped his prison, and the whole truth comes out. An angry Eva dumps Ray, leaves the city and resolves to start a new life. But Ray hasn\'t quite given up. He shows up at Eva\'s job on a white horse and persuades her to forgive him. She agrees to take him back, split up the inheritance, and apologizes for her interference in her sisters\' relationships.'] ["The main character Qinghong is a 19 year old student living with her overly repressive father, mother and younger brother in a typical small apartment. Her 'boyfriend' Honggen, a working local boy who plays only a minor role in the film and develops an obsession with Qihong to her father's contempt. Confiding in her best friend Xiao Zhen, Qinghong strives for love and independence.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0456658/plotsummary Qinghong's father Wu Zemin is a stubborn and aggressive man, who has never forgiven his wife for persuading him to move to rural Guiyang. He regularly meets with other 'Third Line' volunteers to discuss strategies for returning to Shanghai. He becomes increasingly strict with Qinghong, often following her home from school to ensure a restricted social life. He forbids her from seeing her 'boyfriend' Honggen, discourages her from spending time with Xiao Zhen and after discovering that she has sneaked out to an underground dance party confines her to the house. Xiao Zhen has meanwhile fallen for the local boy Lu Jun, the son of another 'Third Line' volunteer couple. Lu gets a local girl pregnant and is forced by his angry father to marry her. Soon after the wedding, though, he runs away with Xiao Zhen, causing panic in the local community. Honggen stalks Qinghong and she promises to meet him secretly one evening. She slips out of the house while her father hosts a meeting with other “Third Line” friends to discuss a plan to flee to Shanghai without official permission. When Qinghong tells Honggen that they cannot be together because her family will soon leave, the nervous Honggen loses control of himself and rapes her. Qinghong totters home, muddied and bleeding. Her father initially tries to retaliate by beating up Honggen at work, but subsequently alerts the police and has Honggen arrested. Traumatised, Qinghong attempts suicide. She is recovering when a sad and chastened Xiaon Zhen returns to Guiyang. Very early one morning, as dawn is breaking, the Wu family boards a van for the drive to Shanghai. They are delayed in the streets of Guiyang by the crowds gathering to watch a round of public executions. Called out on loudspeaker are the names of those to be executed, with the last name called Honggen.http://www.artificial-eye.com/film.php?dvd=ART335DVD"] ['Strength and Honour tells the story of an Irish-American boxer, Sean Kelleher , who accidentally kills his friend in the ring and promises his wife that he will never box again. However, years later, when he discovers that his only son is dying of the same hereditary heart disorder which has taken his wife, he is forced to break his promise in order to raise the substantial funds needed for the surgery that could save his son’s life. Strength and Honour is a story of hope and love, sacrifice and devotion, set against the violent underground world of Irish bare-knuckle boxing.'] ["Four older women, all Chinese immigrants living in San Francisco, meet regularly to play mahjong, eat, and tell stories. Each of these women has an adult Chinese-American daughter. The film reveals the hidden pasts of the older women and their daughter's lives shaped by the clash of Chinese and American cultures as they strive to understand their family bonds and one another."] ["Vitus, played by Teo Gheorghiu, is a highly gifted pianist at the age of 12. His parents mean well, but are over-protective, so Vitus seeks refuge with his grandfather , who loves flying. After faking a head injury, Vitus secretly amasses a fortune on the stock market. The money allows his grandfather to purchase a Pilatus PC-6 and his father to return triumphantly to the company that had fired him previously. Also, Vitus tries to get with his former babysitter, Isabel. The movie ends with Vitus performing Robert Schumann's Piano Concerto on stage with the Zurich Chamber Orchestra."] ["Jacob Petersen manages an Indian orphanage. With a small staff, he works as hard as he can to keep the orphanage afloat, and is personally invested in the young charges - in particular, Pramod, a young boy Jacob has cared for since the boy's birth. The orphanage has been in danger of collapse for eight years and now faces bankruptcy. A Danish corporation offers a substantial donation to maintain the orphanage, with the caveat that Jacob return to Denmark  to personally receive the funds. Apparently the CEO, Jørgen Hannson, wishes to meet Jacob. Pramod is upset when he learns that Jacob must travel to Copenhagen, and is insistent that Jacob return for Pramod's birthday, which is in eight days. Jacob departs for Denmark; once there, he is greeted by a driver and a young man named Christian, and is checked into a luxurious suite at a five-star hotel, paid for by the corporation: quite a contrast from his living conditions in India. When Jacob meets with Jørgen, Jørgen says he is still considering which project to fund. This surprises Jacob, who had understood that the decision was already made. Jørgen's daughter Anna is to marry Christian - the man who accompanied Jacob on his arrival - the next day; Jørgen invites Jacob to the wedding. During the ceremony, Helene, Jørgen's wife, notices Jacob, and steals surreptitious glances at him. They are formally introduced during the reception, though both of them have already confirmed each other's identity. She was the love of Jacob's life, but he was unfaithful with her best friend, and they broke up twenty years prior. During Anna's speech at the marriage festivities, Jacob learns that she is not the biological daughter of Jørgen. His suspicion that she might be his daughter is confirmed by Helene the next day. Jacob is angry to have only learned of his daughter after two decades. Helene claims that they had tried to track him down in India but were unsuccessful. She is compelled to tell Anna of Jacob now; the two meet and get along rather well, if not a bit awkwardly. Jørgen stalls the negotiations relating to funding, which distresses Jacob because of his promise to return for Pramod's birthday. Jacob attempts to explain the situation to a disappointed Pramod, who cuts their telephone call short. Jørgen discloses that he will create a foundation in Jacob's and Anna's name and fund it with a large sum of money. One of the conditions of the contract, however, would be that Jacob must live in Denmark. Jacob initially finds himself unable to comply, because he is thinking of Pramod and the other children who have been part of his life for so long. He also resents the implication that he could be bought by Jørgen. When Jacob storms out, Jørgen runs after him and admits the real motivation: Jørgen is terminally ill and will soon die. Jørgen had brought Jacob to Denmark so he could care for Anna and Helene, as well as Morten and Martin, Jørgen's twin sons. Angered at this deception, Jacob hastily leaves for his hotel room. Later, Anna turns up there crying because she has just discovered Christian with another woman. Jacob comforts her, realizing his need for her in his life. He signs the contract with Jørgen with the conditions intact. Jørgen dies. On Jacob's next visit to India, construction work at the orphanage is well underway. Jacob asks Pramod if he would like to come to Denmark to live with him, but partly because Jacob used to rail against the rich, Pramod decides to stay in his home country."] ["The film opens to scenes of Berlin during World War Two, with the ongoing war depicted by bombs and explosions, both onscreen and in the background soundtrack. The film then jumps back twenty years in time, and, through a series of vignettes about worker Hans Behnke, traces the way in which a typical worker who opposes Nazi party ideology could be drawn into complying and cooperating with the Nazi regime. Significant vignettes include depictions of the high unemployment in 1920s Germany and later, the threat to Hans's job due to his failure to belong to the Nazi party. It is implied that Hans's complicity with the Nazi regime rises out of a desire to be able to provide for his family and not return to the ranks of the Arbeitslos . Hans ultimately does join the Nazi party, but still shows signs of disagreement with their ideology. He eventually aids a resistance group in printing anti-war propaganda, and is finally turned into the authorities by his son Helmut. Hans is then put in jail, and the timeline returns to that given at the very beginning of the film. Hans is eventually freed from jail, but his wife, Charlotte, has been killed in the war. The end of the film depicts Hans's reconciliation with his son Helmut, and Helmut's beginning of a new life with his girlfriend. The ending scenes of the film echo those of the beginning in which Hans and Charlotte start their life, but with dialog and visual symbolism suggesting that Helmut will not repeat his father's mistakes and his father's complicity."] ["Pan Tadeusz is told in flashbacks as the author, Adam Mickiewicz, reads his work to a group of elderly exiles in Paris. The story takes place over the course of five days in 1811 and one day in 1812 in rolling landscapes of Lithuania inhabited by Poles whose homeland has been recently partitioned among Russia, the Austrian Empire and Prussia. Not far off in history looms Napoleon's invasion of Russia, the prospect of which heartens Poles yearning for liberation. But more immediately, the characters in Pan Tadeusz are feuding among themselves. At odds are two families: the Soplicas and the Horeszkos. Their differences arise from a bloody night when the dashing Jacek Soplica , takes advantage of a Russian assault on the Count's castle to kill him. At that moment, the Count's faithful warden, Gervazy, vows vengeance for his master's death. Gervazy will not forgive and forget that in 1792, the last household lord of the Horeszkos was killed by Jacek Soplica and as a result, the latter was rewarded with the former's castle by the Russian colonizers. 20 years later, matters remain unresolved. Jacek Soplica's brother, Judge Andrzej Seweryn , is locked in a lawsuit over the castle. A relative of the old murdered Count, young Count Horeszko  has just arrived on the scene, as has 20-year-old Tadeusz Soplica , the Judge's nephew. He is soon smitten with the innocent Zosia , the teenage ward of his manipulative aunt, Telimena . Preaching insurrection among the people is Priest Robak , who carries more than a few secrets under his cowl.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?res=9A00E6DE103DF931A15752C0A9669C8B63 New York Times, 2000 Robak informs the Poles who are living in Lithuania that Napoleon is marching against the Russians and will be crossing the nearby Niemen River. Naturally, the Poles get intensely worked up over this news as they abhor their Russian overlords. In the meantime, aunt Telimena, who is in charge of raising 14-year old Zosia, begins a relationship with Tadeusz. This relationship does not please the rest of the family who expect Tadeusz to marry Zosia. More reports arrive of the approach of Napoleon's army. It is said that Polish horsemen are coming with the French and will cross the Niemen. At this time Tadeusz finds out that his father Jacek is still alive and that it was he who sent Priest Robak to his uncle to secure the marriage of Tadeusz and Zosia. Through this marriage, Jacek wishes to make amends for his past sins by restoring the land back to the Count. However, aunt Telimena  secretly wishes for Zosia to marry the wealthy Count. When the Count attends a banquet given by the Soplica's family, Gervazy  wreaks havoc by bringing up the old family dispute . The Count and Tadeusz agree to settle their dispute with a duel. Meanwhile, it is revealed to the judge that Father Robak is actually Jacek Soplica. To take vengeance on the Soplica family, the Count and Gervazy head to the village of Dobrzyn to recruit some of the gentry to help destroy them. Vengeance is combined with the goal of starting an insurrection against the Russians. The recruited gentry along with the Count put the Soplicas under house arrest while Gervazy and his forces settle in the castle and make it the headquarters of the Count. The Russian soldiers intervene and capture all the rebels and make them prisoner. Nonetheless, the Soplica's supply weapons and free the rebels, which ultimately allows both Poles and Lithuanians to come together to fight the Russians. In the struggle, Jacek Soplica personally saves the lives of both the Count and Gervazy, for which the two men forgive Jacek Soplica for his past sins. Climactically, the Poles and Lithuanians win the battle, but many will have to leave their homes to avoid the wrath of the Russians. As news is received that Napoleon has declared war on Russia, the Count and Tadeusz, forgetting their promised duel, head off to join the French troops marching against the Russians. As the story of Pan Tadeusz approaches the end, Count Horeszko and Tadeusz Soplica return as soldier heroes and both families  celebrate and rejoice in peace as Tadeusz is betrothed to Zosia.http://www.vernonjohns.org/snuffy1186/pan_tadeusz%202000.html article by Patrick L. Cooney, Ph. D. The film ends, as it began, with many of the protagonists, now emigres in Paris, listening to Adam Mickiewicz as he reads from his poem about the homeland to which they cannot return."] ['Manito is set against the backdrop of a changing inner city that was once a neighborhood filled with thugs, drugs, poverty, violence, and dubbed the cocaine capital of the United States, tells the story of two brothers Junior Moreno , an ex-convict struggling to get his life back and Manny Moreno , the salutatorian of his high school class. Although the dealers were disappearing from the neighborhood, their violent legacy remained casting a shadow over the \'hood and its residents. The film begins on the morning of Manny\'s graduation when various principal characters reluctantly roll out of bed, communicating with each other in overlapping arguments and cell phone conversations. Muscle-bound hunk Junior Moreno immediately channels his ever-hot-tempered energy toward long-suffering wife Miriam  as well as the Mexican foreman  who recruits day workers for Junior\'s not quite legal home-plastering biz. Reasons for Miriam\'s wary demeanor soon become obvious: Being a husband and father hasn\'t cramped Junior\'s lady-killer instincts one whit, with wealthy female business clients definitely on his to-do list. The day is focused on a big event: Younger sibling Manny is graduating from high school, a huge party is planned, and he is headed for Syracuse University on a full scholarship. He is the apple of everyone\'s eye, including his grandpa . Conspicuously absent from the preparations, however, is his and Junior\'s father Oscar , who runs a bodega in the neighborhood but is ostracized from all contact. Only well into the story—after he\'s been forcibly ejected from the boisterous celebration—do we learn why: Oscar\'s criminal activities landed Junior in prison, after which the father abandoned him and the rest of the family. This black sheep\'s uninvited appearance casts a pall over the hitherto raucous party. As it breaks up, Manny insists on escorting home his date, gorgeous single-mom classmate Marisol . On the subway, two punch-drunk thugs interrupt their sweet courtship. When things get scary, Marisol uses her mace can, instigating a harrowing chase from which the young couple barely escapes. Shaken, Manny refuses an offer to sleep over. Marisol, afraid the thugs are still waiting outside, presses a handgun on him "for protection." The next morning dawns with a new series of cell phone calls: Manny is in jail for shooting an attacker who\'s now in a coma; the second assailant is still at large. Junior knows from experience that little bro doesn\'t have what it takes to survive long in prison, especially since he\'s swiftly transferred to the hard-core Rikers Island. When Junior\'s desperate attempts to raise bail money and secure a decent lawyer, prove fruitless, he chokes down his bitterness and approaches Oscar for help. Their tense, then terrifying confrontation reaches an awful impasse that leaves the family\'s future darker than before.'] ['Tommy Fawkes is the son of comedy legend George Fawkes. After his own Las Vegas comedy act flops, Tommy returns to Blackpool, England, where he spent the summers of his childhood. Disguised with a new identity, Tommy intends to seek out unique performers and purchase their acts. During this time, Tommy encounters his father\'s old comedy partners, Bruno and Thomas Parker. Once great performers, they now work as ghouls on a ghost train at Blackpool Pleasure Beach Circus. Bruno\'s son Jack is a brilliant comic, but psychologically troubled. He has also been manipulated by a corrupt policeman known as Sharkey into stealing valuable wax eggs from smugglers. Tommy also meets Jack\'s mother Katie. Even though Tommy is in disguise, she suspects that he is somehow connected to the family. Tommy eventually realises that his father stole his original act from the Parker brothers. He then reveals himself to be Tommy Fawkes and Katie tells him that Jack is his half-brother. Tommy phones his father about the revelation and George gets on the next plane to Blackpool. As part of their reconciliation, George arranges for the Parkers to top the bill at a Blackpool Tower Circus event. However, Jack is still hounded by Sharkey and cannot perform. During an elaborate Egyptian act, Katie gets rid of Sharkey via a sarcophagus, which is then kidnapped by the smugglers. The wax eggs contained a mystical, ancient Chinese rejuvenating powder. Jack had previously placed the powder within a makeup tin, which Bruno and Thomas accidentally use, helping them to perform brilliantly. Toward the end of the show, Jack is seen climbing a giant pole chased by a policeman. Jack smacks the policeman in the face with a glass bottle and the policeman begins to fall. However, Jack is strong enough to hold him in mid air and then the camera reveals that Tommy is the policeman. Jack then says to Tommy, "They\'re beginning to like you." Jack laughs and Tommy, suddenly no longer afraid, gazes at the audience and finds the feeling he was searching for all his life.'] ["Wang is The King of Masks, an aged street performer who practices the change-mask opera art of bian lian. He laments that he has no male heirs to carry on his mysterious and complicated art and trade. At an illegal child market, Wang buys what he believes to be an orphan boy to become his adopted grandson and apprentice. However, Wang soon learns his new disciple is in fact a girl. As tradition dictates that he cannot pass his art onto a girl, he tries to abandon her, but she stubbornly stays with him. While looking at his masks, she accidentally sets his humble residence on fire. Out of guilt, she runs away. When Wang is falsely accused of kidnapping a rich family's child, he is thrown in jail. His former disciple goes to one of his friends, a famous performer in the local opera, threatening to kill herself if he or any of his guests, including a local military leader, are unable to help Wang. The King of Masks is eventually freed, and he finally accepts the girl as his granddaughter and teaches her his art."] ["In a suburban neighborhood, Paul Gold  lies in his bedroom in a vegetative state - a coma caused by a traumatic car accident, being nursed by his mother, Esther . Esther dutifully tends to Paul day and night, and in doing so has distanced herself from her husband Howard  and teenage daughter Julie . In an attempt to elicit her mother's attention, Julie enters Esther in a local radio contest in hopes of winning the brand new car that is up for grabs. Meanwhile, after ages of putting his job first, Jim Train  feels his family, especially his efficient wife Susan , no longer needs him. He tries to reconnect with his son Jake , but pubescent Jake is preoccupied with romantic fantasies that revolve around his younger sister's twelve-inch plastic doll. Jim stops going to work, claiming that a bomb threat was called into his office, and convinces Esther and Julie to let him help them win the car. The Trains' neighbor, Helen Christianson , feeling older and less desirable, tries new products to keep her feeling young but succeeds only in alienating her husband, who loves her as she is. Helen's good friend, Annette Jennings , in the midst of a messy divorce, struggles to financially provide for her two daughters. Sam , the older tomboyish daughter, is desperate to go off to camp that summer. Sam's younger sister suffers from mental disabilities and requires special schooling, schooling that her selfish ex-husband refuses to pay for. Annette is also mourning the loss of Paul, with whom she was having a relationship. Randy , the neighborhood's landscaper, is also coping  with his own younger brother's death. Annette's estranged husband comes over so that he can see the children. He states that he would like to take their eldest, Sam, on holiday. Annette refuses because Sam isn't interested in spending time with her father and her ex-husband does not want to care for the younger daughter. Sam overhears the ensuing argument and as a result runs away from her father when he tries to talk to her at the park. After stopping behind a nearby building, she bumps into Randy who convinces her that her mom instructed him to pick her up. Randy takes Sam to a remote cabin in the woods and keeps her there, not allowing her to call home while calling her 'Johnny'. After what appears to be three days, Randy starts driving back to the suburb in an attempt to recreate the night that all of the characters' lives intersected. However, when the beer he asks Sam to hand him doesn't explode, he appears to realize that the person in the back seat is Sam, not his brother, who was named Johnny. Esther eventually gets to the final two in the radio contest, only to pull out at the last moment after nearly three days of physical and emotional taxation. Julie becomes angry and runs off. Jim, angry at what he feels is an inadequate second place prize, becomes violent and wrecks the area. He gets chased off by Bobby, Helen's son, who works as the mall security guard. Esther, who finally becomes aware of how much she has neglected her daughter, goes home and tearfully suffocates her son. Jim returns home, and Randy lets Sam go home. Helen almost cheats on her husband, but after making a last minute phone call eventually returns home having done nothing. It is revealed in a flashback what caused the car crash which put Paul in a coma. Randy, Paul, and Randy's younger brother Johnny were traveling in a car after a gig that Paul's band played. Johnny gave Randy and Paul beers which were secretly shaken, so that they exploded on Paul, who was driving. Another car, carrying Julie and Bobby, came from the opposite direction, speeding to rush Julie home after an impromptu tryst so that Julie wouldn't get in trouble for violating her curfew. Both drivers became distracted, both cars had to swerve to avoid one another, and Paul's car crashed and flipped over. The guilt that has consumed Randy and Julie both throughout the film is shown to have originated from both believing that they were to blame for the crash. The final scenes of the movie show the characters coming to heightened understandings of impacts of events in their lives and the choices they've made, and lastly, the interconnectedness of the families profiled."] ["Charley Appleby is a hardware store owner whose frugality and commitment to his job have enabled his family to avoid poverty during the Great Depression and Prohibition. However, his relationship with his children and wife Nettie  is strained. They especially want to go to see the Chicago World's Fair. His growing sons Willie and Rupert  manage to find work in a junkyard owned by a man named Felix with ties to bootleggers, and his teenage daughter Leonora  decides to elope with a young man named Ray , who seems untrustworthy. Charley is visited by a shabby-looking angel  who appears visible only to him. The angel tells Charley that his time will soon be up, and the shopkeeper decides to become religious, patch relations with his family, sell his business, and do the best he can to be a good father and husband before he dies. Charley's angel appears intermittently throughout the film, occasionally helping Charley, and occasionally causing mischief. The angel reveals his name as Roy Zerney. Charley is initially unsuccessful at effecting change. His gestures are incomprehensible to his wife and children, who see his sudden change of behavior as bizarre, particularly his decision to sell the store. Charley appears ostensibly insane whenever he speaks to, or looks for, the lingering angel who is visible only to him. When Charley tries to take money from his account in the bank, he learns from the banker Ernie  that the bank will be closing for a while and may be in danger of foreclosure. He must loan money to son-in-law Ray, and to his friend Pete . Business tightens, and Charley is running out of time and money. However, Charley becomes an unlikely hero. His boys begin using a rickety Model T, unknowingly delivering illegal booze by Felix's request, and they are kidnapped and forced to drive away when the Chicago gangsters responsible for the operation are trying to flee the city. Charley personally chases them in the abandoned gangsters' car, dodging gunfire, and the police catch him presuming he is the criminal. While in prison, Roy tells Charley that today will probably be his last day on Earth. However, Charley's thoughts are still of his boys. When he returns home in the evening, Leonora and Ray return for an untimely visit just as the gangsters occupy his house and intend to take Charley's wife as another hostage. Charley defies them and defends his wife and kids with his own life. The fight ends when Charley and Ray, with the assistance of a timely appearance by Pete, succeed in defeating the gangsters and delivering them to the police. In the course of the fight, Charley was shot at point-blank range but miraculously receives no wound. For capturing the criminals, Charley receives a $5000 reward posted by Chicago's police department. Ernie appears as a representative of the town to honor Charley as a town hero and present him with a hotel reservation and tickets to the World's Fair. He also informs them that the bank examiner has approved the bank's credibility and that it will be reopening tomorrow. Pete has also returned to repay his debt. Charley, satisfied with the turn of events in his final day, says goodbye to his family and expects that he will still die, but Roy appears and reveals that the eleventh-hour decision in Heaven was to let Charley live. Roy physically intervened and pulled the bullet from the air, thus nullifying the prophecy and clarifying to Charley that he will live on, with an enriched outlook."] ['{{plot}} In 1962 in the Texas countryside, 14-year old Walter Caldwell  is left by his irresponsible, deceitful mother, Mae , to live for the summer with his reclusive, 73 year old bachelor great-uncles, Hub  and Garth  McCann, fraternal twins who are said to have a secret fortune. Walter is given a room in the attic where he finds a photograph of a beautiful woman, whom he later learns is Jasmine , the one true love of Hub\'s life. Soon after, husband-and-wife relatives Ralph and Helen arrive with their children, hoping to worm their way into the uncles\' good graces for a chance at their treasure. Believing that Walter is also there for the money, Ralph and Helen use the threat of foster care to force the boy to run away. Walter makes his way to a filling station, and uses a phone booth to call the court reporting school which his mother told him she was attending only to learn she wasn\'t there and had lied again. Finding Walter at the station, Hub is just as happy to see him on his way, but empathetic Garth encourages him to stay, suggesting that his presence might keep the greedy relatives at bay. Hub, beginning to sense what his brother is up to, agrees. Having no other recourse, Walter returns to his uncles\' home. Walter begins to settle into the household, contending with his uncles\' odd habits, such as Hub\'s sleepwalking at night in which he fights old battles, as well as their daily routine of shooting at traveling salesmen for fun. Curious, Walter suggests that Hub and Garth should at least hear one salesman\'s pitch and end up buying clay pigeon launcher. This infuriates the relatives causing them to leave. To drive off boredom they order a lion from a circus animal dealer with the intent of killing it for sport. They are disappointed upon opening the crate to discover an aging, tame lioness. Walter adopts the lion, naming her Jasmine, which brings back painful memories to Hub. Later, Hub passes out loading fifty pound bags of Purina Lion Chow, landing him in the hospital. He soon recovers with a desire for Bar-Be-Que and the three lunch at a road side store. Three Greasers enter annoying Hub who teaches them a lesson in fighting. In their absence, Ralph and Helen\'s children accidentally release the lioness from her crate just as Hub and Garth return along with four hoods. Walter goes in search of Jasmine, and finds her in the cornfield, which then becomes her new "jungle" home. When Walter notices Hub lecturing the four toughs, Garth explains it\'s Hub\'s "What Every Boy Needs to Know About Being a Man" speech. Throughout the film, Garth tells Walter stories about his and Hub\'s mysterious past. On the eve of World War I, a young Hub and Garth arrived in France just as Germany invaded the country. They soon found themselves shanghaied and conscripted into the French Foreign Legion, which led them to fight in many battles. After the war, Garth became a guide in Africa, while Hub travelled the world. During his journeys, Hub met and fell in love with Jasmine, a princess promised to wed a powerful Sheik. When Hub rescued her, the Sheik put a price of ten thousand gold pieces on Hub\'s head. This kept the young lovers in constant peril from assassins and bounty hunters. Finally, Hub arranged for Garth, in the guise of a bounty hunter, to get him close to the Sheik, while Garth took possession of the Sheik\'s reward. Hub then fought and won a duel against the Sheik but spared his life. He warned the Sheik that if this vendetta didn\'t stop, Hub would kill him. This ends the Sheik\'s manhunt. When Walter asks to hear more, Garth tells him that he must find out the rest from Hub. Later, Walter awakens his uncle from another late night bout of sleepwalking to ask about Jasmine\'s fate. Hub reveals that Jasmine and their unborn child died in childbirth. Bereft of his one true love, Hub returned to the Legion to escape his grief, until he retired with Garth to their Texas farm. Walter then realizes that all the stories Garth has been telling him might actually be true, but he asks Hub to confirm it, since his mother tells him nothing but lies. Hub responds with a piece of his "What Every Boy Needs to Know..." speech, that the actual truth is not as important as the belief in ideals like good winning over evil, honor, and true love. Seeing how much Hub misses his Jasmine, Walter asks Hub to promise that he will be around to give Walter the rest of the speech when he\'s old enough, to which Hub grudgingly agrees. As a result, Walter and his uncles form an even closer bond. Late one evening, Walter awakens to see Garth walking out to the barn and secretly follows him, trailing him to a room underneath the barn, which is filled with money. On another late night, Walter\'s mother and her current suitor, a supposed "private investigator" named Stan arrive at the farm. While Hub and Garth are still asleep, Stan and Mae demand that Walter reveal the location of the fortune, claiming that Hub and Garth were actually bank robbers, that Jasmine was their accomplice, and the money is theirs for the taking. To Mae\'s surprise and dismay, Walter chooses to believe in his uncles instead of her. Angered, Stan drags Walter to the barn and becomes threatening and physically abusive. Walter then tells Stan to defend himself before kicking him between the legs. Walter runs toward the house, past the cornfield, where Stan intercepts Walter and begins hitting him while Walter is on his back. Sensing Walter in danger, Jasmine the lioness emerges from the cornfield to attack Stan, leaving him badly mauled. Awakened by the ruckus, Hub and Garth find that the old lioness has died of heart failure in the attack. Hub and Garth tell Walter that the lioness was "protecting her cub," and Walter proudly observes that Jasmine was "a real lion... at the end". The next day, Walter leaves with his mother, who tells the uncles she is going to drop a heavily-bandaged Stan off in Las Vegas. However, once on the road, Mae tells Walter that Stan will be staying with them to recuperate. This prompts Walter to finally confront her, asking his mother to finally "do something that\'s best for me for once." Soon, Hub and Garth are greatly pleased to see Walter\'s return. However, the boy insists that there have to be changes, that his uncles will have to be involved in things like Little League and PTA meetings, and to stop doing dangerous stunts, as he wants them to die of old age. Seventeen years later, an adult Walter , has become the cartoonist of the comic strip "Walter and Jasmine," based on his experiences with his uncles, now both 90 years of age. He is alerted by the sheriff of his uncles\' deaths from a failed flying stunt with their biplane. Their will declares "The kid gets it all. Just plant us in the damn garden, next to the stupid lion." A helicopter bearing the logo "Sahara Petroleum" then touches down near the homestead, and a man  steps out with his young son. Approaching Walter, he explains that, while visiting nearby for a business trip, he heard about Hub and Garth\'s deaths on the news and recognized the names as the two Americans in tales told to him as a young boy by his grandfather, "a very wealthy sheik. He called them my honored adverseries. The only men who ever outsmarted me." When the man\'s young son asks Walter if his uncles were indeed real, that they really lived, Walter confirms, "Yeah. They really lived."'] ['In the 1950s rural South Carolina, pregnant, 15 year-old Anney Boatwright is asleep in the backseat of her brother-in-law, Travis’, Chevy when the car crashes into a pickup truck. She flies through the windshield and remains unconscious when she gives birth to her daughter whom her family names Ruth  and Anne . However the baby is known throughout the family as “Bone” since Ruth’s Uncle Earl proclaimed that she “looked no bigger than a knuckle bone” when she was born. Problems arise when filling out her birth certificate since no one is really sure of her biological father’s last name. Despite their attempts to smudge a name on the certificate, the hospital quickly realizes the truth and stamps “ILLEGITIMATE” onto Bone\'s birth certificate, proclaiming her a bastard. Anney is furious that the state put a label on her and her daughter and vows to Bone that she will always stick by her side and defend her. When Bone is about 2 years old, Anney and Ruth attempt to go to the courthouse and fix Bone’s birth certificate. Ruth lies and says that with all the excitement surrounding the new baby and the worry that Anney was going to die, they lost track of her husband. Despite their attempts, the man stamps “NOT CERTIFIED” on the bottom of Bone’s birth certificate. As Bone gets older, Anney vows to her that she is going to find them a kind, strong man to take care of them. She eventually marries and becomes pregnant by Lyle Parsons, a wonderfully kind man who treats Bone as his own daughter. However, shortly after the birth of their daughter, Reese, Lyle is killed in a car accident. His family blames Anney, telling her that if he hadn’t married her white trash family and needed to work two jobs he wouldn’t have been on the road the day he died. Four years later, Anney is working as a waitress when her brother, Earl, introduces her to his co-worker, Glen Waddell, who is immediately smitten with her. While Glen appears shy and kind on the surface, he suffers from severe anger issues, often manifesting themselves in fights at work. During this time, the courthouse burns down and Earl steals Bone’s birth certificate which the family takes great pleasure in burning. Anney’s mother warns her against going out with Glen, saying he appears to be possessive and angry however Anney doesn’t see it, saying its typical for all men to have a temper. So when Glen proposes Anney happily agrees and quickly becomes pregnant. Glen is convinced that the baby will be a boy, whom he hopes to name Glen Jr. The night Anney goes into labor Glen waits in the car with Bone and Reese in the backseat. After Reese falls asleep, Glen calls her up front with him where he molests her. Bone is saddened and confused, unknowing what to make of the situation. Anney does give birth to Glen’s awaited baby boy, however he is stillborn and the doctor tells her that she will no longer be able to have children. After their son’s funeral, Glen proclaims they are moving to a new home away from Anney’s family. Her family objects but Anney is so saddened she agrees. After their move, Glen catches Bone looking at a picture of her and Lyle. Glen tells Bone that he is her daddy now and asks the girls to call him so. While Reese immediately calls him daddy, Bone only grudgingly does. Angry, Glen rips up Bone’s picture which she tearfully takes the pieces to and buries. Soon after that, Glen loses his job. He turns to his father for help, which he refuses to give him. After that, the family constantly moves, never staying in the same house more than eight months. Glen becomes increasingly violent, screaming at Anney and secretly molesting Bone. Glen continuously struggles with obtaining and keeping a job, leaving no money for food. When Bone accidentally drops a pitcher of iced tea at Glen’s father’s house, his father snaps at her and attempts to hit Glen who roughly shoves his father away saying, “You can’t hurt me anymore old man” signifying that he had been physically abused as a child. A few days later, Glen yells at Bone for running around outside. When Bone walks away mocking him he chases her into the house and beats her. He later tells Anney that Bone called him a bastard and was running around destroying things. Bone tries to be careful from then on, however, her mother goes back to work leaving her alone with Glen who finds any reason to beat Bone. Ashamed, thinking she\'s bad, Bone hides her bruises from everyone, including her mother. One day Anney notices Bone is walking funny, almost limping. When her mother brings her to the hospital, the doctor angrily informs her that Bone’s tailbone is broken and that she displays evidence of physical abuse. Her mother takes her and Reese to her sister, Alma’s to stay. However, as soon as Bone heals, Anney moves back in with Glen. One day, Anney asks Bone if she would like to go stay with her Aunt Ruth and keep her company since she is extremely sick. Ruth tells Bone that Glen doesn’t hate her, he\'s just jealous of the attention Anney gives her. Bone tells Ruth she aspires to be a gospel singer someday which she encourages. Despite their closeness, Bone can’t bring herself to tell her aunt about her sexual abuse. Soon after Bone arrives home from her Aunt’s house, Anney receives word that she died, devastating her. The day of Ruth’s funeral, Glen calls for Bone but she doesn’t respond. Angry, he brings Bone into the bathroom and beats her. At the funeral, Bone’s uncle Earl lets her have a little alcohol to toast her aunt and she quickly becomes tipsy. Her Aunt Raylene finds her in the bathroom on the toilet. When she tries to help her up, she discovers the bruises and calls Bone’s uncles who beat Glen unconscious. Bone moves in with her Uncle Earl and Aunt Raylene. When Bone expresses to her Aunt how angry she is that everyone in town looks down on her and her family Raylene tells her that everyone determines their own life and to think long and hard about who she is truly angry at. As they’re talking, her Uncle Earl arrives saying her Aunt Alma has gone berserk. When they arrive at her house, Alma is on the porch screaming and crying because her husband left her and their sons after he refused to have sex with her. Again, Bone experiences the pain that husbands can inflict on their families. Anney and Reese decide to stay at Alma’s until things settle down. Anney asks Bone to stay at Alma’s with her but she refuses. When Anney asks Bone to come back and live with her, Bone again refuses to come as long as Glen still lives with her. Her days at her aunt’s are long and happy until Glen shows up at Raylene’s house looking for Anney while Raylene is gone. He asks Bone to get him a glass of iced tea and follows her into the house. Glen tells her that Anney said she refuses to come home until Bone agrees to come home. He demands Bone to tell her mother it\'s ok to come home. Bone refuses to come home explaining that she told her mother she could go home without her. Bone tells Glen to leave and threatens to tell Anney about everything he did to her. Out of anger, Glen beats and rapes the girl but is caught by Anney, who smashes a bottle over his head and carries Bone out of the house to her car. Glen stumbles out of the house after Anney screaming his apologies to Anney and saying he can’t live without her. He leans against the car door and repeatedly smashes his head against it until she strokes his head in forgiveness. Bone is taken to the hospital by her Aunt Raylene. When the cops attempt to question her about who brutalized her, she still refuses to tell and calls out for her Momma, who is nowhere to be found. Bone continues to live with her Aunt Raylene, who tries her best to help Bone through her ordeal. She tells her that her mother truly does love her and that she’ll have to live with what she did for the rest of her life and that eventually Bone will forgive her. One night Anney comes to visit Bone and explains that she never thought Bone would get hurt and apologizes for what happened. She tells Bone she loves her, but that she also loves Glen too and couldn’t leave him. She leaves Bone with a copy of her birth certificate with the words “CERTIFIED” stamped on it. Bone cries in part of the sadness of her mother’s sacrifice and for the freedom she has finally achieved. Bone\'s final words voiced from narrator Laura Dern: "Who had Momma been? What\'d she wanted to be, or do before I was born? Once I was born, her hopes turned, and I climbed up her life like a flower reaching for the sun. Her life had folded into mine. Who would I be when I was 15, 20, 30? Would I be as strong as she had been? As hungry for love? As desperate, determined and ashamed? I wouldn\'t know, that I was already who I was gonna be. Someone like her, like my Momma. A Boatwright. A bastard. A bastard outta Carolina."'] ["Dustin , Albert  and Mark  are 12-year-old friends looking forward to Summer fun in 1970. Dustin likes a girl named Tanya , and so he wants to ask her on a date, but he is nervous because he has never asked anyone out before. Dustin's main obstacle is the town bully, Nick , who also likes Tanya. When Dustin mows the lawn of 75-year-old Jonathan Sperry , a man he has seen at church, the two become friends. Mr. Sperry begins a Bible study with Dustin and his friends, and encourages them to be kind to Nick. Sperry also pays Dustin to mow the lawn of a stubborn, elderly neighbor, Mr. Barnes , although Dustin is told not to let Mr. Barnes know the benefactor of this kindness. Throughout the summer, many other boys in the neighborhood get involved in the Bible study, including Nick, who is remorseful and turns from his bullying ways after a couple of encounters with Mr. Sperry. Meanwhile, Dustin finally gets the courage to tell Tanya how much he likes her, but instead of asking her to be his girlfriend, he suggests she start reading the Bible. Then one day, Dustin rides his bicycle by Mr. Sperry’s house and discovers a crowd has gathered there and Mr. Sperry had died. After the funeral, Mr. Barnes visits Dustin to thank him for mowing his lawn, and to tell him he figured out Mr. Sperry was his motivation. Mr. Barnes tearfully calls Mr. Sperry a great example of a Christian man. After this visit, Dustin’s mother reveals the secret background between Mr. Sperry and Mr. Barnes. Mr. Sperry’s wife had died four years earlier in an auto accident caused by an inebriated Mr. Barnes. Inspired by Mr. Sperry’s kindness after such heartbreak, Dustin decides to continue the Bible study with the neighborhood boys, repeating one of Mr. Sperry’s first lessons with Dustin and his two friends."] ['Billy Flynn, an ex-boxing champion, is now a horse trainer in Hialeah, Florida. He makes just enough money to raise his little son T.J., who Flynn has custody of his son after his wife Annie left him seven years ago. T.J. worships "The Champ," who has gambling debts and begins working on a comeback to give his boy a better future. Suddenly Annie shows up again and wants to become a part of T.J.\'s life.'] ['Following the murder of Diana Floss  in a restaurant robbery, her fiancé Joe Nast  elects to stay with her parents. Her father Ben Floss  is a realtor whose partner has recently left. Ben and Joe go into business as Floss & Son, as this was their plan before Diana\'s death. Joe goes to the post office to retrieve all the invitations that had been sent out for his and Diana\'s wedding, and with the help of Bertie Knox  he retrieves seventy four of seventy five. She finds the last invitation and takes it to his house later that night. He drops her off at a local bar, and returns home, despite her inviting him in for a drink. Joe and Ben attend a local property fair, and Ben pitches the idea of redeveloping a block in the town to developer Mike Mulcahey . Mulcahey agrees, but they need to get all the tenants to agree. Diana\'s friends come round to look through her possessions, much to the consternation of her mother Jojo . They then take Joe out for a drink at the same bar Bertie went into the previous night. Joe puts "Moonlight Mile" on the jukebox and Bertie dances with him, to jealous looks from Diana\'s friends. Joe convinces Ben to let him talk to the bar\'s owner to convince them to sell. He asks the bartender who owns the bar, but the bartender does not give him the information. Feeling trapped at the Floss home, Joe goes to see Bertie and they sleep together. He leaves early the next morning. Ben is frustrated at the lack of progress and goes to the bar to see the owner, where he meets Bertie and tells her about Diana. Bertie finds Joe and confronts him; he confesses to her that he had split up with Diana three days before she was killed. Bertie tells Joe about her boyfriend, the owner of the bar, who is lost in Vietnam. Joe goes to dinner at the Mulcahey\'s, where Mike\'s wife rudely presumes aloud that she thought Joe was not still tied up with thoughts of his fiancee\'s murder. Joe states that this is not the case, completely upsetting the mood at the dinner table. This causes Mike to call Ben and call off the deal. The family attends the trial of Diana\'s murderer. However the murderer\'s wife elicits sympathy from the jury, and the prosecutor, Mona Camp , asks Joe to testify and help the jury gain sympathy for Diana. While on the witness stand, Joe confesses that he and Diana had split and that they remained friends but were no longer getting married. Ben and Jojo are happy with the confession and gain closure. Joe symbolically writes 75 letters expressing his newfound clarity about what course his life ought to take and places them in mailboxes around town, hoping that one will get to Bertie. Ben closes the shop, Jojo resumes her writing career, Bertie sells the bar, and she and Joe leave town.'] ['The film tells the story of Sankara Narayanan, a 55-year-old gangman from the Indian Railways. From his teenage days onward he was afraid of the strange voices that talked to him incessantly. To escape the fear, he seeks refuge in alcohol, alienating himself from his family and ending up in an asylum. His son Ramu could never sympathise with a father who had shirked his responsibility as a husband and a father. But Narayanan starts writing letters from the asylum, to which Ramu doesn’t even bother to reply. A young doctor tries to help Sankara Narayanan, for he knows that he can be cured. The doctor not only intends to reunite Narayanan with his family but also has something very important to reveal to Ramu.'] ['Set in the early 1900s, the film tells the story of Major Amberson and his descendants, an upper-class Indianapolis family, focusing on his grandson, George Minafer , loss of love and money over the generations. At the beginning of the film, George is home on break from college. His mother Isabel  and grandfather, the major ([[Richard Bennett , hold a reception in his honor. Among the guests are the widowed Eugene Morgan , a prosperous automobile manufacturer who has just returned to town after a twenty-year absence, and his daughter Lucy . George instantly takes to the beautiful and charming Lucy, but seems to take as quick a dislike to her father Eugene. George\'s father Wilbur Minafer  dies. As Morgan\'s automobile plant prospers, the industrialist builds a mansion to rival the magnificence of that of Major Amberson . During a dinner party, George Minafer tells Morgan that he thinks "automobiles are a useless nuisance, which had no business being invented." The other family members are taken aback by his rudeness, but Morgan says that George may turn out to be right, since he knows that automobiles are going to drastically alter human civilization, for better or worse. During the evening George learns from his uncle Jack Amberson ([[Ray Collins  and aunt Fanny  that his mother Isabel and Morgan had once been an item. He is particularly enraged by his aunt\'s implication that Isabel always loved Morgan—even during her life with George\'s father, Wilbur—and that people in town are still gossiping about this juicy tidbit. Morgan courts Isabel and decides to ask her to marry him. Sensing the developing intensity of their relationship, George takes control and rebuffs a planned visit from Morgan at the door of the Amberson mansion. Isabel\'s love for her son overrides her love for Morgan, so she complies with George\'s demands, although she knows that he is trying to separate her from Morgan. George takes his mother on a world tour, ostensibly to get away from the "scandalous" talk in the town of her love for Morgan before her husband\'s death, but also to remove her from the possibility of a relationship with him. Before leaving for Europe, George tries to learn what Lucy is feeling, but she feigns cheerful insouciance, concealing her pain. George and his mother travel and live in Europe for a while. After she becomes ill, they return to the US, where George acts as gatekeeper for the dying Isabel. Morgan comes to the house to visit, but George refuses to let him see Isabel, who is on her deathbed. Shortly after Isabel\'s death, her grief-stricken father dies. The major leaves nothing of his estate to his descendants, and George and the other family members must fend for themselves financially. Lucy does not reconcile with George. She tells her father Morgan a story about a North American chieftain who was "pushed out on a canoe into the sea" when he became too obnoxious and overbearing . As the entire family\'s fortune has been depleted, George decides to give up his job at a law firm and go to work in a factory which pays more. He helps care for his Aunt Fanny, who has descended into psychosis. The film ends with George wandering around an increasingly polluted city, confused and disoriented by the industrial society that has developed around him. Additional ending scenes  show George getting injured in an automobile accident, and Morgan reconciling with him at the hospital.'] ["In 1917, Will Stoneman's  father is killed in a mushing accident leaving Will to care for his family. Needing money for college and to save the family farm in South Dakota, Will decides to travel to Winnipeg, Manitoba to take part in a dog-sled race from Winnipeg to Saint Paul, Minnesota. With the aid of Ned Dodd , the young man prepares both physically and mentally for the harsh weather and terrain throughout the race. During the race, Will becomes popular with the newspaper media as reporter Harry Kingsley  tells about Will's strong courage in what he must do."] ['{{Expand section}} Three sisters, Renata , Flyn , and Joey  live through the painful separation of their parents. Their father, Arthur , parts from their controlling and mentally unstable but artistically inclined mother, Eve , going on to marry a more "normal" but plainer woman Pearl . The evening after Arthur marries Pearl, Eve commits suicide by walking into the ocean. The film ends with Eve\'s funeral.'] ["Susie Parkington, an elderly society matron, is surrounded by her many relatives at her stately home at Christmastime, with the exception of her beloved great-granddaughter Jane. When Jane does appear she informs her great-grandmother that she plans to elope with Ned Talbot, her father's employee who wishes to take her away from her family and their way of life. Susie arranges a meeting with Ned, where he reveals that Jane's father Amory is being questioned for fraud and he planned to take Jane away in order to hide her from the truth. Susie sends Ned away, telling Jane to forget about him, and after hearing her grandson-in-law's side of the story makes the decision to pay off Amory's debts , much to her family's disgust, as it will mean that they will lose their inheritance. During her family's bickering Susie begins to have flashbacks of her own humble beginnings; she was a chambermaid at her mother's modest guesthouse. It was there that she met the wealthy Major Augustus Parkington, and following her mother's death they marry. Shortly after the marriage Susie is introduced to Baroness Aspasia Conti, a French aristocrat and close friend of Augustus, who helps Susie pick out clothes, accessories and even a house. Susie, originally grateful for Aspasia's help, soon grows tired of her interference in her marriage and announces that she is pregnant by her husband. An elated Augustus holds a ball to celebrate, but his happiness turns to fury when a great number of people refuse to attend due to Augustus' feud with a wealthy businessman. His rage upsets Susie, and when she runs after her husband to comfort him she stumbles and miscarries their baby. In his anger Augustus blames his neighbours for Susie's miscarriage and vows to get revenge. Four years pass and it transpires that Augustus has managed to put many of their neighbours out of business on Wall Street. After one of their neighbours, Mrs. Livingstone, fills Susie in on her husband's deeds and pleads with her to speak to Augustus about putting her husband out of business, Susie leaves her husband and moves in with Aspasia. Several weeks pass before Augustus begs his wife to return home, revealing that he has been unsuccessful in his mission to put the Livingstones out of business. Susie then informs him that she has been financially supporting the Livingstones' business and that his vendetta with their neighbours has got to stop. Augustus agrees and the couple reunite. Their marriage faces further troubles, however, when the Parkingtons' son Herbert dies. Susie becomes a recluse for a year and Augustus takes to their country home in England. Aspasia manages to convince Susie to fight for her marriage which, with the Prince of Wales' help, she does. Following this Aspasia reveals that she will be leaving the Parkingtons and moving back to Paris as she is dying. She also reveals to Susie that she has always been in love with Augustus, to which Susie shocks her by revealing she knows. After Aspasia departs for France, Augustus and Susie have a heart-to-heart discussion about their family, during which Augustus reveals that despite loathing those who receive money without deserving it, their children will lack for nothing as long as they know the value of money. It is at this point Susie realises her misgivings about her family; they have rejected her offer to bail Amory out for fear of losing their inheritance, meaning that he will be sent to prison. Seeing how distraught Jane is, having lost both her father and her lover, Susie makes the decision to bail Amory out anyway and tells Jane to follow her heart and go after Ned. Her family flee the home in disgust after learning they will be cut off by their mother, whilst Susie gleefully decides she will return to her childhood home at the guest house and start again."] ['The drama is study of a rural Italian family led north to Milan by the matriarch . Presented in five distinct sections, the film weaves the story of Vincenzo, Simone, Rocco, Ciro and Luca as they struggle to adapt to life in a large, impersonal city. The plot revolves around the prostitute, Nadia , who is pursued and desired by both Simone and Rocco . The pivotal scene in the film comes when Simone rapes Nadia in front of Rocco, who then gives her up to his brother out of a tragic, misplaced desire to do whatever it takes to keep his family whole. In typical fashion for a director known for helping build Italian neorealism, the film ends with no substantive resolution, but with clouds of doom hanging over the family. During shooting, the film was seized and Visconti asked to delete the scenes showing Nadia\'s rape and murder. Visconti was not vindicated until a court judgement of 1966.Buss, Robin. Italian Films, "Rocco and His Brothers," page 142. London: Anchor Press Ltd. ISBN 0-7134-5900-X.'] ["Tom  is a teenager distraught due to his family's move from London to the Devonshire countryside, where he misses his old friends. He begins to uncover a secret sexual relationship between his 18-year-old sister, Jessie , and their father . The tension between Tom and Jessie worsens as he reveals his knowledge of the incest."] ['The plot takes place on Thanksgiving, in which four ethnically diverse families -- Vietnamese, Latino, Jewish, and African American -- gather for the traditional meal. But each family has its own distinct set of problems, and hilarity ensues.'] ['A few nights before July 4, three government/military brats  are gathered in one\'s Key West bedroom reading about their favorite comic book hero Sgt. Slammer , with no idea that a Soviet warship is anchored just off the coast, and despite the violent storm, gung-ho intelligence officer Sulock ignores the captain and drags radioman Mischa Pushkin and his comrade Boris into a raft to row ashore and accept a prototype surveillance device from an American traitor. The exchange fails when the raft capsizes and Mischa washes ashore. Injured and alone, Mischa shouts out for his missing comrades, then realizing with shock that he\'s in America. The next morning, Danny hears from his little sister that their parents are downstairs finalizing their divorce. He sneaks out of the house, rescues Adam from his mother\'s cooking and Jason from his father\'s lawnmowing orders, and the three of them set out in their motorboat for their \'hideout\', an uninhabited island with an abandoned naval bunker. On the way, they find a Russian codebook from one of the sailors and later the wrecked raft. Fearing that Russians are invading, Adam and Jason head back to the city and leave Danny to secure their bunker. Danny nervously enters the bunker and finds himself held at gunpoint by a frightened Mischa. He\'d been in there all night munching their candy bars and reading their Sgt. Slammer comic books, which he calls "American propaganda". Unable to warn anyone of the suspected invasion, Adam and Jason return and overpower Mischa, due to his dislocated shoulder and the fact that his gun hasn\'t worked since he crawled out of the ocean. Following Geneva Convention rules, the boys interrogate Mischa, who has no idea why he\'s here and admits he wound up in their hideout by accident. Danny is dead-set on turning Mischa over to the police, while Adam is more interested in being diplomatic, even trying to fix Mischa\'s hurt shoulder, but with no medical training, they enlist the help of Adam\'s nursing-student sister Diane, who falls for Mischa at first sight. After lunch at a local McDonald\'s, tensions flare over what to do next, but Jason sides with Adam that as he has no anti-American agenda, Mischa should not be turned in. Mischa buys some American clothes and the four spend the Fourth of July messing around at the racetrack, arcade, mini-golf, and batting cages. Later in the day, Adam goes off to maintain his cover story to his father, but before Jason can leave, they run into Raimy, a drunken Army corporal causing trouble on the Key West docks. Mischa impulsively intercedes, and they nearly come to blows before the MP\'s turn up and haul Raimy back to base. Mischa berates himself, realizing he nearly committed what could be an act of war, and admits to the boys that perhaps he should give himself up after all. Fearing for Mischa now, Danny concocts a plan for the boys to borrow a pleasurecraft from the marina and deliver their friend to Cuba, where he might find his way home. Getting help from Diane again, they learn that their parents went to their bunker, finding both the interrogation tape, and Mischa\'s  gun. While the boys make final arrangements, Diane and Mischa share a romantic moment watching the fireworks from the dock, unaware that they\'re being watched. Danny\'s plan goes bust when Raimy and his drunken cronies intercept them on the way to commandeer the boat, and while they defeat the drunks easily, they\'re delayed long enough for the boat to be taken out without them. Thinking Mischa\'s at a dead end, they are suddenly surprised to be greeted by Sulock and Boris, who survived the capsizing after all, and they have a Russian submarine on the way to pick them up after midnight. But Sulock is hiding something... Once Adam and Jason leave to borrow another boat for the rendezvous, Sulock pulls a gun on Danny, ordering Mischa and Boris to tie him up, or else. Danny thinks that Mischa has betrayed them because he doesn\'t understand a word of the Russian being shouted in the scuffle. Sulock shoves Mischa and Boris out of the boathouse at gunpoint, planning to break into the army base and steal the surveillance device. This will complete his mission, but could very well frighten the Americans into thinking they\'re being invaded! Mischa trips an alarm after begging Sulock not to go through with this potential act of war, and flee back to the boathouse with a trigger-happy Raimy and the MP\'s on their tail. Out searching for the boys, their parents nearly run the Russians down, and Diane inadvertently reveals everything when she recognizes Mischa. Sulock orders everyone into the borrowed boat, except Danny, who is still tied up. Mischa unties Danny and begs him to find help so no one is killed. Trying to phone the police, Danny witnesses Raimy acting without authority and commandeering the boat of his drinking buddies to chase down and kill the Russians, particularly Mischa. Stumbling across the van of a local performer who often impersonates Sgt. Slammer, Danny takes his jetpack and flies out over the ocean, hoping to reach his friends before Raimy and warn them. Arriving at the rendezvous point, Adam, Jason and the Russians are quickly in Raimy\'s drunken gunsights, but the parents arrive, Raimy\'s CO ordering him to hold fire. Raimy soon ignores orders when Danny flies over in the jetpack and shoots him down, then shoots Mischa as he dives into the water to rescue Danny. Free of the jetpack, Danny surfaces and pleads for his father not to take him to the boat, but save the wounded Mischa. Once all three of them are safe on the boat the Russian Alfa surfaces and its sailors draw their guns, fearing their comrades are about to be killed. Sulock cowardly puts his gun to Adam\'s head to protect no one but himself, but Diane and Danny\'s father stand in front of Mischa, ready to take Raimy\'s bullet for him. After a few minutes filled with shouts from all three to lower their guns, the standoff ends peacefully, Raimy having fired the only shots. Early the next morning, the traitor is arrested by MP\'s , while out on the water, both Raimy and Sulock are arrested by their respective militaries, each facing a court-martial for nearly triggering World War III . Danny\'s father and Mischa embrace in mutual gratitude, while Diane receives a romantic farewell. Mischa is the last Russian to enter the submarine, saying goodbye to his young friends and fervently hoping he and the boys will meet again. Danny\'s voice is heard as the Americans watch the Russian submarine dive away, and the final scene shows Danny in his bedroom, reading War And Peace  to Adam and Jason.'] ["Ashley  is depressed because her father Jack  spends all his time focusing on his job instead of her and her older brother Joshua . She constantly records his radio show and listens to it. One day, her father takes them to a remote Canadian lake that was popular with tourists due to a myth about an aquatic monster named Orky. They rented a cabin next to an elderly Native American man who was confined to a wheelchair. Jack meets a local psychiatrist named Wanda  who is trying to aid some local men who claim that they have been possessed by Orky. When Ashley runs away, Jack also has the same experience whilst looking for her. As a result he becomes more devoted to his children. Ashley and Joshua find out that the reason that Orky is possessing people is to try and tell them that he is dying because a businessman is dumping toxic waste into the lake. Ashley and Joshua help the old man in the cabin next to theirs to find a totem pole in the woods. With the help of Hiro , the son of some Japanese monster seekers, they expose the businessman's illegal dumping. Orky, however, still dies from the poisonous waste. The old man summons a lighting bolt which enters a hole in the cave where Orky lives. Ashley and Hiro stay on the dock overnight and leave some cookies out. When she realises that the cookies have been eaten Ashley screams with joy which suggests that Orky is still alive."] ["Oliver Wyatt  lives with his mother Hannah Wyatt  and her live-in boyfriend Frank Donally  and spends occasional afternoons with his father Martyn Wyatt . After Oliver suffers a series of mysterious physical injuries, on which he vaguely blames neighbordhood bullies, suspicions are raised by his General practitioner father against Hannah's boyfriend, Frank. While Martyn becomes firmly convinced Frank is abusing his son, Oliver maintains a silence about the true source of his injuries, and Hannah refuses to believe Frank could be abusing her son. Martyn begins court proceedings to gain sole custody of Oliver, though his homosexual relationship with Tom Dixon  is brought as evidence by Hannah's lawyer of the unsuitability of Martyn's home. Only after she catches Frank abusing Oliver does Hannah accept that her boyfriend is the source of Oliver's injuries, though she is swayed by Frank's pleas and agrees to remain quiet about the issue and promises Oliver that the abuse will end. In the climactic scene, Oliver attacks Frank and is saved from a terrible beating by his father, Martyn, who instead receives Frank's wrath. As Frank's savagery is witnessed not only by Hannah, Oliver, and Tom, but by Hannah's neighbors as well , the film ends with Hannah visiting Oliver, who now resides with his father, and asking him if he'd like to return to her home on occasion, now that Frank no longer lives with her.  Her request is met with stony silence from Oliver."] ['Dominick "Nicky"  and Eugene "Gino"  Luciano are twin brothers living in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Nicky has a learning disability from his youth and Gino takes care of him and helps him get through life. Gino is studying to become a doctor at a local hospital and cannot finish his education in Pittsburgh; he is afraid that Nicky cannot take care of himself and that he depends on Eugene to look after him. Nicky has a job working for a garbage collection company, a job that supports his brother\'s education. He and a man named Larry  work for Mr. Johnson . Larry is Nicky\'s best friend, albeit a bit of a wiseacre who constantly puts wild ideas into Nicky\'s mind. Eugene begins helping a nurse named Jennifer , who is working at the same hospital where he is, to study for her exams. He begins to develop feelings for her as the movie progresses. Nicky mentions this to Larry while they are working and Larry does not miss the opportunity to plant the idea in Nicky\'s head that Jennifer and Eugene are sleeping together. On the night of his and Nicky\'s birthday, Eugene must work late at the hospital and calls a very disappointed Nicky to tell him. Nicky instead starts to take Larry to a Wrestlemania event he and Eugene were going to see. Larry instead takes Nicky with him to a woman called Mrs. Vincent whom Larry is occasionally intimate with. Nicky does not engage in sexual intercourse with Mrs. Vincent and instead goes outside as Larry has fun with her inside. Nicky is surprised to find a young boy named Mikey Chernak, who is Mrs. Vincent\'s next door neighbour and also someone he knows from his garbage route, outside with bruises on his face. When Nicky asks where the bruises are from Mikey replies he fell. Nicky does not understand that it is Mikey\'s father Martin  who abuses him and assumes Mikey is telling the truth. Larry and Nicky go bar-hopping and both get very drunk, all the while Larry constantly and drunkenly taunts Nicky about Eugene\'s relationship with Jennifer. Nicky stumbles home and finds Jennifer and Eugene sitting and talking. Nicky believes they are sleeping together and tells Eugene that he knows he is \'screwing\' Jennifer. Eugene gets very angry and roughly shoves Nicky before sending him to bed. An insulted Jennifer leaves. Later, Nicky, Eugene, Jennifer and Mrs. Gianelli, who lives next door, go on a picnic and bring Nicky\'s dog Fred. Fred is hit by a car, greatly disturbing Nicky. Several days later, Nicky is collecting garbage at Mikey\'s house and through the window views Martin hitting Mikey and forcing him down the stairs. The father shoves him too hard and sends the boy to the bottom of the stairs. The father races to the phone and calls 911, telling them the boy fell. The father sees a shocked Nicky through the window as Larry and Mr. Johnson find Nicky by the window. Nicky is horrified, speechless and unable to act, to move, to tell Larry what is wrong, what he\'s witnessed. The father lies and says Mikey fell; both are concerned and soon neighbors, including Mrs Vincent and Theresa, Mikey\'s mother, arrive at the scene. An ambulance appears and takes Mikey to the hospital. An inconsolable Nicky runs after the ambulance, leaving his co-workers at the garbage truck shouting after him to ask what\'s wrong. Nicky runs to the hospital where Martin drags him into a closet and tells him that Mikey is dead, warning Nicky that if he tells anybody what he did, he will kill Nicky also. A horrified Nicky flees. Later on, Nicky takes a gun from Mr. Johnson\'s truck  and goes back to the home of Martin and his wife Theresa where they and a gathering of neighbors and friends grieve. Nicky steals a baby, Mikey\'s younger brother Joey, from his parents at gunpoint and runs away believing he is protecting the baby from the father. He is eventually cornered in a building where a SWAT Team surrounds the place. Eugene and Jennifer as well as Martin and Theresa race to the building. Eugene is sent in to get Nicky and the baby out. He goes in and is confronted by Nicky who now believes after seeing the domestic abuse of Mikey that their father did the same to him and that is why he is mentally challenged. Eugene breaks down and admits that it is true. Yet, he also reveals that despite this it was always Nicky standing up to their father and always protecting Eugene. He tells of how one night their father got really mad at Eugene and that Nicky took the beating instead of Eugene and that is why Nicky is mentally challenged. A sobbing Eugene tells Nicky he does not want to become like their father and he is at times afraid of himself and how he gets mad at Nicky. Nicky comforts him and tells him that he is not and that he loves him. They exit the building and hand the baby, Joey, over to Theresa. Eugene protests as the Pittsburgh Police handcuff Nicky. Martin races forward with a gun and aims for Nicky. Eugene and two police officers manage to subdue him. Nicky tells everyone how Martin abused Mikey and how he killed him. A horrified Theresa realizes that that is true. Nicky is released and the father is hauled away in handcuffs. At the end, Eugene kisses Jennifer as she leaves for medical school and she says she will leave a number with Nicky. The twins embrace one last time and then Eugene also leaves. The credits roll as Nicky goes on his daily garbage route, happily embracing the future with content and a new understanding of himself.'] ['Will Collier loves his job as radio announcer for the local high school football team, the Nowata Possums. He loves it so much that he continues announcing even after the town decides to cancel the football program. But when his imaginary teams starts to contend for the state championship, he not only must deal with the real state champs, but he must reckon with the hopes and dreams of the people of Nowata as well.'] ['Betsy Brown is released from an orphanage into the care of Pop Shea, her parents\' friend who runs a boarding house for theatrical performers. Sarah Wendling, the curmudgeon owner and next-door neighbor of the building, detests "show people" and their noise, and demands Pop pay the $2,500 back rent he owes or move out immediately. Her nephew Roger is in love with Pop\'s daughter Barbara and files suit against Sarah in order to gain control of the building and his inheritance, with which he plans to stage a show starring the hotel residents. Sarah questions the soundness of Roger\'s investment in the show, and Betsy convinces the judge to see the production before he decides the case. With the assistance of her friends, the little girl presents a lavish musical revue in the courtroom that so impresses one of the observers he offers the troupe $2,500 a week to star in his International Follies. Having had a change of heart, Sarah insists the show is worth $5,000 and convinces the impresario to double his offer. Roger and Barbara then announce their intent to wed and adopt Betsy.'] ['Weighed down by her late contractor husband\'s debts in Bingham, Maryland, widowed mother Beth Macauley is compelled to sell her house and move to a less costly locale. She relocates in Baltimore with her sons Chris and Matt and takes a job at a ramshackle gourmet food store managed by Lisa Coleman. 17-year-old Chris turns angry and aggressive while 9-year-old Matt hides his deep sense of loss under a steely exterior. Beth is drawn into a relationship with Charles Simon, a musician who builds her self-esteem. However, after losing her job, she plunges into a five-day depression during which she refuses to leave her bedroom. Beth is an extremely vulnerable, easily discouraged person who cannot seem to get a grip on her circumstances. Chris falls in love with Jody, an older Radiologic Technologist who lives in the same building. Matt falls under the influence of a young schoolmate who breaks into houses and steals VCRs. His dream is to get enough money to buy back their suburban house. She and her sons eventually pull themselves together, despite many side trips with wrong lovers and false friends. It\'s only a matter of time until the Macauleys realize that to abandon each other is not the answer. Beth tells her sons, "Heartbreak is life educating us," and the lessons turn out to be worth learning.'] ["Deena Martin is a 15-year-old teenager who has become a rebel since dating Garrett, another rebellious teen was suspended from school for hitting a teacher. Deena no longer keeps any of her promises, skips school and leaves the family home whenever she pleases. Her newfound harsh attitude upsets her mother, Cynthia, who once enjoyed a close relationship with her daughter. Cynthia is frustrated because the lines of communication have broken down between mother and daughter. Cynthia's relationship with her own mother is not entirely pleasant. Although Cynthia's mother advises her daughter to be stricter with Deena, Cynthia does not heed the advice. For example, she tidies Deena's bedroom, a chore which Cynthia has consistently and politely reminded her daughter to do. When Deena discovers what Cynthia has done, she is less than grateful and reacts violently and ends up pushing her mother. Adam, Deena's younger brother notices the impact that Deena's behaviour has upon his mother and drinks alcohol in order to forget about the family problems. At one point, Cynthia and Deena's relationship seems to improve, until Cynthia finds out that she has been skipping school. Her confrontation leads to an argument, during which Deena slaps her. Although she admits to Garrett that she liked hitting her, Deena later apologizes to her mother, only to ask her to cover for her absence at school. Cynthia agrees to lie for her, but she soon has another setback when she finds out that Deena has been kicked off the swim team at school. Todd, her father, announces that there are going to be changes in the house to put an end to Deena's rebellious behavior. Todd stipulates that his daughter is not allowed to go out anymore, she has to do all of her chores and cannot miss another day of school. Deena reluctantly agrees, but soon finds ways to do what she wants by lying and being manipulative. Her violent eruptions still continue and she even goes as far as breaking one of her father's fingers, for which he has to go to the hospital. Upset over everything going out of hand, Deena considers committing suicide, but Garrett stops her, by convincing her to run away from home to California with him. Meanwhile, Cynthia and Todd have no idea what to do about Deena. When they find out that she has been flunking school and taking drugs, they forbid her from seeing Garrett again and threaten to call the police. To their surprise, she responds by threatening to tell the police that Todd tried to rape her. When she is caught sneaking out of the home, her father reacts furiously. This leads to Deena hitting her mother with a phone and threatening to stab her father. Afraid, Adam calls the police and has Deena arrested. Although her parents attempt to withdraw the charges, she is put on probation for 6 weeks and she has to visit a therapist. She moves in with her aunt Judith and convinces her that her behavior can be explained by her mother's so-called alcoholism. Cynthia doesn't want Deena to visit a therapist, claiming that she will make a victim out of herself, blaming her for alcoholism and Todd for rape. She constantly argues with Todd over Deena and when she turns to her mother, she gets slapped. Upset, she goes to Judith, confronting Deena with her behavior and blaming Judith for never having thanked her for all she has done for her in the past. Deena runs away and tries to find comfort with Garrett, only to find him cheating on her. Later, Cynthia receives a visit from Judith, who blames her for being just like their alcoholic mother. Cynthia tries to prove that she is a good mother by pointing Adam as an example, but then finds out he is drinking alcohol. She tries to convince Todd to support her, but he makes clear that he thinks that she is drinking too much as well. In the end, the entire family agrees to enroll in therapy. Deena returns home, but is still on probation, having to do 300 hours of community service and attend anger management classes. She ends her plans of going to California with Garrett, during which she sees Garrett for who he really is when he reacts angrily and nearly slaps her. Garrett relents at the last moment and leaves Deena alone, but she now finds that she is better off without him. She is reunited with her parents and the family continues on their road to recovery together."] ["{{Plot}} Laura Danner is a mentally-ill, single mother who takes illegal drugs and is unable to care for her 10-year-old son Davey. Driven to despair, she decides to commit suicide by driving a car on to a railway track, taking Davey with her. She even offers him some tablets beforehand to subdue him though, unbeknownst to her, he spits them out. But as his mother drives on to the tracks with the oncoming Blue Coastal passenger train approaching, he tries to drag her out of the car. Unable to do so, he himself manages to jump clear before the train hits the car. Two train crewmen, Tom Stark and Otis Higgs, see the car on the tracks ahead but cannot agree about the best course of action. The latter thinks they should make an emergency stop, but the former thinks that will derail the train, therefore endangering the hundreds of passengers on board. The train subsequently hits and kills the boys' mother. In the aftermath of a pending investigation, the railroad company calls for an internal inquiry and the two drivers are suspended. Davey has spent the first night after the incident with an empathetic social worker, Susan Garcia. However, she places the boy with an cold-hearted, disciplinarian foster mother. For example, the foster mother becomes amused after providing him with clothes that do not fit. Later on, after being confined to his room, he shatters the glass window to escape, leaving blood stains on his clothes. The authorities are alerted and a missing persons search begins. The boy retrieves ahold of train conductor Tom Stark's home address from another conductor. He turns up at the Stark's home just as Tom's wife Megan is about to leave on her own to San Francisco. The boy attacks Tom for accidentally killing his mother in the train crash but eventually is placated. Rather than leave, the boy persuades Megan to care for him like a mother, much to the disapproval of Tom. Gradually the couple rebond with each other by opening their hearts to the boy who needs the security of a devoted family. Meanwhile, Megan is suffering with breast cancer. Having already undergone a mastectomy, she has decided that she will no longer endure chemotherapy and must accept her inevitable death. The couple had no children in the past, partly due to her history of Megan's illness and Tom's job as a train driver. As a taciturn man, Tom is unable to deal with his wife's illness and implores her to continue treatment. Meeting with the train conductor, the social worker hears that the boy may have sought out the home of Stark. Susan arrives at the house suspecting the boy may be there. She even searches the house, but is then faced with the presence of a visibly sick Megan Stark. The family bonding continues, but the social worker keeps an eye on the family&mdash;her suspicions confirmed when she sees them out in the park for a picnic. She initially phones the police, but stops doing so when she realizes that the boy is clearly part of a devoted family. Megan's illness deteriorates and Davey discovers that she is indeed dying. He has a fit, blaming himself not only for Megan's death but also for the suicide of his own mother. Tom Stark placates the boy, reasuring him that it is not his fault. Then, a few hours prior to her death, Megan sobs in bed while telling a saddened Davey how much she loves him. The following night, she dies in her sleep. Some time after the funeral, Tom informs Davey that it is perhaps now time to contact the social worker to see if he can adopt him. The film ends with Tom and Davey approaching hand-in-hand the offices of the social worker."] ['A married couple and their three young adult children, a son and two daughters, live in a large compound with a garden and a swimming pool. A tall fence surrounds the property and the children have never been on the other side of it, for their parents have kept them unaware of the outside world, even of the existence of the telephone. They are taught different meanings for everyday words. For example, they are told that a "zombie" is "a small yellow flower," and that "sea" is a chair. The parents promise that each child will be ready to venture outside the compound once she or he has lost a dogtooth. Although the children are told they have a brother just on the other side of the barrier, he never appears. The only non-family member to come into the house is Christina, a young woman who works as a security guard at the father\'s factory. She is driven by the father to the compound – travelling both ways blindfolded – where she performs sexual favors for the son. Dissatisfied with his preference for intercourse, Christina seeks oral sex from the elder daughter in exchange for a headband. The elder daughter obliges but does not recognize the significance of performing cunnilingus. Later, she gives the headband to her younger sister, in exchange for being licked on the shoulder, which is marked by an unexplained scar. The parents have tricked the children into believing that overhead planes are merely toys. They allow the children to search for toy planes that they have planted on the grounds, and the child that finds the toy owns it. One day the older daughter finds her brother playing with her plane; she retaliates by cutting his arm with a kitchen knife. The father visits a dog training facility and demands to have his dog returned. The trainer refuses because the dog has only reached the second stage of a five-stage training. He lectures the father on the merits of retaining a dog in training until its training is complete, and warns against the untimely cessation of training. He poses the question: "Do we want an animal or a friend?" The father is impatient to receive the dog, as he expresses to his wife. When the arrival of the dog is considered imminent, the parents tell the children that the mother will soon give birth to "two children and a dog", but promise that the birth of the children can be forgone if the son and daughters show improvement in their behavior. The siblings are terrified by the appearance of a stray cat in the garden. Considering it a threat, the son ambushes and kills it with a pair of pruning shears. The parents decide to take advantage of the incident. The father shreds his clothes, covers himself in fake blood, and comes home, where he tells his children that their unseen brother was mauled to death by a cat, the most fearsome creature. The children are taught to get down on all fours and bark maniacally as a precaution against cats. A memorial service is held for the brother, in which the family members lob flowers over the fence, in mourning. Christina is again brought to the compound to perform her services and she once more requests oral sex from the elder daughter. However, the daughter rejects Christina\'s offer of hair gel as a reward, choosing instead the two films in Christina\'s bag (Rocky IV and [[Jaws . Christina refuses to hand over the films, but eventually agrees under threat of blackmail. The elder daughter watches the films at night, and they have a significant influence on her. She recreates scenes from the films and quotes them in her free moments. The father finds the videotapes, fashions one into a weapon with packing tape, and uses it to beat his daughter\'s head. Then he goes to Christina\'s flat, removes her VCR player from the wall and knocks her off her chair with it. As he leaves, he curses her future children to be corrupted by "bad influences." In the middle of the night, the son\'s knee is injured with a hammer and he accuses his younger sister. She claims he was attacked by a cat with a hammer and the father accepts her story. The parents quickly decide that, with Christina no longer available, they should allow the son to choose one of the daughters as a replacement. After fondling both sisters simultaneously in the bath with his eyes closed, he chooses the elder, who is later dressed and prepared by the mother for the sexual encounter. The elder daughter is visibly uncomfortable during intercourse, and afterwards recites a threatening passage from Rocky IV to her brother. The elder daughter\'s agitation begins to show during the children\'s dance performance staged for the parents\' wedding anniversary. She dances the choreography from Flashdance to exhaustion and then devours her dessert. Later, in the bathroom, she smashes her face with a dumbbell to knock out a dogtooth. Smiling and bloody, she runs undetected through the garden and to the car, where she lets herself into the trunk  and closes it over her. The father discovers her blood and tooth fragments in the sink that night. He runs outside the compound and searches in the tall grass while the other three remain just inside the grounds, barking like dogs on all fours. In the morning, the son and younger daughter hold each other and kiss, while the father drives to work, unwittingly carrying the elder daughter in her hiding place. The father goes inside. The car sits outside, unattended, but the daughter remains in the trunk.'] ["Stuart Smalley , the disciple of the 12 step program, is challenged by life's injustices. He loses his Public Access Cable Television Show, must beg his manipulative overbearing boss for his job back, rehabilitate his alcoholic father and drug abuser brother , and support his over-weight mother  and sister  in their lack of ability in handling their relationships with their husbands. Stuart is supported by his 12 step sponsors as a he regresses back to his negative behaviors each time he faces these challenges."] ["Moondance  is faced with another uneventful summer until she discovers a lost pinto pony named Checkers who has jumped out of his paddock. Although Moondance returns the horse to his rightful owner, the gruff and mysterious Dante Longpre , she is convinced that Checkers is a champion jumper in disguise and is determined to help him realize his full potential. Moondance manages to talk Dante into training her and Checkers for the Bow Valley Classic and despite the criticism of her rival Fiona Hughes ; discovers that perseverance, loyalty and individuality can land a person in the winner's circle."] ["It's been two years since Jesse saved and freed his orca friend, Willy and has since been adopted by his foster parents, Glen and Annie Greenwood. Jesse, now a hardy and responsible teenager, has an eye for girls, and he and his parents are preparing to go on a family camping trip to the Pacific Northwest. Before they leave town, however, Dwight, Jesse's former social worker, shows up to inform them that Jesse's birth mother, who abandoned him 8 years ago, was found in New York City, but has died and that she has left behind her other son, Jesse's half-brother named Elvis. Elvis is sulky, overly talkative, and mischievous, and he is also prone to telling lies and easily gets on Jesse's nerves. He is invited on their trip to San Juan Island so that he and Jesse might get to know one another. At the environmental institute there, Jesse reunites with his old Native American friend Randolph Johnson  whom Jesse met at the aquatic park when he met Willy and quickly becomes smitten with Randolph's attractive and kindly goddaughter, Nadine , but is reluctant to romantically approach her out of concern for his friendship with Randolph. Meanwhile, resentment and disrespect from the petulant Elvis continues to be a problem for him. Mindful of both frustrations, Randolph proceeds to tell Jesse the legend of Natsilane and gives him a carved orca pendant on a necklace to remind him of the power of his special connection to Willy. Jesse cautiously begins to show his interest in Nadine, also, and as the awkward teenagers grow closer, Jesse helps Nadine befriend Willy and his orca siblings, Luna and Little Spot, in part using amateur synchronized swimming. As they continue to enjoy their camping trip, notwithstanding more angst from Elvis regarding his unhappy childhood, an oil tanker runs aground and spills oil into the ocean, trapping the three young whales in a small cove. When word gets out that the whales are trapped and Luna is dying from the oil in her lungs, the president of the oil company  arrives and announces a great plan to move the whales into captivity where they can recover from their injuries. His real plan, however, is to sell the whales to marine mammal parks and have them perform in shows. Jesse, Nadine and Elvis get the whales away from the cove by stealing the boat belonging to Glen and leading them out of the cove to safety, but then they are not able to save themselves when the tanker explodes and the crude oil in the water catches fire. Their boat hits a rock and starts to sink, while Glen, Annie, and Randolph set out to find them in Randolph's boat and radio for help. Nadine and Elvis are lifted into a rescue helicopter summoned by Randolph's distress signals, but Jesse slips out of the harness when reaching for the rescuer's hand and crashes into the water below. Nadine and Elvis scream for Jesse and beg the helicopter to go back down, but the thick black smoke billowing up from the flaming oil begins to choke the chopper's engine, forcing the pilot to fly the chopper away. Jesse surfaces as the chopper leaves, but is unable to stay above water. He goes back underwater and sees Willy swimming towards him. Jesse grabs onto Willy's dorsal fin and Willy brings Jesse back up to the surface. Although they are trapped in the middle of the flames, Willy dives deep and is able to swim underneath, taking Jesse with him. Once they surface, they come upon Randolph's boat. Glen and Annie pull Jesse aboard and they thank Willy for saving his life. Willy does not want to leave, but Jesse tells him he's okay so he can go. Willy still does not budge and Jesse looks to Randolph for help who gives him a signal. Jesse understands what it means and pets Willy one last time before giving him a signal to swim away. Willy does and is later reunited with his family again. Later, the rescue workers bring Nadine and Elvis to the boat where they are happy to see Jesse alive. Jesse and Nadine happily hug and then Jesse acknowledges Elvis, who hands him a battered, folded up picture of Jesse and their mother. Jesse is stunned, and Elvis tells him that he had ripped up the picture out of anger, but then later had taped it back together for him. Elvis starts to cry as he tells Jesse that their mother always felt bad about abandoning Jesse and that she always talked about him, something Jesse never knew. He thanks Elvis for the picture and for finally allowing him to put the past behind him, and hugs Elvis. As they are hugging, Elvis tells him that their mother did love him. When they part, Elvis asks where Willy, Little Spot, and Luna are, and Jesse tells him that they are reunited with their mother again. Elvis asks him how he knows that and Jesse grasps the orca necklace Randolph gave him and tells him that he knows. Jesse, embracing the mission of Natsilane, then starts whispering the prayer Randolph taught him two years before as the screen fades in on Willy and his family swimming and jumping in the sea."] ['The film begins by introducing Kellyanne Williamson, playing with imaginary friends Pobby and Dingan. The family of Rex Williamson—his wife Anne, daughter Kellyanne and son Ashmol—have moved to Coober Pedy, known as the "opal capital of Australia", because Rex believed he could make a fortune in mining opal. So far he\'s had little success. Ashmol, while he loves his sister, is frequently annoyed when she talks to her imaginary friends, and some of the kids at school tease the siblings because of them. Rex and Annie decide it is time to wean Kellyanne from her invisible companions. Annie takes Kellyanne to a Christmas party at Annie\'s friend\'s house, Rex telling her that he will let Pobby and Dingan come with him to go opal mining. Upon Rex\'s return, Kellyanne says she can no longer see them and that they have disappeared. She insists on going to the opal mining area to look for them, accompanied by Rex and Ashmol. The family accidentally strays on to a neighbouring miner\'s patch. The miner, Sid, pulls a shotgun on Rex and calls the police, thinking that Rex was "ratting" on his territory - that is, looking for opals on his turf. Kellyanne is grief-stricken at the loss of her imaginary friends and takes ill, although doctors can find nothing physically wrong with her. Rex has to leave his opal claim. Annie loses her job at the local supermarket, thanks to the circulating rumours around Rex\'s arrest. Convinced that Kellyanne is faking her illness, Ashmol nonetheless goes along with her wish that he try to find Pobby and Dingan. He even comes up with the idea of putting posters around town. Ultimately, returning to Rex\'s mine area, Ashmol finds two lollipop wrappers. Deeper in the tunnel, he finds a large opal which he takes back to Kellyanne. He tells her he has found Pobby and Dingan, and that they are dead. Kellyanne, whose sickness has been worsening, has to go to hospital. Ashmol sells his opal and pays for a funeral for Pobby and Dingan. He has made friends with a lawyer, who takes Rex\'s case. Rex wins the trial. Many people in town begin to feel that their attitude toward Kellyanne and her family may have contributed to her sickness. These people show up at Pobby and Dingan\'s funeral. Kellyanne, though still sick, is there, and throws lollipops into her imaginary friends\' graves. A short time later, Kellyanne herself dies, and is buried between her imaginary friends. Ashmol visits her grave. Rex gets his claim back, and Ashmol is allowed to accompany him on mining trips.  In the original release of the film, the death of Kellyanne was not shown; after Pobby and Dingan\'s funeral, the screen fades to white, and the film ends. This cut was made against the wishes of the director and crew,{{cite web}} but did air uncut and as originally intended when shown on BBC Two in 2008.'] ['Joe  is a small-time con-man and dice-hustler who works with a group of men with similar interests. They shave cards and dice, doing small time cons at card games and union picnics. He\'s in a long-term relationship with Janice  and has a son with Down\'s syndrome, Joe Jr. . Joe finds out that his son must leave his residential care facility due to age. Joe Jr. has difficulty controlling his anger. He uses profanity and gets into fights. Thus, the residential facility is hesitant to recommend him to the group home for adults and Joe must take his son home, at least for a few weeks. Joe has been looking to make a bigger score, and he begins to hope that such a score could enable him to get his son into the group home. Sure that he could not care for his son, he begins work putting together a scam in Vegas. During this time, the film shows that Joe\'s crew are affectionate towards Joe Jr., often more so than Joe himself. Joe Jr. also strikes up a friendship with Janice. When Stanley ([[Michael Lerner  finds some men who will front Joe and the crew the cash, plans are laid for a trip to Vegas in the hope of scoring big. Tensions remain between Joe and Joe Jr., but they all travel to Vegas to find a way to hustle the casinos. While in Vegas, Joe Jr. gives a gift to Janice at the hotel room and then tries to force himself on her sexually. Joe comes in and pulls him off. All three are visibly shaken and Joe Jr. runs out of the hotel. At Janice\'s request, Joe catches up with him and brings him back. She forgives Joe Jr., but it becomes clear to her that they cannot handle him alone without professional help. While watching someone else roll the dice in Craps, Joe realizes that the cameras focus on the shooter. Using Joe Jr. as a partner, he demonstrates to Stanley and Janice that if he only rolls one die a partner across the table could drop a second weighted die in an almost unrecognizable move. Repeat the move and two weighted dice are on the table, enabling the crew to win big. Stanley originally agrees to drop the dice, but backs out because of fear that if he\'s caught he could lose his business. Joe Jr. offers to drop the dice and, after much reluctance, Joe agrees. One by one they gather at a craps table in the casino. Joe Jr. comes up, drops the dice, but is asked to leave by a casino employee watching the table. As Joe Jr. walks out the door of the casino, the crew around the table begin to win with the weighted dice. Joe narrowly avoids being caught, and the crew succeeds in their score. However, after leaving the casino, Joe Jr. fails to show up at the meeting place. After a search, Joe finds Joe Jr. at a bus stop, ready to travel back to the residential facility. Joe Jr. explains that he has spoken to the manager and apologized for his past behavior. The facility has agreed to take Joe Jr. back until the group home is ready for him in six months. Joe at first resists, but eventually gives in and tearfully says goodbye to his son. When returns to Janice he explains that Joe Jr. has "let him go."'] ["Twelve-year-old Steve Pascoe is nicknamed 'Snook' by everyone in Port Lincoln. He's thin and long-faced, like the fish he's named after. At school he's no good at sport and, at home, his father scorns him. Snook joins his father and fellow crewmen on a tuna-fishing expedition, when disaster strikes. It is up to Snook to save himself and his father from a desperate situation."] ['Leo , is the eldest of four brothers. Marcel , age 10, is the youngest. With their young parents, they are a happy and close-knit family. One evening, Marcel overhears his family discussing the news that Leo is HIV-positive. They all agree to protect Marcel from the news, even though Leo wants to tell his little brother, not only that he has HIV, but that he is gay. The family continues pretending everything is fine to Marcel, but the young boy is devastated and starts behaving badly. Marcel wants the truth, but neither his parents nor his brothers can bring themselves to speak openly about it. Marcel is just on the edge of puberty and is sometimes childish and sometimes mature and sensitive. When he is excluded from a midnight ocean swim by his brothers, he follows them to the beach demanding to be included. Leo takes Marcel off to Paris so that he can visit an old boyfriend and explain both himself and his situation to his young brother. Marcel understands that Leo is very unhappy with his situation, and sees him decide to stop taking his medication. Leo cannot cope with the stress and puts Marcel on a train back home to Brittany, asking the boy to lighten the atmosphere back home.'] ["Adele August  is an eccentric woman who, with her reluctant daughter Ann , leaves a small Wisconsin town and moves to Beverly Hills to realize her dreams. She may not know what those dreams are herself. Adele is confused and always tries to deal with matters the easy way. She buys things she can't afford and her more practical daughter is upset when she does this. When living in Beverly Hills, Adele improvises from day to day, often unable to pay the bills. She wants her daughter to become an actress, but Ann is much more interested in going away to Brown University. After Adele fails in many respects, she accepts her daughter's plans and decides to help her."] ['The movie opens with a man playing the harmonica and singing the blues. Pierce is then seen walking down the street when he gets called by a woman to see her sister’s baby. Pierce says that he doesn’t have time because he has to go to visit Soldier’s mother, but goes in anyway. At the house, Pierce asks who the father is and the woman says that he could be the father if he wants. Angered by the comment, Pierce leaves the house and continues his way to Soldier’s place. At the house, Soldier’s mother Mrs. Richardson asks Pierce if Soldier would ever act his age and wants Pierce to keep him out of trouble. Pierce promises her by saying that Soldier wrote him a letter that said he would never go back to jail and even asked for a job. Mrs. Richardson asks about his brother’s wedding and Pierce tells her about how he doesn’t like her because she’s rich. Pierce leaves saying that he has to go work at his mother’s shop. At the shop, Mr. Bitterfield comes in asking if Pierce’s mother, Mrs. Mundy, can mend the rip in his church going pants. When Pierce goes in the back to consult his mother, she says to tell Mr. Bitterfield that they can fix it but to instead throw them in the trash and give Mr. Bitterfield a pair from the unclaimed box. Pierce then gets into a wrestling match with his father. Meanwhile a man comes into the store asking for a job. Mrs. Mundy replies saying there are two grown man in the back that can help her. Turning around to see Pierce and his father still wrestling, the man leaves as does Pierce’s parents. Back at home, Pierce’s mother informs him that his brother, Wendell, and his fiancée, Sonia, are coming over. Pierce says he does not want to go, complaining that Sonia is always bragging about how her family is rich and privileged. She warns Pierce that he has to behave so Sonia can see that he is civilized. She then tells him to go over to the neighborhood elders, Big Momma and Big Daddy, to see if they need anything and to pick up a pot. Once there, Big Daddy gets mad at Pierce for being rude and not saying anything. Pierce explains that he has to get back to the house before Wendell gets there. Pierce and Sonia get into an argument because Pierce thinks that Sonia had nothing to worry about all her life because she attended charm school. Sonia retaliates saying that she had to worry about things such as grades and if people liked her and her. Sonia also says that charm school taught young girls how to be ladies. They walk into the living room, where Wendell was telling his secretary of the wedding count. Upon hearing that, Pierce’s mother then turns and asks Pierce when he’s going to have a secretary. She says that she put them in church so that when they settled down she would have done her job. Intending that Pierce has not yet accomplished anything, Pierce tells his mother that it is not his fault. This upsets his mother as she tells him that it is his fault because of all the sacrifices that she and their father have given up for them. The next day, a man comes in looking for the clothes that he had brought in two months ago. They have trouble finding it because they man does not remember what he put his name as. They allow the man to go back and look for it, but Mrs. Mundy states that if he was a good man they would not have to keep track of all his aliases. Angela comes into the store again all dressed up asking Pierce if he would go to prom with her in a couple of year. Seeing Pierce’s disinterest, she leaves saying that she’s going over to Smokey Robinson’s tonight and that she should go get dressed. Pierce’s mother tells him that he needs to go over to Big Momma and Daddy’s house because Haddie wants to go out. As Pierce leaves, he and his father get into another wrestling match. With Soldier close to returning home, Pierce goes to a liquor store and asks his friend if he would be willing to give Soldier a job. The friend says that he would give Pierce a job, but he will not give one to Soldier. Having been rejected, Pierce then goes to ask his friend, Bob, telling him that Soldier is getting out of jail. Bob states that it is too bad because a person like Soldier should just stay in jail until he rots. Hearing this, Pierce leaves without even asking and picks up Soldier to take him home. When Mrs. Richardson sees Soldier she starts crying and Pierce consoles her saying that he is here to stay. Pierce hangs out with Soldier saying that Soldier is with a different girl every time he seems him. They goof around and hang out for the day. While hanging out in an alley, Soldier asks about his friend Lonneil and Pierce tell him that he was killed during an attempt to rob a liquor store. Pierce then says that they are the only two left. The next day Angela comes back and tells Pierce about how she was at Smoke Robinson’s last night. She also tells him about how she does not like guys that are too cute. Pierce’s mom interrupts telling Pierce that he has to go take care of Big Daddy and give him a bath. A man then attempts to rob the shop but backs out when he realized that Mrs. Mundy was on to what he was trying to do. Soldier asks Pierce about his girlfriend, Barbara, and if they had sex or not. Someone hiding in the bushes then leaps out and tries to shoot them but there are no bullets in the gun. They end up chasing the man, but Pierce lets him go. Pierce’s mother begs him not to embarrass the family during dinner with the Richardson’s. She says that she didn’t raise heathens, but Pierce still states that he does not like Sonia because she has never worked for anything in her life. During dinner, Mr. Richardson asks Pierce what his job is. Pierce says that he went to school but did not like that everyone was doing the same thing. He tells him how he used to drive heavy machinery and delivered explosives. He states that he likes to work with his hands and that he’s not smart enough to become a lawyer. Pierce’s mother then says that it would have been nice to have a doctor and a lawyer in the family, but Pierce remarks that they are all crooks. Mr. Richardson says that the real corruption is in politics. Pierce states that the higher up you go, the lower the people you find. When Pierce’s mother asks Sonia about her trial, Pierce yells at her saying that letting her client go free was wrong because he had killed people. This ends the dinner and they leave with Pierce’s mother saying how ashamed of him she is. While Pierce is working at the store, Soldier walks in with a girl and asks Pierce to let him have sex with the girl in the back of the store. Pierce’s mother goes to church but has to come back because she forgot her prayer book. She ends up walking in on them having sex and freaks out because they also did it on her prayer book. The girl then runs away in embarrassment. The next day, Soldier is waiting in a car for Pierce with another girl and sends Angela to go tell Pierce to hurry up. Angela ends up not telling Pierce that they are waiting and they leave without him. While Pierce is taking care of Big Momma and Big Daddy, Big Daddy asks Pierce if his friends are saved and believe in God, especially Soldier. That night Soldier gets into a car accident and dies. When Pierce finds out the next day, he runs to Soldier’s house where his parents are grieving and the funeral is set for Saturday. Soldier’s mom tells Pierce that he was like a son to her. Pierce then feels like it is his job to go find pallbearers for Soldier’s funeral. In doing so, he realizes that the funeral is the same day as his brother’s wedding. He rushes home to ask his brother and Sonia to change they date, but they refuse because he had never been nice to Sonia. Pierce’s father then talks to him and tells them that maybe they can change the date of the funeral. With new hope, Pierce goes back to Soldier’s house to ask. Once there, Soldier’s dad tells him about the stress of the last few days and all the relatives that have flown in for Soldier’s funeral. Hearing this, Pierce abandons the idea of asking them to change the date of the funeral and is now left conflicted. As both the wedding and the funeral are starting, Pierce shows up late and tells his mother that is has to go to the funeral. He tells his mother that someone else has to be the best man, but she gets angry and tells him to go sit down. However, Pierce ends up getting a car and drives to Soldier’s funeral only to be late and miss it. The movie ends with Pierce sitting at the parking lot of the mortuary with the wedding rings and missing both events.'] ["The film focuses on the basketball team of an Episcopalian all-girl high school, where they try to make a name, despite only a little funding. the team's new female coach soon realizes she will have to work very hard if she wants the team to become a success.Review Summary The New York Times"] ['Suki, her cowardly brother Linus, and their conceited cousin Fleck are all lion cubs. When rogue lions known as "The Wanderers" attack and while the lionesses help, they kill Fleck\'s mother leaving him an orphan. Suki and Linus decide to go exploring and find out how the Wanderers got across the river. Their mother Macheeba thought it impossible for the Wanderers to get across as there are Nile crocodiles in the river. Suki and Linus find a dead tree making a bridge, which is probably how the Wanderers got across. Elephants destroy the bridge leaving the cubs  trapped. When they meet a Wanderer named Dark, he saves them from a pack of spotted hyenas, and Suki develops a crush on him. She and Linus have no choice but to swim across the river, and they successfully do. As the cubs become teenagers, Suki and Linus are being taught to hunt. Suki does not want to hunt and becomes a vegetarian. Fleck thinks that Suki and Linus do not like him because he is an orphan. Often in the film, Linus tries to practice hunting but is humiliated twice . When Suki, Fleck and Linus become adult, Suki refuses to hunt/contribute to the pride as she sees it as cruelty to kill animals, therefore rendering her useless or another mouth to feed to the other lions, and, seeing as she does not see that she fits in, leaves the pride and becomes a Wanderer. After a year with the Wanderers, Suki now has Dark\'s cubs but still refuses to hunt. One night Harry, the lion that killed Fleck\'s mother, eats all but one of Suki\'s cubs, Rory. Harry claims they went missing and threatens for her last cub to "go missing" if she does not contribute. That night Suki overhears Harry talking to Dark about striking another attack on the pride saying they will kill them all. Outraged, Suki goes back to warn her pride about the impending attack. On her way back, Suki meets Lush, a lion who left the pride to see the rest of the world. Suki asks him to help her find some food and help fight the Wanderers. She hunts for the first time to provide food for the pride as they had not eaten for a while. Since the pride will not accept Fleck, he decides to join the Wanderers. Soon a fight erupts on the mountain top containing Harry and Linus where Harry dies by falling off the cliff side after Dark refuses to help him because Dark had just found out what Harry did to his cubs. Both Fleck and Dark leave after the battle, with Fleck threatening his revenge, claiming he will come back with an entire group of "highly-trained lions." Suki mates with Lush and has his cubs.'] ["Boy Willy  and his friend Lymon  travel from Mississippi to Pittsburgh, where he wishes his sister Berniece  to give him the family's heirloom piano so that he can sell it to buy land from Mr. Sutter , a descendent of the family that once owned Willy's own ancestors as slaves. The piano itself had at one time belonged to the wife of the original Sutter, the white former owner of their family... and decades earlier, Berniece and Willy Boy's grandfather had, at the slave master's instructions, carved the black family's African tribal history and American slave history into the piano's surface. When Boy Willy arrives, his Uncle Doaker  tells Willy that Berniece won't part with the piano. Berniece's boyfriend Avery  and her Uncle Wining Boy  also attempt for reasons of their own to get Bernice to sell. As selling the piano would be like turning her back on their people and their past, Bernice continues to refuse."] ["Ravi  is sent to tutor Rai Saheb's five grandchildren, the eldest of whom is a young woman named Rama . Their father Nilesh ([[Sanjeev Kumar , a talented musician, died not long after his wife's death, so the children were sent to live with their paternal grandfather. The children have driven away their previous tutors and in turn, often get corporal punishment from their great-aunt. After Ravi comes, the children play tricks on him too, but his gentle manner and patient methods win them over. He and Rama fall in love, and the end credits indicate that there will be a wedding between them."] ["Divorced mom Tracy Cross raises her 12-year-old son Christopher in Key West in 1969 around the time of the Apollo 11 moon landing. A waitress, she becomes a stripper to support herself and Chris.The film includes a scene where fourteen-year-old actor David Arnott appears nude . Chris is also working at part-time jobs to help pay the bills. He is upset when he finds out about his mother's new job. A man from a local seafood restaurant is involved in a drug-smuggling ring in which the drugs are hidden inside fish, so Chris goes to work for him to earn enough money so that his mother can quit her dancing job. A stranger, Joe, comes to town and strikes up a relationship with Tracy. This further disturbs her son, who seeks out his father, John Cross, a military vet so troubled from his Vietnam experiences that he is now a gardener in a monastery. Joe turns out to be a law-enforcement undercover agent, working to bring down the drug ring. His relationship with Tracy and her son complicates matters as the time comes to make the arrest."] ['One Christmas Eve in present day Tokyo, three homeless people &mdash; {{nihongo}}, a middle-aged alcoholic, {{nihongo}}, a transwoman and former drag queen, and {{nihongo}}, a runaway girl &mdash; discover an abandoned newborn while searching in some trash. Deposited with the unnamed baby is a note asking the finder to take good care of her and a bag containing clues to the parent\'s identity. The trio sets out to find the baby\'s parents. The baby is named Kiyoko, "pure child" as she is born on Christmas Eve. Outside a cemetery, the group encounters a high-ranking yakuza man trapped under his car. The man happens to know the owner of the club Kiyoko\'s mother used to visit; he is getting married to the man\'s daughter. At the wedding, the groom tells them that the baby\'s mother is a former club member named Sachiko. He gives them Sachiko\'s address, but the party is interrupted when a maid is revealed to be a Latin American hit man in disguise, attempting to shoot the bride\'s father with a Tokarev TT-33, the hit man kidnaps Miyuki and the baby and takes them back to his home. There, Miyuki befriends the hit man\'s wife and shows her some pictures of her family. Hana searches for Miyuki and Kiyoko while Gin takes care of an old homeless man whom he finds dying in the street. The old man dies after giving Gin a little red bag. Some teenagers show up to beat Gin and the deceased old man. Meanwhile, Hana finds the girls and they go off to find a place to stay. Hana takes them to a club she used to work at. Gin, who was found by another member of the club, is also there. The trio sets out to find Sachiko\'s house. They\'re informed of the unhappy marriage Sachiko shares with her husband. The group rests at a store until they are told to leave by the shopkeeper. Hana collapses and is taken to a hospital. At the hospital, Gin finds his daughter who works as a nurse. Hana humiliates Gin in front of his daughter and storms out of the hospital. Miyuki follows with Kiyoko. Hana and Miyuki find Sachiko about to jump off a bridge. Sachiko insists that her husband got rid of the baby without her knowledge, and they return it to her. Meanwhile, Gin finds Sachiko\'s husband, who reveals that Kiyoko is actually a baby that Sachiko stole from the hospital. The chase for Sachiko and the baby begins. After an intense car chase through the city, Miyuki follows Sachiko as she escapes to the top of a building. Sachiko tries to jump off the building, but her husband comes out of his apartment  and encourages her to start a new life. Sachiko jumps off nevertheless and accidentally drops the baby off of the building. Hana jumps after Kiyoko. She catches the baby and miraculously lands safely. Hana, Miyuki, and Gin are taken to the hospital. Miyuki hands Gin his cigarettes and drops the old man\'s small red bag on the floor, revealing a winning lottery ticket. Kiyoko\'s real parents want to ask the trio to become her godparents. When a police inspector introduce them to the trio, the inspector is revealed to be Miyuki\'s father.'] ["Drama about a 12-year-old boy who fantasises about having enough money to be able to cure his grandmother's serious heart condition. When he finds himself in a haunted house, the mysterious owner 'grants' him one wish - the Midas touch. The boy soon learns that it is more of a curse than a blessing when everything he touches turns into gold."] ["The film is divided into two sections, the first telling events from Hilary's point of view and the second from Jackie's. It opens with Hilary and Jackie as children being taught by their mother to dance and play musical instruments, the cello for Jackie and the flute for Hilary. Jackie does not take practising seriously at first, but when she does, she becomes a virtuoso, quickly rising to international prominence. Marriage to pianist and conductor Daniel Barenboim follows. Hilary, on the other hand, plays in a community orchestra and marries Christopher Finzi, the son of composer Gerald Finzi. The film, though focused primarily on Jacqueline, is ultimately about the relationship between the two sisters and their dedication to one another; to help Jacqueline through a nervous breakdown and in the interest of therapy, Hilary consents to Jacqueline having an affair with her  husband. The last quarter of the movie chronicles in detail the last fifteen years of Jacqueline's life: she is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, loses control of her nervous system, becomes paralyzed, goes deaf and mute, and finally dies. The film ends with Jacqueline's spirit standing on the beach where she used to play as a child, watching herself and her sister frolicking in the sand as little girls."] ['The film is an autobiographical account of Tony Ayres\' life at age eight, however the names have been changed. The story is narrated by Darren Yap as an adult Tom typing the story on a computer and reflecting on the story "which defines them, which shapes who they are." His mother Rose Hong  was a nightclub singer in Hong Kong in 1964, where she met Bill, an Australian sailor, and married him to seek a better life in Australia, taking her daughter May  and son Tom . An opening montage of scenes shows Rose making several unsuccessful attempts to establish herself with Chinese partners before moving in with Bill again. The story begins seven years after their initial migration to Australia, with the family returning to Bill\'s house in Melbourne. Bill\'s mother, Norma , who is disapproving of the family, has moved in. When Bill leaves on a tour of duty, Rose and Norma struggle for control over the house. Soon, Rose begins to have an affair with Joe , the son of the local Chinese restaurateur, who is in his twenties. He moves in with Rose, who tells Norma he is her aunt\'s son. Rose and her children are eventually kicked out when Norma finds Joe in Rose\'s room. Rose settles in with Joe after renting a place from a Chinese man. Their relationship begins to break down, and Rose attempts suicide, however May and Joe discover an affinity for each other which develops into a friendship. Rose, believing that May is trying to take Joe away from her, beats her and curses her. May, as a result, also attempts suicide and Rose also ends up in despair. However, the mother and daughter are reconciled in forgiveness as Rose tells May the story of the difficulties and traumatic experiences in her childhood, where she was forced into a marriage and lost her first two daughters. The relationship between Rose and Joe collapses, and the family once again returns to Bill\'s home, with Norma moving out. One afternoon when Tom is walking home with his classmate they encounter Rose in the front yard, and upon overhearing a conversation between two of his classmates bagging out Rose and her clothing, Tom blocks himself from his mother completely. Rose, in the meantime, has had her dream shattered, and is contemplating returning to Hong Kong when Tom abruptly tells her his apathy. The film culminates in the adult Tom narrating, "Of all the things I remember about my childhood, this is what I remember the most." The eight-year-old Tom wakes up early in the morning to see the light to the backyard shed on and enters to find that Rose has hanged herself. Although she does not die initially, Bill receives a phone call later on confirming her death. The epilogue to the film shows the adult Tom and his sister May with her family  returning to Bill\'s home. He narrates again, recalling how he never shed a tear for his mother, but instead, wrote the story fully to understand what has shaped him. The real Tom, Tony Ayres, and his sister stayed with Bill after their mother\'s death. May ends up marrying the teacher who became their guardian soon after Bill\'s death.'] ["The film is set in Arnhem Land, in a time before Western contact, and tells the story of a group of ten men hunting goose eggs. The leader of the group, Minygululu, tells the young Dayindi  a story about another young man even further back in time who, like Dayindi, coveted his elder brother's youngest wife. The sequences featuring Dayindi and the hunt are in black and white, while shots set in distant past are in colour. All protagonists speak in indigenous dialects of the Yolŋu Matha language group, with subtitles. The film is narrated in English by David Gulpilil, although a cut of the film featuring narration in Yolŋu Matha is also available. Minygululu tells a story of the great warrior Ridjimiraril, who suspects a visiting stranger of kidnapping his second wife. In a case of mistaken identity, Ridjimiraril kills a member of a neighbouring tribe. To prevent all-out war, tribal laws dictate that the offending tribe allow the offender to be speared from a distance by the tribe of the slain man. The offender is allowed to be accompanied by a companion, and he takes his younger brother. Whenever one of the two is hit, the spear-throwers will stop, and justice will have been served. Ridjimiraril is hit and mortally wounded but survives long enough to return to his camp, where he is tended to by his eldest wife. After he finally succumbs, the elder brother's kidnapped second wife finds her way back to the camp. She reveals that she had been kidnapped by a different tribe, much farther away and had taken this long to return. She mourns her lost husband, who had attacked the wrong tribe, though now she and the elder wife take his younger brother as their new husband. The younger brother, who was only interested in the youngest of the three wives, now has to care for all of them, and satisfying their many and constant demands is much more than he bargained for. Minygululu tells this story in the hope that Dayindi learns of the added responsibilities of a husband and elder statesman in the tribe, and in the end we see Dayindi withdrawing from his pursuit of Minygululu's young wife."] ['When Aaron loses his parents, the only family he has left are his estranged aunt and uncle , who are reluctant to take the young boy in. But with no other options, Aaron moves into their farm house, nestled in the sprawling wilderness, and begins a new life. Aaron finds much comfort in exploring the nature around him and becomes even more intrigued when he spots a white wolf patrolling the nearby ridge. When he witnesses a hunter wound on the majestic animal, Aaron reaches out to the wolf and creates a bond that will become very important to protecting both of their lives.'] ["The film is set within a harness racing fraternity and explores the conflict between urban and rural values through the medium of an evolving relationship between father and son. The main character in the film, Hoggy, abandoned his wife and son ten years earlier to establish himself in an alternative lifestyle, living in a caravan and caring for his horses. The world gets turned upside down by the arrival of his teenage son, who has a prison sentence hanging over him. Billy has lived his life on an inner-city housing estate, and in his lifestyle theft and drugs are the norm. Using dramatic seasonal changes within the horse-trainer's environment the film follows the development of this fragile relationship. Both father’s and son's value systems are tested, with dramatic consequences."] ['Donald Bridges  and his wife Alice  have a young son, Andy,  who is emotionally disturbed due to a near drowning accident. The parents frequently argue with each other about how to raise their son until they have uninvited houseguests when a plane carrying Jarvis Moody  and Pepper Upper  falls from the sky and crashes right onto their roof. Jarvis and Pepper are a pair of wealthy eccentrics who give Donald and Alice a lesson in how to enjoy life. The stranded couple force the stressed parents to cope with each other and with their son. Then Andy asks through his artwork to be taken to a special school for children with his type of disorder. All of their lives are changed forever in this warm, offbeat fairytale.'] ['One foggy night in Devon, Gail, a working border collie Herding dog, gives birth to a litter of three puppies, cozy in a barn on Borough Farm. As she lies quietly with her newborn litter, her father, Sir Gregory, walks inside, not realizing she had her puppies until he spots them curled up next to her. He warmly greets his daughter and grandpups, happily asking if she had named them yet. Gail touches a large black puppy with a white blaze, who she named Storm. Sir Gregory warmly replies that it\'s a good, strong sheepdog name. one of the puppies Drift, but is letting the name of the third puppy be decided by her father. Sir \'s a Gregory thinks for a moment, and, looking out of the barn window at the foggy night, decides the name of the third puppy should be Mist. Sir Gregory, likes this very much, and Gail contentedly falls asleep. The new additions to Borough Farm are soon welcomed by the other working sheepdogs who live there; wise, orange faced Auntie Swift who played a game and the rules were simple ;the first one to blink loses and Mist wins rest of the dogs are Swift\'s broad headed son Ernie; Mist\'s miserable pointy eared Auntie Fern; and the large eccentric Uncle Jake and Sir Gregory who gives a rousing speech about how privileged the new litter are to be sheepdogs, before revealing that the Boss, who takes care of all the dogs and the fields of Borough Farm, is going to keep one of the puppies to train them as a sheepdog, much to Fern\'s chagrin. Over the next few days, Gail stays with the puppies and keeps them warm and feeds them. One day, the puppies discover they can finally see the world, and excitedly look around the barn. Mist looks out of a nearby window and sees a flock of sheep pass the window, but doesn\'t know what they are. She points them out to Storm and Drift, but by the time they come to the window, the sheep are gone. They think Mist is making it up, and playfully wrestle each other around the barn. This soon tires them out, and they slowly fall asleep side by side. The other Borough Farm dogs soon take it in turn to dogsit the puppies in the barn; Jake excitedly plays with them; Mist has a staring competition with Swift and Ernie; and Auntie Fern scares the puppies by telling them that sheep are fire breathing animals that they shouldn\'t go near. She also spitefully says Mist will never be able to be a good sheepdog because of her "parrot face" and her "narrow eyes". The puppies soon begin to grow up and venture outdoors with Gail, who teaches them to walk, run, and not to eat the prickly gorse. Mist soon sees a large flock of sheep and is amazed, and realises Fern has lied to them about sheep being dangerous. The puppies watch Uncle Jake herd a large flock of sheep and are mesmerized as he does so. Mist excitedly goes to help him, relishing the chance to be a sheepdog. However, her brother and sister, Storm and Drift, decide they would rather play with sticks in the bushes than herd sheep. They try to persuade Mist to come and play but Mist decides that she is destined to be a sheepdog. Later that day, Sir Gregory talks with Gail about how well Mist is doing compared to Storm and Drift. Gail realises it\'s finally time to choose which of the puppies will stay on Borough Farm to be trained as a sheepdog, and which have to leave. She asks if Sir Gregory is sure about Mist being the best to which he replies "Yes, I\'m sure she\'s the one.". It begins to rain. Two cars soon arrive at Borough Farm and Storm and Drift learn they are to live their lives away from Borough Farm with other families. They say bye to Mist who is to stay on the farm before being driven away, with Gail watching sadly from nearby. Winter arrives at Borough Farm, but Fern has still not warmed to Mist. She tricks Mist into going into the woods, a dark place where Mist soon gets lost and has to be rescued by the Boss and Sir Gregory. This shakes Mist\'s confidence a lot, but not so much as to stop her from being taught how to be a sheepdog by Sir Gregory. Mist learns the golden rules of being a sheepdog; stay away from the cliffs, stay away from rams and never go head to head with a sheep until Sir Gregory says she is ready. Mist gets frustrated with how long it takes to learn to be a sheepdog, and when it comes to her first test with the boss, she gets overexcited and doesn\'t listen to the Boss\' commands. It is a complete failure and Mist leaves dejected. For now, Auntie Fern seems to be right about Mist not being a good sheepdog. Mist decides she needs more practice and rounds up some ducks from a nearby pond and pretends they are sheep. With their help, she slowly manages to control them and learns what it takes to be a good sheepdog. Sir Gregory sees this and is encouraged, but Fern decides to send Mist off track again by telling her she should go and try rounding up some rams to impress everyone. This breaks one of the golden rules, but Mist, determined, heads off to a nearby rams field. She finds the rams very soon but they are incredibly stubborn and don\'t like sheepdogs, so decide to charge at Mist. Mist has to run for her life across the field before the rams catch her, and just about escapes. Gail is furious at Mist, who tells her that she\'s let everyone down by doing what she did in the rams field. She sends Mist to her Kennel, before her final test with the boss the following day. That night, Mist wonders if she\'ll ever make a good sheepdog, and nervously waits for the following day to arrive. The next day, the Boss sets Mist her final task; to round up a flock of ewes and drive them into Borough Farm woods. Taking her time and not losing her cool, Mist successfully does this whilst being watched by the other farm dogs, including Sir Gregory who said "watching you is enough to tire anyone out, you were marvelous. That evening, Mist sleeps soundly in the barn where she was born, pleased with her work earlier in the day. Across the yard, Sir Gregory wanders back to his kennel and thinks about how far she has come since the night she was born. He thinks about how proud he is of her, and says he "must remember to tell her that in the morning". However, as he lays down happily with this thought in his mind, Sir Gregory closes his eyes for the last time, peacefully passing away. The next morning, the Borough Farm dogs sit sadly on the steps as it rains, lamenting the loss of their wise leader. In the days after Sir Gregory\'s death, the other dogs get on with their lives as sheepdogs. Mist and Fern still don\'t like each other, but one day when the Boss takes Mist and Fern for his morning round when they arrive at the cliffs they discover that a grumpy ram, Macphereson, is stuck on a cliff lege in the fog. The Boss sends Mist and Fern to Macphereson to attempt a rescue. When they get there, Mist discovers Fern is afraid of the cliffs and can\'t rescue the ram. Mist bravely navigates her way down the cliffs, and, with Fern\'s help from above, stands off with the ram down below. But Macphereson turns around,Fern thinks it\'s best to get Swift up at the cliffs to do it but she remembers what Sir Gregory said to her "With teamwork and Bravery there\'s nothing we can\'t achieve" so Mist refused to come back up and she and Macphereson battle, Mist falls and the Boss and Fern think she is dead but Mist comes back up and remembers even more what Sir Gregory said to her and finally moves Macphereson off the Cliffs and Macphereson told Macvicor to run for his life. Back on the farm, Fern says she is extremely proud of Mist and concedes that she is a good sheepdog, burying their rivally finally. As the film ends, we see Mist happily working the cliffs with the other Borough Farm sheepdogs, having now claimed her place as one of the pack.'] ['Jesse is sixteen years old and works as an orca-researcher on a research ship called the Noah alongside his old friend Randolph. They suspect that Willy and his pod are being illegally hunted by whalers posing as commercial fishermen. Aboard just such a ship, the Botany Bay, Max, who is ten years old, takes his first trip to sea with his father, a whaler from a long line of whalers, and learns the true unlawful nature of the family business. During his first hunt, Max is thrown overboard and comes face to face with Willy. From this point on, Max is working against his own father, teaming with Jesse and Randolph to save Willy from becoming $200-per-pound sushi. Jesse introduces Max to Willy properly after learning of Max\'s experience and how Max likes whales. Jesse tries to get his and Randolph\'s head boss to take the threat to the whales seriously, but he refuses to until Jesse manages to get proof with help from Max. Jesse manages to sneak on board the Botany Bay to steal a sample of the spear guns that are used to shoot the whales, and discovers that the whalers are heading back out to go after Willy and his pod, using an audio recording of a song which Jesse plays on his harmonica as a lure for Willy, who won\'t realize that it\'s not Jesse until it\'s too late. Jesse\'s boss plans to call for help the next day, but knowing it will be too late then, Jesse, Randolph and one of their fellow researchers, Drew, steal the Noah research boat from her mooring and go after the whalers themselves. Max manages to buy them a little time by jumping into the water and forcing the whalers to pause their pursuit of the whales to perform a "man overboard" rescue for Max, which gives Jesse and his two companions enough time to catch up. Max\'s father is angry because he learns that Max isn\'t on his side and believes that Max tried to sabotage the engine , but it doesn\'t stop him. Jesse, Randolph and Drew use a flare gun and their boat\'s P.A. system to try to bluff the whalers into stopping, but when it doesn\'t work, Jesse rams the Botany Bay with the Noah just as they fire a harpoon, the jolt causing the harpoon to miss Willy and knocking Max\'s father into the water. Willy tries to kill him, biting at him, but Jesse and Max manage to convince Willy to spare him. Max\'s father then gets trapped under a net and nearly drowns as the net drags him down, and ultimately comes face to face with Willy himself. This time, Willy, instead of killing him, saves him by pushing him to the surface and holding him there long enough for Jesse and Randolph to rescue him. The Marine Patrol arrive, having been summoned on the radio by Jesse before he rammed the Botany Bay, and catch the whalers  in the act and arrest them. Being saved by Willy causes Max\'s father to realize that he was wrong about the whales, and he apologizes to Max. The father is not sure where to go from here as his whole life has been about whaling, but Max tells him he is his father and forgives him. Later, Jesse, Randolph, Drew and Max witness the birth of Willy\'s son  and Jesse decides to name him Max when given the choice. The film ends with the two whales, their calf, and the rest of the pod swimming away out to the open sea.'] ["The film opens in documentary fashion at a Sardinian elementary school that six-year old Gavino  is attending. His tyrannical peasant father  barges in and announces to the teacher and the students that Gavino must leave school and tend the family sheep. Under his father's watchful eyes and the victim of his sadistic behavior, Gavino passes the next fourteen years tending sheep in the Sardinian mountains. There he begins to discover things for himself and begins to rebel against his father. Gavino is rescued from his family and his isolation when he is called for military service. During his time with the army he learns about electronics, the Italian language and classical music, yearning all the while for a university education. When Gavino returns home, he declares to his father that he will attend university. His father is against this and tells him that he will throw him out of the family home. They have a nasty fight, but Gavino eventually attends university and emerges as a brilliant student. He becomes a linguist, specializing in the origins of the Sardinian language. The film ends again in documentary fashion as Gavino Ledda himself tells why he wrote his book and what Sardinian children may expect as inhabitants of a rural area with close ties to the land."] ['Tripp  is a lawyer who becomes the focus of an intensive IRS investigation. He and his 12-year-old son Derek , who loves playing Little League baseball, run from the investigation. They assume new identities, with Tripp becoming Glen Simon Ryan and Derek becoming Michael "Mickey" Jacob Ryan. Derek\'s new identity makes him a year younger, which enables him to play another year in the Little League. His team plays very well, receiving attention from TV and newspapers, increasing the chances of his father being caught by the IRS. "Mickey"\'s team reaches the Little League World Series final game as the U.S. representative against a team from Cuba, the International finalist. During the game, LLWS officials receive information of ineligible players on both the Cuban and U.S. teams. It is found that the Cuban team, which is supposed to be strictly from Havana, is made up of All Star players from various island teams. At a news conference, Tripp/Glen reveals the truth about Derek/Mickey. The LLWS commissioner announces that the team from Rockport, Michigan, will play a Canadian team for the championship instead. After a year in prison, Tripp is released, and in the final scene he throws a baseball to Derek that hits the windshield of his girlfriend\'s car.'] ['Shūhei Hirayama  is an ageing widower with a 32-year-old son, Kōichi , who is married, and two unmarried children – a 24-year-old daughter Michiko  and a 21-year-old son Kazuo . The ages of the children, and what they respectively remember about their mother, suggest that she died just before the end of the war, perhaps in the bombing of Tokyo in 1944-45. Since his marriage, Kōichi has moved out to live with his wife in a small flat, leaving Hirayama and Kazuo to be looked after by Michiko. Hirayama and five of his classmates from middle-school, Kawai , Horie , Sugai , Watanabe  and Nakanishi hold regular reunions at a restaurant called Wakamatsu , which is owned by Sugai. They reminisce about old times and banter with each other. For example, Horie is teased about having a new young wife and asked whether he is taking pills to maintain his virility. Their old teacher of Chinese classics, Sakuma , nicknamed the "Gourd", comes to one of these reunions and has too much to drink. When Kawai and Hirayama take him home, they find out that he has fallen on hard times and is running a cheap noodle restaurant in a working-class area. They meet his middle-aged daughter Tomoko , who missed the chance to marry when young and is now too old. Sakuma\'s former pupils decide to help him out with a gift of money, and Hirayama goes back to the restaurant to hand it over. While he is there, Yoshitarō Sakamoto , the owner of a small local car-repair shop, comes in for a bowl of noodles and recognises Hirayama as the captain of the ship in which he served as a Petty Officer during the war. He takes Hirayama to his favourite bar. Hirayama notices that the bar-owner Kaoru  resembles his dead wife. Kaoru puts on a recording of the patriotic song \'The Battleship March\' and Sakamoto marches up and down, holding a salute and singing meaningless syllables in time to the music, in a mocking version of military drill. Later, Hirayama visits the bar alone and Kaoru puts the record on again. Two tipsy customers begin to parody the kind of morale-boosting radio propaganda announcements that would have been introduced by this tune during the war. Kōichi borrows 50,000 yen from his father, ostensibly to buy a refrigerator, but this is more than the refrigerator will cost. He plans to use the extra money to buy a set of second-hand golf clubs from his colleague Miura . His wife Akiko  doesn\'t want him to, and says that if he is going to indulge himself like this she will spend money on an expensive white leather handbag. Eventually, having made her point, she relents. The "Gourd" tells his former pupils that it is owing to his own selfishness that his daughter is now condemned to a lonely life as a spinster. Troubled by this, Hirayama recognises his own selfishness in keeping Michiko at home to look after him, and decides to arrange a marriage for her. He asks Kōichi to find out if Miura, whom Michiko is fond of, is interested. Unfortunately, Miura is already engaged. Kōichi and Hirayama break the news to Michiko. Michiko does not react but retires to her room. Hirayama and Kōichi conclude that she is not upset, but a little later Kazuo comes in and asks why Michiko is crying. Hirayama later asks Michiko if she is willing to go for a matchmaking session with a candidate Kawai has selected. Michiko agrees. In one of the ellipses Ozu is famous for, the film next shows us Michiko being dressed in a traditional wedding kimono and head-dress. She has clearly agreed to marry, but the bridegroom, and the wedding ceremony, are never shown. After the wedding, Hirayama goes to a bar with friends while Kōichi, Akiko and Kazuo wait for him at home. When he returns, drunk, Kōichi and Akiko leave. Kazuo goes to bed, leaving Hirayama by himself. In the final scene, a melancholy Hirayama drunkenly sings snatches of the "Battleship March". His last words in the film are "Alone, eh?".'] ['In the summer of 1947, a pretentious thirteen-year-old girl called "Miss" Lily Jane Bobbit is liked by two boys, who are best friends. Using the funniest vocabulary and the ever so heavy accent, she manages to win the attraction of the towns people, including the love of the two best friends. As the story continues, it must be decided as to whether or not the two boys will remain best friends, as only one of them can win Miss Bobbit\'s heart.'] ['Set in the present with extensive flash-backs to the past, this film revolves around three generations of domineering father Charles  family, his wife Lisa , their two children: son Michael  and daughter Ryne , as well as Lisa\'s  sister Jane , and her son Christopher  and daughter Leslie  as well as Michael\'s ex-wife Kelly Hanson . Charles and Michael had, and still have, a strained relationship, with both pushing the other. In a flash-back to a boyhood car journey, the younger Michael claims to have lost his glasses, while knowing he simply has them in his pocket. Without knowing this deceit, Charles makes Michael walk home in the rain as a punishment. This tit-for-tat of rules, and rule-breaking continues with Charles imposing on all around him, including Jane, who is staying with them. She, too, hates Charles\' domineering nature. The two form a kind of pact against Charles. When Michael embarrasses Charles in front of his colleagues by falsely claiming to have written a poem, Fireflies in the Garden by Robert Frost, he is punished by having to hold his weighted arms horizontal, aching so much that at the end, he cannot even take food to his mouth. Jane feeds him. As they grow older the conflicts escalate, with a growing Michael eventually intervening in a quarrel between his parents, attacking Charles and forcing him to the ground. A critical dramatic event in the film occurs with a tragic car accident as Charles and Lisa drive to a family reunion at Jane\'s house in honour of Lisa\'s college graduation. Driving hurriedly, Charles swerves to avoid colliding with Christopher, who crosses the road carelessly, and their car hits a tree, leaving Lisa dead, Charles injured, and both Charles and Christopher feeling guilty. Michael takes Jane\'s children Christopher and Leslie "fishing", attempting to cheer them up by exploding the fish with firecrackers, as he had done with Jane growing up. Concerned what Charles and Jane will think, he encourages the children to lie to their mother about the trip. As predicted, Charles and Jane consider his behavior inappropriate. Michael\'s having noisy sex with ex-wife Kelly, who arrives for the funeral, does not help matters. The events of the accident and consequent guilt and anxiety see an upset Christopher running away, only to be found by Michael who assures him that he is not to blame for Lisa\'s death. Christopher insists on walking home alone after their talk, and Michael gives him his cell phone in case he changes his mind. Immediately discarding the phone, Christopher remains missing for several hours, Jane again blaming Michael for leaving Christopher . More revelations and recriminations ensue, as Michael discovers that his late mother was having an affair with her young professor Addison , and had planned to leave Charles following her graduation. Jane also discovers, whilst she and Kelly drive around looking for Christopher, that Kelly is pregnant and that Michael doesn\'t know. Michael and Kelly reconcile and they announce their news to the family before they leave. Whilst discussing baby names with Ryne and Kelly, Michael mentions that he likes the name Max for a boy, a name previously suggested by Lisa for Ryne, had she been a boy. The title of the film derives from the name of Michael\'s book about his childhood - taken from a scene in their lives, where Michael, Christopher and Leslie are having fun in the garden exploding fireflies with badminton rackets, in the dark. The revelations of the book concerned Charles and Jane, and in a sense the film see the history of the book told, and then re-written. This is brought home in a scene where the surviving family is watching an old home movie and, perhaps surprised by the happiness it captures, Charles and Michael begin to reconcile. Michael destroys the manuscript.'] ["Noriko , a secretary in Tokyo, lives in the extended Mamiya family at Kamakura, Kanagawa, which includes her parents Shukichi and Shige , her older brother Koichi , a physician, his wife Fumiko , and their two young sons Minoru  and Isamu . An elderly uncle  arrives from the provinces to visit Tokyo, and reminds everyone that Noriko is at an age where she should marry. At work, Noriko's boss Satake  recommends a match for her involving a forty-year-old friend, Mr Manabe, who is a businessman and an avid golfer. Her other friends are divided into two groups—the married and the unmarried—who tease one another endlessly, with Aya Tamura  her close ally in the unmarried group. The Mamiya family applies gentle pressure on Noriko to accept the match proposed by Satake, primarily through their acceptance of the cultural assumption that it is time for her to marry, and that the match proposed is a good one for a woman of her age. Childhood friend Kenkichi Yabe , a doctor, and widower, is father to a young daughter. Yabe arranges to have tea and cakes with Noriko and gives her a sheaf of wheat. The sheaf is a gift from a brother who was killed during World War II and who asked Yabe to deliver it to Noriko in case he did not return. Later, Yabe is posted to Akita, in northern Honshu. Akita is considered so rural that Noriko and Aya make fun of the accent of the area. But when Yabe's mother Tami  impulsively asks Noriko to marry Kenkichi and follow them in their northward resettlement, Noriko agrees. When Noriko reveals her decision to her family, the Mamiyas are quietly devastated. They hint to her that the match is a poor one. When Noriko persists the family is forced to live with their disappointment. The family gradually accepts Noriko's choice with quiet resignation and before Noriko moves on, the family has a last photoshoot together. Noriko's parents console themselves that Noriko and Kenkichi will move back to Tokyo in a few years' time, and the family will be reunited. Meanwhile, the parents shall move to a rural region to stay with Noriko's elderly uncle. In the final scene of the film a bride passes down the country road in her traditional costume and Noriko's parents reflect on the impermanent nature of life. The final shot is of a barley field ripening, which signifies the season the film is set in, early summer. The Japanese name of the film in fact means, Barley Harvest Time."] ["Ayako Murai  is a young woman working as a telephone operator in 1930's Osaka. In order to pay the debts of her father, unemployed and threatened with arrest after embezzling ¥300, she agrees to become the mistress of her employer Mr. Asai. After paying her father's debts she then continues working as a mistress, this time for another workplace admirer, Mr Fujino, in an attempt to help pay her brother Hiroshi's university tuition fees. When she attempts to fool Mr Fujino into giving her extra money, so she can marry her boyfriend Nishimura, he calls the police and she is arrested for soliciting. Upon her return home she is ostracised by her family and her boyfriend and forced to leave home."] ["Set in Concord, Massachusetts during and after the American Civil War, the film is a series of vignettes focusing on the struggles and adventures of the four March sisters and their mother, affectionately known as Marmee , as they await the return of their father, who is fighting with the Union Army. Spirited tomboy Jo , who caters to the whims of their well-to-do Aunt March , dreams of becoming a famous author and writes plays for her sisters to perform for the local children. Amy  is pretty but selfish, Meg  works as a seamstress, and sensitive Beth  practices on her clavichord, an aging instrument sorely in need of tuning. The girls meet Laurie , who has come to live with his grandfather Mr. Laurence , the Marches' wealthy next-door neighbor. The Laurences invite them to a lavish party, where Meg meets Laurie's tutor, John Brooke . During the course of the next several months, Meg is courted by John, Jo has her first short story published, and Beth frequently takes advantage of Mr. Laurence's offer and practices on his piano. Marmee learns her husband has been wounded and is recuperating in a Washington, DC hospital, so she leaves home to care for him. During her absence, Beth contracts scarlet fever from a neighbor's baby. She recovers but is left in a weakened state. Her parents return, and Meg marries John. Laurie confesses his love to Jo, who rejects him. When he snubs her in return, Jo moves to a New York City boarding house to pursue her writing career. There she meets Professor Bhaer , an impoverished German linguist. With his help and encouragement, Jo improves her writing and resolves her confused feelings about Laurie. A debilitated Beth nears death, and Jo returns to Concord. After her sister dies, Jo learns that Amy, who accompanied Aunt March to Europe, has fallen in love with Laurie. Jo then accepts the proposal of marriage offered by the professor, and Amy and Laurie eventually wed as well."] ['The story focuses on the Magrath sisters - Meg, Babe, and Lenny - who reunite at the family home in Hazlehurst, Mississippi after Babe shoots her abusive husband. The three were raised by Old Granddaddy after their mother hanged herself and the family cat and have been eccentric ever since. Lenny is a wallflower who bemoans her shriveled ovary. Egocentric Meg is a singer whose Hollywood career ended abruptly when she suffered a nervous breakdown. Unruly and impulsive Babe shocks her sisters with stories about her affair with a teenaged black boy. Past resentments bubble to the surface as the women are forced to deal with assorted relatives and previous relationships while coping with the latest incident that has disrupted their dysfunctional lives.'] ['The Pellas are magnates who face financial ruin. Desperate to conceal the dire straits they are in and maintain their social status, they plan to marry their beautiful daughter Chloe off to a wealthy, dull middle-aged man. Caught between caring for her family and her doomed love for her young but poor boyfriend, Chloe flees to her retired nanny.'] ['Sorrowful Jones  is a gloomy, cantankerous bookie circa 1934, who is confronted by a gambler who cannot pay a $10 debt. He ultimately gives his 6-year-old daughter  to Sorrowful\'s gangster-run gambling operation as a "marker"  for a bet. When the desperate gambler loses his bet and commits suicide, the gangsters are left with the "Kid" on their hands. Sorrowful\'s nervous assistant, Regret , is concerned about the legalities of this, particularly the kidnapping statutes. In the interim, a crime boss named Blackie  coerces his longtime rival Sorrowful into financing a new gambling joint. The casino is opened in the stately home of Blackie\'s girlfriend, widowed Amanda Worthington , who needs money to buy back her family property. Amanda is also counting on a racehorse of hers called Sir Galahad to ride to her rescue. While the Kid\'s personal needs inconvenience Sorrowful, a father-daughter relationship develops between them and they become inseparable. Amanda also takes a liking to the Kid, and reluctantly, the icy Sorrowful, who eventually comes to love her as well—much to Blackie\'s chagrin.'] ["In the summer of 1946, Alec Ramsay  is traveling aboard the steamer Drake off the coast of North Africa, when he sees a wild black stallion being heavily restrained by ropes leading to his halter and forced into a makeshift stable on the ship. Captivated by the sight of the animal, he later returns and feeds it some sugar cubes, but is caught by the supposed owner, who shoves him away, telling him in Arabic to stay away from Shetan . Later, in their stateroom, Alec's father shows him the objects he won in a card game. He gives him a pocket knife and a small statue of Bucephalus, Alexander the Great's horse, from the loot and tells him the story of how Alexander became Bucephalus' master. Later that night, he is thrown from his bunk by the violent rocking of the ship. Emerging on deck, he finds that it has caught fire and is sinking. In the chaos, he sees the black stallion trapped and manages to free him with his knife. It then jumps overboard into the sea. Alec himself is thrown overboard. Trying to stay afloat in the water, he swims toward the horse and manages to grab hold of its restraints just as the ship explodes. Alec awakens alone on the shore of an uninhabited island. At first he is sad and frightened. Exploring, he comes upon the horse, trapped again by his ropes which have become caught in some rocks. Once more he manages to free it, but it runs away. He discovers means to survive by catching fish and gathering seaweed. One morning he awakens to find himself eye to eye with an angry cobra. He is paralyzed with fear. Suddenly the horse appears and tramples it, saving his life. It then runs off again. Alec decides to try to get closer to the horse. He offers him some seaweed. It struggles with his distrust of humans, but the act of taking the food from the boy's hand seals the bond between them. They play together, running and swimming. Finally he mounts him, and after several attempts to stay on, he rides him and the two gallop together over the island, united as one. One day a Portuguese fishing ship arrives. Several men row a small boat to the island, and Alec calls out to them. They try to take him forcibly off the island without the horse. But it swims out into the ocean and follows them, and so both of them are taken onto the ship and rescued. Back home in America, Alec is given a hero's welcome. He keeps the horse, which he has named The Black, in his backyard, but one morning he runs out the gate which a garbage man has left open. Spooked by the traffic in the street, he flees through the town. Alec gives chase but finally loses track of him. The next day, he meets an elderly horse owner named Snoe  who tells him where The Black is. He finds him in the barn of Henry Dailey , a retired jockey. He vigorously asserts his ownership of him, but Henry attempts to claim him himself, having spent all night trying to catch him. But when he sees the bond between the two, he realizes that he really does belong to Alec. Eating breakfast in Henry's kitchen, Alec looks out the window to where The Black is standing and realizes that he is at home on the farm. Henry offers Alec the use of a stall in which to keep him. Later Alec wonders how fast The Black might be, and he and Henry decide to train him for the racetrack. Henry teaches Alec to be a jockey. The Black surprises him with his speed. He conceives a plan to get him into a race involving the country's two current champions. He sets up a secret demonstration at night for a reporter to witness his speed, keeping the identity of him and Alec secret. The news about the mystery horse has spread, and he is allowed to enter the race. Alec's mother  at first refuses to let him ride in it but then relents, seeing how important it is to him. The race is the most anticipated horse racing event of the year. Heading for the starting gate alongside the two champions, The Black gets into a fight with one of his opponents, sustaining a wound to his leg. Alec does not see it until he is in the gate. As he begins to dismount, the bell rings and the horses take off. He desperately tries to stay on The Black and stop him, but he keeps running. When Alec regains his balance, The Black is far behind his opponents. But he encourages him to run as fast as he can, and they are soon back in the race. As they head for the finish, he thinks back to the two of them galloping along the island's sandy beach, and The Black overtakes the other horses and wins by two lengths. Later, a veterinarian assures Alec that the horse will recover from his injury. The film ends with Alec holding the small statue of Bucephalus while The Black inspects it with curiosity."] ['Karchy Jonas  is a 17-year-old high-school student  trying to find his way in the world. He meets radio personality Billy Magic  who takes him under his wing. However, authorities are after Billy for accepting payola from record companies to give their songs air time. It is a semi-autobiographical tale from Joe Eszterhas.'] ['The film commences in 1890 in the small town of Kings Row, focusing on five children. They are Parris Mitchell , who lives with his grandmother ; Cassandra Tower , daughter of Dr. Alexander Tower ; the wealthy orphan Drake McHugh ; Louise Gordon , daughter of the sadistic town physician Dr. Henry Gordon , who has been known to perform operations without anesthetic; and the tomboy Randy Monaghan , whose father  is a railroad worker.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-03-24 |workTurner Classic Movies }}  Parris is attracted to Cassandra, whom the other children avoid because her family is "strange": her mother is confined to the house and never seen. Dr. Tower takes Cassie out of school and Parris does not see her again until years later, when he begins his medical studies under Dr. Tower\'s tutelage. The next day, Parris learns that Dr. Tower has poisoned Cassie and shot himself and has left his estate to him. He learns from Dr. Tower\'s notebook that he killed Cassie because he believed he saw early signs that she might go insane like her mother, and he wanted to prevent Parris from ruining his life by marrying her, just as Tower\'s life had been ruined by marrying Cassie\'s mother. Parris returns to Kings Row and decides to remain there, when he learns that Dr. Gordon has died, leaving the town with no doctor. Louise reveals that her father amputated Drake\'s legs, unnecessarily, because he hated Drake and thought it was his duty to punish wickedness. Parris at first wishes to withhold the truth from Drake, fearing it will destroy his fragile recovery. He considers confining Louise to a mental institution, even though she is not insane, to prevent the truth from being revealed to Drake and other victims of her father. But instead, persuaded by his new friend Elise  to treat Drake like any other patient rather than his best friend, he tells Drake what happened. Drake reacts with defiance and summons a renewed will to live instead of the deep clinical depression Parris had feared. Parris is now free to marry Elise, having helped his old friend return to a productive life.'] ['Set in modern-day San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, the film begins with rebellious teenager October "Tobe" , going for a walk with her younger brother, Lonnie . The next day, Tobe goes to the beach with friends and when they stop for gasoline they are assisted by Harlan , a young man, though much older than Tobe - who affects a folksy, cowboy style. Tobe invites much-older Harlan to the beach. He accepts, which results in him losing his job. While at the beach, they share a passionate kiss. Afterwards, Tobe goes to his house and engages in sexual activities with Harlan. He then decides to take her on a real date which involves him and Tobe taking Lonnie to get something to eat. Later on that night they go on their "real" date dancing then later meeting up with Tobe\'s friends for another party. That is when he takes drugs under the influence of Tobe. She returns home the next day; as she has returned home long after she was expected, Wade, her father, becomes enraged and she retreats to her room. He attempts to talk with her, and when she refuses to open the door, he pounds on the door and leaves visible damage. Tobe continues to see Harlan. Her father\'s rage increases, and he manages to shatter her bedroom window. The romantically involved couple ride a horse that supposedly belongs to one of Harlan\'s friends named Charlie. Upon returning, Charlie  claims he has never met Harlan and that the horse was stolen. The couple are held in police custody until Wade comes to pick up Tobe. She tells Harlan that they should no longer see each other. Harlan, however, is persistent. He takes out Lonnie to shoot guns without Wade\'s permission and is confronted by Lonnie\'s father, who is armed, ordering Harlan to leave his children alone. Harlan is evicted from his apartment after shooting at his reflection in a mirror, imagining a Wild West style "shoot-out" scene. It is made clear at this point that he is, to some degree, mentally unstable or delusional. After an awkward incident at a local synagogue, where he is abruptly ushered out, he breaks into what is presumably the house of his father or foster father, who is revealed to be a Hasidic Jew. He leaves the letter he has been narrating throughout the movie after taking multiple Jewish memorabilia, and the contents of a box, in a closet, inscribed with his name. He breaks into Tobe\'s house and packs a bag so that they can run away. When Tobe comes home to find him, she is dumbfounded, happy to see him at first, but slowly realizes he is deranged and tells him she doesn\'t want to leave her family and that he should go. At that point, she says "What\'s wrong with you?!", then he replies with the same and Harlan shoots her in the stomach, probably because he is used to saying that to his mirror and shooting. When Tobe\'s father returns home to find Tobe alone on her bed, barely alive, he suspects Harlan, who has failed in an attempt at calling 9-1-1 and run away. Wade rushes his wounded daughter to the hospital, where she is attached to a breathing machine and remains in a coma. Harlan, who is covered in Tobe\'s blood, then shoots himself in the side to conceal Tobe\'s blood and also make it look like it was Wade who had shot Tobe and then shot at him. He finds Lonnie and talks him into going away. He convinces Lonnie that it was really Wade who shot Tobe, and that Harlan was wounded while trying to stop him. Tobe regains consciousness at the hospital and Wade realizes that Lonnie has been taken by Harlan. He pursues them. At night while Harlan and Lonnie are by a fire, Wade, Charlie and a detective named Sheridan arrive. Harlan shoots Charlie before riding off with Lonnie. They stumble upon a Western motion picture set where filming has just begun. Wade and Sheridan arrive with two more cops. During the shootout Harlan guns down detective Sheridan and one of the cops. Harlan and Lonnie escape to a construction site, where Wade finds them and another shootout ensues. Wade shoots Harlan to death to the horror of Lonnie. Later,Tobe and Lonnie are driven by Wade to a place where Tobe and Harlan had a pleasant day. Tobe is holding a box that contains her former lover\'s ashes. Her brother asks her what they should say about him. She replies, "Don\'t say anything, just think it," and scatters the ashes.'] ["Father Jonathan Keene comes to a small fishing village a week before Christmas to shut down a dying parish. But when he encounters the lives of the people who populate this village, Keene undergoes a transformation of the heart, which culminates with a revelation of Keene's secret past at the town's legendary Mrs. Worthington's Christmas Party."] ["Alice McKinley  is an 11-year-old girl who is facing many challenges. Her mother Marie died when she was young, so she never really got to know her. She lives with her brother Lester  and her father, Ben . Then they move to a new house, and the neighbors Elizabeth  and her mother introduce themselves. The next day Alice goes to school with Elizabeth, and tells her she's really nervous. She runs into a guy Patrick  whom she accidentally walked in on. They line up to find their teachers, and Alice really hopes she's in Miss Cole's  class. But instead she winds up with the evil Mrs. Plotkin  who gives her a hard time. Alice tries out for a play Miss. Cole's class is directing, and really wants the princess role. But she can't really sing that well, and her arch rival Pamela  gets the part instead. And Alice lands the role of a frog. Pamela hasn't been very nice to Alice ever since she came to school. Such as telling her secret about Patrick, and trying to steal Elizabeth away, and embarrassing Alice at a restaurant. Alice tells her dad and brother about it, but they tell her that she could never really sing. Her dad opens a new shop, and Alice tries to hook her dad and Miss Cole up, but her dad says she is too young for him. Then her dad starts dating a new girl, Kelly, and Alice is afraid her father will marry her. On top on that, Alice sneaks downstairs one night and see her father and Kelly kissing, and it really hurts her. Their father's sister, Aunt Sally  and her husband come to visit. Their father finds Aunt Sally tedious, because she thinks they can't take care of themselves. As they're preparing, Alice finds a video of her mother, and later watches the video. But her father reprimands her, saying that those videos were private. Back at school, Alice slowly begins to bond with Mrs. Plotkin, and finds that she isn't the witch everyone thinks she is. And she finds out that Miss Cole isn't the all-together person she appears to be, and finds it's all an illusion. The night of the play, Alice accidentally tears down the set, and everyone is upset at her, even Miss Cole. They tell her to leave, but Mrs. Plotkin is right there to help her though. After the play, everyone apologizes, even Pamela. At the end of the movie, Pamela and Alice are friends, Patrick asks Alice out, which leads to her having a daydream about her and Patrick kissing, and Lester is seen playing with his band, the Naked Nomads."] ['Single mother Esma lives with her 12-year-old daughter, Sara, in post-war Sarajevo. Sara wants to go on a school trip and Esma starts working as a waitress in a nightclub in order to earn the money. Sara makes friends with Samir, who, like Sara, has no father. Both of their fathers allegedly died as war heroes. Samir is surprised that Sara doesn’t know the circumstances of her father’s death. Samir’s own father was massacred by Chetniks near Žuč when he refused to leave the trench he was defending. And yet, whenever mother and daughter discuss this delicate topic, Esma’s responses are always vague. The situation becomes more complicated when the school offers to take pupils on the trip free of charge, provided they can furnish a certificate proving that they are the offspring of a war hero. Esma explains to Sara that her father’s corpse was never found and that she does not possess such a certificate. She promises to try to obtain the document. In reality she attempts to borrow the money Sara needs – from her friend, Sabina, from her aunt and from her boss. Sara can’t get rid of the nagging feeling that something’s not right. Shocked and bewildered when she discovers she is not mentioned as the child of a war hero on the list of pupils on the school trip, she lashes out at a classmate, explaining that her father was massacred on the front near Žuč when he refused to desert his trench. At home, however, she confronts her mother, demanding to know the truth. Esma breaks down and brutally reveals the painful facts: Esma was raped in a prisoner camp and forced to have the child that resulted from this violation. All at once, Sara realises that she is the child of a Chetnik. And yet, the knowledge also brings them a step closer to overcoming the trauma. In the end Sara leaves for a school trip, waving to Esma at the last moment. In the bus children are singing a popular song about Sarajevo , and in the end Sara joins as well, and thus ends the film on a bright and optimistic note.'] ["Annecy is no tourist destination for three working-class brothers and their father, in the months after their mother has died. Marc  is deeply troubled: he tries to stiff drug dealers and then plots revenge. Christophe  is released from jail, lands a job, and must overcome various temptations in order to keep it. Olivier , nearing 18, may be falling in love with Hicham , a young man who constantly practices capoeira on the shores of the lake. Both violence and fraternity are close to the surface of most interactions. How each brother emerges from his challenge comprises the film's drama. The film discusses about how these men can form a family."] ["The Whales of August tells the story of two elderly widowed sisters near the end of their lives, spending a summer in a seaside house in Maine. The surroundings cause them to recall their relationship as young women, and the summers they had enjoyed there in the past. They reflect on the passage of time, and the bitterness, jealousies and misunderstandings that slowly festered over the years and kept them from establishing a true closeness in their relationship. Libby, played by Davis, is the more infirm of the two sisters, and her nature has become bitter and cold as a result. Sarah, played by Gish, is a softer and more tolerant character, intent on nursing her sister through her discomfort and trying to breach the gulf that has grown between them. The resentment that Libby so clearly displays to her stifles Sarah's every attempt at making a friendly overture towards her, and Sarah cautiously retreats from her. Maranov  is a fisherman who provides a romantic interest for Sarah, and helps her to recall the happiness of her youth, while also reminding her of the marriage and husband that she has lost. Tisha  is a vivacious lifelong friend who provides common sense, fun and laughter, and is the catalyst for some of the sisters' conversations and revelations. In flashbacks, actresses Margaret Ladd, Mary Steenburgen and Tisha Sterling  play respectively Libby, Sarah, and Tisha as young women."] ['Gabriel  is a man who, on the surface, has it all - successful professional life as an architect, a beautiful wife, and a devoted young daughter. But slowly it dawns on him that he is not really happy. Gabriel decides that he wants to write a play about the sorry state of his life. After being fired from his job, he gets a pushy literary agent friend to represent him and starts writing. The changes that occur in his life after this leads him to further question what makes him happy. Indeed, the sun will come out, tomorrow.Multiple Sarcasms  - Plot summary'] ["The film centers around an Italian American family of four sisters  who reside in Philadelphia. After their father's death, in trying to convince their mother  that her life is still worth living, each sister grapples with her own ideas on love, faith, and ultimately, the meaning of life."] ['Early 20th Century Europe was a time and place rife with conflicting forces, from the battlefields of World War I to the peaceful countryside of rural England. Scientific advancements such as electric light and photography appeared magical to some; spiritualism was championed by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle while his friend Harry Houdini decried false mediums who prey upon grieving families. J.M. Barrie\'s Peter Pan charmed theatergoers of all ages. Young Frances Griffiths, whose father is missing in action, arrives by train to stay with her cousin Elsie Wright in rural Yorkshire. Polly Wright, Elsie\'s mother, is deep in mourning for her son Joseph, a gifted artist who died at the age of ten, and keeps Joseph\'s room and art works intact. Elsie is not allowed to wear colors, or to play with his toys, but has taken the unfinished fairy-house he built up to her garret bedroom where her doting father, Arthur, regales her with fairy tales. He is a bit of a local wunderkind, responsible for the electrification of the local mill, where children as young as Elsie go to work. He is also an amateur photographer and chess player. When Frances arrives she and Elsie discover a shared fascination with fairies, who they find down at the "beck", a nearby brook. They abscond with Arthur\'s camera one afternoon to take pictures of the fairies, hoping to give Polly something to believe in. When she comes home after attending a meeting of the Theosophical Society, where she hears stories of angels and all sorts of otherwordly beings, she finds Arthur reviewing the prints in disbelief, but she thinks they are real. She takes them to Theosophist lecturer E.L. Gardner, who has them analyzed by a professional and then brings them to the attention of Sir Arthur Conan-Doyle. The photos are pronounced genuine, or at least devoid of tricks No one except Houdini believes that young children could be capable of photographic fraud, and Conan-Doyle himself arrives at the girls\' home with Houdini, Gardner and two new cameras. Arthur catches Houdini poking around and tells him point-blank that he doesn\'t believe that the fairies are real, but that no trickery took place in his darkroom either. Abetted by the buffoonish Gardner, Elsie and Frances soon come up with two more photos and Conan-Doyle has the story published in The Strand Magazine, promising everyone\'s names will be changed. But a newsman soon identifies the beck near Cottingley, tracing the girls through the local school and besieging the family. Hundreds of people invade the village in automobiles and on foot, and the fairies flee the mob. By way of apology to the fairies, the girls finish Joseph\'s fairy-house and leave it in the forest as a gift. The girls are invited to London by Conan-Doyle, where they embrace their celebrity and see Houdini perform. In a quiet moment backstage Houdini asks Elsie if she wants to know how he does his tricks, and she wisely declines. And when a reporter asks, he declaims, "Masters of illusion never reveal their secrets!" Back in Yorkshire, while the girls and Polly are away, Arthur has a chess match with a local champion reputed to be mute, and the newsman breaks into their house. He discovers a cache of paper dolls in the form of fairies in a portfolio in Joseph\'s room, but is spooked when he thinks he sees the ghost of a young boy, and he flees without the evidence. Arthur wins his match, wringing a shout from his opponent, and another myth is debunked. The children return home, and the fairies soon after, and finally, Frances\' father returns as well.'] ["Shirley Blake  and her mother Mary ([[Lois Wilson , a maid, live in the home of her employers, the rich and mean-spirited Smythe family, Anita , J. Wellington , and Joy . Shirley's aviator father died in an airplane crash before the film opens, and she now spends most of her time at the Glendale, California airport with her godfather, bachelor pilot James 'Loop' Merritt ([[James Dunn , and his dog Rags.Rags is played by Terry, a female Cairn Terrier, who, in 1939, would portray Toto in MGM's The Wizard of Oz. When Mary is killed in a traffic accident, the Smythes make plans to send Shirley to an orphanage. However, Uncle Ned , the cranky, wheelchair-bound patriarch of the family, is fond of little 'Bright Eyes'  and insists that she remain in the house. His relatives grudgingly comply with his wishes, although they make her feel unwelcome. A custody battle for her ensues between Loop and Uncle Ned. The impasse is resolved when Loop, his fiancee Adele , Uncle Ned, and Shirley all decide to live together."] ["On the anniversary of their mother's death, three sisters in contemporary Hanoi meet to prepare a memorial banquet. After the banquet, the calm exteriors of the sisters' lives begin to give way to more turbulent truths, which will affect their seemingly idyllic relationships. The eldest sister has a small boy nicknamed Little Mouse, and botanical photographer husband Quoc, who is prone to long absences from home. The middle sister has recently discovered that she is pregnant to her husband Kien, who is a writer suffering from writer's block. The flirtatious youngest sister constantly fantasises about being pregnant, and lives with her brother Hai, for whom she has a deep affection. With the brilliant Vietnamese summer as a setting Vertical Ray of the Sun is beautiful from beginning to end, a charming, slow-paced, face value, family saga film."] ["This film is about the issues like male chauvinist protagonism, extramarital affairs, and spousal abuse. It is about a woman trying to find a separate identity outside her marriage. It is 1997. Malhar Kamat , an old musician and music teacher, is dying. He prepares his will where he leaves his entire jaydad  &mdash; comprising a haveli , {{convert}} of land, 1400&nbsp;grams gold and about 8 lakh rupees &mdash; to Aditi Shrikant Pandit ([[Tabu . Upon his death two years later, the will is delivered to Aditi. When the will reaches Aditi in Pune, she is in the midst of an impromptu lunch party occasioned by the arrival of Dr. Ravi Bapat  and his wife Meghna . Ravi is a very close friend of Aditi's husband, Shrikant Pandit . Aditi's son Aniket  introduces his girlfriend and would-be wife Revati . Shrikant opens the certified letter package with the will even though it is addressed to Aditi, much to Meghna's chagrin and Ravi's surprise. Shrikant is intrigued and decides to consult his daily diaries where he has chronicled the events of his daily life. Shrikant realizes that he overlooked certain things anybody else could have easily noticed. He understands that 25 years ago Aditi could not have possibly been pregnant, at least not from him. He shows her the diary, confronts her with the facts and demands explanation. In a flashback Shrikant is an up-and-coming star at a firm, seeking to break out onto his own. His work keeps him traveling almost constantly. This leaves his newlywed wife Aditi lonely and frustrated. When she asks him to let her work someplace , he takes it as an insult and rebuffs her saying no woman in his family has ever worked outside the home and that he earns enough for them to live comfortably. He suggests  that she take up music. The music teacher is Malhar Kamat. Shrikant continues his unending travels all over the world, although he makes it clear to Malhar that music will not be anything more than a hobby for Aditi. Aditi's sister Sudha  and her husband come to live with Aditi. Their constant lovemaking further deepens Aditi's feelings of yearning and abandonment. And one spring afternoon, as Malhar breaks into his new ghazal in the rain, Aditi's resolve is broken under the influence of the season. Malhar returns a couple of days later, and Aditi asks him to leave. Aditi has missed a period. Sudha learns this and advises her to do something. When Shrikant returns, Aditi breaks down and tries to tell him the truth about her pregnancy. But Shrikant is doubly elated, having won the first major contract for his own firm and, hearing of his imminent fatherhood, and breaks out into celebrations without letting Aditi complete her story. As the story comes back to present time, Shrikant punishes Aditi by making her tell the truth in front of Aniket, Ravi and Meghna. Meghna loathes Shrikant, since she suffered spousal abuse from her drunkard husband before divorcing him and marrying Ravi. Aniket is disgusted with his mother after knowing the truth of his existence. Shrikant decides that he will live with Aditi, but any spousal relationship between them will not exist. After Revati knows the truth, she breaks the engagement, not because of the truth, but because she realizes that Aniket is no different than the man whom he considered his father till now. Meghna decides to take Aditi to Goa with her, but Aditi declines. She walks out of the house with Revati. The movie ends with Revati and Aditi walking out the house and on the road, whilst Shri and Aniket stand in the doorway, watching them go. The denouement captures the essence of astitva.{{cite web}}"] ["When the Donovan family moves from California to Connecticut, 17-year-old Sydney  finds it's not easy being in a new town away from her old friends, but her 12-year-old genius brother Willie  is happy as long as he can tinker in his lab with his increasingly complex experiments. Willie is convinced he can defeat the aging process, and while devising an experimental anti-aging formula, he accidentally spills some on a bar of soap. When his grandmother Cat  mistakenly uses the tainted soap, she's transformed into a 17-year-old . Her ex husband Gene  follows suit, and is also returned to his teenaged self ([[Mark Taylor . Cat and Gene are having a fine time reliving their youth and enjoying the thrill of teenage romance, but there's a fly in the ointment—Willie learns his formula could have deadly side effects, and now he must discover an antidote to return his grandparents to their older but healthy bodies. At the end of the movie Gene asks Cat to marry him again after their crazy experience. Cat says yes. The film was edited, cutting several scenes, to be viewed on the Disney Channel."] ['Ana, a young foreign governess, arrives to an isolated country estate in arid region of Castile, near Madrid. She has come to take charge of three little girls whose mother, Luchy, greets Ana upon arrival. While Ana is unpacking, José, an uncle of the girls, introduces himself as the voice of order and authority in the family. In case Ana runs into any problem she must go to him, he explains. A family dinner that evening allows Ana to meet her eccentric employers. The family consists of three middle age brothers , their ailing mother, Mama; Luchy, Juan’s wife, and the couple’s three daughters: Carlota, Victoria and Natalia. At night, Natalia wakes up screaming after a nightmare. Juan, the father of the three girls, lusting over Ana, takes advantage of the situation to enter her bedroom. Firmly but politely, she rejects his sexual advances. Dominated by an uncontrollable sex drive, the rejected Juan looks for consolation with Amparo, one of the maids. Surprisingly, Ana starts receiving erotic letters signed by a secret admirer who desires to be with her. They are delivered with rare postage from distance places each of them increasingly closer. José explains to Ana that he has not only opened and read those letter, but that he knows who has been sending them. Juan, he tells her, has been writing those letters using the family valuable collection of stamps to deceive her. José has set up a small museum of military dress in his study and he offers Ana his protection and some economical compensation if she takes care of the uniforms. Fernando, the most subdued of the three brothers, has moved out of the main house to establish his residence in a nearby cave where he practices mystical incantations in an effort to levitate. Fernando intrigues Ana the most. She is both appalled by him and attracted to his way of life, as if understanding why he wants to escape from the world Between bouts of epilepsy and gout, Mama remains the protectress of the family unit. When she and Ana engage in direct dialogue, the old dowager gives Ana a bit of the background of the three sons as she shows the governess their childhood clothing she has saved for years. “ You must be understanding with them” mama tells her, as Ana becomes interested in the absurdity of what has been happening. Ana now actively leads the three brothers on, playing to the fantasy life of each of the three men, at times, outwardly mocking them. Recruited to help José with his museum when he shots a flying bird to scare her, Ana is bemused and gives him a medal as a reward. Juan is so obsessed with Ana that at one point he sneaks into her bedroom to brush his teeth with her toothbrush. She is bemused by his antics. To embarrass him she makes him open and read out loud one of the letters. Later on she kisses him and asks him if he is willing to leave his wife for her. When he says yes, she scares him with calling his wife. Only with Fernando does Ana develop a more intimate, although still platonic relationship. The entire family goes to see Fernando at his cave. They are worried because he has refused to eat. Jose’s forces some food into his mouth, that later Ana retrieves, realizing that he has not swallowed it. The three girls looking for a missing doll find it finally buried in mud and with the hair cut off. The girls blamed the wolves. Ana reports the incident to Juan who explains that Fernando, who has fetish for hair, is the culprit. The presence of Ana becomes disturbing in that house to the extent that Luchy, Juan’s wife wants to kill herself. When it becomes apparent that Ana has been leading her sons on sowing doubts in their thinking and endangering the unity of the family, mama orders that she be dismissed. The three brothers waylay her on the road as she leaves the state. The three assault Anna. Forcing her to the ground, Fernando cuts off her hair; Juan rapes her; and José takes a pistol to her head and shoots her. The final freeze-frame is of Ana’s agonized face in gruesome close up.'] ['Little Fish is about Tracy Heart , a former heroin addict who is desperately trying to escape her past and achieve her goals and dreams. Tracy lives with her mother  and brother in "little Saigon" area  in Sydney, Australia, where heroin is readily available. She is in need of money to become a partner in the video store that she works in, but her loan applications are repeatedly rejected by finance providers, as a result of her past criminal record, poor repayments of credit card debt, history of drug use and lack of collateral. Tracy lies to both her mother and her boss at the video store, pretending she has gotten the loan. This is one of the recurring themes of the movie, the casual ways people lie to each other for convenience. Tracy is trying to help her drug addicted stepfather and former AFL star Lionel  to kick his heroin addiction. After a four year absence in Vancouver, her former boyfriend Jonny Nguyen , also a former heroin addict, has come back into her life. Jonny, who now dresses in business suits, claims to have employment as a stockbroker at a large firm and suggests he may be able to obtain the money Tracy desires through share trading. The romance between Tracy and Jonny is rekindled. Upon visiting Jonny\'s alleged workplace, Tracy discovers Jonny has lied to her and is not in fact employed as a stockbroker. Jonny has become involved in a drug deal with her brother Ray and Tracy also chooses to become involved in the deal as she sees this as the only means of providing the finance she needs to become a partner in the video store. Tracy, Ray and Jonny set out to execute the deal, which ends in tragedy. Tracy\'s courage and deep love for those she cares about are notable in the climactic scenes of the film.'] [' Schoolgirl Shizuku Tsukishima lives in Tokyo, Japan with her parents Asako and Seiya. She is a bookworm and is keen on writing. One evening, she looks through the checkout cards in her library books. She notices they have all been checked out by the same person - someone named Seiji Amasawa. Over the next few days, Shizuku encounters a tall, annoying boy. Shizuku finds a cat riding a train and follows it, discovering an antique shop run by Shiro Nishi. At the shop is a cat statuette, "The Baron." The tall boy is the grandson of Nishi. Shizuku\'s friend Yuko Harada is interested in Sugimura, a sports-playing boy in the same class as the girls. Sugimura inadvertently upsets Yuko, as he has no idea Yuko likes him. Later, Shizuku and Sugimura have a falling out; Sugimura reveals that he likes Shizuku, but it is impossible, as Yuko is Shizuku\'s best friend. Shizuku goes into depression and heads to the antique shop. While there, she sings Take Me Home, Country Roads accompanied by the tall boy and Shiro, and discovers that the tall boy and Seiji Amasawa are the same person. Shizuku and Seiji become close. However, Seiji is learning to make violins to follow his dream as a master luthier. Days after the two meet, Seiji leaves for Cremona, Italy, for a two month trial with a master violin-maker. Devastated but resolute, Shizuku wants to test her talents as well. Discussing with Yuko, she decides to pursue her writing seriously during the two months. She asks Nishi if she can write about The Baron, which once had a female companion statuette, Louise. As Shizuku begins to tell her story while walking home, she dreams of a fantasy sequence featuring The Baron. Devoting her time to her writing, Shizuku eats snack food, stays up until 4:00 a.m., and her school grades drop. The next fantasy sequence depicts Shizuku dreaming about Louise and the arrival of the fairytale\'s villain. Shizuku, her older sister Shiho, and Seiya and Asako argue over Shizuku\'s grades. Shizuku dreams the third and last part of her story; however, it turns into a nightmare. Meanwhile, Nishi dreams about the lost love of his youth arriving at his door. As the dream finishes, Shizuku arrives at his door. With her story complete, Shizuku delivers the manuscript to Nishi. After Nishi reads Shizuku\'s writing, she breaks down in tears. Consoling her with noodles, Nishi explains that Seiji needed considerably more noodles after Seiji made his first violin. Nishi reveals to Shizuku that he and his first love, Louise, were students in Germany; they discovered the cat statuettes in a cafe. The two young people and the two cat statuettes were separated during World War II. Deciding she wants to attend high school to learn more about writing, Nishi drives Shizuku home and she tells Asako her trials are over "for now." The next morning, she discovers Seiji below on his bicycle. He has returned a day early, and he is truly going to go to Cremona to become a luthier. They ride his bike to a lookout and watch the sun rise over the city, where Seiji proposes future marriage to Shizuku and profess his love for her to which she happily accepts.'] ['A heart-warming tale of a mentally challenged young man named Todd McCray ([[Noel Fisher  living with his parents in the rural midwest. The story takes place over a two-week period over the Christmas holidays when the local animal shelter launches an "Adopt a dog for Christmas" program. Todd\'s unconditional love for animals enables him to embark on an endeavour to ensure that as many dogs as possible get adopted by the local community. One dog in particular has grabbed Todd\'s heart and through intermittent flashbacks, viewers slowly discover the reasons for his father\'s reluctance to fully support Todd\'s efforts.'] ['Red Doors tells the story of the Wongs, a bizarrely dysfunctional Chinese-American family living in the New York suburbs. Ed Wong  has just retired and plots to escape his mundane life. However, the tumultuous, madcap lives of his three rebellious daughters change his plans. Samantha , the eldest daughter, is a tough New York businesswoman engaged to a prominent young man . Festering beneath her controlled surface, however, is a deep-rooted resentment for being pushed onto the straight and narrow path. As she nears her thirtieth birthday, Samantha begins to reevaluate her career and love life. When she runs into an old high school flame  during a visit to her hometown, Samantha is thrust into a soul-searching journey that compels her to reexamine how she has lived her life until now. Julie , the shy middle sister, is a fourth-year medical student whose only social outlet is her weekly ballroom dance class. Julie has always been the quiet center of the Wong family storm. However, Julie’s world is turned upside down when she meets Mia Scarlett , a lesbian movie star researching her next role at the hospital, who sets Julie’s heart aflame. While Julie grapples with the difficulties of dating a celebrity, she also tries to keep her own family from falling apart. Katie , the youngest sister, is a disaffected high school senior who engages in an elaborate prank war with Simon , her longtime neighbor and nemesis. While the pranks start out innocuously, the incidents rapidly escalate to dangerous proportions until the two finally discover their own peculiar brand of emotional connection. Before Ed disappears, he decides to re-visit his history through old VHS footage of the Wong family . The stark contrast between the happier past and the colder reality of the present compel Ed to leave home. Yet, while the Wongs may no longer be able to verbally express their feelings, Ed and the daughters learn to communicate again through the stories and images from the past. The plot follows the stories of each member of the family.'] ['Zaza  is a 31-year-old Georgian-Israeli PhD student at Tel Aviv University whose family is trying to arrange a marriage for him within the Georgian community. The film\'s beginning sees Zaza and his parents Yasha and Lili visiting the home of a possible match, who is still in high school. Zaza is clearly unenthusiastic and it is mentioned that he has seen dozens of prospective brides before this. After dropping his parents off at their apartment building, Zaza drives to a pay phone and calls his girlfriend Judith , a 34-year-old Moroccan-Israeli divorcée who he is dating without his parents\' knowledge. After Judith\'s daughter Madona has gone to bed , Zaza goes to her apartment and they have sex, in an explicit, naturalistic sequence.<ref namehttp://nymag.com/nymetro/movies/reviews/6033/|titleRainer|first27 May 2002|work1 December 2009}} Meanwhile, Zaza\'s parents find that they have left their housekey in Zaza\'s car and spend the night at the home of relatives Simon and Margalit. When Zaza doesn\'t answer repeated phone calls during the night, Yasha concludes that he is with Judith; apparently Yasha was aware of the relationship but Zaza had promised him that he would end it. Judith is unacceptable to Zaza\'s parents because she is divorced, has a child, and is older than Zaza. A number of Zaza\'s relatives stake out Judith\'s apartment building, planning to confront the couple and frighten Judith into leaving Zaza. The next time Zaza visits Judith they do just this, barging into Judith\'s apartment and attempting to break up the relationship through polite argument, humiliation, and threats of violence, as Madona  watches, frightened. At one point Simon takes down a decorative sword hanging on Judith\'s wall and holds it to her throat. Zaza and Judith say little, and eventually Zaza unconvincingly tells Judith that the relationship is over and leaves with his family. Zaza returns shortly after and attempts to resume the evening where it left off, but Judith quietly tells him that she doesn\'t want to see him again. Back at his apartment, Zaza has a further confrontation with his parents. Some time later Zaza\'s parents return to Judith\'s apartment building. When Judith comes home, Lili approaches her and gives Madona a teddy bear as a peace offering, while Yasha stays in the car. Inside the apartment, Lili asks Judith if she has seen Zaza. Judith initially says that she hasn\'t, but soon she tearfully admits that Zaza has been calling her and begging her to marry him. Judith has refused because Zaza\'s reaction when his family invaded her apartment made her realize that "he loves you more than me," and she has decided the relationship is bad for all concerned. Back in the car, Yasha asks Lili if she will accept Judith as a wife for Zaza. Lili, now more sympathetic toward Judith, tells him that they should wait and see if Zaza gets over her. The next scene opens with Zaza and Yasha standing next to each other at urinals in a public restroom. It becomes clear that they are at Zaza\'s wedding reception, and Zaza is drunk. Zaza returns to the reception hall and gives a long, awkward, repetitive speech, while his new wife—who is not Judith—stands uncomfortably by his side. Eventually he tells the guests that he "has a woman more beautiful than my wife," and drags Simon onstage to ask him to confirm this. Simon defuses the situation by acting as though Zaza was referring to his mother, and Zaza plays along, embracing Lili when Simon brings her onstage. The film ends with Zaza and his bride dancing with the rest of his family.'] ["In New Zealand, 13-year-old Amy Alden  is involved in a car accident with her mother, which results in her mother’s death. Amy is taken back to her new home in Ontario by her inventor father Thomas Alden , who later introduces her to his girlfriend, Susan . While Amy is initially hostile towards her dad and Susan, she eventually grows fond of both. After a construction crew destroys a small wilderness area of birds in the Alden family’s backyard, Amy decides to check out the scene only to find a bunch of eggs left behind by their parents. Without Thomas, Susan or her uncle David  knowing, she takes the eggs and sticks them in a dresser located in her father’s old barn to incubate them. When she comes back from school, she discovers that the eggs have hatched and Thomas allows her to keep the birds. After asking for help from a local game warden  on how to help care for the geese, the warden comes over to the Alden house where he says all domestic geese must have their wings pinioned  in order to render them flightless. When the game warden attempts this on one of the geese, it upsets Amy. Thomas throws the game warden off his property where the warden threatens that if the birds start flying, he will have to confiscate them. Thomas begins doing research and learns that if the birds aren’t taught to fly properly, they will fly off on their own and get lost or possibly not survive the winter. He enacts a plan to use a homemade aircraft to teach the birds to fly. When the birds fail to follow him, he comes up with the following plan: teach Amy to fly and the birds will follow her because they already do the same thing on land due to Amy being imprinted as their mother. Susan is disgusted at hearing the news as, the previous day, Amy had hopped in one of Thomas’s aircraft and almost killed herself when the aircraft crashed.  Thomas, Susan, David and Thomas’s friend Barry  attempt to teach the birds to fly, with success. David travels down to North Carolina to talk to a friend who owns a bird sanctuary about the plan, who initially finds the plan both ludicrous and impossible but also mentions that if no birds reach the sanctuary by November 1, it will be torn down by developers who plan to turn it into a housing development. Amy and Thomas practice flying the aircraft, but Igor  accidentally hits the wing of Amy’s aircraft, both injuring the bird and denting the aircraft's wing, and lands in a forest. While the gang goes off to search for the bird, the game warden, keeping his promise to confiscate the birds and who witnessed the Aldens practicing for the big flight, comes to the Alden barn and seizes the geese. The next day, after having found Igor and getting back the geese, the gang sets off on their quest to migrate the geese. After making an emergency landing at a U.S. Air Force base on Lake Ontario and almost getting arrested, Amy and Thomas become national news with the U.S. cheering them on and residents giving the Aldens a place to stay at night at each of their stops. Thirty miles before reaching the bird sanctuary, Thomas’s aircraft crashes in a grassy field and he commands Amy to finish the journey by herself. After Amy takes off and begins to head toward the sanctuary, Thomas hitchhikes a ride with a local group of hippies who take him to the bird sanctuary. While waiting for Amy, Thomas, Susan, Barry and many hippies, tree huggers, townspeople and animal enthusiasts stand up to the large crowd of developers who are waiting to start the excavation of the site. Amy eventually appears with the geese, much to the joy of the townspeople and Amy’s family, but to the dismay of the developers. The townspeople and the Aldens celebrate their victory. Before the credits roll, it is revealed that all 16 geese, including Igor, returned to the Alden's farm the next spring safely and all on their own."] ['The film\'s plot follows the story of Paikea Apirana  [In the book, her name is Kahu, short for Kahutia Te Rangi].The leader should be the first-born son – a direct patrilineal descendant of Paikea, aka Kahutia Te Rangi in the book, the Whale Rider – he who rode on top of a whale from Hawaiki. However, Pai is female and technically cannot inherit the leadership. While he does later form an affectionate bond with his granddaughter, carrying her to school every day on his bicycle, he also condemns her and blames her for conflicts happening within the tribe. At one point Paikea decides to leave with her father because her grandfather is mistreating her. However she finds that she cannot bear to leave the sea as the whale seems to be calling her back, she tells her father to turn the car back and returns home. Pai\'s father refuses to assume traditional leadership; instead he moves to Germany to pursue a career as an artist. Pai herself is interested in the leadership, learning traditional songs and dances, but is given little encouragement by her grandfather. Pai feels that she can become the leader, although there\'s no precedent for a woman to do so, and is determined to succeed. Koro decides to form a cultural school for the village boys, hoping to find a new leader. He teaches the boys to use a taiaha . This is traditionally reserved for males. However, Nanny tells Pai that her second son, Pai\'s uncle, had won a taiaha tournament in his youth while he was still slim, so Pai secretly learns from him. She also secretly follows Koro\'s lessons. One of the students, Hemi, is also sympathetic towards her, but Koro is enraged when he finds out, particularly when she wins her taiaha fight against Hemi. Koro\'s relationship with Pai erodes further when none of the boys succeed at the traditional task of recovering the rei puta  that he threw into the ocean – this mission would prove one of them worthy of becoming leader. With the loss of the rei puta, Koro in despair calls out the Ancient ones, the whales. In an attempt to help, Pai from the beach also calls out to them and they hear her call. Pai, in an attempt to bridge the rift that has formed, invites Koro to be her guest of honour at a concert of Māori chants that her school is putting on. Unknown to all, she had won an inter-school speech contest with a touching dedication to Koro and the traditions of the village. However, Koro was late, and as he was walking to the school, he notices that numerous right whales are beached near Pai\'s home. The entire village attempts to coax and drag them back into the water, but all efforts prove unsuccessful; even a tractor does not help because the rope breaks. Koro sees it as a sign of his failure and despairs further. He admonishes Pai against touching the largest whale because "she has done enough damage" with her presumption. Also, the largest whale traditionally belongs to the legendary Paikea. But when Koro walks away, she climbs onto the back of the largest whale and coaxes it to re-enter the ocean. The whale leads the entire pod back into the sea; Paikea nearly drowns in the process. When she goes out to sea, Nanny Flowers shows Koro the whale tooth which Pai had previously recovered. When Pai is found and brought to the hospital, Koro declares her the leader and asks her forgiveness. The film ends with the village, including Pai\'s father, uncle, and grandparents, celebrating her status as leader, as the finished waka is hauled into the sea for its maiden voyage.'] ['Tokyo Sonata is about a middle-class family in Tokyo, the Sasakis, which consists of Ryūhei Sasaki, his wife Megumi, and their two sons Takashi and Kenji. Ryūhei has a good office job, but is suddenly fired because Chinese workers are cheaper. While attempting to find a new job, Ryūhei encounters an old classmate on the street, Kurosu, who has also recently been downsized. Kurosu uses a feature on his mobile phone that plays the ring tone periodically, so that it may fool others into believing he\'s still employed. This intrigues Ryūhei, who decides to hide the fact that he\'s been fired from his family. While the two men hopelessly try to find new work, Kurosu\'s wife slowly begins to suspect her husband\'s unemployment. Kurosu is later found dead together with his wife from gas poisoning in a double suicide, thought to be initiated by Kurosu. Takashi, the oldest son, joins the US military and is deployed to war in the Middle East. Kenji, the younger son, wishes to learn to play the piano, even though his father refuses to allow him piano lessons. Kenji takes lessons secretly, and pays for them with his lunch money. Gradually, Kenji develops a strong relationship with his piano teacher Miss Kaneko, who urges him to pursue his musical ambitions. When his parents find out about Kenji\'s secret piano lessons Megumi, who is generally closer to the children, is supportive, but Ryūhei is so furious that he attacks his son, accidentally causing him a minor concussion. One day Megumi, while alone at home, is taken hostage by an unemployed man who broke in looking for money. The robber forces Megumi to drive a car he has stolen. After a long drive, he allows her leave the car to use the restroom where she has the opportunity to escape. However, she encounters her husband at the mall working in his secret job as a janitor and decides to return to her captor saying that she cannot return home. That night Megumi, Ryūhei, and Kenji all have experiences away from home in which they confront the full extent of their existential disquiet. Kenji attempts to help a friend run away from home, but the latter is caught by his father. Kenji tries to leave town by sneaking onto a bus, but he is caught. Unwilling to answer the questions of the police, Kenji is charged as an adult and kept in a group cell overnight. He is released the following day when the charges are dismissed. Megumi and the burglar drive to the beach together, where they spend the night in a wood shed. Megumi resigns to the robber\'s sexual advances, but he ultimately is unable to go through with the act itself. Megumi consoles the robber that he is not a failure, saying that he is the only person who can be himself. Later that night, as the robber sleeps, Megumi spots a strange light on the horizon over the sea. She goes out to look for the light and falls asleep on the beach. The next morning, the robber has driven the stolen car into the ocean, and Megumi returns home. After encountering Megumi in the mall, Ryūhei despairingly wanders into the Tokyo night, is hit by a truck, and left for dead. He lies on the side of the street amid some leaves and sleeps there overnight, only to find himself waking up in the morning unharmed. He is the last to arrive back at the house, where the three family members share a meal together without mentioning the events of the previous night. Four months later, Ryūhei appears to be engaged in his cleaning job. Takashi sends a letter home from the field, noting that he has realized that the U.S military is not the right side to fight for and that he will stay in the Middle-East to try to understand those he has harmed and search his happiness there. The final scene depicts Kenji performing "Clair de Lune" from the Suite bergamasque at his audition with Megumi, Ryūhei, and his piano teacher watching. His performance is flawless.'] ['Florence Farley, a tennis prodigy, is torn between fulfilling the dreams of her ambitious mother Millie who has planned her tennis career, or her own dreams of being with the man she loves.'] ["An old villager  brings his 8-year-old grandson Parshuraam  to a doctor in Mumbai to diagnose the child's eyes. They are accompanied by child's maternal uncle Diwarkar. On the first day Vichare is asked to sign usual papers before admission in hospital. Upon asking, he learns that the papers say the doctor would not be responsible if anything goes wrong. Vichare, the rustic grandfather finds these terms unacceptable. A medical social worker named Asawari who is present there, quickly comes in and explains the practice to Vichare. She calms down Vichare and accompanies them during the first appointment with the doctor. Dr. Sane quickly diagnoses child as a victim of retinoblastoma &mdash; a rare retinal cancer. After consulting with other colleagues in US and UK doctor finds that only way to save child's life is to perform an operation that will leave the child blind. As per rule, doctor explains this and insists child be informed of this before surgery. He cannot be operated without this knowledge as it was against ethics. Asawari  who helps the doctor in convincing the grandfather and the grandson, tries to keep track of Vichare and persuades him not fall prey to other doctors promising false medicines. She tries to befriend Parshya in order to explain him what is going to happen. However, she finds it is too difficult to explain to him that he will turn blind. The film then depicts the grandfather's struggle to accept the reality that the only way to save his grandson is at the cost of his eyesight. He tries various ways to come to terms with the situation and his personal agony is shown in scenes, like taking second opinion, explaining his grandson the reality and his desire to show him everything possible before his grandson loses his eyesight. For some reason, the surgery has to be postponed by a day. That afternoon, grandfather and grandson disappear from the hospital ward and a frantic search follows. Confronted by an angry surgeon on their return, the grandfather states quite simply that he wanted to show Parshya the sights of the city for one last time. Shwaas has been applauded for scenes which depict the difficulty faced by the doctors to explain to grandfather and Parshya that nothing can be done and the truth is but inevitable. It shows the medical fraternity in a very positive light, with the doctors and nurses being extremely supportive and doing the best they can, and helping the village with the best facilities. The last shot where Parshya returns home wearing dark glasses, waving to his family and friends from the boat was widely appreciated by film critics."] ['A trio of impoverished children living in rural Mississippi find that they must make a heart-wrenching decision between traveling down the paths taken by their doomed families and confronting the harsh realities that arise over time.'] ["When Philip Ashley's ([[Richard Burton  much-loved  cousin Ambrose ([[John Sutton  dies, he is convinced that Ambrose was murdered by his new wife Rachel  to inherit his wealth. But when he meets Rachel and falls in love with her, he knows that his suspicions must have been unfounded. But were they, or is Rachel just trying to use Philip to get at the estate Ambrose left to him instead of her? And will she murder him next?"] ['Captain Crewe (played by [[Ian Hunter , called to fight in the Second Boer War, he had to leave his daughter Sara  with her pony at Miss Minchin\'s School for Girls. Although worried about her father, Sara is distracted by riding lessons. Sara hears news that Mafeking is free and expects her father will soon come home. Miss Minchin throws Sarah a lavish birthday party. During the party, Captain Crewe\'s solicitor arrives with the sad news that Captain Crewe has died and his real estate, the basis for his wealth confiscated. Miss Minchin ends Sara\'s party abruptly. Without her father\'s financial support, Sara becomes a servant, now working at the school she used to attend. Sara gains new solace in a friendship with Ram Dass  who lives next door. In her new role Sara gets hungrier and more tired from her arduous duties and sneaks off to Veterans Hospitals, convinced her father is not dead. After a string of episodes including a reprise of the film\'s most well-known song "Knocked \'em Up the Old Kent Road", Sara is at her wits end. Taunting from Lavinia  cause Sara to lose her temper. Miss Minchin arrives in the attic, discovers blankets that Ram Dass left Sara, assumes they are stolen, and locks her in the attic, calling the police. Sara escapes and runs to the hospital with Minchin in hot pursuit. Meanwhile the hospital is preparing to transfer a newly arrived patient, who is unable to communicate except to repeatedly say, "Sara, Sara" it is Captain Crewe, but "his papers have been lost" and no one knows who he is. Sara is initially barred from entering the hospital but sneaks in, only to burst in upon a visit by Queen Victoria, who grants her permission to search for her father. Sara searches the wards unsuccessfully, but happens upon her father as she hides from Miss Minchin and the police. Miss Minchin, who pursued Sara to the hospital, is appalled that her brother thinks Sara is innocent. A staff member announces Sara has found her father, Miss Minchin exclaims: "Captain Crewe is alive!" to which her brother retorts, "Well of course. How could she have found him if he wasn\'t?" The film ends with Sara helping her father stand as the Queen departs.'] ['When Muriel Kleinman unexpectedly leaves her husband Sam, their three daughters Linda, Hillary, and Bonnie and daughter-in-law Rachel set about trying to find her while Sam and his son Ben spend a day in the country inspecting property Ben and his wife are considering buying. The journey evolves into an extended road trip in a restored 1940 Ford Deluxe coupe convertible Sam buys when Ben crashes his car. As time passes, the two men fish, drink, and play pool while discussing the past and re-establishing their relationship. Ben learns Muriel went on vacation but, after enjoying a leisurely day by herself, began to experience blackouts. The doctors give her six months to live, and Muriel and Sam begin to mend a marriage Sam never realized was deteriorating. She lives through the summer, and Ben realizes he never has seen his parents happier in their life. When Muriel dies, Sam moves in with Ben and his family, and they enjoy life together until Sam himself passes away. Ben and Rachel have another child and name him Martin Samuel Kleinman to honor his parents, whose gravestone bears the Hebrew inscription "מה שלי שלך ומה שלך שלי" , testifying to the giving and compassionate relationship that Ben\'s parents truly had with each other.'] ["Patrick Mcardle is a fifteen-year-old who is forced to play baseball by his former baseball player dad. Patrick doesn't know what to do with his life. When he skips ball practice one day, he visits his friend Houston Jones, a former steeplechase champion. Houston dazzles Patrick by telling him stories of when he was Patrick's age and in love with a white rich girl named Julie, who taught him to ride. Patrick, at a game, sees his teammate Chuck's older sister Jill, and gets knocked out by the pitch. Patrick's father asks him about his fall, and Patrick confronts him about pushing him in baseball. Patrick visits Houston after the game and Houston tells him more stories. This time about Julie's death when she told Houston she was going to marry him. Patrick feels sorry and asks Houston to train him in steeplechase. When Houston agrees, Patrick's parents are appalled when he asked them for permission. His mother thinks it is too dangerous, while his father is concerned about Patrick taking riding lessons from a drunk black man. When they agree, Houston buys Patrick a horse named Rusty, and tells Patrick to take care of him till he says stop. Patrick meets again with Chuck and Jill and asks them to join him at Houston's barbecue, he also invites his parents. There, his parents begin to trust Houston more. Patrick starts to learn how to ride Rusty as Jill tends to Houston's garden. One day, the rich town bully and steeplechase champion, Randy, destroys Houston's vegetable/fruit stand; Houston warns him to stop. Houston then starts to collapse while Randy leaves and Patrick arrives. Jill calls 911, and Houston refuses to go to the hospital. The next day, Houston dies on his couch, leaving Patrick devastated. Patrick drops out of the steeplechase race and stops taking care of Rusty. Jill finds a package addressed to Patrick in Houston's closet as well as pictures of Patrick as a boy, while walking around his home. She gives the package to Patrick and he finds Houston's old uniform and a carved horse, along with a letter. Patrick decides to enter the race and gets there just in time. Jill kisses Patrick before he leaves and sets up. Patrick, along with strong Rusty and Houston's voice in his head, does well in the race and wins. In the end, Patrick lays his trophy on Houston's grave, along with Houston's hat and harmonica."] ['When newlywed Madeleine , an art dealer, travels from Chicago to North Carolina to pursue a local, self-taught painter  for her outsider art gallery she takes the opportunity to meet the family of her husband George  who live close by. There is his flinty, judgmental mother Peg ; his reserved, contemplative father Eugene ([[Scott Wilson ; and his sullen, resentful, twenty-ish brother Johnny  who, although married, still lives at home, and is studying for his high school equivalence certificate while working at Replacements, Ltd. as an order processor. Johnny married his wife, Ashley, before either of them finished high school. Relations between Johnny and Ashley are strained, with Ashley believing that a baby will solve their marital problems. Madeleine and George stay in the baby\'s nursery and she becomes friends with Johnny\'s pregnant young wife Ashley ([[Amy Adams , a very sweet and friendly, if somewhat naive and talkative girl. The family take Madeline to a church service and she attends Ashley\'s baby shower. Madeleine discovers that she does not know much about George, as they have been married only six months, and knew each other only a week before they got married. George\'s strong Southern family values come through. The artist Madeleine is pursuing wavers over signing with her gallery. Ashley goes into labor, and the family goes to the hospital with her, but Madeleine chooses to go and convince the artist to sign with her gallery, which makes George angry. Ashley\'s baby boy is stillborn. She tells George she was going to name it "Junebug". George and Madeleine leave to go back to Chicago.'] [' The film is about what the routine of everyday life can do to the human mind and psyche. It also reflects on the importance of the choices we make and how limited these choices are in the first place. The plot evolves around a family of four. They live in the suburbs, in a strange villa that appears, through a complex game of mirrors, to be more like a piece of installation art than a real house. The main character, who hardly appears on screen, is the son, a man in his thirties. Suffering from asthma and eczema since childhood, he uses his condition to manipulate his parents and his sister. Thus the existence of the terrorized family turns into an endless ritual of attempting to satisfy his whims, and always on the alert for yet another one of his “health crises”. Las Meninas resembles the scattered pieces of a puzzle. It is up to the viewer to assemble them in order to form his very own picture – something that makes the film itself personal and unique.'] ['The NDR series robot "Andrew"  is introduced in 2005 into the Martin family home to perform housekeeping and maintenance duties. The family\'s reactions range from acceptance and curiosity to outright rejection and deliberate vandalism by their surly older daughter Grace , which leads to the discovery that Andrew can both identify emotions and reciprocate in kind. When Andrew accidentally breaks a figurine belonging to "Little Miss" Amanda , he carves a replacement out of wood. The family is astonished by this creativity and “Sir” Richard Martin  takes Andrew to his manufacturer, to inquire if all the robots are like him. The CEO of the company  sees this development as a problem and wishes to scrap Andrew. Angered, Martin takes Andrew home and allows him to pursue his own development, encouraging Andrew to educate himself in the humanities. Years later, following an accident in which Andrew\'s thumb is accidentally cut off, Martin again takes him to NorthAm Robotics for repairs, ensuring first that Andrew\'s personality will remain unharmed. Andrew requests that while he is being repaired his face be upgraded to allow him to convey the emotions he feels but cannot fully express. The CEO informs them that upgrade modification will be very expensive -- in fact, larger than the sum he earns in an entire year -- the price is well within the Martins\' means, comprising a month of Andrew\'s income from the sale of his carpentry and other woodworks and crafts. After the wedding of Little Miss , Andrew realizes there are no more orders for him to run. He eventually asks for his freedom, much to Martin\'s dismay. He grants the request, but banishes Andrew so he can be "completely" free. As Andrew leaves, Martin comments that he has stopped referring to himself as "one". Andrew builds himself a home at the beach and lives alone. In 2048, Andrew sees Martin one last time on his deathbed. Martin apologizes for banishing him as he silently says his goodbye to Andrew who states it was an honor serving him. After help from Little Miss\' reluctant son Lloyd Charney , Andrew goes on a quest to locate more NDR series robots to discover if others have also developed sentience. After years of failure, he finds Galatea , an NDR robot that has been given feminine attributes and personality. These however are simply aspects of her programming and not something which she developed as with Andrew. Galatea is owned by Rupert Burns , son of the original NDR robot designer. Rupert works to create a more human look for robots, but is unable to attract funding. Andrew agrees to finance the research and the two join forces to give Andrew artificial human face and hair. He also maintains contact with Little Miss over the years. In 2068, Andrew comes back to greet Little Miss but instead meets Portia Charney , her granddaughter  who looks exactly like a younger Little Miss. The now aged Little Miss explains to Andrew that it\'s a genetic likeness that skipped a generation. In 2070, Andrew comes to the hospital to see Little Miss one last time, he notices the horse he carved for her when she was young. She silently passes away, and Andrew feels the pain of not being able to cry and realizes that every human being he cares for will eventually die. Over time, Andrew and Rupert begin to study medicine and designs mechanical equivalents of human organs, including a central nervous system, which eventually allows Andrew to acquire tactile sensations. Meanwhile, his friendship with Portia evolves into romance. At first, Portia is uncertain about "investing her emotions in a machine" and almost marries someone else, but Andrew confronts her about her emotions and they eventually engage in a romantic and sexual relationship. Upon realizing that his relationship with Portia would never be socially accepted, Andrew petitions the World Congress to recognize him as human, which would also allow him and Portia to be legally married, but is rejected; the Speaker of the Congress explains that society can tolerate an everlasting machine, but argues that an immortal human would create too much jealousy and anger for him to be with another human being and he is declared a machine from that day on. In 2120, a physically middle-aged Portia decides that she doesn\'t want to have her life forever prolonged by Andrew\'s medical inventions, Andrew realizes that when she dies, he wouldn\'t want to live on without her. He works with an elderly Rupert to introduce blood into his system and to cause his brain to decay, thereby allowing him to age; Rupert officially welcomes him to the human condition, as it then becomes unknown when exactly Andrew would die. Around 2150 to 2160, an old and frail Andrew attends the World Congress a second time to petition to be declared a human being while a physically elderly Portia watches for support. In 2205, Andrew and Portia are on their death bed as they watch as the Speaker of the World Congress announces on television the court\'s decision: that Andrew Martin is officially recognized as human, and that aside from "Methuselah and other Biblical figures," is the oldest human being in history at the age of two hundred years. The Speaker also validates his marriage with Portia. Andrew dies while listening to the broadcast, and Portia orders their nurse--a now human-looking Galatea --to unplug her life support machine. The film ends with Portia about to die hand-in-hand with Andrew, as she whispers to him "See you soon."'] ["After her mother's death, New York City fashion designer Lisa Rayborn  returns to her hometown and family farm. Due to a weak economy, her brother Jim  has converted the family business from a cattle farm into a sheep farm, despite their father's  objections. To help out, Lisa decides she will stay to help on the farm. She adopts a border collie from the local animal shelter and trains it as a sheepdog, naming the dog Lucky. Jim and Lisa decide to enter Lucky in a sheep herding contest, but when a severe thunderstorm sparks a forest fire, Lucky helps rescue trapped children and bring them to safety. While doing so, Lucky's leg is burned, and it looks as if she will not be able to compete."] ["Chow Yun-fat plays Ah-Long, a father living a low-class lifestyle, while trying to raise his son, Porky . The son's mother, Ah-Long's ex-girlfriend  returns from the United States with a boyfriend knowing she has a son wants to reunit with her son. Ah-Long dies in a motorbike racing accident."] ["Joel Curtis  is a young orphan who is living with his grandmother, Aggie Curtis , on her ranch. Joel finds an orphaned colt in the nearby woods, and names the horse Red. Joel learns that Grandma Curtis has extensive debts, and will be forced to sell her ranch to pay them off. Joel is friends with Andy McBride , a ranch hand at the nearby Moresby Farms. Joel convinces Andy to help him train Red as a racehorse, with the intention of selling his beloved horse to pay off his grandmother's debts. Joel and Andy convinced Moresby Farms horse trainer Ellen Reynolds  to race Red against the farm's best racehorse, Black Moor. But the untrained Red loses the race because he does not stay close to the inside rail. Joel next approaches Mr. Moresby  with an offer to sell horses from the Curtis ranch to Moresby Farms. Mr. Moresby agrees, but says he will buy only those horses which can outrace Black Moor. With the foreclosure auction on Grandma Curtis' farm approaching quickly, Joel and Ho-Na , a Native American working for Grandma Curtis, train Red on Moresby's racetrack nightly. Joel's dog, Curley, helps by barking at Red and forcing the horse against the rail whenever Red tries to stray. Moresby promises to see Red race one more time first thing in the morning on the day before the auction. But that night, Red escapes the barn and goes into the woods, where a bear attacks him. Red escapes, but is too exhausted to race. The next day, Joel races Red against Black Moor and beats Moresboy's horse. Moresby purchases Red for a large sum, saving Grandma Curtis' ranch. At Grandma Curtis' suggestion, Moresby makes Joel co-owner of Red. Andy and Ellen reveal they are in love."] ['Drew Baylor  is the designer of the Späsmodica shoe, a world-famously hyped but flawed new product that his boss informs him will lose $972 million and is "a disaster of mythic proportions, [...] a folktale told to others that makes other people feel more alive because it didn\'t happen to them". After he is fired, Drew\'s girlfriend Ellen  breaks up with him. Drew goes to his apartment, defeated, and attempts to commit suicide . His sister Heather phones at just that moment to tell Drew that their father has just died and he needs to go to Elizabethtown, Kentucky, to bring the body back home. At the airport, Drew\'s sister and mother tell him they wish to cremate his father\'s body. On a nearly empty plane, a quick-witted flight attendant, Claire , gives him a free seat in First Class. He declines but she insists because she doesn\'t want to have to walk all the way back to Coach just for him. Claire, who is energetic, charming, and knows how to read people, starts pestering Drew to get to know him. She knows Kentucky well and draws him a map to Elizabethtown because the roads are "hopelessly and gloriously confusing". She also jots her phone number on the map. When he arrives in Elizabethtown, a boy leads him to the funeral home, where Drew\'s cousin is waiting for him. Various members of his family greet him as the "California boy", although his family had only lived in California for 18 months before moving to Oregon. After viewing his father\'s body, Drew meets with relatives at his Aunt Dora\'s house, realizing that he has a huge loving extended family in the middle-of-nowhere Kentucky. Drew settles into a hotel that is hosting a special event called "Chuck and Cindy: The Wedding". The hotel is a mess from all of the people partying, and Drew is pleasantly surprised by a "Chuck and Cindy" gift basket in his room that states "lovin\' life" on everything. Exhausted, Drew attempts to call home but receives no answer. He also calls his ex-girlfriend Ellen and receives no answer. Finally, he remembers that Claire gave him her number, calls her, and as she picks up, everybody else calls him back. Ellen officially breaks up with him, and his sister informs him that his mother "won\'t stop moving" as she attempts to learn how to cook, how to tap dance, and fix the car in lieu of mourning her husband\'s death. Claire stays on hold and when Drew returns to her line, they talk all night, connecting. Claire drives to meet Drew to see the sunrise. Claire leaves for a flight to Hawaii. Drew meets his family near the burial plot where they would like his father\'s body buried. Drew insists on honoring his mother\'s wish for a cremation. He returns to the hotel, exhausted from being up all night on the phone with Claire and from arguing about cremation with both his mother and his extended family. Claire surprises him and takes him out all day to explore Elizabethtown, starting by helping him pick out an urn for his father. Drew is clearly attracted to Claire and she to him as well but she continues to claim that she has a boyfriend who is a professor and is "married to his academic career." Later on that evening, Drew is spending time at his Aunt Dora\'s house and he sees a photo of his father near a flame from the stove. He suddenly regrets his choice of cremation and runs to the mortuary to stop the cremation but arrives too late and is given an urn containing his father\'s ashes. Drew returns to the hotel to find Claire there. They talk about their feelings and conclude they are not right for each other. They kiss and end up spending the night together. In the morning, Drew tells her about his failure and how he doesn\'t want to be in this world anymore. She belittles the huge failure, making him realize that he\'s just upset over money and failure. Disappointed in his inability to see through his pain and take this opportunity in front of him, Claire says she\'ll try to meet him at his father\'s memorial. Drew\'s mother and sister arrive in Kentucky for the service. After various acquaintances speak in memory of Drew\'s father, his mother, Hollie, talks about her husband, comically, lightening the mood, and lifting a grudge the family has always held against her for "taking Mitch away." Then she does a tap-dance to his favorite song. Drew\'s cousin, along with his band "Ruckus" , begin to play the classic Lynyrd Skynyrd song "Free Bird". The stage prop, a large paper dove, catches on fire, setting off alarms and causing emergency water sprinklers to go off, while everyone flees. Claire had shown up and given Drew a special map to guide him on a solitary road trip home from Kentucky. During the fire, Claire helps evacuate the room, and then she disappears. Drew assumes he\'ll never see her again. Claire\'s map is very elaborate with instructions and CDs, guiding him "home." There are notes of places along the way he should visit. At each one, he spreads some of his father\'s ashes. During the trip, Drew comes to terms with his father and begins to talk to his urn, stating that they should have taken this trip together years ago. Finally, the directions come to a point where he is given two choices—to continue home or to finish the journey Claire laid out for him. Drew chooses to use her route. He is instructed to go to the "Second Largest Farmer\'s Market in The World". There is a note telling him to "look for the girl with a red hat". After looking desperately for a few minutes, he finds the girl, who turns out to be Claire. The film ends with them kissing.'] [":The film is structured around ten acts with a prologue and epilogue. It opens with the camera on Marianne standing by a table covered with photographs. It is a well-lit room, and she addresses the viewer. She picks one picture up after another; they are in no particular order, being just heaped all over the table. Some make her smile, or elicit a comment or a sigh. But then she picks up a photograph of her husband, prompting her to reminisce about how they had been more or less happy, and how they'd broken up. She goes on to recall how his second marriage failed, while she was already married to a second husband herself, and then when her second husband died , she reflects that it would be nice to see her first husband again. Marianne travels into the country to the home of her ex-husband, and father of her daughters Martha and Sara, Johan. Johan is undergoing a family crisis with his insolvent and needy son, Henrik, and granddaughter, Karin. Karin is 19, and Henrik asks Johan for an advance on his inheritance so that Henrik can buy Karin an old Fagnola cello, to make a better impression at the audition for the European music conservatory. The elderly Johan decides to consider the offer and to contact the cello dealer himself. While Henrik is away tending to the orchestra he conducts in Uppsala, Johan has a private meeting with Karin, informing her of a proposal from Ivan Chablov, head conductor in the St. Petersburg orchestra and an old friend of Johan, that Karin join him at the prestigious Sibelius Academy in Helsinki. While considering this offer Karin also finds an old letter from her departed mother Anna written to Henrik a week before her death. In the letter, Anna asks Henrik to relieve Karin of the unhealthy control he holds over her as her cello teacher. When Henrik encounters Karin again upon his return from Uppsala, where he no longer holds a position as concertmaster, he attempts to convince Karin into performing a concert of Bach's Cello Suites with him. She finally confronts him about his control over her and tells him of her decision to take an opportunity to study with her friend Emma in Hamburg under Claudio Abbado. The final request by Henrik is that Karin play the sarabande from Bach's 5th Cello Suite, which she already knows. We encounter Marianne and Johan some time later, after Karin has already left for Hamburg. Marianne receives a phone call stating that Henrik has been found in the hospital having attempted suicide with pills and by cutting his wrists and throat. In the next scene a pained Johan suffering from a sort of anxiety attack seeks out Marianne and eventually disrobes along with her and joins her in bed. Next, Marianne is holding a still of the couple in bed and explaining what happened after that episode. She explains how she and Johan had kept in contact until one day she was no longer able to reach him. She thinks again of the departed Anna and recollects a visit to her ill daughter Martha. She explains the contact she shared with her daughter and how she had never really been able to touch her before this moment."] ['In present-day London, Michael Walton  visits his cousins, Walter and Oliver Page . Michael, interested in family history, asks them about his great aunt, Anne Keyes , the sister of his grandmother, Celia . Anne, an actress, was the eldest of the three Keyes children; desperate for children, her father, Member of the House of Commons, Alexander  and mother, Maud  had adopted her, however, Maud then gave birth to Ralph  and Celia. Michael is curious to learn what happened to Anne, which leads Walter to reminisce of the summer of 1939, at the Keyes estate in Norfolk. On the day of Alexander\'s birthday, Anne has prepared a table in the garden to celebrate. Anne\'s friend, the outspoken MP Hector  and lover, the reserved Lawrence  are present for the festivities. When Alexander arrives that night, he also brings a guest, the quiet government employee, Joseph Balcombe, . During dinner, Hector rants about Britain\'s lack of action against Nazi Germany, noting that while his view is unpopular, he feels that it needs to be said. It is later revealed that he has been one of those calling out for a new prime minister. The next day, while looking for a missing cat, Anne finds her in one of the property\'s sheds, which had been off-limits due to them containing Alexander\'s manuscript papers. She finds gramophone records labelled "Foxtrot," which upon listening, actually contain recorded meetings and telephone conversations. Alexander reveals that he has allowed Balcombe to store government documents in the shed. Two weeks later, Anne is notified that Hector has been found dead, of an apparent suicide. Anne wonders if Balcombe had anything to do with Hector\'s death. Alexander brushes off the idea, but does offer to ask Balcombe to remove the records from the shed, something he promises to do the next day during a picnic. While there, the picnic-goers take off for a walk, including Aunt Elizabeth , leaving Anne to watch over baby Oliver. Anne awakens to find Oliver and his pushchair missing. She follows his cries to no avail, and when the family returns, they search, too, until they find him in his pushchair on a lane. Anne vehemently denies moving the baby, but the incident plants roots of doubt about Anne\'s word. Balcombe removes the records that night, but Anne has secretly kept two of them. The family then returns to London because Parliament has been recalled. While there, Anne listens to the records. One contains a recording of a distressed Hector pleading with Balcombe to cease calling him and also his parents. However, the maid bursts into the room, which causes the gramophone to fall, and the record to break into pieces. On September 1, Anne gives a second record to her fellow actor and friend, Gilbert , who is subsequently found dead from an apparent suicide. Anne travels back to Norfolk to keep Aunt Elizabeth company, where she listens to the second recording. On it, she recognizes Balcombe\'s voice, along with another, her brother, Ralph. Ralph is heard suggesting the name "thin man dancing" for a covert operation. The name he suggested is a reference to a childhood toy with which the siblings played. This confirmed to Anne that Ralph is not to be trusted. At a party in London, Anne attempts to tell Lawrence of Ralph\'s involvement, but he already knows. Lawrence convinces Anne to bring him the recording at a rendezvous at a suburban veterinary surgery. After Anne finds Lawrence\'s body in a shed filled with euthanised pets, she is drugged by her father and taken prisoner in Aunt Elizabeth\'s house which is close to St Paul\'s Cathedral. Balcombe pays her a visit, and brings with him the second recording, which was intercepted by him. He informs her that the recording had been made for her father, and that was why they were stored at the house in Norfolk. He also informs her that their house in London is being used for series of pro-appeasement meetings which her father is chairing. Alexander later admits to her that he believes that Britain will be completely destroyed unless it secures a peace treaty with Germany, and that nothing should disturb that. Alexander tells her that she is the only member of the family that does not share his beliefs, which is why they are keeping her locked away and sedated. After some time, Maud unlocks the door to release her while the rest of the family is at the park. She goes past them, and when they act as though nothing wrong had happened, Anne runs away. Back in the present, Walter tells Michael that Anne died in Canada 20 years ago, and that he was just doing what his family and Balcombe had wanted. It is then revealed that Balcombe convinced Walter to move Oliver\'s pushchair into the lane. Michael asks Oliver and Walter to accompany him to meet his mother. They travel to the same park where Anne had last seen her family. A woman, Michael\'s mother, wheels an elderly woman towards them. That elderly woman is revealed to be Anne, and Michael tells them that that he knew the truth all along but wanted to hear it from them.'] ['Eliza  discovers a love letter that may prove that her husband  is having an affair, so she decides to go to New York City and confront him. Her family, including her sister, Jo, and her fiancé, Carl, as well as her parents, Jim and Rita, go along for the ride in the family station wagon from Long Island.'] ["Karim works at an ostrich farm outside of Tehran, Iran. He leads a simple and contented life with his family in his small house, until one day when one of the ostriches runs away. Karim is blamed for the loss and is fired from the farm. Soon after, he travels to the city in order to repair his elder daughter's hearing aid but finds himself mistaken for a motorcycle taxi driver. Thus begins his new profession: ferrying people and goods through heavy traffic. However, the people and goods he is dealing with every day start to change Karim's generous and honest nature, much to the distress of his wife and daughters. It is up to those closest to him to restore the values that he once cherished."] ["Sapna , a slum dweller of Bombay seeks refuge from a drunken outburst of her foster father . Heera , a playboy smuggler, has an eye on Sapna and wants to have her for his pleasure. Amit , an educated taxi driver saves Sapna from the clutches of Heera but soon she is accused of attempting. Sapna is sent to prison for six months. Sapna's mother  in a fit of anger kills Sapna's foster father. Amit promises to marry Sapna on her acquittal but on the eve of their marriage Amit's father  refuses to accept it. Not wanting to break up Amit's family Sapna quietly walks out of his life and leaves the city. Amit and his friend Pyarelal  search for Sapna but do not succeed. In Calcutta, Sapna becomes an instant hit on the stage through Ashok Babu . One day, Ashok proposes to her. Does Sapna climb down from her ladder of fame and return to her poor past? Or does she marry Ashok and opt for a life of fame?"] ["In Richmond, Virginia, Asa  and Lavinia   Timberlake gave their two daughters male names: Roy  and Stanley . The movie opens with the young women as adults. Asa Timberlake has recently lost his piece of a tobacco company to his former partner William Fitzroy , his wife's brother. Roy, a successful interior decorator, is married to Dr. Peter Kingsmill . Stanley Timberlake is engaged to attorney Craig Fleming . The night before her wedding, Stanley runs off with her sister's husband Peter. After Roy divorces him, Peter and Stanley marry and move to Baltimore. Roy encounters Fleming again after some time and they begin dating. He hires Parry Clay ([[Ernest Anderson  to work in his law office while the young man attends law school. Clay is the son of the Timberlake parents' family maid, Minerva Clay . William Fitzroy, Lavinia's brother and Asa's former partner in a tobacco business, dotes on his niece Stanley and gives her expensive presents. He says he will retain Fleming as his attorney if he agrees to stop representing poor clients. When Fleming refuses, Roy Timberlake is impressed and decides to accept him in marriage. In Baltimore, Stanley and Peter's marriage suffers from his heavy drinking and her excessive spending. Peter commits suicide. Shaken, Stanley returns to her home town with Roy. After she recovers, Stanley decides to win back Fleming. While discussing her late husband's life insurance with Fleming at his office, Stanley invites him to join her later for dinner. When he fails to come to the restaurant, she becomes drunk. While driving home, she hits and kills a child. Witnesses recognize Stanley's car and the police go to question her. Stanley insists she had loaned her car to Parry Clay the night of the accident. Minerva Clay tells Roy that her son was home with her all evening. Stanley refuses to admit her responsibility although Roy arranges for her to see Clay at the jail . Later Fleming tells her he has already questioned the bartender at the restaurant and knows Stanley left drunk. Fleming plans to take Stanley to the district attorney, but she escapes to her uncle's house and pleads for his help. Having just discovered he has only six months to live, Fitzroy is too distraught to do anything. The police arrive at Fitzroy's house and Stanley leaves; in trying to escape, she crashes her car and is killed."] ['Robert and Mamie Eunson ([[Cameron Mitchell  are Scots who have just landed in America , having been invited there by Mamie\'s uncle. They arrive in the tiny logging village of Eureka, only to be informed that both uncle and his cabin have been incinerated in a house fire. The Eunsons are assisted by the friendly locals in reconstructing the house and Robert takes to tipping timber. Mamie is heavily pregnant upon their reaching Eureka; she delivers baby Robbie  soon after the cabin is completed. Robert eventually starts a successful boat building business and Mamie gives birth to five more children: Jimmy , Kirk , Annabelle , Elizabeth , and Jane . The Eunsons are prospering and happy—until little Kirk is diagnosed with diphtheria. Mamie and Kirk are quarantined while Robert takes the other children away. The boy recovers, but the goodbye kiss he gave Dadda before his departure proves fatal, and Mr. Eunson succumbs. Mamie takes to working as a seamstress and Robbie becomes the man of the house. Things stabilize, but only briefly: tired and work-worn, Mamie contracts typhoid. Knowing she will not survive, she charges her eldest with finding good homes for his siblings. After her death, Robbie places his brothers and sisters with kindly townsfolk as Christmas approaches. Stoic and resigned during the process, he does break down when he is alone and sees the tree outside the homestead where his father had carved the names of the children into the bark. Baby Jane is the last to be handed over—Robbie stands at the door of a house and asks the woman who answers, "Please, ma\'am, I was wondering if you\'d care to have my sister."'] ["Set in Depression-era Yorkshire, England, Mr. and Mrs. Carraclough are hit by hard times and forced to sell their collie, Lassie, to the rich Duke of Rudling, who has always admired her. Young Joe Carraclough grows despondent at the loss of his companion. Lassie will have nothing to do with the Duke, however, and finds ways to escape her kennels and return to Joe. The Duke finally carries Lassie to his home hundreds of miles distant in Scotland. There, his granddaughter Priscilla senses the dog's unhappiness and arranges her escape. Lassie then sets off for a long trek to her Yorkshire home and the boy who loves her. She faces many perils along the way—dog catchers and a violent storm—but also meets kind people who offer her aid and comfort. At the end, when Joe has given up hope of ever seeing his dog again, the weary Lassie returns to her favorite resting place in the schoolyard at home. There, Lassie is joyfully reunited with the boy she loves."] ["Mirush leaves Kosovo hoping to find his father in Norway, who abandoned the family when Mirush was very young. Now the father runs a restaurant in Oslo, but he is also in deep debt to the Albanian Mafia. Mirush starts to work in his father's restaurant without letting him know that he is his son."] ['Young Samantha Parkington lives with her grandmother, "Grandmary" Edwards, in a world of wealth and privilege in fictional Mount Bedford on the Hudson River in New York State circa 1904. Nellie, a servant girl about Samantha\'s age, moves into the house next-door with her father and two younger sisters. Samantha is an unspoiled young girl without class biases or prejudices and takes an instant liking to Nellie, teaching her to read and sharing Nellie\'s household tasks such as carpet beating, darning, and other small jobs. Samantha and Nellie become fast friends. The girls turn to each other in happiness and sorrow, adventure and danger, and grow as close as sisters. After Nellie\'s father dies, she and her little sisters are sent to a dismal orphanage run by a thieving matron. Samantha rescues the girls and hides them at home. Nellie secretly takes a job in a factory to support her little sisters. Samantha tracks her down and brings her home, then bravely speaks out against the cruelty of child labor at her school. Eventually, Samantha\'s Uncle Gard and his new wife Cornelia adopt the three little orphans. The film ends with the girls happily enjoying a Christmas sleigh ride through cotton candy-like drifts of snow. A sub-plot involves Samantha "letting-go" of her beloved bachelor Uncle Gard when he brings home his future bride.'] ['Ten-year-old Felicity Merriman is growing up in Williamsburg, Virginia, just before the American Revolution. Felicity longs to be free . High-spirited Felicity would rather rush into exciting adventures, like taming the wild horse owned by the cruel leather maker, Jiggy Nye. Even with the warnings from her parents, she runs off in the morning to be with Jiggy Nye\'s horse who is named by Felicity "Penny". Felicity isn’t the only one questioning what’s right and what’s wrong. Change is in the air as some colonists,like Felicity’s father and his apprentice, Ben takes steps toward independence from the king of England. Others like Felicity’s dear grandfather and her best friend, Elizabeth are shocked that anyone would question the rule of the king. How can Felicity choose a side when she knows it means being disloyal to someone she loves? As the Revolutionary War threatens to tear friends and neighbors apart, Felicity’s family faces a crisis or two of its own.'] ['Matt Travis is good-looking, popular, and his school\'s best competitive swimmer, so everyone is shocked when he inexplicably commits suicide. As the following year unfolds, each member of his family struggles to recover from the tragedy with mixed results. His mother Sandy tries to keep the lines of communication open with younger son Tim while easing her emotional pain with marijuana. Father Ben, a perfectionist who worshiped Matt as much as he ignored Tim, insists on continuing to place a meal at the dinner table for the dead boy and begins to drink heavily. Eventually, without telling his wife, he takes a leave of absence from work and spends his days lost in reverie on a park bench. Tim, always in the shadows as the smaller, unathletic, less accomplished "other brother," struggles to get through school while trying to resist the recreational drugs his best friend Kyle Dwyer is always offering him and contemplating having sex with classmate Steph Connors. Sister Penny, away at college, dutifully comes home for infrequent visits and tries to help bridge the widening gap between her surviving brother and their parents. With the passing months, new crises arise and a long-kept secret is revealed, until it is revealed that one family member was aware of Matt\'s inner turmoil and suicidal thoughts and why nothing was done to help him.'] ['Kate, Steve, Mick, and Jenn Jones move into a high income suburb under the pretense of being a typical family relocating due to the changing nature of Kate and Steve\'s careers. In reality, Kate is the leader of a team of stealth marketers, professional salespeople who disguise product placement as a daily routine. Their clothing, accessories, furniture, and even food are carefully planned and stocked by various companies to create visibility in a desirable consumer market. While Kate\'s team is highly effective, Steve is new to the team, Jenn is a closet nymphomaniac with a penchant for hitting on her fake fathers, and a 30-day review is fast approaching. The team quickly ingratiates itself into the community, slowly shifting from displaying products to recommending them. Soon, local stores and businesses are stocking products based on the Joneses\' trend-setting styles. However, at the end of the 30-day review, Steve discovers that he has the lowest sales numbers of the team, and Kate\'s job is endangered unless he can get his numbers up before the next review in 60 days. Eventually, Steve begins to find a sales tactic that works by playing on the fears of his neighbors and sympathizing with their dull, repetitive, unfulfilled careers. As someone who is frustrated with his job and disconnected from his fake "family," Steve turned to their products to keep himself entertained. When he recognizes this same pattern in his neighbors, his sales begin to steadily increase as he starts pitching products as the solution for suburban boredom and generating product "buzz" through unwitting ropers. The team\'s dynamics become more complicated when Kate applies herself to the technique as well. Realizing that they can boost sales by perfecting their fake family dynamic to sell the image of a lifestyle, the lines between acting and reality start to break down. Things also get more complicated when Mick finds himself growing closer to an unpopular girl at the high school, Naomi, in whom he can confide, while Jenn\'s flirtation with Alex Bayner  raises the suspicions of the neighbors. The team\'s cover is almost blown at several times during the job: once when an old acquaintance of Steve\'s recognizes him at a restaurant, again when Jenn\'s indiscretions nearly expose her real age, and after a party where Mick markets alcohol to minors. Eventually, each member of the team finds that the constant pretense slowly erodes their individual desires. Jenn\'s dreams of running away with a rich, older man come to a close when she realizes that she was being used by Alex. Mick has a crisis of conscience when Naomi gets into a car accident after drinking too much of a wine cooler that the family was marketing to teens. Worse, when he tries to reveal that he is homosexual to Naomi\'s brother, he punches Mick in rage. After creating nearly record-breaking numbers, Steve is offered the chance to join an "icon" unit alone. He refuses, knowing that this is Kate\'s dream and because he believes that the "family" can do it together. When Steve\'s closest friend in the community, Larry, reveals that he\'s going to lose his house because he\'s overextended his credit, Steve tries again to see if Kate wants something more than a pretend marriage. She rebuffs him, and the next day Steve discovers to his horror that Larry has committed suicide over the debts. Grief-stricken, Steve confesses to the community about the real nature of his job. With their covers blown, the rest of the Joneses leave quickly and are reassigned to a new home. Steve refuses the offer to join an icon cell and tracks the family down to their new location. There, he reunites with Kate and tries one last time to convince her to leave. Though hesitant she follows him out of town and agrees to meet his family in Arizona.'] ["The film is set in Madison, Pennsylvania, in the summer of 1972. Vada Sultenfuss  is an 11-year-old tomboy and a hypochondriac. Vada's father, Harry Sultenfuss , is an awkward widower who does not seem to understand his daughter, constantly ignoring her as a result. His profession as a funeral director, for which the Sultenfuss' residence serves as a funeral parlor, has led Vada to develop an obsession with death. She thinks that she killed her mother, since her mother died giving birth to her. Vada regularly tends to her invalid grandmother Gramoo , who suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Harry's brother Phil , who lives nearby, also stops by frequently to help out the family. Vada is teased by other girls because her best friend, Thomas J. Sennett , is unpopular and a boy. One day, Vada gets squirted with a water gun by Thomas J., which makes Vada chase Thomas J. into the woods, where they get chased by bees after Thomas J. and Vada threw rocks at their hive, which is also where Vada loses her mood ring. Vada's summer begins well. She befriends Shelly DeVoto , the new make-up artist at her father's funeral parlor, who provides her with some much needed guidance. She is also infatuated with her teacher, Mr. Bixler , and steals some money from Shelly's trailer to attend a summer writing class that he is teaching. However, things start to fall apart. Her father and Shelly start dating and get engaged. Vada cannot bring herself to tell her father that she has experienced her first menstrual cycle; Shelly explains it after Vada runs around the house yelling that she is hemorrhaging. A couple of days later, Vada and Thomas J. sit at the dock by the river and end up kissing. Then, Thomas J. goes into the forest to look for Vada's mood ring and finds it, but gets stung by the bees and dies of an allergic reaction. Vada discovers that Mr. Bixler is about to get married to someone else. Shelly and Harry get into an argument at Thomas J's funeral, and Shelly angrily tells Harry that life isn't just about death, as well as not to ignore the living, especially his daughter. Vada's grief, however, manages to mend the rift between her and her father. She learns that her mother's death after her birth wasn't her fault . Eventually Vada makes a new friend, and not only comes to terms with her pain and grief, but also overcomes some of her previous issues as well."] ['In the Netherlands of the 1920s, Dreverhaven , a dreaded bailiff, is found dead, with a knife sticking out of his stomach. The obvious suspect is Jacob Willem Katadreuffe , an ambitious young lawyer who worked his way up from poverty, always managing to overcome Dreverhaven\'s personal attacks against him. Katadreuffe was seen leaving Dreverhaven\'s office on the afternoon of the murder. He is arrested and taken to police headquarters, where he reflects back on the story of his long relationship with Dreverhaven, who, police learn, is also Katadreuffe\'s father. The story begins when Katadreuffe\'s taciturn mother, Joba , worked as a housekeeper for Dreverhaven. During that time, they had sex only once . She becomes pregnant and leaves her employer to make a living for herself and her son. Time and again she rejects Dreverhaven\'s offers by mail to marry. Even as a child, Katadreuffe\'s path crosses with Dreverhaven, often with dire consequences. When he is arrested for a boyish prank and tells the police that Dreverhaven is his father, Dreverhaven refuses to recognize him as his son. When, as a young man, he unwittingly takes a loan from Dreverhaven\'s bank to purchase a failed cigar store, Dreverhaven sues him to win the money back. Still, Katadreuffe manages to pay back the debt, finding a clerical position in a law firm. He does this even though most of his education is derived from reading an incomplete set of encyclopedias that he happens to find as a boy in his mother\'s apartment. After paying back the debt, Katadreuffe implores Dreverhaven to give him a second loan so that he can pass the bar examination. Dreverhaven agrees, on the condition that he can call back the loan at any time. Despite his efforts to hinder his son, Katadreuffe manages to pass the examination. On the afternoon of the murder he storms into Dreverhaven\'s office to pay the final installment on the loan. A fight ensues, and Katadreuffe attacks Dreverhaven before leaving. All around people see him as he marches out of the office. However, the police discover that Katadreuffe left Dreverhaven at 5:00 p.m., while Dreverhaven died at 11:00 p.m. It transpires that Dreverhaven actually committed suicide. His will is produced, leaving all of his considerable wealth to his son. The will is signed "Vader" .'] ['An Englishwoman travels to Morocco with her two young daughters, where they deal with and adjust to the culture and people of the area. Told from the perspective of the youngest daughter, the story provides insight into the Moroccan atmosphere. Based on the 1992 novel by Esther Freud.'] ['Mac Sledge , a washed up, alcoholic country singer, awakens at a run-down Texas roadside motel and gas station after a night of heavy drinking. He meets the owner, a young widow named Rosa Lee , and offers to work in exchange for a room. Rosa Lee, whose husband was killed in the Vietnam War, is raising her young son, Sonny ([[Allan Hubbard , on her own. She agrees to let Mac stay under the condition that he does not drink while working. The two begin to develop feelings for one another, mostly during quiet evenings sitting alone and sharing bits of their life stories. Mac resolves to give up alcohol and start his life anew. After some time passes, he and Rosa Lee wed. They start attending a Baptist church on a regular basis. One day, a newspaper reporter visits the hotel and asks Mac whether he has stopped recording music and chosen an anonymous life. When Mac refuses to answer, the reporter explains he is writing a story about Mac and has interviewed his ex-wife, Dixie Scott , a country music star who is performing nearby. After the story is printed, the neighborhood learns of Mac\'s past, and members of a local country–western band visit him to show their respect. Although he greets them politely, Mac remains reluctant to open up about his past. Later, he secretly attends Dixie\'s concert. She passionately sings several songs that Mac wrote years earlier, and he leaves in the middle of the performance. Backstage, he talks to Dixie\'s manager, his old friend Harry . Mac gives him a copy of a new song he has written and asks him to show it to Dixie. Mac tries to talk to Dixie, but she becomes angry upon seeing him and warns him to stay away from their 18-year-old daughter, Sue Anne . Mac returns home to a jealous Rosa Lee and assures her he no longer has feelings for Dixie, who he describes as "poison" to him. Later, Harry visits Mac to tell him, seemingly at Dixie\'s urging, that the country music business has changed and his new song is no good. Hurt and angry, Mac drives away and nearly crashes the car. He buys a bottle of whiskey but, upon returning home to a worried Rosa Lee and Sonny, he tells them he poured it out. He admits he tried several times to leave Rosa Lee, but found he could not. Some time later, Mac and Sonny are baptized together in Rosa Lee\'s church. Eventually, Sue Anne visits Mac, their first encounter since she was a baby. Mac asks whether she got any of his letters, and she says her mother kept them from her. Sue Anne also reports that Dixie tried to keep her from visiting Mac and that she plans to elope with her boyfriend despite her mother\'s objections. Mac admits he used to hit Dixie and that she divorced him after he tried to kill her in a drunken rage. Sue Anne asks whether Mac remembers a song about a dove he sang to her when she was a baby. He claims he does not, but after she leaves he sings to himself the hymn "On the Wings of a Dove." {{Quote box}}}} Boys at school bully Sonny about his dead father, and he and Mac grow closer. The members of the local country band ask Mac permission to perform one of his songs, and he agrees. Mac begins performing with them and they make plans to record together. His newfound happiness is interrupted when he learns Sue Anne has been killed in a car accident. Mac attends his daughter\'s funeral at Dixie\'s lavish home in Nashville and comforts her when she breaks down. Back home, Mac keeps quiet about his emotional pain, although he wonders aloud to Rosa Lee why his once sorry existence has been given meaning and, on the other hand, his daughter died. Throughout his mourning, Mac continues his new life with Rosa Lee and Sonny. In the final scene, Sonny finds a football Mac has left him as a gift. Mac watches the hotel from a field across the road and sings "On the Wings of a Dove" to himself. Sonny thanks him for the football and the two play catch together in the field.'] ["{{Plot}} Husband and wife Rawdon  and Miranda  are soulmates. Their love for each other is palpable as they lie in bed treasuring their 6 month old daughter Quincey. Miranda fantasizes about the speech she plans to make when, one day in their future, she will give this tiny infant away at her wedding. Tragically, when Quincey is 3, Miranda is killed in a car accident and Rawdon is left alone, unmoored, to continue life without the love of his life. Fortunately Rawdon still has Quincey. Staying as strong as he can he takes her to the roof of a skyscraper and explains that Mommy is now an angel. It is up here that for the first time they see a vision of Miranda as an angel. Rawdon continues to see visions of her. Initially these visions help him—at home she gives him advice about parenting; in Portugal she softens his hardness; when he hides in the closet to isolate himself she snaps some sense into him and insists that Rawdon keep her mother, father and brother—Quincey's Grandparents  and Uncle Jack  – firmly in Quincey's life. Rawdon explains these visions to his therapist Paula  as she helps him with the long grieving process and over a period of years, with Quincey growing before our eyes, Rawdon tries to move on with his life. He tries to date other women. Disastrously. He falls instantly in love with Sam  who ends up becoming his good friend and a surrogate Aunt to Quincey. He dates other including Kimberly  who Quincey wisely suggests is far better suited to her Uncle Jack. And she is right. When Jack and Kimberly get married, Rawdon is their best man. All the while Miranda's metaphysical presence is with him. He goes from needing her, to blaming her, being angry at her. But for a long, long time he won't let her go away. Part of him wants her to stay alive in his imagination forever and gradually this presence that helped him initially eventually becomes an impediment to his moving on in life. In contrast to her Dad's stagnation, Quincey is growing up fast , and in no time she is dating, stealing cars, trying to set her Dad up with her best friend's divorced Moms, going off to University and falling in love with a Frenchman named Philippe. It is not until Rawdon finally plucks up the courage to ask out somebody who might just be right for him that he finally, tearfully, asks Miranda to leave him. This is ultimately a coming of age story. We watch Quincey literally come of age whilst her father, emotionally, comes of age. He eventually gives up the now stultifying memory of his dead wife and arrives at a new beginning. The end of this story is also the beginning of another where Rawdon, surrounded by the people he loves—but without Miranda—finds himself giving Quincey away at her wedding to Philippe. And here he makes the speech that Miranda made in bed with him and Quincey so many years before."] ["Margot  is a successful but neurotic writer who brings her 11-year-old son Claude  to spend a weekend visiting her free-spirited sister Pauline  on the eve of her wedding to Malcolm . Margot disapproves of Pauline's choice of fiancé, which causes tension between the two sisters."] ['The successful couple Linda Spector  and Michael Spector  have been married for ten years and desperately want to be parents. They try to conceive but are unable. They turn to an adoption agency and meet the pregnant 17-year old Lucy . She thinks the couple can provide better for her baby than she and her boyfriend Sam . The Spectors take care of Lucy during her pregnancy and they become close but Lucy becomes uncertain about giving up her baby.'] ['The film focuses upon three 14-year-old high school freshman girls: Dawn , Becca , and Hannah . Hannah finds herself on the receiving end of peer pressure from her friends to engage in oral sex with Nick, whom Hannah likes. She believes that she has to behave in a particular fashion in order to fit in with her more sexually-active peers. As Hannah becomes more sexually advanced, she does not reveal her sexual encounters and activities with Nick to her mother, who is quite concerned about the subject. Hannah regards her mother\'s concern as being intrusive, knowing she would be shocked if she knew. When Hannah\'s best friend Dawn gets syphilis, the school nurses begin widespread testing. It soon becomes evident that the school is experiencing a syphilis epidemic. Although Nick is identified as the main spreader of the disease, he does not appreciate the serious nature of the issue and refuses to be tested, mocking those who undergo testing. Dawn reluctantly gets tested and discovers that she has contracted the disease. She realizes the consequences of her behavior and encourages her friends to get tested as well. Hannah notices a sore in her mouth one morning and decides to see the nurse, who tells Hannah that she is also infected. Thus, Hannah is forced to deal with the consequences of her actions. When Hannah\'s mother finds out about the syphilis spread, she launches an effort to alert parents about their children\'s dangerous behavior. Although she is certain that other parents will share her level of concern in helping their children, she is shocked by some of the parents\' indifferent attitudes to their children\'s actions. Meanwhile, Becca is outraged when her religious parents decide to send her to boarding school, and Hannah is alienated at school because of her mother. She leaves her house one night and goes to her friend Tommy\'s house. They both realize they like each other and make out. Hannah wants to have sex, but Tommy refuses, explaining that he likes her but wishes to wait, as they are too young. Hannah becomes even more emotionally distraught and runs off. When Hannah\'s parents return home and see that she is gone, her mother goes off to find her. Walking around by herself in the street, Hannah calls Dawn and Becca. Dawn is grounded and is not allowed to speak with Hannah and Becca is making out in a car with two boys. Hannah goes to a party, where many of the kids from her school are present, looking for Becca. Brad, the party\'s host, directs Hannah to the basement and when she realizes that Becca is not there, he attempts to have sex with her. Tommy barges into the room, takes a picture of Brad and threatens to send it to 911. Brad leaves Hannah and ends the party. Tommy takes Hannah back to his house and calls her parents. They come to fetch her, relieved to see she is alright. Hannah apologizes to them and her mother promises that things will be better from now on. The end of the film shows Becca has snuck back into her room and begins to cry. Dawn is playing Scrabble with her mother as her sister, Tess, sneaks off to Dawn\'s room. Then she picks up one of Dawn\'s "sexy" shirts, takes off her glasses and models in front of the mirror. At the end of the film, Alexis Dziena appears to give a public service announcement urging teens to wait to have sex because of both physical and emotional consequences.'] ['In the fall of 1954, the Kurtzmans, a Jewish family, live in Forest Park, a suburban neighborhood in the northwest section of Baltimore. At the beginning of the film, Nate, the father, runs a burlesque theatre, and engages in a community numbers racket. His wife Ada stays home and takes care of the household. Van, the older son, attends the University of Baltimore, while Ben is finishing his final year in high school. Ben meets Sylvia, an African-American girl, who begins attending his school after the district has been integrated. Ben immediately starts to develop feelings towards Sylvia, and introduces himself. The two become close based on a mutual love for Little Richard, James Brown, jazz musicians, and black comedians. Sylvia\'s father, an affluent doctor, disapproves of their relationship and forbids them to see one another. On Halloween, Ben dresses up as Adolf Hitler, which offends his parents greatly. Van and his friends head over to a party in a predominantly bourgeois, gentile section of Baltimore. Van is attracted to a mysterious blonde woman. A fight between one of Van\'s buddies and a gentile erupts and Trey, one of the party-goers, drunkenly crashes his car into the house. Van must leave the mystery woman. Trey goes to court for the car crash. Van and his friends are there as witnesses. After the court session expires, Van asks several of the other party attendants about the blonde woman he met. Trey discovers that the girl Van has fallen in love with is Dubbie, his own girlfriend. Meanwhile, Nate\'s burlesque theatre has problems. In order to boost returns on the numbers game, an additional bonus number is added which will increase the pay-off. Little Melvin, a local drug dealer, makes a large bet, defies expectations and hits the number. Unable to pay on that big a win, Nate is then forced to cut Melvin a "slice of the pie". When Nate offers Melvin the numbers business instead, Melvin claims that Nate is trying to "Jew" him out of his money and a fight breaks out between their bodyguards. Sylvia gives Ben two tickets to see James Brown in concert. At the concert Ben and his friend are the only white patrons in the audience. Van and his friends head out to a gathering, where he again runs into Dubbie and learns of her relationship with Trey. Little Melvin then spots Nate\'s car off of Pennsylvania Avenue in the African American neighborhood where James Brown is in concert and after seeing Ben and his friend inside, he deduces that one of them must be Nate\'s son. After the concert, Melvin abducts Ben, Sylvia and their friends from the concert in a payback to Nate\'s racket. Van has word that Trey is in surgery after a car accident. He and Dubbie go see him in Virginia. Nate and his associates at the nightclub are charged and booked with prostitution and racketeering. Before leaving for prison, he manages to attend Ben and Sylvia\'s high school graduation. She is attending Spelman College, a historically black college in Atlanta; he is staying to attend the University of Maryland. As the film closes, the scene shows Ben\'s family attending a Jewish ceremony as the father walks out of the synagogue and blows a kiss to his wife. In a voice-over of Ben\'s adult voice, he reflects on his childhood with memories of his kiss with Sylvia, his father, and his bittersweet coming-of-age in 1950\'s Baltimore.'] ["Young David  seems to have a normal middle-class life in the suburban world outside New York City. When David's father  leaves his alcoholic wife  after 17 years, David is forced to become parent to his siblings and caregiver to his alcoholic mother. Theater coach Kenny  becomes enamoured of David. Overwhelmed by his home situation, David is weakened and falls prey to the taboo. Giving in to Kenny's advances, David becomes involved with drugs and alcohol."] ["Saga returns to his village after a long absence, and finds that his father has married Nogma, his fiancee, during his leave. Nogma has become his second wife, and by law, Saga's mother. Saga runs away and builds a straw hut near the village. Still in love, Saga and Nogma begin an affair, with Nogma telling her parents she is going to visit her aunt, then running to Saga's hut. After the affair is discovered, Saga's father decrees that he must die for dishonoring the family. Nogma's father hangs himself from a tree, and Nogma is disowned by her mother at her father's funeral. Saga's brother Kougri is selected to execute Saga. He pretends to kill Saga so as to restore the family's honor. Saga and Nogma then run away to another village, and the family falls apart. As Saga and Nogma begin to build a life, Nogma tells Saga that she is pregnant. Meanwhile, Kougri comes to regret his failiure to kill Saga. After Saga's birth mother dies, Saga returns to the village, exposing Kougri's failure to carry out his father's orders. Kourgri's father tells him he is banished. Kourgi then picks up Saga's rifle and shoots him for having brought ruin to the family and his own life. He then walks off into exile and probable death."] ['Visconti\'s retelling of the Electra story starts with Sandra/Electra  returning to her ancestral home in Italy - and reviving an intimate involvement with her brother  which troubles her naive American husband ([[Michael Craig  - on the eve of an official ceremony commemorating the death of her Jewish father in a Nazi concentration camp. As ever with Visconti, he is ambivalently drawn to the decadent society he is ostensibly criticising; and Armando Nannuzzi\'s camera lovingly caresses the creaking old mansion, set in a landscape of crumbling ruins, where the incestuous siblings determine to wreak revenge on the mother  and stepfather  who supposedly denounced their father. Something like a Verdi opera without the music, the result may not quite achieve tragedy, but it looks marvellous. The title, culled from the poem "Le ricordanze"Leopardi\'s poem full text at http://www.pensieriparole.it/poesie/poesie-d-autore/poesia-18146; English translation at Google Books by Giacomo Leopardi, could be translated as \'Glimmering stars of the Great Bear\', and has a strong resonance with the movie\'s plot: : Vaghe stelle dell\'Orsa, io non credea : Tornare ancor per uso a contemplarvi : Sul paterno giardino scintillanti, : E ragionar con voi dalle finestre : Di questo albergo ove abitai fanciullo, : E delle gioie mie vidi la fine. English translation: : Glimmering stars of the Great Bear, : I never thought I\'d be back to see you : Shining down on my father\'s garden, : Nor talk to you ever again from the windows : Of this house where I spent my childhood : And saw the last of my happiness vanish.'] ['One summer in the small, sleepy town of Antler, Texas, Toby Wilson\'s life changes. Toby is a boy who lives with his parents, but his mother runs off to Nashville to become a singer. Later, he and his best friend Cal McKnight meet a fat, adolescent sideshow freak named Zachary Beaver, who has no parents or friends. Zachary, "The Fattest Boy Ever," spends most of his time in a camp trailer; he is abandoned by the person who watches him from the circus. Toby and Cal get to know him, and soon become friends with him. They cope with the loss of Cal\'s brother, Wayne, who usually takes them out for snow cones and, who joins the army and later dies, which makes Cal really upset, and Toby doesn\'t come to his funeral to bring Zachary somewhere in his dad\'s truck, and they get stranded in the middle of nowhere but get home. Zachary\'s home will be taken away, and Toby gets in trouble with his father, and Cal is very upset at him and gives him back all the money he borrowed from him and tells him his mother is never coming back like Wayne. Toby gives a country girl he likes a necklace, which was his mother\'s, but she gives it back to him. He got to have his dance with her after her boyfriend broke up with her. Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him down to a lake and they help Zachary get baptized in a lake with a pastor; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him. He leaves town with them and says goodbye to his new friends.'] ["The story unfolds as the young Koharu , the daughter of a pharmacist in a modest neighborhood of Tokyo, is about to get married to the son of a prestigious family and even before the event everybody is anxious that the younger brother of Koharu's mother, Ginko  might join the wedding ceremony, as he is considered to be the black sheep of the family and even Ginko and Koharu consider him to be an embarrassment, even though he has lived with the family for quite some time after the death of Koharu's father. As the invitations to the wedding had been returned to the sender, everybody is relieved that the younger brother Tetsuro  will not show up as he has embarrassed the family in the past with his childish behavior and his drunkenness. But during the party after the ceremony he turns up anyway in a loaned kimono and even after Ginko warns him, he starts drinking heavily and causes a ruckus, which is unsettling the groom's family. During the event he reveals his special relationship to Koharu: Her father asked him to name her, something he is still particularly proud of as every other endeavor in his life failed miserably. After the event the family is forced to apologize formally to the groom's family and the oldest brother of Ginko and Tetsuro severs all ties with his younger brother. After staying with Ginko for a short time, she lends him money to go back to Osaka where he came from in the first place. Her uncle's behavior casts a shadow over Koharu's marriage and soon she has got to move in with her mother again. Even Ginko's patience with her brother comes to an end when she is forced to reimburse a lover of his who had entrusted him with her savings which he has gambled away. Now even Ginko severs her ties with Tetsuro and does not want to hear from him anymore: When he visits her next time, Ginko and Koharu throw him out. Some time passes while Koharu struggles with her ultimate divorce and tries to get her life back together and starts a new relationship with a shy carpenter from the neighborhood. Finally Ginko- who has secretly filled a missing person report- gets the news that Tetsuro has been hospitalized in Osaka. Despite his misbehavior, she is deeply worried and visits him in Osaka, learning that he is terminally ill with lung cancer and living in a hospice. Despite his illness, Tetsuro has neither lost his sense of humor, nor his childish character and Ginko is moved to see him being merry among the other patients and the staff of the hospice who have learned to enjoy his character. Tetsuro predicts his own day of death, telling Ginko that the buddha told him in a dream. When the day draws closer, Ginko gets the news that Tetsuro's health is deteriorating. She hurries to Osaka and finds him being as cheerful as ever, even tricking her into giving him a drink through his feeding tube. When his death gets closer, Koharu arrives as well and finally forgives her uncle on his deathbed. Some time later Koharu makes preparations for her upcoming wedding with the shy carpenter. Around the dinner table Ginko's senile mother-in-law suggests inviting Tetsuro and Koharu and Ginko agree, moved to tears by their memories."] ['A British ghostly haunting story spanning two worlds, two centuries apart. In 1945, at the end of World War II, 13-year-old Tolly finds he can travel mysteriously between the present and 1805 and he begins an adventure that unlocks family secrets laid buried for generations.'] ["A retired couple, Shukichi and Tomi Hirayama  live in the town of Onomichi in southwest Japan with their unmarried youngest daughter Kyoko . The couple travel to Tokyo to visit their son and daughter and daughter-in-law. Their eldest son, Koichi , is a pediatrician with two sons. Their eldest daughter, Shige , runs a hairdressing salon. Koichi and Shige are both busy with work and their families, and do not have much time for their parents. Only the couple's widowed daughter-in-law, Noriko , goes out of her way to entertain them. She takes them on a sightseeing tour of metropolitan Tokyo. Koichi and Shige pay for their parents' stay at a hot spring spa at Atami, but the parents return early because the nightlife at the hotel interrupts their sleep. When they return, Shige explains that she sent them to Atami because she wanted to use their bedroom for a meeting. Tomi goes to stay with Noriko, whose husband died eight years ago in the war. Tomi advises Noriko to remarry. Shukichi, meanwhile, gets drunk with some old friends, then returns to Shige's salon. The couple remark on how their children have changed, and they leave for home. During the journey Tomi is taken ill, and they make an unplanned stop at Osaka, where they had planned to meet their youngest son, Keizo , without dismounting from the train. When they reach Onomichi, Tomi becomes critically ill. Koichi, Shige and Noriko rush to Onomichi, on receiving telegrams, to see Tomi, who dies shortly afterwards. Keizo arrives late as he is outstationed. After the funeral, Koichi, Shige and Keizo decide to leave immediately, with only Noriko not returning. After they leave, Kyoko complains to Noriko that they are selfish and inconsiderate. Noriko responds that everyone has their own life to lead and that the drift between parents and children is inevitable. After Kyoko leaves for school, Noriko informs her father-in-law that she must return to Tokyo that afternoon. Shukichi tells her that she has treated them best despite not being related by blood. Noriko insists on her own selfishness; Shukichi credits her protests to humility. He gives her a watch from the late Tomi as a memento, and advises her to remarry. Noriko breaks down in tears and confesses her loneliness. At the end, the train with Noriko speeds from Onomichi back to Tokyo, leaving behind Kyoko and Shukichi."] ["Holly Crosby is the daughter of Nick Crosby, the owner of Santaville, an amusement park focusing on Christmas, open 365 days a year. Fed up with being the second fiddle of her father, who is devoted to the amusement park with all of his heart and soul, she leaves him in her teenage years. Years later, she is a successful businesswoman in the big city. Although devoted to her work, she does not have a social life. One day, near Christmas, she receives a call from Peter, her father's employee, informing her he was injured in a sleighing accident. Although she is estranged from her father, she immediately packs her bags and heads back to Santaville. There, she does not plan on staying a very long time. Her father, on the other hand, is delighted by her arrival and is enthusiastic about spending Christmas with her. This upsets Peter, who notices the coldness of Holly and her lack of interest in Christmas. Holly soon finds out Peter is a guy she met in her teenage years and that she inspired his interest in The Nutcracker. She is shocked to discover that her father is near bankruptcy and that he will lose Santaville. She tries to prevent this, and although she has trouble collecting the finance, she softens up in the process, grows closer to Peter, and remembers the true meaning of Christmas. One day, she meets Ben Richards, a seemingly friendly financial adviser who decides to help her save Santaville. This makes Peter jealous, who has secretly fallen in love with Holly. She and Ben help Nick get a silent partner, but Nick is not interested, much to Holly's anger. Upset with him, she decides to confront him with being the second fiddle. He explains that he has trouble dealing with her mother's death and that he has thrown himself on his work so he would not be forced to deal with the grief. They reconcile and he finally allows her to help him. Holly convinces Nick to sign a partnership with Ben, but she finds out that Ben was only interested in Nick's money and that he tried to set him up. When the Crosbys find out they will have to come up with $50,000 to save Santaville, they start a nationwide promotion for the amusement park. Although a lot of people travel to the amusement park, it proves not to be enough to save Santaville. In the end, Peter saves the day by selling his Nutcracker dolls he has made as a hobby for a large sum. Nick kisses Ginny, a devoted employee who always has had a crush on him. In a voice-over, Holly announces that she has married Peter and that she is expecting to have his baby."] ['The film opens focused upon James\' friend Ryan Quinn, being forced to put on his wellington boots to go to visit his father, who is in jail. He\'d rather play with James instead and runs off while his mother is not looking. Ryan meets James at the canal and during some rough-house play he is drowned, clearly with James bearing much of the blame for not having raised the alarm. James believes his inaction has gone unnoticed. The film follows the sensitive James as he tries to come to terms with his guilt, and make sense of the insensitive aspects of his environment. His one escape comes when he takes a bus to the end of the line and ends up in the outskirts of the city, where a new housing estate is under construction. He explores the half-built houses, and wonders in awe at the view from the kitchen window: an expansive field of wheat, blowing in the wind and reaching to the horizon. In a scene central to the film, he climbs through the window and escapes into the blissful freedom of the field. James befriends a girl, Margaret Anne, whom he tries to help after her glasses are thrown into the canal by the local gang. James and Margaret Anne become close friends. She is his only other relief from his home environment. She has problems of her own, allowing herself to be abused by the local gang. The two find comfort in each other\'s company. In a memorable scene, one of James\'s friends, Kenny, receives a pet mouse as a birthday present. After the gang throw the mouse around to make him "fly", Kenny ties the mouse\'s tail to a balloon and we see it float to the moon where it joins a whole colony of other mice frolicking on the moon. The same friend falls in the canal later and is rescued by James\' father, making him briefly into a local hero. Ryan\'s family are eventually re-housed and on the day of leaving, Ryan\'s mother gives James the pair of brown sandals she had bought for Ryan on the day of his death. Though the military eventually comes and cleans up all the garbage in the neighborhood, James realizes that his situation will most likely never change. He plunges himself into the canal, and we are shown a brief scene is which James\'s family is moving into a new neighborhood.'] ['The film begins with Sarah Cain , a successful columnist at the fictional Portland Times in Portland, Oregon. Her daily column has been rejected by her boss Bill  who claims that she once wrote about her life and is now writing cheesy columns. She is furious and heads to a restaurant where she meets with her boyfriend Bryan . Sarah\'s phone rings: It is Lyddie, Sarah\'s niece. Sarah\'s older sister, Ivy, has just died of heart failure. Sarah hurries to Lancaster County, Pennsylvania for the funeral. Her sister was a member of an Amish community, and Sarah had never forgiven Ivy for leaving her alone in an orphanage. As the sole surviving relative, the court appoints Sarah as the legal guardian for the five children. 16-year-old Lyddie  and other members of the Amish community protest because they do not want an outsider to raise the children. Lyddie and another Amish member, Miriam , convince Sarah to stay the night. While there, knowing that her deadline is coming up for her column, Sarah writes about her day\'s events and sends them to Bill as a last resort. The next day at the hearing, Sarah receives a surprising e-mail about her piece: The readers loved it and want more. Sarah takes the children back to Portland. Lyddie stays at home and does the daily chores. Despite being labeled as a freak at school Caleb  makes it on the wrestling team; after a bad first day Anna Mae  gains attention after borrowing Sarah\'s clothing to fit in. Josiah  hates it there. Only Hannah  is accepted on her first day in kindergarten class. Bill likes the attention that the articles about the Amish children have produced, but Sarah rejects further offers of having the column being about them. Meanwhile, Madison , Sarah\'s rival at the same paper, gets wind of where the children attend school and a news team shows up during one of Caleb\'s wrestling matches. Later that night Sarah admits to the kids that the situation has spun out of control. As Sarah is leaving the community, the children rush to catch up with her. Sarah stops and Lyddie hands her a letter that Ivy had written which contains her last wishes. It is only then that the truth is revealed: Ivy wanted Sarah to have the kids as an apology for breaking her heart, saying that they would be "blessings to [her] as they were to me". Sarah immediately changes her mind and finally decides to stay at the community with her nieces and nephews. The ending shows Sarah writing a book titled My Redemption. Bryan comes over to visit before a business meeting and brings her a piece of her favorite cheesecake as the scene fades.'] ["After his mother died, 12 year old Seth George  goes to live with his grandparents on their farm. Grouchy old Murdock  is not very happy with the presence of his grandson and is rather hard on him. He was strongly opposed to the mixed marriage of his daughter and doesn't want to hear anything about Seth's Indian father who died a hero in Vietnam when Seth was still a baby. His grandmother  on the other hand was very fond of Seth but after a while she passes away. Seth also meets the charming yet sporting Annie Jacobs . Seth struggles at the farm with his grumpy grandfather and strives to win Annie's heart at the same time. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0160481/plotsummary"] ['Eight-year-old Ana, stoic and quiet approaches her father\'s bedroom where she hears a woman in bed with her father, confessing her love for him. Descending the stairs, she spies an attractive middle-aged woman, hastily dressing and rushing from the bedroom to the front door of the darkened house. The woman and Ana exchange glances but do not speak. Once the woman has left, Ana enters her father\'s bedroom and finds the man dead, apparently from a heart attack. As if not really understanding the gravity of the situation, Ana unflappably takes away a half-full glass of milk, which she carries to the kitchen and cleans. In the kitchen, she sees her mother, who chides her for being up so late and sends her off to bed. Reality and fantasy swap places. The bizarre death of Ana\'s father, who will prove to be a Fascist military man, is real. The apparently banal appearance of the mother at the fridge, on the other hand, is in fact fantasized by the grieving child. Ana\'s mother is already dead; her image is only a fanciful illusion of the little girl\'s mind. Blaming her mother\'s illness and death on her father, Ana has dissolved a mysterious powder she believes to be a potent poison in his milk glass as a willful act of murder. Her belief in the power of the poison is thus confirmed when her father dies.  At the wake of Ana\'s father, she sees again the mysterious woman she had previously seen fleeing her father\'s bedroom on the night of his death. The woman, Amelia, is the wife of her father\'s close friend and fellow military officer. Ana\'s satisfaction of having rid herself of her father\'s presence is short lived, for her mother\'s sister, her Aunt Paulina, soon arrives to set the house in order, turning out to be every bit the cold authoritarian Ana\'s father had been. The all-female household is completed by the children\'s grandmother, mute and immobile in a wheelchair, and the feisty, fleshy housekeeper, Rosa. Ana takes refuge in the basement, where she keeps her \'lethal\' powder, and where she is watched by an apparition of herself from twenty years in the future. The adult Ana, looking exactly as her mother, recounts her infancy: \'I don\'t believe in childhood paradise, or in innocence, or the natural goodness of children. I remember my childhood as a long period of time, interminable, sad, full of fear, fear of the unknown\'. The little rituals of everyday life fill Ana\'s days during her summer school vacation. Tortured by the memories of her mother\'s illness, Ana rebels against her aunt\'s authoritarian style, and in bouts of loneliness she variously imagines her mother\'s continued presence, or even her own suicide. Though diverted by the presence of her two sisters, Ana\'s only truly close companions are the family maid, Rosa, and her pet guinea pig, Roni, whom she discovers dead in his cage one morning. Ana’s mother\'s painful death from cancer; her father\'s presumed murder, her guinea pig\'s death and her own imagined suicide weigh on the girl\'s mind. Ana even offers her grandmother, ill and using a wheelchair, the opportunity of dying and ridding herself from loneliness by providing her a spoonful of her poison. The old woman turns down Ana\'s offer as the old woman realizes that the powder is simply baking soda. The adult Ana explains the notion of the mysterious powder that the child Ana had so dearly coveted: it was nothing more than bicarbonate of soda that her mother once told her was a powerful poison, so powerful that one spoonful would kill an elephant. She further explains her motivation in wanting to kill her father: "The only thing I remembered perfectly is that then my father seemed responsible for the sadness that weighted on my mother in the last years of her life. I was convinced that he, and he alone, had provoked her illness." Ana, still believing that she has murdered her father, attempts to poison her aunt with the same powder. She repeats the preparation of milk with the mysterious substance, but the next morning awakens for the first day of school to find that Paulina is still alive. Ana and her two sisters leave the lugubrious family compound and march into the vibrant and noisy city that has all but been shut out from their world up to this point.'] ['Barry Fitzgerald appears as an orator in the first scene of the film, but has no other role. In the slums of Dublin during the Irish Civil War, Captain Boyle ([[Edward Chapman  lives in a two room tenement flat with his wife Juno  and children Mary  and Johnny . Juno has dubbed her husband "Captain Paycock" because she thinks him as useful and vain as a Peacock. Juno works while the Captain loafs around the flat when not drinking up the family\'s meager finances at the neighborhood pub. Daughter Mary has a job but is presently on strike against the victimization of a co-worker. Son Johnny has become a semi invalid after losing an arm and severely injuring his hip in a fight with the Black and Tans during the Irish War of Independence. Although Johnny has taken the Anti-Treaty side during the continuing Irish Civil War, he has recently turned in a fellow IRA member to the Irish Free State police. As a result, Captain Paycock tells his friend Joxer  of his disgust for his son. Daughter Mary is courted by Jerry Devine ([[Dave Morris  but dumps him for Charlie Bentham  who whisks her away after telling Mary\'s family the Captain is to receive an inheritance. The elated Captain borrows money against the  inheritance and spends it freely on new furniture and a Victrola. Family friends are invited to an impromptu party at the once shabby tenement. The Captain soon learns the inheritance was a lie by Charles to gain Mary\'s favors. The Captain keeps the bad news a secret until creditors show up. Even Joxer turns on the Captain and gleefully spreads the news of the nonexistent inheritance. The furniture store repossesses the furniture. The tailor demands money for new clothes. Pub owner Mrs. Madigan’  takes the Victrola to cover the Captain\'s bar tab. The worst is yet to come, however. Mary reveals that she has shamed the family by becoming pregnant by Charles, who has long since disappeared. Her former fiancé Jerry proclaims his love for Mary and offers to marry her back until he learns of her pregnancy. As a parting shot, it is revealed that Johnny\'s body has been found riddled with bullets. Almost certainly through Joxer, the Anti-Treaty IRA has learned of his status as an informer for the Garda Síochána. Realizing that their family has been destroyed, Mary declares, "It\'s true. There is no God." Although completely shattered, Juno shushes her daughter, saying that they will need both Christ and the Blessed Virgin to deal with their grief. Alone, however, she laments her son\'s fate before the religious statues in the family\'s empty tenement.'] ["Diana Sullivan  is a successful Manhattan writer and photojournalist, seemingly oblivious to the serious cocaine addicition that her wild child daughter Grace  has developed. A commission by Cosmopolitan magazine to write an article about a lost branch of Diana's family leads them deep into the bayous of Louisiana, where they encounter Diana's distant cousin, Ruth . Married at 12 to an abusive man whose current whereabouts are an increasingly troubling cipher, Ruth rules over her 3 adult sons, all less than perfectly cogent, with equal parts protectiveness and ferocity, while a fourth, disowned son adds to the volatility of the situation. As the fascinated Diana and wary Ruth circle one another, Grace, bored and in grip of her addiction, toys with her naive cousins with devastating consequences."] ['Opening on a pub near Loch Ness, a scientist named Dr. Abernathy steps out for some air. Standing on the shore of the loch, he sees something rise from the water. Astonished, he takes a single photograph before slipping and falling on the rocks, killing him. A short time later in Los Angeles, disgruntled freshman college tutor, Dr. John Dempsey , is obligated to journey to Scotland to replace Dr. Abernathy, who was searching for the Loch Ness Monster. Dempsey is reluctant to do so, as he ruined his respected zoology career after a fruitless three year search for the Sasquatch and is now considered a joke amongst his colleagues. The only reason he agrees to go is because he is broke and cannot pay alimony to his demanding ex-wife, Caroline, whom he once named a newly discovered species of wasp after. Dempsey travels to Scotland and reluctantly begins on a cryptozoology mission along with Adrian Foote , former assistant to Dr. Abernathy and an eager young Scottish man who fanatically believes in the existence of the creature. Dempsey repeatedly claims there is no mystery and that the monster is just a hoax created by the locals of Loch Ness to support their economy. John books into a small inn and meets his grouchy landlady, Laura McFetridge  and her nine year old daughter, Isabel, who quickly grows close to John. John quickly finds himself in hot water with the locals, in particular one named Andy McLean , who sees Dempsey as a rival for the affections of Laura. The water bailiff, , guardian and protector of Loch Ness, does all he can to ensure that Dempsey fails in his search and leaves the loch empty-handed. After the sonar equipment is sabotaged by the locals, Dempsey confronts the water bailiff, who insists that the mystery of Loch Ness will never be destroyed. Dempsey challenges him to "come out and watch him". After scanning the entire loch and finding nothing, Dempsey declares it is the end of the Loch Ness monster, leaving Adrian crushed, but the subsequent argument between them ends on a slightly reconciliatory note when Dempsey tells Adrian that, despite his scepticism, he did want to find the monster. Throughout the film, Laura overcomes her initial dislike of Dempsey and they quickly grow attracted to each other. Isabel possesses a second sight and is able to foretell certain things, such as her mother\'s growing affection for Dempsey. The day before Dempsey\'s departure from Loch Ness, Adrian brings him the remainder of Dr. Abernathy\'s possessions, including his camera. The next morning Adrian is awakened by Dempsey, who says they are going back out for another sweep of the loch. He reveals that after developing the pictures on Abernathy\'s camera, the last picture on the roll shows a large, rhomboid shaped flipper submerging into the water. After tracking a 40 ft object chasing a school of salmon, it collides with the boat, sinking it and sending Dempsey and Adrian into water. Dempsey nearly drowns but somehow surfaces after a large dark object is seen moving in the water behind his quickly sinking body. After returning to the inn, he is ecstatic, claiming to have seen the creature while under the water. After Dempsey is beaten up by Andy McLean for "moving in on his woman", Isabel makes him a get well card which features a drawing of what she calls a "water kelpie." Dempsey realises that Isabel, too, has seen the monster, as her drawing of the creature\'s fins are identical to the picture taken by Abernathy. After Dempsey promises to buy her the red bicycle that she has always wanted, Isabel agrees to show him the monster. Later that day, Isabel leads Dempsey to a underground cavern beneath Urquhart Castle and warns him not to use lights as it scares the creatures. After a startling encounter with some sea otters, Dempsey prepares to leave, humiliated. Suddenly a plesiosaur rises from the water and Isabel is shown to know it very well, even being able to communicate with it through a series of whistle-like calls. Responding to the calls, a second creature appears, the two animals apparently being mates. While in an astonished euphoria, Dempsey ignores Isabel\'s warnings and takes a photograph, the flash alarming the creatures, causing them to dive back into the water and cause havoc. Isabel falls into the water and almost drowns and Dempsey is saved by the furious water bailiff. Dempsey develops the photographs and faces Laura\'s wrath about him using Isabel and nearly getting her killed. Laura refuses to have anything to do with Dempsey or his discovery of the monster, despite his claims that when he reveals the existence of the creatures, Laura\'s business will boom as people from all over the world come to the loch to see the monsters. Laura evicts John and Isabel is deeply hurt that Dempsey used her in such a way. Upset, but not about to give up his chance at vindication, he leaves for London to attend a press conference where he plans to reveal the photos of the monsters to the world. The water bailiff follows him on the train, imploring him not to reveal the truth of Loch Ness. Dempsey insists that exposure will be best for the creatures, claiming that science will be able to care for the creatures professionally. Scornful, the water bailiff points out the irony in that it was not science that helped his "discovery", but a little girl. He also reminds Dempsey of the harm done to the planet because of science and that these creatures have survived unaided since before the ice age. At the conference, Dempsey is unable to go through with it and replaces the real photos with Isabel\'s drawing of the "kelpie", causing an uproar while he discreetly leaves. On the way out, he tells a baffled Adrian that he had the pictures made by computer before he ever came to Scotland. Adrian, knowing the truth, understandingly plays along. Meanwhile, on a bus headed back to Loch Ness, the water bailiff discovers the pictures inside his suitcase and is moved almost to the point of tears. Dempsey returns to the inn and reunites with Laura, along with the red bicycle he promised Isabel. In Loch Ness, the plesiosaur pair is seen swimming underwater with a baby alongside.'] ["The seemingly random murder of their adoptive mother, Evelyn Mercer , in a convenience store brings four brothers from Detroit, Michigan back home to find out what happened. Originally under the impression the crime was a simple robbery-gone-wrong, the brothers soon discover that the robbery was merely a cover for what was, in fact, a hit put out on Evelyn. After this revelation, Bobby , Angel , Jeremiah  and Jack Mercer  track down the hired guns who killed Evelyn. Refusing to say anything, they are unceremoniously executed by Bobby and Angel. The next day, Detroit Police Lieutenant Green  and Detective Fowler  confront the brothers about the murders. Lieutenant Green warns them that their interference with Evelyn’s case is ill advised, and that it will eventually put them in over their heads. After confronting Jeremiah, the brothers are treated to a somewhat different version of events. Jeremiah informs them that his construction company was failing precisely because he was not getting involved with Victor Sweet, and that for a project to succeed he had to pay off the right people, which he initially failed to do. In his effort to restore his business and relieve pressure from himself, he tried to pay off Sweet's henchmen. As for the life insurance, Jeremiah explains that the money went directly to him for his daughters, because he paid all of Evelyn's bills while his other brothers were not around. Back at their home, Sweet’s men attack the brothers. Jack dies from gunshot wounds during the attack. In a rage, Bobby finds one of the gunmen still alive and executes him. When Lt. Green arrives, he tells them not to worry, and assures them it will go down as self-defense. He also informs them that Evelyn filed a police report regarding Victor Sweet and his involvement in Jeremiah's affairs, and his partner, Detective Fowler, passed on that report to Sweet. Green warns the brothers to stay out of the matter and let him handle Fowler and then they will work together on Sweet. Later at a bar Green confronts Fowler, hitting him and ordering Fowler to hand in his badge. They walk out of the bar, and Fowler kills Green and calls it into dispatch claiming two assailants had fired upon Green. Meanwhile, the remaining brothers devise a plan to buy Victor Sweet off with the $400,000 from their mother's life insurance. When Sweet accepts, Angel sets off for Fowler's. Arriving at Fowler's, he subdues him. Jeremiah then goes to meet Sweet, while Angel's girlfriend, Sofi, heads to the police station, where she tells the police that Angel is planning to kill a police officer. Hearing the sirens in the distance, Fowler thinks they are coming for Angel, until Angel removes his jacket showing a wire however, with no receiver. Angel claims the whole conversation was taped. The police arrive at Fowler's in full force, and Fowler gets the upper hand on Angel. With a gun pointed to Angel’s head, Fowler admits that he killed Lieutenant Green. Fowler tells the police to back off. Fowler opens fire on the officers outside, who return fire and kill him. Meanwhile, Jeremiah meets with Sweet. Sweet asks who will be the one to kill him just as Bobby shows up. Bobby and Sweet brawl, resulting in Bobby knocking Sweet unconscious. His former henchmen seal his fate after he is dropped in a hole carved into the ice. The three brothers, now in police custody, are beaten in an attempt to make them confess to the murder of Victor Sweet, which they do not. Back home, they set about repairing their mother's house, and continuing their lives together."] ['The story is set in Kansas in 1910. Jacob Witting, a widowed farmer who is still saddened by the death of his wife during childbirth several years earlier, finds that the task of taking care of his farm and two children, Anna and Caleb, is too difficult to handle alone. He advertises in the newspaper for a mail-order bride. Sarah, from Maine, responds describing herself as "plain and tall", and travels out to become his wife. But she grows homesick: miles and miles of Kansas farmland prove no substitute for Maine\'s ocean vistas. When she leaves for a trip into town, the children wonder if she will come back.'] ['Geppetto  dearly wishes to become a father. One day his wish is granted by the Blue Fairy , and she brings to life a wooden puppet, made by Geppetto, named Pinocchio . In the beginning, everything is rosy for the new family, yet slowly things begin to unravel, culminating with Pinocchio running away. Geppetto, thinking Pinocchio would rather live with the evil Stromboli , washes his hands of the whole matter and tries to go back to his lonely life. Stromboli, however, had kidnapped him and was using him as the main attraction in his puppet show. Geppetto finally comes to his senses and goes out to rescue Pinocchio, but he has run away from Stromboli to the infamous "Pleasure Island" . On his way there, Geppetto has several chance encounters, including a professor that creates children to precise specifications ([[René Auberjonois  and a struggling, traveling magician . Pleasure Island is not all that it seems to be and Pinocchio is turned into a donkey, with Geppetto arriving just in time to see him and to try and rescue him. They set sail on a small boat, get hit by a storm in the middle of the sea, and are swallowed by a whale. They manage to escape and forgive each other for their wrongs, and Pinocchio is turned into a "real boy" by the end of the film and all live happily ever after.'] ['{{Plot}} Pete Turner  is the leader of a good-deed-doing group, the ButterCream Gang, in the small rural town of Elk Ridge. Before he moves away to live with his aunt  in Chicago, Pete bikes over to their treehouse, searching for Scott Carpenter , Eldon Flowers , and Lanny Glenn . He climbs up to the tree, being surprised by the rest of the gang. After a brief discussion, Pete nominates Scott to become the new leader of their small band. At the bus station, Pete says good-bye to all his family and friends, then departs on the bus to Chicago. Throughout the school year, Scott and Pete keep in touch by writing letters. As President of the ButterCreamers, though shortest in stature, Scott exceeds the others in honesty and conviction. Pete and Scott exchange several letters, but after a while the two lose touch as Pete befriends a local gang. One night, Pete and his two friends are arrested for committing a petty crime in an alley. A while after the arrest, Pete returns home with his gang, the Blades, to an angry Aunt Maria. After Pete sends his gang away to save them from being scolded, Aunt Maria reveals to Pete a letter indicating that he had been expelled from school for breaking into a kid\'s locker. Aunt Maria decides to send Pete back to Elk Ridge, and says that she and Pete\'s grandfather, Mr. Turner, agree that going back to Elk Ridge would be the best thing for him. One day, Scott, Eldon and Lanny go over to Mr. Turner\'s house, hoping to find Mr. Turner. Instead, they are surprised to find that Pete was the one who was home. They are also surprised by Pete\'s new "threads". After the boys ask Pete numerous questions about his lack of contact, he replies by offering to buy them treats at Mr. Graff\'s store. There, Pete and Mr. Graff greet each other for the first time since Pete had returned to Elk Ridge, and Scott suspects Pete shoplifting some treats for the gang. While the boys wait outside, Scott notices that the treats he gave to the gang were not paid for. Later on that afternoon, while the boys set up to mow Mrs. Jenkins\' lawn, Scott calls a meeting regarding his suspicions about Pete. Eldon and Lanny doubt him. After mowing the lawn, Scott goes to borrow Margaret\'s report she had written on gangs in big cities. That night, Scott encounters Pete in his room. Pete confesses stealing, and that he would apologize and pay for the treats he stole, and would clean up his act. The next day, Regina seeks advice from Margaret: get her young friends to help Scott, Lanny and Eldon by spying on Pete. They together form a smaller, unofficial branch of the ButterCream Gang that they call the ButterCreamettes. Together, they discover that Pete started a gang with two local bullies. Together, they vandalize the town, bully young children at the play park, and a whole bunch of other dirty deeds. The afternoon before the dance, Scott, Lanny, and Eldon are in their treehouse discussing the issue of Pete\'s lack of help toward the gang. They come to an agreement that if Pete did not start helping that he would be dismembered. Margaret later comes to the treehouse, reporting to the gang the actions Pete and his friends had recently performed. Immediately afterward, she collects on the favor Scott owed her, which was to take her to the dance that night. While doing his paper route, Scott passes the cemetery on his bike, and catches Pete and his friends all biking in a circle around Margaret, verbally abusing her. Scott breaks up the circle, knocking one of Pete\'s friends off his bike to the ground. After Scott insists that Margaret leaves, the boys claim that they\'re having a little fun. After the boys insult Margaret behind her back, Scott delivers the message to Pete what he and Eldon and Lanny had agreed on. Pete then removes himself from Scott\'s gang, firmly claiming that he now had his own gang. After Pete and his friends leave, Scott then goes home to get ready for the dance. That night during the dance, in which Eldon and Lanny also attend, Pete and his friends, who happen to be at the dance and notice Scott, light a mini firecracker, which Pete throws right near where Scott and Margaret are dancing. When it explodes, this interrupts the dance. Scott then catches Pete and his gang running off, and runs after them, followed by Eldon and Lanny. Violence escalates, as Scott and Pete agree to a fight the next day in the field. The next day at Church, Scott\'s baseball coach and Pastor Reverend Willke, gives the "Was That Somebody You" speech. Specifics he claim are how an eye-for-eye or tooth-for-tooth have been replaced. During this church session, Scott suspects that Willke had known about the fight Scott had planned with Pete, by the way Willke was looking at him while giving the speech, which tied right into Scott\'s plan. Eldon and Lanny both have been thinking the same thing, but Scott calms them down by explaining that he heard Willke practicing earlier. Later that day, while Pete and his friends are waiting in the field for the fight, Eldon and Lanny arrive, claiming that Scott wanted to meet Pete alone by the rusted truck in another field. Pete then goes over, expecting a fight, but Scott, following the lecture Willke had given, claims there is a better way than fighting. When Pete claims he\'s afraid of nothing, Scott then challenges Pete to spend the day with him, if he had the guts. The next day, Pete follows up, and the two spend the day fishing in the swimming hole, as well as swimming, jumping off the diving platform they built, swinging off the rope, and skipping stones, generally reliving the good times they had together as best friends. At the end of the day, Scott and Pete are in the treehouse, reflecting on the day. Scott then further confronts Pete on his recent behavior. The conversation goes in different directions, and before Scott departs, Pete enforces to Scott that there are only two types of people: friends, and your enemies. The next day, Scott and his baseball team, the Red Sox, warm up for their championship game against the Braves. For the majority of the game, the Red Sox are dominant, leading by 6 home runs. When Pete shows up to the game, his presence somehow hurts the Red Sox\'s momentum as the Braves come back to even the score. When Scott is the last chance the Red Sox have of re-taking the lead, his concentration is thrown off by Pete, who jinxes him while Scott hits the ball, as the catcher catches the ball, eliminating Scott. An angered Scott then runs back to the fence where Pete stood on the other side, scolding him for messing him up. Mr. Turner, who was at the game, apologizes to Scott for Pete\'s behavior. Scott angrily replies, stating that Mr. Turner could send Pete back to Chicago where he belonged. Coach Willke, who is furious with Scott, removes him from the game, claiming he wanted to see him after. An ashamed Scott apologizes, and Mr. Turner forgives him. The Red Sox then lose the championship game in dramatic fashion. After the game, Scott goes to meet Coach Willke, who is understanding of Scott losing his temper after costing his team a possible shot at winning the championship. While throwing Scott a few balls for him to swing, he teaches him about Mahatma Gandhi\'s use of nonviolent resistance to deal with opposition. He also stated that an "eye-for-an-eye" makes the world blind. Scott finally hits a ball out of the ballpark, re-claiming his good hit he had seemed to lose in the game. One day, when Scott is heading over to the local Annual Picnic on his bike, he is stopped by Pete in the bush. While Pete tells Scott to never ever threaten him, Pete\'s two friends grab him off his bike, and take him into the bushes to beat him. Scott later shows up to the picnic with his nose bleeding. He meets up with Lanny and Eldon, who are concerned with Scott\'s bleeding nose. Scott tells them not to worry, and asks them to do Scott\'s paper route this afternoon without any explanation. He then heads back to the field, looking around for Pete. When they find each other, Pete is ready to fight. Scott, whom once again, followed the wisdom of his coach, walked away, whilst stating to Pete that an "eye-for-an-eye" makes the world blind. At home, Scott has another discussion with his parents. His father then teaches Scott about unconditional love. After reporting the stolen treats to Mr. Graff, claiming that Pete felt he deserved the items he stole for all the help Pete gave around the store. Graff then claims that he would give Pete the treats, in appreciation for the help, and also to prevent him from stealing. Scott then uses what his father taught him to try to redeem his friend. Scott goes over to Pete and his friends, claiming that Pete was his friend, and would always be his friend. When Pete challenges Scott to take his bike from him, Scott gives it to him. Ever since, Pete\'s gang repays his kindness with malicious pranks and assaults. Pete attempts to get back to Chicago by staging his "kidnapping". With help from a seedy drifter, money is demanded from Pete\'s grandfather under threat of Pete\'s life. But Scott and his friends, taking this at face value, attack the pretend kidnapper, who is no match for Eldon\'s patented "Earthquake Stomp". Angrily, Pete tells them off and runs off to the grocery store, where he demands money. The grocer refuses to let him rob him by offering to give him the money. Flabbergasted by this, Pete attacks the store\'s goods—terrorizing the shoppers—and sends treats flying across the room. After Scott arrives, Pete breaks down and runs away. Later in the year, Scott and his friends are pleasantly shocked to read in a newspaper article that Pete has started a new ButterCream Gang in Chicago, keeping it a complete secret from everyone. To conclude the movie, the entire town , sing Pete\'s favorite commercial lyric "You got the right one baby! Uh-huh, uh-huh".'] ['{{Expand section}} The film tells of a Kurdish family who head to İstanbul from their village in southeastern Turkey. Part of the family tries to emigrate to Norway.'] ["17 year old Rock Burdock  wins a nationwide contest for his tree to be planted across the White House. Faith Russel , marketing representative of the company Box of Toys who is in charge of the project, visits Rock and his father Corey . Corey planted the tree in their garden when Rock was born. He has reservations about the idea of transporting his tree cross country, but agrees under the condition that they deliver the tree themselves. While father and son drive the truck, Faith follows them most of the time in her car. Father and son are unable to strengthen their bonding and further dissensions arise along the way. However, Rock films the entire trip on camera and posts it on his blog. This gathers more and more fans on the internet and on the road and even causes some media coverage. Rock's internet acquaintance and love interest Katie  joins Rock on the way. Together they reach Washington, D.C on Thanksgiving. Meanwhile Faith's boss  secretly changed the plan. He wants to repeat the contest every year and therefore decides to erect the tree rather than planting it. After Faith's attempts to persuade her boss fail, the team now cuffs Rock to the tree and protest against its destruction. Using their media attention soon more people support their protest. Finally the President of the United States calls the Park ranger on his cell phone and tells him to plant the tree. Later Rock, Corey, Faith and Katie are invited to attend the Christmas lighting of the tree by the President."] ["In 1938, the Redlich family flees to Kenya from Leobschütz in Silesia, Nazi Germany, to escape the increasing persecution of the Jews. Walter, a former lawyer, finds work as a farm manager and sends for his family. His wife Jettel has trouble adjusting to life in Africa, although their daughter Regina quickly adapts to her new environment, easily learning the language of the country and showing interest in local culture. Regina soon forms a close friendship with the farm's cook, Owuor. When war breaks out, the British round up all German citizens, and hold them, whether Jew or gentile, separating men from women. The Redlichs' marriage begins to deteriorate. Jettel sleeps with a German-speaking British soldier to secure work and a home on a farm for the family, and Regina and Walter both find out. Walter decides to join the British army and wants Jettel to go to Nairobi with him, but she refuses and stays to run the farm with Owuor. Regina is sent to an English boarding school, and is kept there for years, only being able to come back every so often during the harvest season. During this time, Jettel and Süsskind develop a relationship . Walter comes back from the war, and states that the British army's policy is to send all soldiers and their families back home. Jettel refuses to go with him, saying the farm needs her. Eventually their relationship rekindles itself, and Jettel allows Walter to decide whether or not they should leave. Walter applies for a position as a judge in post-war Germany. The final scene shows Walter, Regina, and Jettel traveling on an African train, as the train stops, and an African woman offers Jettel a banana, only to show her how much Africa meant to her."] ["Ananda Majumdar, a wealthy, retired industrialist, suddenly falls ill during a ceremony in honor of his seventieth birthday. Three of his sons rush immediately to his bedside. The fourth son, Proshanto, already lives with his father. Considered the family failure, he spends his time listening to music and is considered to be mentally ill. The two eldest sons, who are businessmen, live corrupt lives and do not want their father, an uncompromising moralist who believes in work and honesty, to find out. The youngest of the four, weary of office life, would love to become an actor. During a family meal and a picnic, tensions are accentuated. Waiting for resolution of their father's health crisis, the four brothers and their families reminisce and relive ideological differences."] ['{{plot}} White Fang bands together with a friend of his master, Henry Casey  to stop miners from destroying a ritual land. Henry and White Fang get washed up while sailing to bring their gold to town and he is found by Lilly , a girl from the nearby Native Americans who has been sent out to find the one who will bring the caribou back to the starving tribe. Lilly introduced him to his father, Moses  and to the tribe. At first, Henry finds the natives and their beliefs strange and does not want any part of them, but by being open-minded, Henry will be a hero for these people in need of them. While Jack Conroy  was in San Francisco, White Fang lives and bands together with his master\'s friend, Henry Casey . While they are sailing to bring their gold to town, they got washed up. At the Native Americans tribe, while Moses  dreamed about White Fang, and with his daughter Lilly . He said that Lilly will guide them the way finding the wolf. Lilly sailed to the river, and then walked through the forest, when she heard White Fang barking. She ran fast as she could, and she found White Fang, but suddenly disappeared, then she saw Henry, she took him. Then they traveled back to the starving tribe. Then she introduced him to her father. While Moses was telling that he is the wolf, Henry said that he is not the wolf, but the wolf was his friend, and he is a human, leading to a laughter of the crowd. While White Fang was left at the river he walked through the wilderness of the forest, and saw wolves, he followed them, and saw a pack, but he did not join. That day, Henry went back to the town.Then he saw hungry people, and he was seen by Reverend Leland Drury, saying " Sad, isn\'t it?".But White Fang, who saw the village, went there and he was seen by Lilly, and called Moses, his father, and said "That\'s him". Moses went to see White Fang,but the half-dog, half- wolf ran away. The next day, Henry decided to go back to the village, with a white cloth. He saw Lilly, and decided to give the cloth to her, Lilly said something that led Henry to be angry. While White Fang was at the forest, he saw again the pack, but one female wolf decided to join him play. That night, he was in the Native American group dancing the Native American dance, suddenly, he heard White Fang howled, and Moses allowed him to go. Henry to run and traveled to the forest with a torch, calling White Fang, and he saw a wolf, and gently saying White Fang, and was surprised that it was another wolf, and White Fang came and protected him against the wolf. And Henry called White Fang to go to the village, but because White Fang had another friend wolf, that made him hesitate. Henry understand White Fang and let him to go with his friend, but White Fang decided and joined Henry traveling back to the village. When he slept, he also dreamed what Moses dreamed about, White Fang and Lily, but now, with him. Moses then prepares Henry, giving him a pack of arrow and a bow and being sent to the forest to practice his skills in hunting. He shot once but missed, but is surprised that an arrow hit his target perfectly. He shouts if someone is there, and Lilly comes out. She then helps him how to hunt using his bow with extreme accuracy. Peter and Henry practice hunting in the forest. Lilly, now Henry\'s love interest, was the cousin of Peter, so he asked some ideas how she could answer her. Peter said "Put your chin to her shoulder, and whisper through her ears," then Henry asked then, Peter said "She\'ll break your nose." Moses allows Peter, Lilly\'s cousin to hunt with Henry,then after that Lilly\'s mother asks his husband, Moses, what will happen next, and he says that Peter will not come back. Lilly is forcing his father to join Henry hunt, but his father replied that she\'s a woman, and she can\'t hunt. When the time of the hunting came, Henry, with White Fang and Peter goes to the forest. Lilly, grabs her bow and secretly slips into the forest to join Henry hunt. Henry and Joseph then see that the village\'s hunters that didn\'t return. Henry, accidentally steps into a trap, resulting in a log to be swung towards, but successfully evades it. Peter, goes up to the dead body of the hunter that didn\'t listen to Henry, who said not to go there, then a bullet hit the dead body, and Henry saw it. Peter ran tree by tree, with the man with the gun chasing him. Henry and White Fang continued traveling, and Henry stepped in a trap, and there was the man, with his rifle, he aimed Henry with his gun, then suddenly, Lilly saw him and the guy, she made fire as fast as she could, and put her arrow on the fire, and aimed her bow with the arrow with fire, and hit the man, the man ran away, and his hiding area explode. Lilly pulled the rope and removed Henry. They continued traveling with White Fang. And then they were already at the final destination. Henry saw the path that blocks the animals.They went back and, they accidentally fell into a hole, which led them to the mining area. They quietly walked and hide from the miners. There was a guard guarding, and he suddenly heard a sound. He wandered what was there and Lilly shouted, and Henry hit him.They get the dynamite that will open the path that blocks the animals. Then they saw Reverend Leland Drury and the miners working. Henry shot him, and Reverend Leland Drury ordered his miners to catch him. Henry and Lilly ran. Henry saw an exit, but Lilly was caught by the miners, Lilly let Henry go. Then Henry saw White Fang. He guards him from Reverend Leland Drury\'s men while he plants the dynamite to the path.The path already explode!! The animals were free. Reverend Leland Drury ordered his men to get the girl. Henry and White Fang ran, and they saw Lilly with Reverend Leland Drury. White Fang jumped and attacked Reverend Leland Drury, while Henry jumped in order to save Lilly. Henry untied Lilly, and when the screw combining the horses and the thing Reverend Leland Drury and Lilly riding on was removed, it separated it and the thing Lilly and Henry was riding on fell into a cliff then they both jumped off.Reverend Leland Drury, who already climbed the cliff where he also fell,was shocked when he saw the animals running. He was stepped by that group of animals. Henry and Lilly went into where White Fang fell. They saw him weak. They carried him and returned to the village. They saw Lilly\'s parents. Moses went to Lilly and Henry with the weak White Fang.Henry ran towards Lilly\'s mother, with Peter, that died. After the hunt, Lilly and Joseph went to the forest, and Lilly gave Henry his gold. And said Henry can leave now. And Lilly walked through the village. Henry, arranging his things talked with Moses.The village thanked him. When Henry was ready to go with White Fang, Lilly wore the white cloth that Henry gave him and ran towards him. She shouted "White Wolf!!" Henry ran towards her. Lilly said " I choose you". Then she hugged him. After that Lilly kissed him. And White Fang\'s female wolf friend was there. White Fang ran towards her. Like what Henry and Lilly did, she also kissed him and hugged him. Three months later, White Fang and the wolf had many puppies. Henry and Lilly went at White Fang\'s place where the puppies where found.'] ['Helena  works with her parents  at their family circus, but desires to run away and join real life. At the next performance, after Helena and her mother have a heated argument, Helena\'s mother collapses and is taken to the hospital. Ten days later, while Helena is staying with her grandmother, she finds that the doctors determine that Helena\'s mother requires an operation, and Helena can only blame herself for the situation. That night, she wakes up in a dream-like state and leaves her building to find three performers outside. As they try to perform for Helena, a shadow encroaches on the area and two of the performers are consumed by it. The third performer, Valentine , a juggler, helps to quickly direct Helena to safety through the use of magical flying books. She learns they are in the City of Light which is slowly being consumed by shadows, causing its widely-varied citizens to flee. Soon Helena is mistaken for the Princess. She and Valentine are taken to the Prime Minister . He explains that the Princess from the Land of Shadow stole a charm from the City of Light, leaving their White Queen  in a state of unnatural sleep and the City vulnerable to the Shadows. Helena notes the resemblance of the Queen and Minister to her mother and father, and offers to help recover the charm along with Valentine. They are unaware their actions are being watched by the Queen of Shadows  who has mistaken Helena as the Princess of the Land of Shadows. The two attempt to stay ahead of the shadows as they follow clues to the charm, learning that it is called "MirrorMask". Helena discovers that by looking through the windows of the buildings, she can see into her apartment room through the windows on drawings she created on one wall of her room, and discovers that a doppelganger of herself is behaving radically different from her; the doppelganger soon becomes aware of her presence in the drawings and begins to destroy them, causing parts of the fantasy world to collapse. Soon, Valentine betrays Helena, allowing the Queen to capture her in exchange for a large reward of jewels. The Queen warps Helena\'s mind to believe she is the Princess. Valentine eventually has a change of heart and returns to the Queen\'s palace, and helps Helena to break the Queen\'s spell on her. The two search the Princess\' room, and Helena discovers the MirrorMask hidden in the Princess\' mirror; the two flee the castle with the charm. As they escape to Valentine\'s flying tower, Helena comes to realizes that her doppelganger in the real world is the Princess, who had used the MirrorMask to step through the windows in Helena\'s drawings to come into the real world. The Princess destroys the rest of the drawings in Helena\'s room, preventing Helena from returning, and Helena and Valentine disappear in the collapsed world. The Princess takes the drawings to the building\'s roof to disperse the shreds into the wind, but discovers one more drawing Helena had made on the back of the roof door. Helena successfully returns to the real world and banishes the Princess to her realm. At the same time, the White Queen finally awakens and the two Cities are restored to its natural balance. Helena returns to her apartment to learn that her mother\'s operation was successful; Helena returns to happily help at the circus. Sometime later, Helena becomes fascinated by the approach of a young man, strongly resembling Valentine, who wants to be a juggler for the circus.'] ["The father, Robert Micelli , of the family, has become a stranger and thinks only of his lawn and job. After decades of no contact, Robert's Uncle Nino flies to America for an unexpected visit, with a suitcase full of home-made Italian wine.Nino helps the family realize the true value of family."] ['The film, presumably set in a small town on the New Jersey Shore in the 1950s, tells the story of two Italian immigrant brothers from Abruzzo who own and operate a restaurant called "Paradise." One brother, Primo , is a brilliant, perfectionist chef who chafes under their few customers\' expectations of "Americanized" Italian food. Their uncle\'s offer for them to return to Rome to help with his restaurant is becoming more and more appealing to Primo. The other brother, Secondo , is the restaurant\'s manager, who is enamored of the possibilities presented by their new endeavor and life in America. Despite Secondo\'s efforts and Primo\'s magnificent food, their restaurant is failing. Secondo\'s elusive success as a businessman makes him unable to commit to his girlfriend Phyllis , and he has recently been sleeping with Gabriella , the wife of a competitor. Her husband\'s self-named restaurant, Pascal\'s , has enjoyed great success despite  the mediocre, uninspired food served there. Desperate to keep Paradise afloat, Secondo asks Pascal for a loan. Pascal demurs, repeating a past offer to have the brothers come work for him. This Secondo in turn refuses; he and his brother want their own restaurant. In an apparent display of generosity, Pascal instead insists that he will persuade Louis Prima to dine at Paradise when he comes to town, assuming the celebrity jazz singer\'s patronage will revitalize the brothers\' business. Primo and Secondo plunge themselves into preparations for this "big night", spending their last savings on the food and inviting dozens of people  to join them in a magnificent feast centered around a timpano . Primo pours his heart into each dish, lavishing care and great expertise on the cooking. As they wait for Prima and his entourage to arrive, the crowd indulges in the exquisite food and partakes in a fabulous celebration. Hours pass, however, and it becomes apparent that the famous singer is not coming. Phyllis catches Secondo and Gabriella kissing and runs away to the beach. At Gabriella\'s insistence, Pascal admits that he never even called Louis Prima, thus ending the party. Secondo follows Phyllis to the beach where they have a final quarrel. Primo and Secondo have a fiery, heartwrenching argument, chafing at their mutual differences. In the wee hours of the morning, Pascal admits to Secondo that he set the brothers up for failure; not as revenge for Secondo\'s affair with Gabriella but because then the brothers would have no choice but to either return to Italy or work for Pascal. Secondo denies him, saying they will never work for him. The film closes with an uninterrupted, nearly wordless long take: as dawn breaks, Secondo silently cooks an omelette. When it is done, he divides it among three plates, giving one to Cristiano , their waiter, and eating one himself. Primo hesitantly enters: Secondo hands him the last plate. They eat without speaking, but lay their arms across one another\'s shoulders as they do so.'] ["{{Plot}} Ten year-old India Opal Buloni  has just moved to the small town of Naomi, Florida with her father, a preacher . While in the Winn-Dixie supermarket that summer, she encounters a scruffy dog that is administering catastrophe. She claims that it is hers, and names it Winn-Dixie. She discovers that Winn-Dixie becomes friends with everyone he encounters, and she makes some new friends in the process. She also rekindles the relationship with her father, and learns ten things about her mother who abandoned them when she was 3 years old. Opal meets Miss Franny Block , an elder librarian, who runs the Herman W. Block Memorial Library and tells her many great stories, and Gloria Dump , a blind recovering alcoholic who is rumored by some to be a witch. Opal gets a job at Gertrude's Pets in order to be able to pay for an expensive leash and collar for Winn-Dixie, and befriends a worker there, Otis , a shy ex-convict with a passion for music. She also meets a girl named Sweetie Pie Thomas  who is eager to get a dog like Winn-Dixie. Opal now feels happy that she has made so many friends, learning many things from each of them and finding out that each of them has a sad and lonely past. Opal eventually gets to keep Winn-Dixie. Later, a thunderstorm comes while Gloria is having a party at her house and Winn-Dixie, being afraid of thunderstorms, runs away. While Opal looks for him, her father wants to give up and she blames him for her mother and Winn-Dixie running away. But her father explains that he tried very hard to look for her mother. After Otis plays a song on his guitar, Winn-Dixie comes back and everybody is content.UNTIL Opal meets the Dewberry Boys. Stevie is the rude boy and Dunlap  is the more compassionate yet still occasionally rude. The Dewberry Boys had to shave their heads when they were little because they had lice. Everybody learns to somewhat,kinda like Stevie by the end of the movie."] ["Sixteen-year-old Cole McKay’s struggle for independence is put to the test as his South Boston Irish-Catholic family implodes around him. Older brother Terry is descending into a life of drugs and crime, pregnant sister Kathleen is being sent away to cover up the shame of unwed motherhood and Cole’s father, Desmond, spends his days in a fog of alcohol and self-pity, silently torturing himself over what might have been. The one thing keeping young Cole’s head above water is his love of baseball. The movie starts with Cole practicing his pitching, when he is picked up by his family to attend the funeral of Desmond's sister. A talented baseball pitcher, Cole overcomes self-doubt and family indifference to fight his way into the state championships. To get there however, he must make a life and death decision, one that will change the McKay family forever."] ['Set in post-World War II Yugoslavia during the Informbiro period, the film tells the story through the eyes of the young boy Malik. His father Meša  has been suspected of working for Cominform and sent to a labour camp after a careless remark about a political newspaper cartoon. The movie opens in June 1950 with a local\'s serenading field workers. He sings Mexican songs because it\'s "safer", and children climb trees and play around. The story is from the perspective of the boy, Malik, whose mother Sena tells him that his father is on a business trip. Malik is a chronic sleepwalker. After a while, Meša\'s wife and children rejoin him in Zvornik. Malik meets Maša, the daughter of a Russian doctor. He falls in love with her, but last sees her when the ambulance takes her away. At the wedding of his maternal uncle Zijah, Malik witnesses his father\'s affair with a woman pilot. She later tries to commit suicide by using a toilet\'s flush cord. Sena reconciles with her brother Zijah, who\'s been diagnosed with diabetes.'] ['This film starts with an introduction to the lead actors, who live in Chandan Nagar Society. Each of the eight children has his own identity and a nickname based on these qualities. Akram is the fast bowler , Encyclopedia is the mastermind . Not only that, but their whole team has a nickname - CHILLAR PARTY. They explain that they have mainly two enemies vith the "over-sized" neighboring cricket team to whom they always lose, and a dog to whom they have given a name - Loose Motion, since it has a tendency to make messes. So they develop an enmity against dogs. They were mourning and complaining about the dog when Lucky Singh nicknamed as Panauti , says that "Don\'t worry, no other dog will ever enter our society," everybody loses hope.Their hopes are shattered shortly after a boy- Phatka who was employed for washing the cars of the society, enters with his dog Bhidu. They do everything to throw the boy and his dog out, but become unsuccessful. Eventually they develop a friendship with each other as Phatka helps them by serving as the lead bowler during the match with the neighboring cricket team. But their happiness is short-lived when a reckless politician, Bhide, enters their life after his personal secretary is attacked by Bhidu for having hurt Phatka. He announces that in a news telecast, all the stray dogs roaming about in residential buildings in Mumbai will be caught and terminated and gives an excuse that it is done so that Mumbai becomes safer- and declares the slogan as "Safe Mumbai and Safe Mumbaikar". He further informs that the dog can only be saved if the society files a NO OBJECTION CERTIFICATE within 1 month. Chillar party, shocked by this, strives hard to get the NOC- wherein they have to get at least more than 50% votes of the total residents in the society i.e. 31 votes. But they manage only ten votes after 15 days. To get more votes, they organise a CHADDI MARCH- marching the streets with nothing on their body except underwears. They are telecast on TV and this gets them 10 more. With more hard work and awareness they manage to get another 10 votes counting a total of 30 votes. Only 1 day remains to complete the deadline of 1 month as declared by Bhide. Whilst all this chaos is going on, a t.v channel invites Bhide and the Chillar party for an interview. Seeing this as their last chance, they attend the interview which is being telecast to the whole India. Knowing that that is the last day and dog catchers are after Bhidu, they pray hard to save him. During the interview they are constantly mocked by Bhide and asked if all these dirty tricks and uncultured techniques were taught to them by the textbook. As he asks to stop the telecast, Silencer, who doesn\'t speak at all, speaks for the first time. He opens his text book and reads out loud "We must always help others" followed by others reading out "A friend in need is a friend indeed" and "We must do what is right". Overwhelmed by this the whole audience gives them a loud round of applause. Whilst in the society, dog catchers are already searching for Bhidu. The paper containing 30 votes is before the secretary, Mr. Tandon while he\'s watching the telecast. He resents Chillar party and is a close associate of minister Bhide. He was asked by to give away Bhidu since this issue originated in his society. Chillar party pleads to leave and the interviewers agree. When they reach the society, they are disheartened as there is no sight of Bhidu. Suddenly Bhidu comes jumping in, wearing a collar reading "Bhidu- Chandan Nagar Society". While they were happy seeing Bhidu, they see the NOC on the desk with 31st sign - belonging to Tandon.'] ['Celia Amonte  is a Portuguese American widow who lives in New Bedford, Massachusetts with her daughter Vicky . The broke British card counter Charles "Charlie" Beck  arrives in town to stay with and mooch off some wealthy friends and gamble at the local casino. The friends are Daniel Vargas  and his wife Lois Vargas . One night, dining at a Portuguese restaurant with Lois, Charlie sees Celia singing fado, a haunting Portuguese form of song. He is enchanted with her, approaches her, and is rebuffed. Charlie later finds Celia\'s address in the phone book and goes to her house, where he encounters Vicky, whom he had met at the casino before. Vicky agrees to help Charlie woo her mother in exchange for lessons on card counting. This proves difficult, as Celia still longs for her deceased husband and has not dated since his death.'] ['The film picks up almost directly after the end of The Karate Kid; John Kreese , furious over his star pupil Johnny Lawrence\'s  second place finish in the All Valley Karate Tournament, viciously berates and humiliates Johnny in the parking lot, also putting him in the headlock choking position. Despite pleads from Tommy, Bobby and the rest of Johnny\'s friends to let him go, Kreese refuses. Miyagi, who is leaving the venue with Daniel, rescues Johnny, passively immobilizes Kreese, then comically tweaks Kreese\'s nose instead of dealing him a fatal blow. As Johnny and his friends quit the Cobra Kai dojo en masse, Miyagi explains his actions to Daniel: "For person with no forgiveness in heart, living even worse punishment than death." Six months later, Daniel now lives in a guest room at Miyagi\'s house; his mother has moved to Fresno. Ali, who Daniel began dating during the previous film, has left him for a football player from UCLA. Miyagi receives a letter telling him his father is dying. He intends to return to Okinawa alone, but Daniel decides to accompany him. When Daniel asks Miyagi why he left Okinawa in the first place, Miyagi answers that he loved a woman named Yukie, who was arranged to be married to Sato, son of the richest man in town, and Miyagi\'s best friend. Sato and Miyagi studied karate together under Miyagi\'s father, in defiance of tradition. One day, Miyagi announced before the whole town that he wanted to marry Yukie. Sato was insulted and challenged Miyagi to a fight to the death. Rather than fight his best friend, Miyagi left Okinawa. When they arrive in Okinawa, Miyagi and Daniel are greeted by a young man, Chozen Toguchi , who is Sato\'s  nephew. Sato has neither forgiven nor forgotten his feud with Miyagi and once again demands to fight Miyagi. Again, Miyagi refuses, so Sato calls him a coward. Miyagi and Daniel are welcomed to Tome village by Yukie  and her niece Kumiko , to whom Daniel is immediately attracted. They learn that Sato is now a rich industrialist, whose supertrawlers have destroyed the local fish population, impoverishing the other villagers, who have turned to small farming to survive. Worse yet, the villagers all rent their property from Sato, who now actually owns the entire village. Yukie also reveals that because she truly loved Miyagi and carried a torch for him, she never married Sato. Despite Miyagi\'s father\'s dying wish for his son and student to make peace with each other, Sato still insists on fighting Miyagi, though, after his sensei\'s passing, he gives Miyagi three days to mourn. Daniel comforts Miyagi, admitting that when his own father died, Daniel thought he had not been a very good son, but eventually realized that by being at his father\'s side when he was dying and getting to say goodbye to him was the greatest thing he could have done for him. Miyagi shows Daniel that the secret to his family\'s karate lies in a handheld drum that beats itself when twisted back and forth. This "drum technique" as Miyagi calls it represents the block-and-defense that Daniel begins to practice diligently. Miyagi warns him that the powerful technique should only be used as a last resort. Later, Yukie and Miyagi perform the tea ceremony together, which, Kumiko explains to Daniel, is a sign that they are renewing their love. Daniel inadvertently reveals that the grocery business of Chozen and his cronies, Taro and Toshio, has been defrauding the villagers with rigged weights. The outraged farmers set upon Chozen and demand appropriate compensation. Because of this, Chozen accuses Daniel both of insulting his honor  and of being a coward like his sensei. He and Daniel have a series of confrontations, first in the village, then later in Naha City, and at a \'50s-themed dance. Meanwhile, Daniel and Kumiko begin to grow closer. She brings him to an old castle on the seacoast that Sato is allowing to deteriorate and be plundered. Both Daniel and Kumiko express incredulity at why Sato would allow a historical relic like the castle to suffer thus. The feud between Daniel and Chozen eventually comes to a head when Sato, at the conclusion of the three-day mourning period, shows up to fight Miyagi. Because Miyagi is not present, Chozen and his cronies destroy the Miaygi family dojo and much of the garden, then Chozen viciously attacks Daniel when he tries to intervene. When Miyagi arrives, Chozen, Taro, and Toshio attack him, but Miyagi defeats them easily, even as Chozen wields a spear. Realizing that he has put Daniel in grave danger, Miyagi makes plans to return home. Before they can leave Okinawa, however, Sato shows up with earth-mover machines and threatens to destroy and redevelop the village if Miyagi continues to refuse to fight. Miyagi reluctantly gives in, but only on the condition that no matter who wins, Sato must sign the titles to the villagers\' homes to them. Sato agrees to this condition. On the day the fight is to take place, Daniel and Kumiko, like Yukie and Miyagi, perform the ancient tea ceremony, ending with a kiss. Meanwhile, a typhoon strikes the village. The villagers take cover at a storm shelter, but Sato is still at his family\'s dojo. When the Sato family dojo is leveled by the storm, trapping Sato inside, Miyagi and Daniel rush to rescue him. Sato believes that Miyagi has decided to unfairly fight him while he is incapacitated, but Miyagi instead breaks a support beam that had pinned Sato down, freeing him. After the three return to safety, Daniel goes out again, this time to rescue a child trapped in the bell tower. Sato orders Chozen to go help Daniel, but Chozen refuses, not wanting to cooperate with Daniel in any capacity. Sato goes to assist Daniel, then, after the child is safe, disowns Chozen, who runs off into the storm. The next morning, the villagers set about rebuilding the village, and Sato arrives to help them. He hands over the titles to the villagers\' homes, and also humbly asks Miyagi for forgiveness. Though Miyagi insists that there is nothing to forgive, he accepts his old friend\'s apology. Daniel asks Sato if the village may hold their upcoming O-bon festival on the castle grounds. Sato agrees, and grants them this right in perpetuity. Sato has one condition, however: that Daniel join him and the other villagers in the celebration. At the O-bon festival, Kumiko is on stage performing a traditional dance when a now-deranged and vengeful Chozen interrupts, taking her hostage at knifepoint. Sato tells Chozen that he was wrong to hate Miyagi and implores Chozen to similarly let go of his hatred for Daniel. However, Chozen refuses, saying that doing so will not give back his \'honor\' and that he is now dead to Sato after what happened in the storm. Chozen then threatens to kill Kumiko if Daniel does not step up to fight him to the death. Daniel agrees, in spite of Miyagi\'s warning that this time is no tournament; if he loses, Chozen will indeed kill him. Daniel fights valiantly, but Chozen proves to be a much more formidable opponent than any other that he has faced before; he even deflects the crane kick Daniel used to win in the tournament. Just when Daniel is on the verge of defeat, Miyagi brings out his hand drum and beats it. The other villagers follow suit with their own drums, which allows Daniel to realize how he can win. As Chozen closes in for the kill, Daniel successfully utilizes the drum technique to deflect Chozen\'s attacks and land a series of devastating counter-attacks. Daniel, realizing for the first time in his life that his karate skills are potentially lethal, grabs the vanquished Chozen by his hair and cocks his hand back for the fatal blow, asking Chozen if he wishes to live or die. When Chozen responds with "die", Daniel responds the same way Miyagi did against Kreese; he fakes out Chozen before tweaking his nose and dropping him to the ground. Daniel embraces Kumiko, while Miyagi looks on proudly.'] ["Pauline  is a 'little girl of 66 years old'. She is mentally retarded and been cared after by her sister Martha. When Martha dies, her two younger sisters, Paulette  and Cecile have to make a decision on the best place for Pauline to be looked after. Neither of them is ready to take care of her. Paulette has a shop to look after and Cecile has her Albert. But according to Martha's last will, her fortune will only be divided in three equal parts if one of the sisters looks after Pauline. If they decide to take her to an institution, Pauline will be the only heir."] ['One year ago, a wild bear stole a calf from Mitch  and Einar ’s ranch. The two friends attempted to save the calf, but the bear viciously attacked Mitch — and because Einar was drunk, he failed to save him from serious injury. The bear escaped into the mountains. A year later, Mitch’s wounds still cause him constant pain. Einar cares for Mitch daily, giving him morphine injections, food and friendship. He leans his guilt on emotional crutches, while Mitch struggles to walk with a cane. The bear later returns to forage for food in town — and around the same time, Einar’s long-lost daughter-in-law Jean  shows up on his doorstep. Sheriff Crane Curtis  captures the bear and displays him in the town zoo. Jean and her daughter Griff  move in with Einar and Mitch. Einar’s son, Griffin, had moved away and married Jean years ago, causing a rift in the family that snapped when Griffin died in a car accident. Tension mounts between Einar and Jean because both are still grieving for Griffin. Since Griffin died, Jean has fallen into a series of abusive relationships. She moved in with Einar to escape her latest abusive boyfriend, Gary , but like the bear, her past will return to haunt her. Jean slowly falls in love with Sheriff Curtis, but little Griff can’t open up to him or trust him because of Jean’s bad experiences. Jean starts working at a local coffee shop. There she befriends Nina, another waitress , who helps her understand Einar’s gruff ways and dark past. Tensions in the family continue to build. One night, Gary arrives to harass Jean and Griff. He and Einar have an explosive confrontation that pushes Einar to the brink. Einar returns to the ranch and demands that Jean tells him how Griffin died. Jean says they flipped a coin to determine who would drive — she lost. At 3 a.m., the two tired souls set out for the last leg of their trip. Jean fell asleep at the wheel. The car flipped six times. Griffin died, but Jean survived and discovered she was pregnant with Griff. When he learns the truth about why his son was ripped from him too soon, Einar says they’ll have to talk about Jean moving out. Jean says she’s through talking. The next morning she takes Griff with her and leaves. Griff, who loves her grandfather as the first strong male figure in her life, runs back to the ranch alone. Einar and Mitch teach her to be a real Wyoming cowgirl. The movie ends with Mitch insisting that Einar set the bear who handicapped him free, although the plan does not go off without a hitch. Einar lands in the hospital, where he and Jean attempt to reconcile. Einar invites Jean to come back and live with him and Griff. Mitch survives a peaceful confrontation with the bear from his past. It flees to the mountains where it belongs. Gary makes one last attempt to drag Jean and Griff back “home” — this ends with Einar beating him up and tossing him on a bus out of town. In the final scene, Einar affectionately talks with one of his cats — who throughout the whole story he coldly ignored. Griff then invites Sheriff Curtis for lunch. All is well as Mitch narrates the last seconds of the story, describing his dreams of flying above the earth to Einar.'] ['The film focuses on 15-year-old Billy Casper, who has little hope in life and is bullied, both at home by his physically and verbally abusive half-brother, Jud, and at school. He is mischievous, stealing eggs and milk from milk floats, has difficulty paying attention in school, and is often provoked into tussles with classmates. Billy comes over as an emotionally neglected boy with little self-respect. Billy\'s mother refers to him in the film as a "hopeless case". His father left the family some time ago. The film shows scenes of Billy\'s school; the headmaster canes a group of boys who were caught smoking. One scene of comic relief in an otherwise bleak film is of a gym teacher taking part in a football game, fantasising about himself as Bobby Charlton and commentating on the match. Outside cadging money and daydreaming at school, Billy has no positive interests. His greatest fear is ending up working down the pit as a coal miner , but he has no apparent escape route until he finds an outlet through training a kestrel that he takes from a nest on a farm. His interest in learning falconry prompts Billy to steal a book on the subject from a secondhand book shop, as he is underage and cannot get a borrower\'s card from the public library. As the relationship between Billy and "Kes", the kestrel, improves during the training, so does Billy\'s outlook and horizons. For the first time in the film, Billy receives praise, from his English teacher after delivering an impromptu talk on his relationship with the bird. Jud leaves money and instructions for Billy to place a bet on two horses, but Billy spends the money on chips and on meat for his bird, after having been told that the horses are unlikely to win. However, the horses do win . Furious at Billy and unable to find him, Jud takes revenge by killing his kestrel, whose body Billy retrieves from the bin. After showing the kestrel to Jud and his mother, Billy buries his kestrel in the garden.'] ['Overhearing stern Uncle Daniel describe him as a "millstone", Toby Tyler runs away from his foster home to join the circus, where he soon befriends Mr. Stubbs, the frisky chimpanzee. However, the circus isn\'t all fun and games when the evil candy vendor, Harry Tupper, convinces Toby that his Aunt Olive and Uncle Daniel don\'t love him or want him back. Toby resigns himself to circus life even scoring a much bigger role at the circus. When Toby realizes  that Tupper lied to him, and that his aunt and uncle truly love him, Toby leaves the circus to go home. On the way, however, he finds that Mr. Stubbs has followed him. Deciding to take Mr. Stubbs home with him  Mr. Stubbs is chased by a hunter\'s dog. A hunter named Jim Weaver accidentally shoots Mr. Stubbs as Harry hauls Toby back to the circus. Toby discovers his aunt and uncle are at the circus, with hugs all around. When Harry tries to pursue Toby, he is caught by Ben for using the Sheriff\'s money. Ben tells Harry to leave Toby alone and stop acting unkind. Just before Toby\'s big performance for his family, he discovers Mr. Stubbs is still alive, having been brought back to the circus by the hunter. Toby performs on horseback, only to have Mr. Stubbs join him, creating a great new act for the circus.'] ['Cries and Whispers takes place in a lavish mansion in the 1800s, filled with red carpets and white statuary. It depicts the final days of Agnes , who is near death with cancer. Her sisters Maria  and Karin  have returned to the family home to be with her. They remain distant and awkward, and struggle to comfort their sister, while dealing with the shock and the fear of mortality her death is bringing to them. The deeply religious maid Anna , whose own daughter died young, is able to comfort her. At length, Agnes dies, and a priest  arrives at her death bed. Later in the film she returns to life for a short moment. In a dream-like sequence, she asks her family for love and care. For a moment, Karin, Maria and the dead Agnes get closer to each other, only to be even more distant shortly afterwards. Only Anna is able to embrace and mourn the dead. The film is characterized by flashbacks that visit the protagonists\' lives and their memories, tracing each woman\'s personality to the childhood they spent together. Maria remembers her failed marriage; Agnes remembers her unrequited devotion to their distant mother; Karin struggles with self-harm. She performs an act of self-mutilation on her sexual organs to disturb and drive away her husband. The last flashback, from the deceased Agnes\' point of view, is narrated through her diary, and shows her sisters descending upon the house clad in white, like angels. The last words are Agnes whispering "Come what may, this is happiness. I cannot wish for anything better. Now, for a few minutes, I can experience perfection. And I feel profoundly grateful to my life, which gives me so much."'] ['Freewheeling Jim Masters returns home after a 20-year absence, during which he was declared dead, to find that his wife, Nancy, is about to marry Sam Sloane, a stable local man in Carmel, California. She must now choose between her ex-husband and her new fiancee. The Masters daughters are also upset that their irresponsible father has re-entered their lives after so long an absence. Meanwhile, the youngest daughter, Buff, is drawn to tough-guy Gabriel Lopez, a man that reminds Jim Masters of himself.'] ['Eve, a precocious nine year-old with an overactive imagination, was born in the Year of the Fire Horse, notorious among Chinese families for producing the most troublesome children. Dinners around Eve’s family table are a raucous affair, where old world propriety and new world audacity mix in even measure. But as summer approaches, it seems like Eve’s carefree childhood days are behind her. When her mother chops down their apple tree — a superstitious omen — bad luck worms its way into their family in unexpected, tragic ways. Forced to grow up too fast, Eve learns to take pleasure in life’s small gifts — like a goldfish she believes to be the reincarnated spirit of her beloved grandmother. Meanwhile, Eve’s older sister Karena is going through changes of her own, exploring a new found fascination with Christianity. Soon, crucifixes pop up next to the Buddha in the family’s house, and Eve must contend with a Sunday school class where her wild imagination is distinctly out of place. Caught between her sister’s quest for premature sainthood and her own sense of right and wrong, Eve faces the challenges of childhood with fanciful humor and wide-eyed wonder. Along the way, she proves that sometimes the most troublesome children are the ones that touch our hearts most deeply.'] ["When his wife dies, Manny Singer  searches for a housekeeper/nanny to take care of his young daughter, Molly. After several unsuccessful interviews that turn up such prospects as a religious zealot, a Sophia Loren wannabe, and a closet alcoholic  who tries to seduce him, Corrina  interviews for the position. He perceives her as overqualified because of her college degree and, initially, decides not to hire her. However, as she is leaving, he sees the way she interacts with Molly. Since her mother's death, she has not only refused to speak but doesn't even acknowledge people. She responds to Corrina and Manny hires the no-nonsense housekeeper. Very quickly a strong bond is formed between nanny and child and soon Molly regains her desire to speak. Corrina and Manny fall in love and, in 1950s America, face difficulties as an interracial couple. Her sister wants her to date a black man, and his mother and best friend push him to date a perky white woman with two children. Love triumphs despite these barriers."] ["The story is about a 12-year-old girl, Belle, who loses her mother in a car accident. She is sent to her grandfather's for releasing all of the kennel dogs where her father works. When all the animals start to get sick and die in Belle's hometown, her father's veterinarian girlfriend struggles to find out what is killing the healthy animals. When Belle's father and his girlfriend visit, Belle's dog attacks the grandfather's farmhand Basham. When the dog is about to die, It is discovered that the food Basham was carrying contained a lethal mold that was killing the animals. The vet goes to the factory where the food was made and fixes the problem, ending the dog epidemic. References To Kill A Mockingbird."] ['Bobby  and Kate  are a young couple who have been together ten months. Kate is 11 weeks pregnant. They can\'t make up their minds where to go on the Fourth of July,{{Cite web}} or whether to have the baby, so they decide to flip a coin. After Bobby flips the coin, they both run off Brooklyn Bridge in opposite directions. From that moment on two separate storylines are followed. One storyline takes place in Brooklyn, where Bobby and Kate decide to go visit Kate\'s family. On the way they pick up a stray dog, whose owner they try to locate. Kate\'s family has its share of family drama, with an uncle who is institutionalized and suffers from memory loss, a brother who died five years earlier, and a sister who is taking a year off before going to college, much to her mother\'s dismay. The other storyline takes place in Manhattan , where Bobby and Kate find a cellphone belonging to a criminal who values it at $500,000. They try to set up an exchange, but after narrowly escaping pursuit from a killer, Bobby throws the cellphone onto a passing boat. Both storylines end the next day on a bridge, with the lines "What do you want to do now? / What do we do now? I don\'t know. I guess we just keep going". The storylines are also set apart by Bobby and Kate\'s clothing. In the Manhattan/Chinatown storyline, they both wear easily recognizable yellow, a dress for her and a t-shirt for him, while in the Brooklyn storyline, they are dressed in more subtle shades of green. In the first scene on the bridge Kate wears the yellow dress from the Manhattan story, while Bobby wears the outfit he\'ll wear in Brooklyn. The title seems to be based on the Heisenberg uncertainty principle of quantum mechanics, which can be illustrated in the Einstein–Podolsky–Rosen paradox, involving two particles moving off in opposite directions and having separate yet related properties.{{Citation needed}}'] ['Manna From Heaven is a comedic fable about what happens when you get a gift from God , but many years later you find out it was a just a loan and it\'s due immediately. Once upon a time, many years ago, a neighborhood in Buffalo, NY is mysteriously showered with 20 dollar bills. Theresa, a young girl who everyone thinks is a saint, doesn\'t have much trouble convincing her loose-knit "family" that the money is a gift from Heaven. Years later, Theresa, who has become a nun, has an epiphany that it is time to pay the money back, so she calls the eccentric group together to repay the "loan." The problem is, nobody wants to give back the money, nobody has the money, they don\'t know to whom it belongs, and most of them can\'t stand each other. Along the way, the characters learn about family, romance, reconciliation and redemption, and by working together they begin to realize their full potential.'] ['The story is set in 1917, before and during American involvement in World War I, in the central California coastal towns of Monterey and Salinas. Cal  and Aron  are the sons of a modestly successful farmer and wartime draft board chairman named Adam Trask . Cal is moody and embittered by his belief that his father favors Aron. Although both Cal and Aron had long been led to believe that their mother had died "and gone to heaven", the opening scene reveals that Cal has apparently learned that his mother is still alive, owning and running a successful brothel in nearby Monterey. After the father\'s idealistic plans for a long-haul vegetable shipping business venture end in a loss of thousands of dollars, Cal decides to enter the bean-growing business, as a way of recouping the money his father lost in the vegetable shipping venture. He is advised that if the United States enters the war, the price of beans will skyrocket. Cal hopes this will finally earn him the love and respect of his father. He goes to his mother Kate  to ask to borrow the capital he needs. She reluctantly lends him $5,000. Meanwhile, Aron\'s girlfriend Abra  gradually finds herself attracted to Cal, who seems to reciprocate her feelings. Cal\'s business goes well, and he decides to give the money to Adam at a surprise birthday party for his father, which he and Abra plan together. As the party gets underway, Aron suddenly announces that he and Abra are engaged. While Adam is openly pleased with the news, both Abra and Cal are uneasy, having recently discovered a mutual attraction for one another is emerging, despite their suppressed feelings. Cal makes a surprise birthday present of the money to his father; however, Adam refuses to accept any money earned by what he regards as war profiteering. Cal does not understand, and sees his father\'s refusal to accept the gift as just another emotional rejection. When the distraught Cal leaves the room, Abra goes after him, to console him as best she can. Aron follows and orders Cal to stay away from her. In anger, Cal takes his brother to see their mother, then returns home alone. When his father demands to know where his brother is, Cal tells him. The shock drives Aron to get drunk and board a troop train to enlist in the army. When Sam , the sheriff, brings the news, Adam rushes to the train station in an attempt to dissuade him, but can only watch helplessly as his son steams away from him with his head out the rail car window, maniacally laughing at him. Adam suffers a stroke because of the incredible strain, leaving him paralyzed and unable to communicate. Cal and Abra enter the bedroom. Cal tries to talk to him, but gets no response and leaves the bedroom leaving Abra alone with Adam. Abra pleads with Adam to show Cal some affection before it is too late. She persuades Cal to go back into the room. When Cal makes his last bid for acceptance before leaving town, his father manages to speak. He tells his son to get rid of the annoying nurse and not to get anyone else, but to stay and take care of him himself. The film ends with Cal and Abra sitting by Adam\'s bedside.'] [" Set in rural Bengal of the 1920s, Pather Panchali focuses on the lives of Apu , the young protagonist of the film, and his family members. Apu's impoverished family lives in the dilapidated ancestral home in the village Nischindipur. Apu's father Harihar Ray  earns a meager living as a priest, and dreams of a better career as an author of scholarly plays and poems. He is easily exploited in his work — he cannot even muster the courage to ask his employer for overdue wages, although his family is in dire need of money. Harihar's wife, Sarbajaya  takes care of their two children, Durga  and Apu, and her elderly aunt-in-law, Indir Thakrun . With limited resources, Sarbajaya resents having to share her home with Indir. Indir is very old, toothless, and a hunchback cripple. Occasionally, she takes refuge in the home of another relative when Sarbajaya either forces her out or becomes overly offensive. Durga often steals fruit from a neighbour’s orchard and shares it with Aunt Indir, with whom she feels some filial affinity. Once, the wealthy neighbour blamed Durga for stealing a bead necklace. Sarbajaya bears the neighbour's innuendos blaming her for Durga’s propensity to steal. Durga, as the elder sister, cares for her brother Apu with motherly affection, although she does not spare any opportunity to tease him. They share the simple joys of life, such as sitting quietly under a tree, running after the candy man who passes through the village, viewing pictures in a bioscope shown by a traveling vendor, and watching a jatra by a troupe of actors. In the evening, they can hear the whistle of trains far away. One day they run away from home to catch a glimpse of the train. The scene depicting Apu and Durga running through Kaash fields to see the train is one of the memorable sequences in the film.<ref name237–238}} While returning from seeing the train, they discover their Aunt Indir lying dead there. Harihar, unable to make a good earning in the village, decides to travel to nearby cities to search for a better job. He promises Sarbajaya that he will return with money to repair their derelict house. During his absence, the family sinks even deeper into poverty. Sarbajaya grows increasingly lonely and embittered. The monsoon approaches and storm clouds gather. One day, Durga dances playfully in the downpour for a long time. Soon she catches cold, and develops a fever. With scarce medical care available, her fever continues and eventually on a night of incessant rain and gusty winds, she dies. Harihar returns home and starts to show Sarbajaya the merchandise he has brought from the city. Sarbajaya, who remains silent, breaks down at the feet of her husband, and Harihar screams as he discovers that he has lost his daughter. The family decides to leave the village and their ancestral home. As they start packing, Apu finds the necklace that Durga had earlier denied having stolen; he throws it into a pond. The film ends with Apu and his parents riding a slow ox-cart to their new destination. Almost immediately upon their departure, a snake crawls into the house."] ['On the day of his only daughter\'s wedding, Vito Corleone  hears requests in his role as the Godfather, the Don of a New York crime family. Vito\'s youngest son Michael , in Marine Corps khakis, introduces his girlfriend, Kay Adams , to his family at the sprawling reception. Vito\'s godson Johnny Fontane , a popular singer, pleads for help in securing a coveted movie role, so Vito dispatches his consigliere Tom Hagen  to the abrasive studio head, Jack Woltz , to secure the casting. Woltz is unmoved until the morning he wakes up in bed with the severed head of his prized stallion. Shortly before Christmas 1945, drug baron Virgil "The Turk" Sollozzo , backed by the Corleones\' rivals, the Tattaglias, asks Vito for investment and protection through his political connections, but Vito disapproves of drug dealers. Instead, he sends his enforcer, Luca Brasi  to spy on them, but two fish are sent to the family wrapped in Brasi\'s vest, confirming he "sleeps with the fishes". An assassination attempt by Sollozzo\'s men lands Vito in the hospital, so eldest son, Sonny , takes command. Sollozzo kidnaps Hagen to pressure Sonny to accept his deal. Michael thwarts a second assassination attempt on his father at the hospital, but is accosted by corrupt police captain McCluskey , who breaks his jaw. Sonny retaliates by having Tattaglia\'s son killed. Michael comes up with a plan to hit Sollozzo and McCluskey that his brother approves over Hagen\'s objections: on the pretext of settling the dispute, Michael lures the pair to a restaurant, retrieves a planted handgun and murders them. Despite a clampdown from the authorities, the Five Families erupt in open warfare and the brothers fear for their safety. Michael takes refuge in Sicily, and Fredo  is sheltered by associate Moe Greene  in Las Vegas. Sonny attacks his brother-in-law Carlo on the street for abusing his sister Connie . When it happens again, Sonny speeds for her home but assassins ambush him at a highway toll booth and riddle him with machine gun fire. Vito is saddened to learn that, despite his hopes, Michael has become involved in the family business. However, Michael has fallen in love with Apollonia Vitelli  and married her in Sicily. His peace is shattered when a car bomb intended for him takes the life of his new wife. To end the feuds, Vito meets with the heads of the Five Families, withdrawing his opposition to the Tattaglias\' heroin business and swearing to forego revenge for Sonny\'s murder. He deduces that the Tattaglias were under orders of the now dominant Don Emilio Barzini . With his safety guaranteed, Michael returns home and over a year later marries Kay. Seeing his father at the end of his career and his surviving brother too weak, Michael takes the reins of the family and promises his wife to make it legitimate within five years. Biding his time, Michael allows rival families to pressure Corleone enterprises and plans to move family operations to Nevada, while delegating New York operations to members who stay behind. Michael also replaces Hagen with his father as his consigliere; Vito explains to an upset Hagen that they have long range plans for him in the family. When Michael travels to Las Vegas to buy out Greene\'s stake in the family\'s casinos, Greene derides the Corleones as a fading power. Michael\'s anger is fueled when Fredo falls under Greene\'s sway. Vito collapses and dies in his garden in 1955 while playing with Michael’s son Anthony. At the funeral, Salvatore Tessio  arranges a meeting between Michael and Don Barzini, signalling his treachery as Vito had warned. The meeting is set for the same day as the christening of Connie and Carlo\'s son, to whom Michael will stand as godfather. As the christening proceeds, Corleone assassins, acting on Michael\'s orders, murder the other New York dons and Moe Greene. Tessio is told that Michael is aware of his betrayal and taken off to his death. After Carlo is questioned by Michael on his involvement in setting up Sonny\'s murder and confesses he was contacted by Barzini, Peter Clemenza  kills him with a garrotte. Michael is confronted by Connie, who accuses him of having her husband killed. He denies killing Carlo when questioned by Kay, an answer she accepts. As Kay watches warily, Michael receives his capos, who address him as the new Don Corleone.'] ['The Wild Stallion is about an 11 year old girl from Cleveland, Ohio named Hanna Mills , who wants to photograph wild horses for a project and to try to help save them. Her mom died a few years ago of cancer. After visiting a ranch during summer vacation and befriending another 11 year old girl named CJ , the girl learns about illegal activities that might jeopardize the mustangs. Along the way she learns about the horses including the legend of the black stallion and she makes a new friend in CJ.'] ["The Ryans of St John's, Newfoundland, are an old family steeped in tradition. Donald Ryan edits the local newspaper while his brothers and sisters run the funeral parlour. Early one morning, Donald's son Draper Doyle goes to the newspaper office to surprise his father with a birthday cake, only to witness something traumatic. Two days later, Donald Ryan is dead. In the ensuing weeks, Draper Doyle's sleep is plagued by nightmares, and he realises he has no memories of the time surrounding his father's death. With the help of his uncle Reg, Draper Doyle tries to come to terms with the truth about Donald Ryan, and the key to this may be Donald's lucky hockey puck."] ['Jedda is an Aboriginal girl born on a cattle station in the Northern Territory of Australia. After her mother dies giving birth to her, the child is brought to Sarah McMann, the wife of the station boss. Sarah has recently lost her own newborn to illness. She at first intends to give the baby to one of the Aboriginal women who work on the station, but then raises Jedda as her own, teaching her European ways and separating her from other Aborigines. Jedda wants to learn about her own culture, but is forbidden by Sarah. When Jedda grows into a young woman, she becomes curious about an Aboriginal man from the bush named Marbuck. This tall stranger arouses strong feelings in her. She is lured to his camp one night by a song. Marbuck abducts her and sets off back to his tribal land, through crocodile-infested swamps. Joe, a half-caste stockman in love with Jedda, tracks the two for several days. They travel across high, rocky country, and down a river until Marbuck reaches his tribe. The tribal council declares that Marbuck has committed a serious crime by bringing Jedda to them, because she is not of the right \'skin\' group. They sing his death song as punishment. Marbuck defies the elders and takes Jedda into an area of steep cliffs and canyons, taboo lands. Driven insane by the death song, he pulls Jedda with him over a tall cliff, and both perish. Joe, the narrator, says her spirit has joined "the great mother of the world, in the dreaming time of tomorrow."'] ['The movie tells the story of a family in crisis. The mother, Leona , escapes to Jamaica to grieve the loss of her baby daughter. While there she meets kindly housekeeper Clara Mayfield . Clara pulls Leona out of her depression with a blunt, no-nonsense style. Leona is so taken with her that she brings Clara back to their home in Baltimore to be housekeeper and nanny to young son David, played by Neil Patrick Harris. At first he is resistant and sees her as an intruder, but as the parents are completely wrapped up in their own grief and dissolving marriage, David comes to trust Clara and to depend on her. Clara harbors her own dark secret, which when revealed, serves to firm the bond between these two very different, but loving, characters.'] ["The film's central story concerns a father, Lalit Verma , who is trying to organize an enormous, chaotic, and expensive wedding for his daughter, for whom he has arranged a marriage with a man she has known for only a few weeks . As so often happens in the Punjabi culture, such a wedding means that, for one of the few times each generation, the whole family comes together from all corners of the globe including India, Australia, Oman and the United States. It is a story set in the modern upper-middle class of India, where telecommunications and a western lifestyle mix with old traditions, like the arranged wedding young Aditi accepts when she ends a current affair. The groom is an Indian living in Texas, and all relatives from both families, some from distant places like Australia, come to New Delhi during the monsoon season to attend the wedding. The four-day arrangements and celebrations will see clumsy organization, family parties and drama, dangers to the happy end of the wedding, and lots of music."] ["A young English woman named Nikky Ferris  takes a trip with her aunt  to the Greek island of Crete. She meets a wounded stranger  and the plot takes off, involving her in the man's attempt to recover stolen jewels while battling the thief  who is in hiding at his sister's  small inn called 'The Moon-Spinners'. The thief hopes to sell the jewels to a mysterious wealthy woman, played by silent film star Pola Negri, in her final film role."] ["In Asheville, Grace , an airport car-rental agent living with her mother , quits her job and embarks on a long-delayed quest: facing the legal barriers that keep her from finding the son she gave up for adoption when she was a teenager. Across the state in Kure Beach, Mark , a young man obsessed with saving loggerhead sea turtles, meets George ([[Michael Kelly , a friendly motel owner with some secrets of his own, who offers him a place to stay. In the center of the state is the small town of Eden, where a minister's wife  struggles to confront her conservative husband  over their estrangement from their son. The film also stars Robin Weigert, Ann Owens Pierce, Valerie Watkins, Trevor Gagnon, Kelly Mizell, Craig Walker, Michael Esper and Joanne Pankow. Irish singer-songwriter and composer Mark Geary wrote the original score as well as two songs for the film. The music of singer/songwriter Patty Griffin is also featured prominently, and sonaBLAST! Records released the soundtrack. Loggerheads was filmed on location primarily in Wilmington, North Carolina in May, 2004."] ['Young foster children Roger  and his friend J.P.  love to sneak into baseball games of the hopelessly dreadful California Angels. Still in limited contact with his widower father, Roger asks when they will be a family again. His father replies sarcastically, "I\'d say when the Angels win the pennant." Taking his father\'s words literally, Roger prays for God to help the Angels win. After he prays, a star, unseen by Roger, twinkles in the sky. Then, in a game against the Toronto Blue Jays which Roger and J.P. attend, he sees a group of angels led by Al  helping the team. Although Roger can see the angels quite clearly, everyone else can only explain the seemingly impossible acts as freak occurrences. Roger\'s unique ability to see which players are receiving help from angels leads the Angel\'s skeptical manager, George Knox  to keep Roger around as a good luck charm/consultant. Due to the much needed help, the Angels start to win games and make a surprising second-half surge to the top of their division. Unfortunately, Roger\'s father permanently gives up custody of his son instead. As Roger laments his loss, J.P. accidentally reveals to antagonistic sports broadcaster Ranch Wilder  that Roger has the ability to see angels, and that Knox has been winning through the advice Roger\'s given him. Ranch, hoping to destroy Knox informs the press of this and their manager Hank Murphy ([[Ben Johnson  threatens to terminate Knox for this seemingly absurd notion that angels are helping the team. Roger comes clean to his caretaker Maggie Nelson  about his special ability and at a press conference they and the entire Angels team defend Knox in front of the press. Moved by their faith, Murphy allows Knox to remain as coach of the California Angels. On the championship game none of the Angels show up to help the team. Later on Al explains that championships must be played without help from the Angels and that he was just checking Mel Clark  who will be one of them soon . Throughout the game Clark has been in, but is getting tired after 159 pitches. When Coach Knox goes in, everyone thinks he is going in to take him out, but instead, Knox gives Clark some motivation, with help from Roger, the Angels team, and finally, the entire stadium audience as well as Murphy and the broadcasters . The Angels ultimately win the final game of the regular season without the help of the angels and clinch the division pennant over the rival Chicago White Sox. Murphy fires Wilder due to his snide remarks over the Angels. The movie ends with George adopting both Roger and J.P. J.P. sees Al at the window and knew it could happen. Al circles around the house and says "We\'re always watching" and flying off into the stars, which re-enact a baseball game.'] ['A young girl is spiritually torn apart by forces beyond her control. After suffering a nervous breakdown, she is placed in an asylum, where for the first time she is treated as a human being by a compassionate psychiatrist.'] ['Christopher Rocket is a man loyal to his work but unable to fulfill his girlfriend Anne or anything else in his personal life. He came back to his homeland after his estranged father Tom Rocket suffers a stroke. Jane Rocket, his mother, is a central figure in his dysfunctional past.'] ["Jae-Mun is a seasoned veteran of the gang. Although a physically imposing black belt in Taekwondo, Chi-Guk is a soft-spoken newcomer to gang life, who is quietly offended by Jae-Mun's arbitrary and random acts of cruelty and rudeness against him and others. They travel to a remote town to perform an assassination of rival gangster Dae-Sik, who was responsible for the death of a friend of Jae-Mun. While waiting for an opportunity to perform the hit, Jae-Mun coincidentally befriends Dae-Sik's mother  and spends some time with her. She comes to treat him as another son, even buying him clothing. A tragic plot develops, culminating in a bloody showdown between Jae-Mun and Dae-Sik."] ['Millions tells the story of 7-year-old Damian, a devout Catholic school boy, whose family moves to the suburbs of Widnes after the death of his mother. Soon after the move, Damian\'s "hermitage" in a cardboard box by the train tracks is disturbed by a bag of money flung from a passing train. Damian immediately shows the money to his brother, Anthony, and the two begin thinking of what to do with it. Anthony wants the money all to himself. Damian, kind-hearted and religious, had recently overheard three Latter-day Saint missionaries lecture other members of the community on building foundations of rock rather than foundations of sand, an old Christian principle which dictates that self-worth should be based on the teachings of Christ rather than any other object of worship such as Money/Mammon or Power. The lecture inspires Damian, who looks for ways to give his share of the money to the poor; at one point he even stuffs a bundle of cash through the missionaries\' letter box, having heard about their modest lifestyle and deciding that they too must be poor. Throughout the story, Damian commits small acts of kindness like buying birds from pet stores and setting them free and taking beggars to Pizza Hut, while Anthony bribes other kids at school into being his transportation and bodyguards, and looks into investing the money in real estate. The story takes place in the weeks leading up to The Bank of England\'s  change from the pound  to the euro - an event publicised as \'€ Day\'. An assembly is held at Damian\'s school to inform the children about the change, as well as to educate the children about helping the poor. Realizing that the money, which is in pounds, will be no good after a few days, Damian decides that the best thing to do would be to give it away before the conversion. He drops £1,000 into the donation can at the assembly. The woman collecting the money, Dorothy, is forced to report Damian; when questioned by the principal, Anthony lies that he and Damian stole the money from the Mormons. Damian and Anthony are grounded that night. When their father collects them from school he chats with Dorothy, and there is an obvious attraction between them. After the donation, Anthony\'s friend informs them that a train carrying notes which were to be destroyed after the conversion had been robbed. One bag was stolen in a diversion, while the robber remained on the train disguised as one of the emergency staff, and the money had been dispersed by throwing it off of the train at various locations throughout the country to be collected by the robbers. The boys logically conclude that their money was stolen, and Damian, who thought the money was from God, feels terrible. Around this time, a mysterious man comes snooping around the train tracks and asks Damian if he has any money. Damian thinks that the man is a beggar and tells him he has \'loads of money\'. However, Anthony realizes he is one of the robbers, and gives the man a jar full of coins to cover Damian\'s tracks. The robber eventually finds out where Damian lives and ransacks his house. Damian had informed his father about the money just before they came home to their destroyed house. The robbery is then explained. The robbers boarded the train. They then escaped the police by dressing as football fans and joining a crowd of similarly dressed fans leaving a game. However, one man remained on the train. He began to throw the money off, to be collected later. The robber who came sneaking around hid in Damian\'s room after ransacking it, much in the way the train robbery was carried out. Damian\'s father, who had resolved to give the money back, decided that if the robbers were going to steal his family\'s Christmas, then he would steal the robbers\' money. The family, as well as Dorothy, go on a massive shopping spree on Christmas Eve. That night, after they are asleep, their house is bombarded by beggars and charities begging for contributions, and seeing the confusion that results, Damian runs off to the train tracks to burn the money, deciding that it was doing more harm than good. While he is burning the money, he is visited by his dead mother, who tells him not to worry about her. In the final scene, the audience sees Damian\'s dream of the family flying a rocket ship to Africa and helping develop water wells, while Damian narrates over the scene that each family member but him had hidden a little bit of the money beforehand. Damian convinced them to spend this money on the wells he is dreaming about. Earlier in the movie this was shown to be the most crucial and cheapest way to drastically improve the quality of life for many African communities.'] ["A young man, Victor , arrives in Paris where his family have gathered around his seriously ill father Max , a former mogul now deteriorating physically and mentally. Max begins to behave very strangely, as his memories and those of Spain's past begin to cloud his mind. He becomes terrified of the staff taking care of him and tries to escape from the clinic in order to find a man named Rancel. The rest of his family assume Max is mad and quickly begin to squabble of dividing up his legacy, but Victor becomes convinced that his father is being troubled by real events, and is resolved to find out why."] ["Paula Fairley, now head of the Harte chain of department stores, has taken on the burden of preserving Emma's legacy. However, she suffers dissent within her extended family, in particular her devious cousin Jonathan Ainsley. Her marriage to Jim Fairley is unhappy, leading her into the arms of her childhood sweetheart, Shane O'Neill ([[Stephen Collins , grandson of Blackie O'Neill . Struggling to prove herself in a male dominated world, just like her grandmother before her, Paula would suffer heartache and loss that mirrors the life of her grandmother. Emma's request that Paula hold her dream is what drives Paula to fight and overcome personal tragedy and come out on top, so as to save the Harte name for the next generation."] ["Shepard stars as Howard Spence, an aging, hard-living Western movie star, who, disgusted with his life, flees by horse from the set of his latest western filming in the desert outside Moab, Utah. He hits the road looking for refuge in his past, traveling to his hometown of Elko, Nevada and, eventually, to Butte, Montana, looking for a woman  he left behind twenty years before when he was filming a movie there. Spence is doggedly pursued by Mr. Sutter , a humorless representative of the company insuring Spence's latest film, whose mission is to return Spence to the set to finish filming the movie. Also converging on Butte is a young woman named Sky , returning her late mother's ashes to her hometown and conducting a search of her own."] ['Two old friends who fell out of touch are reunited by a chance meeting in post-9/11 New York City. When the Twin Towers went down on that fateful morning in 2001, Charlie Fineman  lost everything important in his life. Five years have passed since Charlie\'s wife and daughters died, and now the once-successful and sociable man has become a withdrawn shadow of his former self. When fate brings Charlie and his former college roommate Alan Johnson  together once again on a Manhattan street corner, Alan is shocked to see just how far his old friend has fallen. Charlie\'s hair is long and he wears headphones constantly to let music drown out the horrifying memories and images in his mind. Though on the surface it would appear that Alan, a successful dentist, has it all, the pressures of a family and career have been weighing heavily on him. At a pivotal moment when Charlie and Alan both need a trusted friend, the restorative power of a rekindled friendship provides a lifeline needed to move forward. Alan endeavors to bring Charlie out of his shell by convincing him to see a therapist . Charlie is barely communicative, however, ending their sessions after only a couple of minutes. His therapist says he needs to tell the story about his family to someone eventually. Charlie soon tells Alan his tragic story, but afterwards tries to commit suicide by cop and ends up in a sanitarium. Legal proceedings commence, where a judge  must determine whether to commit Charlie to psychiatric care against his will. The judge leaves the decision to Charlie\'s in-laws, asking them to think of what their daughter would want for Charlie. They decide that he should not be committed; instead, Charlie moves to a new apartment, leaving behind the painful memories associated with his former home. At the end of the film, Alan visits Charlie for the day and his wife calls and tells him "I love you and just want you to come home."'] ['Martha Klein  is a chef at Lido, a gourmet restaurant in Hamburg, Germany. A perfectionist who lives only for her work, Martha has difficulty relating to the world other than through food. Her single-minded obsession with her culinary craft occasionally leads to unpleasant confrontations with customers. Consequently, the restaurant owner, Frida , requires her to see a therapist  to work out her poor interpersonal skills. Martha\'s therapy sessions, however, turn into monologues on food, and her approach to stress management usually involves hiding in the restaurant\'s walk-in refrigerator. Martha\'s life takes a dramatic turn when she learns that her sister died in a car accident, leaving behind a young daughter, Lina . The girl\'s father, Giuseppe Lorenzo , has been out of the picture for years living somewhere in Italy. Martha must now look after her niece, who is depressed, withdrawn, and refuses to eat. While trying to cope with her sister\'s death and the difficulty of raising a young girl, Martha\'s world is further complicated when Frida hires funloving and unorthodox Mario  as a sous-chef to replace Lea , who is expecting a child any day. Martha looks on in horror as Mario transforms her kitchen of precision and logistics with his relaxed banter and Italian music. Unable to find an acceptable babysitter, Martha starts to bring Lina to the restaurant with her. Lina warms to Mario\'s playfulness and even devours a plate of spaghetti he\'s prepared. Touched by Mario\'s kindness and concern for the child, Martha becomes more accepting of Mario. She even asks for his help in locating Lina\'s father in Italy and translating a letter she\'s written to him. Just as Martha\'s relationship with Lina seems to be improving, a setback occurs when she forgets to pick the girl up from school while helping Lea get to the hospital to deliver her baby. Lina is angry at being forgotten. To make amends, Martha offers to grant Lina any wish. For her wish, Lina wants Mario to cook for them. Mario agrees, and prepares a picnic-style dinner in Martha\'s living room. Despite the mess left behind in the kitchen, the evening of stories and games bring the three closer together. Martha\'s relationship with Lina is tested again when Martha is informed by the school principal that Lina has not been attending school regularly, and when she does come to school, she sleeps in the classroom. Lina has also been telling her friends that she\'s forced to work in a kitchen for her room and board. Angered by Lina\'s behavior, Martha tells her she can no longer come to the restaurant. Lina storms off, nearly getting hit by a car, and later attempts to run away to Italy. A frustrated Martha tells Lina in frustration, "I wish I had a recipe for you, that I could follow." Mario continues to support Martha, and their relationship becomes romantic. Lina\'s father finally arrives, and takes his daughter to Italy to live with his new wife and family. Distraught and conflicted by the separation, Martha rejects Mario\'s loving support, and after another confrontation with a customer, she quits her job. Martha reconciles with Mario, and the two drive to Italy to bring Lina back to Germany. Martha and Mario marry, adopt Lina, and make plans to open their own restaurant together. Meanwhile, Martha\'s therapy sessions have turned into cooking lessons for her therapist, who is amazed that she can tell the difference between the type of sugar he used and the type of sugar called for in the recipe.'] ["John Gray, the local policeman, owns Bobby the Westie, but allows a shy boy called Ewan to befriend his dog. When Gray dies and is buried in the Greyfriars Kirkyard, the dog will not leave the grave, despite his fondness for Ewan. The Greyfriars gravedigger, James Brown, takes a liking to Bobby, and gives him food and protection. However, the passing of a new dog law in Scotland threatens Bobby's very existence, and Ewan must do everything in his power to save his canine friend, even when it involves the Lord Provost of Edinburgh."] ['Akeelah Anderson  attends Crenshaw Middle School, a predominantly black school in South Los Angeles. Akeelah is a bright 11-year-old and never makes errors on her spelling tests and doesn\'t really seem to fit in. She lives with her widowed mother, Tanya , her three siblings Kiana, Devon, and Terrence , and her infant niece. Her principal , Mr. Welch and her teacher, Mrs. Cross, recommend her to sign up for the Crenshaw Schoolwide Spelling Bee, which she wins easily by spelling "fanciful". After that, Dr. Joshua Larabee , a visiting English professor and Mr. Welch\'s college friend, tests her with some difficult words and finds that she has the potential to reach the National Spelling Bee, even though she misspells "pulchritude". When Akeelah asks Dr. Larabee to coach her, he rejects her for being rude. Instead, she studies on her own for the district spelling bee. During the bee, her sister Kiana catches one of the other contestants cheating, disqualifying him. This allows Akeelah to take the tenth and final qualifying spot for the regional/state bee by spelling "pastiche", although she spelled a word wrong. She also meets and befriends Javier Mendez , a 12-year-old Mexican-American boy and fellow speller who has a crush on her. Their friendship started when he helped Akeelah pin her number on her shirt, saying that he won\'t "impale her". Javier invites her to join the spelling club at his Woodland Hills middle school. In Woodland Hills, Akeelah meets Dylan Chu ([[Sean Michael , a Chinese American boy who had won second place at the past two national spelling bees. He is contemptuous of her — as well as the other members of the spelling club — and asks her to spell "xanthosis"*. When she starts with a "z", he tells her she needs a coach. At the conclusion of the spelling club meeting, Javier invites Akeelah to his birthday party, where she has her first kiss with him; Javier plays it off by saying he only kissed her out of impulse, and jokingly asks if she plans to sue him for sexual harassment. Dylan plays Scrabble with Akeelah and several other guests. Akeelah almost defeats Dylan, but loses by just two points. She later overhears Dylan\'s father  reprimanding him for nearly losing to "a little black girl" and insisting he must win first place. Tanya, still depressed at her husband\'s death and concerned for her daughter\'s grades and frequent truancy, forbids Akeelah from participating in the state bee. Akeelah responds by forging her father\'s signature on the consent form. She memorizes all the winning words from past spelling bees and works with Dr. Larabee, learning not only words but life lessons as well. After an intense discussion with Dr. Larabee and Mr. Welch, Tanya relents, asking Akeelah how she thinks she should be punished. Akeelah suggests not being allowed to continue in the bee, which her mother says would not be a punishment to Akeelah, but to the two men who worked hard to sponsor her. Akeelah then suggests double her amount of chores for a month, which her mother accepts, but instead makes three months. In the meantime, Javier has fought an inspired delaying action to prevent Akeelah\'s disqualification; he walks very slowly to the microphone, and asks for his word, "ratatouille", to be repeated five times, defined and used in a sentence several times; he even asks for it to be used in a song. Dylan finishes first, Javier second, and Akeelah third; they all advance to the Scripps National Spelling Bee. As Christmas approaches, Akeelah goes out to buy Dr. Larabee a present, not knowing that he plans to give up coaching her because she reminds him too much of his deceased daughter Denise . Instead, he gives Akeelah 5,000 flashcards to study. Without her coach, Akeelah loses her motivation. She is rejected by her best friend, Georgia, and feels the pressure from her neighborhood to do them proud. But after her mom tells her that if she looked around her, she had "50,000 coaches", Akeelah recruits neighborhood coaches, including her family members, classmates, teacher, friends, and her neighbor Derrick T , and prepares in earnest. After reuniting with Dr. Larabee, Akeelah goes to Washington, D.C. with her mother, oldest brother, best friend, principal, and Dr. Larabee, unaware that her coach has paid for four of their tickets. On the plane, Akeelah sits next to Javier, who has an aversion to heights, and kisses him on the cheek. Akeelah and Georgia rekindle their friendship after she invites Georgia to accompany her to Washington D.C.At the competition, her performance is solid and steady, much of it thanks to her "jump rope" strategy from Dr. Larabee. With only a few stumbles, she is smiled on as a crowd favorite. Javier and Dylan also compete; Javier is eliminated on "Merovingian" which he spells Marovingian, finishing 5th, and begins rooting for Akeelah. The other finalists, Mary Calveretti and Rajeeve Subramonian misspell "mithridatism" and "vitrophyre," respectively. Finally, it is down to Dylan and Akeelah, and the two finalists are allowed a brief break before continuing with the 25 championship words. During the break, Akeelah overhears Dylan\'s father warning him that if he gets second place this year, his last chance at becoming middle-school champion, he will be second place for life. Akeelah attempts to throw the competition by deliberately misspelling "xanthosis" by spelling it with a "z" instead of an "x." Dylan, knowing that Akeelah deliberately misspelled the word, intentionally misspells it as well by spelling it with "ses" instead of "sis." While the judging board discusses this unlikely occurrence, Dylan tells Akeelah that he only wants to win fair and square, scoffing his father\'s do-or-die attitude. They both go word for word up to number 24. Dylan correctly spells "logorrhea", earning him at least a share of first place, and Akeelah spells "pulchritude" correctly to become co-champion. As she does so, Akeelah has a vision of relatives, neighbors, and Mr. Welch each contributing one letter to the word. Her victory raises cheers from Washington, D.C. to California with Akeelah and Dylan holding the trophy together.'] ["The kids of small-time crook Jack Charles  are put in a corrupt state-run home when their mother dies of cancer. Jack's teenage daughter Kelly  escapes the abusive home where she lives, and convinces Jack to pick up her younger brother Eddie . At first, Jack tries to dump them with their grandmother, but she is a gambler and a cheat, so the cops are after her, too. He then takes the kids to New Orleans with him, where he plans to pull off a big heist that could set him up for life."] ["A single father balances his work as an attorney with the care of his five year old son and his work as a high school basketball coach in rural Kansas, where he moved after his wife abandoned him in Chicago. Just as he starts to develop a new relationship with a veterinarian's assistant, his ex-wife suddenly reappears and wants to re-assert herself in her husband and son's life. On top of the romantic conflict, he is also suddenly presented with the opportunity of a lifetime to join a major firm in Dallas."] ["The plot centers on students involved in the Soweto Riots, in opposition to the implementation of Afrikaans as the language of instruction in schools. The character Sarafina  feels shame at her mother's  acceptance of her role as domestic servant in a white household in apartheid South Africa, and inspires her peers to rise up in protest, especially after her inspirational teacher, Mary Masombuka  is imprisoned."] ["Larry Cook , a prosperous Iowa farmer, decides to retire and split his acres of land among his three daughters, Ginny , Rose  and Caroline . Ginny and Rose happily accept the lucrative agreement to live and work on the farm but Caroline abandons farming for a law career in Des Moines and refuses to take part in the deal. Larry is consumed with rage and rejects Caroline, leaving Rose and Ginny to go about running the farm with their husbands (Keith Carradine and [[Kevin Anderson . However, as Larry loses touch with farming life, he begins to lose touch with reality, and his painful descent into senility leaves him bitterly opposed to his daughters' ways of running the farm. As she struggles to maintain the farm, Ginny encounters a rift in her relationship with Rose, who reveals that Larry had sexually abused her when she was a child, and insists that he had done the same thing to Ginny. The two women also develop a strong extra-marital attachment to Jess , the handsome son of a neighboring farmer who is loyal to Larry. Paranoid and disillusioned, Larry decides to sue Rose and Ginny in an effort to regain his patriarchal control, and seeks Caroline's help. The lawsuit divides the family forever, leaving Rose and Ginny to suffer alone while realizing painful truths about their childhood. As Rose and Ginny discover their own individual strengths in the face of adversity, they learn how to survive on their own, without the protection of the farm and the suffocating presence of their father."] ['The film is divided into three different \'family\' portraits. The first two take place at roughly the same time.{{cite web}} In part one, restaurateur Mi-ra  is satisfied with her ordered, if solitary, life until her ex-con brother Hyung-chul  suddenly appears with his much older new wife Mu-shin  in tow. Mi-ra reluctantly allows them to stay a time with her at the family home, but friction builds over a short time and with the unexpected arrival of Mu-shin\'s young stepdaughter Chae-hyun, the three adults quickly reach a breaking point. Part two concerns a quick-tempered young woman Sun-kyung  and her relationship with her estranged mother . Sun-kyung\'s resentment toward her mother is exacerbated by an affair the latter is having with a married man . Sun-kyung diligently tries to find employment in Japan, but once her mother dies of cancer, she must care for her young half-brother Gyeong-suk and abandon her expatriation. Part three brings together the first two story lines with the relationship of Chae-hyun  and Gyeong-suk  some years later. Gyeong-suk, now a college student, is extremely jealous of Chae-hyun\'s openness to other men in her life and their compatibility is tested as a result of what he considers her "easy" behavior [her promiscuity is neither confirmed or denied]. The film ends with Gyeong-suk being accepted by Chae-hyun\'s adopted family from part one.'] ["Schoolteacher and family man Ed Avery , who has been suffering bouts of severe pain and even blackouts, is hospitalized with what's diagnosed as polyarteritis nodosa, a rare inflammation of the arteries. Told by doctors that he probably has only months to live, Ed agrees to an experimental treatment: doses of the hormone cortisone. Ed makes a remarkable recovery. He returns home to his wife, Lou , and their son, Richie ([[Christopher Olsen . He must keep taking cortisone tablets regularly to prevent a recurrence of his illness. But the 'miracle' cure turns into a nightmare when Ed begins to misuse the tablets, causing him to experience wild mood swings and, ultimately, a psychotic episode which threatens the safety of his family."] ['Thomas plays Davey Osborne, an 11-year-old who lives in San Antonio with his father Hal Osborne, played by Coleman. His mother has recently died, leaving just him and his father, a military air traffic controller who has problems relating to his child. Davey is a lonely child and is still grieving over his mother, so he immerses himself in the fantasy world of Cloak & Dagger, an espionage game which exists in both role playing and video forms. Davey has one friend, Kim,  a girl who lives nearby with her single mother. Davey is interested in the world of espionage and his hero is the character Jack Flack from the game. He wants to live an action-packed life like Jack Flack and he carries around a water pistol as his "gun" and a softball as his "grenade". Davey spends much of his free time playing Cloak & Dagger and spinning elaborate fantasies involving Jack Flack, who in Davey\'s mind takes the form of a more dashing version of his father . One day Davey\'s friend Morris ([[William Forsythe , who owns a video game shop in the local mall, sends Davey and Kim on an errand, where Davey witnesses a murder. Right before the victim dies, he gives Davey a Cloak & Dagger video-game cartridge and says that the cartridge contains important military secrets, that he must get it to the FBI. Davey seeks help from the authorities but they simply believe him to be engaging in fantasy play. Murderous spies, led by the malevolent Dr. Rice ([[Michael Murphy , chase Davey relentlessly as he flees across the city. The action moves from Davey\'s house, to a series of tour boats, to the Alamo. Along the way Davey manages to continually evade his pursuers with the aid and advice of the imaginary Jack Flack. However, along the way Davey\'s relationship with Flack becomes more strained as his own sense of morality and concern for his friend Kim collide with Flack\'s harsh methods and cavalier attitude. This comes to a head when Davey is cornered by Rice, a brutal spy, along the River Walk. During the flight, Jack Flack urges Davey to set the two spies into a crossfire, causing one to kill the other. He then convinces Davey to pick up the gun of the dead spy. When he is then cornered, Jack Flack attempts a distraction, causing Davey to look off to the side. Thinking that somebody else has arrived, the spy fires at a blank wall. Davey in anger fires at Rice, causing him to fall dead into the river. Davey then realizes that Jack Flack tricked him into shooting the spy, and is filled with rage and guilt. He throws away the pistol, then takes out the miniature toy of Jack Flack, breaking it and shouting "I don\'t want to play anymore!" Jack Flack tells Davey that his father behaved the same way at his age, growing tired of playing "Cowboys and Indians". He says Davey was his favorite play partner, then Jack fades away into nothing. Earlier in a scene at the Alamo, Davey is befriended by a kindly elderly couple. Seemingly the only adults to believe him, or at least the only ones who are willing to humor his adventures, the couple turn out to be enforcers working for the spies. Davey manages to escape their clutches, but without the game cartridge, and he chases the couple to the airport where they are attempting to flee the country. At the airport, Davey forces the couple\'s hand by pretending that they are his parents and that they are abandoning him. When security attempts to intervene, the couple kidnaps Davey at gunpoint and commandeers a plane, unaware that Davey has brought with him a bomb which the spies had meant to use to kill Kim. Unwilling to listen to Davey about the bomb, the couple requests a pilot. Meanwhile, Hal has arrived at the airport with Kim\'s mother, and after hearing about the hostage situation, he volunteers to be the pilot. The two manage to escape safely, the bomb kills the dastardly couple. The film ends with the two reunited and Davey insisting he no longer needs Jack Flack because he has his father.'] ['When a Silicon Valley Chinese American executive goes back to his homeland of China for the first time in 30 years, he and his family encounter many culture clashes between the lives that they lead in the United States and the lives of their relatives in China. The finale of the movie includes an exciting table tennis match involving the Chinese-American son played by Kelvin Han Yee.'] ["The true story of Barbara Daly Baekeland , her husband Brooks Baekeland , heir to the Bakelite plastics fortune, and their only child Antony . The story begins with Antony's birth and follows the family to the time of his arrest for the murder of his mother."] ["Kym  is released from rehab for a few days so she can go home to attend the wedding of her sister Rachel . At home, the atmosphere is strained between Kym and her family members as they struggle to reconcile themselves with her past and present. Kym's father  shows intense concern for her well-being and whereabouts, which Kym interprets as mistrust. She also resents her sister's choice of her best friend Emma , rather than Kym, to be her maid of honor. Rachel, for her part, resents the attention her sister's drug addiction is drawing away from her wedding, a resentment that comes to a head at the rehearsal dinner, where Kym, amid toasts from friends and family, takes the microphone to offer an apology for her past actions, as part of her twelve-step program. Underlying the family's dynamic is a tragedy that occurred years previously, which Kym retells at a Narcotics Anonymous meeting. As a teenager, Kym was responsible for the death of her young brother Ethan, who was left in her care one day; driving home from a nearby park, an intoxicated Kym had lost control of the car, driving over a bridge and into a lake, where her brother drowned. The day before the wedding, as Rachel, Kym, and the other bridesmaids are getting their hair done, Kym is approached by a man whom she knew from an earlier stint in rehab. He thanks her for the strength she gave him through a story about having been molested by an uncle and having cared for her sister, who was anorexic. Rachel, hearing this, storms out. The story, it turns out, was all a lie &mdash; an apparent attempt by Kym to evade responsibility for her addiction. The sisters' fight comes to a head later that night at their father's house, when Kym comes home. As it turns out, Rachel still blames her for Ethan's death, despite their father's attempt to calm them down. This causes Kym to leave, after eventually admitting to being high while she was a teen. She heads to their mother Abby's house, hoping to find solace with her after a fight with Rachel. However, a fight breaks out between them when Kym learns the truth about her mother also being responsible for Ethan's death. She confronts Abby and demands to know why she left him in her care while she was under the influence instead of leaving him with Rachel. Kym soon realizes that Abby is denying any responsibility she has for his death. She tells her that she was good to Ethan and that Rachel is wrong in accusing her for his death. Once Kym tells her mother that she was also responsible for Ethan's death, Abby is furious and slaps Kym in the face. Furious, Kym hits Abby back and runs off again in her father's car. While driving away, Kym is seen crying because, while she started to accept responsibility for what she has done under the influence, her mother has failed to do the same. This time, Kym intentionally crashes her father's car into a giant rock, and spends the night in the wreck. The next morning, the day of the wedding, Kym is awoken by police. After passing a sobriety test, she gets a ride home. She makes her way to Rachel's room, as Rachel prepares for the wedding. Seeing Kym's bruised face from a fight she had with their mother prompts her anger of the previous night to vanish, and Rachel tenderly bathes and dresses her sister. Amid a festive Indian theme, Rachel and her fiancee are wed. Kym is the maid of honor, and is overcome with emotion as the couple exchanges their vows. Kym tries to enjoy herself throughout the wedding reception but continues to feel out of place and is nagged by the unresolved dispute with her mother. Ultimately, her mother leaves the party early, despite Rachel's effort to bring the two together, and the gulf between Kym and Abby is left unreconciled. The next morning, Kym must return to rehab. As she is leaving, Rachel runs out of the house to hug her."] ["The film starts at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. A group of Marines have just returned to the US from Iraq. As the Marines leave, one Marine remains and makes his way towards the exit. The Marine's name is Jesse Rodriguez ([[Freddy Rodriguez . The film cuts to a house where a man, Edy Rodriguez  is on a ladder nailing up a welcome home sign for Jesse. The woman, his wife, Anna Rodriguez  gives him a rather disgruntled look before leaving to prepare for Jesse's return. Edy then travels to his store, a small neighborhood supermarket, called Bodega. Along the way, and even in the store, Edy appears to be quite popular with the ladies. Back at the airport, Jesse finally meets up with his friends Johnny  and Ozzy , who have come to pick him up. On the way to his fathers store, Jesse takes off his eye-patch to reveal that he can still see, but the area around his eye is badly injured. After some prompting from Johnny and Ozzy, he reveals that he was the lucky one, as his friend Eddie was not as lucky and Jesse feels some guilt for this. On the way, the three pass a park and Jesse tells them to stop. The park was their childhood playground and the three take a little time off to play a game of baseball and reminisce. While at the park, Ozzy spots Hector , the man who killed his brother, recently been released from prison. Ozzy stares at Hector, and Hector stares back, however, before Ozzy is able to make his way to Hector, both Jesse and Johnny hold him back the they make their way to Edy's store. Jesse's sister Roxanna  arrives by taxi, although everyone assumes she came in a limo because they all assume that she made it big in Hollywood as an actress. Jesse's Brother Mauricio  also arrives, along with his wife Sarah . Sarah greets Anna and it is evident that she is not exactly comfortable around her in-laws but she is making an effort, even speaking a bit of Spanish. However, the topic drifts towards children and Anna makes it very clear that she wants grandchildren, but Sarah is a very business driven woman and isn't ready for kids, this causes some tension between Sarah, Anna, and Mauricio. After things settle down, everyone sits down and begins to catch up and each persons story is brought up: Jesse has just return from a three year tour in Iraq and is being prepared by Edy to take up the family business; Roxanna is waiting on news regarding a new TV deal; and Mauricio is an attorney and Sarah is in finances and making a great deal of money, but don't have time for much else. The conversation moves towards Jesse's experience in Iraq, but its obvious that he does not want to talk about it . Soon after, Marissa , her son, and her boyfriend Fernando  arrive. Marissa is Roxanna's best friend from childhood, and Jesse's ex-girlfriend. It is evident that Jesse still has feelings for Marissa and vice versa, but there is much tension in the air. After everyone has arrived, they all sit down for Christmas dinner. Everyone is digging into an abundant pile of food, chatting away, while Sarah sits there with a look of awe on her face as she has never experienced the holidays with Mauricio's family. Edy is about to give a toast to everyone but gets a call, it seems that Edy has been getting a lot of calls, and often runs out when he does which gets Anna suspicious that he is having an affair, and cheating on her again . Well, when the phone rings during Edy's toast, he stops to answer the call, and having broken the last straw, Anna proclaims that she is divorcing Edy. At first everyone thinks this is a joke, but it is soon evident that Anna is dead serious. Edy reacts with little emotion, saying that if it is what Anna wants then he can't really do anything about it. Mauricio is vehemently against this and tries to get some support from Jesse, whose response is similar to his father's, which angers Mauricio further. At this time, Johnny, Ozzy, Marissa and Fernando excuse themselves as it is a family matter. After more arguing, everyone leaves to vent, except for Sarah, who stays at her seat and continues eating, sort of a gesture of comfort/support to Anna; and the two have a somewhat awkward yet endearing bonding moment. At night, Jesse is about to go to bed when Edy shows up, having been kicked out of the bed room and is not bunking with Jesse. Father and son have a conversation about Jesse's experiences but Edy can't really get much out of his son. Later that night, Mauricio is up in the Attic thinking about the nights events when Roxanna shows up. The two share a drink and Jesse shows up. The siblings reminisce about their childhood and what the future will be like after their parents divorce. Both Roxanna and Jesse are relatively neutral on the matter, but Mauricio is very against them. Being the only one of the three to be married, he believes that after 35 years of marriage, their parents have to have at least some love for each other, and that there is always a chance to salvage what remains of their marriage and he says all this while in his underwear . In the morning, Jesse catches up with Marissa while she is walking to work. She still hasn't forgiven him for leaving her several years ago. As it turns out, Jesse didn't want to stay in town and follow in his fathers footsteps and ended signing up for the marines. While in Iraq, his unit was holed up in a building for the night, Lenny offered to take Jesse's watch so he can grab something to eat. While Jesse is getting some food, a rocket propelled grenade is shot into the building and Lenny is killed, while everyone else is injured. Ever since then, Jesse blames himself for Lenny's death since it was supposed to be his watch, and his life that would be lost. Marissa sympathizes and forgives him. Back at the house, Mauricio is attempting to get Anna and Edy back together by bringing over their priest, Father Torres . Anna returns home and Mauricio brings her into the kitchen. Anna is clearly drunk and is very upset. Another argument ensues and everyone is at everyone else's throat. Mauricio argues with Anna regarding having children, Roxanna reveals that shes not a star and can barely make ends meet. Both Mauricio and Roxanna think Jesse has it easy, since he gets the store to manage as soon as he returned. However, Jesse doesn't want to manage the store and his guilt over Lenny's death has been haunting him since his return. After more arguing, everyone leaves. Roxanna, Jesse and Mauricio end up in a bar to drink/party to vent off some tension. Sarah gets back to the house and finds out that everyone has left. Edy offers to give her a ride to the bar where everyone is. While driving Sarah to the bar to meet the others, Edy appears to have a heart attack and stomps on the brakes. Luckily, they skid into a parking area and no one is injured; Sarah is able to fetch Edy's medication from the glove box in time. As Sarah looks at the bottles, she realizes that Edy is really very ill and that that's the reason hes getting those phone calls . Edy makes her promise to not tell anyone, since he doesn't want anyone to worry so they can enjoy the holidays. At the bar, everyone takes the chance to have some fun, drinking and dancing. Sarah gets hammered and starts dancing with Mauricio, who can't dance at all but does so anyway. Everyone is having a blast and Jesse takes the time to talk to Marissa. Roxanna, receives a call from her agent , goes outside to answer the phone and have a smoke. While Roxanna is out having a smoke, Ozzy comes out to talk to her. It is obvious that Ozzy likes Roxanna, but she is a bit apprehensive as she sees him as a gang-member type person, although Marissa has noted that he hasn't been part of that crowd for quite some time. Roxanna and Ozzy go to the local ice rink to talk, and Roxanna tells him that she really isn't much of a star since she has only had a few small roles in TV and commercials and can't really get a big part. Ozzy assures her that she will get her big break, but she is not so sure. Roxanna mentions returning home since her career isn't going anywhere, and her mom may need her around during the divorce. Ozzy is happy that Roxanna may stay, but is supportive of her career. The next day, everyone prepares to have a little Christmas carol parade, where people travel from house to house caroling, and people join along the way until nearly the entire neighborhood has joined in. The parade ends with everyone arriving at the church for a big party/dinner. Everyone is dancing and having fun. Fernando goes off to get something to drink and Jesse asks Marissa for a dance. The two begins to get close and Jesse leans in to kiss her, just as Fernando lunges in and hits Jesse. Jesse  pummels Fernando before his friends drag him off. While this is happening, Ozzy can't take it anymore and leaves to confront Hector. Hector is returning home with his mother and sees Ozzy. Knowing what Ozzy has come to do, he tells his mother to go into the house and make dinner, while he goes outside with Ozzy. Outside, Hector tells Ozzy that he's ready to die, and has been for many years while in prison. Ozzy is visibly struggling to decide whether or not to kill Hector, just then, his phone rings, it's Roxanna. Ozzy gives up, and lets Hector live, and leaves to meet Roxanna. Ozzy and Roxanna go to the river, where he gets rid of the gun, and the two kiss. After midnight mass, Edy drives Anna home. On the ride home Anna confronts Edy about his affair, but all Edy will say is that all he wants is to have a good Christmas with the whole family, and that they should keep it together until the kids leave. Anna says that after the kids leave, there will be nothing more to talk about. Edy is now alone in the kitchen, drinking. Jesse and Mauricio return home and join their father, each drinking to their own little problems. Edy, decides to do one last thing for Anna and finally cut down that tree so the three go outside and secure the tree to a chain that is connected to the rear bumper of Edy's car. Edy guns the engine but the rear bumper comes off and he crashes into a parked car, injuring himself. Anna calls the ambulance and Edy is rushed off to the hospital. Before the ambulance leaves, Sarah runs out to Anna and hands her all of Edy's medications since she's the only one who knows how serious his health is. The whole family is at the hospital to check on Edy. It turns out that Edy has cancer, it's serious but he's being treated for it. Anna finally realizes that Edy was not cheating on her, and that the Susan that Edy was talking to was actually his oncologist. The couple make their peace and profess love for each other, and then Anna smacks Edy for being stupid and not telling her sooner. Having seen how frail life can be, Sarah decides to have children, and take the new position at work, and will try to balance both in her life with support from Mauricio. Back at the house, Anna is teaching Roxanna and Sarah how to cook with moderate success. Roxanna gets a call from her agent, and when she returns, it appears as she has not gotten the part. Outside the house, Ozzy comes by to talk to Roxanna and she reveals that she actually did get the part, but it wasn't a very big part anyway, and she thought it would be best to stick with her family during these times, so she turned down the part. The next scene shows Jesse visiting Marissa to drop off some Christmas presents and to apologize for his behavior the previous night. She forgives him, but she has a relationship with Fernando now and a happy family life. Jesse concedes and wishes her a happy life. After leaving, Jesse sits on a park bench, making a call to Lenny's parents to tell them about their son and how he died so he can get closure and move on. The final scene shows Edy, after discharge from the hospital, taking Jesse to his store, who has now decided to take up the family business instead of going back to Iraq."] ['In 1923, the young Kim Shun-Pei moves from Cheju Island , to Osaka . Through the years, he becomes a cruel, greedy and violent man and builds a factory of kamaboko  in his poor Korean-Japanese community exploiting his employees. He makes a fortune, abuses and destroys the lives of his wife and family, has many mistresses and children and shows no respect to anyone. Later he closes the factory, lending out the money with high interest and becomes a loan shark. His hateful behavior remains unchanged to his last breath, alone in North Korea. The film is told from the perspective of Masao, his legitimate son by his abused and degraded wife, who knows nothing about his father other than to fear him.'] ['In Yorkshire, England at the estate of the Duke of Rudling, the British Army converted the grounds into a training camp for war dogs. The camp is placed under the supervision of Sam Carraclough, the kennel caretaker, who immediately begins the process of selecting the best dogs for training, including Laddie, the young pup of the champion collie, Lassie. Joe Carraclough, now an adult, joins the Royal Air Force  during the Second World War. Departing for training school, he is forced to leave behind his dog Lassie and her pup, Laddie. Laddie, being considered as a "war dog", follows Joe to training school and then stows away on his master\'s bomber, just as it takes off on a dangerous mission over Nazi-occupied Norway. The two are forced to parachute when hit by enemy fire. Laddie seeks help for his injured master and while they are separated with Joe being captured, the dog is pursued by enemy soldiers, first being sheltered by young Norwegian children and then by a freedom-fighter who is killed. Laddie reaches the prisoner-of-war camp where his master had been taken. The German guards use Laddie to seek out his master who had escaped. In his search for Joe who is forced into a labor detail on a coastal gun emplacement, Laddie is reunited with his master and thereafter, the two race for their lives to reach friendly lines as the Nazis pursue them. Finally free, both Joe and Laddie make their way back to the Rudling estate to reunite with Lassie, Sam Carraclough, Joe\'s father and Priscilla, the Duke of Rudling\'s granddaughter.'] ["A four-member teen girl group named the Cheetah Girls go to a Manhattan high school for the performing arts and try to become the first freshmen to win the talent show in the school's history. During the talent show auditions, they meet a big-time producer named Jackal Johnson, who tries to make the group into superstars, but the girls run into many problems. Galleria becomes a full-time snob and forgets her friends, Dorinda has to choose between her friends or the dance club and other things that could break the Cheetah Girls apart permanently. The group faces many tough decisions, but they all know the right way to go in the end. And they find that they have to agree to the same thing anyway to stay together also by showing loyalty to each other just as every friend should."] [';Prologue A young woman, Blanca Trueba , arrives at a house with an old man, whom she leads inside to a chair. The old man asks to be alone. The young woman sits down on the stairs, close to where a little girl is playing, and starts remembering her life. ;Clara and Esteban Blanca\'s mother, Clara del Valle , knew she was in love with Esteban Trueba the first time she saw him, even though she was still a child. Esteban Trueba  had come to propose to Clara\'s sister, Rosa del Valle. Esteban left his fiancée with her family to earn money for their wedding. Clara has special psychic powers and can sometimes foresee the future. One day, she has a vision and tells her sister Rosa that there will be a death in the family. The next day, Rosa dies after drinking poison intended for her father, Senator Severo. Clara blames herself for her sister\'s death, and after watching her sister\'s autopsy, decides never to speak again. Esteban arrives heartbroken at the funeral. At home, his sister, Férula , confronts him saying that he has to work to support her and their sick mother. Esteban leaves for his newly bought hacienda, Tres Marías. He finds many natives living on his land and tells them to work for him for food and shelter. For the next twenty years, Esteban makes Tres Marías an example of a successful Hacienda. He spends some nights with Tránsito, a prostitute (María Conchita Alonso, to whom he borrows money so she can start a new career in the capital. One day he rapes a peasant girl, Pancha García , who works for him. Twenty years later, Esteban receives a letter stating his mother has died. After her funeral, Esteban decides to ask for Clara\'s hand, despite Férula protests that Clara is too sickly and will not take care of him properly. When he shows up at the Del Valle family\'s house, Clara asks him right away if he has come to ask her to marry him, thus speaking again for the first time in twenty years. Esteban confirms he is there to marry Clara. Férula meets Clara at a coffee shop to talk to her about her own future, and Clara, sensing Férula\'s worries, promises her that she can live with her and Esteban in Tres Marías after the wedding and the two will be like sisters. Férula is overwhelmed with happiness, realising she has found a friend in her new sister-in-law, the first person who has been actually kind to her. Sometime later, Férula goes to church to confess that she has strange feelings for Clara. She reports uneasiness when Clara sleeps with Esteban, and also fierce dedication to her sister-in-law. She realises that she is feeling much more for Clara than she should. Esteban senses this and is resentful of Férula\'s interference in his family. Clara\'s parents are killed in a terrible accident on the way to visit their pregnant daughter. Soonafter, Clara gives birth to a girl as she predicted, and names her Blanca. Some years later, Pancha García appears at the family house with her and Esteban\'s bastard teenage son, Esteban García. She asks for money and tells Esteban Trueba that he cannot get rid of her and his son. Esteban Trueba is very annoyed and goes back to play with Blanca . Esteban García comes back to the house later when no one is looking. He finds the child Blanca and begins to molest her. Férula calls Blanca\'s name and Esteban García runs away. Clara has been giving classes to the peasant children and Blanca. Pedro Tercero, the little son of the peasant Segundo at Tres Marias befriends Blanca, and after school she goes out to play with him. The two are gone for hours, and Esteban Trueba, Férula, and Clara start worrying. The two children are eventually found playing in the lagoon. Esteban Trueba does not like that his daughter is playing with a peasant boy and decides to send Blanca to a boarding school. ;Blanca and Pedro Tercero After graduating from school, Blanca returns home to Tres Marías. That night she goes out to the lagoon and meets a grown up Pedro Tercero , and they talk and kiss. That same night, while Esteban attends a political party, there is an earthquake, he worries about Clara and Blanca and drives all the way to Tres Marías and finds that Férula has climbed into bed with Clara. He is so angry that he throws Férula out of the house telling her never to step close to his family again. Clara overhears him threatening his sister and feels sad and disappointed. Sometime later, Esteban brings the French Count Jean de Satigny  to his home intending to arrange a marriage between him and Blanca. Clara senses that the French "nobleman" is a fraud while reading cards but Esteban dismisses her as folly. While Satigny is still visiting, Esteban catches Pedro preaching revolutionary ideas to the peasant people, and punishes him with a fierce whipping and banishing him from Tres Marías. That night at dinner, Férula suddenly appears in the house, kisses Clara on the forehead and leaves again. Clara tells the rest of the family that Férula is dead. Clara and Esteban drive into town to Férula\'s modest house, where they find her dead on the bed. Pedro has returned to Tres Marías and talks to the peasants about their rights and nearly gets shot by Esteban. That night, the Count Jean de Satigny, who is visiting again, watches Blanca and Pedro meeting secretly at the lagoon. He reveals Blanca\'s lover to her father who immediately drags Blanca back to the house. Esteban promises to kill Pedro. When Clara tries to persuade him against violence, Esteban hits his wife and she falls. When Clara rises, she coldly tells him that she will never speak to him again. Clara moves with Blanca to her parents\' house in the capital. Now alone in Tres Marías, Esteban blames Pedro for everything, and offers a reward to anyone who will lead him to Pedro\'s hiding place. Esteban García  takes him to where Pedro is hiding and Esteban tries to kill him, but he is unsuccessful. When García asks for his reward, Esteban Trueba replies that traitors do not get rewards, and García walks away in anger. After Blanca discovers she is pregnant, Esteban tries to force a wedding between Count Jean de Satigny and Blanca, so as to not have any bastards in the family. He tries to convince his daughter by telling her that Pedro Tercero is dead. Blanca angrily refuses, but her mother eventually comforts her by telling her that Pedro is still alive. ;Revolution Some years later, Esteban is busy with his political career, but as an old man he is lonely and finds comfort in the arms of Tránsito, who has actually raised in her profession and is now in a position to pay back Esteban for some money that he lent her, but he prefers to collect the favor another time. He comes to Clara\'s house to apologize and asks her if he can stay with her and to show him his granddaughter Alba whom he has never seen before. Although he moves in with them, Clara still does not talk to him and he constantly keeps feuding with Blanca. While the family is celebrating Alba\'s birthday, Esteban García arrives at their home. Blanca does not recognize the man who abused her as a child. García tells Esteban Trueba that his mother is dead and asks to help him get into the military academy, reminding him of the reward he never received. Trueba writes him a cheque. During the national election, Esteban believes his Conservative Party will win as usual, but the People\'s Front ends up winning control of the government. While Esteban grieves, Blanca goes out on the street to celebrate and to meet Pedro. The two kiss and celebrate together for the rest of the night. A few days later, Pedro is able to meet his daughter Alba for the first time with her mother at an ice-cream parlour. Blanca and Pedro are able to meet regularly now, and things seem to be perfect. Their happiness, however, is short-lived. While Clara are setting up their Christmas tree, she feels she is leaving this world and decides to prepare for death. She gives Alba her notebooks and jewelry to give to Blanca. Kissing Alba goodbye, Clara dies. When Blanca and Esteban arrive home, Alba tells them of Clara\'s death, and the three of them hug and cry together. Meanwhile, a conspiracy between some Conservative Party members and the military leads to a coup d\'état, and the military takes control of the country. At first Esteban believes it is good for the country and that the military will hand power back to the Conservative Party, but he soon learns that the military have other plans. Under the control of the military, people associated with the People\'s Party are captured and even killed. Blanca is highly involved and eventually the police come to arrest her for being with Pedro Tercero. Blanca quiclky reveals to her father that Pedro has been hiding in their house\'s cellar and begs him to help Pedro get out of the country. In the coming days, Blanca is tortured and abused by her half-brother Esteban García, now an important member of the military. She nevertheless refuses to reveal Pedro\'s whereabouts. She is put in a cell where Clara\'s spirit appears to tell her not to wish for death. Meanwhile, Esteban honours his daughter\'s wishes and helps Pedro Tercero find exile in Canada. Esteban then tries to free his daughter from prison, turning to Tránsito, now and influential Madam with lots of connections, who helps free Blanca. One morning a beaten and dirty Blanca arrives at her home. Esteban is shocked to see his daughter in such a state and her wish for revenge against the military, and understands for the first time the consequences of his political actions. ;Epilogue Blanca and Esteban return to Tres Marías with Alba. Esteban is finally visited by Clara\'s spirit who has come to help the old man to the next world. Afterwards, Blanca sits outside and ponders her life, in which she gives up her attempt for revenge and now focuses on Pedro and her daughter Alba. She watches Alba playing in the front door with the leaves swirling in the wind.'] ['Michael Sullivan, Sr.  is an enforcer for Rock Island Irish mob boss John Rooney , during the Great Depression. Rooney raised the orphan Sullivan and loves him more than his own biological son, the unstable Connor . Connor snaps and kills disgruntled associate Finn McGovern when meeting him with Sullivan, resulting in Sullivan gunning down McGovern\'s men. Sullivan\'s twelve-year-old son Michael Sullivan Jr.  had hidden in his father\'s car and witnesses the event. Despite Sullivan swearing his son\'s secrecy and Rooney demanding Connor\'s apology for the reckless action, the nervous Connor suspects witnesses and acts. He murders Sullivan\'s wife Annie and younger son Peter, mistaking him for young Michael, while sending Sullivan to an ambush at a speakeasy. However Sullivan escapes to Chicago with his son to seek Al Capone, for work and for Connor\'s location, who is in hiding. Sullivan is rejected when asking Capone\'s associate Frank Nitti  and Rooney is aware of the meeting. He reluctantly allows Nitti to dispatch crime scene photographer and assassin Harlen Maguire , who likes to photograph his victims, to kill Sullivan. Maguire tracks him and Michael to a roadside diner, but fails to kill Sullivan, who realizes and cripples Maguire’s car tire before escaping. In response, Sullivan begins robbing banks that hold Capone and Rooney’s laundered money, hoping to trade it for Connor, while teaching Michael to drive as the getaway. He is impeded when the account money is withdrawn by the mob, so he visits Rooney\'s accountant Alexander Rance at his hotel for information. However, it is a set up as Rance stalls him until Maguire enters, but Michael warns his father with the car horn and Rance is killed in the ensuing crossfire. Maguire is injured when a bullet shatters glass on his face and Sullivan escapes with ledgers, but as he flees, Maguire shoots him in the arm. Michael drives his father to a farm where a childless elderly couple helps Sullivan to recover. Sullivan bonds with his son and discovers from the ledgers that Connor has been embezzling from his father for years, using the names of dead gang members. As the Sullivans depart, they give the couple much of the stolen money. Sullivan then confronts Rooney with the information while he attends Mass. While Rooney already knew about the embezzlement and that it must end with Connor\'s death, he refuses to be the one to give up his son. One night, cloaked by darkness and rain, Sullivan dispatches Rooney\'s entire entourage with his Thompson submachine gun and as he walks up to Rooney himself, Rooney mutters he is glad it is Sullivan, while an emotional Sullivan pulls the trigger, killing him. Seeing no further reason to protect Connor, Nitti reveals his location to Sullivan, making him promise that this will end. Sullivan goes to the hotel where Connor is hiding and kills him. Sullivan then drives Michael to stay at his Aunt Sara\'s beach house in Perdition, a town on the shore of Lake Michigan. However he is ambushed and shot by a disfigured Maguire. As Maguire prepares to photograph the dying Sullivan, Michael appears and points a gun but cannot bring himself to fire. Sullivan then draws a gun and kills Maguire, before dying in his son\'s arms. Mourning his father\'s death, Michael finds his way back to the elderly farm couple to live with them. He states growing up that his father\'s only fear was his son would be like him, and that if asked whether Sullivan was a good man, he would simply reply: "He was my father."'] ['The plot focuses on a prominent concert pianist, Charlotte Andergast , who has been neglectful and dismissive of her children, whom she has not seen in over seven years. Charlotte decides to make a visit to her eldest daughter, Eva  at her remote house, where she lives with her husband, Viktor . Upon arrival, Charlotte discovers that her other daughter, Helena , who is mentally and physically disabled  is living with and being taken care of by Eva. Wounded by the neglect and selfishness of her mother, Eva begins to spill all of the things she has ever wanted to say to Charlotte, and as the evening progresses, the tension culminates to a wave of harsh words and exposure of true feelings that change their mother–daughter relationship forever.'] ['The story revolves around a blind boy named Mohammed who is released from his special school in Tehran for summer vacation. His father, shamed and burdened by Mohammed\'s blindness, arrives late to pick him up and then tries to convince the headmaster to keep Mohammed over the summer. The headmaster refuses, so Mohammed\'s father eventually takes him home. Mohammed\'s father, who is a widower, now wants to marry a local girl and is preparing for the wedding. He approaches the girl\'s parents with gifts and they give him approval. He tries to hide the fact that he has a blind son because he fears the girl\'s family will see that as a bad omen. Meanwhile, Mohammed happily roams around the beautiful hills of his village with his sisters. He touches and feels the nature around him, counting the sounds of animals, and imitating them. He displays a unique attitude towards nature, and seems to understand its rhythms and textures as a language. Mohammed goes to the local school with his sisters and reads the lessons from his textbook in Braille, which amazes the children and the teacher. Fearing his bride-to-be\'s family will learn of Mohammed, his father takes him away and leaves him with a blind carpenter who agrees to make him an apprentice. The blind carpenter mentors the boy, who wants to see God. Mohammad says God doesn’t love him and thus made him blind and tells him how his teacher told him that since they are blind, God loves them more. He also tells him that God is everywhere and that you can feel God. The carpenter then just says that he agrees with his teacher and walks away, possibly affected by the boy\'s words, as he himself is blind. Mohammed\'s grandmother is heartbroken when she realizes that Hashem  has given him away to a blind carpenter and she falls ill. She leaves the family home but Hashem tries to convince her to stay back, questioning his destiny, wondering why he lost his father as a young boy, asking why God has taken away his wife and cursed him with a blind boy, and asking his mother what she did for him. Mohammed\'s grandmother faints on her way so Hashem carries her back home. Eventually Mohammed\'s grandmother dies. The bride\'s family sees this as a bad omen and the wedding is called off. His hopes destroyed, Mohammed’s father decides to bring him back. The film shows glimpses of shame and pity that Hashem felt for himself and his son all along. He goes to the blind carpenter and takes back Mohammed. He sets Mohammed on the family horse and begins leading it back to their village. On the way, they cross a small, wooden bridge which collapses, plunging the horse and Mohammed into the rushing water. For a moment his father stands still, debating whether to rescue his son or finally be free of this lifelong burden. Moments later he makes his decision and dashes into the river. He and Mohammed are carried away by the roaring water. As the film ends, Mohammed\'s father wakes up on the shore of the Caspian Sea and finds Mohammed lying motionless a short distance away. He takes the body and cries, but in the final moments of the story, the boy\'s fingers begin moving, in the way they would when he was "reading" nature. The hand glows in the light of dawn, a sign, perhaps, that Mohammed is now experiencing God and paradise. In the ending scene, you can hear the sound of a woodpecker. Mohammad is "reading" the sound with his fingers as if they are Brail dots. Maybe he thinks the woodpecker is giving clues about "the color of God".'] [' While the novel is told by a third-person narrator in strict chronological order, the film uses voice-over narration . The story is framed by the questioning of Mildred by police after they discover the body of her second husband, Monte Beragon. The film, in noir fashion, opens with Beragon  being shot. He murmurs the name "Mildred" as he collapses and dies. The police are led to believe that the murderer is restaurant owner Mildred Pierce\'s  first husband, Bert Pierce , who under interrogation confesses to the crime. She then relates her life story in flashback. We see housewife Mildred married to a newly unemployed Pierce. Bert at the time was a real estate partner of Wally Fay  who propositioned Mildred after learning that she and Bert were about to divorce. In the divorce, Mildred obtained custody of her two daughters: 16-year-old Veda , a bratty social climber and aspiring pianist, and 10-year-old Kay , a tomboy. Mildred\'s principal goal is to provide for eldest daughter Veda, who longs for possessions the family cannot afford. Mildred needs a job and the best she can find is as a waitress – a fact she hides from Veda. One day, Veda gives their maid, Lottie , Mildred\'s waitress uniform, thinking nothing of it, until Mildred admits her employment as a waitress, infuriating Veda, who thinks it lowly. Kay contracts pneumonia and dies; to bury her grief, Mildred throws herself into opening a new restaurant on the coast . With the help of her new friend and former supervisor, Ida , Mildred\'s new restaurant is a success. Wally Fay helps Mildred buy the property, and then it expands into a chain of "Mildred\'s" throughout Southern California. Mildred continues to smother Veda in affection and worldly goods, but Veda is nonetheless appalled by Mildred\'s common background and choice of profession while becoming more preoccupied with materialistic possessions. Mildred goes as far as entering into a loveless marriage with the formerly wealthy Monte Beragon in order to improve her social standing to gain her daughter\'s approval. Beragon lives the life of a playboy supported financially by Mildred, much to Mildred\'s dismay and potential ruin. Mildred ends up losing the business thanks to Monte\'s manipulation and Veda\'s greed. When Veda takes up with the scheming Monte, a showdown ensues at the beach house where the film began. We discover what really happened: that Veda, furious over Monte\'s unwillingness to marry her, is the one who shoots him. Mildred can cover for her daughter no more, and Veda is led off to jail. As Mildred leaves the police station, Bert is waiting for her.'] ['Two brothers, Ellis  and Carter , embark on a journey from New Mexico to find their estranged father in the hopes of saving Ellis, who has been diagnosed with terminal leukemia. Along the way while in Texas, they meet Krystal , an aspiring singer, who flees from her controlling husband, Frank , to join them on their journey.Official release plot'] ['The story centers on around the mysterious death of repeat drunk driving offender Kevin Thacker and the discovery of his body in an alley behind the Marshalltown, Iowa, police department after his latest DUI arrest.'] ['Carnegie Mellon English Professor Lawrence Wetherhold  is a middle-aged widower. He is bitter and arrogant at work, uninterested in his students, and alienated from his two children. His adopted ne\'er-do-well brother, Chuck , arrives to borrow money and stays for a while as he tries to unwind Lawrence\'s lonely, overachieving teenage daughter, Vanessa Wetherhold . Meanwhile, Lawrence suffers a trauma-induced seizure after falling from the top of a fence in an attempt to retrieve his briefcase from inside his impounded car. In the emergency room, he is treated by Dr. Janet Hartigan , a former student he does not remember. Janet tells Lawrence that because of his seizure, he is not allowed to drive for six months. When he returns home from the hospital, Chuck is still there, and he offers to drive for him in return for letting him move in. Lawrence goes to the hospital for a follow-up, where another doctor tells him Janet had been his student. He meets Janet again outside the hospital as he is leaving and, since Chuck has failed to show up, she offers to take him home. When they arrive, he asks Janet to join him for a "face-to-face conversation." She agrees, fulfilling her old student crush on the professor. Vanessa is not pleased, confronting Janet about Lawrence\'s fragility. At dinner, Lawrence monopolizes the conversation and Janet walks out. Lawrence fakes a visit to the emergency room to see Janet again and the two reconcile for a second date. They get back to Janet\'s place where they have sex, but while spending the night, Janet is turned off by Lawrence\'s neediness and worries that he is, in fact, still too distraught by his wife\'s death. To get rid of him, she feigns being called in by the hospital and does not return any of his subsequent calls. On another night, in the midst of a contentious family Christmas dinner at the Wetherholds\', Janet arrives unannounced with a cake. After Chuck gets Vanessa drunk to celebrate her early acceptance into Stanford University, she makes a pass at him, which he rejects. He then moves in part-time with Lawrence\'s son, James , in his college dormitory. James\' girlfriend, Missy , who is one of his father\'s students, tells Lawrence that James has had a poem accepted by The New Yorker. In contrast, Lawrence\'s latest academic tome has been universally rejected. After Vanessa suggests a new title, You Can\'t Read!, the book is sold to Penguin Group, a large non-academic publisher in New York. To Lawrence\'s dismay, however, the book is largely re-worked and edited by the publisher and only vaguely resembles his original work. Janet accompanies Lawrence on a trip to New York to meet with the publisher, where she learns she is pregnant with his child. Finding him preoccupied by his book\'s publishing and an on-going campaign to become chairman of the English Department, Janet is again upset by Lawrence\'s self-absorption and breaks up with him without telling him the news. Back in Pittsburgh, Lawrence is confronted by both James and Chuck, who both point to his apparent lack of interest in his children\'s lives. Encouraged by Chuck, Lawrence goes to the hospital to reconcile with Janet, who reveals her pregnancy. He has meanwhile dropped his bid to become department head and has become a more involved parent and professor. During the end credits, Lawrence and Janet cradle twin babies: one boy and one girl.'] [' Young VeraHer age isn\'t stated in the film, but she has finished school and her father repeatedly asks her if she has received her college acceptance yet. lives with her mother and her alcoholic father, Kolya, who are becoming increasingly dissatisfied with her choice of friends and what they consider her decadent lifestyle. They wonder why she can’t be more like her brother Victor, a doctor living in Moscow. At an underground dance party that is broken up by police, she meets Sergei, and they immediately fall in love. It turns out Sergei is an old friend of Victor, who, in town for a visit, calls on his friend only to find him alone with his sister. Vera and Sergei decide to marry, but her parents object. Vera convinces them to accept the planned marriage by falsely telling her mother she is pregnant. Sergei’s first meeting with her parents is disastrous, and he leaves with Vera without finishing dinner, but he soon comes to live with them. The tension between Sergei and Kolya increases and comes to a climax on Kolya’s birthday. Fed up with the drunken Kolya, Sergei locks him in the bathroom, where he breaks the basin. When he is let out of the bathroom, he stabs Sergei in the side with a knife, the wound requiring a long convalescence in the hospital. Vera’s mother tries to convince her to tell the authorities that Sergei accidentally caused the wound to himself, to avoid Kolya being sent to prison. Victor, visiting from Moscow, prescribes tranquilizers to calm the despondent Vera. The family goes to the beach for a picnic, ostensibly to help take Vera’s mind off the situation. Vera believes, however, that it is a ruse to persuade her to lie about the stabbing. A storm suddenly comes up, and as the family prepares to leave, Vera is nowhere to be found. Kolya searches for her and the two are seen embracing on the beach. Vera testifies that her father was not to blame for what happened to Sergei. She visits him in the hospital and explains that the family needed Kolya to survive. Sergei now seems disinterested in her, and tells her to go away. Back in her apartment, she finds herself alone and starts drinking and taking the pills. Victor arrives and rescues her. Sergei escapes from the hospital and soon arrives on the scene. When Vera asked Sergei why he came back, he replies, "Because I was scared". As the film ends, Vera asks Sergei if he loves her. A subplot involves Andrey, a former classmate of Vera, who is infatuated with her and wants her to marry him. At the beginning of the film, Andrey is about to leave for naval training and attempts to persuade Vera to come home with him, but she spurns his advances. Later, she meets him on her way home from the hospital after visiting Sergei. He explains that he is on leave for only one day and again tries to arrange a tryst, only to have Vera resort to physical violence to fend him off when he attempts to force himself on her.'] ["Sam Carraclough, a miner who struggles to earn enough money to feed his family, sells the family's collie, Lassie, to the Duke of Rudling, leaving his young son heartbroken over the loss of his canine companion. The film follows Lassie on the collie's 500-mile journey from the Duke of Rudling's estate in the Scottish Highlands to the Carraclough home. At the very beginning of the film, a fox is shown being driven by some hunting dogs and somehow escapes by one kindhearted miner, Sam Carraclough. At this phase Lassie is introduced. Lassie is the dog and dear of little boy, Joe, the son of Sam. Once coal-mine is closed down and Sam loses his job. To survive from poverty, Sam sells Lassie to the Duke. But absence and loss of Lassie breaks Joe's heart. Even Lassie is eager to return back to Joe. Lassie uses many tricks to escape from the hand of Hynes who's employed to take care of Duke's pet dogs. Several times Lassie can escape from the cage and get back to Joe. But remembering the deal with Duke, Sam has to sacrifice Lassie to the Duke. In the meantime the Duke comes to Scotland with his daughter and Lassie. Little Princess can understand Lassie's laments and once she helps Lassie escape. This time Lassie, in spite of being a long away, far from her old shelter, sets in to return back to Joe. Lassie finds a man along with a tiny dog named Toots travelling, on her way. She befriends them. One day the traveler faces two snatchers, one of whom kills his companion Toots, the tiny dog. But Lassie saves the traveler. Then the traveler lets Lassie go to her home and bids her farewell. Lassie, after travelling almost 400 miles, eventually finds her home when she becomes weary and sick for long travel and fasting. After some trouble, Joe gets back his companion Lassie and the Duke employs Sam into the vacant place of Hyne."] ["Sam Tucker is a cotton picker in Texas who decides to start his own farm. He and wife Nona and children Jot and Daisy set out with nothing but two mules and a bit of seed. The land they lease has no working well, so neighbor Devers reluctantly lets the Tuckers share his water supply. They nearly starve and freeze during a hard winter. Come spring, the child Jot falls ill and desperately needs vegetables and milk to survive, but general store owner Harmie refuses the Tuckers credit. Sam's friend Tim offers to help find him a city job in a factory. Sam remains determined to make the farm work, and Harmie answers the family's prayers with the gift of a cow. Cotton blooms and a vegetable garden is planted. The bitter Devers and his man Finley conspire to ruin the Tuckers, though, because Devers wants their land. After a fight, Devers comes armed with a gun, only to find Sam about to catch a catfish that Devers has been after for years. In return for the fish, he agrees to leave Sam's family alone. Harmie ends up marrying Sam's mother and life seems fruitful at last, only to have a terrible thunderstorm ravage the Tuckers' home. They must start over once more."] ['In 1843, Ebenezer Scrooge , a bitter and miserly old moneylender at a London counting house holds everything that embodies the joys and spirit of Christmas in contempt. He refuses to visit his cheerful nephew, Fred , at his Christmas dinner party with his family, and forces his underpaid employee Bob Cratchit  to beg to take the day off for his own family. That night, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of his former business partner Jacob Marley  who had died seven years prior on Christmas Eve and is now forced to spend his afterlife carrying heavy chains that were forged from his own greedy ways. Marley warns Scrooge that he will suffer an even worse fate if he does not repent and foretells that he will be haunted by three spirits that will help guide him. The first spirit is the Ghost of Christmas Past , which shows Scrooge visions of his own past that take place on or around the Christmas season, reminding Scrooge of how he ended up the avaricious man he is now. Scrooge had spent much of his childhood neglected by his father over the holidays at boarding school until he was finally brought home by his loving sister Fan , who died prematurely after giving birth to his nephew, Fred. Scrooge later began a successful career in business and money lending, and became engaged to a woman named Belle , though she later called off the engagement when he began to grow obsessed with accumulating his own wealth. Unable to bear having to witness these events again, Scrooge extinguishes the spirit with its candle snuffer cap. The second spirit is the Ghost of Christmas Present , which shows Scrooge the happiness of his fellow men on Christmas Day. Among them are his nephew, Fred, who playfully makes jokes with his family at Scrooge\'s expense, and Bob Cratchit and his family, who are just barely able to make do with what little pay Scrooge gives Cratchit. Scrooge is touched by the Cratchits\' sickly young son Tiny Tim  and his commitment to the spirit of Christmas, and is dismayed to learn from the spirit that Tim may not have much longer to live. Before dying, the spirit warns Scrooge about the evils of "Ignorance" and "Want," which manifest themselves before Scrooge as two wretched children who grow into violent, insane individuals. The third and final spirit is the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come , which toys with Scrooge by chasing him through the streets of London on a carriage before showing him the final consequences of his greed. Scrooge sees in this future that he has died: Fred and his wife are elated to inherit Scrooge\'s wealth, Scrooge\'s charwoman Mrs. Dilber  is shown to have robbed him and gave his clothes to a fence named Old Joe , and the men who attended his funeral had only gone for a free lunch. Tiny Tim is also shown to have died, leaving Bob Cratchit and his family to mourn him on Christmas. Horrified, Scrooge asks the spirit whether the images he has seen are sure to happen or can be changed. To little response, the spirit reveals Scrooge\'s own grave, showing his own date of death as December 25 of a forthcoming year, and forces Scrooge to fall into his empty coffin sitting in an deep grave, just above the fires of Hell. Ebeneezer Scrooge suddenly awakens on Christmas Day to find that all three spirits have visited him in a dream over the course of one night. He then asks a kid on the street what day it is and learns that it is Christmas. Ebeneezer Scrooge gives the kid some money to give to the butcher and have a turkey delivered to the Cratchits. Ebeneezer Scrooge also attends his nephew\'s dinner coming in during charades. When Bob Cratchit comes to work, Ebeneezer grants him the day off after he has him deliver the money to the bank. As he steps out, Bob Cratchit tells the viewers that Ebeneezer Scrooge has become a kinder person and a second father to Tiny Tim. As it shows Ebeneezer Scrooge carrying Tiny Tim on his shoulders down the streets, Tiny quotes "God bless us, everyone."'] ['{{plot}} The film begins with Serafina Delle Rose  proudly praising her husband Rosario  to her female neighbours in a shopping market, before revealing that she is pregnant with their second child. When she goes home with her shopping she finds Rosario asleep in bed and whispers to him that she is with child. Emerging from his room she finds a young woman named Estelle  at the door who wants her to make a shirt for her lover from some expensive silk material she has bought. It transpires that Rosario is her lover as, when Serafina is out of the room, she steals a photograph of him from Serafina\'s sideboard before departing. Later that night Rosario is out working  and Serafina is busy working on the shirt for her customer. The women of the neighbourhood discover that Rosario has been killed in a road accident whilst trying to speed away from the police; it transpires that he was smuggling something illegal. When Serafina discovers her beloved husband\'s demise she collapses, and later the local doctor informs her daughter Rosa  and the women of the neighbourhood that Serafina has miscarried. Three years later Serafina is a recluse, having withdrawn from the world. She has allowed her appearance to deteriorate. That particular day is the day of the high school graduation and the women of the neighbourhood are impatiently banging on her front door for their daughters\' graduation dresses. Rosa is also begging for her graduation dress from her mother, but Serafina has locked them—along with the rest of Rosa\'s clothes—away. As all the girls are late for school, Rosa\'s teacher turns up in the neighbourhood demanding to know what is keeping them. She goes to the Delle Rose household and eventually makes Serafina see sense and she hands all the girls their dresses. After much thought Serafina decides to attend her daughter\'s graduation and, comically, tries to get ready. During this time two women arrive asking if Serafina can quickly mend their bandanas for a festival they are going to. Serafina reluctantly does so, but is appalled by their talk of men and reprimands them however. However one of the women, Bessie , takes offence and decides to inform Serafina that her late husband was no saint; quite the contrary he was having an affair. Serafina does not go to the graduation ceremony after this revelation, but instead sits alone in the dark until Rosa comes home. She is infuriated when Rosa introduces her to her new boyfriend Jack Hunter  and insists that she will never see him again. Rosa then runs away with Jack in disgust at her mother\'s actions, before a van driver named Alvaro  turns up asking for lodgings. A reluctant Serafina allows him to stay for the night and the two proceed to get drunk. As Alvaro flatters Serafina with compliments she begins to talk of her late husband, mentioning that he used to have a rose tattooed on his chest. Later that night Alvaro returns, having got a rose tattooed on his chest. Serafina is disgusted and goes to throw him out, stating that he is dishonouring Rosario\'s memory. Seeing the look of discomfort on his face at the mention of her late husband\'s name, Serafina goes to question him if he knew Rosario or not. Alvaro is uncomfortable, and Serafina goes on to ask him if he was unfaithful to her. When he does not respond she throws him out. Serafina visits Father De Leo and asks if anyone had confessed about having an affair with Rosario. The priest insists that he cannot divulge this, but the look on his face says it all and she persists. She is thrown out of the chapel, and is mocked by her female neighbours. Depressed, Serafina meets Alvaro and insists that he drive her to a club her husband used to attend. Once there she meets Estelle who asked her to make a silk shirt for her lover and guesses correctly that she was having an affair with him. Estelle confesses that she was having an affair with Rosario before proceeding to show Serafina the rose tattooed on her chest as a symbol of her love for Rosario. Returning home she smashes Rosario\'s urn containing his ashes and gives Alvaro the silk shirt that the woman had wanted made for Rosario, before inviting him to spend the night. Alvaro turns up hours later at the Delle Rose household intoxicated and, mortified by her actions, Serafina leaves him in a drunken stupor and retires to bed. That night Rosa returns home and falls asleep on the sofa. As Alvaro awakes from his drunken stupor he sees Serafina\'s beautiful daughter lying there asleep and moves over to kiss her. As he does Rosa wakes up and screams, before confronting her mother as to why there is a strange man in the house. Serafina gets rid of him, but the following morning she finds him on top of a telephone pole outside her house begging for her forgiveness. Serafina and Rosa are extremely embarrassed and Serafina refuses to leave the house in order to make him come down, much to Rosa\'s frustration. At that moment Jack arrives and asks Serafina if he can marry Rosa. Serafina is stunned, but seeing that this is what Rosa wants she gives them her consent and they leave to be married. Serafina then calls Alvaro down from the telephone pole before declaring in front of her neighbours that they have to pick up from where they left off the night before. As they enter the house Serafina puts on the radio whilst Alvaro pours them a drink and they laugh together. Much of the film was shot on location in Key West, Florida, although the setting is not specifically mentioned in the film. The house featured in the film stands to this day and is known, appropriately, as the "Rose Tattoo House". The premier of the movie was held at the Hotel Astor, New York on December 2, 1955, with the attendance of Arthur Miller, Marlon Brando, Marilyn Monroe and Jayne Mansfield among other celebrities.'] ["The Polonski brothers, Abe, Ben and Josh, work together in their family's fabric store on the lower east side of Manhattan. Like any other Jewish family they go to their mother's to spend the Sabbath together. But one day, Josh is shot to death in the middle of the street in front of Abe's eyes.. For Ben the tragic situation has an explanation - the nightlife of Josh - but Abe wants to understand what happened. Following the path of his brother, he walks in the same foosteps, finding more and more of himself."] ['Justin Cobb  is a shy 17-year-old in a family of four in suburban Oregon. He has a persistent thumb-sucking habit his father  disapproves of, which has led to major orthodontic repair. He addresses his parents by their first names, Mike and Audrey, so as not to make his father feel old. Audrey , a registered nurse, is idly fascinated by actor Matt Schramm , entering a contest to win a date with him. She insists it is "innocent fun", but is inordinately concerned with looking attractive for the contest. Justin struggles on his school\'s debate team, led by Mr. Geary , which he joined to get closer to his environmentalist classmate Rebecca . He tries to start a relationship with her, but she rejects him after he cannot open up to her about his thumb-sucking habit. At a regular checkup, Justin\'s orthodontist, Perry Lyman , indicates he can tell that Justin is still sucking his thumb, and attempts hypnosis, coaching Justin to find his power animal  and suggesting that his thumb will taste like echinacea. This works, and Justin finds his thumb distasteful, but falls deeper into frustration without the crutch. After Justin conspires with his brother to disrupt Dr. Lyman in a bicycle race with Justin\'s father, his school counselor prods the Cobbs to give him Ritalin. While his parents wring their hands over the idea, Justin insists that he needs the help. Almost immediately after beginning treatment, Justin begins to have elevated energy, confidence and focus. He begins to excel on the debate team, unseating Rebecca from the star position; she quits the team and drifts into the stoners crowd. Justin\'s newfound aggressiveness nets the debate team repeated awards. Simultaneously, he begins to challenge the neuroses of the adults around him, especially their struggles with aging. With a somewhat deceitful cover letter, he applies to NYU, in spite of his mother\'s urging that he go to college closer to home. After rambling incoherently at the state debate championship, Justin quits the debate team, throws away the pills, and seeks out Rebecca to hook him up with pot. During their smoking sessions, Rebecca blindfolds him and engages with him in kissing and other sexual activity, which Justin interprets as a relationship. But when he broaches the subject, Rebecca tells him otherwise, calling their meetings an "experiment." He quits both her and the drugs. Both Justin and his father suspect that Audrey is having an affair with Schramm after she is transferred to a celebrity rehab facility where Schramm has been committed. Attempting to catch his mother in the act, he instead meets Schramm sneaking a smoke in the bushes, and learns the unromantic truth. The next day, he receives an acceptance letter from NYU. During a final checkup, Dr. Lyman reveals to Justin his discovery that thumb-sucking is not a medically debilitating problem, and says that everyone has their own flaws and nobody has all the answers&mdash;that in fact learning to live without having the answers is  the answer. On his flight to New York, Justin dreams of reaching his goal of being a TV anchor, "sharing the truth with the world". He wakes up after sleeptalking to find his thumb in his mouth and an attractive girl smiling at him. Slightly embarrassed but self-confident, he introduces himself.'] ["An aged father known to everyone as Old Liu  and his younger, mentally challenged son Liu Erming  run and live in a traditional bathhouse for men in an old district in Beijing. The bathhouse provides a variety of peripheral services, including haircut, massage, shaving, fire cupping, even old-style pedicure, to a motley group of regular customers, many of whom are retired old Beijingers. The patrons usually spend their entire day, day after day, in the bathhouse, engaging in a game of Chinese chess or cricket fighting. As such, they have formed close bonds not only with one another, but also with Old Liu, who is manager, staff, mediator in squabbles, and marriage consultant all in one. One of the patrons is a man who sings 'O Sole Mio in the shower, but when he goes to sing it in public he loses his nerve, until Erming provides him with a shower from a hose. Another patron is Mr. Zhang, whose marriage has been in trouble ever since his wife ran after a thief while naked, and Old Liu arranges a reconciliation by having the man find his wife in the bath. After the bathhouse closes in the evening, Old Liu and Erming go for their daily jog around the neighbourhood, after which they engage in a contest to hold their breath in water as they bathe. Even simple tasks such as cleaning up the bathhouse are tremendous fun for the duo, both of whom behave like little children at these times. One day, Old Liu's elder son Liu Daming , who left many years ago to seek fortunes in the southern city of Shenzhen, abruptly returns home. Now a successful businessman, Daming had received a postcard from Erming with a drawing of their father lying in bed. Thinking that his father has died, Daming rushed home, only to find it a misunderstanding. However, the father-son ties between Old Liu and Daming appear to be strained, and Daming plans to return to Shenzhen three days later. When Erming accompanies Daming downtown to reserve a plane ticket, Erming mindlessly wanders off from the area and is nowhere to be seen. After a futile search, Daming returns home to his distressed father, who lashes out at him for not being able to take care of his younger brother. Old Liu laments that having already lost one son , he cannot afford to lose the other. The next morning, however, Erming is able to find his own way home, to the relief of everyone. Having already postponed his flight, Daming decides to stay one more night. It rains heavily overnight. While up on the roof fixing leaks, Old Liu catches a cold and falls sick the next morning. Daming volunteers to take over the work in the bathhouse, delaying his return once more. In the next few days, Daming stays on to help in the bathhouse. He even joins in the daily evening jog with his father and Erming. One evening, after coming back from jogging, Old Liu passes away peacefully whilst bathing in the bathtub. Erming refuses to accept the reality of his father's death and insists on opening the bathhouse every day at the usual time. In the meantime, Daming is planning to bring Erming back to Shenzhen to live with him, but he is worried about his wife's reaction regarding the mentally challenged Erming. He decides to leave Erming in a mental hospital for a couple of weeks whilst he goes back to Shenzhen to make preparations. This is not received well by Erming, however, as he struggles to cope at the mental hospital after fighting with the hospital attendants. In response to the situation, Daming decides to bring Erming back to the bathhouse again and temporarily resume operations. Meanwhile, the entire district is due to be demolished to make way for commercial development. As removalists begin to move old furniture out of the bathhouse, Erming furiously attempts to stop the removalists from moving out the furniture in an attempt to keep the bathhouse. Eventually, he is convinced by Daming to accept the reality of the situation. The film concludes with a group of old customers gathering in the bathhouse for the last time, removing old paintings and portraits from the walls. Simultaneously, Erming begins nostalgically singing the tune of O Sole Mio as a final farewell to the bathhouse."] ["Reena is a young Indian American lesbian who lives and works in New York. Her sister Sarita, who is happily married, discovers that she is infertile. Reena offers to be a surrogate mother for her sister's baby, hoping to improve her relationship with their mother, who disapproves of Reena's sexual orientation. Sarita and her husband accept Reena's offer but Sarita begins to have second thoughts. After Reena becomes pregnant, her relationship with her girlfriend Lisa suffers. When the baby is born, Reena and Lisa are reunited, as are Reena's family.{{cite book}}"] [' * China Zorrilla ... Mamá * Eduardo Blanco ... Jaime * Ulises Dumont ... Gregorio * Silvina Bosco ... Dorita * Floria Bloise ... Lucrecia * Nicolás Condito ... Chico * Tito Mendoza ... Enfermero  * Pascual Condito .... producer * Luisa Matienzo .... producer * Santiago Carlos Oves.... producer * Carlos Piwowarski .... associate producer * Jorge Piwowarski .... associate producer * Mónica Roza .... executive producer/producer'] ["When high school music teacher Michael McCann discovers his wife is pregnant by another man, the couple divorce and Michael retreats into a life of solitude as a maker of finely crafted furniture in rural Virginia. Five years later, his only companion is a valuable collection of gold coins. But his heart is about to be hurt again when Danny Newland, the unsavory younger brother of politician John Newland, crashes his brother's car outside the woods surrounding Michael's house. Desperate to recoup the loss of the car, Danny steals Michael's coins while he is sleeping, takes off into the night and is never seen again. In a winter storm, Michael is startled to discover a toddler has wandered into his home while he was outside gathering wood. A short distance away he discovers the body of her mother, a heroin addict whose car had run out of gas nearby. Unbeknownst to him, the child is the illegitimate daughter of John Newland, who participates in the investigation but keeps his relationship to the little girl a secret in order to protect his career. Michael is permitted to adopt the child and christens her Mathilda. She proves to be a bit of a handful in her early years, but with the help of friend and local shopkeeper April Simon, Michael manages to raise her to be a bright, personable, precocious young lady, and the once sour, lonely man is transformed by her presence. As John Newland watches his daughter grow older, he begins to invite her to join him and wife Nancy in their home. John arranges for her to learn to ride a horse, eventually giving her one of her own. Due to Nancy's two miscarriages and the couple's deep desire to have a child, Nancy insists on adoption. John finally reveals Mathilda's true identity and his desire to adopt her properly. Nancy encourages him to gain custody of the girl, and a trial ensues. Although the lawyer tries to manipulate the court and Mathilda herself to see that the Newlands are the better parents, Mathilda herself still refuses and honestly prefers Michael. The judge is inclined to side with the Newlands, given their wealth and ability to provide Mathilda with advantages she never would have with Michael. Then the remains of Danny Newland - surrounded by the gold coins he had stolen from Michael - are found at the bottom of a quarry his brother was draining to create a lake surrounded by prime real estate he planned to sell for a tidy profit. Michael's sudden return to wealth  turns the tide in his favor, and it is decided Mathilda will remain with him. The film ends with Mathilda visiting her late mother's grave, which, due to John never saying her name to hide his own political status, was placed in a cemetery for unclaimed bodies."] ['In 1965, Glenn Holland  is a talented musician and composer who has been relatively successful in the exhausting life of a professional musical performer. However, in an attempt to enjoy more free time with his young wife, Iris , and to enable him to compose a piece of orchestral music, the 30-year-old Holland accepts a teaching position. Unfortunately for Glenn, he is soon forced to realize that his position as a music teacher makes him a marginalized figure in the faculty\'s hierarchy. For instance, he comes face to face with how seriously he is outranked by the high school\'s football coach, Bill , who ultimately becomes his best friend. Administrators, such as assistant principal Gene Wolters , dislike him, while others, including principal Helen Jacobs , push him relentlessly. It is Ms. Jacobs\' scolding that helps Glenn turn a corner. He entered the teaching profession with a view toward a temporary "gig," running to his car at the end of the day faster than his students could run to theirs. Reluctantly, he begins to see his students as individuals and finds ways to help them excel. The film marks the passing decades with newsreels about Vietnam—corresponding to the tragic combat death of one young man that Holland guided through a stint as marching-band drummer—and the death of John Lennon in 1980. The passage of time and the mysteries of personal growth are a constant underlying theme in this film. Glenn\'s lack of quality time with Iris becomes problematic when their son, Cole, is diagnosed as deaf. Glenn reacts with hostility to the news that he can never teach the joys of music to his own child. Iris willingly learns American Sign Language to communicate with her son, but Glenn resists. This causes further estrangement within the family. Through three decades, Glenn is closer to students at John F. Kennedy High School than he is to his own son. At one point in the film, he is briefly tempted by the shining talent of a young female student, who invites him to leave his stressful, unsatisfying life and run off to New York. He addresses a series of challenges created by people who are either skeptical of—or hostile towards—the idea of musical excellence within the walls of a typical middle-class American high school. He inspires many students, but never has private time for himself or his family, forever delaying the composition of his own orchestral composition. Ultimately, he reaches an age when it is too late to realistically find financial backing or ever have it performed. In 1995, the adversaries of the Kennedy High music program win a decisive institutional victory. Glenn\'s longtime adversary Gene Wolters, promoted to school principal when Jacobs retired, works with the school board to eliminate music  in the name of necessary budget cuts, thereby leading to Glenn\'s ignominious dismissal at the age of 60. Glenn is a realist who realizes that his working life is over. He believes that his former students have mostly forgotten him. On his final day as a teacher, the despairing Glenn is led to the school auditorium, where his professional life is surprisingly redeemed. Hearing that their beloved teacher is leaving, hundreds of his pupils have secretly returned to the school to celebrate his life. Glenn\'s orchestral piece, never before heard in public, has been put before the musicians by his wife and son. One of his most musically challenged students, Gertrude Lang , who has become governor of the state, sits-in with her clarinet. Gertrude and the other alumni ask the retiring teacher to serve as their conductor for the premiere performance of Mr. Holland\'s Opus . A proud Iris and Cole look on, appreciating the affection and respect that Glenn receives.'] ['Oso  is sent to prison for a robbery and a murder. After seven years, he is released from prison, and in a flashback, the robbery is seen that led to his arrest. His daughter, Alicia , was a year old on the day of the robbery. As a consequence, Alicia never got a chance to get to know her father. Oso returns to his hometown, a depressed suburb of Buenos Aires, fully aware that his wife, Natalia , is living with another man, Sergio . Oso is determined to establish a relationship with Alicia, and to collect money owed him by a sleazy crime boss known as the Turk . In the meantime, the Turk wants Oso to be the getaway driver on one last big job. For her part, Alicia seems fascinated with her father and makes him promise never to go away again.'] ["Sally Goodson has always tried to do what is best for her autistic son David, always blaming herself for the way David is. Sally lives alone with David in a New York apartment and is often visited by her sister Bea , who tries to help Sally turn her life around by getting out a little more and giving David some space, but Sally rarely lets him out of her sight. In the end, it caused her husband Philip  to have an affair, leave her and re-marry, and her daughter Susan to go to live with him, as they were tired of watching Sally being too over-protective with David. Sally, having enough to cope with in her life, is visited by a social worker, Gladys Johnson , who informs her that David must go into a care home, but Sally refuses to send him to a home because of the way he was treated as a child in his previous care home. Gladys then gives her some time with David before she has to make arrangements. Bea manages to talk Sally round and sets her up on a date with wallpaper salesman John Nils ; they begin to see each other, he even teaches David to work a VCR, something Sally thought he could never do. Things go well until Sally makes plans to move when she is forced to give up David to a care home; her plans cause an argument between her and John, as she didn't tell him of the move. Sally is finally forced to give up David as he is permanently taken in by the care home."] ['One week before her vaginoplasty, Sabrina \'Bree\' Osbourne  receives a phone call from Toby Wilkins , a 17-year-old jailed in New York City. He asks for Stanley Schupak , claiming to be his son. Bree was previously unaware she had a son; she now wants to break with her past and renounce him. However, Bree\'s therapist  refuses permission for her operation if she does not face up to her past. Bree flies from Los Angeles to New York to bail Toby out of jail. Toby is a small-time drug user and male hustler. His mother committed suicide, after which he was raised by his stepfather, whom he does not want to see again. Bree pretends to be a Christian missionary and persuades Toby to ride with her back to the West Coast, secretly planning to leave him at his stepfather\'s along the way. When they arrive in the fictional town of Callicoon, Kentucky{{cite web}} it turns out that Toby\'s stepfather molested him as a child, and so this plan fails. Toby and Bree continue to Los Angeles together. They also stop by a house where a group of transsexuals are hosting a gender pride gathering. During the trip when Bree has to urinate, Toby accidentally discovers that Bree is transsexual. He is open-minded about it, but is angry that Bree had not told him. After their car and money are stolen by a "peyote shaman" hitchhiker , Toby makes some money by prostituting himself to a truck driver. To Bree he pretends that he got the money from selling some drugs he had taken along for his own use. They get a ride with a kindly rancher Calvin Many Goats ([[Graham Greene  to Bree\'s parents\' house in Phoenix, Arizona. Here they find her conservative and self-centred mother Elizabeth , her Jewish father Murray , and her rebellious and sarcastic sister Sydney . Elizabeth disapproves of Bree\'s transsexuality , but is excited to find out she has a grandson. She is kind to Toby and invites him to stay and live with them. Toby likes the luxury and kindness, but hesitates because he doesn\'t like how disrespectful they are to Bree. Realizing he has feelings for Bree, he proposes to have sex with her, saying that he will marry her if she wants. Bree realizes she must tell Toby the truth, that she was his real father. Toby is angry that Bree had not disclosed this earlier. Overnight he steals money from the house and disappears. Bree returns to L.A. She has a completely successful surgery, but isn\'t happy because she feels she messed up with Toby. The therapist visits her in recovery and Bree cries on her shoulder. Some months later Toby has bleached his hair and become an actor in gay pornography films in L.A. Bree is vibrant, happy, and enjoying her job as a waitress at the restaurant where she was formerly washing-up. The film ends with Toby showing up at Bree\'s door, and the two reconciled.'] ['Written by series creator David Jacobs, the movie chronicles the exploits of John Ross "Jock" Ewing , Eleanor "Miss Ellie" Southworth Ewing , and Willard "Digger" Barnes  from the 1933 to the early 1950s, and firmly established the background story of TV\'s Dallas with the long and ongoing feud between Jock and Digger. Larry Hagman appears in the opening sequence as his character J.R. Ewing, being interviewed by a reporter who is researching the Barnes – Ewing feud. While focusing on the triangle of Jock – Ellie – Digger, the movie also features Jock\'s brother Jason ([[David Wilson  and Ellie\'s father Aaron  as starring characters. It shows the origin of Ewing Oil, and Jock\'s schemings to make it big, and it deals with the inter-family relations of the Ewings, the Barneses, and the Southworths; also showing Jock\'s first marriage to Amanda Lewis, and Ellie\'s relation with her brother Garrison and mother Barbara.'] ['Lizzie Morrison  and nine-year-old deaf son Frankie  frequently relocate to keep one step ahead of her abusive ex-husband and his family. They are accompanied by her opinionated, chain-smoking mother Nell. Newly relocated in the Scottish town of Greenock, Lizzie accepts a job at the local fish and chips shop owned by a friendly woman named Marie, and enrolls Frankie in school. Through a Glasgow post office box, Frankie maintains a regular correspondence with someone he believes to be his father, Davey, who allegedly is a merchant seaman working on the HMS Accra. In reality, the letters he receives are written by his mother, who prefers maintaining this charade to telling her son the reason she fled her marriage. When the Accra docks at Greenock port, Lizzie in a panic concocts a scheme to hire a man to impersonate Davey, the abusive father. When her effort to find someone at the local pub fails, she enlists Marie\'s assistance. Marie arranges for her to meet an acquaintance who coincidentally is passing through town at the same time the Accra will be in port. When Lizzie and the stranger  meet, he doesn\'t tell her his name. He agrees to spend a day with Frankie in exchange for the meager payment Lizzie can offer him. When the stranger arrives at their home to pick up the boy, he brings him a book about marine life, one of Frankie\'s passions, and a bond is forged immediately. The two spend a day collecting on Frankie\'s bet at a soccer match from a school mate, ordering chips, and later in the evening setting up another half day visit. The second day is magical, with a wonderful stay at a dance, a walk to get around the "no past" ground rules, and the truth about Frankie\'s deafness—a "gift from his daddy." Lizzie relates that she left her husband and has been hiding and writing the letters to Frankie. The stranger says she is a great mom for protecting Frankie. They kiss goodbye. After the stranger leaves, she discovers he has returned her payments. Lizzie reluctantly visits the hospital without Frankie and experiences her husband\'s violent fury. Later when she tells Frankie that his dad is really sick, he writes a letter and draws a picture for his father. On a second visit, Lizzie brings the picture and a snapshot of Frankie. The chaos of the death scene is beautifully transformed by the exchange of gifts with a compassionate nurse as messenger. His death brings peace for them all. Later, when Lizzie asks Marie about the stranger, she learns that he is in fact Marie\'s brother. Frankie\'s last letter shows that he realizes the truth—that the stranger was not his real dad. Frankie carries on with his life, telling about his real dad passing, his friends and their gold stars in school, and football. Frankie hopes to see the stranger again. Frankie and his two friends toss the special skipping stone into the bay. Frankie and Lizzie sit in silence on a dock looking out to sea.'] ['Bernard Berkman  is an arrogant once-great novelist whose career has gone into a slow decline as he spends more time teaching and less time writing. His wife, Joan , has recently begun publishing her own work to widespread acclaim, which only increases the growing tension between them. One day, Bernard and Joan\'s two sons, 16-year-old Walt  and 12-year-old Frank , are told that their parents are separating, with Bernard renting a house on the other side of Prospect Park from their home in Park Slope, Brooklyn. As the parents set up a schedule for spending time with their children, Walt and Frank can hardly imagine that things could get more combative between their parents. They do, however, as Joan begins dating Ivan , Frank\'s tennis instructor, and Bernard starts sharing his new house with Lili , one of his students. Meanwhile, the two boys begin taking sides in the battle between their parents, with Walt taking after his father and Frank siding with his mother. Along with the trouble both boys exhibit verbally with their parents, they also show internal struggles and very different ways of handling the stress of their parents\' divorce. Walt\'s most obvious cry for help is when he performs and claims to have written "Hey You" by Pink Floyd at his school\'s talent show. After Walt wins first place and receives praise from his family and friends, his school realizes that he did not write the song. At this point, the school calls Bernard and Joan in to discuss Walt\'s issues, which are mainly fabricating his accomplishments. It is decided that Walt should meet with a school psychologist. Meanwhile, Frank exhibits his own internal confusion by repeatedly masturbating at school and then wiping his semen onto library books and hallway lockers. He also begins to frequently drink beer. It is during the meeting with the psychologist that Walt finally starts to see things more objectively, without the taint of his father\'s opinions. The psychologist asks Walt about his childhood memories and it becomes clear to Walt that his father was never really present, and that his mother was the one whom he remembers caring for him. His fondest childhood memory is when his mother would take him to see the Squid and the Whale exhibit at the American Museum of Natural History; the exhibit scared him as a small child so he would often close his eyes whenever they went by the exhibit at the museum. After a heated argument between Bernard and Joan over custody, Bernard collapses on the street outside their home and is taken to the hospital. Bernard asks for Walt to stay by his side, but Walt instead runs to visit the squid and the whale exhibit. The film concludes with him pondering over the exhibit and his past.'] ["The story concerns a young man, André , whose ideas are radically different from his father's . The father predicates order and restraint, which enhance his own power under the mantle of family love. The son seeks freedom and ecstasy, challengingly signified, in the film, through his incestuous passion for his sister Ana . When the son leaves home on the farm and moves to a seedy boarding house, his older brother Pedro , is asked by their mother  to bring him back. His return, however, will completely shatter the family's confining life."] ["A third-generation Ugandan Indian family residing in Kampala, is expelled from the country in 1972 by the Idi Amin regime. The father, Jay  moves with wife, Kinnu  and daughter, Mina  to Greenwood, Mississippi to live with family members who own a chain of motels there. Kinnu obtains work in a liquor store. In 1990, 24-year-old Mina, who cleans at Anil's  family's motel , falls in love with Demetrius , a local African American self-employed carpet cleaner. The respective families erupt in turmoil after the pair are discovered and confronted by members of the Indian family during a clandestine weekend of pleasure in Biloxi. Ultimately, the two families cannot come to terms with the interracial pair, who flee the state together in Demetrius' van. After a brief return to Kampala to attend a court proceeding on the disposition of his confiscated Ugandan house, Jay relinquishes his long-nurtured dream of returning to Uganda, the place he considered home."] ["Jenna  is a teen age competitive skater who has been coached by her overprotective, high strung, gun obsessed mother . When she quits competing and decides to go to college in Vancouver, her mother becomes very upset and tries to prevent her from leaving home; finally locking her in a hot sauna until she agrees to stay. Her father gives her money behind her mother's back and Jenna leaves home. Her mother goes to Canada to force her to come back home and resume competition. Once there, the mother becomes increasing unstable as she first tries to bring a hand gun into Canada, tries to procure one from a drug dealer and finally has sex with a policeman who gets a gun for her. After Jenna brings her father to Vancouver to fly her mother home that day, the mother instead insists, against Jenna's protests, that she will drive herself back. The father leaves and that night tjhe mother breaks into Jenna's apartment and forces her to pack and drive home by by gun point. Before they get out of Canad, the mother shoots a squeegee man who attempts to clean the windows. Shaking she orders Jenna to stop driving and runs into a tunnel in a park where she pulls the gun out and begs Jenna to shoot her. A struggle ensures over the gun with the mother getting a grazed in the head, knocking her off of her feet. As Jenna cradles her she acknowledges to Jenna that she must let her go. The movie ends with the mother returning to the United States the next morning with a bandage on her head.IFC November Thrills and Chills"] ['Jan  is a Swedish farmer and Glory  is his beloved daughter, who saves him from bankruptcy by eloping to the big city with their rapacious landlord, driving Jan to madness.'] ['The film\'s young protagonists, Jean Louise "Scout" Finch  and her brother Jem , live in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930s. The story covers three years, during which Scout and Jem undergo changes in their lives. They begin as innocent children, who spend their days happily playing games with each other and spying on Arthur "Boo" Radley , who has not been seen for many years by anybody as a result of never leaving his house and about whom many wicked rumours circulate. Their father, Atticus , is a town lawyer and has a strong belief that all people are to be treated fairly, to turn the other cheek, and to stand for what you believe. He also allows his children to call him by his first name. Through their father\'s work as a lawyer, Scout and Jem begin to learn of the racism and evil prevalent in their town, and mature painfully and quickly as they are exposed to it. The kids follow Atticus to watch a rape trial, in which an innocent black man, Tom Robinson, is wrongfully found guilty of raping Mayella Ewell, despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary . Atticus also brings to light the alarmingly unusual and suspicious fact that the girl had not even been examined by a doctor after the supposed assault to check for signs of rape or to determine if her hymen was even broken, and even after Atticus\' earnest pleas to the jury for them to cast aside their prejudices against blacks and instead to focus on the evidence of Tom\'s obvious innocence. Tom is doomed, however, when he takes the stand in his own defense and reveals that he felt pity for the victim due to her circumstances. Atticus arrives home to find out that Robinson has been killed in an attempt to escape from jail. Atticus is subsequently vilified by some of the locals for his having defended a black man, and the whole town is in quite a stir over the matter for a good while. After a few months, things appear to have settled down, and Scout goes to a Halloween pageant with Jem. On their way home that night, Scout and Jem are attacked by the vengeful Bob Ewell, the drunkard father  of the girl whom Tom Robinson had been falsely accused of molesting. Mr. Ewell slashes at Scout with a knife, but the chicken-wire framework of her Halloween costume protects her from the blade. During the struggle, Jem is knocked unconscious and his arm is broken, but then Bob Ewell is overpowered and killed by a tall dark figure that suddenly appears on the scene. Scout sees the whole thing from a small view hole in her ham costume that she is still wearing. Jem is carried home by this mysterious man who turns out to be the previously-mentioned Arthur "Boo" Radley, and afterwards it is revealed that Boo — in caring appreciation for Scout and Jem\'s not having taunted and shunned him the way other townspeople had done — had for a long time assumed the role of the children\'s guardian angel, often secretly watching over and following a distance behind Scout and Jem when they were out at night, to help them and protect them from harm. The film ends with Scout considering the past three years\' events from Boo\'s point of view, and Atticus watching over the sleeping Jem.'] ["Saint Monica is the story of a young girl who is intrigued with her Roman Catholic upbringing. Monica likes to play with angel and Blessed Virgin Mary figurines the way other girls play with dolls. She sneaks out of the house to go to church. Set in Toronto's Portuguese-Canadian community, Monica lives with her mother Icelia  and lethargic uncle Albert  in a basement suite. Icelia has just gotten out of an abusive relationship and has recently moved to a new neighborhood to avoid her ex. Genevieve Buechner plays the title character, a lonely and less-than-saintly 10-year-old girl. Her uncle is in charge of watching her while her mom is at work, which is most of the time. Albert hates looking after his niece and would rather watch movies in peace. One day, Monica blackmails him into giving her a ride to her old church. She finds them in the midst of organizing their annual procession and, even though she wasn't invited, she sneaks in. When she lived in her old neighborhood she had her heart set on playing an angel in her church's parade. Unfortunately, since she moved away, she is not allowed to participate anymore. Left without a place in the procession, the distraught girl steals a pair of archangel wings from the church's costume department as compensation--only to lose them on the streetcar home. A little searching reveals them to have landed in the hands of a homeless woman named Mary ; Mary is also obsessed with collecting religious artifacts. She spends her time reciting Hail Marys and challenging her faith in a God by crossing busy lanes of traffic while clad in the wings. Mary's importance to Monica is obvious as she is the one who has the young girl's wings. After they form a bond that goes beyond friendship, it's a certainty that she's also a mentor. With Mary in the picture, Monica is better in touch with herself but she's also getting into more trouble. The rest of the movie concerns the girl's lies to cover up her deeds, her attempts to recover the wings in time to return them, and her unique relationship with Mary."] ["Annelle Dupuy , a recent beauty school graduate, is hired by Truvy Jones  to work in her home-based beauty salon. M'Lynn Eatenton , a good friend of Truvy's, and her daughter, Shelby , arrive at Truvy's to prepare for Shelby's wedding, which is taking place later that day. Also arriving at the salon are Ouiser  Boudreaux , a grouchy, two-time widow, and Clairee Belcher , also a widow, who is cheerful and enjoys taking cracks at Ouiser whenever possible. During an argument with her mother over whether or not she should bear a child, Shelby, who has type one diabetes, falls into a state of hypoglycemia, but she recovers quickly with some orange juice provided by her mother and the other women in the salon. Several months pass, and Shelby announces to her family that she and her husband Jackson  are expecting their first child. Although the majority of her family is thrilled, M'Lynn is worried that Shelby's body cannot handle the stress of childbirth. Shelby successfully delivers a baby boy, Jackson Jr. However, several months later Shelby begins showing signs of kidney failure and starts dialysis. M'Lynn offers to donate a kidney to her daughter and the transplant takes place the day after Jackson Jr's first birthday. Three to four months following the transplant, Shelby's body rejects the kidney and she collapses into a coma. The doctors inform the family that Shelby will likely remain comatose indefinitely, and her family and husband jointly decide to remove Shelby from life support. At the funeral, after the other mourners have left, M'Lynn breaks down in hysterics in front of Clairee, Truvy, Annelle and Ouiser, but the other women are able to give support to M'Lynn through humor and love. Later, at the wake, M'Lynn begins to accept her daughter's death and focuses her energy on helping Jackson raise his son/her grandson. Annelle, who is now married and pregnant, asks M'Lynn if she could name her own baby after Shelby. Months later, on Easter morning, Annelle goes into labor during an Easter egg hunt and is rushed to the hospital and another life begins."] ["The first half of the movie centers around Elaine Cheng (played by [[Cindy Cheung  a single mother from Hong Kong living in the Boston suburbs and the life she provides for her two children . As a way to cope and entertain themselves the kids invent things. The mother is drawn to pyramid scheme as a way to get ahead and repeatedly loses money. Eventually her two young children are left to fend for themselves when their mother is arrested by the police. The film is loosely based on Tze Chun's own childhood,{{cite web}}"] ["Naina Catherine Kapur  is an angry young girl living in New York City. Her father committed suicide when she was young, leaving her mother Jennifer Kapur  alone with her and her two younger children, Shiv  and Gia . The restaurant that Jennifer operates is also financially faltering. Furthermore, Naina's paternal grandmother, Lajjo , blames Jennifer for the suicide and refuses to accept Gia  as her granddaughter, blaming her for bringing bad luck to the family. The only bright spot in Naina's life is her bumbling MBA classmate Rohit Patel . Meanwhile, Aman Mathur  shifts to Naina's neighbourhood. Noticing the sadness of his new neighbours, he intervenes. His well-meaning interference in their activities, his help in reviving their financial standing, and his general optimism soon change their lives for the better. Although Naina is initially reluctant to enjoy Aman's presence, she grows to like him and eventually falls in love with him. Also, Rohit, who has been in love with Naina, is too scared to ask her out. On Aman's encouragement, he calls Naina for lunch where she reveals to Rohit about her love for Aman. Heartbroken, Rohit informs Aman about this. Naina goes to Aman's house to ask him out where Aman lies to her that he is married to a woman named Priya . Aman, it is revealed, is dying of a severe condition that is progressively weakening his heart. Also, Priya is not his wife, but his doctor. Knowing that his lifespan is limited, he sacrifices his love for Naina and plays matchmaker between Rohit and her. The tension within Naina's family also stops when Aman, after accidentally intercepting a personal letter addressed to Jennifer, reveals that Gia is Naina's half-sister through their father's extramarital affair. Jennifer's acceptance of her husband's infidelity is what led to his suicide. Lajjo finally accepts Gia, and the now-united family prepares for Rohit and Naina's wedding. Meanwhile, Aman's health deteriorates. Naina, in a chance-encounter meets Priya and learns the truth about Aman's health condition. When she approaches and accuses Aman, he convinces her to get married to Rohit, as he knew that Rohit loved her. She accepts and gets married to Rohit. After attending the marriage, Aman passes away. Twenty years later, an older Naina relates the story of Aman's love to a grown-up Gia and how she has, and always loved him. It is also revealed that Naina and Rohit have a daughter of their own. Naina ends her story by saying that while every wife dreams of finding a friend in her husband, she was lucky to find a husband in her friend."] ["The film is set in 1915, during World War I. Heidi , now 15 years old, still lives on the Swiss Alps with her Grandfather. She receives an invitation from Madame Jane Hillary , the headmistress of Brookings School for Girls in Italy, to join her school. Heidi has the means to go, as she has just received an inheritance from her friend Klara's grandmother. Grandfather  wants Heidi to make the most of the opportunity so she will be able to take care of herself when he's gone. Heidi is at first reluctant to leave, but when she learns that her sweetheart Peter  has joined the army, she decides to accept the invitation. Heidi is at first unable to adapt to modern life at the school, often clashing with her more sophisticated classmate Ursula . Heidi's only friend is Ilsa , and she also has the kind support of Madame Hillary. The Italian troupes arrive at the school with a letter from the Governor, declaring that they have to give up the building to be used as a military post. All the girls are fetched by their families, except for four: Heidi, Ursula, Ilsa and Gudrun . Hillary is happy to care for the four girls, but the unscrupulous owner of the town orphanage, Signor Bonelli , claims the girls for his orphanage. Hillary is forced to give them up as Bonelli has the support of the Governor. The four girls find that the orphanage is a run-down and cruel place where all the children are forced into labour. Heidi wants to escape, but Ursula insists that Madame Hillary will come for them. Hillary does attempt to get the children, but is blocked by Bonelli. Heidi eventually learns through another orphan, Clarissa , that they can escape through the drain. The four Brookings girls, Clarissa, and another orphan named Giovanni  escape through the drain and hitch a ride on a cart for the countryside. Signor Bonelli chases after them and manages to catch Giovanni. The five girls escape through the forest and head for the mountains to cross over into Switzerland, briefly crossing paths with soldiers that are travelling on horseback. Hillary learns of the girls' sighting through the soldiers and, knowing that Heidi would lead the girls to her Grandfather, decides to go to the Alps herself. Grandfather learns of the girls' crossing through Peter, and asks that he find and bring them across safely. The girls go through the mountains, and are found by Peter, who has brought them food. He leaves them the next morning to get a sled, and while he is gone, Signor Bonelli catches up with them. He intends to fake an accident with all the girls falling off the mountain, knowing that if they speak the truth of the orphanage's conditions, his reputation will be ruined. Heidi manages to call Peter, and he arrives in time to save them. The group cross the mountains successfully. Heidi is reunited with Grandfather, and the Brookins girls are reunited with Hillary. The films ends with a Christmas dinner with Grandfather, Hillary, Peter and all the girls. Clarissa is to be adopted by Grandfather, Signor Bonelli's orphanage is closed, but war is still on. Peter declares he has to leave, but he promises to return to Heidi."] ['The film follows a young American boy named Roy Wallace  who spends his summer in a tiny fishing village on the coast of western Ireland. After a short while, unexplainable events and deeds begin to occur and rumors of ghosts sweep the village. All these things are pointing to something mysterious that is going on in a nearby cave. Roy sets out to disprove the rumor and decides to explore the cave with his new, teenage local friends Oscar  and Abbey . Roy faces his fears and discovers the secret of the cave.'] ['A gifted 16-year-old named Megan living in the Dayton, Ohio area has been abandoned by her father and soon neglected by her mother. Her mother has been working hard and long lately because she needs the money to support herself and her children. The father does not pay child support often, which causes the family money problems. Lily, Meg\'s younger sister, has serious mental problems; she has been starving herself to become an angel. After being checked into the psychiatric ward of a hospital, Lily kills herself by jumping out of an open window as she tries to "fly". Meg finds solace in her English teacher, who claims he is passionate about writing a novel. Her English teacher becomes a comfort and a father figure to her through Meg\'s troubled times, and he encourages her to join a poetry contest. A closer sexual relationship develops between Meg and her teacher until she finally allows him to have sex with her. After this, Meg, looking through material on the top of a desk, realizes that her teacher has not written a novel, but had told that story to impress her. The movie is melancholy. Meg decides to live with her father, and she enters his blue car, still uncertain about her future.'] ['Dede Tate  is a single mother, a working-class woman of average intelligence raising her seven-year-old son, Fred , who shows every indication of being a genius. Fred\'s reading and mathematics abilities are remarkable, and he plays the piano "at competition level," but his intellect isolates him from his public school classmates. Fred\'s intellect comes to the attention of Jane Grierson , a former music prodigy and now a psychologist running a school for gifted children. She seeks permission from Dede to admit Fred to the school in order to develop his intellectual gifts in a way that a public school cannot. Dede is reluctant, preferring that Fred have a normal upbringing but when no one comes to Fred\'s seventh birthday party, Dede consents. Fred fits in better at the institute, and he meets one of his heroes who is one of Jane\'s prized pupils, the brilliant but slightly bizarre "Mathemagician" Damon Wells , a whiz at math who wears a black cape wherever he goes. After unintentionally upstaging Damon at a competition for gifted youth, Fred is enrolled at a university where he studies quantum physics while his mother and her sister and cousins travel to Florida for the summer. Jane attempts to become more nurturing, but is unable to relate to Fred as anything other than a case study. Fred meets Eddie , a student in his 20s, but their relationship sours after Eddie tells him that their age difference is too great for them to be friends. Fred\'s isolation wears on him and he begins to experience nightmares and disturbing images. Jane is asked to bring Fred onto a panel discussion show on the topic of gifted children, but Fred breaks down. He claims his mother is dead, and recites a childish poem  before taking off his microphone and walking out of the studio. Dede witnesses some of this as it is broadcast and flies back to New York. Jane is unable to find Fred, but Dede discovers him back at their apartment and embraces him. One year later, Fred has adjusted to the pressures of being a child genius, particularly after an even younger student is admitted to Jane\'s school. Dede hosts a well attended birthday party for him, reconciling Fred\'s emotional development with his intellect.'] ["This allegorical tale concerns the gap that exists between East and West Los Angeles as Latino kids try to pursue the American Dream. After five years of living in Mexico, an 18-year-old youth returns to Los Angeles with aspirations of becoming a movie star. At the urging of his father, a pimp who sells maps to stars' homes as a cover, the young man turns to hustling as a way to meet Hollywood insiders.http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/1800293765/details Things start to look up when he hooks up with a daytime soap opera producer. However his overbearing father and his mentally unstable mother threaten to get in the way of his dreams."] ['In the world of underground motorcycle clubs, the undefeated racer known as Smoke  is the undisputed "King of Cali." But Smoke\'s dominance of the set is about to be threatened by a young motorcycle racing prodigy called Kid , who is determined to win Smoke\'s helmet and earn the coveted title. Kid says that the difference between men and boys are the lessons they learn- and that his father, Slick Will, taught him plenty. One day, as he is still a "prospect"  is with Slick Will, who is also Smoke\'s mechanic. A biker challenges Smoke to a race, who accepts. In the midst of the race, the biker loses control as the brakes fail, and he falls of the bike and hits the telephone pole, being paralyzed from his waist down. The bike flies away, and it hits Slick Will, and drags him to a store, killing him instantly. Smoke stops and runs over to Will, and Kid is shocked by this, looking angry at Smoke. At the funeral, dozens of bikers from the "Black Knights"  show up with Smoke, who drops a rose and a Black Knights flag to his grave. 6 months later, Kid is now a familiar racer with his custom-powered bike, and he shows up at the events. His first "race" was when he interfered with Stuntman\'s race with Donny. As he interrupts the race, he pulls off several stunts, notably standing on top of the motorcycle while it is still moving. He wins the race and the crowd seem to like his stunts, much to the dissatisfaction of Smoke. Kid demands to race with Smoke but Smoke says he is too inexperienced and should get experience first. It is later revealed that Kid and Stuntman were hustling in that race. Kid then goes to a diner where he meets fellow hustler Stuntman. Fellow biker Primo tells them to create a bike club, and after a bit of persuasion they agree, and Kid goes to the biker jury, and Smoke is on the lead. He apologizes for his events with Smoke and they all agree to verify the club, calling themselves the "Biker Boyz." Kid is set to race Motherland to prove he is good enough to race Smoke. However he has showed up late to "make an entrance" after Smoke has beaten Dogg. Kid is arrested when racing Motherland, and the bikers manage to escape. Anita confronts Kid, saying that if he ever races again, she will kick him out of the house. Kid agrees. One night at a local gathering, Kid is "called out" to race Dogg and in fury, he accepts. Having said that, Anita arrives to Smoke before the race, and demands him that he should stop the race. Angry Smoke confronts her and demands her the reason, and she tells him that Kid is actually his son, not Slick Will\'s. Smoke successfully stops the race by telling Kid it is too dangerous. This however only leads to a fight between the two from which Kid comes off considerably worse than Smoke. Smoke then tells him that he is his son, to which Kid angrily goes home. He confronts Anita about this, who confesses that it\'s the truth. In a rage, he leaves home and heads to Tina, his girlfriend. Kid decides to turn renegade and after gaining quite a few more followers for his club, announces that "we\'re gonna win more lids than any crew on the set and we\'re gonna out hustle every crew off the set" and indicates that from that point on, "Biker Boyz set their own rules." At this point the Biker Boyz get their own hangout and begin hustling several races, but when they go to the wrong part of town and Stuntman successfully hustles the nephew of a respected biker, Stuntman and Primo are ambushed at the next party. Kid comes to the rescue but is quickly over-powered as the leader of the other club pulls a gun on him. Smoke and some of the other Black Knights intervene and convince the other biker to stand down. Smoke takes Kid inside and sits down to give him a stern talking-to, but Kid shrugs it off angrily. It is at this point that Smoke agrees to race Kid. However, whoever loses will never race again. But first Kid has to race Dogg, but this time, they agree to race at the track. On the race track, everybody shows up, including the Black Kinghts. At the race, Dogg and Kid race down, and Kid is going to win, but Dogg plays dirty and causes him to crash. Kid is alright, but his bike has been wrecked. Later that day, Smoke talks to Kid, and informs him that the authorities are going to close the track, due to many crashes, but he managed to rent a farm to race on it. Kid agrees to arrive tomorrow. Later that night, Kid, with Primo and Stuntman, are trying to fix his bike, but fail to do it. Suddenly, Dogg and his crew arrive at the motel, and Dogg\'s mechanic arrives and checks out the engine, and informs Dogg that neither he cannot fix this until tomorrow. Dogg informs him; "There are only 2 bikes as strong and fast as Smoke\'s, yours and mine.", and offers Kid his bike, but only to promise him that Kid will beat Smoke tomorrow. On the day of the race, both the crew of the Black Knights and the Biker Boyz arrive. Smoke wants to be a fair race, with no N20 system, and Kid wants Tina to start the race. Smoke and Kid are racing on a farm with open fields. With the finish line in sight, it is obvious that Smoke will win. However filled with emotions, he decides to slow down and let his son win the race, becoming the new "King of Cali." Kid tells Smoke to hang onto his crown for a while, and that he\'ll come and get it someday. Kid rides off, repeating his sentiment that the difference between men and boys are the lessons they learn, and that his father taught him plenty.'] ['Ezra "Penny" Baxter , once a Confederate soldier, and his wife Ora , are pioneer farmers near Lake George, Florida in 1878, 13 years after the American Civil War ended. Their son, Jody , a boy in his pre-teen years, is their only surviving child. Jody has a wonderful relationship with his warm and loving pa. Ora, however, is still haunted by the deaths of the three other children of the family: she is very somber and hard-hearted and is afraid that Jody will end up dying if she shows her parental love to him. Jody finds her somewhat unloving and unreasonable. With all of his siblings dead and buried, Jody longs for a pet to play with and care for. Penny is sympathetic and understanding, but Ora is disgusted. One day, when a rattle snake bites Penny, they kill a doe and use its organs to draw out the poison. Jody asks to adopt the doe\'s orphaned fawn. Penny permits it, but warns Jody that the fawn will have to be set free when it grows up. Jody goes to ask his frail friend Fodder-Wing to name the fawn only to find he has just died. However, Fodder-Wing\'s older brother tells Jody that Fodderwing had said that if he had a fawn he would name him Flag -- for the critter\'s waving white tail. Soon, Jody and Flag are inseparable. One year later, Flag has grown up and becomes a total nuisance to the household and farm; he eats newly-grown corn, destroys fences, and tramples on tobacco crops. Penny orders Jody to take the deer out into the woods and kill it with a rifle. Jody takes the deer out, but does not have the courage to kill it. Instead, he orders the deer to go away and never return. But Flag comes back to their property. Finally, Ora  takes the gun and shoots it, but only wounds the deer. Penny orders Jody to put the deer out of its misery. Rather than let his pet deer be in agonizing pain, he follows his father\'s orders. The loss of Jody\'s beloved pet deer proves too much for him to handle: Overwhelmed with anger and despair, he runs away from home. Three days later, he is rescued by a friendly boat captain and returns home. He and Penny quickly make up. Penny tells him that Ora had been out searching for him. Just before Jody goes to bed, Ora returns and sees that he is back. She becomes filled with happiness and emotion, knowing that her huge fear of losing her last child is now over. She happily runs into Jody\'s room and showers him with more affection than she ever gave him. She is no longer afraid to show her parental love to him.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/2523/The-Yearling/full-synopsis.html'] ['The cliffhanger ending of the series finale is resolved in the opening minutes of the movie. The gunshot J.R. Ewing fired was at the mirror, not himself. It is also revealed that J.R. has quit drinking. Several years later, J.R. is in Europe, while Bobby Ewing lives at Southfork alone with his son Christopher, happily out of the oil business, and Cliff Barnes is still the president of Ewing Oil, relishing the fact that he finally beat J.R. However, things aren\'t as cheery as they may seem. Bobby, conscious of the fact that Southfork is now almost empty, considers selling it. Meanwhile, Cliff, weary of the oil business, decides that after all the trouble he and J.R. went through during their rivalry, he wants to try to regain whatever he lost in it. Cliff concludes that the best way to do so is to sell Ewing Oil to Weststar Oil, a giant Oil conglomerate headed by J.R.\'s other nemesis, Carter McKay. McKay promises that Weststar will incorporate Ewing Oil\'s assets into his company, and Ewing Oil will cease to exist. J.R. hears this and decides to try to regain his position. He appeals to Bobby to get back in business together and buy Ewing Oil back but is rebuffed. J.R. arranges for Afton to be put in a sanitarium so Cliff can\'t find her. After a surprise trip to Ewing Oil where he taunts a rattled Cliff, J.R. learns of a provision in Jock Ewing\'s will where Jock left J.R.\'s son, John Ross, stock in computer company Cyberbyte, which has a value of $200,000,000. The provision states that John Ross is only to receive this stock upon the death of his father. However, since John Ross is living in Europe and is unaware of his inheritance, J.R. decides to sell some of this stock and buy shares to take over Weststar. He sells the stock portfolio and buys a controlling stake in Weststar Oil. To cover his tracks, J.R. rebuys the stock and reinstates the provision, saying that if anyone finds out about the incident, he will claim that they were released to John Ross Ewing, Jr.  instead of his son  in a clerical error. To set this in motion, he fakes his death in a car accident and has his attorney "accidentally" put the shares in his name instead of his son\'s. Thinking that J.R. has died, Bobby holds a memorial service, with John Ross and Sue Ellen attending and Cliff in quiet celebration, believing he\'s won the ultimate victory over J.R....until J.R. returns to Southfork. He claims to have been kidnapped and escaped. Sly is disgusted and resigns as J.R\'s assistant. In the final moments of the show, J.R. is the majority shareholder in Weststar, and he uses that clout to force McKay to back out of buying Ewing Oil. McKay says that Cliff sold Ewing oil to someone else already. After being sent a letter notifying him of his daughter\'s whereabouts, Cliff decided that finding his family is more important than beating J.R., but Bobby figured out a way that Cliff can have both, and he bought Ewing Oil. Bobby later realizes that he was tricked back into the oil business by J.R. who knew getting Bobby off Southfork would force him not to sell. J.R. maneuvered the board to remove McKay as Chairman of Weststar and for himself to take his place. An unhappy Bobby sells half of the company to his new partner, Sue Ellen Ewing. J.R. appears shocked and crushed. Bobby, Sue Ellen, and Cliff believe they pulled one more over on J.R. A drunken and bitter Sly had tipped off Sue Ellen that J.R. faked his own death. Sue Ellen suspected this all along and was neither surprised or even that angry but felt that J.R needed to be taught a lesson. Cliff, meanwhile, greets Afton and Pamela outside the sanitarium after Afton is released and they leave to be a family. In the last scene, John Ross asks J.R. why he is smiling even though he lost Ewing Oil to Bobby and Sue Ellen. J.R. points out that Bobby is back in the oil business and is no longer going to sell Southfork. Ewing Oil is back in Ewing hands. J.R. is Chairman of the Board of Weststar Oil. Sue Ellen is back at Southfork to stay, and John Ross will remain in Dallas to learn the oil business from J.R. John Ross realizes that his father planned everything to work out this way. JR\'s last words are, "You see, John Ross? You\'re learning already."'] ["Joe Warr  is a British sports writer who lives in Australia with his second wife, Katy  and his young son Artie . Katy is diagnosed with cancer and dies, forcing Joe to cope with the responsibilities of being a single parent. Joe's teenage son from his first marriage, Harry ([[George MacKay , feels abandoned in the UK with his mother. Harry uses Katy's death as an opportunity to try to build a relationship with his father, coming to visit him in Australia. Although Harry is initially unnerved by the lack of discipline in the house, he eventually forms a strong bond with Artie, while struggling to foster a closer relationship with Joe. When Joe is forced by work to leave his sons alone in the house for a night, local teenagers throw a party at the house against both boys' will. With the house ransacked, Harry flies back to England, fearful of Joe's reaction. Joe and Artie go after him. After much discussion, Joe convinces Harry to move to Australia on a permanent basis. The trio return to Australia, and together shoulder the responsibilities of running the household without a female influence."] ['A family is given a puppy for a year to undergo domestic training to became a help dog for the disabled. The young daughter in the household becomes a best friend of the puppy and finds it difficult to be parted from him when the time is up for him to leave.'] ["Rudy and Mogie Yellow Lodge are Lakota Sioux brothers on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in Wounded Knee, South Dakota. Mogie is a severe alcoholic with no job and a high school age son and Rudy is a police officer trying to take care of his brother, nephew and the rest of the town through the hands of law. Rudy tries to help his brother by bringing him food and money and taking him to a picnic, but Mogie is resistant to Rudy's attempts, choosing to drink and make jokes about the depressed state of their people and town. As a child, Rudy had been bitten by a spider, and Mogie told him it was Iktomi, the trickster spider; this spider re-appears to Rudy early in the film and Rudy's attempts to help begin to wander outside the lines of the law. When Rudy is sent on a police call to an abandoned house, he finds the bloodied, dead body of a young man who has been kicked to death. He sees a person in the darkness, but they run away before he can identify them. Chasing after the criminal, Rudy trips and falls head first onto a rock, knocking him more into the confusion that the trickster spider had started in him as child. Rudy's friend tells him that rocks are very spiritual and Rudy begins to think that something has gotten into him when he becomes a vigilante. He sees a teenage boy wearing the same shoes as the figure who ran away from the scene of the murder, and secretly follows the boy and his friend. He hears them talking about whether to dispose of a pair of boots that connects them to the murder. Disguising himself with black paint on his face, Rudy sneaks up on the boys with a baseball bat and viciously beats their kneecaps, announcing himself as the ghost of the boy they murdered. Afterwards, while washing the paint off his face, he again sees Iktomi. Next, a camera crew visits the town to report on the millions of dollars that a liquor store in the bordering town is sucking out of miserable alcoholic Indians from the reservation. The subject of the news report angers Rudy into going to the liquor store in the middle of the night, again with a painted face, and setting the building on fire. He doesn’t realize that his brother is sleeping on the roof of the building. Mogie escapes and survives, but is burned and severely scarred, and spends some time in the hospital. Realizing that he almost killed his brother, Rudy visits a friend to get instructions on how to deal with Iktomi's spirit; these involve a combination of home remedies and a sweat lodge ceremony. During Mogie’s stay in the hospital, the doctors discover that his health is rapidly deteriorating, including a terminal liver condition. After he is released from the hospital, Mogie, his son Herbie, Rudy, and Aunt Helen have dinner, and Mogie brings up American Horse, an Oglala Indian who testified against the 7th Cavalry. This conversation brings up the story of the Wounded Knee Massacre, which Rudy tells to Herbie. Wracked with guilt, Rudy tells Mogie that he started the fire, and Mogie replies that the one thing he can do to make up for it is blow the nose off of George Washington's face on Mount Rushmore. Rudy calls the idea crazy, and says he won't do it. Rudy gets a police call saying that a man is stuck in a trap. He arrives at the house to find Mogie's drinking partner  dead, having been caught in a bear trap, with the owners of the house standing over him. The mother of the family  says that they put the bear trap out to catch burglars. The family seems to have no remorse for the man's death. When Mogie finds out the story behind his friend's death, he seeks revenge. He goes to the family's house with a gun and aims it at the father while he sits in the living room, but after a child appears in the room, Mogie decides not to pull the trigger. On Herbie's 18th birthday, he visits his father to find him drunk and in very poor condition. He and Rudy take Mogie to the hospital. Mogie is discovered to have pneumonia, and he must stay at the hospital. Rudy, Herbie, and Aunt Helen stay with him. Mogie dies, and a ceremony is held. Rudy receives a letter, written to him from Mogie before he died, asking him to take care of Herbie. Rudy finds out that the liquor store is being rebuilt to be twice as big with two drive-in windows. He buys a large can of oil-based red paint and drives to Mount Rushmore. He climbs to the top, and standing on the head of George Washington, he ponders whether his plan is stupid, but before he can change his mind, he once again sees Iktomi crawling across the paint can. Seeing this, he makes his tribute to Mogie by throwing the can of paint so that it drips down the side of George Washington's nose, almost like a rivulet of bloody tears. On the drive back, he sees a hitchhiker that looks just like Mogie in his youth and laughs. Skins depicts the bond between two brothers and the effects of the destruction in Native American history on their lives today. Through his sometimes extreme attempts to help his family and his people, Rudy explores his reasons for his actions and the reasons that his people and family are in a condition that needs such help."] ["Vijayakumar and Sukumar  are brothers. Sukumar, the younger brother is an actor and goes to Madras to earn a living. There he gets a break and becomes famous. The money he sends for his family's upkeep is stolen by Vijayakumar and his wife. Because of their greed, the joint family gets split. After some time, the wayward brother and sister in law have a change of heart and repent for their actions. The family is once again reunited."] ['Classical pianist Robert Dupea , who comes from a family of musicians, works in a California oil field. Most of his time is spent in bowling alleys, drinking beer in the trailer of his friend, Elton , or with his waitress girlfriend, Rayette . When he learns that she is pregnant, and his friend Elton gets arrested for having robbed a gas station a year earlier, he quits his job and leaves for Los Angeles where his sister, Partita , also a pianist, is making a recording. Partita informs him that their father has suffered two strokes and urges him to return to the family home on Puget Sound. He tells Rayette that he must go to see his father and reluctantly agrees to take her along. On the way, they pick up two lesbians headed for Alaska whose constant chatter about "filth" increasingly annoys Robert. The four of them are thrown out of a restaurant when he gets into an argument with a waitress who refuses to accommodate his special order. Eventually, Robert reaches his destination. Embarrassed by Rayette\'s lack of polish, he registers her in a motel and goes to his family home. At dinner that night, he meets Catherine Van Oost , a young pianist engaged to his brother, Carl , a violinist. Despite personality differences, Robert and Catherine become attracted to each other and make love in her room. Meanwhile, Rayette becomes bored at the motel and comes to the Dupea estate unannounced. Her presence creates an awkward situation, but when Samia, a pompous family friend, ridicules Rayette\'s background, Robert gives a fiery defense of her. Storming from the room in search of Catherine, he discovers his father\'s male nurse giving the half-naked Partita a massage. Even more angered, Robert picks a senseless fight with him and is quickly knocked to the floor. He tries to convince Catherine to go away with him, but she tells him she cannot do it because he does not love himself or anything at all and thus should not expect love in return. After trying to talk to his unresponsive father, Robert leaves with Rayette, who makes a playful sexual advance to him which he angrily pushes off. At a gas station, when Rayette goes in for some coffee, he abandons her, hitching a ride on a truck to Alaska.'] ['Poh Huat , the father of the Loh family, works as a lawyer\'s clerk. He is married to Siew Luan , a housewife who likes to brew liang teh  for the family. Poh Huat has a habit of buying lottery tickets in hope of winning and enjoying a better life. He also keeps newspaper cuttings of car models and condominiums and stores them in a box in his room. The family has one son, Seng , and one daughter, Mei . Despite Mei\'s superior academic performance, the family has consistently shown favouritism for Seng. Even though he was ostensibly the academically poorer sibling, dropping out of school in Secondary 3, his parents still chose to fund his overseas polytechnic education instead of furthering his sister\'s education. Seng is due to return after two years at Idaho Polytechnical University. To fund his overseas studies, he had to borrow extra money from his fiancée, Irene , who stays with Seng\'s parents. Mei works as a secretary who maintains a friendly working relationship with her boss. She is due for delivery in two months\' time, and for maternity leave in a month\'s time. Her husband, Chin Keong , quit his job in the Singapore Armed Forces a month before and is now selling insurance, though unsuccessfully. He is therefore belittled by Mei. Even though they cannot afford it, they frequently go to a condominium showroom to take a look, revealing their aspirations for a more luxurious lifestyle. Seng returns from the United States. Tensions escalate in the family between Mei and Seng, due to the family\'s apparent favouritism for Seng. Seng goes for several job interviews, but is unsuccessful. He becomes immensely disappointed, and lies to his family about the sanguinity of his job prospects. Poh Huat strikes the Toto lottery, winning S$2 million, and the family is ecstatic. Seng decides that he wants to try starting a business. He gains his father\'s approval, who gives him effectively unlimited funding through a credit card. Seng also buys a car, without Irene\'s knowledge. Irene is infuriated when she learns Seng has been overspending without working first. Initially thrilled by his sudden elevation to the higher social class, Poh Huat dies suddenly of a heart attack while he was at a country club for a membership interview. Siew Luan goes into shock. At the funeral, Seng quarrels with Mei over the funeral expenses. Mei vents her anger on Chin Keong, who shows his displeasure by throwing the carton of drinks on the floor and storming off. Mei is called back to work one afternoon, even though she is still managing the funeral. Chin Keong expresses his outrage at this unreasonable request, but Mei says out of frustration, "Singapore is like that, everywhere is like that, do we have a choice?" and returns to work. At work, Mei\'s boss, frustrated at the incapable temporary secretary, vents his anger at Mei and demands her to photocopy a stack of documents and brew coffee for him. Mei flips at the triviality of the task. Back at the funeral, Mei realizes that S$500 has gone missing from the pek kim,{{Ref_label}} and wrongly accuses her Filipino maid, Pinky, of stealing the money. Chin Keong reveals shortly after that the money is actually with him. Pinky, indignant at the wrong accusation, spits at Mei. Chin Keong goes to a nearby coffee shop for a drink. A beer girl from Mainland China approaches him at his table to talk to him, and Chin Keong ends up confiding his worries about life. The girl notes, "You Singaporeans are always complaining. Do you think your life is tough?". During the funeral wake, Seng reveals to his family that he did not graduate. Initially unbeknownst to him, Irene is standing nearby at the door, and hears his confession. Irene is greatly disappointed with Seng, and resolves to leave him. A few months later, Chin Keong, Seng and Mei, with her newly-born son, are called to a lawyer\'s office. It is revealed that Poh Huat\'s will has been found : he had left all his assets to his wife Siew Luan. However, the family has chalked up a debt of S$1.2 million in sending Seng overseas. Siew Luan is absent from the meeting, so the lawyer announces that, of the remaining S$800,000, Mei is getting S$300,000, while Seng is getting S$1,000. At the movie\'s end, Siew Luan hands some money over to Poh Huat\'s mistress and illegitimate son in a show of benevolence, and leaves Seng to stay in rural Malaysia. Irene decides to go abroad to pursue a degree in photography.'] ['David Gordon , a popular science fiction author, lost his wife Mary when they were trying to adopt a child. Two years later, David is finally matched with a young boy named Dennis . Socially awkward, Dennis believes he is from Mars and only goes outdoors when under the cover of a large box to block out the sun\'s harmful rays. Although initially hesitant to adopt a boy by himself, David recognizes a part of him in Dennis and slowly coaxes him out of the box and into his home. With the help of David\'s friend Harlee  and sister Liz , David and Dennis begin an arduous process of learning about each other, from Dennis\'s incessant photo-taking habits, his inclination to eat only Lucky Charms, and his perpetual stealing, to David\'s continuing love of his wife, his love of baseball and his own struggles to be accepted by others. As David teaches Dennis how to be an "Earthling," father and son earn each other\'s trust and eventually find someone who will love them unequivocally.'] ["Lionel, a widower who drives RER trains in metropolitan Paris, has raised his daughter Josephine alone for many years. They have always shared a special bond and live a secure and contented life somewhat isolated from others, in an apartment building in a suburb of Paris. Josephine, an anthropology student, is now grown and become a young woman, but she remains deeply devoted to her father. They have developed a loose family with other residents of the building: Gabrielle, a cab driver and another neighbor, who once had a love affair with Lionel; and Noé, a moody young man who lives with his cat and has feelings for Josephine. Noé leads a disorganized life and goes abroad often. Gabrielle appears to have feelings for Lionel and motherly feelings towards Josephine. Both father and daughter are ambivalent toward more than a casual friendship with anyone outside their special relationship. While attending the retirement party for a colleague and friend, Lionel declines to try the customary feat of downing 35 shots of rum. His colleague appears to be lost without his job, and Lionel realizes that time is moving on. He  must find meaning and security in things other than his present life, lest he end up the same way. During an outing with Gabrielle and Noé, their car breaks down and the four friends take refuge in a closed bar. Noé shows his feelings for Josephine, and Lionel realizes that she must eventually leave him. He knows that she needs to live her own life independent of him. When Lionel's former colleague commits [[suicide] on the RER tracks, Lionel has to stop his train when he comes across the body. In the end, Josephine weds a nervous but happy Noé. At the party, Lionel successfully downs 35 shots of rum in celebration of the occasion. It is not clear whether he does so in joy or in sadness. He returns home to live alone."] ["Saraswati Batra  who came from Pakistan before partition is the widowed mother of Om , Jai  and Jagadish . Om is responsible and provides the income for the whole family. He works in a music company owned by his friend Parmeet Sethi. Jai is very ambitious  and is studying in the United States. His education is paid by Om for which he has taken loan from Parmeet Sethi. Jagadish is a college student who is very good with computers. Jai soon returns after Om and his mother convinces him. They all want different things and soon Om and Jai marry. Om marries the bubbly Ayesha  MTV VJ and Jai marries Neetu , the daughter of a rich NRI. Jagadish is in love with Puja  who is from Banglore; they meet at a college festival. When Jai clashes with Om's values they drift apart. Soon Jai receives a promotion in America and leaves with Neetu. Jagadish is caught computer hacking after trying to help a friend get the answers to a test. Om throws him out the house. Om, Ayesha and his mother have to leave the house after Om failed to pay the loan covering it. The three brothers are separated. Eventually, they all come together at the house auction to buy it back. Om is at the auction to see the winner and is surprised when Jagadish shows up to bid. He reveals that he used his hacking skills to create a program to block hackers instead. Jai comes at the end of the auction and bids more, which he got by selling his engine for the fastest car. He doesn't have enough so the three brothers combine their money to win back the house, but it isn't enough. Finally, it is revealed that the CEO of the company that Jagadish made the hacking program for bid for the house and won. Jagadish made a deal that the price of the house was the price of the program. The three brothers reunite and move back into the house."] ['Katherine "Katy" McLaughlin  has big dreams of administering her father\'s Wyoming horse ranch one day, but her father, Rob , has other plans. He is currently grooming her older brother, Howard , to take over the ranch and sends Katy away to an exclusive private school where she constantly feels like a misfit. Being a similar, independent spirit to Katy, Rob has a hard time understanding his daughter as she continually defies his authority to follow her own path. When she comes home for the summer, Katy is met with her father\'s disapproval because she did not finish a writing assignment at school, but is happily greeted by her mother, Nell , and Howard. As much as Katy wants to run the ranch, Howard does not, and instead longs to attend college. One day while out riding, Katy finds a wild mustang, and feels an instant connection with the horse. She sets off to tame the mare, which she names "Flicka", despite Rob\'s protests that he does not want a mustang near his horses. Later on, Flicka is captured during a roundup. Rob still does not want a wild horse running amongst the saddle horses and forbids Katy from going near Flicka. Determined to prove she can run the ranch just as well as Howard, Katy defies Rob and starts training the mare at night. Flicka slowly warms to Katy and the two developed a close bond. When Rob finds out, he sells Flicka to the rodeo, leaving Katy devastated. Both Nell and Howard are furious at Rob about making the decision without including them. Seeing his sister heartbroken over losing her beloved horse, Howard finally stands up to his father and says that he does not want the ranch. The family becomes even more divided when Rob refuses to return Flicka. Howard and Nell refuse to help Rob with the ranch, which he is now considering selling since Howard does not want it. Meanwhile, isolated in her room, Katy starts writing about Flicka to try and escape her pain. At the rodeo, Howard and Katy  enter the competition that Flicka is being used in, hoping to get the horse back. Not realizing who she is at first, the frightened mare runs from Katy until the girl calls her name. Rob, however, catches onto his daughter\'s plan and tries to intervene. Katy freezes at the sight of her father, but Howard boosts his sister onto the mare\'s back and lets the two escape. Riding Flicka, Katy becomes lost in the mountains, and allows Flicka, who knows the terrain, to make her way towards the ranch. Back at the rodeo, the family reconciles and begins searching for Katy as a fierce thunderstorm moves in. As they near the ranch, Katy and Flicka are attacked by a mountain lion. The mare bolts, throwing Katy to the ground and the cat goes to attack her. Flicka protects Katy, but is badly wounded. The girl binds the mare\'s wounds and refuses to leave her. Already cold and wet, Katy quickly develops a high fever. After hours of searching, Rob finds the two and brings a delirious Katy back to the house. As her fever spikes dangerously high, Katy calls for Flicka as Nell tends to her. Rob thinks Flicka is mortally wounded and believes she should be put down, though fellow ranchers disagree. Overhearing the argument, a dazed Katy stumbles into the room and gives her father permission to shoot the horse. Heartbroken by her words, Rob goes outside and begins to cry as he finally understands his daughter\'s feelings and her pain. Later, a gunshot is heard and Katy bursts into tears, thinking Flicka is dead. The next morning, Nell finds Rob walking back to the house, supporting the injured Flicka. She runs outside to help and finds out that the gunshot was him shooting at the mountain lion. Both are stunned that the mare is still alive and decide not to put her down. Katy\'s fever breaks and over the next couple of days, she begins to recover. As he watches over his daughter, Rob finds the story that Katy had been writing about Flicka and begins reading it, eventually typing the story and sending it to the school so that Katy can pass for the year. When Katy wakes from the fever, she and Rob reconcile and he takes her to see Flicka, whom Katy is shocked to see is alive. Rob also apologizes to Howard and gives his son his blessing. Thrilled, Howard begins preparing for college. As a family, they decide to not sell the ranch, making it both a working ranch and a refuge for wild mustangs.'] ["Willow Creek, Alaska is going through problems because the town's main business, a cannery, has closed and many residents no longer have jobs. Ray and Pete are brothers; although they share the same profession , they are different as day and night. Pete  is trying to figure out what to do with his rebellious son Michael , who is angry that his dad is always on the road trucking; meantime, he also has to deal with Ray (played by [[John Schneider , a troublesome recluse who has problems of his own, including a pregnant spouse, who had left Pete for Ray in the first place. Ray and Pete are hired by an old friend Al  to bring Christmas presents and a very big surprise from California all the way up to his home town of Willow Creek, Alaska. The brothers do not realize that they will have to rely on one another and along the way, the brothers and Pete's son argue and get stuck in a blizzard; meanwhile Ray's wife goes into labor. As she gives birth, they finally reconcile with each other, and arrive at their destination greeted by a crowd of happy townspeople. Earlier in the movie, it is discovered that Ray was a champion chili cooker, and the surprise is that Al has loaded the truck with enough supplies to reopen the cannery and manufacture chili. Ray and his spouse like the small town and decide to stay and help the cannery get working again. Pete informs his son that Al has made him a partner in their company, so he won't have to drive a truck anymore and they can be closer together from here on out."] ['Dan and Laura Miller  have been married for several years, but their relationship begins to change when their only son, Adam , loses his hearing at the age of four. At first his parents accept this change because Laura is deaf herself. Though later, Dan begins to explore the idea that with a surgical procedure and cochlear implants his son may be able to hear once again. A rift forms between Dan and Laura when Dan starts to favor the procedure and Laura and her deaf parents oppose it. Soon what opens up is a larger issue of deaf pride, also ethical issues around Cochlear implants and its effect of the deaf culture, as Laura\'s father Max, a deaf pride advocate, puts it, "The majority always thinks each minority wants to be like them", as he doesn\'t consider deafness a disability, and hence remains against the implants. Dan on the other hand sees this a deaf prejudice against him, and hearing people, when he simply wants to give his son a better future. Soon, they take the dispute to a child custody hearing, but in the end decide to work it out on their own and stay a family.Sweet Nothing in My Ear Variety.<ref name10976 Sweet Nothing in My Ear] The Hollywood Reporter.Overview New York Times.'] ["Ken McLaughlin's  mare Flicka gives birth to an all-white colt that, unknown to Ken's dad, Rob , was actually sired by a neighboring rancher's thoroughbred racehorse, Appalachia, rather than Rob's own stallion, Banner. Ken's mother, Nell , names the colt Thunderhead after the billowing white clouds she sees overhead. Ken trains Thunderhead as a race horse, but the colt suffers an injury during his first race, ending his racing career. Meawhile, the Albino, a wild stallion that has been raiding local ranchers' herds for years, steals Rob McLaughlin's best mares and kills Banner, putting the family near bankruptcy. The Albino is also Thunderhead's grand-sire. Rob, Ken, and the ranch hands search for the mares, but during the night, Thunderhead gets loose and runs off. Tracking Thunderhead on foot to a secluded valley, Ken discovers the Albino's herd, including his father's horses. The Albino attacks Ken, but Thunderhead fights and kills the Albino, saving Ken's life. Rob and the others arrive as Thunderhead rounds up the Albino's herd, heading them to the McLaughlin ranch. But once there, Thunderhead is uneasy. Rob tells Ken that Thunderhead is a king now and wants to roam his realm. Ken removes Thunderhead's halter, freeing him."] ["The movie starts with Kamal getting released from prison after serving a sentence on a rape charge. Ambika and Radha are sisters and are heirs to a wealthy business. Ambika looks after the business after their parents died while Radha is a student. Kamal meets Radha and soon they fall in love with each other while Ambika has sworn off all men.Jaishankar is their uncle who is after their wealth. When Radha brings Kamal home to meet her sister, both Kamal and Ambika have a big fight which ends is Ambika forbidding Radha from seeing Kamal ever again. Ambika then reveals the reason behind the fight. Years earlier, Kamal and Ambika were classmates and Ambika had a crush on him which Kamal never reciprocated. While on a class trip, Ambika gives a note to Kamal that asks him to meet her in his room. Ambika claims that, that night, Kamal entered her room and both had consensual sex, but Kamal denied it and refused to marry her. So she bought up rape charges against him and sent him to prison. But soon the truth comes out. During the class trip, Kamal never received the note which fell on Jaishankar’s son, Raj kumar, who was also their classmate. Raj, lusting after Ambika, uses this opportunity to enter Ambika’s room on the pretext of being Kamal and has sex with her. Since Raj disconnected electricity in her room and the room was very dark, Ambika didn’t know the difference. Kamal, forgives Ambika and gets back with Radha while the bad guys are punished. The movie paired Ambika and her real-life sister Radha in roles of sisters on-screen. Nadia was first offered the role of the younger sister. She refused it and the role went to Radha. The two sisters delivered stunning performances that are fondly remembered by a generation of fans. Ambika played the role of a young and beautiful, yet strong and single woman with aplomb. In this role she plays a dominating business tycoon with a powerful personality. She portrays a controlling and protective older sister for younger Radha, while simultaneously demonstrating a highly glamorous and desirable personality herself. Very soon, in a flashback, she displays a totally different personality as a pretty and carefree college girl, switching between the two roles effortlessly. The director does a beautiful job of selecting scenes that portray all the varying aspects of Ambika's varied persona in the movie, such as a scene that puts her in a corporate boss role, a scene that has her questioning her sister protectively, a scene that shows her caring side in a poor children's home and a scene that underscores her youth and physical beauty in the dressing room. Radha also looks her best in the movie, an actress at the height of her commercial success, totally confident and comfortable about pairing up with her more experienced sister. She refuses to be overshadowed by her elder sister in the movie and comes across as a distinct and talented actress. This is surely one movie where Kamal's role and performance pales in comparison to the collective power of an outstanding performance by two of the greatest and most beautiful actresses in South."] ['In the midst of a nuclear war, the Builders of the underground "City of Ember" place secret instructions to future generations in a small box, timed to open in 200 years. The box is thrust into the hands of the mayor of the underground complex. Each mayor, in turn, passes the box onto his or her successor. When the box has 47 more years left on the time-lock, the mayor holding the box dies suddenly. The significance of the box had not been explained to anyone else, and the mayor\'s family places it in a junk-filled closet. When it finally reaches year 200, the time-lock clicks open, but the event goes unnoticed. For generations, the people of Ember have lived in a huge underground complex built as a refuge for humanity. It is built into a vast cavern so high that it is filled with regular-sized buildings. Far above the tops of the buildings are banks of floodlights that light the city during the day and provide light for the greenhouses. The lights are powered by a massive generator. Now it is year 247 and Ember threatens to fall into darkness as the generator begins to fail. Blackouts are occurring with increasing frequency and last longer each time. There\'s also a major shortage of canned goods and light bulbs. At a rite of passage for all graduating students called Assignment Day, the mayor  stands before the graduating students as they choose, by lottery, what their occupations will be. Lina , a young girl dreaming to be a messenger, is assigned "Pipeworks Laborer" and Doon  is assigned "Messenger". The two swap occupations. Lina goes home to find her grandmother searching for something in the closet, which turns out to be the lost metal box. Unable to piece the torn papers inside the box together, Lina nevertheless resolves to decipher their meaning and enlists Doon\'s help. As blackouts become more frequent, Lina and Doon realize that the information inside the box could lead to the salvation of Ember. Racing against time, the two follow the clues, cleverly maneuvering around corrupt politicians. During their flight, it turns out that their parents had once joined in an attempt to make their way beyond Ember - an attempt which ended when Lina\'s father drowned after their tunneler hit an underground river. The pair realizes the document is a set of instructions on how to escape the city, and they search for the hidden exit. They also discover that the mayor has been hoarding canned food in a secret room. When they report the theft, they are declared traitors. Now on the run from the mayor\'s police, the pair puts their escape plan into action. They fetch Poppy, Lina\'s younger sister, and follow the instructions, which leads them to the surface where they see and feel the natural air and sky for the first time. At first, they despair, because it is dark and they assume that they haven\'t escaped, but they do not realize it is nighttime. In the morning, as the sun rises, they gaze in amazement at the glowing sun and blue sky. They then tie a message of their discovery to a rock and drop it back down to the city, where it is found by Doon\'s father .'] ["The movie shows the story of conflict between a young independently minded man and his stepfather, a ruthless tobacco tycoon. Young Parrish McLean and his mother live on Sala Post's tobacco plantation in the state of Connecticut. His mother marries Post's ambitious rival, Judd Raike, who then sets about ruining Post. They were growing Connecticut Shade Tobacco, extensively visible in some scenes."] ["The Hotel New Hampshire is narrated by John Berry  and opens in flashback to the time when his parents met and fell in love while working summer jobs at a New England hotel around World War II. They are brought together by Freud , a European refugee who travels with a performing bear. In the 1950s, Win Berry  and his wife  have five children, John , Franny , Frank , Lilly , and Egg . The Berrys decide to open a hotel near the prep school that John, Franny, and Frank attend; they call it the Hotel New Hampshire. John loses his virginity to the hotel waitress. Frank comes out to Franny and John; Franny is raped by big man on campus Chip Dove  and his buddies, and is rescued by Junior Jones  and other black members of the school football team; John confesses that he's in love with Franny; the family dog, Sorrow, dies and Frank has him stuffed. Sorrow's reappearance at Christmas causes Berry grandfather Iowa Bob  to suffer a fatal heart attack. A letter arrives from Austria. It's Freud, inviting the Berrys to move to Vienna and run Freud's gasthaus. The family flies to Europe; tragically, the plane carrying Mrs. Berry and Egg explodes, killing them. In Vienna, the family moves into the gasthaus and renames it Hotel New Hampshire. An upper floor houses prostitutes and the basement is occupied by radicals of various political stripes. Assisting Freud, who has gone blind, is Susie the Bear , a young lesbian who lives her life almost completely in a bear costume. One of the radicals, Ernst, resembles Chipper Dove  and Franny becomes infatuated with him. Susie and John, who are both in love with Franny, try to keep her away from him. Susie is initially successful in seducing Franny but soon she ends up with Ernst. Lilly, who is a dwarf, begins writing a novel called Trying to Grow. One of the radicals, Miss Miscarriage , grows very fond of the family, and especially of Lilly. She invites John to her flat and sleeps with him, then warns him to get the family out of Vienna. For her trouble, another of the radicals murders her. Back at the hotel, John and the rest of the family are caught up in the radicals' plan to blow up the Vienna State Opera with a car bomb. The blind Freud, to spare the family, volunteers to drive with one of the radicals. As he leaves, the Berrys attack the remaining radicals and Freud detonates the bomb right outside the hotel. Ernst is killed and Win is blinded in the explosion. Hailed as heroes by the Austrians, the Berry family decides to return home. Lilly's novel is published and the interest in the Berry's story leads to a biopic, written by Lilly and starring Franny as herself. The Berrys are in New York City when John and Susie run into Chipper Dove on the streets. They lure him to their hotel suite and take their revenge upon him, including apparently having Susie sodomize him while she's in her bear costume, until Franny calls it off. Meanwhile, John's love for Franny has not abated. She finally calls him over to her room and, in hopes of getting him over it once and for all, has sex with him for almost a day. Franny's Hollywood career is beginning to take off, with Frank acting as her agent and with Junior Jones back in the picture, but Lilly's writing career has stalled. Her second novel is not well received and, depressed and suffering from writer's block, she takes her own life. As the film draws to a close, John is staying with his father at the latest Hotel New Hampshire, which stands empty. Susie comes to stay with them and she and John become involved. Win heartily approves because, as he puts it, every hotel needs a bear."] ["The film follows the adventures of Shetan, a young black Arabian colt. After a band of robbers separates a young Arabian girl named Neera  from her father, she finds herself alone in the desert. Before too long, a mysterious black colt comes to her rescue. The two quickly form a special bond, and the horse returns Neera to her grandfather. Once Neera is back home, the stallion disappears. Neera greets her grandfather Ben Ishak  and her cousin Aden  eagerly, but is disappointed and upset when she find out that her grandfather's horse breeding days are over. Ben Ishak informs Neera that because of the shootings in the desert, his fields are ruined, and he can no longer afford to keep any of his horses. He kept an old plow-horse, Abha, and set his most precious mare Jinah free. We find out later that Jinah was Shetan's mother. A year passes, but the black stallion does not return. Neera’s grandfather tells her that the horse was probably nothing more than a product of her imagination. But Neera knows better. She thinks the stallion is the lost horse of the desert, a legend born of the sands and sired by the night sky. Then, one night, the colt appears again. In an attempt to help her grandfather start a breeding farm again, Neera joins a grueling cross-country race against the finest horses of Arabia for a purse of the most exceptional Arabian mares. Shetan, the black stallion, is trained, and Neera rides him in the competition to restore her grandfather's money and respect. In the end, Neera wins, and Shetan is reunited with his mother."] [" A Gram Panchayat  in rural India facilitates the functioning of the Makkala Samiti  – a children’s body elected by the children themselves. The committee acts as a pressure group in trying to get the local governance react to various social issues that it raises. Guided by a sympathetic school teacher, the children’s honesty and persistency ruffles many feathers among the adults, some of whom have been using the ‘Makkala Samiti’ for their own needs. What follows is a subtle cat and mouse game, by the end of which the children hope to get their voice heard. The film subtly speaks about the Children's rights to self governance and the pathetic attitude we adults have towards this issue."] ["A journalist for a struggling television station travels to Africa to meet conservationist and filmmaker John Varty, who has been following a mother leopard for several years. She believes this would make an interesting story for the station's viewers. However, things don't work out as planned as one of the station's executives is trying to stop her filming idea and the unfortunate death of the mother leopard."] ['An American boy and girl, spending six months in Kenya with their scientist parents, adopt a female cheetah they call Duma, only to realize that they must set her free so that she can learn to hunt and be free. However, when their pet is captured by poachers planning to race her against greyhounds, the two city kids, together with a young African goat herder they befriended, head off into the wild to rescue Duma.'] ['Three very different siblings: Hans-Jörg a librarian who is a sex addict; Werner a politician in a troubled marriage with a son who enjoys to discredit his father; Martin who is now Agnes after having a gender reassignment operation. Agnes works as a dancer and is suffering from unrequited love.'] ['Amid a haze of cigarette smoke and uneaten food, the family of Enda Doyle  gathers in Dublin for his wake. A university librarian, poet, and complicated man, he has left behind a trail of unresolved issues, a dysfunctional family, and a disturbing mystery. Red Roses and Petrol, a darkly comic feature film by director Tamar Simon Hoffs, explores the emotional twists and turns of familial relationships. Enda’s dazed widow, Moya , anxiously prepares for the next day’s funeral with her still stuck-at-home, twenty-something daughter Medbh  , lending a loving hand. Moya’s desperation to keep her family together and Medbh’s sharp tongue provide the backdrop for the arrival from New York of headstrong older sister Catherine , with her handsome but awkward boyfriend Tom ([[Greg Ellis  in tow. They doubt that London-based Johnny , the angry black sheep brother of the family, will appear at all. Sorting through boxes of Enda’s books, the women discover a cache of self-recorded video diaries that might shed light on who Enda Doyle really was, and some of the secrets of his life that he was never able to share with them. At the funeral, the daughters see a distraught young woman from the university, Helen , rumored to be having an affair with Enda. They’re stunned that she would show up so brazenly at a family gathering for the deceased Enda. Returning home, they find Johnny emerging half-naked from the shower, after a quick tryst with a stewardess he met on his flight from London. A brilliant, wounded slacker, Johnny manages to irritate everyone to the edge of violence with his biting and sarcastic recall of the family’s long buried memories. Johnny’s confrontational behavior and bitter assessment of life with father, incite the clan into what can only be called unchecked family therapy. Throughout the ensuing arguments, which reach a fevered pitch as the family gets inebriated waiting for guests to arrive for the wake, we learn about the powerful and ambiguous force that was Enda Doyle. Finally, Catherine cannot contain herself and accuses Moya of being blind to her husband’s infidelity and by extension causing great harm to herself and her children. In a surprising twist, Enda’s own videotapes give the family the answers they returned home to find.'] ["New Jersey landscape gardener Jim Winters is struggling to raise his sons, high school student Peter and older Gabe, as a single father. Gabe announces he is leaving home to move to Tampa, Florida, although he's vague about both his reason for doing so and what he plans to do there once he arrives. Instead of discussing his plans with his devoted girlfriend Stacey, he plans to drop her. Aware of what he has in mind, she quietly retreats from him to make it difficult for him to achieve his goal. Peter, who was in the car with his mother when she was killed in an accident five years earlier, is a rebellious, hearing-impaired underachiever doing poorly in school, despite the efforts of his teacher Mr. Bricker, who urges him to work harder to meet his potential. Jim helps new neighbor Molly Ripkin move some cartons. Later she asks him and his sons to dinner. Her invitation is the catalyst that upsets the delicate equilibrium they have been maintaining as each tries to deal with his loss and painful memories in his own way."] ["A writer, Ned Kendall , is returning to the remote and isolated family home inhabited by his sister Sally , to say goodbye to his father, Bruce , who is dying. Ned also brings his fiancee, Toni , who has trouble getting used to the isolation and harshness of rural Australia. Ned starts reliving memories of his childhood, many involving his beautiful twin sister Kate  and his older brother Cliff . These memories awaken long-buried secrets from the family's past. He begins writing, and his fiance reads that he had an awkward sexual encounter with Kate, and leaves him without giving him a chance to explain. Kate continues to entice Ned despite his obvious revulsion, and after a drunken night out with friends, the young Ned  goes for a swim in the family dam. He is joined by Kate, who seduces and subsequently has sex with him on the banks of the dam. Ned shows immediate remorse while Kate remains unperturbed. After Ned's refusal to have further sexual relations with Kate, Kate instigates a fight between the brothers by suggesting that Ned made unwanted advances towards her. As punishment, Bruce makes Ned accompany Kate to the Christmas dance. During the dance, Ned leaves Kate, who is left to go home with Cliff. Ned leaves separately and on his way home he finds his sister's dead body in Cliff's crashed car, and then finds that Cliff has hung himself. Fearing that Ned will tell Bruce the truth about Kate, Sally reveals that she knew of Ned and Kate's secret. She also reveals that the car's clock stopped on impact of the crash and no one could figure out what took Kate and Cliff so long to get home from the Christmas dance. Sally speculates that Kate also had sexual relations with Cliff, who then crashed the car in which Kate dies. She tells Ned she believes that Cliff's guilt from his part in Kate's death was multiplied knowing he had committed incest. But Bruce still believes that Kate was an innocent victim, the best of his children, and she doesn't want him shattered with the truth. Ned then makes amends with Bruce and says that he is sorry for blaming him over Cliff's suicide. He doesn't tell Bruce the truth about Kate and lets him die still believing that Kate was everything he thought she was. Before he leaves, he tells Sally that Bruce died never knowing that she was his greatest achievement."] ["The drama tells the story of Lennon's ([[Aaron Johnson  teenage years from 1955–1960 and the start of his journey to becoming a successful musician. The story also examines the impact on his early life and personality of the two dominant females in his childhood – his Aunt Mimi , and his mother, Julia .<ref namehttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/7587671.stm|title29 August 2008|publisher5 March 2009}} In addition, the film shows the first meeting of Lennon with future Beatles Paul McCartney  and George Harrison , and the development of their friendship and musical partnership."] ['Marta de la Cruz is the daughter of two hardworking Mexican immigrants. She and her two siblings were born in the United States and are living in Los Angeles. They are a working-class family, and their hardworking father, Samuel, is the opperations manager of a steel mill that makes chain link fences. He has been working hard for much of his life, and the work finally paid off when they became legal citizens. They also have a close relationship with their next-door neighbor Jorge, who is struggling to find work because he has no papers. Marta is seen as spoiled, immature, and somewhat naive, but she wants to have an amazing quinceanera, as her friends are all having one. Her parents tell her that she may have to postpone it, because of financial problems, when in reality, they are not legal citizens, and they need to save money in case Samuel\'s boss, Mr. Waterman  finds out and he is left jobless. Marta does not understand the situation and is very angry and upset. Her jealousy only increases when she is forced to get a job in the immigration department of their church to volunteer in the community. She continues to plan, however, determined to have her "quince". Also, her friends are busy hitting on her handsome, distant cousin Ramón from New York who just arrived in California. They are pressuring Marta to dance with him at her quince, but she is too shy, and Ramon is struggling with his inability to read or write. Samuel knows that he has earned his citizenship, as he has worked hard and lived in America for over a decade, but as he has no papers, there is no way that anybody can know that. While working at the church one day, Marta discovers that Samuel is an illegal, and begins getting very worried and touchy about the subject. The same day, despite Samuel\'s warnings, Jorge gets a job at a warehouse that has a reputation for deporting illegal employes on pay day. Samuel does not want Marta dating Ramón, but she goes behind his back and enlists him for help in getting all of Samuel\'s previous employer\'s signatures, so he can get his papers. Meanwhile, Jorge is deported to Mexico when he fails to present his papers, which he does not have. Also, at Samuel\'s plant, more and more employees are being fired or deported, and Samuel fears he may be next, so he is hard at work trying to find a second job, one that does not require papers. She gets all but one signature, and goes to an auto salvage yard for the last one, but the manager is rude and stubbornly refuses to sign the papers. Marta is persistant, and the manager has a change of heart and manages to sign the papers. Also, Ramón learns how to read and surprises Marta with it. She presents her father with his signatures, and he sends them in for their papers. Soon after, he is given his temporary papers to show at his job, as it will be a while before their permanent papers arrive. Samuel thanks his daughter and they embrace. However, Marta is soon told that they found that she had been tampering with the files and she has to go inside. As she goes in, expecting the worst, she discovers that it was all part of her surprise quince. She dances with Ramón, whom her father now respects. Marta, having grown up and changed considerably from spoiled to respectful during the journey, she embraces her newlyfound womanhood.'] ["Talented but troubled high school rugby player Rick Penning  loses his position as the star of an Arizona rugby union team when he is sentenced to a boys' Juvenile Detention Center in Salt Lake City.{{cite web}} Rick ends up playing for Salt Lake's notable Highland rugby team, coached by Larry Gelwix , in the national championships—against his old team, who is coached by his father, Richard Penning . Emily  is Rick's love interest, and Marcus  is his guidance counselor."] ["A doctor releases actress Georgia Hines from a rehab center, where she has been undergoing treatment for alcoholism. Georgia attempts to return to a somewhat normal life, but teenaged daughter Polly has moved in with her, close friends Jimmy and Toby come to her with a variety of problems, and ex-husband David Lowe wants her to star in a play he has written based on their married life. Georgia's increasing stress leads to a relapse, beginning with drinking in secret and ultimately resulting in her sitting at a bar, where she is picked up by a stranger who then beats her up. Polly's patience is at an end by the time Georgia realizes what she is about to lose."] ['{{Expand section}} Three brothers live at home with their parents and work at the family restaurant. The Father sells the restaurant without letting the brothers know. One brother, angry with the father, leaves to find another job. The father subsequently dies from a heart attack.'] ["Leo Handler  rides the subway to a his mother's house in Queens, New York, where she has thrown a surprise party in honor of his parole. His cousin Erica  is at the party with her boyfriend Willie Gutierrez . Willie takes Leo aside and thanks him for serving time in prison, implying that Leo had taken a fall for their gang of friends. Leo is eager to find a job to support his mother , who has a heart condition. Willie suggests working for Erica's stepfather Frank Olchin ([[James Caan . The next day, Leo meets with Frank at the railway car repair company that he owns. Frank encourages him to enter a 2-year machinist program and offers to help finance his studies. Needing to work right away, Leo asks about working with Willie at the company. Frank discourages that idea. Later, Willie tells Leo not to worry about it, because Frank tried to get him to enroll in a machinist program as well. Willie invites Leo to watch him work the next day. At Brooklyn Borough Hall, Willie explains how corrupt the contract system is for repair work on the subway. After a hearing to award contracts, Willie is approached by Hector Gallardo  about leaving Frank's firm for his. Willie brushes him off, and he takes Leo with him to Roosevelt Island where he bribes the official in charge of awarding contracts. One night, Willie takes Leo with him to a rail yard, where he and a gang sabotage the work of Gallardo's firm, in order to lower their quality rating and lessen their ability to get contracts. Willie tells Leo to stand watch while the crew sabotages the train couplings. Meanwhile, Willie heads into the yard master's office to pay him off with Knicks tickets. The yard master tells Willie to get his crew off the tracks, because Gallardo had brought him $2,000 in cash earlier in the week. The yard master sounds the alarm, which draws a police officer to the tracks where he sees Leo. Terrified of returning to jail, Leo tries to run. When the cop begins to hit Leo with his night stick, Leo fights back and beats the cop into unconsciousness. As he runs off, he sees Willie in the office killing the yard master. As the cop lies in a coma at a hospital, the crew tells Leo that he must murder him, to prevent him from identifying Leo when he wakes up. They warn Leo that if the cop lives, then they will have to kill Leo. At the hospital, Leo is too scared to murder the cop, and he flees. When the cop awakes, he identifies Leo as his attacker, triggering a broad manhunt. The police assume that Leo is also responsible for the yard master's murder. When the police raid his mother's apartment, she has a heart attack, leaving her in an even weaker state. Even though Willie has told him to lay low, Leo emerges from hiding to visit his sick mother. Erica is tending to her, and she asks Leo if Willie was with him at the train yards. She realizes that it was Willie who actually killed the yard master, and she breaks off their engagement. Erica sets up a meeting between Leo and Frank, but Leo realizes that Frank is prepared to kill him. Out of options, Leo turns to Gallardo for protection. With Gallardo's lawyers at his side, Leo turns himself in at a public hearing into the rail yard incident and contract corruption. Realizing that Leo's testimony is in no one's interest, Frank and Gallardo negotiate a new split of the contracts with the Queens Borough President in a backroom deal. Meanwhile, Willie visits Erica, trying to win her back. Frank told him that Erica and Leo had been in love when they were younger, and they were caught having sex. Fearful of the broken-hearted and jealous Willie, Erica triggers the house alarm. Willie tries to embrace her, and as she pulls away, a scuffle ensues. Willie accidentally throws Erica off the second floor landing, causing her to fall to her death. Outside the house, he surrenders to the police who have responded to the alarm. Erica's death emboldens Leo to ignore the deal that Frank and his cronies brokered. The film closes with him testifying against everyone involved in the corruption."] ['Small-town New Providence, New Jersey attorney Mike Flaherty  moonlights as a wrestling coach and struggles to keep his practice solvent, while shielding his wife Jackie  and their two young girls, Abby and Stella, from the extent of the problem. When his court-appointed client, Leo Poplar , who is suffering from early dementia, turns out to have no locatable relatives, he persuades a judge to appoint him as guardian, for which he will receive a stipend of $1,500 per month. When Leo\'s troubled teenage grandson, Kyle  shows up from Columbus, Ohio looking to live with him, Mike and Jackie let him stay with them, as Mike has moved Leo to a senior care facility. Kyle tries to break into Leo\'s old house, and when Mike and Jackie question him about it, he reveals his troubled family life. His mom is in rehab, she lives with her boyfriend, and he doesn\'t want to go back. After Kyle sits in on practice, they discover that he is a talented wrestler, and enroll him at Mike\'s high school, where he can resume his education and wrestle on Mike\'s losing team, helping to make them viable contenders in their league. This "everyone benefits" setup is disrupted when Kyle\'s mother Cindy  shows up, fresh out of rehab. Cindy attempts to gain custody of her father and her son, and with them her father\'s substantial estate. When Kyle learns that Mike had originally promised to keep Leo in his home but has instead moved him to a nursing home, the boy rejects him as a money-seeking opportunist no better than his mother. Realizing the mistake of his earlier actions, and seeking instead to do what\'s best for both Leo and Kyle, Mike offers Cindy the monthly stipend in exchange for leaving them in his care. He and Jackie take Kyle into their home permanently and return Leo to his, with Mike instead taking a bartending job to address his financial problems.'] ['The film focuses on 10-year-old Devon Stockard , a precocious and lonely young girl who has recently moved into a gated community called Camelot Gardens with her parents, Morton and Clare . Recently having recovered from open heart surgery, Devon is encouraged by her parents to make friends, and she is pushed to sell cookies for a charity event for the summer. While selling cookies, Devon leaves the gated community against the instruction of her mother, and meets Trent Burns , a poor man who lives in a trailer in the woods, and who does landscaping work in Camelot Gardens. An imaginative child, Devon imagines her life to be like the fable of Baba Yaga, a fairytale which the film makes parallels to. Devon, at first an annoyance to Trent, continues to come to his property and slowly befriends him; despite the innocence of their friendship, he insists that she keep it a secret due to their age difference. While working in Camelot Gardens, Trent begins having altercations with two young men who live there; Brett , who is having an affair with Devon\'s mother; and Sean , a closeted gay man who flirts with Trent. During a family barbecue, Brett attempts to molest Devon in the garage, but she escapes. She tells her parents about the incident, but then insists that Brett was only trying to tickle her. Clare begins to notice Devon\'s apparent friendship with Trent when he comes to do lawn work at their house, and becomes alarmed. Meanwhile, Brett and Sean terrorize Trent by pouring sugar in the fuel tank of his lawnmower and start a fight with him after they wrongfully believe he stole CDs from Sean\'s car. Devon and Trent\'s friendship continues to grow, and the two go to visit Trent\'s mother  and his father , a Korean War veteran who is dying of a lung disease. After leaving Trent\'s parents\' house, Trent and Devon go for a drive in the country. While stopped in a field, Devon insists that since the two are "best friends", she can show him her surgical scar on her chest. She asks him to touch it to his reluctance, and then demands that he show her his abdominal scar which he sustained in a shooting. After showing each other their scars, the two see Sean\'s dog running through the field, having escaped. While trying to chase the dog down in the truck, they accidentally run him over. Trent kills the badly-injured dog in spite of Devon\'s pleads for him not to, and she runs home in a panic over the incident. Clare and Morton, concerned over Devon\'s frantic behavior, ask her what happened, but she refuses to provide details, only saying that Trent killed Sean\'s dog and mentions that she and Trent took turns showing each other their scars. Assuming that Trent molested her, Morton drives out to Trent\'s property with Devon, assisted by Sean and an ex-cop who is a security guard in Camelot Gardens. The three men confront Trent while Devon sits in the car. Morton and Sean take turns beating Trent, and Morton accuses him of raping Devon. Morton attacks Trent with a piece of wood, beating him to the ground, and hands it to Sean; but before Sean can hit him, Devon exits the car with her father\'s handgun, obtained from the glovebox, and shoots Sean in the abdomen. As Sean bleeds to death on the ground, Devon urges Trent to leave, and they say their goodbyes. Armed with her father\'s gun, Devon orders her dad to lift her up into a tree that she and Trent had decorated with ribbons, and she imagines a river and a forest rising up behind Trent as he drives away, protecting him as he escapes.'] ["In June 1934, Kit Kittredge  is determined to become a reporter, and she writes articles on the typewriter in her attic while drama unfolds beneath her. The mortgage on her house is about to be foreclosed because her father  lost his car dealership and couldn't keep up with the payments. He has gone to Chicago, Illinois to search for work, and to make some income her mother  takes in an odd assortment of boarders, including magician Mr. Berk , dance instructor Miss Dooley , and mobile library driver Miss Bond . Locally there have been reports of muggings and robberies supposedly committed by hobos. Kit investigates and meets young Will  and Countee , who live in a hobo jungle near the Ohio River and Erie Lackawanna Railway. Kit writes a story about the camp and tries to sell it to Mr. Gibson , the mean editor of the Cincinnati newspaper, but he has no interest in the subject. She adopts a dog, her mother buys chickens, and Kit sells their eggs. Then a locked box containing her mother's treasures is stolen, and a footprint with a star matching the one on Will's boot is discovered, making him the prime suspect. The sheriff goes to find Will and Countee. However, Will and Countee have left the hobo jungle. It's up to Kit and her friends Stirling  and Ruthie  to gather enough evidence to prove that Will is innocent and Mr. Berk is the guilty party. Kit becomes a local hero. They found out that Countee has been pretending to be a boy. On Thanksgiving the hobos bring food to Kit's mother and Kit's father returns home. Mr. Gibson arrives to show Kit she is in print in Cincinnati's major daily newspaper."] ["Marquan Hunter  is a drug addict who is addicted to crack cocaine. The film starts with her breastfeeding her baby in an abandoned squat. As she lays the child down to leave, the other squatters tell her that she can't leave the baby there crying. Khaila takes the child outside and hides him in a box in the trash so that she can go get high. She promises to come back, puts a board over the box, and leaves. The next morning, the trash is being collected and everything is thrown in the garbage truck, but at the last moment the workers see the baby lying in the box and the infant is taken to the hospital. At the hospital, a social worker named Margaret Lewin , finds out that the baby was born addicted to crack cocaine and that his name is Isaiah. She develops a strong bond with him and decides to bring him home to live with her husband and daughter. In the meanwhile, Khaila wakes up and notices that her breasts are leaking milk but her baby is not there. She runs to the garbage hysterical and starts rooting through the trash looking for Isaiah. A bum comes out and tells her to leave saying that there had been enough ruckus that morning with police talking about dead babies. After realizing what has happened, she leaves. Later that night, she is arrested for shoplifting and enters a rehab program. The film cuts to three years later and Isaiah has been officially adopted by the Lewins. Khaila is clean and rents a room in an apartment. She goes to a facility and meets her case worker who is teaching her to read. While reading a book about a pregnant woman, she breaks down and confesses to her caseworker that she put her baby in the trash. Khaila then learns through her caseworker that her baby is still alive, so they hire the lawyer Kadar Lewis  to contest the adoption. A lengthy court battle ensues which quickly turns into a broader issue of race. In the end, the court decides to give custody back to Khaila. Isaiah fights when forced to leave the Lewins and doesn't adjust well to living with Khaila. Khaila realizes that Isaiah does not consider her his mother eventually calls Margaret and tells her that she is going to let Isaiah live with them until he understands what's going on. She states that all she cares about is Isaiah and she wants him to be happy. Margaret and Khaila hug and walk in as Isaiah runs and embraces Margaret. The two sit down and watch Isaiah play as the camera zooms out."] ['The year is 1910; the place, the badlands of Northeast Brazil. Twenty-year-old Tonho is the middle son of an impoverished farm family, the Breves. He is next in line to kill and then die in an ongoing blood feud with a neighboring clan, the Ferreiras. For generations, the two families have quarreled over land. Now they are locked into a series of tit-for-tat assassinations of their sons; an eye-for-an-eye, a tooth-for-a-tooth. Embedded in this choreography of death is a particular code of ethics: "Blood has the same volume for everyone. You have no right to take more blood than was taken from you." Life is suffused with a sense of futility and stoic despair. Under pressure from his father, Tonho kills one of the Ferreira sons to avenge the murder of his older brother. This act marks him as the next victim. Tonho\'s younger brother is addressed only as "the Kid" by the family. Anticipating future loss, his parents don\'t give him a name. The Kid is an imaginative and loving child, whose spirit will not break in the face of harsh parenting, brutalizing isolation, and numbing poverty. The Kid\'s love encourages Tonho to question his fate. When Tonho meets Clara, a charming itinerant circus girl, all of life\'s possibilities open up for him.'] ["Across the Tracks is the story of two brothers who have gone very different ways in their past, and who now must learn to deal with each other again. Joe  is the older of the two. He is a good student and runner set on winning a track scholarship to Stanford University. Billy , on the other hand, is a delinquent involved in drugs and crime. As the story begins, he has just been released from reform school after serving time for a failed attempt at car theft. While Billy tries to make amends for his past life, it is not an easy task. Joe still holds a lot of resentment for what Billy has put their widowed mother  through, and feels that Billy's return is an unnecessary strain on their family. Forced to attend another high school on the other side of town, Billy tries to stay out of trouble, but his old rivals force him into a fight on his first day, which gets him into trouble with the school authorities. Billy's friend Louie , a highly alluring drug dealer who was also involved in the car theft that got Billy sent to reform school, wants him to return to his life as a criminal. It seems that only Billy and Joe's mother believes that Billy can become a valuable member of society and offers Billy full support.  Joe mockingly suggests to Billy that he try out for his school track team, figuring that nothing will come of it. Nevertheless, Billy asks the coach at his school for a tryout even though the track season is two months old and only two months remain until the county meet. Billy hardly looks like a track star in his black high top Chucks and greased back long hair, but during the tryout he demonstrates surprising speed, running an 800m race at 2:04.  Impressed, the coach immediately puts Billy on the team. Joe is very much impressed by this, and the two start to bond, especially after Joe goes out and buys him a special pair of track shoes as a gift. Billy's speed soon makes him a contender for the county record for the 800m event . Since Billy attends a rival school to Joe's, the brothers compete in a big meet which will help determine whether or not Joe receives that scholarship to Stanford. With the pressure on Joe to prove that he is the best runner in the county, Joe has trouble handling the competition. The outcome of this dilemma and the determination of Billy's low-life friends to get some revenge for Billy's abandoning them for the straight life come together as the two brothers attempt to overcome the adversity caused by these outside influences and solidify their relationship with each other. Joe ends up shattering the record with Billy coming in a close second."] ['George Monroe, a fabricator of architectural models, is fired from the job he has held for twenty years when he refuses to fall into step with his co-workers and use the computer technology available to them. In a fit of rage at his boss\' refusal to let George keep the models that he had built, he destroys all of the models with a bat, keeping only one for himself. As he exits the building, he collapses on the pavement and is rushed to the hospital, where it is revealed he has cancer of such an advanced stage that the doctor feels any treatment would be futile. Liberated from a job he hated and funded by his severance package, George decides the time has come to demolish the ramshackle home left to him by his father and replace it with a house more in keeping with the ambiance of his upscale neighborhood. He decides to enlist the aid of his son, angst-ridden and self-loathing Sam, a rebellious, pill-popping, glue-sniffing teenager with blue hair, makeup, and a number of piercings. Sam is alienated from his stepfather Peter and his mother Robin finds herself unable to cope. Against his will, Sam must spend the summer with George, who has opted not to reveal his terminal condition, and help him with what will be the final project of his life. Sam is not happy to be forced to stay with George and makes it a point not to help him with the house\'s construction. In return, George refuses to give him any money and makes him shower outside. In attempt to gain money to fund his drugs, Sam turns to prostitution, however he is caught and forced to flee. This leads him to take George\'s vicodin. As time passes, George slowly reconnects with Sam. Robin decides to assist as well, and she begins to find herself rediscovering the man she once loved. Also joining in the construction are Alyssa, Sam\'s classmate who lives in the house next door with her mother Colleen; local policeman Kurt Walker, George\'s childhood friend; Sam\'s young half-brothers Adam and Ryan; various neighbors; and eventually Peter, even after separating from Robin when it becomes apparent she has renewed feelings for her ex-husband. Eventually, George tells Robin of his disease, sending her into a shock. That same night, he tells Sam, who reacts with feelings of betrayal and accusing George of being selfish. George responds by saying "No, Sam I wasn\'t trying to get you to like me. I was trying to get you to love me," making Sam even angrier at the betrayal and leading him to take refuge at Alyssa\'s house. During that night, George collapses in his garage/shack and is found by Robin the following morning. Complications arise when cantankerous neighbor David Dokos tries to halt construction because the building\'s height exceeds the allowable limit by six inches. His plans to halt the project are stopped by Sam, who recognises him from his prostitution attempt and subtly blackmails him with that information. As a final act of love towards his father, Sam puts Christmas lights all over the unfinished house and shows George the gleaming house from his hospital window. The next morning, Sam returns to finish the house and Robin sits beside George until his death. After a while, Robin goes to the house and tells Sam about his father\'s death. Sam, much changed by his re-engagement with his father, inherits the house he finished building, but in the closing scenes he decides to give the property to the girl who had been injured in a car crash that George\'s father had been the cause of, who was living in a trailer park, rather than occupying it himself or selling it for profit. Over a voice-over, George says his final words to Sam: "I always thought of myself as a house. I was always what I lived in. It didn\'t need to be big; it didn\'t even need to be beautiful; it just needed to be mine. I became what I was meant to be. I built myself a life... I built myself a house. Twenty-nine years ago, my father crossed a double line. Changed my life and the life of a little girl forever with that mistake. I can\'t stop thinking about her. With every crash of every wave, I hear something now. I never listened before. I\'m on the edge of a cliff, listening. Almost finished. If you were a house , Sam, this is where you would want to be built: on rock, facing the sea. Listening. Listening."'] ['Seven years after World War II, a 12-year old boy named David  escapes a Stalinist labor camp in Bulgaria where he has spent his entire life. He sets out on a risky journey to Denmark, initially believing he is on an important mission to deliver a letter, but eventually discovering that the "mission" was to reunite him with his mother, of whom he only has faint memories. Along his journey, he faces danger, fear, loneliness, hunger, and encounters various people. Johannes , his friend and mentor in the camp, who prepares him for escape, is killed by a guard, leaving David to face escape on his own. David is helped by a guard to escape, who gives him a compass and tells him he must go southwest to Greece, take a boat to Italy and finally go north to Denmark, a peaceful and neutral country. Since David was locked in a camp all his life, he has repressed feelings and trusts no one, and so feels lost and disoriented in the world. Along his journey, though he is mistreated by some people, he is well-treated by others. Gradually he learns that some people can be trusted, and to open up and experience his own feelings. Finally, with the help of decent people whom he has learned to trust, David and his mother are reunited.'] ['The Burge sisters were, according to their father, forced to leave their former school and attend a different school in order that they would have better chances at college scholarships. Heidi was bothered by her sister thinking that she was always second best. In an attempt to get out of Heather\'s shadow, she joined in a school play. Heather was involved mainly in volleyball rather than in basketball, until a coach noticed her because of her height. She seized this opportunity to play basketball because it would help her train for the coming volleyball season. Heather met Nicky, the star of the Palos Verdes High School Sea Kings. Heidi did not know she could play basketball until her father told her that he told the same coach that both of the twins would play for the school. Heather did not like that her father wanted Heidi to play. Heidi, of course, initially opposed her father\'s decision because she wanted to be independent of Heather. However, she later accepted it and decided to play. When the twins first started playing for the Sea Kings, they left a bad impression on the team by lying and implying to their teammates that they were rich. Heather and Nicky formed a rivalry and Nicky even tried to run the Burge twins out of school by telling the school about the Burges\' living situation. They both eventually befriended Nicky, as they saw that her father was too preoccupied with business to attend her basketball games and decided to make peace. At their first tournament in New York, they won second, and Heather won MVP. However, in another one of their games, Heidi was the star, as she was selected to take the game winning free throws. This made Heather, the usual star, jealous, so she played basketball, with Galen, a male player also living in their apartment complex Sandy Shores. While playing Heather falls and twists her ankle preventing her from playing their next game, which they nearly lost. Right then, Heather decided to start playing again for the sake of the team, despite being injured. Her effort was rewarded, and they went on to win a championship. After the game, their coach approaches the twins and their parents, Mary and Larry Burge, and tells Mr. and Mrs. Burge they should consider putting the girls in summer basketball camps, saying they have a great, very bright future and they are going to play college ball - "maybe more", he says. "There\'s talk of a women\'s pro-league." A clip of the future is then shown, and both Burge twins are playing on professional WNBA teams. Heidi played for the Los Angeles Sparks and Heather played for the Sacramento Monarchs. As usual Heather talks to Heidi and says: "Once second best always second best". And then comes tip off and they both jump for the ball.'] ["One evening, in the midst of torrential rains, a professor  goes out for a walk and fails to return. As the evening stretches into days and the days into weeks with no sign of him, the member of his family struggle both to regain their footing and to understand what might have caused him to leave. Slowly they return to their quotidian activities. The professor's son Amit  establishes his fledgling business; his younger daughter Sima  resumes her studies at college; and his elder daughter, Neeta , the backbone of the family, returns to her office job. Behind the facade of normalcy, though, the family is deeply wounded. Amit enjoys success in his business but is bitter and dour. Neeta has a very patient and supportive boyfriend  but the relationship is stuck in a holding pattern. And their mother  suffers debilitating depression. Their hesitant attempts to piece together the Professor's state of mind before his disappearance raise more questions than they answer: Was he having an affair with a former student ? Was his academic career crumbling? Was he a plagiarist? Ek din Achanak"] ['{{tone}} The story takes place in 1974, two years after the first film. It involves the main character, Vada Sultenfuss , going to Los Angeles, California for the spring break to learn more about her deceased biological mother. First she was a spunky, hypochondriac 11-year-old "with a chicken bone lodged in her throat"; now she is a lively yet more serious 13-year-old, "ready for her own apartment". By this time, her father Harry  is married to Shelly DeVoto , who is now pregnant, her Uncle Phil  now lives in Los Angeles, and her grandmother has died. She still wears the mood ring retrieved for her by her late best friend Thomas J. , who died in the previous film. Vada has her spring break coming up and her school assignment is to do an essay on someone she admires but has never met. She decides that she wants to do it on her mother but quickly realizes she knows very little about her. She manages to get her father to agree to let her go to L.A. to stay with her Uncle Phil and do some research on her mother. Once there, she finds herself under the protection of Nick , Phil\'s girlfriend\'s  son, who at first is very annoyed at losing his own spring break to escort a "hick girl" around town. However, he soon becomes more involved in the difficult search. The relationship between them, which originally starts out as a reluctant one, slowly turns into something much stronger as she learns more about her mother. The two start supporting each other and experience first love along the way. The movie includes a cappella performance of the Chaplin song "Smile" by Angeline Ball playing Vada\'s mother.'] ["Teenage Hal Ditmar, the son of a wealthy movie producer, gets into an argument in a theater, which ends with Hal hitting the theater manager. Neither the police nor Hal's father believe his claim that he acted in self-defense."] ['The film follows the story of an American girl, Sarah Brown, who is orphaned when her parents are killed in a car crash. She is sent to England to live with her aunt Velvet Brown and Uncle John. When Velvet was a similar age to Sarah, she and her horse, The Pie, entered the legendary Grand National horse race and won; however, she was instantly disqualified due to falling from the horse after the race before reaching the enclosure. The Pie is ultimately put out to stud upon his retirement. He sires his last foal after Sarah\'s arrival in England. Sarah and Velvet are present for the birth of this foal and Sarah eventually decides that she\'d like to purchase him. She later finds out that her Aunt Velvet has bought him for her. Sarah aptly names him "Arizona Pie" . She shows enough talent to be selected for the British Olympic team, where she is the junior, but she does well under the stern guidance of Captain Johnson. Sarah lives up to her dream and enters the Olympic Three Day Event helping Great Britain win the team competition. She falls in love with an American competitor and moves back to America with him. At the conclusion of the film she gives her Olympic gold medal to her Aunt Velvet. Sarah introduces her fiance by saying: "Scott, I want you to meet my parents".'] ["Adelheid, called Heidi , is an eight year-old Swiss orphan who is taken from her mountain-dwelling grandfather  to live in the wealthy Sesemann household in Frankfurt, Germany as a companion to Klara , a spoiled, disabled girl. Heidi is unhappy but makes the best of the situation, always longing for her grandfather. When Klara's body and spirits mend under Heidi's cheerful companionship, the housekeeper  tries to get rid of Heidi by selling her to the gypsies. Heidi is rescued and reunited with her grandfather."] ["Gandhi My Father paints the picture of Gandhi's intricate, complex, and strained relationship with son Harilal Gandhi. From the onset, the two had dreams in opposite directions. Harilal wanted to study abroad and become a barrister like his father, while Gandhi hoped that his son would join him and fight for his ideals and causes. When Gandhi doesn’t give Harilal the opportunity to study abroad, it comes as a huge and almost unforgivable blow to Hari. He decides to abandon his father’s vision and leaves South Africa for India where he joins his wife Gulab  and kids. He goes back to school to earn his diploma but fails three times in a row and ends in a financial dump. Each of his schemes to make money falls through and he ends up building a horrible reputation for himself, all the while tarnishing his father’s name. Sick of his failure, Gulab returns to her parent’s house with the kids and Hari stumbles and eventually falls. He turns to alcohol for solace and shuffles back and forth between Hinduism and Islam, in a never-ending search for peace. With political tension heating up, the rift between Gandhi and his eldest son grows until it’s beyond repair. This is the story of a man who lived in the enormous shadow of his father, striving to discover his identity."] ['The story is set in Glasgow, Scotland near the banks of the River Clyde. After completing the construction of the ship RFA Mounts Bay, Frank Redmond  and a few of his co-workers are laid off from the shipyards after 36 years service. This, along with his grief still suffered over the loss of one of his sons many years ago, plummets Frank into a deep depression. He gets on well with his wife, Joan ; however, their relationship is distant. His son, Rob , is a devoted house husband who looks after his twin sons, while his wife, Angela  works full-time at the local Jobcentre. After a violent panic attack, Frank realizes that he needs some focus in his life, and, after a booze cruise along the English Channel, decides to focus his efforts on swimming across it. Frank trains with the help of friend and local chip shop owner Chan  and former co-workers Danny ([[Billy Boyd , Eddie  and Norman  until he feels he is fit and ready for the attempt.'] ["The film begins with Apu's family getting settled in an apartment close to a ghat in Benares. Here Apu  makes new friends. While his mother Sarbajaya  stays at home, his father Harihar  works as a priest. On a Diwali day, Harihar develops a fever and rests, as Apu comforts him. The next day, he leaves for his work as usual towards the ghat, ignoring his wife's advice to rest. While coming back to home, he collapses on the stairs of the ghat, and dies soon afterwards.  In Harihar's absence, it becomes Sarbajaya's responsibility to earn money for the family. She starts working as a maid. A relative invites them to return to their ancestral village in Dewanpur . They settle in a village called Mansapota. Apu asks his mother to send him to a school. Apu studies diligently and receives a scholarship to go to Calcutta . Sarbajaya does not want to let her son leave. She gives in and helps him prepare to leave. Apu  starts working at a printing press after school. Sarbajaya expects visits from him, but Apu manages to visit only a few times and feels out of place in Mansapota. Sarbajaya becomes seriously ill, but does not disclose her illness to Apu. One day while waiting for him, she hears his voice at the doorstep and goes to see him, but finds only the noise of monkeys in the trees and a pond of fireflies as she begins fainting. When Apu finally comes to know about her poor health, he leaves for the village and finds that she has already died. A relative requests him to stay back there and to work as a priest. Apu rejects the idea. He returns to Calcutta and performs the last rites for his mother there."] ['A young Turkish girl comes to America in search of the life she saw in the movies and on TV. Broken Angel shows that life for a foreigner is not always the Hollywood life, especially when you do not speak the language. As she is slowly swallowed by the realities, only one boy, a deaf artist, can reach her and save her life. The film also debates American-Turkish relations and the perceptive image of Turks in the U.S. and vice versa. Broken Angel premiered in Istanbul and Izmir.'] ['The eleven-year-old Deirdre  suffers from an incurable heart condition. For two years, her parents Eugene  and Ruth  have consulted heart specialists - but without any success. Now they have gone to Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia to ensure that her last days are as pleasant as possible. The nine-year-old neighbour boy Phillip  is the only one who brings a little happiness into the home, since Deirdre knows exactly what is wrong with her. After she suffers from an acute attack and the end comes faster than everybody had thought, Deirdre and Phillip succeed anyway in celebrating the twelfth birthday of the girl as a day of joy.'] ["Nora Cotterelle, a woman in her 30s is caring for her ill father, Louis Jenssens. While Nora tries to present a facade that all is well with her life, she is twice divorced and has a son, Elias, whose father is dead. Nora's present relationship is not going well, and she is soon to marry a businessman, while Elias is becoming increasingly withdrawn. A parallel storyline follows her former lover and second husband, Ismaël Vuillard, a musician, with whom she had lived for seven years. He is given to strange behaviour, and as a result he has been committed to a mental hospital, from which he is planning to escape. Nora learns that her father's digestive problems are actually cancer, and facing her father's death, Nora desperately seeks out Ismaël to ask that he reconnect with Elias, but he has mixed feelings about adopting her son. Moreover, he has met Arielle, another patient."] ['The Odom family lives in a large, white, Southern house in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, just off Pitt Street, looking out onto Charleston Harbor. Lucille Odom  is nearing the end of her last year of high school when her mother, Helen Odom , leaves the family, breaking all ties. Lucille is left to care for her recently retired father, Warren Odom . The family then spends the summer trying to get their lives together, which is complicated when the older daughter of the family, Rae , moves back home with a new husband  and a new baby on the way, about which Rae has mixed feelings. While reminiscing about their mother Rae tells Lucille that their mother tried to abort Lucille when she was pregnant. Warren notices his daughters in a new and different way now that his wife is gone and he is no longer working. Everything changes for Lucille as she comes-of-age and learns about her family in new ways.'] ['On a secluded farmhouse in Castile and León, Luis is reuinted with his estranged daughter, Elisa after a 20-year separation. On the farmhouse, Luis writes what appears at times to be both an autobiography and a novel. The book is played out, with memories of the past, such as when Luis walked out on his family and is mixed with fantasies about Elisa\'s adult life as well as her failed marriage.Canby, Vincent. Film: "Elisa, Vida Mia", pp. 8. The New York Times. 11 March 1983. Retrieved on 30 July 2011'] ['Belles on Their Toes recounts the story of the Gilbreth family after the death of efficiency expert Frank Gilbreth, husband of Dr. Lillian Gilbreth and father to twelve children.'] ["' On the Fourth of July, Gail is forced by the courts to hand over her five year old son, Andrew, to his father Ted for the weekend. Ted arrives with his young girlfriend, Pattie, and seems jealous over Gail's boyfriend, Eddie, and the relationship he has with Andrew. After packing Andrew's things, singing their nightly song, and tucking one of Andrew's teddy bears into bed, the two walk outside to give Andrew to Ted. Despite her maternal instinct and the fact that Andrew has a slight fever, Gail gives her son to her ex-husband, who promises to return him on time as he always does. Gail's maternal instinct acts up again and she feels something is wrong. After being four hours late, Gail calls the police telling them that her ex-husband kidnapped her child. The police refuse to listen to her and her report is not filed. Meanwhile, Ted is driving a sleeping Andrew far away from his mother's house and goes north. In the morning, they are stopped by the police for speeding right before they cross the state border. Since no report is filed, Ted and his girlfriend are not stopped from kidnapping Andrew. Five years go by and Gail has married her boyfriend, Eddie, and they have an infant son together named EJ. Gail has kept Andrew's room exactly the way he left it with a few presents for all the birthdays and Christmases he missed. One day while tending to the baby, she gets a call from Ted telling her to meet him at a phone booth and to not call the cops. Gail and Eddie go to the phone booth and get a call from Ted telling them to go to another phone booth in another town. After waiting at that phone booth, Ted once again tells them to go to another phone booth, but Gail yells at her ex-husband and asks him if Andrew is coming home. He tells her that Andrew will be arriving at the bus station at 4 o'clock. Despite losing all hope of finding her son and thinking that Ted lied to her, Gail still goes to the bus station. After a 4 o'clock bus arrives and Andrew does not depart, Gail is about to leave when another bus headed for Buffalo arrives. This bus drops Andrew off. He is dirty and has no luggage. Gail runs to greet her son, but gets no response from him. She places her son in the back seat of her SUV and sits beside him, but Andrew prefers to sit on the floor curled up. Gail buckles Andrew in, and the three go home. Gail and Eddie lead Andrew through the house and up to his room. Andrew looks around and pushes the presents off the bed and begins to jump on the bed. He makes grunting noises of delight, but still has not said a word. His grandmother walks to the room with EJ and Andrew grunts and holds out his arm, wanting to hold the baby. His grandmother places the baby on the bed and Andrew cuddles with his half-brother. At dinner, Andrew starts to show more effects that his father had on him. While his mother is saying grace, Andrew sticks his hands in the bowl of spaghetti on the table and begins to eat with his hands. Gail brushes this off saying that Andrew must be hungry since he hasn't eaten since this morning. Later that night, Andrew is reluctant to talk to his mother and is unresponsive when she sings their nightly song about the moon. He turns away from Gail when she tries to kiss him and screams when she turns out the lights. After Gail turns on a nightlight and leaves the room, Andrew goes into a fetal position and goes to the corner of his room. Gail takes Andrew to both a doctor and a psychiatrist. The doctor says he is very healthy, considering that Andrew hasn't been to a doctor in a while. However,when checking Andrew's eyesight, he says he can only see dots and not the letters on the chart. The psychiatrist later tells Gail that Andrew cannot read or do math, but is very bright. They want to send Andrew to a special school that would help Andrew catch up in his academics, but it would require Andrew to live at the school. Gail refuses to part with her son once again, and the psychiatrist recommends that she send Andrew to public school so he can socialize with the other children. That does not go over well, though. A bully named Carl Rudnick makes fun of Andrew because he only stands on the side during recess and does not talk to the other children. Things go completely wrong during a game of baseball when another child hit the baseball in Andrew's direction, and instead of trying to catch the ball, Andrew just stands there and lets the ball fall to the ground and lets it roll away. This makes Carl furious and he yells at Andrew, who responds by urinating on Carl. The principal calls both Gail and Carl's mother. Mrs. Rudnick calls Andrew a freak and says that he should not be in public school, even yelling at Andrew after he apologizes. After Carl and his mother leave, Gail has a discussion with the principal. He wants to hold Andrew back, but she refuses and takes him out of the school. Besides his behavior at school, Andrew acts weird at home also. While driving one day, Andrew screams after seeing a car that resembles his father's car and still does not talk to his mother, not trusting her. On his tenth birthday, Andrew sticks his head into his birthday cake for no reason at all, and later he speaks for the first time, telling his mother that he doesn't know why he did it and that he thinks his mother is trying to trick him. One night before dinner, he's playing with a glass of milk and it accidentally fall off the table, almost injuring EJ on the floor. Andrew's behavior angers Eddie and begins to fear for his own son. After Andrew accidentally sets the house on fire, Eddie takes the baby and they go live with his mother for a few months. After taking her son out of school, Gail begins to teach Andrew at home. She is proud of her son when he was finally able to read the book Curious George, but when she shows Andrew's doctor his ability to read, they find out that he had only memorized the book. Gail is frustrated, and that night Andrew takes out the book The Little Engine That Could. He then wakes up Gail and shows that he can read a page from the book. Slowly but surely, Andrew continues to make progress, and things seem to get better for the family, with Eddie and EJ even moving back into the house. However, a woman with Social Services tells Gail that this is not good enough and if Andrew isn't on grade level by the time the summer ends, then she will be forced to send him to the special school. In order to help Andrew, Gail takes Andrew to her brother's farm so he can learn in a new atmosphere where he has no history. Andrew shows how intelligent he is by being able to learn how to milk a cow and how to care for the animals very quickly, but is unable to subtract 2 from 7. Gail cries to her brother saying that she loves Andrew and thanks God every day for his safe return, but misses her old son, adding that if she had a choice to pick her son, it wouldn't have been Andrew. Having overhead this conversation, Andrew runs out of the house. Gail runs after him and eventually finds him in the stables. She says she didn't mean what she said, but Andrew doesn't believe her. His father told him that she did not want him anymore and that she didn't love him. Gail explains that that isn't true, that she looked for him every day and missed him every minute during the five years he was gone. She told him she loves him and he will always be her son. After crying, Andrew falls asleep in the stables and Gail watches over her son. He wakes up startled and in fear when Gail tries to place a blanket over him for warmth. She tells him he doesn't have to be afraid, and then Andrew finally opens up and tells his mother about his experiences with his father. They never stayed long at any place and he was not allowed outside during the day. The last place they stayed the longest was a rundown trailer. He was usually locked in a room all day by himself watching TV. Both adults were abusive; Pattie would hit him, and Ted would lock him in a dark closet. At night, they put him outside, tied to a long leash, where he would sleep in the trees in the dark with the frightening sounds of the nocturnal animals surrounding him. Andrew was not allowed to go to school or socialize with other children his age, or anyone other than Ted and Pattie for that matter. He told his mother how he would think about home and her, but then get angry that she didn't love or want him. Then he explains that now he knows she did love him and want him. He then tells his mother that he is home, and the two cry in each other's arms and sing their bedtime song together. In the end, it is revealed that Gail and Andrew returned home to Eddie and EJ to build a healthier life together and that Ted was tried for kidnapping and abusing Andrew, found guilty, and was imprisoned."] ["The film begins with Robinson as a child, being given a worn-out baseball glove by a stranger impressed by his fielding skills. As a young man, he becomes a multi-sport star at the University of California, Los Angeles, but as he nears graduation, he worries about his future. His older brother Mack was also an outstanding college athlete and graduate, but the only job he could get was that of a lowly street cleaner. When America enters World War II, Robinson is drafted, serving as an athletic director. Afterward, he plays baseball with a professional African-American team. However, the constant travel keeps him away from his college sweetheart, Rae. Then one day, Brooklyn Dodgers scout Clyde Sukeforth invites him to meet Branch Rickey, president of the Major League Baseball team. At first, Robinson considers the offer to be a practical joke, as there are no African Americans allowed in the segregated major leagues. When he is convinced that the opportunity is genuine, he and Rickey size each other up. After thinking over Rickey's warning about the hatred and abuse he would have to endure without being able to strike back, Robinson signs with the Dodgers' International League farm team, the Montreal Royals. Though he wants to delay marrying Rae to shield her, she insists on an immediate wedding so she can support her man in the trying times ahead. Robinson leads the league in hitting in his first year, and despite the grave concerns expressed by the Commissioner of Major League Baseball, Rickey goes ahead and promotes him to the Dodgers. Reviled at first by many of the fans and some of his own teammates, Robinson gets off to a shaky start, playing out of position at first base and going through a hitting slump, but then gradually wins people over with his talent and determination. The team goes on to win the pennant, with Robinson driving in the tying run and scoring the winning one in the deciding game. At the end, Robinson is invited to address the United States House of Representatives in Washington, D.C."] ['A gifted teenage composer , dreams of being accepted into the famous Sydney Conservatorium of Music. Unfortunately, a good band is hard to find in the middle of Outback Australia - until a strange incident involving flying watermelons leads him to a group of talented prison inmates.'] ['Romain, a gay 31-year-old fashion photographer, finds out he is terminally ill and has only three months to live. He rejects the treatment for his metastasized tumor that might offer him a slim  chance of survival. Romain exhibits both a selfish and a recklessness behavior. He realizes that his good looks give him a certain amount of leeway and he tests the forbearance of the people who care for him. He chases away his lover Sasha and delights in antagonizing his sister. The only person in whom he confides about his illness is his grandmother Laura.'] ["In a prologue we are introduced to the Nicklebys, who enjoy a comfortable life in the Devon countryside until the father dies and leaves his family with no source of income. Nineteen-year-old Nicholas, his mother, and his younger sister Kate venture to London to seek help from their wealthy, cold-hearted uncle Ralph, an investor who arranges for Nicholas to be hired as a tutor at Dotheboys Hall in Yorkshire and finds Kate work as a seamstress. Nicholas is horrified to discover his employers, the sadistic Mr and Mrs Squeers, run their boarding school like a prison and physically, verbally, and emotionally abuse their young charges on a regular basis. He eventually rebels and escapes, taking with him young crippled Smike. As they journey to London, they stumble upon a theatrical troupe owned and operated by Mr. and Mrs. Crummles. They cast them in a production of Romeo and Juliet, but despite a successful first night and the couple's invitation to stay, Nicholas is determined to continue their journey to London to learn how his mother and sister are faring. Nicholas is reunited with his family, who welcome Smike as one of their own, and finds employment with the Cheeryble brothers, and makes the acquaintance of Madeline Bray, an artist who is the sole support of herself and her tyrannical father, who gambled away his fortune and that of his late wife. Nicholas discovers his sister Kate has been subjected to humiliating sexual attention from lecherous Sir Mulberry Hawk, a client of their uncle, who has encouraged the man to seduce his niece in the hope she will succumb and thus cement Hawk's business relationship with him. Nicholas' determination to defend his sister's honor leads his uncle to vow he will destroy the young man. What ensues is a series of adventures in which the upstanding Nicholas manages to survive the schemes of his evil uncle, including an attempt to return Smike to Squeers and an effort to abort Nicholas' growing relationship with Madeline by promising her father he will excuse his debts if the girl weds Hawk. Ralph's designs on Madeline are thwarted when her father dies unexpectedly. Unfortunately, Smike falls ill and soon dies. Soon after, a sinister secret Ralph has harbored for years surfaces, and it is revealed Smike was Ralph's son, whom he had thought dead. Realizing that his son had died the best friend of his most hated enemy, Ralph hangs himself. Nicholas marries Madeline."] ['While planning her family reunion, the pistol-packing grandma, Mabel "Madea" Simmons, must contend with the other dramas on her plate, including the runaway who has been placed under her care, and her troubled nieces, half-sisters Lisa and Vanessa.'] ["Frannie Vaughn  comes back home after being away a long time, only to find that her mother has died. She also finds out that her sister, Natalie  and her husband, Jake , are planning to sell the acres once owned by Frannie and Natalie's family. To buy the land back from her sister, Frannie gets a job and falls in love with a fellow worker, Rubin . In the end, Frannie's dreams come true and Natalie comes to her senses and moves in to the old family house with Frannie and Rubin."] ["{{Plot}} The story begins with Dwayne , Dolores , and Harold  playing a game of cards with Dolores trying to convince Dwayne to take a cat Harold found on the way home. Dwayne thinks there is clearly something wrong with the cat and refuses to take it. One afternoon, Dwayne in his living room with his girlfriend Nina . Dwayne excuses himself claiming he forgot something. We see a frantic Dwayne rushing to his bedroom. He grabs a small red box  a rose and some champagne. When he returns to the living room however he finds his roommate, Michael ([[Tyler Christopher , and his new transgender girlfriend  waiting there. He quickly puts the ring away as he and Nina head to Dwayne’s parents’ house for a barbecue. On the way over, Dwayne fails to stop for a stop sign and is pulled over by a cop who asks him to step out of the car. He spots the ring and tells Dwayne that Nina is way out of his league and to enjoy it while it lasts. This makes Dwayne question himself and his relationship with Nina. At the barbecue, the family has a debate over the difference between saying “this Saturday” and “next Saturday”. Dwayne, having had enough of the debate, proposes to Nina offhandedly. She says yes just as Mai  walks in. Mai lets the family in on a some news: she's located their birth mother, Thanh, and she's flying her to LA. Dolores takes the news hard and worries she’ll be replaced, running off to the bathroom as Nina follows behind. Harold is more optimistic, and Dwayne pretends to be indifferent. There is a brief flashback to when Mai was young and she yells at Dolores saying “you’re not my mother” and runs to hug Harold. This particular scene makes it obvious that Mai and Dolores have never quite learned to get along. At the airport, Mai cries when she sees her mother, while Dwayne has no reaction. As they all sit down for a family dinner it is clear Dolores feels like she is being replaced. As everyone goes to leave, Thanh demands to go with Dwayne/Sap despite the extensive preparations Mai has made for her at her house. Thanh worries about Dwayne and doesn’t think Nina is the right girl for him  and tells Mai. Nina goes to Mai’s for lunch one day and tells her that she ought to be more affectionate with Dwayne. Nina feels like she has been affectionate enough but Mai tells her she should try harder. Harold’s birthday arrives and no one shows up for the party. Dolores has a fit and blames it on Thanh’s arrival Harold gets frustrated and has a heart attack.Mai rushes to the hospital to meet Dolores. The two have a fight. Dolores blames Mai saying “we’ve served our purpose you don’t need us anymore”. The doctor tells the two that Harold will be ok. Dolores tries to apologize but Mai leaves telling Dolores to spend time with Harold. The next day Dwayne calls to tell Dolores that he’s heard the news. Dolores is clearly upset that he wasn’t there and so is Dwayne. Wanting to be more affectionate, Nina prepares a big dinner for the two of them. Dwayne arrives and suggests the two break up. Finally, there is an all out war with everyone: Thanh and Dolores, Nina and Dwayne, Samantha and Michael ending when Michael’s girlfriend literally lifts Dolores and Thanh in the air to separate them. The next day Mai comes over to help with Harold’s food. Dolores says she doesn’t need help but Mai goes in to hug her; this is the first time there is a sense of understanding between the two. Mai realizes that Dolores has been more of a mother and treated her far better than Thanh. Over a game of monopoly Dwayne, Mai, Dolores, and Harold discuss the fact that Dwayne has broken up with Nina. Everyone thinks he’s stupid for doing it because they all know she loves him. Mai tells Dwayne that Nina has accepted a job in NY and is going to take it. Dwayne realizes he’s made a huge mistake and runs to go find her. Eventually he does and everyone finally gets along. The movie ends with a big family dinner over which Dolores and Thanh nod in understanding and play a game of Monopoly together."] ["The movie starts with Jake Barnes  flying a plane over the Alaskan wilderness. While he is flying, he is communicating with a man named Charlie , who works for Quincy Air Service. During his flight he passes by a polar bear that stands up on its hind legs as the plane flies overhead. The polar bear is then shown in the scope of a gun being held by a poacher, Colin Perry  who, with his comrade Koontz , kills the bear. The next scene opens with Jessie Barnes  and her friend Chip  observing wildlife in their kayaks before her dinner. Jessie's father Jake begins telling her where he is flying from, at what time he left that location, and his air speed. Jessie calculates that her father is passing Devils Thumb. The scene shifts to a general store, where the store worker begins to tell Jessie's brother Sean about an experience he had during a fire on the Yukon River in which an eagle flew out of the smoke and showed him where to go. Meanwhile, the very same eagle is sitting in the store. The worker calls the eagle his Tornac, which means “Spirit Guide”. Sean then walks out of the store and kicks over a trashcan, spilling a carton of oil on the ground. A local police officer, Sergeant Sam Grazer , witnesses this and approaches Sean. In the next scene, Jake Barnes lands his plane on a lake, where Charlie is waiting to tie the plane up to the dock. Jake receives a phone call telling him that his son has been caught engaging in delinquent activities. He picks Sean up from the police station and they talk about how Sean hates it in Alaska, and that he wants to go back to Chicago. We then see Jake, Sean, and Jessie eating dinner. Jake receives a call from Charlie, telling him that he must make a trip up to Douglas, Alaska. Jessie warns her father that it is almost dark, but Jake says there is plenty of daylight left. Sean then scolds his father for moving their family to Alaska. Jessie and Sean’s mother died, leaving Sean to wish that his dad was the one that died instead of their mother. Jake then departs on his trip, despite violent weather conditions. As Jessie begins to worry about her father, she attempts to communicate with him. She is able to speak to him for a small amount of time, but he then loses his connection. The poor flying conditions cause Jake to crash his plane in the remote wilderness. As Charlie and a police officer search for Jake and his plane via helicopter, we see Jake, alive, in his downed plane. Jake shoots a flare gun into the air, hoping that the helicopter will see the cry for help. Unfortunately the helicopter was flying in the exact opposite direction, away from the flare. Frustrated with the lack of search efforts, Sean and Jessie set out in search of their father, whom they assume is still alive. As they kayak through the chilly waters of the Gulf of Alaska, they stop to rest on a beach. They soon realize that the shore is home to a poachers’ camp. They then discover a live polar bear that has been locked in a cage. They let the polar bear run free, hoping that it will save itself. Sean and Jessie leave the beach in their kayak, and the bear follows close behind. As they are eating their dinner, the bear interrupts Jessie and Sean, chewing a hole into their frying pan. After the bear leaves their camp Colin Perry appears, in hunt of the polar bear that he believes is rightfully his property. Koontz then arrives and notices teeth marks in the frying pan, alerting Perry that the bear was there. Colin’s beliefs that the children stole the bear from his camp are confirmed when he finds his missing lighter next to their camping gear. Perry orders the kids to tell the bear to “come home” . The next day, Jessie and Sean continue in their search to find their missing father. They leave their kayak and begin searching on foot. They soon discover that the polar bear has once again followed them in their journey. Perry and Koontz, too, have followed the youngsters and this time they destroy the oars in their kayak and hide the kayak in the woods just in case someone comes looking for them. Just then Charlie arrives in a helicopter in search of Jessie and Sean. Perry shows Charlie a piece of the oar and tells him that he found it 25 miles north of their current position. Charlie then departs in his helicopter in hopes of finding the children, who he believes to be in grave danger. We find Jessie and Sean as they descend down a steep mountain side. Jessie safely reaches the bottom, but Sean slips and tumbles down the mountain, hitting his head on a rock. The two then continue their journey and find a log cabin in the woods. They take shelter and Sean lies down in the bed. While in the cabin, Sean notices a canoe hanging from the ceiling. Jessie and Sean take the canoe and continue on in their search for their father. While they are canoeing down a river, the two kids encounter vicious rapids that send them and their canoe down a waterfall. Jessie is able to escape the raging river but, once again, Sean’s lack of experience in the wilderness causes him to struggle. He is thrust down the river where he is helped out of the cold water by Jessie’s friend Chip and his grandfather . With the kids barefoot by the riverside, Chip’s father wants to send Jessie and Sean home, but Chip and his grandfather wish to help the two on their journey. The two proceed on their quest with their befriended polar bear, whom they named Cubby, by their side. Cubby leads them until he is shot with a tranquilizer dart by Colin. He then takes Cubby away in his helicopter, but Koontz didn’t load the darts with enough tranquilizer fluids, allowing Cubby to awaken in the helicopter and trying to fight his way free. As Koontz lowers the helicopter, Cubby escapes, causing Perry to shoot Koontz with a tranquilizer dart and damage the helicopter as well. Meanwhile, the children continue on in their search for their missing father. They stumble upon some wreckage from his plane crash and begin yelling for him to respond. Not able to yell, their father shoots another flare into the air. This time the children see it and run to his rescue. They find the plane hanging on the edge of a cliff, and Jessie lowers Sean down the side of the mountain to reach their father. Just as it looks like Jessie is going to lose control of the rope, Cubby appears and helps Jessie pull the rope. With Cubby's help, Jessie and Sean are able to raise their father up the side of the mountain. Just as the family is reunited, Charlie shows up in his helicopter to take them home and complete the rescue."] ['Several days in the life of Kenny, a typical 12-year-old, and his friends. Kenny goes through all the activities that most of us went through as kids as he and his friends prepare for Halloween. Along the way, Kenny deals with such childhood issues as bullies and his first crush on a girl.'] ["Set in the country of South Africa, the story begins with a cheetah cub being orphaned after his mother was killed by lions. The cub is found on the side of the road by a young boy named Xan  and his father Peter . Initially reluctant to take in a wild animal, Peter agrees to let Xan take care of the cub. They name him “Duma”, the Swahili name for “cheetah”. Over the years, Duma becomes a part of the family, being closely raised by Xan. As he nears adulthood, Peter and Xan decide to teach Duma how to run by having him chase alongside Peter’s motorcycle, which can barely keep up with him. But with Duma almost fully grown, to Xan’s dismay, his father tells him that it is time to take his friend to his real home before he grows too old to survive in his native habitat. His father says to Xan, “Duma has to live the life he was born to – or he’ll never be fully alive.” Xan reluctantly agrees, but their plans must be put on hold when his father suddenly falls ill and dies and Xan and his mother  must move to Johannesburg. Duma comes with them, which wreaks havoc on their life in the city. Xan’s aunt is terrified of Duma, who likes to sneak up and surprise her, and when Duma escapes and pays a disastrous visit to Xan’s school, the two of them must flee the city to keep Duma from being put into captivity. Not knowing where to go, Xan gets an idea – he’ll carry out the plan his dad had outlined, taking Duma home in the neighbouring country of Botswana, over the scorching Makgadikgadi Salt Pans, through the Okavango Delta and into the Erongo Mountains. Xan begins to drive to his destination in his father’s old motorcycle, with Duma in the sidecar. After running out of fuel and water in the grasslands, they find some shade underneath a crashed airplane. There, they are confronted by Ripkuna , a mysterious drifter on a journey of his own. While Xan isn’t at all that sure he can trust Rip, he agrees to go with him. Xan manages to turn the immobile motorcycle into a desert sailboat out of a parachute from the plane wreck, and Xan, Rip and Duma are on their way again, until they encounter the untraversable scrub brush of the Kalahari Desert and must abandon the motorcycle. While trying to find shelter, Rip is trapped in an abandoned diamond mine by a cave in, and Xan decides to leave him, as he suspects that he has been leading him to town instead of the jungle to sell Duma and collect a reward for finding him. However, when Duma is caught in a trap and Xan is knocked unconscious by a boar, Rip rescues both of them, having escaped the mine through a ventilation shaft. Soon, they reach the Okavango Delta, where Xan is set upon by the deadly wildlife and the churning rapids of the Thamalakane River, but it’s too late for him to turn back now. Xan, Rip and Duma press through the Okavango, and finally the Erongo Mountains, on the border of Botswana and Namibia are in sight. However, once they get there, Xan is suddenly set upon by a swarm of tsetse flies. To protect him from their lethal bite, Rip huddles over Xan and is bitten by hundreds of flies. He soon develops sleeping sickness, and Xan takes him to a nearby village where he can be cared for. Later that night, outside the village, Duma is out on his own and starts calling out into the mountains. Duma finds another cheetah calling to him, and they bond rather quickly. It is never explained whether this is another male cheetah, or is in fact one of Duma's siblings. Xan hears this activity, and realizes that this is where he and Duma must part. Xan says goodbye to Duma, and Duma comes to Xan and says a final goodbye, and goes back to play with his new friend. Then Xan goes back to the village to Rip. Before the credits, it shows Xan being reunited with his mother and the film ends."] ['Trudy "Tru" Walker is a teenager who aspires to have her own TV show. Tru is somewhat unhappy with her life. Her twin brother, Eddie, has a developmental disability that causes him to act like a young child, which is often the source of chaos when in social situations. Although Eddie is affectionate, his behavior often frustrates Tru because she feels as if she is unable to reason with him. She is also angered by the harsh way her brother is treated by members of her peer group. Furthermore, she is often frustrated with her mother because it seems as if Eddie is the sibling who is favoured. Although Tru feels sorry for Eddie, she is tired of being unable to pursue normal activities. For example, even when Eddie sets the table for dinner, this is the cause of havoc. Tru is ecstatic when she hears about a video contest, the winner of which will get his or her own TV show. When Tru reveals this news to her mother, Tru is mildly disappointed at her mother\'s reaction because her mother does not appear to share her daughter\'s enthusiasm. Tru is at a loss in respect of what she should choose as the subject of her documentary. When her English teacher encourages her to select a topic which is meaningful to her, Tru decides to take her teacher\'s advice. With the documentary contest submission deadline looming, Tru is very anxious to come up with a suitable topic. When she screens her video, her friend find it boring and uninspiring. Tru then explores a subject which is personal to herself: she makes a video about her brother in which she highlights the positive influence that Eddie has had upon her life. She also reveals that living with a brother with a disability is often stressful and draining. A sub-plot of the movie is Tru\'s relationship with her mother. Another source of frustration in Tru\'s life is that she thinks her mother does not understand her. Thus, she seeks help on an online forum where she receives support from someone who refers to herself as Deedee. This on-line personality helps Tru through her tough times. Deedee convinces Tru that nothing great has ever been achieved without sacrifices and that she\'ll be rewarded for showing her true self. Later on in the film, after an argument between mother and daughter, Tru\'s mother repeats the advice that Deedee has given to Tru, leading Tru to reach the correct conclusion that Deedee is in fact Tru\'s mother. Once again, Tru becomes cross with her mother. When the Walker family attends a street fair, Tru confronts her fears in respect of how cruel people can be towards persons with disabilities. Tru notices that Eddie is wearing a new hat. When Tru asks him where he got the hat, Eddie points to a group of teenage boys. Tru reminds him that he should not accept anything from strangers. One of the group members is a boy from school that Tru likes. It later transpires that members of the group spat in the hat that Eddie was wearing. Tru is devastated and disgusted. When the subject of her crush tells her that she is a freak just like her brother, Tru pushes him off a high bridge into a creek. Tru does not reveal to her parents what happened. Matters become more positive for Tru when she receives a letter telling her she won the contest, which means that her video will be broadcast on television. Tru worries that everyone at school will make fun of her because of the personal things about herself she revealed in the video. To make matters worse, Tru\'s father is caught up at work  and is not able to get home in time for her show. In the film, the relationship between father and son is strained because the former often lashes out verbally and is harsh towards the latter. Unknown to the family, Tru\'s father watches the show on a hospital television and is touched by what he sees. At school the next day, all of the students seem to have loved and appreciated Tru\'s show. They clap in the hall for both Tru and Eddie. Tru\'s father asks his daughter why he does not feature prominently in the film. She reluctantly shows him the footage of him she did have, which shows him in a bad light. Another theme of the film is the father\'s inability to relate properly to his son. Throughout the film, the father constantly snaps at Eddie and finds it difficult to be patient with him. The audience later learns that the father does love his son very much. Tru comes to the saddening realization that as time passes she will live a normal life and Eddie will always be the same. Mr. Walker starts trying to make more time for the family and be more patient with Eddie. Tru and her mother endeavour to talk to each other and Tru insists that she will actually listen. Eddie and Tru sit down together to watch a soccer match they both played in. Eddie continuously rewinds to a play in which Tru passes the ball to Eddie and he makes a goal. Tru exclaims "Eddie, come on! We\'ve watched this scene like ten times. Let\'s move on. It\'s not like it\'s going to change." Eddie replies "I like it. I don\'t want it to change. It\'s you and me. Being twins." Eddie tells her he wants to be just like everyone else because everyone makes fun of him. Tru tells Eddie that if he was like everyone else he would not receive extra help in school or be able to rollerskate in the house. Then Tru tearfully says that if Eddie was "normal" he would not be the brother that she loves.'] ["Desiree Leanne  Gill was three years old when her father died. Now, a year later, she is still struggling to accept her father's absence. Her mother Rhonda , having just relocated both herself and her daughter to live with her parents, is concerned that Desi does not understand what has happened, as she still asks where her father is and only refers to herself in the third person. Desi's grandmother Trish  has the idea of helping Desi write a letter to her father. They leave the letter at her father's grave, and every day Desi waits for the postman to bring her a reply. However, when the letter is returned to them, Desi's emotional and mental state worsen. Desperate, Desi and her mother go to the carnival with a local pilot, where Desi is given a balloon with a picture of a mermaid on it. Desi's grandmother has the idea of attaching a letter to the balloon and sending it to Heaven. 4000 miles away, a man duck hunting on the Mermaid River outside the town of Mermaid finds the balloon. Touched by Desi's letter, he and his wife reply. Upon receiving their letter, Desi begins to recover and the two families form a bond."] ["The film centers around the Essenbecks, a wealthy industrialist family who have begun doing business with the Nazi Party. On the night of the Reichstag fire, the family's conservative patriarch, Baron Joachim von Essenbeck, who represents the old aristocratic Germany and detests Hitler, is murdered. Herbert Thalmann, the family firm's vice president who openly opposes the Nazis, is framed for the crime. He escapes the grasp of the Gestapo, but his wife Elizabeth  and their children do not. The empire passes to the control of an unscrupulous relative, the boorish SA officer Konstantin . Waiting in the wings are his son Günther , a sensitive and troubled student, and his nephew, Martin , an amoral, sexually deviant playboy who is secretly molesting his young cousin as well as a poor Jewish girl. Martin is dominated by his possessive mother, Sophie , the widow of Baron Joachim's only son, a fallen World War I hero. Martin's drag performance as Marlene Dietrich in The Blue Angel at his grandfather's birthday celebration, notorious at the time of the film's release, has since become an iconic image in cinema history. Friedrich Bruckmann , an employee of the family firm and Sophie's lover, ascends in power despite his lowly social status, thanks to Sophie's support and the SS officer and family relation Aschenbach , who pits family factions against each other to move their steel and munition works into state control. Friedrich kills Konstantin in the SS coup against the SA during its 1934 meeting to deal with its dissatisfaction with Hitler. Known as The Night of the Long Knives, the SA meeting and the subsequent executions of its leaders by the SS is portrayed as a homosexual orgy and bloody gangster-style massacre. Aschenbach now dismisses Friedrich, who now controls the family fortunes, as a weak social climber and not a loyal Nazi. Herbert Thalmann now returns to the family table. He reveals that his wife and children were sent to Dachau concentration camp where his wife died; he is handing himself over to the Gestapo in return for the freedom of his children. Aschenbach makes a deal with the discounted and ignored heir, Martin, to remove Friedrich and Sophie from control, so that Martin may get what is owed him. Martin sexually assaults his mother, who falls into a catatonic state. Now in the SS, he allows Friedrich  to wed his mother, and then hands them the poison to commit suicide."] ["Based upon the famous 1910 novel of the same name by Danish writer Martin Andersen Nexø, the film is set in the end of the 19th century. A boat filled with emigrants from Sweden arrives at the Danish island of Bornholm. Among them are Lassefar and his son Pelle who have moved to Denmark to find work after the death of Pelle's mother. They find employment at a large farm, but find themselves treated as the lowest form of life. It is only as Pelle starts to speak Danish that he begins to gain in confidence, but is still discriminated against as a foreigner. But neither boy nor father is willing to give up their dream of finding a better life than that which they left in Sweden."] ["David Graham has only 24 hours to save his son, Alec, from hanging. Alec has been convicted of murdering his girlfriend, Jenny Cole. David visits the home of wealthy car magnate, Robert Stanford, where the girlfriend was killed. Graham finds a number of possible suspects, including Stanford's young wife, Honor, his secretary Vickie Harker and also Alec's friend Brian, who is Stanford's adopted son."] ['Born the same day at the start of the 20th century, 27 January 1901, Alfredo Berlinghieri and Olmo Dalcò come from opposite ends of the social spectrum. Alfredo is from a family of landowners led by his abusive but populist grandfather, while Olmo is an illegitimate peasant son off the estate whose grandfather, Leo, is the foreman and peasants strong man who verbally and spiritually carries a duel of wits but without reaching violence ever with Alfredo\'s. As Alfredo is somewhat rebellious and despises the falseness of his family, in particular his weak but cynical father, he befriends Olmo, who was raised as a socialist. The two are friends throughout their childhood, despite the social differences of their families. Olmo enlists with the Italian army in 1917 during World War I and goes off to fight while Alfredo learns how to run his family\'s large plantation under the guidance of his father. Olmo returns from the war over a year later and his friendship with Alfredo continues. However, Alfredo\'s father has hired Attila Mellanchini as his foreman. A sadistic man who becomes taken with fascism, Attila eventually incorporates his new belief system in his dealings with the Berlinghieri workers; he treats them cruelly and later cages them in the Berlinghieri compound and accuses them of treason against fascist Italy. Several are killed by Attila himself. As the new padrone  of the plantation, Alfredo does little to challenge or halt Attila\'s actions. During the late 1920s, the intimacy and lack thereof in their respective relationships with others is highlighted in their love lives. Alfredo marries a gorgeous, demure woman while Olmo marries Anita, who like him shares in the enthusiasm of the cause of workers\' rights. Alfredo’s wife, Ada, sinks into alcoholism when confronted with the reality of the emptiness of her relationship with Alfredo. Anita, a strong and independent spirit dies tragically in childbirth, bringing another member into the community. As Olmo takes on his fateful role of leader among the poor farmers and their families, he clashes with Attila. The power, however, shifts after World War II in 1945, and the ruling class is at the mercy of the jovial and bitter peasants in the agricultural estate. As padrone, Alfredo is captured by a teenage peasant boy carrying a rifle. Attila is also captured when he and his wife, the equally cruel and sadistic Regina, try to flee the region. Attila is stabbed, non-fatally, several times by women wielding pitchforks and is imprisoned in the Berlinghieri pig sty. He is later executed by the peasants , who have discovered that Attila had raped and killed a young boy  several years prior in a fit of rage and had also murdered a wealthy landowner\'s widow, Mrs. Pioppi , in order to steal her land and home, also [years earlier] Attila had several peasants massacred after they threw horse manure at Atilla for "selling" Olmo. Olmo made Atilla eat manure and let him go. Olmo then had to leave town to keep from being killed by the fascists. Alfredo fires Attila, when Attila and his blackshirts seek vengeance on Olmo by tearing up Olmo\'s house. Alfredo is brought before Olmo\'s workers tribunal to stand trial. Many workers come forth and accuse Alfredo of letting them suffer in squalor while he  profited from their labors. Alfredo is sentenced to death, but his execution is prevented after Olmo explains that the padrone is dead, so Afredo Berlinghieri is alive. Suggesting that the social system has been overthrown with the end of the war. As soon as the verdict is reached, however, representatives of the new government, which includes the Communist Party, arrive and call on the peasants to turn in their arms. Olmo convinces the peasants to do so, overcoming their skepticism. Alfredo declares, "The padrone lives." Historically, apparently, in Sicily, -- the socialists  came close to achieving political dominance through elections by the sheer force of their numbers; however these efforts were subverted by the usual techniques of murder, intimidation, economic extortion, and bribery -- by "mafioso" . Mafioso who had been captured and imprisoned by the socialist for their crimes against the peasants, were released and given high level government positions -- by the American occupation force, who were told that these imprisoned criminals were patriots serving democracy. "socialists" were branded as evil communists. Sicily was thus returned to its former system of dominance by elite landowners .'] ['After their father and mother dies, played by Rance Howard, a group of family of children decide to live self-sufficiently in the backwoods of rural North Carolina rather than have the state realize what happened and then split them up by sending them to foster homes. Mary Call , while not the oldest of the children, does assume the "parent" role making adult decisions that she can\'t handle on her own, proving a formidable opponent for landlord played by Harry Dean Stanton, who is interested in marrying the oldest daughter, but can\'t because of a promise Mary Call made to her father before dying. Much to everyone\'s surprise, Stanton turns out to be one of the good guys, but what will he do if he gets sick and there is no one there to help him. There are troubles along the way, are they going to be abled to solve them. Based on the novel and movie.'] ['At the beginning of the story Ray Talloway  is a construction manager whose business is near bankruptcy. His semi-estranged daughter Cheryl  quarrels with him on the slightest pretext, while her husband Alex  is one of a small group of minor criminals. Cheryl and Alex have one daughter, Grace , who is the indigo child of the story, and who eventually reunites the family. One night, Alex takes Cheryl to a "party" that promises something exciting to happen to the participants . Cheryl is worried by leaving Grace alone in the car; therefore, Alex leaves to check on her. A few minutes later, a police detachment arrests every one of the criminals. Grace, who was asleep in the car, wakes and sees her mother taken to prison. Ray, who is asleep at home, receives a call from the police station informing him of his daughter\'s arrest. He goes to the police station, arriving deep in telephone conversation with one of his business partners, who warns him of protest by environmentalists at the site of one of his latest projects. This causes him to abandon his daughter at the station and drive to the site. The sight of the crowd protesting his efforts to eradicate a forest to make room for a new highway, combined with the effect of having his daughter arrested, causes him to experience a small nervous breakdown. Here, the film jumps ahead five years. In the interim, Ray has lost his job and is living at home alone, as the owner of a very old car which is on the verge of disintegration. Cheryl has been in jail for possession of illegal drugs even though she is innocent. Ray has neither come to visit her nor bailed her out of prison. Grace is living in a children\'s home superintended by a nurse . Alex has fled, possibly to Canada, and has not appeared since. A visit by her lawyer leaves Cheryl afraid for Grace\'s safety, the lawyer having intimated that Alex might kidnap Grace in exchange for money he believes to be in Cheryl\'s possession. After this scene is over, viewers see the lawyer walking to a car and accepting a bribe. Cheryl, who has not seen this, calls Ray asking that he visit her. When he arrives, Cheryl tells him of the lawyer\'s information and asks him to retrieve Grace and take care of her until Cheryl is released on parole. Ray does so, out of a sense of duty towards his daughter and guilt at being an inadequate father and grandfather. Upon her reappearance, Grace is revealed to have developed her supermundane abilities to the point where they are unsettling to Ray, who unceremoniously kidnaps her with her consent and aid. Having escaped, the two meet with Ray\'s girlfriend Sally , who temporarily harbors them. Ray and Grace later drive north to Ashland, Oregon, where they think to hide until Cheryl\'s parole takes effect. On the way, they spend the night in a hotel and begin to develop a bond. The hotel manager is astonished next morning when Grace brings his father, who suffers a severe case of Alzheimer\'s disease, into waking consciousness. He reacts with the accusation that it is the work of the devil, whereupon Ray and Grace leave, while the father and son begin to reconcile. At a park, Grace befriends a lonely boy called Nicholas, who like her is one of the indigo children. The nature thereof is explained to Ray  by Nicholas\' mother while the children play. Further north, Ray\'s car finally fails to operate so that he and Grace are forced to walk. They are befriended by a group of teenagers who are on their way to Mt. Ashland, one of whom is played by Neale\'s son, Karus Walsch, with whom they spend the night in a cabin. Karus\'s character, Logan, is disturbed by Grace\'s telling of a story of his childhood that revives painful memories. According to her, he could communicate with angels when he was a boy but suppressed his ability when his older brother beat him whenever he talked about it. Another one of the teenagers, Emma, expresses skepticism and anger at Grace\'s powers, especially when Grace claims to see the spirit of Emma\'s mother; later, Emma accepts Grace\'s ways and becomes grateful. When Ray and Grace arrive at the arranged cabin, they find to Ray\'s surprise that it is occupied by Ray\'s long-estranged son Stewart . Stewart is there to collect the money that he thinks Cheryl hid and believes that Grace knows where it is. He takes her hostage; at this, Ray claims that Grace requires a medicine that is in his suitcase. Stewart allows Ray to open the suitcase, in which is no medicine but a pistol, with which Ray intends to frighten his son. As Ray reaches for the pistol, he suddenly recalls his past and reconsiders his decision. He attempts to apologize to Stewart, but Stewart refuses to accept this. An arrival of two police officers at the cabin surprises them all, with the exception of Grace, who had summoned them. Grace reveals that the younger of the two, Officer Whitfield, was one of the officers who had captured Cheryl, and that he has illegally been using the money Stewart sought. The film ends with the reconciliation and reunion of the family.'] ["The movie is set during the Dirty War in 1970s Buenos Aires, Argentina, where the military government is abducting those opposed to its rule. Cecilia, a dissident journalist, is kidnapped by the secret police to join the ranks of the 'disappeared'. Cecilia had earlier published a provocative article in her outrage over the disappearance of students protesting bus fares. As her husband Carlos, a theatre director, begins to search frantically for her, he realizes that he has acquired psychic power that enables him to predict the future. This not only puts him in high demand by those who have also lost a loved one, it helps Carlos to foresee what happens to his wife and other detainees. At one point, Carlos visits the Naval Mechanics School, the notorious torture centre. The movie has graphic images of suffering such as the rape and torture scenes of Cecilia and her daughter Teresa. The closing caption mentions that around 30,000 Argentines disappeared between 1976 and 1983."] ["When his father dies, Paul Prior , a disillusioned and battle-weary war photographer, decides to return home to an isolated town in the South Island of New Zealand. His brother Andrew , a local ostrich farmer, is caught off-guard by Paul's sudden reappearance after 17 years away. Worlds apart, they barely recognise each other. Andrew, a pious man, pressures Paul into staying to help sort out the sale of their father's cottage and the adjoining orchard. Andrew is married to the highly religious Penny . Reluctantly revisiting the dilapidated family property, Paul discovers the old den tucked away in the equipment shed. It belonged to his orchardist father Jeff  who, away from his puritanical wife Iris , had secretly harboured a love of wine, literature and free-thinking philosophy. When Paul as a child had accidentally stumbled upon this wondrous booklined universe, he had been included in his father's secret, promising never to tell anyone about it. Paul sets about clearing up and stumbles upon 16-year-old Celia  in the den. She has been using the derelict hide-away as a private haven to write her stories and to fuel her dream of living in Europe, far away from the small town she longs to escape. Paul curtly sends her away, unaware that she is the daughter of his first girlfriend, Jackie , now the local butcher. Paul's former principal persuades him to take up a temporary relief position at the local high school teaching English. Celia, who has a passion for writing and thirst for experience of the world, is one of his students. Intrigued, Paul allows her to visit him at home. It isn't long, however, before their growing friendship comes under scrutiny from a judgemental Andrew and an envious Jackie. Paul is very protective of Celia, who doesn't think she fits in with the youth culture of the town and feels unsafe at home with her mother's sleazy boyfriend, Gareth . After Gareth beats her, Paul violently confronts him. Celia and Paul are forbidden to see each other. Despite the warnings, Celia continues to visit and Paul encourages her in her ambitions as a writer. While the relationship seems to be something Paul cherishes, we also see his struggle with intimacy with other women and his vices in drink and sometimes drugs. Suddenly, in the middle of winter, Celia goes missing. Paul is the last to see her, but denies knowing her whereabouts. He faces not only mounting suspicions and violent threats within the township itself, but also has his own wavering doubts about his involvement with Celia. Concerned for Celia's safety, Paul admits that on the morning she went missing she'd made him promise not to tell a soul about her ticket to Spain. When Jackie discovers a packed suitcase beneath Celia's bed, along with a passport, the urgency of a police enquiry is raised. As the painful truth gradually emerges, Paul is forced to confront his own family tragedy and betrayal that he ran away from as a youth, and to face the grievous consequences of silence and secrecy that has surrounded his entire adult life. The rest of the film is shown in flashbacks of Paul's teenage years intercut with his interactions with Celia. His suspicion of her parentage is documentes, and he calls attention to the fact that she was born to Jackie eight months after he left. Celia finds Paul's wallet, hidden away in the den, and within it the picture Paul found of Celia as a baby; she assumes he is her father. However, it is revealed that her biological father was actually Paul's father, whom the teenaged Paul  witnessed having sex with Jackie in the den. As a result, Paul's mother Iris shot herself in the river in view of Paul, and that is why he left at age 17. Andrew was kept in the dark about everything, and did not find out about his father and Jackie's affair until Celia was mentioned in his father's will. Andrew blames Paul for his lonely upbringing and for leaving him to grow up with Jeff, whom he never connected with . In a flashback we see Andrew begging Paul to stay as he walks out. Through confrontations with his nephew Jonathan , and later Andrew, Paul learns of how Penny accidentally killed Celia. Jonathan, an aspiring photographer, was given a camera by Paul and used it to take pictures of an unknowing Celia; Andrew found them and took the camera and the photos. Penny stumbled upon them in Andrew's desk, and assumed Celia was Andrew's lover. It wasn't until an angry Andrew saw Celia walking home  that he stopped her to inform her of her inheritance. He took her to his house, and as he was finding the documents, Penny discovered Celia and assumed the worst. Through a misunderstanding of what each was talking about — Celia asking if Penny knew she was Andrew's sister, Penny assuming Celia was mocking her for not knowing she was Andrew's lover — Penny became enraged and pushed Celia over the balcony. Jonathan calls the police, and Andrew, taking the blame for his wife, is arrested. Celia's body is found in a river, and after the funeral, Paul burns the den and reconciles with Jackie. The film closes with a flashback to the last time Paul saw Celia; they openly talk about being siblings, and they say goodbye as she walks down the road to her untimely death."] ['For most of his childhood, 17-year-old Michael Oher  has been in foster care with different families, largely because of his mother\'s drug addiction, throughout Memphis, Tennessee. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend\'s father, whose couch Mike had been sleeping on, asks Burt Cotton ([[Ray McKinnon , the coach of Wingate Christian school, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike\'s size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his abysmal academic record. At his new school, Michael is befriended by a boy named Sean Jr. "SJ" . SJ\'s mother Leigh Anne Tuohy  is a strong-minded interior designer and the wife of wealthy businessman Sean Tuohy . Leigh Anne notices Michael walking on the road, shivering in the cold; when she learns he intends to spend the night huddled outside the school gym, she offers him a place to sleep at her house. The next morning, when she sees Michael leaving, she asks him to spend the Thanksgiving holiday with her family. Slowly, Michael becomes a member of the Tuohy family, even as Leigh Anne\'s rich friends wonder what she is doing. One even suggests that her teenage daughter Collins  is not safe around him, much to Leigh Anne\'s disgust. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael\'s legal guardian, she learns he was separated from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that even though he scored low in almost every category in a career aptitude test, he is in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts". After his grades improve, Michael is allowed to join the school football team. He has a shaky start due to his polite and gentle nature, yet after some encouragement by Leigh Anne to tap into his "protective instincts" and regard his teammates as he would members of his family, Michael dominates on the field. SJ sends out videos of the games to college coaches around the country. Leigh Anne discovers that to get a NCAA Division I scholarship, Michael needs a 2.5 GPA, so they hire a tutor, Miss Sue . Some of the teachers help out as well, and Michael ends up with a GPA of 2.52. When coaches come to recruit Michael, Leigh Anne makes it clear that she prefers the University of Mississippi  as both she and her husband are alumni. Miss Sue, another Ole Miss alumna, tells Michael  that the FBI buries body parts under the University of Tennessee\'s Neyland Stadium for research; Leigh Anne particularly loathes that school. Michael commits to Ole Miss. Subsequently, Michael and the Tuohys become the subject of an NCAA investigation. The investigator tells Michael that the Tuohys and Miss Sue are fervent Mississippi boosters, who are subject to special restrictions, and his high school coach got a job at Ole Miss after Michael chose the school. Michael confronts Leigh Anne, asking her if she only took him in so he would play football for her alma mater. Michael then goes to his birth mother\'s apartment in the projects. His old friends welcome him, but their leader makes crude remarks about Leigh Anne and Collins. Michael becomes angry and in the ensuing fight subdues his former friends and then flees. Leigh Anne searches for Michael. He finally calls her, and they meet. Leigh Anne tells him she will support any decision he makes. Michael satisfies the investigator by explaining that he chose Ole Miss because his whole family has gone there. Later, Leigh Anne and her family take Michael to the Ole Miss campus to begin college. The film ends with an emotional goodbye between Leigh Anne and Michael. The closing credits show the 2009 NFL Draft with the real Michael Oher being drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round. Photographs of Oher and the real Tuohys follow, with Oher\'s success in the NFL detailed. The credits include a dedication to director John Lee Hancock\'s father, a football player and coach who died in 2009.'] ["Angela's Ashes tells the story of Frank McCourt and his childhood after his family are forced to move from America back to Ireland because of financial difficulties and family problems derived from his father's alcoholism. The film chronicles young McCourt's life in Limerick, Ireland, during his childhood in the 1930s and 1940s, the difficulties that ensued, and finally Frank's way of earning enough money to return to the land of his dreams: America. Michael Legge was praised for his portrayal of the adolescent Frank. In particular, he was said to acquiesce his role as an innocent teenager growing up with typical coming of age rites such as sexuality, maturity and peer pressure in a Catholic Irish setting."] ["A divorced woman  moves to San Francisco from Omaha with her young son. She's trying to re-build her life after her divorce, she leaves her son with his grandmother. She joins the choir of a local church. She has some issues with the choirmaster  who tries to get the choir into shape before the Christmas concert. The choir overcome some personal setbacks as they all deal with personal issues. Zoe  thinks of quitting the choir all together when push comes to shove."] ['The film is set during the 1984–1985 UK miners\' strike, and centres on the character of 11-year-old Billy Elliot , his love of dance and his hope to become a professional ballet dancer. Billy lives with his widowed father, Jackie ([[Gary Lewis , and older brother, Tony , both coal miners out on strike, and also his invalid Nan , who once aspired to be a professional dancer in Durham. Jackie takes Billy to the Sports Centre to learn boxing, but Billy dislikes the sport. He happens upon a ballet class that is using the gym while their usual basement studio in the Sports Centre is temporarily being used as a soup kitchen for the striking miners. Unknown to Jackie, Billy joins the ballet class. When Jackie discovers this, he forbids Billy to take any more ballet. But, passionate about dancing, Billy secretly continues lessons with his dance teacher Sandra Wilkinson\'s  help. Mrs. Wilkinson believes Billy is talented enough to study at the Royal Ballet School in London, but due to Tony\'s arrest during a skirmish between police and striking miners, Billy misses the audition. Mrs. Wilkinson tells Jackie about the missed opportunity, but fearing that Billy will be considered a "poof", both Jackie and Tony are outraged at the prospect of Billy becoming a professional ballet dancer. Over Christmas, Billy learns his best friend, Michael is gay. Although Billy is not, he is supportive of his friend. Later, Jackie catches Billy dancing in the gym and realises his son is truly gifted; he will do whatever it takes to help Billy attain his dream. Jackie attempts to cross the picket line to pay for the trip to London, but Tony blocks him. Instead, his fellow miners and the neighbourhood raise some money,and Jackie sells Billy\'s mum\'s jewelry to cover the cost and Jackie takes him to London to audition for the Royal Ballet School. Though highly nervous, Billy performs well, but he punches another boy in his frustration at the audition and the fear that he has ruined his chance of attaining his dream. He is sternly rebuked by the review board. Seemingly rejected, Billy returns home with his father. Sometime later, he receives a letter accepting him to the Royal Ballet School, and he leaves home to attend. The film\'s final scene is set fourteen years later : the mature Billy (dancer/actor [[Adam Cooper  takes the stage to perform the lead in Matthew Bourne\'s Swan Lake, as Jackie, Tony, and Michael watch in the audience.'] [' Mae Doyle  returns to her home town, the fishing village of Monterey, California after ten years "back East." Her fisherman brother Joe  is not particularly pleased to see her, but accepts her back into the family home. His girlfriend Peggy  is more welcoming. When Joe asks Mae about the rich man she was seeing, she explains he was a married politician. He died and left her some money, but his wife and relatives took her to court and won. Mae begins to date Jerry ([[Paul Douglas , a good-natured, unsophisticated fisherman with his own boat. Mae instantly despises Jerry\'s friend, Earl Pfeiffer , a bitter, dissatisfied film projectionist. Mae\'s politician lover had made her feel more confident in herself; in stark contrast, Earl has a low opinion of women in general and makes no attempt to hide it. His wife is a vaudeville performer who is away frequently on tour. Earl, sensing a kindred restless spirit, is attracted to Mae right away. Jerry is oblivious to the tension between the two and soon asks Mae to marry him, despite her warning that she is not good for him. Mae decides to accept, even though she does not love or even respect her future husband, for the security and in the hope that she can change. After having a baby girl with Jerry, Mae becomes bored and restless after a year. Earl, now divorced, makes a move on Mae. She resists at first, but then begins an affair with him. Jerry\'s uncle Vince , who bears a grudge against Mae, tells his disbelieving nephew. When Jerry confronts the couple, Mae admits that she wants to leave Jerry to be with Earl. After a few drinks and prodded on by Vince, Jerry finds and starts strangling Earl, until Mae arrives and breaks up the fight. Jerry leaves, horrified at what almost happened. When Mae goes home to take her baby away, she finds the crib empty. Earl tries to coax Mae to leave with him anyway, without the baby, but this does not sit well with Mae. After trading bitter recriminations, she breaks up with him. Mae repents and convinces Jerry to take her back.'] ["Berthe, an elderly widow, is forced by her declining health to close the French farmhouse where she has spent much of her life. She moves in with her daughter Émilie and son in law Bruno who share a legal practice and have two grown up children: Anne, a law university student, and Lucien, who was adopted. In spite of Émilie’s efforts, Berthe is not happy in her daughter’s bourgeois home in Blagnac. She sits by the swimming pool in the middle of the night talking to herself and finds the house pretentious. Worried about her mother's physical and mental health, Émilie pays a visit to her unmarried younger brother, Antoine, a neurosurgeon. They have not seen each other for three years, since they quarreled at their father’s funeral. Émilie informs Antoine of their mother's condition and invites him to a Christmas dinner with the entire family. On Christmas Eve, Antoine arrives at his sister's home when Émilie, Bruno and their daughter are leaving for midnight mass. The neurotic Antoine has to remind himself not to be carried away and spoil the evening. As he wanders though the house looking for his mother, Antoine surprises his nephew Lucien, who works at a night club in town, making out with Khadija, Émilie and Bruno’s uninhibited Moroccan secretary who has been invited to spend Christmas with the family. Antoine promises not to tell anything. When he finds his mother's room, Berthe is delighted to see her son, but complains about living with her daughter. She dislikes Bruno, has no affection for the grandchildren and does not value her daughter’s efforts to make her feel at ease. Dinner is lively, but after the youngsters leave for Lucien’s room, tempers flares between Bruno and Antoine and they end up in a fist fight. Bruno becomes angry; Antoine leaves with a bleeding nose and Berthe departs with her son. Talking later with Bruno, Émilie loathes what they have become. Anne is distraught with the family's dispute and looks to Khadija for solace. Berthe returns to live alone at her farm but she suffers a stroke. This forces Émilie to visit her brother once again. Antoine has moved to a small apartment in Toulouse. He is glad to learn that Émilie has separated from Bruno. The siblings agree to place their mother in a nursing home as the only viable option. They pick up Berthe and on the drive they remember old times. When Émilie and Antoine sing as they used to when they were children, Berthe cheers up. On a stop during the trip, Antoine fulfills a childhood dream and goes skinny dipping in a river. Berthe introduces her children to the director of the retirement home. She took good care of her children and they are now two very successful professionals who are too busy to take care of her, she says bitterly. Pressured by her brother, Émilie spends a night at Antoine’s apartment. He gives her a pill to help her sleep and joins Khadija and Anne at the bar where Lucien works. Anne has now given up her law studies and works in a music shop. Lucien and Khadija have a rocky relationship. Antonie tries to rekindle the childhood closeness that he enjoyed with his sister. When Antoine and Émilie visit their mother at the retirement home, Berthe’s physical and mental health has visibly deteriorated. She wished she would have had a third child because that child would have taken care of her. Émilie and Antoine remove their mother from the nursing home. An exam at the hospital where Antoine works confirms their suspicion that Berthe is in her final decline. Émilie moves back to her house at Blagnac. Antoine breaks into the house to talk to her, and they have an argument. They recriminate each other about their behavior towards their sick mother. Feeling guilty, Antoine makes a halfhearted attempt to commit suicide. He jumps from the balcony of his apartment breaking a leg. Berthe dies alone at the hospital. After the funeral, Antoine, Émilie, Bruno, Lucien, Anne and Khadija meet at the house in Blagnac and have breakfast outdoors. During the conversation Anne asks the others which is their favorite season since she does not have one. At Antoine’s departure Émilie recites a poem which she learned as a song when she was a child. She used to sing that song while waiting at school for the holidays to be reunited with Antoine."] ['Before the Civil War, the Dabney family of Virginia sold their slave, Shadrach , to plantation owners in Alabama, separating him from his family. In 1935, during the Great Depression, Shadrach—at the age of 99—walks the 600 miles from his home in Alabama to the Dabney farm in Virginia. His one request is to be buried in the soil of the farm where he was born into slavery. The farm is owned by the descendants of the Dabney family, consisting of Vernon , Trixie  and their seven children. But to bury a black man on that land is a violation of strict Virginia law, so the family goes through the arduous task of figuring out how to grant his request. Along the way they form a touching bond with the former slave and sharecropper, who has outlived both his former wives and some 35 children.'] ['Two brothers  discuss the positive and negative aspects of adultery as their mother lies beside them in a coma, while their brother Rémi  attempts to discourage them. Their conversations become more explicit as time passes.'] ['It is a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philadelphia, where 12-year old Gennaro lives with his widowed mom and his ailing grandfather. His grandfather sits outside holding tight to his last quarter. He has promised the quarter to Gennaro so the boy can buy a ticket to a plush new movie theater. But grandpa is not ready to pass on the quarter or pass on to his final reward. He has some unfinished business with a woman from his past, and he enlists Gennaro to act as his emissary.'] ['Amidst endless construction and aircraft noise, a family whose father died in the war slowly disintegrates, as the daughter and stepmother juggle for position.'] ['Nora is in sixth grade in the Högalid School  in Stockholm. She is torn between spending time with the cool girls Fanny and Sabina and the bullied Karin.'] ['A family musical with heart, Rising Stars explores the sacrifices that come with fame in reality television-obsessed culture. Challenged with creating songs and music videos, three musical acts find more than their futures on the line when the competition gets fierce and their lives are caught on tape broadcast to the nation. Egos clash and worlds collide as these teens find how far they will go to win the coveted prize and achieve stardom.'] ["Jack  is a former womanizer and fashion photographer who is put in charge of his sister's 17-year-old-son when she leaves to find herself. During her leave, he attempts to revive his career while re-establishing a relationship with his nephew and son. In the midst of all this, Eli , his sister's ex-husband moves in after he loses his job."] ['Real life father and son Thiagarajan and Prashanth will do the father-son role in the film. Prashanth plays the character Anbu and Uma is his sister Thamizh.'] ["The film takes place in and around Cape Town and a nearby township, Khayelitsha. The film centers around two black 14-year-old friends, Madiba  and Sipho . One day, as they are playing alongside the railroad tracks, they find a dead body. With him they find a gun with one bullet and a video camera. Sipho takes the gun and Madiba takes the camera, which he puts inside a wooden toy camera to make it seem a not-working toy. Sipho seems to harmlessly joke about the gun at first, but begins spending more time in Cape Town, robbing parking meters and paying for glue to sniff. He eventually starts living in abandoned places in Cape Town with a group of thugs. Madiba films the world around him, finding beauty in both Khayelitsha and Cape Town. He tries many filming techniques and is skilled, but finds his videos very personal and does not normally let other people see them. While in Cape Town, he meets and forges an unlikely friendship with a white Cape Town girl, Estelle  from a rich family, who gets into conflict with her racist father about this. Sipho uses the gun to rob people. Madiba disapproves and does not want any of the stolen money, but still considers him his friend. One of Sipho's robberies goes wrong and he is killed. In the end Madiba and Estelle run off and take a train together"] ['J.T. Hope, a former police officer and marine, owner of a ranch called "Circle Hope Ranch" decides to start a program for troubled teens on his ranch to help rehabilitate them and help them get out of the life of crime, drugs and other bad things. Hope starts the program and 3 boys are brought in to the new program. J.T. has 2 good friends who work with him on the ranch, Shorty, and Colt Webb, a former juvenile delinquent who was given a second chance with the help of J.T. Hope.'] ['The film opens with Tom Joad , released from prison and hitchhiking his way back to his parents\' family farm in Oklahoma. Tom finds an itinerant ex-preacher named Jim Casy  sitting under a tree by the side of the road. Casy was the preacher who baptized Tom, but now Casy has "lost the spirit" and his faith . Casy goes with Tom to the Joad property only to find it deserted. There, they meet Muley  who is hiding out. In a flashback, he describes how farmers all over the area were forced from their farms by the deed holders of the land. A local boy , hired for the purpose, is shown knocking down Muley\'s house with a Caterpillar tractor. Following this, Tom and Casy move on to find the Joad family at Tom\'s Uncle John\'s place. His family is happy to see Tom and explain they have made plans to head for California in search of employment, as their farm has been foreclosed by the bank. The large Joad family of twelve leaves at daybreak, along with Casy who decides to come. They pack everything into a dilapidated 1926 Hudson "Super Six" sedan adapted to serve as a truck in order to make the long journey to the promised land of California.  The trip along Highway 66 is arduous, and it soon takes a toll on the Joad family. The elderly Grandpa  dies along the way. After he dies, they pull over to the shoulder of the road, unload him, and bury him. Tom writes the circumstances surrounding the death on a page from the Family Bible and places it on the body so that if his remains were found, his death would not be investigated as a possible homicide. They park in a camp and meet a man, a migrant returning from California, who laughs at Pa\'s optimism about conditions in California. He speaks bitterly about his experiences in the West. The family arrives at the first transient migrant campground for workers and finds the camp is crowded with other starving, jobless and desperate travelers. Their truck slowly makes its way through the dirt road between the shanty houses and around the camp\'s hungry-faced inhabitants. Tom says, "Sure don\'t look none too prosperous." After some trouble with a so-called "agitator," the Joads leave the camp in a hurry. The Joads make their way to another migrant camp, the Keene Ranch. After doing some work in the fields, they discover the high food prices in the company store for meat and other products. The store is the only one in the area, by a long shot. Later they find a group of migrant workers are striking, and Tom wants to find out all about it. He goes to a secret meeting in the dark woods. When the meeting is discovered, Casy is killed by one of the camp guards. As Tom tries to defend Casy from the attack, he inadvertently kills the guard. Tom suffers a serious wound on his cheek, and the camp guards realize it won\'t be difficult to identify him. That evening the family hides Tom under the mattresses of the truck just as guards arrive to question them; they are searching for the man who killed the guard. Tom avoids being spotted and the family leaves the Keene Ranch without further incident. After driving for a while, they have to stop at the top of a hill when the engine overheats due to a broken fan belt; they have little gas, but decide to try coasting down the hill to some lights. The lights are from a third type of camp: Farmworkers\' Wheat Patch Camp , a clean camp run by the Department of Agriculture, complete with indoor toilets and showers, which the Joad children had never seen before. Tom is moved to work for change by what he has witnessed in the various camps. He tells his family that he plans to carry on Casy\'s mission in the world by fighting for social reform. He leaves to seek a new world and to join the movement committed to social justice. Tom Joad says: I\'ll be all around in the dark. I\'ll be everywhere. Wherever you can look, wherever there\'s a fight, so hungry people can eat, I\'ll be there. Wherever there\'s a cop beatin\' up a guy, I\'ll be there. I\'ll be in the way guys yell when they\'re mad. I\'ll be in the way kids laugh when they\'re hungry and they know supper\'s ready, and when the people are eatin\' the stuff they raise and livin\' in the houses they build, I\'ll be there, too. As the family moves on again, they discuss the fear and difficulties they have had. Ma Joad concludes the film, saying: I ain\'t never gonna be scared no more. I was, though. For a while it looked as though we was beat. Good and beat. Looked like we didn\'t have nobody in the whole wide world but enemies. Like nobody was friendly no more. Made me feel kinda bad and scared too, like we was lost and nobody cared.... Rich fellas come up and they die, and their kids ain\'t no good and they die out, but we keep on coming. We\'re the people that live. They can\'t wipe us out, they can\'t lick us. We\'ll go on forever, Pa, cos we\'re the people.   The first part of the film version follows the book fairly accurately. However, the second half and the ending in particular are significantly different from the book. While the book ends with the downfall and break-up of the Joad family, the film switches the order of sequences so that the family ends up in a &#34;good&#34; camp provided by the government, and events turn out relatively well.{{citation needed}} In the novel Rose-of-Sharon  Rivers  gives birth to a stillborn baby. Later she offers her milk-filled breasts to a starving man, dying in a barn. These scenes were not included in the film. While the film is somewhat stark, it has a more optimistic and hopeful view than the novel, especially when the Joads land at the Department of Agriculture camp – the clean camp.{{citation needed}}Steinbeck, John. The Grapes of Wrath, 1939. Penguin Classics; Reissue edition October 1, 1992. Ivy and Sairy Wilson, who attend to Grandpa&#39;s death and travel with the Joads until they reach California, are left out of the movie. Noah&#39;s departure from the family is passed over in the movie. In the book, Floyd tells Tom about how the workers were being exploited, but in the movie he does not appear until after the deputy arrives in Hooverville. Sandry, the religious fanatic who scares Rose of Sharon, is left out of the movie. Vivian Sobchack argued that the film uses visual imagery to focus on the Joads as a family unit, whereas the novel focuses on their journey as a part of the &#34;family of man&#34;. She points out that their farm is never shown in detail, and that the family members are never shown working in agriculture; not a single peach is shown in the entire film. This subtly serves to focus the film on the specific family, as opposed to the novel&#39;s focus on man and land together.{{cite journal}}'] ["Rhapsody in August is a tale of three generations and their responses to the atomic bombing of Japan. Kane is an elderly woman whose husband was killed in the bombing of Nagasaki. Next, come her two children and their spouses, all of whom grew up in postwar Japan, as well as their Nisei cousin Clark  who grew up in America. Finally, there are Kane's four grandchildren, who were born after the Japanese economic miracle and provide most of the dialogue in the film. Kane's grandchildren come to visit her at her rural home on Kyūshū one summer while their parents visit a man who may or may not be Kane's brother in Hawaii. Like most children, they are bored out of their minds, find her cooking to be disgusting, and escape to the urban environment of Nagasaki the first chance they get. While in Nagasaki the children visit the spot where their grandfather was killed in 1945 and become aware of the atomic bombing for the first time in their lives. They slowly come to have more respect for their grandmother and also grow to question the United States for dropping the Bomb. In the meantime they receive a telegram from their American cousins, who turn out to be rich and offer the parents a job managing their pineapple fields in Hawaii. Matters are complicated when, in their response, the grandchildren mention the attack, which infuriates their parents. To smooth things over, one of the Japanese-Americans  travels to Japan to be with Kane for the anniversary. While there, Kane and the grandchildren reconcile with Clark over the bombing."] ['In 1950, a Hungarian couple, Peter and Margit, are forced to flee from their oppressive Communist country for the USA with their eldest daughter Maria. Unfortunately, they are forced to leave behind their infant daughter, Suzanne, who is raised by a kind foster couple. Five years later, Peter and Margit arrange for the American Red Cross to bring Suzanne to their new home in Los Angeles. There, the perplexed young girl is forced to accept her sudden change in home and country, which leads to a troubled upbringing. At age 15, Suzanne, rebellious and unsure of herself, tries to come to terms with her roots and decides to travel back to Budapest, Hungary, to unravel her past and to find her true identity.'] ["Writer Leo Shepherd is informed that he has won the Nobel Prize. He lives in the Swiss countryside with his daughter, Virginie, who has given up her entire life for him, and he has an estranged son, Paul, who lives in the city. Leo makes his way to Sweden on a motorcycle, against the advice of his friends. Paul hears of his father having won the prize, and calls him to congratulate him, but his sister refuses to let Paul speak to their father. Still wishing to reconnect with his father, Paul sets off to find him. They first meet up at a petrol station, and later at the scene of an accident. Leo barely manages to survive. Taking advantage of the confusion, Paul kidnaps Leo, claiming that his father had not spent much time with him when he was growing up. Meanwhile, Leo's identification papers are found at the scene of the accident, and he is reported dead. Paul ties up Leo with yellow tape, and takes him on a road trip, giving Paul an opportunity to have his say and make Leo listen."] ['Agnes Hurley  is a frowsy and disillusioned housewife, married to Bronx cabdriver, Tom Hurley . She wants something better for her daughter, Jane . When Jane announces her engagement to Ralph Halloran , Aggie sees this as an opportunity to have an elaborate wedding, with caterers and all the trimmings, despite the fact that the family cannot afford it and the daughter does not want it. The film deals with the ensuing conflicts within the family, which also involve Uncle Jack Conlon  and most of the neighborhood. It is not until the end of the film that the vain mother realizes what a fool she has been in forcing her own fantasy onto her family.'] ['Beth left her small town and despite the disapproval of her parents, married Jake “the Muss” Heke. After eighteen years they live in an unkempt council house and have six children. Their interpretations of life and being Māori are tested. Their eldest daughter, Grace, keeps a journal in which she chronicles events as well as stories which she tells her younger siblings. Jake is fired from his job and is satisfied with the unemployment benefit, spending most of the days getting drunk at the local pub with his friends. There he is in his element, buying drinks, singing songs and savagely beating any other patron whom he considers to have stepped out of line. He often invites huge crowds of friends back from the bar to his home for wild parties. While Jake portrays himself as an easy-going man out for a good time, he has a vicious temper when drinking. This is highlighted when his wife dares to “get lippy” at one of his parties and he savagely attacks her in front of their friends. Beth is shown to love her kids deeply but is incredibly flawed and weak. She too turns to drink when things go wrong, with angry outbursts and occasional violence on a much smaller scale. Her children are shown to do everything for themselves and even resignedly clean the blood-streaked house after her beating, which is obviously not a first from their reaction. Nig, the Heke’s eldest son, moves out to join a street gang whose rituals include facial tattoos . This usually shows the heritage of the person; in Nig’s case, he shows only the heritage of his mother, with the Moko located on only one side of his face. He is subjected to a merciless beating by the gang members but then embraced as a new brother by the leader and later sports the gang’s tattoos. Nig cares about his siblings, but despises his father for his thoughtless brutality. He is angered when his mother is beaten, but deals with it by walking away. The third son, Mark “Boogie” Heke has a history of minor criminal offences and is taken from his family and placed in a foster home as a ward of the state due to the situation with his parents. Despite his initial anger, Boogie finds a new niche for himself, as the foster home’s manager Mr. Bennett helps him embrace his Māori heritage. Jake does not care that Boogie is taken away; he comments that it will do him some good, to toughen him up a bit. Beth is heartbroken, and goes to an effort to get the money together to visit him. Jake pays for the rental car from gambling winnings but deserts the family to go to the pub and they never make the journey. Grace, the Heke’s 13-year-old daughter, loves writing stories as an escape from the brutality of her life. Her best friend is a homeless boy named Toot who lives in a wrecked car. She despises the future she believes is inevitable and is constantly reminded of getting married and playing the role of the wife, which she believes is catering to one’s husband’s demands and taking a beating when one has deserved it. She dreams of leaving and being independent and single. Grace is raped in her bed by father’s friend “Uncle Bully” who tells her that it is her fault for “turning him on” by wearing her “skimpy little nighty”. She becomes depressed. She tries to go to her friend Toot for support, but he kisses her, trying to show his love for her. She reacts violently and storms out, believing him to be “just like the rest of them”. After wandering through the city streets one night, Grace comes home to an angry Jake. As she is about to go to bed, Bully asks for a goodnight kiss in front of everyone, to test his power over her. Grace refuses and her father tears up her journal and nearly beats her up. She runs out to the backyard crying. Beth returns home a minute later and goes outside looking for Grace, only to find that she has hanged herself from a tree branch. Jake is soon kicked out of home by a newly defiant Beth after he refuses to change his lifestyle and stays in the pub with his mates while the rest of the family are attending Grace’s traditional Māori funeral ceremony. Beth stands up to him properly for the first time as he refuses to let her be taken to the marae; he has always felt second rate for not being in touch with his heritage, in his words, “a black bastard”. The film cuts back and forth between the mourning, Jake in the pub bottling it up and the family on the marae. Boogie impresses Beth with his Māori singing at the funeral and Toot says his goodbyes, telling her the gentle kiss was all he meant by it. Boogie reassures Toot that Grace loved him and Beth tells him to live with them. Reading Grace’s diary later that day, Beth finds out about the rape and confronts Jake in the pub. Jake at first threatens Beth, but Nig steps between them, protecting his mother. He hands him Grace’s diary and Jake, true to form, reacts by severely beating Bully, even to the point of stabbing him with a glass bottle in the crotch. Beth blames Jake just as much as Bully for allowing the circumstances under which it happened. She leaves and states her intentions to leave with their children and return to her Māori village and traditions, defiantly telling Jake that her Māori heritage gives her the strength to resist his control over her. Jake hopelessly sits on a curb outside the pub as the family leaves, with sirens wailing in the background, presumably for him.'] ["The Keller family are the owners of a successful garment business based in Los Angeles, California. The story mainly revolves around Jacob Keller's ([[John Saxon  youngest son Joseph ([[Freddy Rodriguez . Because Jacob treats Joseph as if he is his favorite son, Joseph's brothers Ashton, Simon, and Robert plot to eliminate Joseph. They accomplish this by going on a business trip with Joseph, only to have him kidnapped and taken to a sweat shop run by sadistic sweat shop owner Frank Childress . After trying to escape from the sweat shop, Joseph is beaten up by Frank's right-hand man Thompsonn  and put in a small prison-like cell. However, Joseph is given a chance by Frank to work in his office. Joseph's business savvy helps Frank's business, and soon Frank introduces Joseph to his wife Clara . Clara attempts to come on to Joseph, but Joseph rejects her advances. Enraged, Clara false claims that Joseph is coming on to her. Frank manages to overhear Clara's claims, and he has Joseph shipped off to an insane asylum. While in the asylum, Joseph becomes acquainted with other inmates, notably Parker . The two strike up an instant friendship. Eventually, Joseph is released from the asylum and promises to Parker that he will get him out one day. After leaving the asylum, Joseph gets a job at a bank and manages to get a very prestigious position in a short matter of time. Not forgetting his old friend, Joseph manages to get Parker a respectable job in the bank. Around this time, his long-lost family is in need of a bank loan in order to keep their garment business alive. Jacob's three eldest sons go to the bank and attempt to get a loan. Unbeknownst to them, they are to be in the same room with their long-lost brother Joseph. When Joseph asks what their name is, they tell him their name is Keller and he realizes that they are his long-lost family, but he does not reveal this to them. He tells them that the deal will not be considered unless their father Jacob came there in person. A few weeks later, the three Keller boys come back to the bank, this time accompanied by Jacob. However, Joseph still does not reveal who he is. Finally, Joseph comes to the Keller home to finalize the deal during a family dinner. Before the deal can be finalized, Joseph reveals to Jacob that he is his long-lost son Joseph Keller. After a tear-filled reunion, the entire Keller family rejoices in the fact that their family is once again complete."] ['The story picks up almost a year after the first film, and following the events of the second film. Having lost the Cobra Kai dojo and all of his students, Sensei John Kreese  visits his Vietnam War comrade Terry Silver , who is also a fellow Cobra Kai karate expert and owed his life to Kreese who saved him "more times than I can remember" in Vietnam; indeed, Silver is later indicated to be the majority owner of the Cobra Kai dojo, telling Kreese he didn\'t buy it for the money, he bought it for him. Silver and Kreese scheme to take revenge on Daniel and his teacher, Mr. Miyagi , and make Cobra Kai successful once again. Terry sends Kreese to Tahiti to get rested up and get his life back in order. Unseen by each other, as Silver drives off and Kreese walks into the airport terminal, Daniel and Mr Miyagi are leaving the terminal on their return to Los Angeles. Upon returning home to Los Angeles, Daniel and Miyagi find out that the South Seas apartment building Daniel lives in has been demolished, which puts Miyagi out of work; Daniel\'s mother is in New Jersey caring for her 70 year old Uncle Louie who has Emphysema. Daniel wants to use his college funds to realize Miyagi\'s dream of opening a bonsai tree store, but Miyagi insists that he use the money to go to college; going against Miyagi\'s wishes, Daniel uses the money to purchase a building. When Daniel visits a pottery store across the street, he meets Jessica Andrews , and they instantly become friends. Silver recruits "Karate\'s Bad Boy" Mike Barnes  and promises him 25% of potential Cobra Kai profits if he succeeds in claiming Daniel\'s title at the upcoming All-Valley Karate Tournament, but Barnes demands 50% and Silver gives it to him. After breaking into Miyagi\'s home, Silver overhears Daniel tell Miyagi that he will not be participating in the tournament, as Miyagi felt that defense of the title would merely be fighting for personal reward. That evening at the bonsai store, Daniel and Jessica are confronted by Mike and Snake , one of Silver\'s goons. They threaten to harm Daniel if he does not enter the tournament. Daniel declines, and Mike departs in a heated rage. At a later date, Daniel and Jessica are once again confronted by Mike and Snake, who are now joined by Mike\'s personal trainer Dennis . When Daniel again refuses to enter the tournament, a small skirmish breaks out before Miyagi shows up to fend off the three men. Later, Miyagi and Daniel arrive home to find their stock of bonsai has been stolen, with a tournament application hanging in their place. After reporting the harassment and theft to the local police, Daniel and Jessica decide to dig up a bonsai tree which Miyagi had planted halfway down the cliffs surrounding the Devil\'s Cauldron. Daniel thinks they can use the tree, which is the one true bonsai Miyagi brought from Okinawa, as a new source of capital, although Jessica doubts Miyagi will condone this sale of a valuable family heirloom. After Jessica slips off a cliff, Daniel accidentally drops the tree at the bottom. Whilst Daniel and Jessica are at the bottom of the Cauldron, Silver\'s goons arrive and retract their climbing ropes, leaving Daniel no choice but to finally sign up for the tournament. After pulling both Daniel and Jessica to safety, Barnes maliciously breaks the valuable tree. Daniel returns to the shop with Miyagi’s damaged bonsai, which Miyagi immediately attempts to mend. Miyagi has sold his truck in order to buy a new stock of trees, and refuses to train Daniel for the tournament. Silver, who has befriended Daniel numerous times under the fraudulent guise of a humble friend of Kreese, sent to apologize on behalf of their Korean master for Kreese\'s previous actions and tells him that Kreese died from a heart attack, offers to "train" Daniel at the Cobra Kai dojo. Daniel accepts, and during the training sessions, Silver instructs Daniel in many cheap and corrupt ways of fighting, consistently discouraging Daniel from using his kata. Silver repeatedly invites Daniel to attack a wooden dummy, making his knuckles bleed; revenge for the similar injury Kreese sustained when attacking Miyagi. Miyagi tends to Daniel\'s wounds with a special balm, but after subsequently asking Daniel about his erratic behavior, Daniel reproaches Miyagi angrily, saying that he is merely attempting to resolve his own problems, and that Miyagi should not concern himself with his problems if he will not help him. After several sessions, Daniel eventually destroys the entire dummy, at which point Silver proclaims that he is ready to win the tournament. That night, Silver bribes a man into provoking a fight with Daniel while on a date with Jessica. In response, Daniel punches the man, breaking his nose. Shocked by his own aggressive behavior, he apologizes for his recent actions and makes amends with Miyagi and Jessica. Daniel visits Silver at the dojo to inform him that he no longer wishes to train with him, and that he will not be competing in the tournament. Silver reveals his true agenda to Daniel, and both Mike and Kreese enter the room. After Mike pummels and chases Daniel out of the dojo, Miyagi arrives and quickly fends off all three opponents. Afterwards, Miyagi finally decides to train Daniel for the upcoming tournament. They train by Devil\'s Cauldron, where they replant the now-healed bonsai. At the tournament, Mike makes his way up to the final round to face Daniel. Silver orders Mike to alternately score points and then intentionally lose them by incurring penalties under the new tournament rules with illegal moves designed to hurt Daniel and break his spirit. Mike is to continue this for the duration of the three-minute regulation period, and then score a quick point in sudden death. By the end of the match, Daniel is nearly beaten, but Miyagi tells him to focus, and remember his training that it is okay to lose, but not to fear. In the sudden death round, Daniel finds his resolve, and again begins the kata that Miyagi taught him. A hesitant and confused Mike finally comes in to attack, and Daniel quickly counters by throwing him to the ground and scoring a point with a punch to Mike\'s ribs. A disgusted Silver walks away as the crowd throws back the Cobra Kai shirts that were given to them while Kreese turns to the crowd with anger. An excited Daniel then breaks tradition and instead of bowing to him, hugs Mr. Miyagi.'] ["Rohit, Whiskey, and Kumar  are childhood friends. While travelling to his estate in the company of Whiskey, Rohit meets with beautiful Neena  and falls in love with her. Subsequently, he meets with her father  where they are properly introduced, and she too falls in love with him. Unknowingly, Kumar also sends his proposal for marriage to Neena, but she rejects it. Kumar is offended and, shortly before the marriage of Neena and Rohit, molests Neena. Rohit and Kumar become enemies, have a fight and Kumar loses sight in his left eye. Feeling that she is not worthy of Rohit anymore, Neena refuses to marry him. Neena discovers that she is pregnant with Kumar's child and tries to commit suicide. Rohit stops her from doing so and marries her in a nearby Shiv Mandir. Rohit brings up the child as his own son who is adored by all. Kumar, who is now a known criminal, comes to Rohit asking for money. While he and Rohit are having an argument, Rohit slips out the information that the child is not his. Kumar secretly records this information and blackmails him. One day he kidnaps Rohit's son; Rohit goes to his hideout to get his son back. During their fight, Rohit is badly injured, but then Neena comes and kills Kumar with one of with his own henchman's gun. Rohit, Neena and their son live happily ever after."] ["Naomi Murdoch abandons her husband and children in Wisconsin, setting off to become an actress and also to flee from an aggressive former suitor, Dutch Heineman. She decides to return 10 years later at the invitation of daughter Lily, who is appearing in a school play and about to graduate. Lily is delighted, as are townspeople who mistakenly believe Naomi has become a great success on stage. But her schoolteacher husband Henry is unsure how he feels about Naomi being back, as is daughter Joyce, still bitter about her mother's long absence. At the school play, Dutch can't take his eyes off Naomi. A teacher, Sara Harper, now loves Henry but can tell he still has feelings for his long-absent wife. Dutch turns up when Naomi goes for a horseback ride with Joyce and boyfriend Russ. Joyce and her boyfriend leave Naomi by the lake and Dutch shows up tries to embrace Naomi. Naomi refuses his advances and rides home alone. Henry and Naomi reconcile. But Dutch signals that he wants her to meet him at the lake. Naomi goes to tell Dutch that he must leave her alone because she is going to stay with Henry. Dutch says he has been to good to her and tries force himself on her to fend him off, Naomi uses a whip, and struggles with him. During the struggle Dutch's Rifle falls and Dutch is shot Naomi's son Ted helps take Dutch to a doctor, he fears his mother might have had a romantic rendezvous arranged with Dutch that day. Everyone agrees it would be better if Naomi went away. Lily wants to go along, in order to become a famed actress like her mother, whereupon Naomi confesses that her career has actually been a failure. Henry can see from Dutch's wounds that Naomi wanted nothing more to do with him. He prevents Naomi from leaving, wanting to give their life together another try."] ['The film centers on the trials and tribulations of the Spencers, a family living in the Grand Teton Mountains of Wyoming during the early 1960s. As the patriarch of a large and growing family, Clay Spencer  is fiercely independent, yet dedicated to his family. While he resists the influence of religion, he struggles to remain faithful to his wife Olivia , to allow his son  to attend college, and to build a new home for his family.'] ["Maggie  and Rose Feller  are sisters with nothing in common but their shoe size. They were raised by their father Michael  and stepmother  after their mother Caroline died, supposedly in a car accident. Rose is the eldest; an ostensibly plain and serious lawyer who is protective of Maggie despite her flaws. Maggie is a free spirit who is unable to hold a steady job  and turns to alcohol and men for emotional and financial support. Rose grudgingly allows Maggie to move in with her in her Rittenhouse Square, Philadelphia apartment when their stepmother throws her out of the house. Their already difficult relationship ends, however when Rose catches Maggie in bed with Jim , her boyfriend. Maggie subsequently disappears from Rose's life. A few days before, while secretly looking through her father's desk for money, Maggie discovered a bundle of old greeting cards containing cash. She was astonished to discover that the cards were addressed to both her and Rose and were from their grandmother Ella . Now, homeless and without job prospects, Maggie travels to Deerfield Beach, Florida to find her and hopefully a new source of income. When Ella first hears from Maggie, she invites her to stay in her home, partially out of guilt for abandoning her responsibilities as a grandmother. However, as time passes, Ella discovers that Maggie has come to do nothing but sunbathe and take money from her. Maggie asks Ella to finance an acting career for her; Ella agrees to match her salary dollar-for-dollar if she accepts a job with the assisted living section of her grandmother's retirement community. Meanwhile, Rose has decided to quit her job, become a dog-walker, and date Simon Stein  whom she had previously ignored. They become engaged. Maggie befriends one of her patients, a blind retired professor of English literature , who has asked Maggie to read works of poetry to him.The first poem Maggie is asked to read is i carry your heart with me by E. E. Cummings to Rose as a wedding gift."] ["Suzie Austin  has cancer and her most recent prognosis is unfavorable. Fearing that this may be their last Christmas together, husband Andrew Austin  takes Suzie and their two children, Chris  and Mary  to the family's summer home on Lake Erie to celebrate the holiday. There they meet Gus . Andrew comes to terms with his past as the family deals with his wife's failing health."] ['Dimples is a Bowery busker living with her pickpocket grandfather "Professor" Eustace Appleby. She is hired to entertain at a soiree in the Washington Square Park home of wealthy widow Caroline Drew. Mrs. Drew is so charmed by Dimples she opens her home and heart to the child, providing her a life of comfort and plenty. Mrs. Drew\'s nephew Allen, a theatrical producer, abandons his sweetheart Betty Loring for haughty actress Cleo Marsh. His family is scandalized, but Allen pursues his goal of staging a brand-new play, Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, with Dimples portraying Little Eva. During rehearsals, Dimples longs for her grandfather and returns to his humble dwelling, refusing to budge without the old man in tow. Mrs. Drew traces Dimples to the Bowery and a solution is found to the impasse. Allen realizes he loves Betty and is reunited with her. The film ends with Dimples appearing in New York City\'s first minstrel show.'] [" La Mujer De Mi Hermano  could be considered in a category of films that critic Alissa Quart calls 'hyperlink movies', in which multiple stories take place, each affecting the other in ways that characters are unaware of, all the while using radically different aesthetic and cinematic techniques to define the mise en scène of each storyline."] ['After World War II, Fred Derry , Homer Parrish , and Al Stephenson  meet while flying home to Boone City . Fred was a decorated Army Air Forces captain and bombardier with the Eighth Air Force in Europe who still suffers from nightmares of combat. Homer lost both hands from burns suffered when his aircraft carrier was sunk, and now uses mechanical hook prostheses. Al served as an infantry platoon sergeant in the 25th Infantry Division in the Pacific. Before the war, Al was a bank loan officer. He is a mature man with a comfortable home and a loving family: wife Milly , adult daughter Peggy , and college freshman son Rob. Al has trouble readjusting to civilian life, as do his two new acquaintances, and is showing signs of alcoholism. Shortly after returning home, Al is pursuaded to return to the bank . The bank president views Al\'s military experience as valuable in dealing with other vets who are returning to civilian life, and may seek loans from the bank. Al soon realizes the narrow tightrope that he\'s walking, when he approves a loan (without [[collateral  to a young Navy vet who wishes to purchase land for a farm, and is soon forced to explain to the bank president why he made the approval. Later, at a banquet held by the bank officers in his honor, a slightly inebriated Al manages to eloquently articulate, with some rambling, his belief that the bank  must stand with the vets who risked everything to defend the country, and give them every chance possible to rebuild their lives back home.  Before the war, Fred had been an unskilled drugstore soda jerk. He wants something better, but the tight postwar job market forces him to reluctantly return to his old job. Fred had met Marie  while in flight training and married her shortly afterward, before shipping out less than a month later. Marie became a nightclub waitress while Fred was overseas. Marie seems to have been largely enamored of Fred when he was an aviator, and now does not enjoy being married to a soda jerk. Homer was a football quarterback and became engaged to Wilma  before joining the Navy. Both Homer and his parents now have trouble dealing with his disability. He does not want to burden Wilma with a handicapped man and so pushes her away, although she adjusts best to his changed life, and still wants to marry him. Peggy meets Fred while bringing her father home from a bar where the three men meet once again. They are attracted to each other, and Peggy dislikes Marie, finding her shallow. Peggy tells her parents she intends to end Fred and Marie\'s marriage, but they tell her that their own marriage overcame similar problems. In order to protect Peggy, Al demands that Fred to stop seeing his daughter. Fred agrees, but the friendship between the two men becomes strained. At Fred\'s drugstore an obnoxious customer, who says that the war was fought against the wrong enemies, gets into a fight with Homer. Fred intervenes to protect his friend, and knocks the man into a glass counter. Having lost his job, Fred and Homer leave the drugstore. Later, Fred encourages Homer to put his misgivings behind and marry Wilma, offering to be his best man if he needs one. Arriving home, Fred discovers his wife with another veteran . Marie confronts Fred and tells him that she thinks he is a flop and that she is getting a divorce. Fred decides to leave town, and gives his father his medals and citations, saying that they were "passed out with the K-rations." His father tries to persuade Fred to stay and start a new life on his home turf. After Fred leaves, his father is nearly brought to tears when reading the citation for Fred\'s Distinguished Flying Cross, and learns for the first time what a hero his son truly had been. At the airport, Fred books space on the first outbound aircraft, without regard for the destination. While waiting, he wanders into a vast aircraft boneyard. Inside the nose of a B-17, he begins to relive and purge himself of the intense memories of combat. The boss of a work crew interrupts him. When the crew chief says the aluminum from the aircraft is being salvaged to build housing, Fred persuades the boss to hire him. At home, one evening, Wilma visits Homer and tells him that her parents want to her leave Boone City for an extended period, to try and forget him. Torn between wanting her to stay, but not wishing to burden her life living with someone in his condition, Homer bluntly demonstrates to Wilma how hard life with him would be, but when Wilma makes clear that she loves him anyway, he gives in and agrees to marry her. The story concludes on the day of Homer and Wilma\'s wedding, in the Parrish home. True to his word, the now-divorced Fred is Homer\'s best man at the wedding. Al and Fred meet for the first time after their confrontation in Butch\'s over his relationship with Peggy; and despite Al\'s friendly overtures, Fred remains cool. During the ceremony, Fred and Peggy watch each other tentatively from across the room. After the ceremony, Fred becomes convinced that he has to put the past behind him and build a new life. He approaches Peggy and holds her, telling her that it might be years before their lives become comfortable. She smiles, and they kiss and embrace.'] ['The story is centered on a puppy named Fluke , who has flashing memories and dreams of a human life. After being taken to a pound, and eventually escaping from it, he is raised by an elderly homeless woman named Bella , who gives him the name Fluke, stating that he\'s "a fluke by nature, and by name." After Bella dies of an illness caused by poor conditions, he befriends a street-wise St. Bernard-like dog named Rumbo . During this time he matures into an adult dog , and he eventually realizes that he used to be a workaholic named Thomas P. Johnson  who died in a car crash. Fluke is then abducted by a man named Sylvester  to be used in animal experiments at a cosmetics company. During the tests, Rumbo comes to the rescue. Rumbo is shot by Sylvester as he and Fluke escape. A dying Rumbo tells Fluke that the black-and-white snapshot of a man in a sailor suit was him. He\'s also told that as a human, Bert   was his brother and that he wishes to smell the sea again, suggesting that he died in the line of duty. After Rumbo\'s death, Fluke seeks out his wife  and son  and reunites with them as their dog. Fluke tries to show them who he used to be, at the same time suspecting that his human death was caused by his former business partner Jeff Newman . It\'s during his time among them as a dog that he gets to know his family better and bitterly realizes that he was an emotionally distant workaholic. However, he comes close to killing Jeff, but at the last minute has a flashback and realizes that Jeff wasn\'t involved in his death - his death was caused by his own recklessness. Fluke finally manages to point out to his wife who he really is . With a heavy heart, he decides it\'s better to move on; the man he used to be is dead and gone. So he leaves his family, never seeing them again. He realizes that life is simply meant to be cherished, regardless of how one lives it. Far away, Fluke is resting under a tree by himself. To his surprise, he encounters Rumbo, who is now reincarnated as a squirrel.'] ['Naseem means Morning breeze, and charts the story of a young school going girl Naseem  in the months leading up to the demolition of Babri Masjid in 1992. She shares deep and loving bond with his ailing grandfather  who represents the era of communal harmony between Hindus and Muslims in India, as he fondly recalls the times he spent in pre-Independent Agra. As communal tension erupts in the city of Bombay, Naseem get increasingly bewildered by changing dynamics at her school and in the neighbourhood, while her grandfather watches helplessly at a city getting deeply divided over the Babri Masjid issue. The film ends with the grandfather passing away on the day of demolition of Babri Masjid.'] ['In the early 1990s, Donald "Duck" Matthews browses a Rolling Stone magazine, noticing an article questioning the recent exploits of The Five Heartbeats, The Temptations, and The Four Tops and why the groups disbanded. In a flashback, Donald Matthews, Anthony "Choir Boy" Stone, J.T. Matthews and Terrence "Dresser" Williams are preparing to perform at a music contest. They are forced to prepare to sing both their vocals and those of other members since Eddie King Jr. and Bobby, the lead singers, are missing. Bobby and Eddie cheat while gambling. Bobby is shot in the leg, but Eddie arrives at the contest and performs with the Heartbeats. The group loses to Flash and the Ebony Sparks but pleases the crowd and is noticed by music producer Jimmy Potter. Jimmy offers to manage the group; to prove he has their best interests at heart he promises them $100 from his own pocket if they do not win first prize the next month. After a more polished performance the group still loses. Jimmy pays the group, and they sign a contract with him. Jimmy brings in Ernest "Sarge" Johnson as the group\'s choreographer. After vigorous training Sarge and Jimmy feel the Heartbeats are ready to perform in a larger competition. Bird, lead singer of Bird and The Midnight Falcons witnesses the Heartbeats rehearsing their routine and is concerned his group could lose; he asks his girlfriend to invite her friends and boo The Heartbeats while cheering The Midnight Falcons. The announcer, Bird\'s cousin, forces The Heartbeats to use a piano player they are unfamiliar with. He also claims that The Heartbeats believe themselves to be better than the other groups. The Heartbeats perform "A Heart Is a House for Love". Duck grows frustrated with the house piano player\'s butchering of the music and takes over the piano. Eddie leads the group in a number that results in Bird\'s girlfriend fainting in Eddie\'s arms. Watching in the audience is Flash, leader of the Ebony Sparks. The Heartbeats win the contest with a standing ovation and the interest of Big Red, who owns Big Red Records. Big Red offers them a deal, but Jimmy and his wife Eleanor, aware of Big Red\'s corrupt operations, decline. The group searches for a record company they can trust, but the only ones that will sign them are Caucasian operated and insist that their songs be covered by a white group named The Five Horsemen, giving the Heartbeats only minor song writing credit, thus forcing them to sign with Big Red. The group goes on the road. Choir Boy\'s father is concerned he will forget where he comes from, Dresser has a girl back home, Eddie\'s father is waiting for him to fail and J.T. and Duck have a family depending on them. The travel is marked by racism and poor living conditions. Dresser\'s girlfriend visits at the same time as the record rep from Big Red. Dresser finds out his girlfriend is pregnant and they are faced with their first album cover having white people on the cover. Despite their problems, the group becomes successful. Throughout the mid to late 1960s The Five Heartbeats receive numerous awards, charting several hits, and being featured on magazine covers. Eddie abuses alcohol and cocaine, causing him to miss rehearsals and performances as well as losing his girlfriend. Eddie becomes paranoid and attempts to blackmail the other Heartbeats and Jimmy using his new deal with Big Red, along with buying Jimmy out of his contract. Jimmy threatens to go to authorities with information about bootlegged LPs, cooked books and payola that could have Big Red arrested, leading Red to have Jimmy killed. In the wake of the murder, the group learns that Eddie\'s deceit was behind the argument between Jimmy and Big Red. The group gets together to talk and includes Bird, whom Red beat up when he questioned his bookkeeping, to put Big Red away. Big Red is convicted of Jimmy\'s murder and the group moves to a new record label, but, despite Duck\'s pleas, Eddie leaves the group in disgrace. The Heartbeats add former rival Flash as their lead singer, which angers J.T. due to their rivalry over women. Duck has gained the attention of Tanya Sawyer, whom he lusted after since meeting her in Jimmy\'s living room years ago. After their engagement, he suspects she is having an affair. After she leaves the house, he follows her to a hotel. The doorman asks for his autograph and marvels at the fact that he is the second Heartbeat the doorman has seen that night; his brother is already upstairs. Duck realizes Tanya is cheating on him with his brother. As Duck leaves, his fiancee and brother fight. Tanya has been trying to break things off, but he insists that she break things off with Duck. Tanya refuses, insisting she loves Duck. At an awards ceremony celebrating their success, Flash announces he is leaving the group. Duck reveals that he knows about Tanya and J.T., and that he, too, is no longer a Heartbeat. Several years later, Duck receives a letter from Choir Boy, who returned to his father\'s church. He asks Duck to come to a service. When he enters the church Choir Boy\'s father is speaking then the choir starts singing and Eddie and Baby Doll step up to sing lead. After the service Duck reunites with Eddie, Choir Boy and Baby Doll. Eddie is clean, sober and married to Baby Doll, and also manages a group. He asks Duck to write songs for them, to which he agrees. He urges Duck to contact J.T. Duck finds J.T. in a park with a wife  and two children, including a son affectionately named "Duck". The brothers reconcile. In the early 1990s, Flash has transitioned from doo wop to pop, as the lead singer of Flash and The Five Horsemen. The Heartbeats are disappointed by the music and aspire to show their families how they performed at the peak of their career. At first Eddie declines to join the other Heartbeats but Eleanor Potter, coming to terms with her husband\'s death, forgives Eddie. The Five Heartbeats reunite at the end in front of their families and friends, trying graciously to remember their old moves.'] ['In a small Spanish village, Gloria, the imperious head of a troubled family, is devoted to her two sons. The brothers, Óscar and Juan, have frequent violent disputes. Óscar, the oldest, and his steel-willed mother run the family\'s grocery store called el Jardín , which does a brisk business in the black market. When Óscar marries Juan\'s lover, Ana, Juan, the beloved handsome second son decides to better his fortunes in Madrid joining the Nationalist Army. Ana, who loves him, is heartbroken. Juan also leaves behind his impoverished cousin, Ángela, pregnant with his child. She moves to the countryside and gives birth to a boy, Juanito. Years later, Óscar and Ana remain childless. Gloria wants to bring her illegitimate grandson and only heir, into the family circle. When Juanito is stricken with rheumatic fever while searching for his father, Ángela agrees to let him stay at el Jardin. Everyone spoils the boy, and he becomes close to Ana. However, he misses his mother and she returns to live with the family. One day Juanito hears that his father will pass with Franco’s retinue; he finally meets him and discovers he is only a waiter in the service of Franco’s personal bodyguard. The years move on and Juanito has recovered from the rheumatic heart condition, he is totally disenchanted with his father. He learns that his father is visiting Ana, Óscar’s wife. Because Juan now needs money, Ana steals one thousand pesetas from the family safe, the profits from the black-marketing the family practiced to survive during the war. Gloria discovers the theft but blames it upon Ángela, who is dragged off to jail by the local Civil Guards. Gloria discovers the truth and urges Juan to return home to marry Ángela so that the family will have a legitimate heir. Ángela, however, refuses to marry the callow Juan, who is still in love with Ana. Meanwhile, Óscar and Juan\'s sibling rivalry continues, and they fight fiercely in their own love–hate relationship, first over Ana, then Ángela. The following day is Juanito’s "saint\'s day," celebrated by the entire family. During the festivities, Juan tries to seduce first Ángela and then Ana in the hay barn. But Ángela is so enraged by Juan\'s behavior that she shoots him in the shoulder with a hand gun. The scene is discovered by a shocked Gloria, but in the middle of the tumult, the entire family is gathered by the local photographer for a family portrait in front of el Jardín. They throw a jacket over Juan\'s shoulders to cover up the blood from the bullet wound, and the film ends in a freeze frame of the photograph, offering no conclusions, but exposing all the hidden hypocrisy within this petite bourgeois family.'] ["Gino Monetti is a rags-to-riches Italian-American banker in New York whose methods result in a number of criminal charges. Three of his four grown sons, unhappy at their father's dismissive treatment of them, refuse to help Gino when he is put on trial for questionable business practices. Eldest son Joe seizes control of the bank and brothers Tony and Pietro side with him. Max, a lawyer, is the only son who stays loyal to his father. The brothers conspire to send Max to jail as well. Max tries to bribe a juror to save his father, but gets disbarred and serves a stretch of seven years in prison. Max vows revenge on his brothers, but when he is released Max has a change of heart when he realizes that his father had caused all the tension within the family. The three brothers, however, are still worried about his quest for vengeance, and Joe even goes so far as to order Pietro to kill Max. In doing so, however, Joe insults Pietro in the same way their father always had, prompting Pietro to turn on Joe instead. Max saves Joe from Pietro's wrath by reminding Pietro that if he kills Joe, he would only be doing exactly as their father would have wanted. Max then leaves his brothers to travel to San Francisco with his girlfriend, where they plan to start a new life together."] ['Spanning the years 1947-1960, the film follows the maturation of Ah-ha  as he and his family  cope with the shock of leaving their homeland . Having been only a child during the move, Ah-ha quickly acclimates himself to the new country, often putting him at odds with his more traditional family; he joins a street gang and has to choose between that life and taking the college entrance exam.'] ['The story, set in 1960s Nebraska, involves two very different brothers: small-town deputy sheriff Joe and criminal Frank Roberts. Before the events of the film, Joe had tried to farm for a living, but was unable to make ends meet, and the bank eventually foreclosed on his property. He became a deputy sheriff as a way to support his young wife, Maria, and child. Joe is a good, conscientious man, but has his own demons to fight with. The opening shot of the film shows a car chase which ends with Joe using his gun to kill a man in self-defense. This results in Joe\'s conflicted feelings about killing the criminal, as well as the praise and scorn from members of his community from this shooting. Frank, who had been involved with run-ins with the law before going to Vietnam, is described by his father as plagued by "restlessness". Upon his return to town, he breaks into his brother\'s home and is nearly shot by Joe\'s wife. The next day, Frank leaves town without ever stopping by his parents\' home. As Joe states in the narration, Frank was correct in his assessment that his parents would understand, as they always seem to when he hurts those who love him. Joe does not hear from his brother for some time, but eventually discovers that he is in jail in another state from their father, who had kept the information quiet to avoid upsetting their mother. Their mother dies and their father commits suicide soon after. Frank is then released from prison and returns to his hometown with his pregnant girlfriend, Dorothy. He tries to settle down and works in construction, but keeps getting into trouble with the law, which puts him in conflict with Joe. When the time comes for Frank\'s wife to give birth, Frank is in a bar "drinking it down," which sparks a confrontation with Joe. After Joe leaves, Frank beats the bartender to death with a chair and drives out of town with Joe on his tail. The film concludes with Joe allowing Frank to escape across the state line.'] ['In early 1960s Oklahoma, a time of economic distress and small town politics, high school sports are an integral part of the town\'s fabric and pride, but girls\' sports are an afterthought and warrant little or no attention. Clay Driscoll, a young coach with big dreams, is hired by the local superintendent to coach boys\' basketball. Clay immediately finds himself head-to-head with Ellis Brawley, the town\'s ultimate boss, great-great grandson of the town\'s founder, owner of the bank and head of the school board. Clay is crushed by the news from Brawley that the job of boys’ coach has gone to “someone more qualified” and that he will be coaching the girls’ team. With his dream dashed and his future uncertain, Clay begins a journey from despair to acceptance, challenge, and finally destiny. Supported and inspired at every hurdle by his wife Jean\'s wisdom and strength, Clay decides to stay and take on the seemingly impossible task of coaching the hapless Lady Cyclones. Lacking confidence, the rag-tag girls are ridiculed by the boys for wearing their oversized hand-me-downs, for even trying to play ball. But Clay learns as much from "his girls" as he teaches them. The Lady Cyclones are challenged at every step by a dismissive school board and the ever-present 1960s small-town attitude that girls just shouldn’t be playing competitive sports. Through it all, Clay and Jean fight the system, support the girls, work to heal a wound in their own marriage, and turn around what was a neglected stepchild program with a long history of losing. The community eventually rallies behind Clay and the girls as they strive to achieve the unbelievable — the State Championship.'] ['Jackie and Luke Harrison  are a divorced couple that are struggling to raise their children, Anna  and Ben , happy with this sudden change of lifestyle. This is far from easy, as Luke, an attorney, is living with his new girlfriend Isabel , a successful fashion photographer several years his junior. Isabel tries very hard to make Anna and Ben feel comfortable and happy with her, but Anna repeatedly rejects her overtures while Ben, who is generally kind to Isabel, adds extra complication with his mischievous nature. Isabel behaves with contempt tempered by caution around Jackie, believing she overcompensates for her divorce by spoiling her children. Conversely, Jackie, a former publisher turned stay-at-home-mom, gives Isabel a cold reception, seeing her as an overly ambitious career woman. She also continues to harbor malice against Luke . After a long string of arguments and hurt feelings between Isabel, Jackie and Anna, Luke proposes to Isabel, making her Anna and Ben\'s soon-to-be official stepmom. This causes even more friction. However, Jackie is diagnosed with lymphoma, which is discovered to be terminal. She experiences a range of negative emotions, angry at the woman who she feels played a role in her broken family, and angry at the fact that after all of the sacrifices she made for her family, she will not even get to see her children grow up. Both Jackie and Isabel clash repeatedly, largely over Isabel\'s parenting. This becomes evident when Ben goes missing on Isabel\'s watch and Jackie claims that she has never lost him, which she later admits to be untrue. However, they manage to call a shaky truce, as both Jackie and Isabel come to terms with the fact that the latter will soon step into the role of surrogate mother. The two women finally bond with each other when Isabel reveals her admiration of Jackie\'s maternal instincts, while Jackie in turn compliments Isabel\'s hipness as a means to connect with Anna. Isabel finally lets her guard down when she tearfully tells Jackie her biggest fear is that on Anna\'s wedding day, all Anna will wish for is her mother\'s presence. Through her own tears, Jackie says her own fear is that Anna will forget her. Jackie explains to Isabel that, while Jackie will always have their past, Isabel will have their future. The film ends with the family celebrating Christmas. Jackie, bedridden from her illness, is visited in her room by Ben and Anna. Individually, Jackie tells her children after giving them their presents that even though she will die, she will always be with them as long as they remember her. Later that day, Isabel is taking a family picture of Luke and Jackie with their children. Jackie demonstrates her acceptance of Isabel by inviting to join them in the portrait, stating "let\'s get [a photo] with the whole family". Isabel does, and as the closing credits begin, both women are shown happily in a photo side by side, finally at peace with one another and future events .'] ['The father escaped the Soviet invasion of Budapest and now runs a Hungarian restaurant that is not doing well financially. The younger of his two sons is gay and struggling with coming out. His dad disowns him when he finally does. The older son is involved in the counterculture, gets kicked out of college, buys a motorcycle, starts dating a Maoist, and is also disowned by his father. The older of the sons runs afoul of an outlaw motorcycle club; the younger of the two sons gets drafted but is rejected because of his homosexuality. The older one joins his younger brother in a gay rights protest. Major events of the year such as the assassination of Martin Luther King and the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy are interspersed throughout the plot and depicted in the film using stock footage.'] ["Beth Cappadora  and her husband Pat  experience a parent's worst fear when their son Ben vanishes in a crowded hotel lobby during Beth's high school reunion. The ensuing frantic search is unsuccessful, and Beth goes through a sustained nervous breakdown. Unable to cope with her devastation, Beth unintentionally neglects her other children, Vincent ([[Jonathan Jackson  and Kerry . After nine years, the family has seemingly accepted that Ben has gone forever, when a familiar-looking boy  turns up at their house, introduces himself as Sam and offers to mow their lawn. Beth is convinced that Sam is actually her son, and begins an investigation that culminates in the discovery that Ben was kidnapped at the ill-fated high school reunion years ago, by a mentally unstable woman who was a high school classmate of Beth's. This woman brought up Ben as her own child, until she committed suicide. The attempted re-integration of Ben back into the Cappadora family produces painful results for all involved. Eventually the family decides that what's best for Ben is to return him to his adoptive father, but one night Vincent finds him playing basketball outside. Ben reveals that he remembered something from before his abduction, playing with Vincent and Vincent finding him, causing him to feel safe. Vincent, who has carried guilt for letting go of Ben at the reunion is forgiven by Ben who decides to return to living with his real family, but first plays a game of basketball with his brother with their parents secretly watching from their bedroom window."] ["The film opens with Baltimore firefighter Jack Morrison  saving a man's life in a massive 4-Alarm grain elevator/warehouse fire in the Canton waterfront neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland. However, the grain being stored in the warehouse explodes, sending Jack falling through several floors, landing and breaking his leg. The film follows the efforts of the other men in his unit, Ladder Company 49, led by the efforts of Deputy Chief Mike Kennedy , his longtime mentor, to rescue him while Jack tries to reach a safe area of the burning structure. Interspersed with the current rescue efforts are a series of flashbacks showing how Jack joined the fire department, his meeting with the woman who would become his wife , his relationship with his children and the bonds he formed, and trials and tribulations he endured with his fellow firefighters. After graduating from the fire academy, Jack is sent to work on BCFD Engine Company 33, which is quartered in a firehouse with Truck Company 49, where he learns the ropes about firefighting. He quickly becomes close friends with his fellow firefighters, including Mike Kennedy, his captain at the time. His first fire takes place at a burning rowhouse, where Engine 33 and Ladder 49 respond to. While there, he and Mike are the first firefighters to tackle the blaze and quickly extinguish it. After some time working with Engine 33, Jack is at the scene of a fire where a fellow firefighter from Ladder 49, Dennis Gauquin ([[Billy Burke  dies after falling through a roof of a burning vacant rowhouse. He decides, although it is more dangerous, to take his friend's position as a search and rescue member on Ladder 49 by transferring. He finds the work rewarding, but his wife is initially concerned for his safety and opposes the change; however, she eventually accepts his new role and even talks him out of taking an administrative position when it is offered to him by Mike. As the years go by, Jack suffers some traumatic experiences, including rescuing a man from the ledge of a burning high-rise building in Downtown Baltimore, and witnessing another friend's severe injury following a steam explosion at an industrial fire. On Christmas Eve, Jack and the members of Engine 33 and Ladder 49 respond to a burning apartment building. Jack is able to break through to a small girl trapped in an engulfed apartment, but is trapped himself briefly before being rescued by fellow Firefighter Lenny Richter . Both firefighters receive the department's Medal of Valor for their actions. Back at the grain building fire, Jack's fellow firefighters become extremely determined to rescue him and Jack does his best to reach the possible safe area that Mike told him about. However, upon reaching that room he sees that the only exit is cut off by raging flames and Jack realizes that his situation is hopeless. He radios Mike to pull his men back, so no-one else will be hurt while trying to rescue him. Mike reluctantly agrees and Jack accepts his fate to die in the fire, devastating Mike. At Jack's funeral, Mike delivers an emotional eulogy which ends with a standing ovation, in celebration of Jack's life, from friends and family in attendance. Jack's body is then carried to his resting place with full honors on the back of Engine 33. The film ends with Mike and his fellow firefighters going on a call and a final shot of him and Jack coming out of Jack's first ever burning building."] ['Roy Waller  is a con artist residing in Los Angeles. Alongside his partner and protégé Frank Mercer , Roy operates a fake lottery, selling overpriced water filtration systems to unsuspecting customers; in the process, Roy has collected over one million dollars. Roy suffers from several mental disorders, including agoraphobia, mysophobia, obsessive-compulsive personality disorder and a tic disorder- he yells "Pygmies" whenever something surprises or upsets him. After Roy experiences a violent panic attack, Frank suggests he see a psychiatrist, Dr. Harris Klein . Klein provides Roy with medication, and in therapy has Roy recall his past relationship with his ex-wife, Heather , who was pregnant during the time of the divorce. At Roy\'s behest, Klein informs Roy that he called Heather and found out that Roy has a 14-year-old daughter, Angela . Roy and Angela meet and Angela quizzes Roy regarding his life and occupation. Her youthful energy rejuvenates him, and Roy thus agrees to work with Frank on a long-term con: their target is Chuck Frechette , an arrogant businessman whom the duo decides to con with the Jamaican Switch. One night, Angela unexpectedly arrives at Roy\'s house, saying that she has had a fight with her mother, and decides to stay for the weekend before returning to school, much to Roy\'s discomfort. She explores his belongings and causes him to rethink his life, which he mentions during therapy with Klein. Angela returns home late one night, leading to an argument between the two. During dinner, Roy admits that he is a con artist and reluctantly agrees to teach Angela a con. The two of them go to a local laundromat and con an older woman into believing she has won the lottery, and she shares half of her expected winnings with Angela; however, Roy then forces Angela to return the money. Roy questions the morality of teaching his daughter such practices, but believes his rejuvenation is a good sign. He then goes bowling with her but is interrupted when Frank reveals that Chuck\'s flight to the Caymans has been updated to that day instead of Friday as planned. With little time left, Roy reluctantly decides to let Angela play the part of distracting Chuck midway through the con; however, after the con is finished, Chuck realizes what has happened and chases the two into the parking lot before they escape. Roy then learns that Angela was arrested a year ago, and forces her to stop calling him despite the fact that she has bought him a small present as a sign of affection. Without Angela, Roy\'s myriad phobias resurface, and during another panic attack, he ultimately learns that the medication given him by Klein is a placebo, proving that he doesn\'t actually need his pills to be happy. He decides that he needs Angela in his life but that he would have to change his lifestyle, much to Frank\'s disappointment. Roy and Angela return from dinner one night to find Chuck waiting for them with a gun, alongside a badly beaten Frank. Angela shoots Chuck and Roy sends her off with Frank into hiding until the matter can be sorted out. As Roy prepares to take care of Chuck\'s body, Chuck suddenly springs to life and knocks Roy unconscious. Roy awakens in a hospital, where the police inform him that Chuck eventually died from the gunshot and Frank and Angela have disappeared. Klein appears and Roy gives him the password to his bank account, ordering him to give the money to Angela when she is found. Later, Roy awakens to find that the "police" have disappeared, his "hospital room" is actually a freight container on the roof of a parking garage, "Dr. Klein\'s" office is vacant, and essentially all of his money has been taken. As he begins to realize that Frank pulled a con on him, Roy drives over to Heather\'s  looking for Angela. While speaking with Heather, Roy learns the truth: Heather miscarried their child. There is no "Angela": the young girl he thought was his child was actually Frank\'s accomplice. One year later, Roy has become a salesman at a local carpet store, which Angela and her boyfriend one day wander into. Roy confronts Angela but ultimately forgives her, realizing that he is much happier as an honest man. Angela reveals that she did not receive her fair share of the cut from Frank, and that it was the only con she ever pulled. Angela and her boyfriend depart and Roy returns home to his new wife Kathy, who is now pregnant with his child.'] ['The film opens in 1937 Louisiana with four little girls out in the woods at night, each wearing a home-made headdress. The leader, Viviane Abbott, initiates them into a secret order she dubs the "Ya-Ya Sisterhood," which they seal by cutting their palms and taking a blood oath of undying loyalty. The film then moves to New York City in 2002, where Viviane\'s daughter, playwright Siddalee Walker , while overseeing production of her newest release, gives an interview with a reporter from Time, mentioning her unhappy childhood as a major source of inspiration for her work. The reporter sensationalizes Sidda\'s complaint, implying abuse and deep, dark family secrets. Vivi  reads the article and becomes extremely upset. She calls Sidda, but instead of speaking can only bang the phone on the table while crying that she is dead to her. Sidda, equally frustrated by her mother\'s behavior, also bangs her phone against the counter after Vivi has hung up on her. Much to the frustration of her fiancé, Connor McGill , Sidda takes her mother\'s behavior as a declaration of all-out war. Vivi takes down all the pictures of Sidda in her house, cuts her face out of family pictures, and mails the defaced pictures to Sidda, along with a copy of her will with Sidda\'s name marked out. Sidda in turn sends Vivi a newly-printed wedding invitation with the time and place cut out, plus torn-up tickets to her play. When the Ya-Ya Sisters learn of Vivi\'s war, they decide to take matters into their own hands to resolve it. Led by Caroline Eliza "Caro" Benett , Aimee Malissa "Teensy" Whitman , and Denise Rose "Necie" Kelleher  visit Sidda in New York, then drug her, kidnap her, and take her back to Louisiana. There they show her a scrapbook album her mother has kept, titled Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood, which they believe they must reveal to Sidda. They explain to Sidda her mother\'s experiences, depicted in flashbacks of their childhood, then as young women and mothers, including Sidda\'s own childhood. Vivi\'s  troubles include: encountering family racism as a child; a bitter, jealous mother who falsely accuses her of incest with her father, and the loss of her true love, Teensy\'s brother Jack  who is killed in World War II. She settles for an unhappy marriage with Shepherd James "Shep" Walker , a good and faithful man who loves her, despite the abuse she heaps on him because he isn\'t Jack. This is all well and good to Sidda, but doesn\'t change her opinion of her mother as a self-centered person unable to deal with her troubles, which she has unfairly inflicted on Sidda to the point of needing psychotherapy. Meanwhile, she tells Connor not to send out the wedding invitations, which troubles him enough to come down to Louisiana to find her. The Sisters then realize that Sidda must be told Vivi\'s deepest, darkest secret in order to understand. They try to persuade Vivi that she must do this herself, but she doesn\'t have the courage to tell her daughter, so they do it for her with Sidda\'s father present. In the meantime, Vivi tells Connor herself. The secret is that Vivi eventually had a nervous breakdown, requiring a period of hospitalization. Sidda finally understands the depth of her mother\'s suffering, and that she didn\'t have to waste money on therapy trying to find out why it was her fault. She also recalls a happy memory of her mother: when Sidda missed out on an airplane ride because she was too scared but then changed her mind, Vivi borrowed money to get the pilot to give one more ride, which she took with Sidda. Sidda forgives her mother, and tells her she wants to have the wedding at her house. Vivi makes her daughter a Ya-Ya headdress, and the Sisters induct her into the order.'] ['Respected family patriarch and businessman Helge  is celebrating his 60th birthday at the family-run hotel. Gathered together amongst many family and friends are his wife Else , Christian , his sullen eldest son, his well-traveled daughter Helene , and Michael , his boorish younger son. Christian\'s twin sister, Linda, recently committed suicide at the hotel. Before the celebration dinner, Helene finds Linda\'s suicide note, but hides it after becoming upset by the contents . Michael fights with his wife, whom he earlier abandoned on the roadside with their three children, and then has sex with her. Michael later is pulled aside by a waitress whom he had an affair with  and then beats her when she disparages Helge. Later, during dinner, Christian makes a speech to the family in which he accuses his father Helge of sexually abusing him and his late sister Linda. Helge\'s family and friends initially dismiss the accusations as absurd, a joke, or a figment of Christian\'s imagination. In a private conversation in the pantry, a seemingly baffled Helge asks Christian about his motivations for slandering him, and a Christian appears to recant from his accusation. However, Christian is spurred to further action by hotel chef Kim , a childhood friend who knows about the abuse. Christian then stands up and continues his toast by accusing Helge of causing Linda\'s death. Helge speaks to Christian alone and threateningly offers to announce in a toast Christian\'s troubled personal history, impotence with women and his perhaps inappropriately close relationship with his late sister, Linda. Christian says nothing in response to the threat. Further exacerbating the tensions of the day, Helene\'s black boyfriend Gbatokai  shows up, enraging the racist Michael who later leads most of the partygoers in singing the Danish song Jeg har set en rigtig negermand in a racist way to offend him. During a toast, Else makes a series of back-handed compliments towards her children, accusing Christian of having an overactive imagination as a child and asking him to apologize for his earlier accusation. Christian responds by accusing her of interrupting Helge during one of the rapes, yet not interfering with the incident, and calling her a "cunt". Michael and two other guests violently eject Christian from the hotel. When Christian walks back in, they beat Christian and tie him to a tree in the nearby woods.  Christian\'s accusations are confirmed when Helene, apparently finally worn down by guilt, reads Linda\'s suicide note aloud to the assembled guests. Linda\'s note states that she decided to kill herself after feeling overwhelmed by dreams in which her father was molesting her again. In a fit of anger, Helge admits to the abuse in front of all the guests by saying that it was all Christian was good for. He then leaves the dining room with the guests stunned. Christian, who is drunk, faints after walking out of the dining hall and imagines seeing Linda. When he awakes, he learns from Helene that Michael is missing. We learn that the drunken Michael has called Helge outside and then beat his father severely, promising him that he will never see his grandchildren again. The next morning, Helge speaks to the group, admits his wrongdoing and declares his love for his children. Michael coolly dismisses their father from the table, stating that he should now leave so that they can have breakfast. Christian reveals that he is going back to Paris, and asks one of the waitresses, Pia , to accompany him. She accepts, and the film ends with the rest of the family and guests eating breakfast nonchalantly.'] ["As children, Sammy and Terry Prescott lost their parents to a car accident. Years later, Sammy , a single mother and lending officer at a bank, still lives in her childhood home in Scottsville, New York, while Terry  has drifted around the country, scraping by and getting into and out of trouble. After months of no communication with his sister, Terry is desperate for money, so he comes to visit her and her son Rudy  who are excited about reuniting with him. Sammy lends him the money, which he mails back to his girlfriend. After the girlfriend attempts suicide, he decides to extend his stay with his sister, which she welcomes. For a school writing assignment, Rudy imagines his unknown father as a fantastic hero. Sammy only gives him vague descriptions of the truth while Terry lets his feelings be known about Rudy Sr.'s abandonment. Sammy rekindles a relationship with an old boyfriend, but is surprised when he proposes to her after a short time. She needs time to consider it. At the bank, the new manager, Brian , tries to make his mark with unusual demands about computer color schemes and daily timesheets. He is particularly tough on Sammy, requesting that she make arrangements for someone else to pick up her son from the school bus rather than leaving work. After some minor arguments, they end up having an affair, despite Brian's wife being six months pregnant. Terry grows close to Rudy during their time together. Yet he pushes the limits of Sammy's parental control during a late-night game of pool at a bar. She turns to her minister  to counsel Terry about his outlook on life. While Terry resists his sister's advice, he stays on good terms with his nephew. Realizing her own questionable decisions, Sammy turns down her boyfriend's marriage proposal and breaks off her relationship with Brian. After a day of fishing, Terry and Rudy decide to visit Rudy Sr. in the town of Auburn. Confronted by his past, Rudy Sr.  is incensed, leading Terry to assault him and get arrested. Sammy brings her brother and son home and asks Terry to move out, which he does the next day. He plans to go back to Alaska and scoffs at Sammy's suggestion to remain in town and get his life back on track. While at first it appears the separation will be another heartache, they reconcile before Terry leaves, coming to terms with their respective lifestyles."] ["A collie pup is separated from his mother and grows to young adulthood in the forest. After being swept away in a torrent and then shot by a young hunter, he is found by Kathie Merrick  and carried to her home. With the help of a kindly shepherd, Mr. MacBain , she tends him back to health, names him Bill, and teaches him to herd sheep. One day, unknown to Kathie, Bill is hit by a truck and taken to an animal hospital. Kathie risks her life futilely searching for him on the island where they first met. Bill remains unclaimed in the hospital for two months and is sent to a War Dog Training Center. After training, he is shipped out with the troops. Duke performs heroically on the battlefield, but the stress and a wound cause him to become aggressive. Sent back to the War Dog Training Center to recover, he escapes, attacking livestock and threatening people as he finds his way to back to Kathie. Merrick neighbors insist he be put down because of his attacks and Bill is impounded. A hearing is held and Mr. MacBain acts as Bill's lawyer. He discovers an Army tattoo in Bill's ear; a quick investigation reveals Bill is a war hero. All then realize that the dog who served on the battlefield was not himself after his war experiences and he will need time to adjust to civilian life. Bill is freed and joyfully reunited with Kathie."] ['The film opens in a California forest as a group of alien botanists collect flora samples. U.S. government agents appear on the scene , and the aliens flee in their spaceship, mistakenly leaving one of their own behind. The scene shifts to a suburban home, where a boy named Elliott, age 10, is trying to hang out with his 16-year-old brother Michael and his friends. As he returns from picking up a pizza, Elliott discovers that something is hiding in their toolshed. The creature promptly flees upon being discovered. Despite his family\'s disbelief, Elliott lures the alien from the forest to his bedroom using a trail of Reese\'s Pieces candy. Before he goes to sleep, Elliott realizes the alien is imitating his movements. Elliott feigns illness the next morning to stay home from school and play with the alien. Later that day Michael and their sister, 5-year-old Gertie, meet the alien. They decide to keep him hidden from their mother. When they ask it about its origin, the alien levitates several balls to represent its solar system and then demonstrates its powers by reviving a dead plant. At school the next day, Elliott begins to experience a psychic connection with the alien. Exhibiting signs of intoxication due to the alien drinking beer, Elliott begins freeing all the frogs from a dissection class. As the alien watches John Wayne kiss Maureen O\'Hara in The Quiet Man, Elliott\'s link causes him to kiss a girl he likes.  The alien learns to speak English by repeating what Gertie says as she watches Sesame Street and, at Elliott\'s urging, dubs itself "E.T." E.T. reads a comic strip where Buck Rogers, stranded, calls for help by building a makeshift communication device, and is inspired to try it himself. He gets Elliott\'s help in building a device to "phone home" by using a Speak & Spell toy. Michael notices that E.T.\'s health is declining and that Elliott is referring to himself as "we". On Halloween, Michael and Elliott dress E.T. as a ghost so they can sneak him out of the house. Elliott and E.T. ride a bicycle to the forest, where E.T. makes a successful call home. The next morning, Elliott wakes up in the field, only to find E.T. gone, so he returns home to his distressed family. Michael searches for and finds E.T. dying in a ditch and takes him to Elliott, who is also dying. Mary becomes frightened when she discovers her son\'s illness and the dying alien, just as government agents invade the house. Scientists set up a medical facility there, quarantining Elliott and E.T. Their link disappears and E.T. then appears to die while Elliott recovers. A grief-stricken Elliott is left alone with the motionless alien when he notices a dead flower, the plant E.T. had previously revived, coming back to life. E.T. reanimates and reveals that his people are returning. Elliott and Michael steal a van that E.T. had been loaded into and a chase ensues, with Michael\'s friends joining them as they attempt to evade the authorities by bicycle. Suddenly facing a dead end, they escape as E.T. uses telekinesis to lift them into the air and toward the forest. Standing near the spaceship, E.T.\'s heart glows as he prepares to return home. Mary, Gertie, and "Keys", a government agent, show up. E.T. says goodbye to Michael and Gertie, as Gertie presents E.T. with the plant that he had revived. Before entering the spaceship, E.T. tells Elliott "I\'ll be right here", pointing his glowing finger to Elliott\'s forehead. He then picks up the plant Gertie gave him, walks into the spaceship, and takes off, leaving a rainbow in the sky as Elliott  watches the ship leave.'] ['Willard Young is a 10-year-old boy who is sent by his mother to stay with her best friend Lily Reed, who lives in the Delta shrimp-fishing country in a town called Paradise. Lily and her husband Ben have been living in an unmentioned emotional vacuum since the death of their own three year old boy. Willie makes friends with the local 9-year-old tomboy Billie Pike, who teaches him to be comfortable with himself. When Willard gains a handle on his own emotions, he can now help Lily and Ben to connect, overcome grief and rediscover themselves.'] ['Set in Iron Age Scandinavia, the film opens with the young Hols  (Hisako Ookata /Billie Lou Watt  attempting to fight off a pack of "silver wolves," and accidentally waking up an ancient stone giant, named Mogue . Hols succeeds in pulling a "thorn" from the giant\'s shoulder, which transpires to be a rusty and ancient sword. The giant proclaims this to be the "Sword of the Sun," promising also that when the sword has been reforged, he will come to Hols, who will then be called "Prince of the Sun". Hols\' father, on his deathbed, reveals that the family came from a northern seaside village, which was devastated by the wicked sorcerer Grunwald , leaving them the only survivors. Before dying, Hols\' father urges his son to return to the land of his birth and avenge the village. On his journey, Hols and his companion, a bear named Coro, are soon confronted by Grunwald, who plunges the boy from a cliff when Hols refuses to serve him. Hols survives the fall and is rescued by the inhabitants of a nearby village. Hols soon becomes a heroic figure when he kills an enormous pike which had been threatening the lives and livelihoods of this fishing community. The pike was a ploy of Grunwald\'s, who then sends the silver wolves to attack the village instead. In the battle that follows, Hols and Coro chase the wolves to a deserted village, where he meets a mysterious young girl named Hilda. Hols takes Hilda back to his village, where her beautiful singing is welcomed by the villagers, with the exception of the chief, who is increasingly resentful of Hols\' popularity, and his deputy, Drago, who is a spy for Grunwald. Hilda, who is actually Grunwald\'s sister and under his evil influence, later collaborates with Drago and sends a swarm of rats to attack the village . Drago frames Hols for his own failed attempt to assassinate the chief, and the villagers banish Hols. Hols sets out in search of Grunwald, but is confronted by Hilda, and the owl who acts as messenger between Hilda and Grunwald. With her true identity revealed, Hilda reluctantly attack Hols, who falls into a chasm and becomes trapped in an enchanted wood, where he is haunted by visions of the villagers and his father. Grunwald then sends Hilda, against her wishes, to kill Hols, and makes his own attack on the village, together with his wolves and a giant ice mammoth. Hols is able to escape from the enchanted forest when he realises that he must reforge the sword in order to defeat Grunwald. After a brief fight with Hilda, who is thoroughly remorseful about her involvement in Grunwald\'s plan, Hols rejoins the villagers in their battle. With the "Sword of the Sun" reforged, he is soon joined by the stone giant Mogue. Together they defeat and destroy Grunwald. Hilda, who had given her magical "Medal of Life" to aid Hols, finds that she is still alive without it, and rejoins Hols and the villagers.'] ['Jake "the Muss" Heke is now fighting to save his son Sonny from a gang lifestyle after his eldest son, Nig, is killed in a gangland shootout. Jake goes through a period of hopelessness as he tries to restore his family to a functioning state after his anger and drinking  tore them apart. He still has trouble accepting the old traditional ways of the Māori people, but he begins to realise the importance of family and regrets what his former actions have done to them. Towards the end of the film, Jake does his best to reconcile with his family, even going so far as to save his son\'s life despite great personal risk to himself. This action, along with several others, serve to highlight Jake\'s changing characteristics.'] ["Adam Thornton , an ill-tempered executive who walked out on his family, learns that he only has a little time left to live. He decides that he wants to make peace with his family and have one last reunion. He confides this information to his estranged wife Kate Thornton . But when his doctor says that it won't be good for him to travel, she suggests that he call his four adult children and invite them all for Christmas. He agrees only with the provision that they not be told of his illness and imminent death. The only problem is that most of his family are not exactly fond of him because he walked out on his wife and because of his stubborn nature. Of his four children, Adam is most nervous about seeing Bud Thornton  whom he hasn't spoken to since having an argument regarding the Vietnam War and his moving to Canada, several years prior."] ["With this semi-autobiographical tale of his childhood in Swaziland during the last days of the British Empire in Africa in 1960s, Grant relates the story of Ralph Compton, whose family’s disintegration mirrors the end of British rule. After witnessing his mother's adultery with his father's best friend, Ralph must survive not only boarding school but also his beloved father's remarriage to Ruby, a fast-talking American Airlines stewardess, and his father's gradual descent into alcoholism."] ['The film starts out at The Merrill Department store where a very exhausted stockgirl named Maggie Johnson  is given a moment to attend to the sales counter. There she encounters a charming handsome man. He pretends to be interested in purchasing some children\'s toys but after many humorous demonstrations by Maggie the manager comes over and gives the man his time card. The man is said to be Joe Grant  though in reality he is the son of the owner; making him Joseph Merrill. To prove to his father he is ready for his engagement he has taken the job of stockboy under an assumed name. Annoyed Maggie takes Joe back to the stockroom and tells him to get to work. He is so inept she calls him, \'The Dumbest Stockboy in the World\' though she promises to take him under her wing; much to his amusement. A few days later, after her shift, Maggie is outside waiting for Joe. She appears to have a crush on him. Some of her coworkers tease her but eventually warn her that Joe is coming, causing Maggie to hop on her ride home from work: the back of an open truck. Joe is swarmed with salesgirls who try for his attention causing him to not focus on Maggie. Determined Maggie throws her bag on the ground as the vehicle pulls away. Joe picks it up and chases the truck down to give it to her. After 3 more times of this he finally grows weary and jumps in the truck to join Maggie who feigns innocence. The two flirt and Maggie shows him pictures of her off kilter family. Once they reach her home she invites him in for supper only to find her family is causing a commotion. Her father  is an elderly postal worker who is meek and easily subdued. Her mother  is an overweight dramatic woman who enjoys going to random funerals and smelling salts. Her sister Liz  is a flapper who has a boyfriend who gets her into trouble. Maggie does her best to hide the goings on but eventually caves and sends Joe on his way hoping to have dinner another day. Time passes and Joe\'s mother is planning his engagement announcement party. However she has not mentioned it to him hoping to make it a surprise. Joe has reached a promotion now being Maggie\'s boss. However he still eats lunch with her every day in the stocking room. During one such lunch, after receiving the note to join his parents for dinner , Maggie gives him a watch for his birthday. He is touched and puts it on. Shortly after this he accidentally catches his sleeve on a nail. Trying to pull himself free he accidentally puts his arm around Maggie, and after the mutual surprise the two kiss. Enamored with each other they head out on the town to walk in the rain. Joe begins to spend money and she tells him he\'ll end up in the poorhouse. Joe offers to buy her dinner at a nice restaurant but embarrassed by her shoddy work clothes Maggie declines. Joe gets the idea to tell her they should follow the store\'s company motto, "We\'re all a family" and that if they were family they could eat at the Merrill Mansion. Maggie thinking he is joking agrees. Meanwhile her sister is arrested because of her association with her boyfriend, and is taken to night court. Her family frets at not being able to find Maggie who they believe needs to help Liz out of the mess. Maggie had tried to call them; but after a few rings  she hung up. Arriving at the Merrill Mansion Maggie is amazed that it is the real deal. Joe is amused with her reluctance but eventually gets her into the mansion; much to the butler\'s amusement. Maggie is extremely reluctant until Joe convinces the butler to say \'a Merrill employee eats here every night!\' Maggie relaxes and tells Joe they should pretend to be Mr. and Mrs. Merrill. Joe is extremely amused by this, especially at her lack of formal dinner habits. At the surprise engagement party Joe\'s family sits concerned. They return home to find Joe, and Maggie who has hidden under the table. Joe admits he is \'Joseph Merrill\' but before he can explain further his fiancee  arrives and kisses him in front of Maggie. Maggie, heartbroken leaves. Joe upset tells his fiancee he had broken Maggie\'s heart and must go after her. Maggie walks and walks until she returns to where Joe and her shared a moment which happens to be by the night court. She sees her family arrive and after they chaste her they enter the court to try to save Liz from prison. Meanwhile Joe arrives at the same spot only to be helped by a bum who had watched the whole goings on. He enters the court to hear Maggie\'s passionate plea for her sister; whom the judge eventually lets go. While Maggie fetches water for her \'on the verge of fainting\' mother Joe walks over to her and apologizes, saying he did not love his fiancee and would not marry her. He then proposes to Maggie which causes  her sister to faint. While everyone tries to revive Liz, Liz\'s boyfriend makes a remark to her father about Maggie \'taking up with the Merrill boy\' implying that it was only for sex. Joe offended punches him and begins to fight right in court. The next day Maggie is back home, reading the paper which has headlines about their romance. Joe\'s father  arrives at the home. He tells Maggie he wanted to send his son to Hawaii until the scandal blew over, which Joe agreed to. However Joe apparently made plans to bring Maggie as well and marry on the boat. Mr. Merrill not happy with this tries to buy Maggie off with a check for $10,000; just as Joe arrives unaware his father is there. He tells Maggie his plans which upset her. Angry, she begins a whole tirade against him trying to find out if he really loved her or not. She begins to claim she is just a jazz girl and knew who he was all along. That she was a golddigger and just after his money and thanks to his father she now had what she wanted. She even plays a jazz record and puts on lipstick to further prove her point. Joe begins to cry, and Maggie touched breaks down and admits that none of it is true and the real reason she can\'t go away with him is because of her family  who needs her more than he does. Her father becomes livid and declares it was time \'he became the father of the family\' and takes charge of his wife and daughters. In a comedic scene he commands everyone  to pack Maggie\'s things; for the ship which leaves in 10 minutes. After an extreme car ride the couple barely make it. Once boarded the father realizes he never gave Maggie her suitcase; which he tries to throw but ends up in the ocean. The couple waves goodbye and eventually get crowded back from view. When the crowd leaves the audience sees them kissing.'] ["Having graduated from college, Matthew Anderson travels to Florida to spend some time with his older brother while deciding what career to pursue. He is not motivated by money or desire for worldly success; he spends a great deal of time observing marine creatures at the local marine life observation station, and successfully defends his right  to have a small aquarium in the rented apartment. He also earns a significant paycheck by writing radio advertisements, but that sort of work repels him. Urged by his brother to get a job, he becomes a lifeguard at the municipal swimming pool. In flashback scenes the audience learns that the boys used to spend pleasant summers at a Wisconsin lake with their family, often swimming across the lake for sport. The final such summer ended in tragedy - Michael had been busy with his career by then and was not at the lake; Matthew and his father began swimming across the lake but the father suffered cramps midway and drowned despite Matthew's frantic efforts to save him. Much of the film is devoted to Matthew's inner thoughts, including his conversations and visits with Jesus. Matthew tells us at the film's beginning that his stream-of-consciousness thoughts are like having a radio inside, with the dial being constantly tuned across the spectrum of available stations. Michael is dating a girl, Natalie, and is considering asking her hand in marriage. However, he is often insensitive to her emotional needs, a fact which his younger brother recognizes and tries to help with. Matthew then becomes emotionally attached to Natalie, but finally realizes that in order to keep his brother, he must give Natalie up, much as he gave up his father. The heaviness of this realization drives him to a suicide attempt. He concludes that God wants people to give everything to God, at least everything they value dearly."] ["Self-destructive, alcoholic nymphomaniac Marylee and her insecure, alcoholic playboy brother Kyle are the children of Texas oil baron Jasper Hadley. Spoiled by their inherited wealth and crippled by their personal demons, neither is able to sustain a personal relationship. Problems ensue after Kyle's impulsive marriage to New York City executive secretary Lucy Moore, who becomes a steadying influence to his life through the first few months after they meet. Kyle resumes drinking after being unsuccessful in fathering a baby. He turns against his childhood friend, Marylee's long-time infatuation, Mitch Wayne, a geologist for the oil company. Kyle's anger and depression grow after the death of his father, who admires Mitch but is disgusted with the behavior of his two heirs. Mitch is secretly in love with Lucy. He keeps these feelings private until Kyle, having been diagnosed with a low sperm count, physically assaults Lucy when she announces her pregnancy, wrongly assuming it to be the result of adultery with Mitch. Lucy's fall results in a miscarriage. Mitch vows to leave town with her as soon as she's well enough to travel. On his return, a drunken Kyle recovers a hidden pistol and intends to shoot Mitch. Marylee struggles with her brother for the weapon, but it accidentally fires, killing him. Repeatedly spurned by the man she claims to love, a spiteful Marylee threatens to implicate Mitch in Kyle's death. At the inquest, she first testifies that he killed her sibling. But she tearfully redeems herself at the last second by admitting the truth. Mitch and Lucy depart, leaving Marylee to mourn the death of her brother and run the company alone."] ["Many years ago, in Lapland, a boy named Nikolas is orphaned when his family are killed in an accident. The heads of the families in the village meet to decide his future and, as life in the arctic is difficult, it is decided that as no one family could care for him permanently, they would raise him communally, with each family taking him for one year and then moving him on to the next. Grateful, Nikolas begins whittling toys out of wood as a gift which, each Christmas, he leaves for the family that cared for him. It becomes a tradition from then, with Nikolas never forgetting the children of those families that received him each year. When a blight hits the village, and none of the families can afford to take him in for the next year, he is taken in by grumpy hermit Iisakki as his carpenter's apprentice. Iisakki works him hard but Nikolas is clever and quick to learn, and Iisakki gradually grows to love Nikolas as his own son. Nikolas begins to live more and more for the spirit of Christmas with each passing year and it becomes his life, and as he grows old he becomes the figure known as Santa Claus."] ['The story is about the family of a station master in a small town in the Karoo, whose life is changed when a travelling circus leaves a clown behind in town.'] ["The film follows several inhabitants of the Italian town during the end of World War II. Defeat is certain for the Germans, and the front is retreating back to Germany, leaving a path of destruction in their wake. The Germans plan to bomb several buildings in the town, and have told all the villagers to congregate in the town's church. Approximately half of the town decides to stay, and place their trust in the church. The rest of the town dresses in dark clothing, and go out to seek the Americans, who are rumored to be nearby, liberating towns as they come to them."] ["Son Hayes ([[Michael Shannon  wakes up and gets dressed, revealing that he has scars from a shotgun blast on his back. He meets his younger brothers, Boy  and Kid , who live in a tent and a van respectively, saying that his wife Annie has left him over his gambling habit and inviting them to live in his house. Son and Kid earn meager livings at a fish farm, where workers take bets on how Son received his scars; Boy is an unsuccessful basketball coach at the local middle school. One night, while Son is researching his gambling system, the boys' estranged mother arrives to announce that their estranged father  has just died. The brothers crash the funeral, where their father's second family is mourning. Son delivers a scathing commentary on their father, especially for callously abandoning them to be raised by their hateful mother, while going off to lovingly raise a second set of sons meanwhile forgetting, for the most part, his first set of sons. In the process, Son nearly starts a brawl with his four half-brothers. The eldest half-brother, Mark , vows revenge and starts a chain of violent confrontations. Meanwhile, Annie returns and tries to salvage her relationship with Son, but Son is unwilling to give up gambling. Kid plans on marrying his girlfriend, Cheryl, should he get an expected raise, but worries about providing for her and staying faithful. After Mark kills Boy's dog by leaving a poisonous snake in its water bowl, Kid attacks and kills Mark, but is himself severely injured in the fight and dies in the hospital. Son and Boy are unaware that Mark's brothers Stephen and John were involved in the fight until after Kid's funeral, when an acquaintance named Shampoo tells them. Son then goes to their mother, who is coldly indifferent to everything that is happening, to inform her that Kid has just died, while condemning her for raising her sons to be full of hate toward their half-brothers, before leaving her for the last time. The confrontations between the remaining brothers escalate, with Son on one side and John and Stephen Hayes on the other side unwilling to let the matter rest, despite their brother Cleaman's attempts to stop the feud. Son and Boy invade their half-brothers' farm and attack Stephen, but are interrupted and hospitalized by the remaining family and other farm workers. Annie and Cheryl are left grieving and bewildered by the continued fighting. Boy purchases a shotgun and holds Cleaman at gunpoint, but hesitates after seeing the man's sons, and leaves. Boy expresses worry that Son will kill himself trying to protect him from the half-brothers. He recalls how Son received his scars while protecting him and Kid. The second family arms themselves with shotguns on their farm, bracing for a shootout. Boy arrives at the farm unarmed and states that he is done fighting, offering a truce. The less combative half-brothers force Stephen to accept the truce, but he worries that Son will not hold to the agreement. Afterwards, Son awakens from his coma. Boy returns to Son, who recuperates from his injuries. The movie ends with the beginning of fall, with Cleaman seeing his youngest brother John off to college, Boy coaching again, and Son living at home with Annie and their son, Carter. The final scene of the movie shows Son and Boy enjoying a peaceful afternoon on the porch with Carter."] ['Lemuel "Lem" Siddons  is a saxophonist in a traveling band in 1930 who dreams of becoming a lawyer. When the band\'s bus reaches Hickory, a small town, Lem suddenly decides to leave the band and settle down, finding a job as a clerk in the general store. At the civic meeting, Lem notices that Vida Downey , soon to be his future wife, eliminated the YMCA and the 4-H from her list of three possible organizations to keep the town\'s boys off the streets, leaving only the Boy Scouts, and volunteers to become Scoutmaster of newly formed Troop 1. Lem turns out to be an all-around natural leader, and as he becomes more and more involved with the Scout troop, he finds his plans to become a lawyer being put on the back burner while he wins over the town\'s favor a little at a time, even as he encounters life\'s troubles along the way. Lem\'s life became fulfilled helping the town\'s boys, especially former troublemaker Whitey , mature into men.synopsis In appreciation, the entire town gave Lem a surprise celebration on October 2, 1950 , with  all of the Scouts during the twenty years of Troop 1 in attendance.{{cite web}}'] ['This is the story of a raven, considered by ornithologists to be the most intelligent of birds, who through its antics disrupts a family, even to causing enough problems that the town finally decides to put the bird on trial for its life. The tale is told in retrospect during that trial by the young girl who owns it.'] ['Anandh , an MBA graduate, runs from pillar to post in search of job. He stays in the house of an old Brahmin whose daughter Chandra  returns home following the death of her husband , who had been torturing her since their wedding. She slowly gets attracted towards Anandh for he shows love and affection towards her. Meanwhile, Anandh comes across Bharathy  in a bus who misplaces his academic certificates. Bharathy is a woman with revolutionary ideas and looks after her whole family. A sequence of events brings them close leading to Nandhana developing love towards him. Meanwhile, Anandh comes across one Divya Daisy .She is an orphan brought by up church and goes to find a job herself and settles in life all out of her own efforts. Anandh rescues her from an accident and rushes her to a hospital. Over a period of time, they become very close friends eventually leading to Divya Daisy opening her heart to Anandh. Caught in a tight corner, who Anandh decides to marry forms the rest.'] ['The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio is based on the true story of housewife Evelyn Ryan, who helped support her family by winning entries in jingle-writing contests. Evelyn\'s husband, Kelly, failed to support his family in part due to apparent alcoholism. He had dreamed of being a singer but lost his singing voice in a car accident, and was often cruel and abusive. In the movie, Evelyn wins a large freezer, ice buckets, a washing machine, a trip to New York, sleds, boots, a pony, a palm tree, a window, a sports car, a shopping spree in her local grocery store, ice crushers, a camera, dance shoes, a boat motor, pogo sticks, a case of dog food, and a lifetime supply of bird seed. Kelly, who feels like his role as provider for the family is being threatened, criticizes Evelyn and sometimes damages the prizes she wins. Their children side with her. At one point, Kelly gets angry at his wife and knocks her over while she is carrying 12 full glass bottles of milk, causing her to nearly sever a ligament. Evelyn is able to talk him down after each incident and, temporarily at least, he treats her better. Evelyn is largely isolated because of the hours she has to spend caring for the children and the lack of local intellectual equals. However, she is contacted by a group of other contest-entering mid-western housewives and befriends them. Ultimately, Evelyn discovers that Kelly had secretly taken out a second mortgage on their house and never made payments on it, leaving the family subject to an almost-certain foreclosure. The children pray for their mother\'s miraculous victory in a contest sponsored by Dr Pepper. She wins and pays the mortgage on the house. In the closing sequence, set years later, we learn that after Kelly died, Evelyn finds out that he has placed his pension checks in a bank account especially for her. The actual Ryan children are then shown as adults, including the actual Betsy Ryan and Terry "Tuff" Ryan, the author of the book.'] ['Following the loss of his mother in a car crash, T.J  falls into a state of depression. He and his pill popping father Paul  live with T.J.\'s elderly grandmother Madeleine . T.J. is emotionally attached to the wrecked car, follows it to the garage when it is towed away. Chased away from the garage by Dustin, a school bully, T.J. falls off his bicycle and angrily breaks a window of a house under construction. This disturbs a squatting resident named Hesher , who threatens T.J., but when a cop arrives, Hesher tosses an explosive out the window and flees. After school, Dustin finds his car vandalized by an obscene drawing. Dustin assumes T.J. did it and goes after him. Nicole  defends T.J. and gives him a ride home where, to his surprise, Hesher walks in and makes himself at home. Later that night during dinner, Madeleine remarks she would like T.J. to walk with her, and T.J. responds that he has to attend school. Hesher, irritated by T.J.\'s defiance, states in his usual vulgar manner that a walk with his grandmother is more important than school. The next day at school, Dustin attacks T.J.. Hesher appears, but he does not defend him. After school, Paul takes T.J. to group therapy in an attempt to help them through the loss of T.J.\'s mother. T.J. confronts Hesher about not intervening in the bathroom earlier that day. In response, they go to Dustin\'s house where Hesher sets Dustin\'s car on fire and leaves without T.J. The next morning, the police arrive to bring T.J. in for questioning, but no subsequent charges are filed due to lack of evidence. The following day, T.J. goes to the supermarket where Nicole works. After Nicole has finished her shift, Hesher and T.J. follow her in Hesher\'s van, until she hits another vehicle in a rear-end collision. Hesher scares off the other driver by pinning the blame on him, and subsequently offers a ride to Nicole because her car is broken. Once in the van, Hesher takes Nicole and T.J. to "his uncle\'s" house and the three swim. Once there, Hesher vandalizes the place and leaves suddenly. T.J. and Nicole walk back to Nicole\'s car, which has a parking ticket. Later that night, T.J. and Paul get into an argument over dinner. Madeleine is saddened that there is \'nothing she can do\', and goes to her room. Hesher teaches her how to smoke her medical marijuana from a bong, and promises to go on a walk with her in the morning. However, she dies early the next morning. T.J. uses Paul\'s credit card to withdraw money from his account, and tries to use it to buy the wrecked car back, but the owner of the garage tells him that the car is gone. T.J. goes to Nicole\'s apartment to give her the stolen money to help pay her parking ticket, but hears Hesher and Nicole having sex. T.J. is jealous, attacks both Hesher and his van, and rides off on his bike. He goes back to the house, and destroys all of Hesher\'s possessions, and takes a pair of cutting shears. T.J. goes to Dustin\'s house, where he threatens to cut off Dustin\'s toes if he does not tell where the wrecked car is. Dustin tells him that it is in the junk yard, and pins T.J. to the ground. However, Hesher arrives and cuts his nose with the shears. T.J. then goes to the junkyard to sit in the wrecked car and falls asleep in the back seat, dreaming of the car collision that killed his mother. The next morning, as the car is picked up and ready to be crushed, T.J. falls through the windshield. A few hours later, T.J. and Paul attend Madeleine\'s funeral, at which time Hesher tells a story about losing a testicle, but that he later was happy with his other testicle and penis being intact. Since he promised to walk with Madeleine he wheels her casket outside and down the road, an emotional T.J. and Paul join him. The next day, Paul shows T.J. the compacted remains of his mother\'s car that Hesher had procured from the junkyard and placed in the driveway. Hesher has disappeared, after painting on their roof "Hesher was here."'] ["Grizzled North Dakota rancher Stoney  heads to the big city to see his daughter and winds up bonding with the grandson he never knew in this heartwarming tale. Stoney's city-bred grandson, Charles , tricks him into getting help for a serious health issue. But with the aid of his rancher pal , Stoney escapes the hospital -- with Charles in tow -- for what becomes a life-altering adventure as Charles discovers his family roots and what it means to be a “wooly boy” ."] ['The film portrays the lives of shy conjoined twins Blake and Francis Falls, who take residence in a rundown hotel to hopefully reunite with their estranged birth mother; secluding themselves from the outside world. They find their gateway to the outside world through an eccentric young prostitute named Penny. They agree to attend a Halloween party with Penny and pretend to be wearing a "Siamese Twins" costume. The rest of the movie involves the brothers dealing with Francis\'s health problems, the changing relationship between the brothers, and Blake\'s budding relationship with Penny. Ultimately Francis\'s health deteriorates too far and the twins have to be separated. Francis is too sick to survive and dies, but Blake survives and must begin a life apart from his twin. Penny visits him and the two start a relationship.'] ["After serving time in Sing Sing, Eddie Ellison marries his fiancée Kay, and eventually the two have a daughter they name Shirley. Eddie helps his friend and former convict Larry Scott, who is engaged to Shirley's dance instructor Jane, get a job as a chauffeur for his employer, factory owner Stuart Carson. Trigger Stone, who also served time in Sing Sing, steals Mrs. Carson's pearl necklace and asks Eddie and Larry to sell it for him, but they refuse. Private investigator Welch, the man responsible for Eddie's conviction, tells the head of the National Insurance Company he suspects the chauffeurs are guilty of the robbery and informs Mr. Carson home about their prison records, prompting him to fire them. Trying to escape from the police, Trigger gives the pearl necklace to Shirley, who believes it is a belated birthday present. As part of a game, she hides it in her father's pocket, and when he finds it while Welch is searching the apartment, he conceals it in the carpet sweeper, but unbeknownst to him the neighbor's maid Anna borrows it and empties it before returning it. Kay returns home, and when she hears the story they try to open the sweeper. Welch returns and opens it himself, only to find it empty. After Welch leaves, Eddie, Larry, Kay and Jane search the apartment building for the necklace. When Trigger threatens Eddie with a gun, Eddie subdues him and ties him up, then goes for the police. During his absence, Shirley discovers the necklace in the garbage can downstairs. She brings it to Eddie but instead finds Trigger, who convinces her to let him free. He takes her hostage and climbs to the roof, where he shoots Eddie. Although injured, Eddie manages to capture Trigger. Shirley takes the necklace from Trigger's pocket, and detective Flannigan tells her she will be eligible for the $5,000 reward."] ['Halley Marie Martin  is a 17-year-old high school student who is disillusioned with love after seeing many dysfunctional relationships around her. Her parents are now divorced and her father, Len Martin , a radio talk show host, has a new young girlfriend that the entire family despises; mainly because she\'s the reason for the divorce. Her mother, Lydia , is now always alone while her sister, Ashley, is so overwhelmed by her upcoming wedding with Louis Worscher that she barely exists in the house anymore. On top of that, the shallowness of all the girls and guys at her school convinces Halley that finding true love is impossible. When Halley walks in on her best friend Scarlett having sex with her boyfriend, the high school soccer champ, Michael Sherwood, Halley tries to warn her of the complications that lie ahead. Ignoring her advice, Scarlett embarks on a summer fling with Michael. In the meantime, Halley must deal with Ashley and the rest of the Martins must deal with her soon-to-be in-laws, Louis\' overbearing Southern parents, who still have a maid, who just happens to be African-American. In the meantime, Halley runs into classmate Macon Forrester, a slacker who never shows up for biology and is more interested in having fun than school work. He is Michael Sherwood\'s best friend. Then a few weeks later, tragedy strikes. Michael dies of a heart defect on the soccer field while Halley, Scarlett and other classmates watch helplessly. This event changes the lives of Halley and Scarlett forever. While Scarlett does her best to look beautiful for Michael at his funeral, Macon gives a moving speech about his friend. Struggling with Michael\'s death, Scarlett, at age sixteen, soon learns that she is pregnant with his child. With Halley at her side, Scarlett reveals the pregnancy to her mother. Halley\'s father, Len Martin, marries his mistress, Lorna, in a beach-side ceremony, with guests from all over the world, or "within his radio frequency", as Halley puts it. Halley and Macon eventually start a relationship. He takes her to his and Michael\'s favorite hangout and once come close to having sex. Halley and her mother get into an argument and on New Year\'s Eve, Halley sneaks out with Macon to a party. Again, they come very close to having sex but this time Halley stops it and Macon is upset. On their way home, they are both upset and distracted and hit a tree. Halley gets a broken arm, but otherwise they both walk away from it unharmed, but Halley breaks up with Macon saying that she can\'t wait around for him to grow up. Later things go awry when Halley finds Ashley drunk on the family\'s front porch. Finding a male stripper\'s thong around her neck, Halley witnesses the break-up of her sister\'s engagement. She also learns that her mother sneaks out once a week to have sex with a man she met a couple of weeks previous, Steve. After another make-up, Lewis proposes to Ashley again, this time at a crowded airport: she says yes. On the day of Ashley and Lewis\' wedding, Macon bursts into Len\'s radio studio, professing his apologies and love to Halley. He then heads to the wedding. On the way, he finds Scarlett, who insisted on walking to the wedding, going into labor on the side of the road. He puts her in the car and walks into the wedding, getting Halley\'s attention. The three rush to the hospital, leaving Scarlett\'s mother behind in the rush. While Scarlett is having her baby, Halley makes a list of all the little things she hates about Macon, the way his hair falls over his face, the way his voice gets low when it serious, the way he bites his lip when he\'s nervous and the way his eyebrow twitches. Halley playfully uses Macon\'s \'Jedi Mind Trick\' and they kiss and dance briefly in the hallway. The movie ends as Halley and Macon embrace and we see that Scarlett gave birth to a baby boy.'] ['The film is based on the true story of the murder of Rachel Barber, an Australian teenager who went missing on 1 March 1999 and whose body was found on 13 March 1999. Rachel was killed by an former neighbor of the family, Caroline Reed Robertson, who had babysat all of the Barber children when she was a teenager.  In Her Skin is inspired by the book Perfect Victim by Elizabeth Southall  and Megan Norris . In the film, the story is told from the alternating points of view of the victim, the victim\'s parents, and the murderer. We feel sympathy for all of the characters as the story unfolds and reveals the secrets of Rachel\'s disappearance. The film begins on the night that Rachel goes missing and shows her parents, Elizabeth and Mike, as they frantically search for her -- with little help from the local police. Flashbacks reveal details about all of the characters, including an explanation for the motive of the murderer, Caroline Reed Robertson. Caroline is portrayed in such a way that the audience develops some pity for her. She is a pathetic character, a disturbed young woman who has struggled all her life with feelings of parental rejection, inferiority, and self-loathing. Caroline sees Rachel as the embodiment of the perfect person she wishes she were. According to the film\'s end title notes, "Caroline Reed Robertson was found guilty of the murder of Rachel Barber and was sentenced to 20 years in prison. She is eligible for parole in 2013, when she will be 33 years old."'] ['The film is set in Coalwood, West Virginia in the year 1957. The coal mine is the town\'s largest employer and almost every man living in the town works in the mines. John Hickam ([[Chris Cooper , the mine superintendent, loves his job and hopes that his boys, Jim  and Homer , will one day join him in his mine. When it appears that Jim will receive a football scholarship to attend college, this leaves Homer to fulfill his father\'s dream, although his mother, Elsie , hopes for more for her son. In October, news of the Soviet Union\'s rocket launch of Sputnik 1 reaches Coalwood. As the townspeople gather outside the night of the broadcast, they see the satellite orbit across the sky. Filled with awe and a belief that this may be his chance out of Coalwood, Homer sets out to build rockets of his own and enter the science fair. Initially, his family and later his classmates think he has gone crazy and is wasting his time, especially when he teams up with Quentin Wilson ([[Chris Owen , the school\'s math geek who also has an interest in rocket engineering. With the help of his friends, Roy Lee Cooke  and Sherman O\'Dell , and support from their science teacher, Miss Riley , the four try out their new passion. While their first launches are failures, they begin experimenting with new fuels and rocket designs. After several successful launches, the local paper runs a story about them. The next day, they are arrested — accused of having started a forest fire with a rocket that had gone astray. After Homer\'s father picks him up from the police station, Roy Lee is seen getting beat up by his stepfather, Vernon. Homer\'s father intervenes and rescues Roy Lee, warning the drunken man that, even though Roy Lee\'s father is dead, he will fight for Roy Lee as Roy Lee\'s father would have. In a rare display of emotion, he tells Roy Lee that Roy\'s father was one of the best men who ever worked for him. The arrest, along with Homer\'s father\'s lack of support, crushes the boys\' dreams. After a mine disaster, Homer\'s father is injured rescuing "... a dozen men [who] would have died...", though one other miner does die . Homer drops out of high school and works the mine to provide for the family while his dad recovers. Later, Homer is inspired to look at a rocket science book Miss Riley gave him, and learns how to calculate rockets\' trajectories. This shows him that their lost rocket could not have caused the fire, as it was unable to travel that far. Homer and Quentin recover the rocket in a stream just about where they figure it should have landed. The boys present their findings to Miss Riley, the school principal, and the police. Chagrined, Principal Turner identifies the offending projectile as a flare from a nearby airfield. Homer returns to school, and the boys return to rocket making, and win a school science fair. The school sends Homer to the national science fair in Indianapolis, Indiana. That night, John is almost shot by a man in a black car outside. John, with Homer and Jim in tow, exits the house to see who fired. John shouts "Vernon!" realizing this was apparently revenge for the threats John gave Roy Lee\'s stepfather earlier. Homer and Jim express their concern about this to their father, but John passes it over, bitterly telling Homer to go "look for his suitcase" . Fed up, Homer confronts his father and a heated argument ensues. Homer storms out of the house, vowing to never return or look back. Homer goes to and enters the fair. His display goes over very well, but when he leaves to go sightseeing, someone steals his de Laval nozzle, as well as his autographed picture of Wernher von Braun. Homer makes an urgent phone call home for help. His mother convinces Homer\'s father to end the ongoing strike so that Mr. Bolden can build a replica of the stolen nozzle. John bitterly refuses but gives in when Elsie, fed up with his lack of support for their son, threatens that she will have to leave him. With the help of the contributors back in his home town, Homer wins the top prize and is besieged with scholarship offers from colleges. He is also congratulated by his inspiration Dr. von&nbsp;Braun, but in the confusion does not learn the engineer\'s identity until after he is gone. Homer returns to Coalwood as a hero, and visits Miss Riley, who is now ill with Hodgkin\'s disease. He shows her the medal he has won, and she responds touchingly. A launch of their largest rocket yet  is the last scene of the film.  Homer\'s father finally shows up for a launch, and is given the honor of pushing the firing button. As the rocket streams upward, the film shows the view from the perspectives of many characters. As the group looks up to the rocket, John slowly puts his hand on Homer\'s shoulder and smiles. Homer is invited to take one last look at the coal mine with his father. A series of vignettes  tells the later lives of the real characters upon which the movie was based.'] ['The film tells the story of Jim Morris, the son of a career Navy man, who moves the family to a small Texas town. Jim is shown to be a very skilled pitcher as a youth, though his father disapproves of Jim\'s dream of making it to Major League Baseball. It is later mentioned that the town to which Jim\'s family moved, Big Lake, has never cared for baseball. Thus, he was unable to play baseball in high school. He later gets a chance when he is drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers, but he tears up his shoulder, ending his hopes of achieving his lifelong dream. Years later in 1999 Morris, married with three children, is a high school science teacher, as well as head baseball coach. His team, the Big Lake Owls, is very unsuccessful with many of his players skilled, but unmotivated, especially with very little community support. One day after practice, the team catcher offers to play catch with Morris. There it is revealed that Jimmy may still have his fastball, and it is soon displayed to the rest of the team. The Owls believe that Jimmy could possibly pitch in the major leagues and offer him a deal: If the Owls can win district and make the state playoffs, Jim will try out again, which Jim accepts. Furthermore, the team urges him to throw his fastball in batting practice, which immensely improves their hitting. The Owls end up winning district and after their final win, the team tells Jim that, since they kept up their end of the deal, it is now his turn to do his part. Jim is told of a tryout nearby for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, and Jim goes, without telling his wife, afraid that her fear of him re-injuring his shoulder would keep him from going. After his tryout, Jim is told that his fastball is a staggering 98&nbsp;mph, which is abnormally higher than it was in his younger years . The lead scout tells Jim that, despite his advanced age , he could be signed to a minor-league deal. Jim\'s wife finds out after getting two phone messages from the Tampa Bay scouts and she is at first reluctant to let Jim go, citing his home responsibilities, but after seeing how Jim is inspiring their son, Hunter , she allows him to go. Jim tells his father, who he still has a cold relationship with, of his situation, and his father once again tries to dissuade Jim from trying to achieve his dream again, telling Jim, "There is a difference between what you want to do and what you were meant to do." He is initially assigned to the minor league Class AA Orlando Rays  but quickly moves up to the AAA Durham Bulls. Concerned for his family due to mounting bills  and unhappy that some of the organization\'s younger prospects view him as a publicity stunt and mock his age, Jimmy decides to give it up and come home. But his wife Lorri talks him out of it, not wanting Jim to give up again. Jim gets inspired again when he watches a Little League game one night, remembering the same love for baseball he had as a kid. In September Jim is told that the Major League club has called him up, and that they will be playing in Texas against the Rangers. Jim calls his family, who in turn informs the town. Advising his wife of the dress code in the majors, Jim finds his sports coat, a necktie and his St. Rita necklace hanging in his locker. St. Rita is the saint of impossible dreams. His family, high school players and many townspeople go to the game. Jim impresses many of the coaches in warm-ups with his fastball, and late in the game, with Tampa Bay losing badly, Jim is called into the game to pitch to Royce Clayton and end the inning. Jim ends up striking out Clayton on 3 straight fastballs. After the game, Jim gets interviewed by the press, being the oldest MLB rookie in over 40 years. During the interview, Jim notices his father had also come to the game. Jim\'s father finally admits that he is proud of what Jim has done and also apologizes for never supporting him. Jim thanks him and gives him the ball with which he had gotten the strikeout, and the two finally repair their relationship. Jim then meets with his family and all the townspeople who had come to the game, applauding Jim on his amazing success story. The final scene shows the Big Lake high school trophy case, which has Jim\'s Major League jersey prominently displayed. It is then mentioned that Jim would go on to pitch in the majors for 2 seasons before retiring and returning to teaching in Texas.'] ['Hiram Otis comes to England with his wife, daughter and two sons on a research grant; he and his family will live in a castle called Canterville Hall. But the Castle is haunted by the spirit of a disgraced ancestor, Sir Simon de Canterville, doomed to remain on the estate after the death of his wife; his goal is to send the family packing so he begins a ghostly reign of terror: reappearing bloodstains, clanking chains, haunting moans. As is revealed by Lord Canterville  and the servants Mr and Mrs Umney, numerous people have stayed at Canterville Hall in the last few years and have all been scared away by Sir Simon - the locals start betting on how long the Otis family will stay. Virginia \'Ginny\' Otis, the daughter, starts to get suspicious when it becomes apparent that the mysterious noises are not her younger brothers playing tricks and discovers a mysterious prophecy in a book about the house\'s history. She also discovers a secret passage in the library that leads to a cell where Sir Simon resides during the day with his raven familiar Gabriel. Initially disliking the house and life in England, Ginny starts to appreciate her new home and becomes attracted to Francis, the young Duke of Cheshire, who has also seen Sir Simon\'s ghost. Unfortunately, Hiram does not believe in ghosts and accuses Ginny of trying to scare the family so they\'ll return to America. Sir Simon becomes infuriated by the family\'s resilience and is himself scared by a fake ghost that the boys built. Angrily chasing the Otis children, Sir Simon causes Ginny to get in even more trouble with her father - who is so sceptical he can\'t even see Sir Simon. Ginny uses the secret passage to return to the cell and yells at the ghost for getting her in trouble, but ultimately ends up befriending him. Later, Francis takes a walk with Ginny and explains that Sir Simon was suspected of murdering his wife Lady Eleanor and his fate remains unknown. He and Ginny eventually separate in the Canterville chapel, but Sir Simon appears to the tearful Ginny and advises her to not let her fears ruin her chances of finding true love. Ginny follows his advice and makes her feelings apparent to Francis. Hiram, still blaming Ginny for the strange happenings, decides to send Ginny back home to America. Going to Sir Simon for help, Ginny also explains how her father doesn\'t believe in ghosts  and they plot to trick Hiram into believing. They will perform a scene from Shakespeare\'s Hamlet and Sir Simon will play the ghost of Hamlet\'s father . During the performance, however, Sir Simon suddenly chickens out and disappears halfway through the scene - even worse, Hiram insists it was a special effect . Ginny sneaks back to the cell that night and discovers that the lines of the play brought back sad memories for Sir Simon. He confesses that he drove his wife insane after being tricked into thinking she had been unfaithful and that Lady Eleanor killed herself. Surrendering himself to Eleanor\'s family for punishment, Sir Simon was locked in the cell to starve and cursed by a witch, who condemned him to haunt the house by night and lament the death of his wife by day - Sir Simon has not slept for centuries and can only rest if he is redeemed and allowed to pass on. Ginny wants to help him, so Sir Simon takes her to the library and reveals that she has already fulfilled part of the prophecy, she has wept for him. Next, she must pray for him. Finally, Sir Simon takes her through a portal in the fireplace to the "Realm of Darkness" to plead to the Angel of Death on his behalf. The next morning, Hiram goes to Ginny\'s bedroom to try to make amends and discovers she isn\'t there. Panicking, the family search the house and estate aided by Francis, the Umneys, Lord Canterville and the locals. They find the cloak Ginny was wearing last night in the library and everyone but Hiram realises that Ginny has been taken away by the ghost. Hiram starts to hear Ginny\'s voice in his mind and sees her image in Sir Simon\'s portrait, causing him to start believing in ghosts. That night, they hear a mysterious noise and rush to the library, where the fireplace opens again to reveal Ginny trying to get home from the Realm of Darkness - her family and Francis rescue her before the portal closes. Ginny takes the family to Sir Simon\'s cell and they find his chained skeleton. Gabriel disappears, no longer needed, and they hear the chapel bell  ring out. Outside, a dead almond tree comes back to life and blooms, fulfilling the prophecy and confirming that Sir Simon is redeemed. The family decide to stay at Canterville indefinitely, with the blessing of Lord Canterville  and have Sir Simon\'s remains buried in the garden beside Lady Eleanor\'s. Francis and Ginny visit the grave and Ginny thanks Sir Simon for everything he taught her about life, death and how love is stronger than both. Ghostly voices are heard, implying that Sir Simon has been reunited with his wife and is finally happy. A classic story of redemption and forgiveness, told through a comic lens. Located at Knebworth House, Stevenage, Herts.'] ["Set in a small town of Stillwater, Minnesota, Erik  is an adolescent loner with a vain and selfish workaholic mother, Gail  who hardly spends time with him. Dexter  is his neighbor who lives behind Erik, who contracted HIV through a blood transfusion. Initially, Erik is put off by Dexter, but the two soon become good friends despite their differences. Erik seeks a family in Dexter and his congenial mother, Linda , due to his strained relationship with Gail, but keeps the friendship a secret from her, knowing that she won't approve. Gail discovers the friendship one night after Linda comes over to ask Erik about something Dexter ate in the boys' quest to find a natural cure for his disease. She is furious and warns Linda to keep Dexter away, showing that not only is she selfish and neglectful, but also a bigot. Linda, who resents Gail because of her ways, refuses to listen and encourages the friendship. When the boys read an article in a tabloid about a doctor in distant New Orleans who claims to have found a cure for AIDS, they set out on their own down the Mississippi River in the hope of finding a means of saving Dexter's life. Initially, the boys start taking a boat down the river with a bunch of degenerates, but eventually steal their money  and try to hitchhike the rest of the way. When the boatmen find that their money has been stolen, they locate the kids at a bus station and proceed to chase them until they reach a dead end in a dilapidated building. Erik draws a switchblade, causing one of the men to draw a knife as well. Dexter suddenly grabs the knife from Erik, and cuts his hand to cause himself to bleed. He threatens the boatman with his blood, saying that he has AIDS and could easily transfer the disease to him . Dexter then chases the boatmen off, threatening them with his bleeding hand. Once the two men are gone, Dexter realizes what he has done in directly exposing his blood to the outside environment. He suddenly feels sick, so Erik helps to escort him back to the bus station. Realizing that their journey must end if Dexter is to be treated, Erik resorts to calling Linda to have her pick the boys up when they arrive on the bus in Stillwater. Once they return, Dexter spends the rest of his time in the hospital. Erik stays with Linda, knowing that not only will Gail be angry, but she will not let him visit Dexter in the hospital. Dexter and Erik prank the doctors three times that Dexter's dead. But when the third doctor arrives to check him, Dexter really is dead. While driving Erik home, Linda notices a mother holding her young child while crossing the street. With the child serving as a reminder of Dexter, she pulls over and breaks down crying. Erik apologizes to her, saying that he should have tried harder to find a cure. Linda, taken aback by his comment, embraces Erik, explaining that he was the happiest thing in Dexter's difficult life. Upon arrival at home, they are confronted by a furious Gail. When Gail starts to hit Erik, Linda quickly intervenes and asks to talk to her privately. Once inside Linda's home, Gail's anger backfires when Linda pins her against the door and angrily and tearfully tells her about Dexter's death and that Erik is going to the funeral. She ends with threatening to kill Gail if she ever hits Erik again. Gail sadly complies. At the funeral, Erik places one of his shoes in the coffin and takes one of Dexter's to let sail down the river . This way, the shoes represent the boys' souls and their will to live."] ['This relationship between the two parents in this movie , was parodied in a skit of the same name on the comedy series "In Living Color".'] ['Barkley and Lucy Cooper are an elderly couple who lose their home to foreclosure, as Barkley has been unable to find employment because of his age. The couple summons four of their five children &mdash; the fifth lives thousands of miles away in California &mdash; to break the news and decide where they will live until they can get back on their feet. Only one of the children, Nell, has enough space for both, but she asks for three months to talk her husband into the idea. In the meantime, the temporary solution is for the parents to split up and each go to live with a different one of the children. The two burdened families soon come to find the respective parents\' presence bothersome. Nell\'s efforts to talk her husband into helping are half-hearted and achieve no success, and she reneges on her promise to eventually take them in. While Barkley continues looking for work to allow him and his wife to live independently again, it is obvious that he has little or no prospect of success. When Lucy continues to speak optimistically of the day that he will find work, her teenage granddaughter bluntly advises her to "face facts" that it will never happen because of his age. Lucy\'s sad reply is to say that "facing facts" is easy for a carefree 17-year old girl, but that at Lucy\'s age, the only fun left is "pretending that there ain\'t any facts to face ... so would you mind if I just kind of went on pretending?" With no end in sight to the uncomfortable living situation, each of the host families looks for a way to get the parent they are hosting out of their house. When Barkley catches a cold, his daughter Cora seizes upon it as a pretext to assert that his health demands a milder climate, thus necessitating that he move to California to live with daughter Addie there. Meanwhile, son George and his wife Anita begin planning to move Lucy into a retirement home. Lucy accidentally finds about their plans, but rather than force George into the awkward position of breaking the news to her, she goes to him first and claims that she wants to move into the home. Meanwhile Barkley resigns himself to his fate of having to move thousands of miles away, though he too is entirely aware of his daughter\'s true motivation for sending him. On the day Barkley is to depart by train, he and Lucy make plans to go out and spend one last afternoon together before having a farewell dinner with the four children. The couple have a fantastic time strolling around the city and reminiscing about their happy years together, even visiting the same hotel in which they had stayed on their honeymoon 50 years prior. Their day is made so pleasant partly because of the kindness of various people they encounter, who, although strangers, seem to find them a charming couple, to genuinely enjoy their company and to treat them with deference and respect. This, of course, stands in stark contrast to the treatment the two are receiving from their children, and eventually Barkley and Lucy decide to continue their wonderful day by skipping the farewell dinner and dining at the hotel instead. When Barkley informs their daughter of their decision with a blunt phone call, it prompts introspection among the four children. Son Robert suggests that each of the children has always known that collectively they are "probably the most good-for-nothing bunch of kids that were ever raised, but it didn\'t bother us much until we found out that Pop knew it too." George notes that it is now so late in the evening that they won\'t even have time to meet their parents at the train station to see their father off. He says that he deliberately let the time pass until it was too late because he figured their parents would prefer to be alone. Nell objects that if they don\'t go to the station, their parents "will think we\'re terrible", to which George matter-of-factly replies, "Aren\'t we?" At the train station, Lucy and Barkley say their farewells to one another. On the surface, their conversation echoes Lucy\'s comments to her granddaughter about preferring to pretend, rather than facing facts. Barkley tells Lucy that he will soon find a job in California and then quickly send for her, and Lucy replies that she is sure he will do so. They then offer each other a truly final goodbye, saying that they are doing so "just in case" they do not see each other again because "anything could happen". Each makes a heartfelt statement reaffirming their lifelong love for the other, in what seems an unspoken acknowledgment that this is almost certainly their final moment together.'] ['Judge Raghunath is a wealthy district judge who convicts Jagga, a man whose father was a criminal, of rape on little evidence. The judge believes that "good people are born to good people, and criminals are born to criminals." Jagga later escapes and kidnaps the judge\'s wife Leela for revenge. When he finds out that she has just become pregnant, he releases her after four days and plans a different kind of revenge. The judge becomes suspicious that Leela was unfaithful to him with Jagga, and throws her out of the house. She has a son, Raj, and they live in poverty as a result of being estranged from the father. As a child, Raj befriends Rita in school, but he is removed from the school rolls while trying to maintain a job, and Rita moves to another city. Even though they are separated, Rita remains in Raj\'s thoughts. On the streets, Raj turns to a life of petty crime and finds a father-figure in Jagga, who helps him to become a talented criminal. While planning a bank robbery with his friends, Raj realizes they need an automobile. He snatches a woman\'s purse after she steps out of the car, but finds no keys, and pretends to pursue the thief to release suspicion from himself. After his elaborate act, he returns the purse to the woman, who is soon revealed to be Rita. Rita is now the warden of the Judge, who suspects that Raj is no good and eventually restricts Rita from seeing him. Raj and Rita, who is becoming a lawyer, eventually realize that they are the same childhood friends, and they fall in love. Raj tries to quit his life of crime, but his employees fire him when they find out that he was a thief. Becoming desperate he goes back to Jagga for a money loan, but Jagga wants him to commit more crimes. Raj refuses, but steals a necklace from a man he meets on the street, not knowing it was the judge. When he gives the necklace to Rita for her birthday, she discover that he is indeed a thief. Rita goes to Raj\'s mother and finds out the whole truth about his life. When Raj realizes that Jagga is responsible for his mother\'s misery, he kills Jagga in a fit of rage. At his trial the judge in the case is Raghunath. Rita persuades him that Raj acted in self defense. However, when Raj learns that the judge is his father, he escapes and attempts to kill him. Due to these actions, Raj is brought to another court, and is defended by Rita. In the end, Raj is sentenced to 3 years in prison for his crime, but Rita promises to wait for him.'] ['With a high content of film noir and set in Argentina, with the reunion of two brothers, the story follows the rivalries born out of creative differences passed down through generations of an artistic Italian immigrant family.{{cite web}}'] ["A Boston family decides to move to the country and begin a new life after their young son, Sam, is threatened by bullies. When the Docherty family reaches their new home, things aren't much better. The father, Gary, learns the job he has been promised has been given to a local, and there is a general dislike by the townspeople of the new city folk. Sam adopts a dog and the daughter Courtney finds a new boyfriend, Judd. Things improve for the family, but it is not until Sam commits a daring act of bravery that the Docherty family is finally accepted in their new community."] ['{{Expand section}} A litter of pigs are born to the Arable farm. One is a runt so John Arable decides to "do away with it". However, when his daughter, Fern, hears of the pig\'s fate, she rescues him and tells her dad that it is absurd to kill it just because it is smaller than the others. She gets to raise him and names him Wilbur. However, after only six weeks of raising him, John tells Fern that it is time for him to be sold . She sadly says good-bye as Wilbur is sold down the street to her uncle, Homer Zuckerman. When Wilbur wants to play with a lamb, his father  says that sheep do not play with pigs because it is only a matter of time before they are turned into smoked bacon and ham. Wilbur starts crying, saying that he does not want to die, but a voice from above tells him to "chin up". The next day, she sings a song about "chinning up", and reveals herself to be a spider named Charlotte. She saves him by writing messages in her web, hence the title. She eventually dies, and although 511 of her children leave the barn , three of them stay. But as much as Wilbur loves them, they will never replace her memory.'] ["The story revolves around Yoko Inoue , a young Japanese woman doing research on Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye, whose work is featured on the soundtrack. The late composer's Japanese wife and daughter also make appearances as themselves."] ['The story centers on an emotionally challenged man named Bobby . He runs away from home in order to escape his abusive stepfather , nicknamed "The Fat", who had killed Bobby\'s pet mouse and, as Bobby puts it, screamed at his mother until she died as a result. He finds himself in woodlands near Cornwall in England, eventually meeting an old man after being involved in a car accident . Mr. Summers, as the man calls himself, spends his time traveling and giving burials to animals that have been killed by cars, a task he refers to as "The Work". Bobby, also having an affinity for animals, becomes friends with the old man and aids him in his task. Eventually, the pair return to London to confront "The Fat".'] ['Wataru Hirayama  is a wealthy Tokyo businessman who acts as a go-between for couples seeking marriages. When an old schoolmate Mikami  approaches him for help concerning his daughter Fumiko , who has run off owing to a conflict with her father, he agrees. Finding her in a bar where she now works, he listens to her side of the story. Fumiko complains that her father is stubborn, insisting on arranging her marriage, whereas she has now fallen in love with a musician and is adamant to lead life her own way. One day during work, a young man named Taniguchi  approaches Hirayama to ask for the hand of his elder daughter, Setsuko . Hirayama is extremely unhappy that his daughter has made wedding plans on her own. He confronts her at home, during which he blows his top, and rules that she must remain locked at home until she sees the folly of her ways. Hirayama tries to find out more about Taniguchi from his subordinate. Owing to the standoff, his daughter\'s friend Yukiko  tries a ruse in which she asks Hirayama opinion concerning a similar situation – her mother forcing her to marry someone she didn\'t like. When Hirayama advises her to ignore her mother, Yukiko reveals it is all a setup and states that Hirayama has just given his consent to Setsuko\'s marriage. Hirayama\'s wife Kiyoko  tries unsuccessfully to make him change his mind. She accuses her husband of being "inconsistent". Even his younger daughter Hisako  is on the side of her sister, finding her father too old-fashioned. Finally, after the couple\'s insistence on getting married, Hirayama decides to give in by attending his daughter\'s wedding. After the wedding, Mikami reveals that he, like Hirayama, has agreed to let his daughter select her own marriage partner. After going for a short business trip outside Tokyo, Hirayama decides to visit the newly-weds at Hiroshima by train, where Taniguchi is stationed by his company.'] ["The movie revolves around a family of four: a young civil engineer Shekar , his wife, Chitra , and their two young children Arjun  and Anu . The movie opens with Chitra giving birth to her third child but unfortunately the girl is still-born. A couple of years later, Shekar and his family move to a new apartment complex. The family seems to have moved on from their grief due to the still-born child incident and live happily. After a few altercations with the kids in the colony, Arjun and Anu are accepted by all the kids as their own. The kids are all for pulling pranks and generally causing a clamor around the apartment colony. One such constant joke they play on a mentally retarded ex-watchman  of the colony, much to the chagrin of his wife. The only tenant they are afraid of is an ex-convict  who lives alone in one of the apartments. On one particular day, Chitra and the kids decided to surprise Shekar by meeting him at his construction area, unannounced. Nevertheless, on coming to the site, they learned from one of the construction workers that Shekar has left to conduct an emergency matter elsewhere. When Shekar returns home for dinner that night, Chitra casually asks Shekar where he was on that day, to which, Shekar replies that he was at the construction site the whole day. Chitra feels hurt to hear about Shekar lying and leaves the dining hall. Arjun and Anu too sense that their father is lying to them and leave the place. Nevertheless, before leaving the room, Anu blurts out accusations on her father, saying that he's lying about being at the site the whole day. Sekhar apologises to Chitra and consoles her and they both make up. On New Year’s Eve, Arjun slips out late at night with the older children to celebrate while Sekhar is out of town on a business trip. Nevertheless, while dancing with his friends on the road, Arjun sees Shekar with another woman and is shocked to know that his father has lied to them about going out of the town. Later, Arjun and the other children are hauled by the police back to their homes. Chitra is furious to learn about Arjun's escapade and when Shekar comes back, asks him to punish Arjun. While Shekar inquires him about the incident, Arjun, who was still angry at his father, blurts out that he saw Shekar with another woman on New Year’s Eve. Chitra and Anu become shocked on hearing about the incident. Chitra then starts suspecting that Sekhar is having affair with another woman and confronts him about it but Sekhar swears on both his kids that he is not. A few days later, while on the bus, Chitra spots Sekhar talking to a woman. She gets out of the bus and confronts Shekar. Without waiting for his explanations, she rushes back home, packs her bags and threatens to walk out of the house with her kids. Sekhar pleads her to stay but she doesn’t stop. Finally, Shekar comes clean. Their third child, Anjali , was born mentally ill and with a terminal illness a few years ago. The doctors did not give the child more than a couple of months to live. To avoid the sadness for a couple of months from an already physically exhausted Chitra and to protect his children from the trauma, he colludes with the doctors to lie to his family that the child was stillborn. But much to the surprise of everyone, the child has made it past her second birthday and is seemingly physically healthy. The woman Shekar was talking to is Anjali’s doctor. Although Chitra is saddened by this betrayal, she decides to bring Anjali back home. Anjali is not like a normal child and requires constant attention from both the parents. This causes the other two siblings to dislike Anjali. Moreover, the other kids in the colony and school tease them by making fun of Anjali’s condition. One day, the other kids in the colony make fun of Anjali by tying a string of cans behind her. This causes Arjun to fight with the other kids. He gets bruised which saddens Anjali, but a special bond is born between the siblings. Arjun becomes protective of her and challenges the other kids in the colony to a fight if they can’t accept her. The kids accept Anjali and all the kids come to love her. This causes the parents of the kids to worry as they don’t want their kids to be close with a mentally retarded kid. During an apartment association meeting, the parents of the kids demand that Shekar and Chitra either leave the apartment or institutionalize Anjali. The only person to argue for Anjali’s presence is the ex-convict. The parents are afraid of him and let it go. But soon, Anjali wins over everyone in the apartment complex and everyone comes to like her. Meanwhile Shekar, during a late-night visit to his construction site with Chitra and Anjali, is witness to a murder. He reports this to the police and the murderer is arrested. The murderer is enraged and visits Shekar’s house after getting out on bail. He physically assaults and plans on killing Shekar. But the ex-convict comes to the rescue and kills the murderer in the altercation when he threatens Shekar’s family and is arrested. The ex-convict thanks Shekar before leaving as Anjali was the only person to show compassion to him. The next morning, Anu wakes up and goes to wake up Anjali, but she doesn’t wake up. Anjali had died in her sleep. As more and more people come after hearing Anu’s screams, they all are saddened by the demise of the girl who taught them to accept and forgive."] ['Yashvardhan "Yash" Raichand  is a rich businessman, living in New Delhi with his wife Nandini  and his two sons, Rahul and Rohan. The elder son, Rahul is adopted whilst Rohan is their biological son. As a result, Rahul feels indebted to his parents when he finds out  about his adoption. As an adult, Rahul  falls in love with Anjali Sharma , a girl belonging to a lower social standing than him, against the wishes of Yash, who wants him to marry Naina Kapoor . Rahul, however, rebels and marries Anjali, following which Yash disowns Rahul as his son. Disheartened, Rahul leaves for London with his wife. Nandini sends Sayeeda , Rahul and Rohan\'s nanny, after Rahul to take care of him. Meanwhile, Rohan is sent to a boarding school, as per family tradition. Ten years later, a grown-up Rohan  finds out the truth about Rahul\'s disappearance. He asks his parents to let him go to London to attend graduate school; but he does so in order to conspire with Anjali\'s sister, Pooja "Poo" Sharma  to bring his brother back home. Poo informs Rahul that Rohan is her friend\'s cousin who has shifted from India to London to pursue his studies and needs a place to stay. Rahul reluctantly agrees to let him live with them. When Rahul eventually finds out about Rohan\'s identity, Rohan begs of him to return home. Rahul refuses, as he believes that Yash does not love him. Poo, however, believes that Rahul will go back home, so she encourages Rohan to invite his parents over to London and arrange for them to meet Rahul. Once in London, Nandini and Rahul share a happy reunion. But Rahul refuses to talk to his father. Meanwhile, Yash finds out about the conspiracy and is furious with Rohan. He and Nandini, however, return to India due to the sudden death of his mother . Rahul, who also joins Yash and Rohan during the funeral service, agrees to return home for one visit to meet his mother, on the insistence of Rohan and Poo. Once there, Yash expresses his guilt for disowning his elder son, and adds that Rahul was foolish enough for believing that his father did not love him. The film ends with an elaborate wedding ceremony of Rohan and Poo, in which the entire family participates.'] ['Set in the small, decaying, and nearly bankrupt town of Empire Falls, Maine, this is the story of Miles Roby, the unassuming manager of the Empire Grill, who has spent his entire life in the town. He has an ex-wife, Janine, who has become a cocky, selfish bachelorette after losing weight and exercising rigorously. This is partly due to encouragement from Walt Comeau, an antagonistic fitness center owner who visits the Empire Grill every day and has moved into Roby\'s old house by this point. Roby also has a loving teenage daughter nicknamed "Tick" who is dealing with Zack Minty, her cruel ex-boyfriend plus an emotional conflict over her mother\'s engagement to Walt. In addition, she has a complicated friendship with John Voss, an emotionally disturbed boy at school whose hard-luck story is known all too well around town. The obnoxious jock Zack and his friends constantly bully John. Other important people in Miles\' life include his grubby ne\'er-do-well father, a rascal who can\'t resist a handout when it comes his way; his reformed marijuana smoking brother, who is a talented Empire Grill cook; his good-hearted ex-mother-in-law, who owns a bar; the town\'s wealthiest woman, a condescending matron who owns the Empire Grill; that woman\'s daughter, who has loved Miles for many years; an attractive waitress, a retiring police chief and a dimwitted police officer, who is Zack\'s father and has known Miles since childhood. Miles is plagued by flashbacks of his family when he was a child, including a mysterious affair between his mother and a suitor, the details of which might answer some questions Miles has had his entire life.'] ['Set in Denmark during September 1943, Miracle at Midnight tells the dramatic true story of the Danish rescue of Jews from Nazi concentration camps. Doctor Karl  and Doris  Koster are a Christian couple living in Copenhagen with their two children, 18 year old Henrik  and preteen Else . As Chief Surgeon of Christiana Hospital, Doctor Koster initially uses his position to protect a young resistance fighter shot by the Nazis. Meanwhile, Henrik is secretly working for the same group, commandeering weapons sent to the Nazis. On Wednesday, September 29, 1943 , Doctor Koster learns of the imminent arrest of the Danish Jews on midnight Friday . The Kosters start by hiding Rabbi Ben Abrams and his family, but soon become an integral part of an effort to transport over 7,000 Jews to neutral Sweden. Doctor Koster, hospital staff and his family work with the resistance to save the Danish Jews from Theresienstadt Concentration Camp. As Doctor Koster narrates, "In every language and religion, to be humane is to love your neighbor." Henrik and his friend load up a truckload of Jews and plan to send them to Sweden. There they are stopped by German Nazi officials. They ask Henrik to open the back of the truck. When the Nazis find Jews, Henrik\'s friend runs and hides in the woods, and gets help from Henrik\'s father, who springs Henrik, but Henrik\'s friend is killed while distracting the Germans. First they find hiding places for the Jews to survive the initial raids, and then work with the Swedish government and local fishermen to transport them to safety. Meanwhile, Henrik secures trucks and other transport to get people to the coast. They discover that one of the fishermen that was helping them transport Jews was a traitor and tried to turn them in to the German Police. Finally, the Kosters themselves have to flee when the Nazis discover their work. Doris Koster is captured by the Nazis, but the rest manage to escape to Sweden. Doris is soon released and the family is reunited after the war has ended.'] ['Julien, a young man with untreated schizophrenia, lives in a dysfunctional family with his sister who is possibly carrying his child, his athletic brother, and his domineering, German father. While his father dances in his room to Dock Boggs records while wearing a gas mask, his brother continually works-out in the hopes of becoming a wrestler, Julien is often walking the streets, or talking to himself as "King Julien".'] ['Jim  is a perennially gloomy 27 year-old aspiring novelist from Goshen, Indiana who moved to New York City in hopes of finding success with his writing. After two years of barely making a living as a dog walker, he defeatedly decides to move back home to his parents\' house in Goshen. Jim\'s 32 year-old brother Tim  is a recently divorced father of two young girls whose business recently failed. Tim has moved back into his parents\' home and he works in the ladder factory that\'s owned and operated by their pessimistic father Don  and overly cheerful mother Sally . Jim has no interest in the family business and he resists pressure from Don to start working there. Jim meets Anika , a nurse, in a bar and they end up having sex in a hospital bed, though Jim finishes embarrassingly early. After an argument between the two brothers on whose life has been more pathetic so far, Tim, having previously made repeated unsuccessful attempts to commit suicide, drives his car into a tree in hopes of ending his life; he is gravely injured and hospitalized. Jim now finally gives in to Don\'s pressure to work in the factory by taking over Tim\'s duties. He also takes over Tim\'s job as the coach of a girls basketball team; the team, which has not scored a single point in the last 14 games, includes both of Tim\'s daughters. While visiting Tim is in the hospital, Jim runs into Anika, who works in another department. They arrange a date, but on arriving to collect her, he discovers she is a single mother. Their relationship progresses, however. Anika is sympathetic to Jim\'s problems, and she decides to stand by him in encouragement even when he tries to convince her that it\'s in her best interest to not be around him. At the ladder factory, Jim encounters his uncle Stacy , who prefers to be called "Evil." Jim seeks advice from Evil about premature ejaculation, and they become friends of a sort. Evil offers Jim some recreational drugs and asks Jim to open a checking account for him so he can pay for things by mail. Evil gives Jim $4,000, saying it is saved-up birthday and Christmas presents. Jim\'s mother, Sally, is arrested by DEA officers for allegedly shipping illegal drugs through the store\'s Fedex account. It transpires that Evil is the drug dealer, but Jim cannot persuade him to confess. Evil points out that Jim will be implicated if he tries to report Evil, as he has opened an account with Evil\'s cash and will test positive for drug use. Eternal optimist that she is, Sally finds happiness in her new surroundings and makes friends with her fellow prisoners. Eventually she is released on bail. Despite working a job he hates and feeling responsible for his mother\'s imprisonment, Jim slowly allows his monumental depression to be dismantled by Anika and finds himself believing that life is worth living. Jim invites Anika and her son to move to New Orleans with him, but after Jim vacillates, she is offended and this seems to be off the cards. Jim finally decides to leave town for New Orleans by himself, leaving a note for his parents promising not to take their love for granted again and revealing Evil as the drug dealer. Anika shows up at the bus station to say good-bye, but seems to Jim miss the opportunity to reconcile with her. Jim departs on the bus, but as Anika drives home with her son, Jim is seen running after them, luggage in hand.'] ['Daniel LaRusso , a high school senior, moves with his mother  from Newark, New Jersey, to Reseda, a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California. Their apartment\'s handyman is an eccentric but kindly and humble Okinawan immigrant named Mr. Miyagi . Daniel befriends Ali Mills , an attractive high school cheerleader, at the same time angering her arrogant ex-boyfriend, Johnny Lawrence . Johnny is the best student at the Cobra Kai dojo, where he is taught an unethical, vicious form of martial arts. Daniel knows a little karate from books and a few classes at the YMCA, but Johnny easily defeats him in their first encounter. Thereafter, Johnny and his gang of Cobra Kai students torment Daniel at every opportunity. When Miyagi witnesses the gang giving Daniel a savage beating, he intervenes and single-handedly defeats all five boys with ease. Awed, Daniel asks Miyagi to be his teacher. Miyagi refuses, but agrees to go with Daniel to the Cobra Kai dojo in order to resolve the conflict. They confront the sensei, John Kreese , an ex-Special Forces Vietnam Veteran who sneers at the concepts of mercy and restraint. Kreese and Miyagi agree to a match between Johnny and Daniel in two months\' time at the "All Valley Karate Tournament," where the Cobra Kai students can fight Daniel on equal terms. Miyagi also requests that the bullying stop while Daniel trains. Kreese orders his students to leave Daniel alone, but under the condition that if Daniel does not show up for the tournament, the harassment will resume and Miyagi himself will also become a target. Miyagi becomes Daniel\'s teacher and, slowly, a surrogate father figure. He begins Daniel\'s training by having him perform laborious chores such as waxing cars, sanding a wooden floor, refinishing a fence, and painting Miyagi\'s house. Each chore is accompanied with a specific movement, such as clockwise/counter-clockwise hand motions. Daniel fails to see any connection to his training from these hard chores and eventually feels frustrated, believing he has learned nothing of karate. When he expresses his frustration, Miyagi reveals that Daniel has been learning defensive blocks through muscle memory learned by performing the chores. As Daniel\'s training continues more overtly, his bond with Miyagi becomes closer. He learns that Miyagi lost his wife and son in childbirth at Manzanar internment camp while he was serving overseas with the United States Army during World War II. The loss of his family and Daniel\'s loss of his father further strengthens the father-son surrogacy. Daniel also discovers that the outwardly peaceful and serene Miyagi was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for valor against German forces in Europe. Through the teaching, Daniel learns not only karate but also important life lessons such as the importance of balance, reflected by the belief that martial arts training is as much about training the spirit as the body. Daniel applies the life lessons that Miyagi has taught him to strengthen his relationship with Ali. At the tournament, Daniel surprises everyone by reaching the semi-finals. Johnny advances to the finals, scoring three unanswered points against a highly skilled opponent. Kreese instructs Bobby Brown, one of his more compassionate students and the least vicious of Daniel\'s tormentors, to disable Daniel with an illegal attack to the knee. Bobby reluctantly does so, severely injuring Daniel and getting disqualified in the process. As Daniel writhes in pain on the ground, Bobby profusely apologizes before he is pulled away. Daniel is taken to the locker room and checked out, with the physician determining that he cannot continue. Although Miyagi assures him he has already proven himself, Daniel believes that if he does not continue, his tormentors will have gotten the best of him. He persuades Miyagi to use a pain suppression technique to allow him to finish the tournament. As Johnny is about to be declared the winner by default, Daniel hobbles into the ring. The Championship match is a seesaw battle, as neither Johnny nor Daniel is able to break through either\'s defenses. At one point Daniel succeeds in a scissor leg technique tripping Johnny and delivers a blow to the back of the head, giving Johnny a nose bleed. The match is paused for Johnny to be looked at by Kreese. Kreese directs Johnny to sweep Daniel\'s injured leg, an unethical move. Johnny looks horrified at the order but reluctantly agrees after Kreese\'s intimidation. Despite the moves, Daniel gets up each time. At last, Daniel and Johnny are tied, with the next point deciding victory. Daniel, barely able to stand, assumes the "Crane" stance, a technique he observed Miyagi performing on the beach during his training. The referee signals to begin, and Johnny lunges in. Daniel jumps and delivers a front kick to Johnny\'s chin, winning the tournament. Johnny, having gained newfound respect for his adversary, takes Daniel\'s trophy from the Master of Ceremonies and presents it to Daniel himself, sincerely proclaiming "You\'re all right, LaRusso! Good match!" Miyagi looks on proudly as Daniel celebrates his victory.'] ['A mother  reunites with her son  after many years, who had left home as a result of a searing family tragedy.'] ["Every year, widower Christy Byrne  has traveled from Nova Scotia with his children to sell their homegrown Christmas trees in New York City. His son Danny ([[Michael Mitchell  is not into the family business, but instead has a true passion for photography. One year in New York City, Danny gets into an argument with Christy and runs away, leaving Christy and his daughter Bridget  to return home without him. The next year, the two return to New York City to sell the trees while Christy goes out every night looking for Danny. Catherine  lives in the same New York neighborhood and doesn't celebrate Christmas since her husband died. Every year Christy has tried to sell her a tree, but Catherine politely refuses. Neither of them realize that their lives are connected by Danny. While Christy is back in Nova Scotia with Bridget, Catherine pays Danny for photographs that he takes and puts them in the newspaper. When Christy comes back the following year, Catherine does not tell him that she knows where Danny is because Danny made her promise not to. Catherine does tell Christy afterwards when Danny injures himself by falling off the roof of a building and into a frozen pond. In the hospital, Christy tells Danny that he is allowing him to stay in New York City to become a photographer."] ['Young Robert "Bibi" Bonnard  grows up in Ottawa, Ontario with his parents, Jacques  and Susan , and his roving rogue of a grandfather, Grandpere . Across the street is his uncle, amiable drunkard Louis , who ignores the complaints of his hard-working dressmaker wife Felice  and her worries about the future of their daughter Yvonne. Louis agitates about meeting his prospective son-in-law, Alfred Grattin, a teetotaler bank clerk who wishes to marry Yvonne. Next-door neighbour and schoolmate Peggy O\'Hare  has a crush on Bibi, but he is as yet too young to understand. On his birthday, Bibi is taken to see the vaudeville acts at the theatre where his violinist/ conductor father works. During the magic act, the Great Gaspari tries to steal a kiss from Mignonette Chappuis , the assistant he is in the process of sawing in half. She storms offstage and quits. Jacques offers her a job as a maid, which she gladly accepts. Bibi is intrigued, but a little confused about his feelings for the new addition to the household. Equally fascinated, but not at all perplexed as to why is another unexpected arrival, Uncle Desmonde , a traveling salesman and notorious ladies\' man. He has been summoned back to take the place of the recently deceased sales manager, though he informs his employer it is only until a replacement can be found. Uncle Desmonde starts courting Mignonette, but though she is attracted to him, she tells him she is fed up with living on the road and wants to settle down. He shows her the picture of a lovely house he expects to inherit, weakening her resistance. Meanwhile, Peggy becomes jealous of Bibi\'s attentions to Mignonette. Bibi has already gotten into trouble for bringing "La Vie Parisienne" to school. When a dirty picture is found by the principal, Mr. Frye, Peggy falsely claims she saw Bibi draw it. Bibi denies it, angering Frye. He straps Bibi on the hand three times, and tells him it will be repeated every day until he confesses. When the adult Bonnards find out, they see Frye and straighten him out, though with great difficulty. When they return in triumph, Desmonde discovers that Mignonette has quit after finding out that he lied about the house, and because she is under the impression that he has been sneaking into her bedroom and stealing kisses when she is asleep. Bibi confesses that he is the guilty party. Desmonde then realizes that Mignonette is not like all of his other women. He finds her and they become engaged. The adults explain Peggy\'s behavior to Bibi. To Peggy\'s delight, Bibi forgives her and makes her his girl. Then his voice breaks.'] ['A man walks a length of railroad track, looking for his elderly mother whom he believes fell from the train at some point. He brings his daughter along.'] ['A tough, macho, truck driver decides to make his soft son more manly by taking him hunting. They vacation and go to a honky tonk bar where the younger man falls in love with a burned out waitress.'] ['In 1864, a American Civil War troop struggles to survive when young Union soldier Jim Rabb  discovers that his mare has given birth to a colt. A superior officer orders Jim to shoot the foal because it may become a burden, but Jim - seeing the colt as a sign of hope and a reminder of the beauty of life - refuses. The colt remains with the men as they battle. When Confederates overtake the camp and steal the colt, Jim must risk his life retrieving it.'] ["Emotionally devastated by the death of his uncle, Boston carpenter Jack O'Toole  writes a play inspired by the man's wake. When nobody will produce the play, Jack quits his job to produce it himself, imagining that this play will give a new start to the strained relationship Jack has with his father. But the only stage Jack can afford is in the back room of a neighborhood pub. In this humble environment, Jack pulls together a theater company of sorts and brings his story to the stage, and in the process he brings together his family and friends and helps them move beyond their loss."] ["Taylor plays Leonora, a prostitute despondent over the death of her daughter. Mia Farrow is Cenci, a lonely young woman who is immediately attracted to Leonora and practically adopts her as her mother. Albert , Cenci's stepfather, intrudes into this make-believe mother and daughter relationship, and tragedy ensues."] ['Matt Devereaux  is a ranch owner who has tried to raise his sons to carry on the fierce, hard-working Irish settlement spirit that helped make him a success. However, as a consequence, he never learned to show his three sons from his first marriage the affection they yearned for and treats his boys little better than the hired help. Joe  is Matt\'s son by the Native American Princess, Matt\'s wife "Señora" . The town\'s people call her Senora out of respect for Matt but not out of respect for her. Because of Joe\'s mixed ethnicity, he is treated prejudicially by his three half-brothers, Ben , Mike , and Denny  -- all Caucasian sons of Matt\'s first wife. Joe loves his father and would do nearly anything for him, but his siblings resent Matt\'s emotional distance. The two middle kids rustle cattle and get two Mexicans killed, then get caught and shot by Matt and two Indians . Soon after 40 head of cattle die, Matt discovers a copper mine 20 miles away is polluting a stream where he waters his cattle. He becomes furious and leads a raid on the mine. The mine is on Matt\'s land, but he does not have the mineral rights. The law issues a warrant to arrest whoever was responsible for the attack. To spare his father the agony and humiliation of a stay behind bars, Joe claims responsibility and spends several years in prison. When he\'s released, he discovers that Ben and his other brothers rebelled against their father with such extremity that the old man suffered a fatal stroke. While Señora tries to persuade Joe not to seek revenge, Ben is more than willing to fight his brother for taking his father\'s side.'] ['In fictional ancient Korea, Yi-gwak is a demon hunter who lost his lover, Yon-hwa, and colleagues of demon hunters in the past. He enters the Midheaven, a transitory place for spirits, only to find the spirit of Yon-hwa who has forgotten about him. His deceased former mentor, Ban-chu, masterminds a demonic rebellion in Midheaven, wishing to invade the living world.'] ['This film is set in the period between 1900 and the First World War in 1914. Young Marcel was born in the country but raised in Marseilles. His father, Joseph, is a hard-working strongly atheist public school teacher in Marseilles. Marcel\'s Aunt Rose marries the round, jovial, and very theistic and Roman Catholic Uncle Jules. Joseph and Uncle Jules come into conflict over religion. Over summer break, Joseph and Jules decide to take their respective families to a house in the country. Here, Jules decides to educate Joseph on hunting. Marcel wants to come hunting with them, but the two adults lie to him and leave the house while he is still just waking up. He follows them stealthily. Jules is making a fool out of Joseph with his hunting prowess which angers Marcel. He gets lost in the wilderness when Marcel meets a boy called Lili who tells him where the hunting party is. Joseph takes potshots at two rock partridges which fall to ground beside Marcel. He watches as Jules reprimands Joseph for shooting at and missing the birds. At this point, Marcel reveals himself and the partridges. Later, Lili, who knows everything about the countryside, becomes Marcel\'s friend and teaches him about the ways of the countryside. They regularly go exploring in the countryside of Provence, in southern France. As the holiday comes to an end, Marcel plans with Lili to hide himself in a cave, and live there as a hermit, in order to continue living in Provence, which he has grown very fond of. On the day of their departure, Marcel gets up early in the morning. He has written a letter for this purpose earlier, explaining his disappearance to his parents, and excusing his behaviour. He warns them that they will not be able to find him in his "new home," and should not bother searching. He then walks to the cave with Lili, who was waiting for him near his house. As they arrive, Marcel begins to become afraid of living alone. He invents all kinds of excuses to avoid living in the cave. He then runs home quickly to prevent his parents reading the letter, which he had placed on his pillow. As he returns home, everyone is already busy loading up a carriage for the journey home. He runs up to his room, and discovers that the letter is still on his pillow, and he assumes that no one has read it. As he gets ready to leave the house for a last time, his parents make a remark which indicates that they in fact did read the letter. The film ends with Marcel and his family departing in a coach, and Lili looking on.'] ['National Velvet is the story of a twelve-year old girl, Velvet Brown , living in Sewels, in Sussex, England, who wins a spirited gelding in a raffle and trains it for the Grand National steeplechase, aided by her father\'s  hired hand, a young drifter, Mi Taylor , who claims to have found Mrs. Brown\'s name and address among his deceased father\'s effects. Mi loathes horses, because while a jockey in Manchester, he caused a collision which resulted in the death of another jockey. The horse is called "The Pie", short for Pirate, the epithet given him by the previous owner due to his misbehavior. Velvet wins The Pie in a raffle and convinces Mi to train them both for the Grand National. The night before the race, Velvet senses that the Latvian jockey hired to ride The Pie doesn\'t believe he can win. Rather than give up the race, Mi imagines he will overcome his fears and ride in the Latvian\'s place. Velvet has other ideas, and in the end masquerades as the jockey herself and rides the horse to victory. Exhausted by the exertion of the five-mile race, Velvet collapses from the horse shortly after the finish, and is disqualified for not staying in the saddle until reaching the enclosure. A doctor discovers the fallen jockey is, in fact, "an adolescent female", and Velvet becomes a media sensation. Velvet declines offers of 5,000 pounds to travel to Hollywood with The Pie to be filmed, as "he wouldn\'t like being looked at." In the final scene of the film, Velvet rides off to reveal to a departing Mi that his father was Mrs. Brown\'s coach in her contest-winning swim across the English Channel as a young woman. The film differs from the book in countless respects, from the colour of the horse and its name  to the appearance of Velvet and her mother, both of whom have been glamourised into very different people. Velvet, in the book, is plain, pale and sickly; her mother weighs 16 stone. The Brown family has also been made to seem more educated and richer in the film version: Mr. Brown is a prosperous butcher while Mrs. Brown, who keeps the books, has won 100 pounds for swimming the English Channel.'] ["Rebecca Winstead, a musically talented orphan, is under the guardianship of her stepfather Harry Kipper. She auditions for the radio role of Little Miss America and wins it, but leaves the studio believing she lost it. Kipper regards her as a loser and a burden, and dumps her on the farm of her Aunt Miranda. Tony Kent, the radio advertising executive who approved Rebecca for the role of Little Miss America, lives next door to Miranda. He recognizes Rebecca, and asks Miranda's permission to feature Rebecca on his radio show. When Aunt Miranda refuses to allow Rebecca to associate with show people, Kent broadcasts secretly from his house with Rebecca joining him on the sly. Kipper hears Rebecca's broadcast and returns to the farm looking for easy money. As Rebecca's legal guardian, he forces Aunt Miranda to surrender the child. He takes her away from her friends and loved ones to New York City. There, he signs a contract with Kent's competitor Purvis to star Rebecca on another radio show. When Rebecca suddenly develops laryngitis and cannot sing, Purvis angrily voids the contract. Kipper sells his legal guardianship to Aunt Miranda for $5,000. Rebecca reveals to her friends she feigned hoarseness to free herself from Kipper. The film ends with Rebecca and Aunt Miranda's farm hand Aloysius costumed as toy soldiers performing a dance on a flight on stairs. Subplots include a romance between Kent and Rebecca's cousin Gwen, another between radio singers Orville and Lola, and the rekindling of an old romance between Aunt Miranda and neighbor Homer Busby."] ["Teenagers Sherlock Holmes ([[Nicholas Rowe  and John Watson ([[Alan Cox  meet and become good friends as students at London's prestigious Brompton Academy. Watson is introduced to Holmes’ mentor, Rupert T. Waxflatter ([[Nigel Stock , a retired schoolmaster and inventor. Waxflatter's niece Elizabeth  is also Holmes’ close friend and love interest and Holmes competes for her affections with fellow student Dudley , though she shows a marked preference for Holmes. Meanwhile, a hooded figure uses a blowpipe to shoot Bentley Bobster and Reverend Duncan Nesbitt with hallucinogenic thorns, the effects of which lead to their deaths; Bobster leaps out a window; Nesbitt is trampled by a horse carriage. Holmes suspects foul play but is rebuffed by Scotland Yard policeman Lestrade  when he suggests a connection between the deaths. Holmes is unjustly expelled from the Academy due to Dudley’s machinations. Before he leaves, Holmes has one last match with his fencing instructor Professor Rathe ([[Anthony Higgins  but loses after becoming distracted by a light reflected from Rathe’s ring. The mysterious hooded figure strikes again, shooting Waxflatter with a hallucinogenic thorn, causing him to stab himself as he fends off imagined gargoyles. As he dies, Waxflatter's last words to Holmes are “Eh-tar.” Holmes secretly meets with Watson and Elizabeth and begins his investigation of the murders. Piecing together the clues – a jingling-bell sound made by the killer, a piece of cloth, and the blowpipe dropped at Waxflatter's murder scene – the trio uncover the existence of Rame Tep, an ancient Egyptian cult of Osiris worshippers. The cult’s main weapons were blowpipes, used to shoot thorns dipped into a solution which cause the victim to experience realistic, nightmare-like hallucinations. Their investigation then leads to a warehouse of Froggit and Froggit, a Wapping-area manufacturer, where they discover a modern-day revival of the Rame Tep cult conducting their service inside a wooden-pyramid-reconstruction hidden in the warehouse. When Holmes interrupts the ceremonial sacrifice of a young girl, the three are attacked and shot with thorns by the worshippers. It is only through Holmes’ endurance and the intervention of a graveyard caretaker that they're able to survive the hallucinations and their pursuers. The following evening, at Waxflatter’s loft, Holmes and Watson discover a picture of the three victims and a fourth man, Chester Cragwitch . Unfortunately, Rathe and school nurse Mrs. Dribb  catch and separate them, preparing to expel Watson and Elizabeth in the morning. The three escape their sleeping quarters and Elizabeth returns to the loft to salvage her uncle’s work. Holmes and Watson locate Mr. Cragwitch who explains that in his youth, he and the other men discovered an underground pyramid of Rame Tep while planning to build a hotel in Egypt. Their find led to an angry uprising by the local populace which was violently put down by the British Army; one boy, Eh-Tar, who along with his sister lost their parents in the uprising, swore revenge. Craigwitch is then poisoned by the hooded figure's thorn and suddenly attacks Holmes but is subdued by Mr. Lestrade, who came after reconsidering the evidence presented by Holmes. As they return to campus, Holmes realizes that Rathe is Eh-Tar, but he and Watson arrive too late to stop Rathe and Mrs. Dribb, who is revealed as Eh-Tar's sister and the hooded figure, from abducting Elizabeth. Using Waxflatter’s self-propelled, heavier-than-air flying machine, they travel to the warehouse just in time to prevent Rathe from sacrificing Elizabeth, setting the cult's pyramid temple afire. As Rathe escapes with Elizabeth, Mrs Dribb is killed in a fight with Holmes. Watson successfully thwarts Rathe’s escape by sabotaging his carriage. Rathe then tries to shoot Holmes, but Elizabeth intervenes and takes the shot instead. Enraged, Holmes duels Rathe and manages to get the better of him when Rathe falls through the frozen River Thames. Holmes returns to Elizabeth’s side and caresses her as she dies. Afterwards, as he exchanges goodbyes with Watson, Holmes explains how he figured out the identity of Rathe and Dribb, with Watson pointing out that Rathe is Eh-Tar spelled backwards – a clue that Holmes had failed to notice. As Holmes leaves by horse carriage, Watson expresses per voice-over  that he would long for yet more adventures at Holmes' side. Some time later, Rathe is revealed to be alive; he checks himself into an inn as “Moriarty”, making him Holmes' arch-nemesis."] ['Sick of the betrayals the United States government has perpetrated on the Native Americans, Colonel William Ludlow  retires to a remote part of Montana with One Stab, a Cree friend, where they build a ranch. Accompanying them are hired hand Decker; Decker\'s Cree wife, Pet; and their daughter, Isabel Two. Ludlow\'s wife, Isabel, does not adapt to the harsh winters and moves to the East Coast. Ludlow has three sons: Alfred, the eldest, is responsible and cautious; Tristan is wild and well-versed in American Indian traditions; Samuel, the youngest, is educated but naive and constantly watched over by his brothers. At age 12, Tristan touches a sleeping grizzly bear. The bear awakens and slashes at Tristan, injuring him, but he stabs at the bear\'s paw and cuts off a claw. As the boys grow up, Samuel returns from Harvard with his fiancée, Susannah Fincannon. She finds Tristan captivating, but loves Samuel. Before they can marry, Samuel tells his family that he is leaving for Calgary to join the Canadian Expeditionary Force, and aid Britain in the fight against Germany. Much to their father\'s displeasure, Alfred and Tristan also depart. During World War I, the brothers find themselves in the 10th Battalion, CEF. Alfred, commissioned as an officer, leads a charge into no man\'s land. Tristan abandons his unit to be at Samuel\'s side. The attack is repulsed with heavy casualties, and Alfred is wounded. While visiting Alfred in the field hospital, Tristan learns that Samuel has volunteered for a dangerous reconnaissance mission. He rushes off to protect his brother but arrives too late to save him from being killed. Devastated, Tristan holds Samuel until he dies, then cuts out Samuel\'s heart, which he sends home to be buried on his father\'s ranch. Seething with hatred, Tristan single-handedly raids behind German lines, killing two gunners. To the horror of his fellow soldiers, he returns to camp with the scalps of German soldiers hanging around his neck. He is discharged from army service but does not go home. Alfred returns to Montana and proposes marriage to Susannah, but she declines. Tristan returns home, where Susannah finds him weeping over Samuel\'s grave. Susannah tries to comfort him, and they become lovers. A jealous Alfred confronts Tristan and later leaves to make his name in Helena. Tristan\'s relationship with Susannah is doomed by his guilt and pain for failing to protect Samuel, as well as feeling responsible for driving Alfred away. These demons force him to go travelling for several years. At the ranch, Susannah waits for him but eventually receives a letter: "All we had is dead. As I am dead. Marry another." Alfred finds her weeping on the porch and tries to comfort her. Colonel Ludlow finds them together, leading to an argument and falling out between the Colonel and Alfred. Colonel Ludlow later suffers a stroke. He does not speak for years and the ranch deteriorates. In time Susannah agrees to marry Alfred, now a congressman. Alfred\'s business and politics cause him to get involved with the O\'Banion brothers, bootleggers and gangsters. Tristan returns during Prohibition, bringing life back to the ranch and his father. He accepts Susannah\'s marriage to his brother and later falls in love with and marries Isabel Two. They have two children, the elder being a boy named Samuel in honor of his late brother. Life seems to become normal again for Tristan as he finds true happiness in his young family. Tristan becomes involved in small-scale smuggling of bootleg liquor, finding himself at odds with the O\'Banion brothers. Tristan\'s wife is accidentally killed by a police officer working for the O\'Banions, and in a fit of agonized grief Tristan beats the officer nearly to death and has to serve thirty days in jail. Susannah visits, but Tristan refuses her advances and insists she "go home to Alfred". After his release, Tristan and Decker kill those responsible for Isabel Two\'s death, including one of the O\'Banion brothers. Susannah commits suicide after realizing she cannot live without Tristan. When the remaining O\'Banion brother comes for Tristan, he and the corrupt sheriff are killed by Colonel Ludlow and Alfred as Tristan attempts to protect his father. Alfred reconciles with his father and brother. Tristan, knowing he will be blamed for the men\'s disappearance, leaves for the mountain country after asking Alfred to take care of his children. Over time, everyone in Tristan\'s life dies before him. As an old man, Tristan enters a clearing to investigate an animal carcass and is set upon by a grizzly bear. He draws his knife and fights it. As they struggle, the image freeze-frames as One Stab narrates: "It was a good death".'] ["Vincent LaMarca  is a veteran street cop and the son of an executed killer. While his father did not intend to kill the child he kidnapped, the son reaps the reputation anyway and decides to be so good that he is beyond reproach. Meanwhile, his own son Joey LaMarca , a drug user with fading memories of athletic high school glory, gets wrapped up in a drug-related killing and, with no other choice, asks his estranged father for help. Joey suddenly comes to the attention of Vincent's current girlfriend Michelle , who asks Vincent why he is not going to help his son. Vincent has tried so hard to distance himself from his past that he cannot accept any intrusion into his contentment. Then Joey's girlfriend Gina , who struggles to stay sober for her and Joey's infant son Angelo, comes into Vincent's life, asking him to save Joey. She later escapes, leaving the child with Vincent. Joey gets deeper into trouble when the local drug enforcer Spyder ([[William Forsythe  kills Vincent's cop partner Reg  who was helping Vincent clear Joey's name, and the murder is pinned on Joey. In the end, Vincent sets aside his self-imposed isolation and helps save his son."] ["The plot centres on a trio of adopted children  and the spinster sisters  who raised them. Despite the family's veneer of happiness, closer inspection reveals a clan that's cloaked in secrets."] ['{{Expand section}} The film follows a divorced couple living in modern-day China who discover that their daughter is dying of leukemia. Doctors inform them, however, that the child can only be saved with stem cells from an umbilical cord of a sibling. Unfortunately both parents have since remarried. The film follows the emotional strain that this development brings to both marriages.'] ["Graham Merrill  passes a pet shop on his daily walks about London and takes an interest in an otter  in the window, eventually buying and naming the animal Mij. The otter wreaks havoc in his small apartment and together they leave London for a rustic cottage overlooking the sea on the west coast of Scotland. There they live as beachcombers and make the acquaintance of Dr. Mary  from the nearby village, and her dog Johnnie. Mij and Johnnie play in the water and bound across the fields together. Mij's inquisitive and adventurous nature leads him some distance from the cottage to a female otter with whom he spends the day. Ignorant of danger, he is caught in a net and nearly killed. The humans find him and help him recover. Graham spends lots of time drawing Mij but realises that to show the true agility of the otter he must draw it underwater. He builds a large tank out of old windows so that he can do this. Not long after, Merrill goes to London to look after some affairs and leaves Mary in charge of Mij. While being exercised afield, Mij is killed by a ditchdigger, who didn't realize he was a pet. Merrill returns and is crushed to discover the death of his beloved otter. Some time later, Merrill and Dr. Mary are surprised by a trio of otter youngsters, accompanied by their mother otter, approaching the cottage. He happily realizes they are Mij's female mate, and their children who have come to play in their father's swimming pool."] ["The Young Girl and the Monsoon centers around a fraught relationship between father and daughter. Hank a 39-year-old photo-journalist  has agreed to look after his 13-year-old daughter Constance  for several weeks, while his ex-wife goes on a holiday with her new husband. Hank has compartmentalized his life in such a way that his daughter doesn't know anything about his 26-year-old girlfriend, Erin . Suddenly Erin wants to marry Hank and have his children, but he can't cope and drops her. Just as Hank has a chance of winning a prestigious journalistic award, he finds his private life a little too much to handle. His daughter cannot understand how he can take war photographs and not do anything about what he photographs. She is going through the emotional swings of a growing adolescent and the scenes between father and daughter, Kinney and Muth, are seen as the most impressive aspect of the film.New York Times review and FilmCritic.com review."] ["Bill Dancer  and his young companion Curly Sue  are the archetypal homeless folks with hearts of gold. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat. After moving from Detroit to Chicago, the duo tricks the rich and beautiful divorce lawyer Grey Ellison  into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, in hopes of a free meal. When Grey accidentally collides with Bill for real, she insists on putting the two up for the night, even over the objections of her snotty fiance Walker . After a confrontation with Bill exposing the truth of the con, Grey lets them stay for as long as they need to when she understands the precarious position the homeless pair are in. One night, Bill tells Grey that he's not Sue's father, he met Sue's mother one night in Florida. After Sue's mother died, Bill raised her himself, growing to love her like his own, thus when they lost their home and money, Bill couldn't find it in his heart to give Sue up and put her into an orphanage, so he took Sue with him. Grey, thinking Bill has been neglecting and abusing Sue by using her in his cons and scams, suggests Sue stay with her when he leaves, but this only angers Bill, who says that after all the years he's looked after her, if he gave up Sue now, people would make fun of her wellbeing. He tells her that he is not neglecting or abusing Sue; he cares about Sue and his cons are to provide for Sue. As they get to know each other, Bill becomes convinced that this is where Curly Sue belongs - in a home, cared for by someone that can give her the advantages that his homeless, nomadic existence lacks. He strives to give her the life she deserves, altering his own life to meet those standards."] ['Baadal is family drama, featuring Shammi Kapoor, Mithun Chakraborty, Poonam Dhillon, Arun Govil, Bob Christo and Shakti Kapoor.'] ['After a high-speed freeway police chase, , puts Mabel "Madea" Simmons  in front of Judge Mablean, her trial is short-lived because the police officers did not mirandize Madea causing the judge to place Madea in an anger management course. After the trial, Brian  drives Madea, Mr. Brown ([[David Mann , and Madea\'s daughter Cora  back home from the court. After returning home, Madea finds a party taking place in her house by her brother, Joe . Madea uses a machine gun to scare the party goers away. Meanwhile, assistant district attorney Joshua Hardaway  is on the fast track to career success. But, Hardaway lands a case too personal to handle: prosecuting a young prostitute and drug addict, Candace Washington , with whom he is already acquainted. Hardaway asks his fiancée and fellow ADA Linda Davis  to fill in on his behalf. But when Josh takes Candy out to eat and gives her his card in case she needed any help, Linda fears Josh may be cheating on her. Linda does not want Josh spending time with Candy, threatening to leave Josh and telling him he shouldn\'t be helping people like Candace. Linda believes Josh should only socialize with a higher class of people. In the car, Cora, who is driving, told Madea about her anger management resolutions. During the middle of the conversation, a Cadillac CTS cuts ahead of them. After both of vehicles cross the intersection, Madea smashes her daughter\'s Chevrolet Uplander into the car ahead, causing it to deviate sharply to the right into a church site. At Dr. Phil\'s office, Madea consults with him for anger management course, but the consultation came to a bad ending when Madea answered a question with a same question he asked. Back in Madea\'s house, Madea called Cora to talk about sitting in the beauty salon for over 5 hours. While on the phone, Cora asks for some time with herself, causing Madea to get angrier than before. After Madea hangs up the phone, Joe warns her that she will get into trouble if she goes to the store, but Madea ignores him and goes anyway. At the Kmart store, Madea uses the forklift truck to remove a Pontiac Solstice out of a parking space, then she ecaped from the scene, which leads to her arrest by the SWAT team. Madea goes to the court again, where Judge Mathis sentences her to prison for 5 to 10 years for such dangerous behaviors. Outside the court house, Ellen  asks Joshua how he knows Candace. He tells Ellen that they were close friends from childhood through college, until one night when he took her to a party. He ended up leaving Candace behind at the party, where a group of his friends gang raped her, for which Joshua continues to harbor deep-seated guilt. Joshua asks Ellen to help Candace, Ellen gets her a job interview, but it results in sexual harassment by the interviewer, whom Candace kicks in the groin before ending it. At the district attorney\'s office, Joshua\'s friend, Chuck , another lawyer, runs into Linda, whom he discovers is falsifying Candace\'s file to deliberately get her sent to prison, a practice in which she has been engaged with other defendants as well, including Madea and Candace\'s friend Donna. Linda tells him to keep his mouth shut or she\'ll tell the head ADA that Chuck cheated on his bar exam to get his job. Candace runs away from Josh\'s apartment and is back on the streets working as a prostitute until she gets picked up by an undercover cop. When Candace ends up in prison, she discovers Donna  and Madea are there as well. While in prison, Madea befriends Candace, protecting her in a "motherly" way, and fights with Big Sal  who always flirting with and sexually harassing Candace. Candace, Madea, T.T., and Donna all attend a class taught by Ellen at the prison, mostly to get time off of their sentences. On Joshua\'s wedding day, Chuck, who is Joshua\'s best man at the wedding, tells Joshua that Linda had falsified Candace\'s file to get her sent to prison and away from Joshua. During the wedding ceremony, Joshua tells the entire congregation with their boss in attendance what Linda did. Josh leaves Linda at the altar while still in his wedding tuxedo. He then rushes to the prison where he kisses Candace and admits that he loves her. Because of the now-revealed news of Linda\'s tampering with client files, there is a public outcry and a protest movement gains momentum to set Madea, Candace, and the others free. Candace, Madea, and some other women that Linda prosecuted have their convictions overturned and are released, and it is revealed that Linda will go to prison for her crimes. Madea goes home with Mr. Brown, Cora, and Brian along with Candace going home with Joshua.'] ["Frank Diaz , an unemployed boxer, and his family have been living in a homeless shelter for months when, finally, on Christmas Eve, comes word that an apartment may be available. However seeing that he doesn't hold a job on paper the social worker tells him it's not possible for him to get the apartment. Frank at his ends tells a story about his time in the army during the first Gulf War. This story causes the social worker to give Frank a chance to get the apartment. The catch is that Frank must have a job before the end of the day. So Frank hits the cold streets of New York, his resentful stepson  in tow, to somehow find a job so that his family can have a real home for Christmas morning. They search all over town in hopes of a job. In their search they grow closer together while also learning secrets about each other. On his first stop in search for a job he goes to a construction contractor he's worked for 'off the books' but is denied a booked job. Throughout the movie you see the old man  looking for Frank Diaz to give him a letter. Frank's efforts to find a job by six o'clock prove impossible. At one point he does get a job painting a school, but is fired due to a criminal past. Further efforts prove futile and Frank, after being forced to shoplift to get new clothes, accidentally leaves the money he needs for the apartment behind and can't go back to get it or risk being arrested. Ultimately he runs out of time and takes his family out for dinner instead. His wife tries to get him to leave so she can sneak out without paying like she usually does, but he doesn't let her do it. At their homeless shelter, Frank spots the man who stole in his jacket earlier in the film and in a fit of anger and frustration, beats the man up and retrieves his jacket. While no charges are filed, Frank's actions get the family kicked out of the shelter and desperate, his wife calls her abusive ex for a place to stay, but the son, Justin, refuses to go with him, choosing to stay with Frank. This causes his wife to change her mind as well. After checking another shelter and finding it full, the family heads for Brooklyn on a subway train to try a shelter there and play a game that they played before they became homeless. Music plays out as the fate of Frank and his family remain unknown to us. Yet his loss of the apartment stills gives a glib outcome for a family hit hard of poverty.http://www.fandango.com/wheregodlefthisshoes_120158/movieoverview/"] [' 12-year-old Dre Parker and his mother Sherry move to Beijing from Detroit after she gets a job transfer. Dre develops a crush on a young violinist, Mei Ying, who reciprocates his attention, but Cheng, a rebellious kung fu prodigy whose family is close to Mei Ying\'s, attempts to keep them apart by beating Dre, and later bullies him at school. After a field trip to the Forbidden City, Dre encounters Cheng and his friends hanging out close to his apartment. Dre tries to pass by without them seeing him. When he finds a bucket of water catching overflow from a steam vent, Dre gets revenge by splashing dirty water over Cheng. Cheng and the others catch Dre and beat him. During the attack, the enigmatic maintenance man of Dre\'s building, Mr. Han, comes to Dre\'s aid, revealing himself as a kung fu master who dispatches Dre\'s tormentors. After Han mends Dre\'s injuries using fire cupping, Dre asks if Mr. Han could teach him kung fu. Han refuses, but meets Cheng\'s teacher, Master Li, to make peace. Li, who teaches his students to show no mercy to their enemies, challenges Dre to a fight with Cheng. When Han declines, Li says they will not be allowed to leave his school unless Dre or Han fights. Han acquiesces, but insists the fight take place at an upcoming tournament, and that Li\'s students leave Dre alone until the tournament. Li agrees, but tells Han that if Dre does not show up during the tournament he will personally bring pain to Han and Dre. Dre is shocked when Han tells him that he will fight in a kung fu tournament. Han promises to teach Dre "real" kung fu. Han begins training Dre, but Dre is frustrated that Han merely has him spend hours taking off his jacket, hanging it up, dropping it and putting it on again. After days of this, Dre refuses to continue until Han demonstrates that the repetitive arm movements were Han\'s method of teaching Dre martial arts techniques, which Dre displays instinctively when prompted by Han\'s mock attacks. Han emphasizes that the movements Dre is learning apply to life in general, and that serenity and maturity, not punches and power, are the true keys to mastering the martial arts. As Dre\'s friendship with Mei Ying continues, Dre persuades Mei Ying to cut school for a day of fun, but when she is nearly late for her violin audition which was preceded in a day without their knowledge, her parents deem him a bad influence and forbid her from spending more time with him. When Dre finds Han drunk, despondent and breaking the car he had in his living room, Dre learns that it is the anniversary of Han\'s wife and son\'s deaths, which occurred when he lost control of the car due to anger caused from an argument he was having with his wife. Dre reminds Han that one of his lessons was in perseverance, and that Han needs to heal from his loss. Han assists Dre in reading a note of apology to Mei Ying\'s father in Chinese; he accepts and promises that he and Mei Ying will attend the tournament to support Dre. At the tournament, the under-confident Dre is slow to achieve parity with his opponents, but soon begins beating them and advances to the semifinals, as does Cheng, who violently finishes off his opponents. Dre comes up against Liang, another of Li\'s students, who is instructed by Li to injure Dre\'s leg. When Liang insists that he can beat Dre, Li sternly tells him that he does not want him beaten, but broken. Although Liang is disqualified for his illegal strikes and insubordination, Dre is badly injured. Despite Han\'s insistence that he has earned respect for his performance, Dre convinces Han to mend his leg by using fire cupping in order to continue. Dre returns to the arena, facing Cheng. Dre delivers impressive blows, but Cheng counters with a strike to Dre\'s injured leg. Dre struggles to get up, and attempts the reflection technique to manipulate Cheng into changing his attack stance. Cheng charges Dre, but Dre flips and catches Cheng with a kick to his head, winning the tournament along with the respect of Cheng and his classmates. Cheng awards Dre the trophy, instead of the presenter and the Fighting Dragon students bow to Mr.Han.'] ["Pietro Paladini and his brother Carlo, a fashion designer, rescue two women from drowning. At the same time Pietro's wife dies unexpectedly at home. After the funeral, Pietro falls into a state of Quiet Chaos, which is marked by spending a lot of time with his daughter Claudia. The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park, which is opposite the school of his daughter. All the while, the widower stays very calm on the outside and is a focal point for his wife's sister Marta , his brother and co-workers who are affected by the merger of his group. It is the rebirth of a man who was once a tough manager."] ['The movie begins in Manhattan, three years after the first movie, where the Cheetah Girls have just completed their junior year and are performing at a Graduation Party for the Manhattan Magnet\'s Class of 2006 . Later while having a sleep-over/Chinese food night at Galleria\'s , Chanel  tells the girls that her mother, Juanita , is planning a trip to Barcelona, Spain, where they will be visiting Luc , Juanita\'s boyfriend. Chanel is bummed and does not want to see Luc while the other girls are upset about being separated for the summer when Aquanette  sees a shooting star and the girls make a wish together - to go to Spain with Chanel. At that very moment, one of the girl\'s magazines flips pages until it comes across an ad for a Barcelona music festival. Galleria enters the Cheetah Girls and the next day, her mother Dorethea , Juanita, and the Cheetah Girls all travel to Spain. When the girls arrive in Barcelona, they do some shopping before resting in a Cafe. Soon they hear a guitar playing and meet Angel , a mysterious guitar player who accompanies them around Barcelona as they sing to the entire city, and he becomes Galleria\'s love interest . The next day the girls audition for the festival and earn a spot ("Cheetah Sisters . The next day at breakfast, they meet Joaquin , an accountant, Luc\'s godson, and a handsome dancer who becomes a love interest for Dorinda . The next day after Dorinda finds out Joaquin is a dancer, she goes to his studio, where he teaches her tango . That night Joaquin takes the Cheetahs to the Dancing Cat, a local Spanish night club where all the new artists perform their songs . There they meet and befriended Marisol ([[Belinda , a Spanish pop star ,beloved by the entire Barcelona, and who will also compete in the Music Festival, and her manager/mother, Lola , who appears nice and wins the Cheetah Girls\' affection, but secretly plans a scheme to break up the Cheetah Girls, as they pose a threat to her daughter\'s chances in the competition, and she starts making Marisol distract Chanel from The Cheetah Girls. Meanwhile, Aqua and Dorothea have been designing clothes with Dorothea\'s old friends, Juanita is trying to get a proposal out of Luc, Dorinda is teaching hip hop to Joaquin\'s class, and Galleria is the only one focused on the competition, as she is writing a song called, "Amigas Cheetahs", which they will sing at the competition . Galleria notices that everyone is getting involved in other activities except for her , and eventually decided to take a train to Paris, where she can meet up with her father, Francobollo, and he will take her back home to Manhattan. While at a train station, the other three girls find Galleria and sing the starting sequence of "Amigas Cheetahs", and Galleria says she will only come back if they stay focused. While Chanel walked around the house, she overhears Juanita talking to Dorothea about how she believes that Luc doesn\'t want to marry her because Chanel doesn\'t like him. Luc later proposes to Juanita, after Chanel gives him permission, and she gladly accepts. Luc tells Chanel that she can stay in New York with her friends for her upcoming senior year. However, the Cheetah Girls\' dreams are in serious trouble. While they were performing Step Up, Lola convinces the Dancing Cat\'s manager to pay the Cheetah Girls money. The competition will only allow amateur performs to compete. Accepting payment from the Dancing Cat makes the Cheetah Girls professional performers. Angel, who was present during the entire exchange, investigates. Right before Chanel is going to get changed to perform with Marisol, the Festival Director informs that the Cheetah Girls are able to perform after getting a tip. Everyone is surprised when they see that the informer was his nephew, Angel. He informed that Lola tried to sabotage the Cheetahs, and his uncle reinstates the girls as the Cheetah Girls. Lola tries to dispute, but the Director will not hear it. Marisol finally tells off her mother, saying she is quitting the competition because she loves to sing and her mother is just desperate to make her a star. The Cheetah Girls then perform "Amigas Cheetahs", and as a surprise, bring Marisol onto the stage  , along with Joaquin\'s dancing crew, Angel on the guitar and the Director on the trumpet. Their song is a hit with the crowd. An alternate ending concludes after this, where Juanita and Luc are having their wedding, and with everybody enjoying themselves .'] ['In World War II Austria, Col. Alois Podhajsky sets out to protect his beloved Lipizzaner stallions - purebred snow-white horses with centuries of tradition - from "liberation" by the Soviet Army, and make sure that they are surrendered into safekeeping. It is known that U.S. General Patton is something of a horse fancier and might help, if he sees the stallions perform.Kathy Li http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057312/plotsummary The ending is happy; see Lipizzaner main article for the historical details.'] ['The story is about a Norwegian immigrant farmer in Wisconsin, Martinius Jacobson , his wife Bruna  and their seven-year-old daughter Selma , who is often bedeviled by her playmate and five-year-old cousin, Arnold . Martinius simply wants to work his land and be a loving farmer to his family. The one great ambition in the life of Martinius is to build a new barn, but tragedy strikes. How the family copes with that is the core and the charm of the film Selma lives a carefree, joyous life, which is only temporarily clouded by the sudden death of Ingeborg Jensen , an emotionally disturbed young woman whose stern father  had refused to let her attend school despite the pleas of newly arrived schoolmarm Viola Johnson . Inspired by young Selma, the entire town of Fuller Junction come to the aid of proud Bjorn Bjornson , who has lost his livestock when lightning struck and burned down his newly erected—but uninsured—barn. When Selma generously donates her pet calf to the impoverished farmer, the townspeople in general, and Martinius in particular, follow suit, prompting Viola to reconsider her harsh views of country life and retract her letter of resignation to the school board.Our Vines Have Tender Grapes at Allmovie'] ['{{Plot}} crop. The sweltering heat and the drone of the insects build to a fever pitch as the cotton bolls tear at fingers, arms, backs, and bodies. Moze turns to muttering. He discusses the lack of progress with Will, and Edna overhears their conversation. Edna orders him to hire extra pickers, but can pay them only if they win the prize for the first bale. Will takes over the kitchen duties as all hands pick cotton. His hears 11 trucks of cotton pickers arriving from further south. He reports this to Moze, who calculates that they have 3 days left to pick the cotton. In Edna’s exhaustion her mind escapes back to good times dancing with her husband and she wakes up in bed early in the morning still dressed. Edna is still in her dream as she moves through the kitchen, as the music and the dance come to an end and she is back in reality. She reorients to the day and then goes back to the field in the sweltering heat and the blistering cotton. They work into the darkness of night, under lanterns. Wayne shows up to help but this is not yet enough to convince Margaret that their relationship is worth redeeming. As the morning arrives Moze gathers Edna from her daze. On the way to the cotton gin Moze instructs her on how to make the negotiations. The dealer arrives to see if he and Edna can do some “bidness.” Edna drives a hard bargain and gets her price. She does well enough that Moze has dreams of a tractor and much more. All are back at the dance hall again. Frank moves a step up toward manhood as he asks his mother for a dance and leads her stiffly but confidently. Wayne manages to convince Margaret to dance with him once again. The community responds by complimenting the two of them together. Margaret still has flashbacks of Wayne and Viola back together. All is not right at the house while Edna is away. Moze goes outside to investigate a noise and is accosted by white-hooded Klan members. Will hears the disturbance and finds the Sheriff’s revolver. He comes out shooting into the air to end the beating. The hooded figures are surprised by his ability. Will identifies all the hooded figures by their voices and they depart. Moze apologizes but packs up and moves on, leaving his best wishes and small gifts for Edna and the kids. Edna tells him that he must be proud of him, as black or white the fact is that he was the man who brought the first bale of cotton that year, and that he should never forget this. Viola and her husband depart for Houston and a new life. The movie ends as it began, on a Sunday with the sounds of a church choir singing "Blessed Assurance". The minister reads "the Love Chapter" or 1 Corinthians 13 where it is told that no matter what you do, if you don\'t love, everything is worthless. At the church Wayne and Margaret are together and she accepts him back, taking his hand. As the choir sings "In the Garden", Wayne passes communion to Margaret and communion is passed from person to person living and dead: the banker, the wealthy, the musician, Moze who has had to flee, Will, Possum, Frank, Edna, Royce, and the black boy who killed him sitting by his side. There is an implicit double message: that love could gather all together as we are taught at Church, but also that some of those who on Sundays go to Church and publicly pretend to love are the same ones that from Monday to Saturday belonged to the Ku-Klux-Klan, killed the drunken black boy, got rid of their blinded brother in law or intended to force a widowed mother to part from her children instead of helping her in her troubles. We see those persons while we hear the priest saying "If I don\'t have love, I am nothing". In contrast with this, Edna did everything out of love : love to her husband, her children, her sister, his new family members. She had a place in her heart for each of them. The last words are “Peace of God” spoken by the boy to the Sheriff he had accidentally killed.'] ['Set in the lively village of modern day Punjab, "Dil Apna Punjabi", is about a family spanning over four generations all living under one roof headed by Sardar Hardam Singh . His grandson, Kanwal  is a man of his heart, who spends most of his time with his friends; a village musical troupe. When Kanwal when meets college friend Ladi  at relative Faujan\'s  home he falls in love. Faujan makes their love match seem as an arranged marriage to their respective families. However, Ladi\'s family meet him, they are discouraged due to his unambitious approach and his lack of employment. When a talent scout  hears him singing, Kanwal decides to make a success of himself in the UK to prove himself. Here he meets TV host Lisa . Lisa is drawn towards Kanwal\'s charm and simplicity soon begins to have feelings for Kanwal. Kanwal has to choose between fame and fortune with Lisa in the UK, or returning to his roots in the Punjab to be with his first love Ladi.'] ['Movie critic Dana Stevens describes the film plot as "a collection of brief vignettes which are so loosely connected that it feels at times like you\'re watching a non-narrative film."<ref nametap3 "Black Sheep: A legendary film from 1977 gets its due."] by Dana Stevens, Slate.com, March 30, 2007 There are no acts, plot arcs or character development, as conventionally defined. Stan  works long hours at a slaughterhouse in Watts, Los Angeles. The monotonous slaughter affects his home life with his unnamed wife  and two children, Stan Jr. and Angela . Through a series of episodic events &mdash; some friends try to involve Stan in a criminal plot, a white woman propositions Stan in a store, Stan and his friend Bracy  attempt to buy a car engine &mdash; a mosaic of an austere working-class life emerges in which Stan feels unable to affect the course of his life.'] ["Warner Baxter portrays the wealthy, easy-going patriarch of a family that falls on hard times after the death of his wife and a stock market crash that wipes out his wealth. Recently arrived governess Emilie  works to keep the family together. But with the loss of Adam Stoddards fortune the boys are off to a boarding school financed by a wealthy cousin, and Emilie must return to France until Adam  can afford to repurchase the family estate and recall Emilie to look after it. Reversing his fortunes takes several years. The three older boys are in the service for World War One; Then, just as everything is getting back to the former status... One son returns with his new wife, Hester, , who turns out be a conniving woman who wants to rule the roost. She schemes to rid the home of Emilie, while she seduces another son, Jack, when her husband is at war. Emilie discovers the affair, but keeps quiet to preserve Adam's happiness and the brother's reputation, pretending to Adam that she was the one involved with Jack. Ultimately, all is discovered, and Hester receives her comeuppance. Emilie and Adam become engaged and all ends happily."] ['When the Fabre family move into their dream house with wonderful neighbors, everything seems perfect except for one thing - the youngest child Ludovic is a transgender girl; while she was born biologically male, she knows that she is a girl and wants to live as female. The rest of the family humor her as best they can, rationalizing that Ludovic is only trying to find her identity and will be over it soon. Trouble begins when Ludovic befriends Jérôme, the son of her father\'s boss, and expresses a desire to marry him when Ludovic is finally "not a boy." When visiting Jérôme\'s house, Ludovic enters his sister\'s room and puts on one of her dresses, not realizing that the sister is deceased and the room was merely kept in memory of her. Jérôme\'s mother sees this and she and the rest of the neighbors are horrified. The community turns against Ludovic and, by extension, the rest of the Fabre family. After Ludovic stands in as Snow White in a school play, the parents of the other students send in a petition to have her expelled. Ludovic\'s father, under strain as an employee of Jérôme\'s father, is unable to cope and causes conflict within the family. After a particularly bad argument, Ludovic attempts to mend the situation by hiding in a freezer to commit suicide. She is found in time and allowed to wear a skirt to a neighborhood party. While the other neighbors greet him warmly, the father gets fired the next day and finds his house spray painted with graffiti. Ludo runs out of the house saying she got her period. Hannah, Ludovic\'s mother, gets furious at Ludo for saying that. She blames Ludovic for everything that has gone wrong. Hannah wants to set Ludo straight so she cuts her hair to make her look like her brothers. Ludo hates her mother for doing this and wants to live with her grandmother. When Ludo and her grandmother go visit Ludo\'s parents one weekend, the father announces that he has a new job but it\'s out of town, and they have to move. At their new house, Ludovic is befriended by Christine "Chris" Delvigne, a female-to-male transgender boy. Chris\'s mother invites Ludovic to Chris\' dress-up birthday party, which she attends in a musketeer outfit. Chris, unhappy in his princess outfit, asks Ludo to swap and has her friends force Ludo to do so when she refuses. When Ludovic\'s mother sees her in the dress, she fears that their troubles are beginning again and lashes out by hitting her until the other party guests restrain her. She follows Ludovic to a billboard where she is shocked to see Ludovic in the picture, running away with a living Barbie-like doll named Pam. When she tries to follow, she falls through the ground and awakens at home. She and Ludovic\'s father assure Ludo that she may wear skirts if she wishes and she in turn assures her mother that she never really intended to run away with Pam.'] ["Sylvia, a not-so-young woman, is working as a prostitute in Nice. She has a painful relationship with her daughter, Laurence. When two pimps attack Sylvia in her apartment, Laurence stabs one of them, perhaps fatally, to defend her mother. Sylvia and Laurence go on the run. They begin a journey as hitchhikers, first trying to track down Sylvia’s first husband, Piotr, who had a son with her, eight years ago. Sylvia desperately hopes to resume her marriage with Piotr. Sylvia and Laurence cross paths with Joshua, a man out on bail who decides not to return to prison and is trying to avoid the police. Joshua drives off with Sylvia's handbag by mistake. Sylvia and Laurence also separate. Sylvia continues her search for Piotr, occasionally trading sex in exchange for rides, and sometimes on foot to the point of collapse. Sylvia eventually discovers that Piotr has moved from the village where they used to live. After long, painful wanderings, Sylvia, Joshua and Laurence eventually reunite. Sylvia still wants to track down Piotr. A visit to Sylvia's grandparents leads them to the burned-out house where Sylvia once lived with Piotr. Sylvia eventually finds Piotr and her son, but Piotr has found a new, young wife, who is expecting a daughter. Sylvia leaves them to their lives together. She returns to Laurence and Joshua, who has indicated a desire to go his separate way. He does, but returns. Sylvia, Laurence and Joshua leave France together."] ["Jeff , lives with his widower father Harry Mitchell . Much of the movie is about Harry's over-eager support for his son, and his concerns that Jeff doesn't have a boyfriend. Harry meets an attractive but judgemental divorcee through a dating service, and this leads to some conflict between the two main characters. Halfway through, though, the story takes unexpected, darker turns and attains a new level of profundity, becoming a meditation on the enduring strength of love, both familial and romantic, in the face of adversity."] ["Judd is upset that Shiloh  now belongs to Marty. In the first film Marty did hard labor to get Shiloh from Judd. Judd starts drinking heavily and at the beginning of the film, almost runs Marty and Shiloh off the road with his truck. Marty encounters Judd several times in the film including one key moment when Judd thinks he heard Marty on his property, threatens him and holds his gun and goes to find him but he is too drunk. Later, Judd crashes his truck into the creek while driving drunk. Shiloh's loud barking gets Marty's attention where he finds Judd. Judd is then taken to the hospital and returns home sometime later. Marty wants to be nice with Judd and makes donations . Marty then starts writing Judd letters , telling him stories about Shiloh. Judd takes to liking this and reads them they kind of become friends again. In the end, Marty decides he wants to take Shiloh with him to visit Judd. Marty and Judd start to become friends after Judd tells him that it was Shiloh who really saved him and for the first time ever, Shiloh allows Judd to pet him.This is a wonderful, heartfelt movie."] ['Daughters of the Dust is set in 1902 among the members of the Peazant family, Gullah who live at Ibo Landing on St. Helena Island, South Carolina.'] ['Rick Heller is a juvenile delinquent who keeps getting himself into trouble. To keep him out of trouble his mother puts him to work cleaning the cage of a female gorilla named Katie which she is teaching to communicate through the use of sign language. When the owner of the gorilla takes her back to become a flea market freak, Rick takes it upon himself to break Katie out and take her on an adventurous journey to get her out of the country.'] ['When his rich grandad, Howard "Red" Stevens  died, Jason  thought he was going to inherit a piece of the old man\'s multi-billion dollar estate, but it came with a condition. In order to get his share of the willed inheritance, Jason must complete 12 separate assignments within a year. Each assignment is centered around a "gift". Gifts of money, friends and learning are among the dozen that Jason must perform before he is eligible for the mysterious "Ultimate Gift" his grandfather\'s will has for him. Throughout his trials and tribulations, the family attorney, Mr. Hamilton , and his secretary Miss Hastings  attempt to guide Jason along the path his grandfather wishes him to travel. However, the problem they have is that Jason has lived leisurely using his grandfather\'s money as an under-achiever who has never had to genuinely work, and who believes through a young adulthood of loneliness that money is the only pathway to making life decent. For instance, to carry out the first task he has to fly to Texas, and naturally assumes he has a first-class seat, and is annoyed when he discovers he has a coach class seat, complaining to the steward "Don\'t you know who I am?" On his return after completing the first task in Texas, everything he values is suddenly taken away from him - luxury apartment, his restored muscle car  and money - and he is left homeless. His trendy girlfriend, Caitlin , ditches him when his credit card is rejected at a fancy restaurant and she is mortified when he asks her if she could pay the bill. After his mother tells her son she cannot give him help as part of the agreement, Jason miserably finds himself being ejected from private property he wishes to rest on, and wanders the city for the first time truly alone. It is while sleeping in a park that he encounters a woman, Alexia , and her extrovert daughter Emily  - a side story that was not in the novel. Jason befriends the two but then tells them that he needs them to come along to the attorney\'s office and confirm themselves as his "good friends" in order to pass the "gift of friends" assignment. Alexia and Emily still believe that Jason is very self-centred person, and not anyone they want to have as a friend. However, it is then that Jason discovers by accident that Emily is suffering from leukemia, and sees this family as a chance to develop a strong bond with someone. Indeed, the emergence of his "true" self is the key theme of the film. From that point onwards he tries as best he can to help Emily to have a great life while it lasts. Emily also engineers and encourages a romance between Jason and her mother. Also, as Jason works through the twelve gifts in twelve months, he comes to see his grandfather as more than a dead billionaire who he believes disliked him. After Jason has completed his twelve tasks, he is given a sum of $100,000,000 to do with whatever he pleases and all of his property is returned to him. His former girlfriend, knowing that he has regained his wealth, makes an attempt to win him back merely with the offer of sex, but he disgustedly walks out on her. With his inheritance, Jason chooses to build a hospital, called Emily\'s Home , for patients with deadly diseases and their families, which also includes a church . But then before the building begins Emily dies. Alexia and Jason pray for her at the chapel. After the groundbreaking for Emily\'s Home, he is brought back to the law firm for one more meeting. He had exceeded the expectations of his dead grandfather and receives one final "gift" of $2,000,000,000, rewarding Jason not only for his completing the tasks, but for using everything he gained to give to the unfortunate ones. That night, Jason is seen sitting on a bench in the park, when Alexia joins him. He thanks her for her help that she and her daughter gave him. They then kiss and a butterfly, representing Emily, is shown flying around them.'] ['A new science teacher  at Kona Pali High School in Hawaii pushes a group of students to come up with a science project. With a combination of design vision, mechanical skills, knowledge of batteries, and lightweight drivers, the students design and build a solar-powered car they name "Cockroach." Their team manages to outperform a corporate-sponsored car and win the local Big Island competition by correctly predicting cloudy weather based on the surfing experience of the student captain, Daniel . Cloudy weather would make their vehicle\'s battery capacity a more important factor than its weight. With the shop teacher as chaperone , the students travel to Australia to compete in the World Solar Challenge. To the relief of their corporate sponsor , who is still bitter over the loss of his company-built vehicle in Hawaii, their car is delayed at the very start of the race. However, the students choose to persevere and remain in the race. A sand storm and other difficulties provide occasions for heroism. Uni  pilots the car through difficult terrain, but has an accident and is rescued by Gilbert . After Cindy  is disqualified from driving for drinking alcohol, Eduardo  puts aside his "lolo-haole" conflict with Daniel and reduces the car to allow the overweight Gilbert to drive.'] ['The film begins in Los Angeles, CA in 1962. It is narrated by the oldest son, Shayne Patrick Lacey. The family is very poor, and living in a small apartment. Frances Lacey, a widow, works at a factory. She is fired when one of the men gropes her, and she hits him in return. The same day, her son is brought home by the police, for stealing change from payphones, but they don\'t press charges. Shortly after this, Frances decides that LA is not the place to raise a family. She packs the kids up, sells everything they can\'t carry, and starts driving. She figures she\'ll know where she\'s going when she sees it. When the car breaks down, Frances trades her wedding ring to pay for the repairs. She claims it does not have sentimental value, and calls her husband a "no good, vagabond, Irish Catholic son-of-a-bitch." However, she is clearly upset about giving the ring away. When they finally stop, in Idaho, it\'s because she has seen the house she wants for her family. It\'s a shack, really, and a half-built one at that; but she sees potential there. The owner of the property, Mr. Munimura, is reluctant to sell, especially because the Lacey family clearly has no money, but Frances is stubborn and persuades him. She offers to clean his dishes and wash his laundry and have her children do any other chores for him. He reluctantly agrees, but soon finds joy in helping the family build up the little house. He eventually tells Frances that the house was supposed to be for his son and daughter-in-law. He never finished it though, because his son died in the Korean war. Shayne gets a Love Interest, although she does have a Boyfriend at the time. One of the boys, Murray, has gotten a job helping a man who owns a salvage shop. He gets used items, like couches, or French doors, in return for his work, and brings home any items that can help with the building of the house. All of the Lacey tribe are helping to improve the home, but when their youngest brother falls from a rafter onto on a nail one day while Mr. Munimura is fetching Frances from town, Shayne has to carry his brother halfway to the hospital, before meeting them on the road. Eventually Frances gets a job as a waitress at the local bowling alley, where she is very happy, and here the townspeople get to know the Lacey Family. When school starts, the family goes to the local church to buy clothes. The priest tries to get them to come to Sunday services, but they are not very religious. He also offers Frances weekly food donations and other assistance, but she refuses. She is too proud to accept charity, especially from someone who is condescending to her. She gets most upset when he specifically calls her family "needy," even though they are. The children have trouble at school because their clothes are obviously second hand, and some of them are handmade. Shane is not allowed to participate in gym because he needs a white shirt, and his only one got dyed pink in the wash by accident. When Christmas rolls around, Frances tells the children that they should all ask Santa for presents for the house instead of toys. They write the letter, but Shane is certain that Frances has plans to get them some real presents anyway. Lynn knits socks for her mother, and the other children buy her a shirt that she liked from the church. The priest comes to their door on Christmas Eve and offers Frances presents for the "needy family." Again, she refuses his help. On Christmas morning, all they have are tools and nails instead of toys. The children really thought they would get something more and begin to cry. Shane gets very upset and tells his mother that all she cares about is the stupid house, and not about her children. Mr. Munimura comes over, just as she is about to hit Shane with the belt. He takes her to town to see if the church has any presents left, but there are none. The same night that Shane goes on his first date, Frances goes out with Norm, one of the men who works at the bowling alley who has taken her dancing a few times. He takes her to a motel, but Frances is offended at his presumption and refuses him. He tries to force her inside, grabbing her arm, and says that he can make her do what he wants. She says "You can try," and the scene cuts to when Shayne is returning home from the dance, where he finds Frances sitting in the car in the snowy front yard. Shayne sees she is crying and has a cut lip and bloody nose. Inside he helps to clean her up, and they talk about Shayne\'s father. She tells Shane that his father was a great man, and he was never mean to her; but ever since he died, she has only been able to find bastards who want to take advantage of her. The next day, Shayne goes to the Bowling Alley and sees Norm flirting with another woman. Shayne tackles him, accusing him of beating his mother, and the two fight as the townspeople call for the Sheriff. Norm pushes Shane into the bathroom, where Shane asks him how he got the scratches on his face. Norm responds that she fights like her son, punches Shayne, and storms out. Later, Frances arrives at the bowling alley to tell her boss that she has to quit, because of what he did to her and her son. The boss tells her that Norm has been fired, and that if he was the only problem, then he hopes she has no reason to quit. One day Murray brings home an indoor toilet, from his job at the salvage shop. The family is excited, because they have been using an out house. The next day, the boys decide to burn down the outhouse. A spark catches the canvas roof of their home. The entire thing burns to the ground. The fire department arrived too late to do anything. The family is picking through the remains of the house, salvaging nails and whatever else they can, when Mr. Munimura comes driving up. Behind him are lots of people from town. They are there to build the Lacey family a house whether Frances likes it or not. She says they can help, but she will pay all of them back. They also bring toys, clothes, and blankets for the children. Frances only lets them build the house as far as it was before the fire. Shane, narrating, says that it took them six months to finish the rest of the house, and four years to pay everyone back, but that it brought them all closer together as a family. Even though he hated Idaho at first, he still lives there, and has never been back to LA.'] ["Fourteen-year-old high school student, Amy Dustin, becomes an object of romantic affection to the school's biology teacher and football coach, Pete Nash. They take a sudden interest in each other, sending each other notes and talking on the telephone. Although Pete has a family, the two begin a secret relationship. People then begin to suspect that Pete and Amy are having an affair. It is revealed that another reason for the students' gossip is that Pete had trouble in the past concerning an affair with student Missy Ross. He denies these allegations when Amy confronts him about the rumours. One night, she spends the night at Pete's house because Pete convinced his daughter to invite Amy to a sleepover. During the night, Pete wakes Amy up and then convinces her to sleep with him. This upsets her, but she still feels that she is in love with him. Meanwhile, Kimberly Jones, one of her best friends, worries about their relationship, thinking it isn't healthy. She reports it to the principal who dismisses her allegations because the principal thinks that Kimberly is telling falsehoods because she is jealous of her friend. Amy is constantly being pursued at school by Pete, who often takes her to a closet in the classroom in order to kiss her. She doesn't like what he is doing and starts spending time with student Cory Wilkins. One night, she accompanies Cory to a party and dances with him. Pete observes her behaviour and is infuriated. In front of a crowd of people, he drags Amy away from Cory. Although his actions grab the attention of all the people at the party, no one intervenes. Amy then tries to break off their affair because she is uncomfortable with the way in which things are moving, but Pete is able to win back her trust. The next day, her father is informed about what happened at the party. Norm confronts him, but Pete convinces him that he was only acting in Amy's best interests because Cory has a bad reputation. Norm is placated somewhat. While on a camping trip, Amy's friend Kelly catches Pete and Amy kissing. Upon confronting her, Amy tells her about her relationship with her teacher and states that she is in love with Pete. Things become even more difficult and uncomfortable for Amy when her mother, Betty Ann, finds a love letter to her daughter from Pete. She immediately reports it to the high school principal. Matters are complicated because Amy and Pete both deny an affair. For this reason, the principal is unable to do anything about it. When Amy decides to break off the affair, Pete will not leave her alone and his actions become even more irrational than they were before. Amy then admits everything to her parents and Pete is arrested. He receives a jail sentence of five months as well as a 10 year period of probation. Betty Ann decides to sue the school as well, because the school failed to act in spite of convincing evidence that supported the fact that an affair between a teacher and a student took place. Instead of the students showing sympathy towards Amy, they act hostile towards her because Coach Nash was suspended from his job before an important football game. The fact that her friends think that she was just as much to blame as Pete heightens Amy's feelings of rejection and isolation. When the Dustin house is vandalized, Amy considers dropping the case because she feels that the trouble she and her family have had to endure is not worth it. In the end, she changes her mind and decides to go through with it. She is motivated by her strong feelings that she does not want someone else to experience what she endured."] ["Seven young siblings are orphaned when their bedridden mother dies, having converted to fundamentalist religion and refused medical help. Not wanting to be taken to an orphanage, they bury her in the backyard and go on with their daily routines as if she were still alive. The eldest child, a young teenage girl, takes charge. They make excuses for their mother's absence to their neighbours and teachers, one of the boys forges the mother's signature on cheques that arrive for her each month, and they periodically hold séances to communicate with her. One of the boys writes to their mother's no-good estranged husband, who is their legal father, hoping he will help them, but when he moves in, he spends their money, drinks regularly, entertains loose women, and begins the process of selling the house. When they confront him, he explains that their mother was even more irresponsible than he is before she turned to religion, and that they are all bastards. One of the girls is so shocked by this revelation that she kills him with a fire iron. Finally accepting the seriousness of their situation, the children turn themselves in to the authorities."] ['The movie begins with Marty Preston  explaining the events of the first two adventures that happened in Shiloh, and Shiloh 2: Shiloh Season. Then it shows them at the table when Judd Travers ([[Scott_Wilson_ shows up with dead squirrels, as it is a present for Marty and his family for helping him after his truck accident in the second film. A fearsome Shiloh whines and runs into the kicthen since Shiloh is scared of Judd still. Marty\'s sister, Becky Preston, calls Judd the meanest man since Judd said about him eating dead squirrels all his life. As soon as Judd leaves the Preston\'s house, Louise Preston  explains to her son and Shiloh that she hasn\'t been embarrassed in her whole life. Soon, Marty hears from his two best friends, David Howard and Samantha Wallace, that after a fist fight with a drunken Judd, Judd is charged with murder. Marty brings Judd some squirrel stew and offers to help Judd out, believing that Judd hasn\'t committed murder. Soon after, when Marty is helping Judd build a fence for his hunting dogs, Judd accidentally steps on one of his dog\'s paws. The dog starts attacking Judd, biting his good leg. Judd doesn\'t show any fear, grabbing the dog and swinging him at a fence. Afterwards, when Dara Lynn Preston, another of Marty\'s sisters, falls into a lake, Marty jumps in to save her. Shiloh jumps in to help out, but gets caught in the current, which leads toward Miller Falls. Marty jumps back into the lake to save Shiloh, but gets his foot caught in a branch. Seeing this, Judd jumps off a cliff into the lake to free Marty. Marty explains to Judd that Shiloh was going to go over the waterfall unless he saves him. Judd saves Shiloh and begins a friendship with Marty and Shiloh. The film ends with Marty saying, "If you open your heart, anything is possible."'] ['Three years after the death of a young man, Liam Lombard , the story flashes forward to assess the toll it has taken on his parents, brother, and ex-girlfriend, all set against the backdrop of suburban Sydney. Jordan Lombard  is a broken man, now hideously obese and unable to function. His once happy marriage is skidding hopelessly out of control. His wife Penelope  is trapped in routine, devoid of self respect. Her pain only deepens with the onset of menopause. This humilation has driven her straight into the arms of another, younger, man. Their surviving son Ben  has developed a peculiar relationship with the local boy Matt . Though an unlikely pair, a romance has began to blossom. As Ben’s sexuality comes further into question, he turns his attentions to the girl next-door Indigo , his dead brothers former lover. Never quite the same since his death, her destructive relationship with a married man, Greg , is fading as is her relationship with her mother Jackie . As Ben sets out to woo her in his own twisted fashion, including dressing like an old neighbour, Indigo comes to find he might be her one true friend. Then history repeats. Jordan suffers a heart attack, shaking his family to their core. In the middle of a night, three years on from the death of her son, Penelope fights for her husband at a hospital bedside. Desperate to reclaim his life, Jordan races to quit his oppressive job in spectacular and uncharacteristic fashion on his bosses doorstep. When Jordan finally gets home that night – he crumbles in his wife’s arms - a second chance now awarded. Meanwhile, Ben makes his way to a lonely bus, planning to skip the city with Indigo. While there, he impulsively reaches over and kisses her, hoping all his questions might finally be answered. But there’s nothing. Liam is no longer the driving force of their lives. So as Ben races off to Matt, Penelope kisses her loving husband goodnight and Indigo begins her adventure from the back seat of a bus, they all finally see a road promised ahead, one with hope and the lessons learnt of living.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0448205/synopsis'] ['The film begins with two recently escaped convicts &mdash; Frank  and Red  &mdash; approach a group of campers. The elder of the pair shoots and kills the campers with single rapidfire shots to the head. D.J. Farraday  discovers that his father, Del , has been having an affair. D.J. asks Del to meet him at the family\'s cabin by the lake, where D.J. intends to confront him about his adultery. When the two arrive at the summer house, they find the younger son, Campbell "Cam" Farraday , already there. Eventually it is revealed that Del had found Cam and his boyfriend, Billy, embracing there at the cabin. Del brutally beat Billy, and father and son have not spoken since. Cam seems determined to leave the confrontational situation. While D.J. is trying to convince Cam to stay and attempt a reconciliation, Cam reveals to him that Billy is dead, and the clear implication is that Cam blames his father for the loss. A short while later, the two escaped convicts show up at the cabin and ask to use the phone, claiming that their car has broken down. Red, who is introduced as Frank\'s adult son, makes a point of taking up the hospitality offered, using that excuse to remain in the house  As the evening progresses Frank seems to be forcing Del into a challenge. Tensions are high, as Frank makes his play for Alpha of the house. At one point, D.J.  goes so far as to suggest that "we all just whip \'em out and get this over with." The police show up looking for the two escaped convicts, and things get tense very quickly. It soon becomes clear that Cam knew the convicts and has had some sort of entanglement with them. From there, the twists and turns begin to thicken, and the onionskin layers of this tale are revealed. The family must reconcile and put aside their issues with each other to deal with the menacing force of Frank.'] ['Set in California against the backdrop of the mid-sixties, That\'s What I Am is a coming-of-age story that follows 12-year-old Andy Nichol , a bright student who, like most kids his age, will do anything to avoid conflict for fear of suffering overwhelming ridicule and punishment from his junior high school peers. Everyone\'s favorite teacher, Mr. Simon , pairs Andy with the school\'s biggest outcast and social pariah, Stanley aka "Big G" , on a critical school project. Sporting thick orange hair, a head too big for his body and ears too big for his head, "Big G" has been the object of ridicule since grade school. Before long, Andy will learn that there was truly a method behind Mr. Simon\'s madness as to why he teamed these two up. After a dramatic incident in the schoolyard, teachers and parents rethink their roles in school and society. Principal Kelner  suspends a school bully for brutally beating up a female classmate. The vindictive father of the bully makes Mr. Simon the target of a malicious rumor about his sexuality, causing Mr. Simon to question his calling as an educator and mentor to his students. When Andy is confronted by another bully and watches "Big G" fearlessly stand up for him, a series of events are triggered. Much to Andy\'s surprise, he learns that "Big G" is a brilliant, kind, tolerant human being, who has more dignity than anyone Andy has ever encountered. Big G personifies Mr. Simon\'s four word answer on how to obtain world peace.'] ['Shin-Ae  and her only child move to the small town of Milyang, South Korea. Her husband has recently died and she has decided to start life anew back in the hometown of her deceased husband. While entering Milyang, Shin-Ae’s car breaks down along a rural highway. She is able to get the local mechanic in Milyang named Jong-Xhan  to come out to her car and start it once again. Although they come from different social backgrounds, the pair hits it off and seems to find comfort in each other’s presence. Tragedy soon strikes Shin-Ae once again when her only son is abducted. As Shin-Ae must deal with another devastating tragedy in her life, she attempts to find answers and a light that can shine upon her dark life.'] ['In 1902, John , his much younger wife Maida  and their infant son David  are the only survivors of a ship that crashes into the rocky beach of an uncharted island during a violent storm. By 1912, David, now a seemingly happy 12-year-old boy, begins to enter puberty. By the time he is 17, David is consumed by lust for his mother, which drives a wedge between him and his father to the point where they hunt each other down for the affections of the only woman on the island.'] ['The school year ends with everyone at East High School looking forward to summer vacation . Troy Bolton is still dating Gabriella Montez, who decides to stay in Albuquerque with her mother. Troy eventually decides to look for a summer job to gain money for college. Sharpay and Ryan Evans plan to spend part of the summer at their family\'s country club, Lava Springs , but Sharpay\'s summer plans also include pursuing Troy, whom she has arranged to be hired at the club. However, Troy convinces the club\'s manager, Mr. Fulton, into hiring Gabriella and their close group of friends as well; including Taylor and Chad. Sharpay is enraged upon learning that Gabriella is working as one of the lifeguards but is unable to get her fired so she orders Fulton to give them difficult tasks so they would be best to quit. Fulton attempts to intimidate the group but Troy rebuilds their confidence and convinces them that they can persevere . Troy continues to worry about funding for college. Sharpay senses his need and arranges for Troy to be promoted, hoping that this will convince him to sing with her at the talent show. Meanwhile, Kelsi writes a ballad for Troy and Gabriella. Troy agrees to sing with his friends in the show , not knowing that Sharpay is vying for his attention. (In the extended version, Sharpay and Ryan trap Troy as he prepares for a date with Gabriella, and perform their potential show stopper  Ryan realizes he does not mean much to Sharpay anymore, as she is ready to blow her brother aside for the opportunity to perform with Troy. This leads to tension between the twin siblings and Ryan angrily informs Sharpay that he will no longer obey her orders. Taylor and Gabriella invite Ryan to the baseball game, where he persuades the Wildcats to take part in the talent show . Troy and Gabriella\'s relationship is strained when Troy sees Ryan with Gabriella, sparking jealousy. Owing to a "promise" from Troy, he and Sharpay practice their song for the Midsummer Night\'s Talent Show ("You Are The Music In Me . When Sharpay discovers that Ryan and the Wildcats are putting together their own performance in the show, she orders Mr. Fulton to ban all junior staff members from performing. Gabriella angrily confronts Sharpay about her interference and quits her job at Lava Springs. Troy overhears the exchange, and tries to persuade Gabriella to change her mind. Gabriella expresses her loss of trust with Troy  and leaves Lava Springs, & gives him the necklace back. It also seems that they broke up, also. Troy returns to work the next day to find that his friends refuse to talk to him. Kelsi silently shows Troy the notice from Mr. Fulton, causing Troy to question his own motivations . He begins to reconcile with Chad and his other friends. Then Troy confronts Sharpay, informing her that he will not sing with her. The Wildcats and Chad forgive Troy for his absence and convince him to sing in the talent show, which he does only under the condition that they are all allowed to perform as well. At Sharpay\'s supposed instruction, Ryan gives Troy a new song to learn moments before the show. As Troy goes onstage, he asks Sharpay why she switched the song, and Sharpay is shocked to find that her brother tricked her. Troy sings the song  alone, until Gabriella surprisingly joins him onstage. In the end, Sharpay proudly presents her brother, Ryan, with the award for the talent show. After the talent show, all the Wildcats go to the golf course to enjoy the fireworks. Everyone celebrates the end of the summer with a pool party  which features a cameo appearance by Miley Cyrus.'] ["The film takes place during the 1960s space race between the United States and the Soviet Union. Dr. Wilhelm von Huber , a top NASA scientist, relocates to Cape Canaveral with his 12-year-old son, Billy . Their relationship has become strained in the wake of the recent death of Billy's mother, and the ever-widening gap between father and son has become obvious. Billy finds his father old-fashioned and boring. He wants to lead an exciting life: to be a hero like the astronaut Alan Shepard. However, Billy's life takes an exciting turn when he is hired by Dr. Donni McGuinness , the Director of Veterinary Sciences, to help train the chimpanzees for NASA space missions. Billy begins to develop a close bond with one particular chimp named Mac. With Billy's help and companionship, Mac is chosen to become the first American astronaut launched into space. All seems like a wonderful game until Billy realizes that his new friend is being prepared to be hurled hundreds of miles into orbit on a historical mission - and that someone  at NASA is about to sabotage the mission. Mac's big chance to explore the farthest frontier and hurtle America ahead in the race to space might easily cost him his life."] ["At first glance the Ristuccia family is apparently normal and close-knit, but all of its members are hiding something. Carlo, the head of the family, would like to become a writer rather than continue working in an insurance company. Giulia, his wife, is a professor of literature who aspires to become an actress. Paolo is an insecure teenager who cannot successfully assert himself in front of girls whom he likes. Valentina desires to become a television showgirl at any cost. This silence is broken when Carlo meets his old love Alessia, with whom he starts an extra-marital affair. As a result Giulia falls into total despair, destroying the family's equilibrium and losing control over their children."] ['Agnes , in the midst of a struggle to overcome her own self destructive behaviour, returns to Sydney, Nova Scotia from Toronto, Ontario because of the failing health of her mother Rose . She is met by her older sister Theresa , a devout Catholic who has recently been dumped by her husband for a younger woman, and Louise ([[Stacy Smith , the middle child who has retreated from the outside world. Her arrival sets in motion a chain of events that allows the family to reconnect with the world and one another.'] ['Dylan , a high school student with an inoperable brain tumor, lives with his widowed mother Carol  in Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania. He is invited on television by a wish-granting organization and stuns viewers with his wish: he wants to spend a weekend alone with supermodel Nikki Sinclair . Living in New York City, Nikki is watching television and hears about Dylan\'s wish; she is convinced by her agent to see Dylan, as part of a publicity stunt to improve Nikki\'s image, but her visit is very brief. Dylan is disappointed and decides to raise money and travel to New York, trying to see Nikki again. Carol struggles with allowing her sick son  to be unsupervised in an unfamiliar city. Nikki has her own problems and is reluctant to even speak to Dylan. Striking out and growing sicker, Dylan and his friends take a cab back to Pennsylvania, and eventually to the hospital. Surprisingly, Nikki shows up and, at his request, takes Dylan to the beach. They spend the day together talking, fishing, and kissing, eventually falling asleep on a blanket. In the morning, Nikki discovers that Dylan has died. Nikki attends his funeral with friends and family. As he enters the afterlife, Dylan arrives on the beach to see his father, who died years before, fishing. He invites Dylan to join him. Dylan asks his father how he knows this is not a dream. His father replies, "You don\'t, and you never will".'] ["14-year-old Amelia Michaelson , called Milly, and her family move into a new suburban home shortly after the death of her father. Milly makes friends with her new neighbor Geneva, and Milly and her eight-year-old brother Louis  have difficulty adjusting to their new schools, while their mother Charlene  copes with a demotion at work and her inability to learn how to use a computer. Louis is also plagued by bullies down the street who won't let him get around the block. During the first night at the house, Charlene tells Milly she will need her help to make this work. Milly returns to her bedroom and is talking to her pet bird when something flies past the window, but when Milly goes to investigate she sees nothing. Milly and Geneva observe Eric Gibb , an autistic boy living next door with his alcoholic uncle Hugo . Eric has never spoken a word in his life, doesn't like to be around people and exhibits bizarre behavior related to flying, such as balancing on the roof of his house with his arms spread out like an airplane. Milly hears that Eric's parents died in a plane crash, and that somehow, in the instant of their death, he knew; and that he did the only thing he could think of to try to save them, which was to become an airplane. Later that night, Milly and her family watch as Eric  and three adults appear outside with Eric in a straight jacket and being restrained by two men, with Mrs. Sherman arguing with a woman there about what is best for Eric. Milly later reveals to Geneva one night when Milly's mother is out for the evening that she finds Eric attractive. Although Eric cannot communicate with anyone, he begins to react to Milly, first by mimicking her movements and facial expressions. Mrs. Sherman observes this interaction and asks Milly to keep an eye on Eric, explaining that because of Uncle Hugo's drinking, Eric is in constant danger of being taken by authorities and placed in a hospital; but that when Eric was taken away before, he became so sick that he almost died. Milly works with Eric over the course of the school year and takes notes on his progress, which is slow at first. Milly notes excitedly the first time Eric smiles on his own rather than merely copying her own smile. Eric does nothing when Milly throws balls to him, except for one day when he spontaneously reaches out and catches a stray baseball flying toward Milly's head. However, strange occurrences, like Eric's apparent ability to appear in his own window one instant and in Milly's the next without any link between their homes, begin to make Milly question reality. In her notes, Milly wonders whether Eric is becoming more like her, or the other way around. On a school field trip, with no one present except Eric, Milly falls off a bridge while trying to pick a rose. Knocked unconscious, she dreams that she wakes up in the hospital, with Eric sitting on the windowsill. After a conversation with him , she becomes convinced he can fly. Eric gives her the rose she was trying to reach and then, taking her hand, leads her out of the window and the two begin flying. The two watch a fireworks display from a cloud before they share a kiss and return to the hospital window. After watching Eric fly off, Milly's dream becomes a nightmare as she sees her Dad in a hospital bed, dead, with a girl called Mona  throwing a volleyball at her which knocks her out of the window. Milly then wakes up in a hospital and tells her mother that Eric can fly and that he caught her as she fell. A shrink, Dr. Grenader, talks to Milly and tells her that Eric caught her as she only has a concussion and no serious injuries. Dr Grenader, however, puts forth a more logical explanation and explains her belief that Eric can fly may be due to stress caused by the death of her father as he died from cancer. Upon returning home, Milly notices the rose on her windowsill and now becomes truly convinced that Eric can fly. When she shouts to Uncle Hugo about Eric's whereabouts, he replies by saying the institute has taken him away as Hugo was found drunk again. Despite the efforts of Milly and her family, they are not allowed to see Eric when they visit the institute. As they leave due to not been allowed in, Eric tries to force the window open and is restrained by two men who try to sedate him. Another attempt by Louis to get around the block fails as the bullies tear his tricycle apart and to make matters worse, his dog Max is hit by a passing car and is taken to an animal hospital. Later that evening, Milly thinks she spots Eric on his roof during a thunderstorm and after climbing into the attic, she finds Eric, who is shivering with cold and still wearing a strait-jacket after managing to somehow escape the institute. As Milly helps him, he pulls out a box and from within it, he takes out a ring which he gives to Milly. When the authorities arrive at Eric's house the next day, Milly sneaks Eric out and the police chase them to the roof of the school during a carnival. Eric turns to Milly and speaks her name, the first word he has spoken thus far. Milly asks Eric if he really can fly, and he smiles and nods his head. He holds her hand and the two fall off the building. Just before hitting the ground, Milly and Eric begin flying in plain view of the crowd around the carnival, which follows Milly and Eric down the streets of their town, shocking Charlene, Louis, Geneva, and Uncle Hugo. Eric brings Milly to her own window, tells her he loves her, and kisses her before he says goodbye and flies away. Milly is heartbroken, but quickly realizes why Eric had to leave: Over the following weeks, spectators, policemen, and scientists mob the town, looking for an explanation and taking all of Eric's belongings away to be analyzed. Milly speculates that Eric too would have been taken by scientists had he remained. It is revealed that Milly's father knew he had cancer, but kept it a secret from his family because he did not want them to worry. Rather than seek treatment, he said goodbye and committed suicide. His refusal to fight for his life left the Michaelsons feeling helpless and hopeless, but Eric's ability to fly shows them that anything is possible if you believe. Unlike Milly's father, Eric's uncle and the remaining Michaelsons refuse to give up: Eric's uncle beats his drinking problem and gets an excellent job; the Michaelson's dog Max gets better; Louis dominates the bullies down the street ; Charlene masters the computer at work; and Milly regains interest in her life and relationships with those around her. The movie ends with Milly looking out the window waiting for Eric. As the sun sets, she throws out a paper airplane which flies ever upward."] ["The movie is about a kid named Izzy who lives in the New York City neighborhood of Washington Heights. His family faces a crisis after his father, Paul, suffers from a stroke. His mother, Sue, is an English teacher whose salary is only enough to pay the rent for their apartment. Izzy is trying to find ways to escape his problems by breaking into people's apartments. Izzy does not steal things from houses, instead he eats food, moves around the furniture, writes words on walls, takes showers, and burn pieces of paper. Izzy hangs out with a group of kids who are hoodlums. When Paul's medical insurance is running out, Sue decides to bring Paul back home and take care of him by herself. When Izzy tries again to break in, he gets caught when the homeowners are at home having sex. Izzy is subsequently taken to the local police station."] ['Though widowed, ex-cop, Homer,  is a kindly father to his ten-year old son, Rex . He is considered to be something of a bully in the poor Manila neighborhood where he lives. After mistaking a child retrieving a snarled kite for a burglar, Homer kills the boy and then hurriedly tries to cover up his error. Unbeknownst to his dad, Rex witnessed the event, too. As the two separately wrestle with their consciences, the neighbors find out and chaos soon ensues.'] ['Sonny Koufax  is a carefree, unmotivated 32-year-old bachelor who lives in New York City and has declined to take on adult responsibility. He has earned a degree in law, but has chosen not to even try to attempt to take the bar exam, since he was awarded $200,000 in a vehicle accident years prior and lives off his restitution. He is employed, on a part-time basis only, as a toll booth attendant and he more or less just does this job just to get out of the apartment once in a while. The film shows Sonny\'s friends, all former schoolmates, are "moving ahead" in their lives. His roommate, Kevin Gerrity , decides to ask his podiatrist girlfriend Corinne  to marry him, which is another thing that irritates Sonny, since he and Corinne dislike each other. Kevin decides to pop the question the day before he is leaving for China for his law firm. Two of his male friends, Phil  and Tommy , from school, in contrast to their conduct in Sonny\'s experience while at school, are now revealed to be homosexual and in a committed domestic partnership, which weirded Mike , another friend of Sonny. Sonny\'s girlfriend, Vanessa , disgusted and perplexed at Sonny\'s contrasting and inconsistent conduct decides to end her romantic relationship with him—and also find a new much older man, Sid  with more reliability. Sonny quickly becomes occupied with a new series of events in his life. He wakes up to Kevin already at the airport leaving for China. Kevin has revealed to having fathered an illegitimate son, whose name is Julian McGrath . Julian is abandoned at Sonny and Kevin\'s apartment, with a written explanation that Julian\'s mother is now declining to care further for Julian. It is later revealed at the Social Services office that the boy\'s mother died of cancer. Kevin, at the airport ready to go to China, gets a call from Sonny informing him of the letter and the boy. Sonny decides to handle the situation himself, and, in the process, decides Julian will solve his problem with his ex-girlfriend. His plan backfires and ends up at child services trying to give Julian back. Rather than give Julian to a group home he decides to hang out with Julian until a new family is ready for him. Sonny, in caring for Julian, soon discovers a new purpose in his life and a deep connection with Julian as a father figure. But Social Services rep Arthur Brooks  discovers that Sonny is posing as Kevin, and insists that he give up Julian. Brooks takes Julian and decides to press charges against Sonny. The case is brought to court, where Sonny has his friends as counsel, including Layla , Corinne\'s sister and Sonny\'s new girlfriend; and late-arrivee Kevin. Despite positive testimony from his friends , a homeless man  and changing the opinion of his own father Lenny, also a prominent attorney, the judge is ready to sentence him to jail for kidnapping Julian and defrauding the state. At this point, Kevin steps forward as Julian\'s father and insists that no charges be filed, having remembered a drunken fling with a Hooters girl in Toronto during the 1993 World Series, and connecting that with Julian\'s earlier testimony of originally coming from Toronto and being born in July. The judge grants custody to Kevin to the dismay of Julian, who wants Sonny as his father. Sonny tells Julian that can never happen because his real father is present, but they can be friends. One year, three months, and six days later, Sonny, now a lawyer and married to Layla with a child of their own, is surprised with a birthday party at Hooters attended by all his colleagues and friends, including Julian, but is more surprised to find Vanessa working as a Hooters girl, and her boyfriend Sid with his so-called five-year plan working the grill.'] ['Sports physician Marcus Sommers  persuades his younger brother David  to come with him and train for a bicycle race across the Rocky Mountains, called "The Hell of the West". However, there is a history of cerebral aneurysm in their family . The two brothers have gone in very different directions. Marcus, already alienated from their mother, is suffering from symptoms of a cerebral aneurysm, and the condition may now be affecting David as well. The first half of the film focuses on the family\'s history and background of the plot. Realizing they may not have much time left, the two brothers, along with Marcus\' girlfriend Sarah , embark on a cross country journey to the bicycle race in Colorado. Along the way, David picks up a beautiful, hippie hitchhiker named Becky . While training during the trip, the brothers have an impromptu bikes vs. horses race, and the group has run-ins with old cycling buddies. The second half of the film focuses on the three stage race. Set in the Colorado Rockies with mountain and prairie backdrops, the brothers compete against the world\'s top cyclists on dangerous courses at break-neck speeds. Marcus, intending to hide his condition from his brother, eventually suffers an aneurysm and falls out of the race. David faces a dilemma: to quit and look after his family, or continue and try to defy the odds and win the race. To do that, David will have to conquer one of the toughest stages of the race, the "Tour of the Moon" at Colorado National Monument.'] ['The movie is a dramatization of Sterling North\'s 1963 "memoir of a better era." Born near Edgerton, Wisconsin, North was a former literary editor for newspapers in Chicago and New York City. The movie relates a year in the life of young Sterling North  and his "ringtailed wonder" pet raccoon, Rascal. Although set in Wisconsin, circa 1917, the movie was filmed in California.'] ["A man who had a stroke 17 years ago is left incapacitated and bed-ridden. He has been cared for by his daughter Bessie  in their Florida home, and totally ignored by his other daughter, Lee , who moved to Ohio with her husband 20 years ago and has never contacted her family. Now, however, Bessie's doctor has informed her that she has leukemia and needs a bone marrow transplantReview - Marvin's Room Explores the Ties That Bind by Gary Johnson, imagesjournal.com, Issue 2. and she turns to her sister for help. Lee, in turn, turns to her son Hank , who has been committed to a mental institution for setting fire to his mother's house. When Lee finds that she may have to take over her father's care, she at first begins shopping around for nursing homes. Eventually, however, the once-estranged family grows close. Overview New York Times.'Marvin's Room': No Emote Control by Desson Howe, Washington Post Staff Writer, January 10, 1997."] ['In the Victorian period, Ebenezer Scrooge  is a cynical and embittered old man whose greatest concern is money, and who regards compassion as a luxury he cannot afford. On Christmas Eve, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of Jacob Marley , his former business partner, who, as a result of his greed and mistreatment of the poor, is doomed to walk the earth forevermore, never to find rest or peace, fettered in chains of his own sins. Marley arranges for Scrooge to be visited by three spirits in an attempt to show him the errors of his ways and avoid the same horrid afterlife &mdash; the Ghosts of Christmases Past , Present , and Yet to Come ([[Michael Carter . The spirits force Scrooge to examine the failings of his own life, as well as the bravery and optimism of his loyal but ill-treated employee Bob Cratchit ([[David Warner . Scrooge reforms, learning to keep the spirit of Christmas alive in his heart, ultimately becoming a well-loved and respected man.'] ['Martha and Jed Richards live in Oregon in 1862. They and their two daughters moved there to make a new life, but the daughters died of cholera along the way. This has left Martha an emotional wreck, and she is unable to move on with her life. That is until an orphan named Danny comes to live with them. Jed immediately accepts Danny as his son, but Martha is still too upset to be able to love him. As time passes, however, she finds herself more and more able to accept him as part of the family.'] ["Sean Bean stars as the caring single adoptive father of one of a set of identical twins — played by Aaron Johnson — separated years earlier. The film follows the two boys as they meet, and having come to the attention of a corrupt orphanage manager are instrumental in smashing a child smuggling ring. After the two boys meet they have fun until Thomas is kidnapped by the child smugglers. They keep him bound with belts in a warehouse and use drugs to keep him asleep. The smugglers plan to transport Thomas to another country in a plane by smuggling him off as an animal in a box where he is kept bound and gagged . Tom learns of this however and comes to Thomas' rescue."] ['The film is based on Yu Hua\'s novel To Live. The story begins some time in the 1940s. Xu Fugui  is a local rich man\'s son and compulsive gambler, who loses his family property to a man named Long\'er . His behaviour also causes his long-suffering wife Jiazhen  to leave him, along with their daughter, Fengxia and their unborn son, Youqing. After he loses his entire family fortune, Fugui eventually reunites with his wife and children, but is forced to start a shadow puppet troupe with a partner named Chunsheng , using puppets donated by Long\'er to support his family. The Chinese Civil War is occurring at the time, and both Fugui and Chunsheng are conscripted into the Kuomintang during a performance. Eventually Fugui is able to return home and explain his absence, only to find out that Fengxia has become mute and lost most of her hearing due to a fever. It is revealed that Long\'er did not want to donate any of his wealth to the "people\'s government", and when they tried to pressure him to do so, they only enraged him further so that he decided to burn all of his property instead of giving it away. He was designated an anti-revolutionary reactionary and executed. Fugui realizes the serendipity of losing their fortune to Long\'er, for he could have been executed had he not lost it in their bet. The ending of this decade shows Fugui and Jiazhen locating the certificate Fugui earned after fighting in the war in the wash. It is symbolic of their family for the certificate is fragile, much like the family, and the two try to carefully unfold it so they can hang it in their house to show that they are a revolutionary family despite their past wealth. The story moves forward a decade into the future, to the time of the Great Leap Forward. The local town chief enlists everyone to donate all scrap iron in their possession, including cookware, to the national drive to produce steel and make weaponry for retaking Taiwan. As an entertainer, Fugui performs for the entire town, and so is allowed to keep the small pins that hold his puppets together. The town, which has been devoted entirely to producing steel, also establishes a communal kitchen for everyone to get food from. Soon after, some boys have begun picking on Fengxia, who cannot fight back or tell anyone since she cannot speak. Youqing, who adores his older sister, decides to get back at one of the boys by dumping a huge bowl of noodles and chili sauce onto his head at the public kitchen. In the fury afterward, one man accuses Youqing, and by default, Fugui, of trying to sabotage the kitchens. Since Youqing will not apologize, Fugui begins to paddle him. Later, when they have returned home, Fugui learns of the reasons of his son\'s actions, and tries to apologize, only to be rebuffed. That night, when he is giving another shadow play to the workers, he asks Jiazhen to convince Youqing to come see it, as a way to make it better between them. In the end, Youqing does come, and with a bowl of tea for his father. But only because his mother has given him the idea of putting vinegar and chili sauce in it, as well as helped him, as a way of payback. In the end, Fugui ends up ragingly and eventually playfully chasing his son around the smelting area. The mother\'s actions also made it look like the child was just a prankster, and possibly to make the people no longer think Youqing\'s actions was sabotage set up by Fugui. One day a while later, while Fengxia and Youqing are sleeping, several of Youqing\'s classmates come by to tell him that they have to go to school now, since the District Chief is coming. Still sleepy, Fugui carries him there, despite his wife wishing to let him sleep, since he has not been able to sleep well in weeks. Tragically, the boy falls asleep against a wall, which the District Chief\'s truck accidentally knocks over, killing Youqing. At the grave site of the boy, his mother leaves for him a lunchbox of 20 stale dumplings, which were intended as his lunch for school that day, plus 20 newly made dumplings. The District Chief visits the family at the grave, only to be revealed as Chunsheng. His attempts to apologize and compensate the family are rejected, with Jiazhen declaring that he owed them a life. The story moves forward again another decade, to the Cultural Revolution. The village chief advises Fugui\'s family to burn their shadow puppet drama props, which have been deemed as counter-revolutionary as they are representative of traditional Chinese culture. Fengxia is now grown up. Her family arranges for her to meet Wan Erxi, a local leader of the Red Guards who also has a disability. They fall in love and soon marry, and Fengxia becomes pregnant. It is revealed that Chunsheng, the district chief, has been branded a reactionary and a capitalist. Throughout the years, Fugui had forgiven Chunsheng, but Jiazhen does not want to see him. He arrives late at night to inform Fugui and Jiazhen that his wife has committed suicide and implies that he plans to do so also as he was unable to cope with both losing his wife and killing Youqing. Chunsheng gives Fugui the bank certificate for all of his money as a form of his final apology and wished that they accept the money before his death. Fugui refuses to take it, and Jiazhen, who up to that point had refused to talk to Chunsheng, reconciles with him and encouragingly tells him to keep living, because "You still owe us a life!" Months later, during Fengxia\'s childbirth, her parents and husband accompany her to the county hospital, where they find out that young medical students are in charge. Since all doctors have been sent to do hard labor for being "reactionary academic authorities", the students are left as the only ones in charge, despite being so young. The nurses tell the family that both the child and mother will be fine, but the family is skeptical. Wan Erxi manages to retrieve a doctor from confinement to oversee the birth. As the doctor has not eaten for several days, Fugui purchases seven steamed buns  for him. Fugui and Jiazhen decides to name the son Mantou, after the buns, or at least until he is born. Soon, a healthy baby boy is born, and everything seems to have gone perfectly. However, Fengxia begins to hemorrhage, and the nurses panic, admitting that they do not know what to do. The family and nurses seek the advice of the doctor, but find that he has overeaten and is semiconscious. The family is helpless, and Fengxia bleeds to death. Her parents decide to keep the baby\'s name as Mantou, or "little bun". The movie ends six years later, with the family now consisting of Fugui, Jiazhen, their son-in-law Erxi, and grandson Mantou. The family visits the graves of Youqing and Fengxia, where Jiazhen, as per tradition, leaves dumplings for her son. Erxi buys a box full of young chicks for his son, which they decide to keep in the chest formerly used for the shadow puppet props. When Mantou inquires how long it will take for the chicks to grow up, Fugui\'s response is a more tempered version of something he said earlier in the film, that the chickens would grow into geese, which would grow into sheep, which would grow into oxen. However, in spite of all of his personal hardships, he expresses optimism for his grandson\'s future, and the film ends with his statement, "and life will get better and better"  as the whole family sits down to eat.'] ["Set in Liverpool in the Depression of the 1930s, the story is told through the eyes of Liam . Liam is taking religious instruction lessons in preparation for his First Communion—his mother  is a staunch Roman Catholic. His father  loses his job when the shipyard he works for closes. Meanwhile his sister Teresa  has taken a job as maid for the wealthy Jewish family who own the shipyard. Liam stutters badly under stress, and his strict religious education does not help. The Jewish lady of the house that Teresa works for is having an affair, and the girl becomes an accomplice. Liam's father joins a group of fascists, who rail against rich Jews and cheap Irish labour. His brother secretly attends meetings with socialists. But all this is just a microcosm of a more general breakdown. Life becomes increasingly more insecure and people retreat ever more desperately into their own belief systems. This only leads to increasing conflict, leading inexorably to a single violent act."] ['A poor couple wants to have a boy but instead they get a girl. A boy is born afterwards but something terrible happens, which ruins the relationship between mother and daughter.'] ['A coming-of-age adventure about two brothers  struggling to make it on their own when their mother dies and their father leaves them in their Oklahoma home.'] ['The Jarretts are an upper-middle-class family trying to return to normal life after the death of one teenage son and the attempted suicide of their surviving son, Conrad . Conrad has recently returned home from a four-month stay in a psychiatric hospital. He feels alienated from his friends and family, and begins seeing a psychiatrist, Dr. Berger . Berger learns that Conrad was involved in a sailing accident in which his older brother, Buck , died. Conrad now deals with post-traumatic stress disorder and survivor\'s guilt. Conrad\'s father, Calvin , awkwardly tries to connect with his surviving son and understand his wife. Conrad\'s mother, Beth  denies her loss, hoping to maintain her composure and restore her family to what it once was. She appears to have loved her elder son more , and because of the suicide attempt, has now grown cold toward Conrad. She is determined to maintain the appearance of perfection and normality. Conrad works with Dr. Berger, and learns to try to deal with, rather than control his emotions. He starts dating a fellow student, Jeannine , who helps him to begin to regain a sense of optimism. Conrad, however, still struggles to communicate and re-establish a normal relationship with his parents and schoolmates including Stillman  with whom he gets into a fist fight. He cannot seem to allow anyone, especially Beth, to get close. Beth makes several constrained attempts to appeal to Conrad for some semblance of normality, but Conrad again rebuffs her. Mother and son often argue while Calvin tries to referee, generally taking Conrad\'s side for fear of pushing him over the edge again. Things come to a climax near Christmas, when Conrad becomes furious at Beth for not wanting to take a photo with him, swearing at her in front of his grandparents. Afterward, Beth discovers Conrad has been lying about his after-school whereabouts. This leads to a heated argument between Conrad and Beth in which Conrad points out that Beth never visited him in the hospital. He says "You would have visited Buck if he was in the hospital", to which she replies "Buck would have never been in the hospital". Beth and Calvin take a trip to see Beth’s brother in Houston where Calvin confronts Beth, calling her out on her attitude. In a moment of utter rage, Beth shouts at Calvin, "Why can\'t you see my side?" and "what kind of mother doesn’t love her son?" It is a public outburst underlining the depth of what a normally, overtly repressed Beth is suffering. Conrad suffers a setback when he learns that Karen, a friend of his from the psychiatric hospital  has committed suicide. However, a cathartic breakthrough session with Dr. Berger allows Conrad to stop blaming himself for Buck\'s death and accept his mother\'s frailties. Calvin, however, emotionally confronts Beth one last time. He questions their love, and asks whether she is capable of truly loving anyone. Stunned, Beth decides to flee her family rather than deal with her own, or their, emotions. Calvin and Conrad are left to come to terms with their new family situation.'] ["The story takes place during the period of the ruling military junta in Argentina from the mid-seventies to the early eighties, focusing on one particular family. The story is told from the viewpoint of Nicolas, a young boy. By mistake the mother of the family is killed by right-wing extremists because they believe she had photographed a civilian protest march and the violent suppression by a military patrol in Buenos Aires. In fact, her twin sister actually took the pictures. She recognized its leader as the father of her nephew and she shows the pictures to her sister. One day while the sister is out, the man shows up with his political thugs and murders the mother and then hunts for Nicolas who hides inside a large grandfather clock. Nicolas  is soon taken by his aunt to her home in the country, where he attends the local Catholic school, where most of the children's parents are in the military. At the school the fascist bullies and kids who are frightened by them offer a parallel to Argentina's political situation at the time. The boys imitate their parents with dirty tricks toward a boy they call a mixto  who they regularly beat and torment. Nicolas develops a friendship with the mixto and confides in him about what happened to his mother. A few years later, after the mixto has been taken away, Nicolas and the other bullies take part in the Malvinas/Falklands War. Afterward, Nicolas settles an old, old score."] ['The Westfield Angels high school football team have not won a game in years. Jesse Harper  is their best player and is playing as tailback, shedding a new light for the team. After a terrible accident in a rainstorm in which his father, Peter Harper ([[Jack Coleman , dies, he feels lonely and quits the team. Peter was actually a football star in his high school days. On the night that Jesse quits, Kevin , his younger brother, confronts him and tells him that football was a major part of his life. He tells him that he belongs in the team. He responds by saying that the only way he would get back into it is if it starts winning. Kevin prays to the angels to come and help the team to win some games, so that Jesse would start playing again. The next day, they come. They are headed by Al , the only returning character from Angels in the Outfield. Kevin is the only one who can see them, though. Game after game after game, Westfield keep winning with the angels\' help. Kevin becomes a "lucky charm" for his brother\'s football team, since he can tell Coach Buck  what the angels need. At the same time somewhere else, Jesse begins to associate with some really bad people. At one point in the film, he distracts a window washer at the gas station as his "shady" friends rob the cash registers. After Jesse pays him, he leaves his wallet behind. The station attendant picks it up and has the police visit the Harpers\' home. The championship game is the following day, and Coach Buck asks Jesse if he could possibly come back to the team and play. He accepts, since now he has confidence that they can win. The climax of this film comes on the day of the championship game, coincidentally between the Westfield Angels and the Screaming Demons. However, Kevin is facing a slight predicament, because there is a sort of "heavenly law" that angels can\'t help in championship games. In the end, he motivates the team by spontaneously flapping his arms like an angel. Soon, the entire football field is filled with people doing the same thing. The film ends when Westfield wins the game and the spirit of Peter appears to Jesse after he wins.'] ['Margaret Hall  and her family live a seemingly upper middle class life in Tahoe City, California. Her husband is a pilot on the aircraft carrier USS Constellation. She is startled to discover that her son Beau , a high school senior, has been having a sexual affair with 30 year-old Reno, Nevada night club owner Darby Reese . Margaret visits Reese\'s nightclub, The Deep End, to demand that he stay away from her son. That night, Reese secretly visits Beau and the two meet in the boathouse. Beau confronts him about asking his mother for money. The two argue, eventually coming to blows. As Beau returns to the house, Reese leans on a railing, causing it to collapse, and falls into the water, impaling himself on an anchor. The next morning, Margaret discovers Reese\'s body on the beach. Margaret removes the body and dumps it in a cove but it is soon discovered and the police investigate it as a homicide. Soon after, a man named Alek Spera  confronts Margaret with a tape of Darby and Beau having sex. Alek demands $50,000 in 24 hours or he will turn the tape over to the police, which would implicate Beau in Reese\'s "murder". Margaret struggles unsuccessfully to get the money. Alek calls Margaret the next day and tells her that she needs to get only $25,000 but Alek\'s partner, Nagle is convinced she is lying about not being able to raise the money. Nagle corners and beats Margaret but Alek arrives and the two men scuffle, and Alek strangles Nagle. Margaret attempts to take responsibility for Nagle\'s death, but Alek takes the body away in Nagle\'s car. As Margaret and her son drive looking for Nagle\'s car, they see it overturned in a ditch. Margaret attempts to free Alek, who is critically injured. Alek pleads with her to leave before the police arrive. Margaret stays until Alek dies. Back at home, Margaret, in a state of distress, is comforted by Beau. The camera then pulls back, as the scene shifts to the exterior of the house, the audience hears another phone call coming in from the absent husband, which Beau\'s sister answers. The Halls\' normal life resumes.'] ['Jonathan Foer,  a young American Jew, goes on a quest to find the woman, Augustina, who saved his grandfather during the Holocaust in a small Ukrainian town called Trachimbrod that was wiped off the map when the Nazis liquidated Eastern European shtetls. His guides are a cranky, anti-semitic grandfather ; his deranged Border collie named Sammy Davis Jr. Jr.; and his over-enthusiastic grandson, Alex , whose fractured command of English, passion for American pop culture, and constant chatter threaten to make the worst of every situation. But what starts out as the tour from hell turns into a meaningful journey, with an unexpected series of revelations that will change all of their lives.Overview and Movie Review New York Times.'] ["Clara's mother  is on her death bed as she tells her daughter  that she regrets they are not closer. This revelation causes Clara to pursue a closer relationship with her own daughter, Bianca ."] ['Hans, an ordinary but likable man, returns home after spending several years in the French Foreign Legion. He is berated by his mother . Hans works as a fruit peddler, calling out his products and diligently making his rounds through the residential streets. Short and stocky, he is married to the slim and taller Irmgard, who helps him with his work. They have a small daughter, Renate. One day Hans sells fruit to an attractive married woman in an apartment building. She asks him to deliver the pears in person and invites him in, but he refuses, saying "some other time." The woman is the great love of Hans\'s life since his youth. When the suspicious Irmgard questions why it took so long, he escapes her incessant complaints by abandoning his cart and going into a nearby bar. Soon, the sad ritual of his empty existence emerges: arguing with his wife, drinking excessively, lamenting lost personal and professional opportunities. While in the bar, Hans gets sentimental about his golden days as a policeman. In a flashback, he recalls how one day he brought a prostitute to the police station to take a statement, but she lured him into having oral sex. Caught by his superior, this incident got him fired. Irmgard appears at the bar to fetch him, but a drunk Hans says he will come home when he wants to. When his wife does not leave fast enough, he throws a chair at her. Finally Hans comes home intoxicated. Irmgard calls him a pig and he beats her up in front of their little daughter. The next morning, Irmgard has disappeared and Hans is desperate. Irmgard, fleeing with Renate, finds support with Hans\' family. His contemptuous bourgeois mother has always disdained Hans, as she favors her obedient married daughter Heidi and tolerates her outspoken college student daughter Anna. When Hans once dreamed of being a mechanic, his mother demanded that he keep on studying and forbid him from taking a job that would get his hands dirty. Irmgard complains to her in-laws that Hans attacked her the night before. Heidi and her husband agree with the mother that Hans has always been good for nothing. Anna is the lone relative sympathetic to him, saying his family has always despised him and never gave him a proper chance. When Hans arrives, he tries to reconcile with his wife, but Irmgard retreats to a corner of the living room screaming in terror while the brother-in-law stands in front of her. The two men struggle while Irmgard phones a lawyer, saying she wants a divorce. When she puts down the receiver, Hans begins to sing his favorite tune: "Buona, buona notte, you can\'t have everything you want.”Then he has a heart attack. While Hans is recuperating in a hospital bed, his wife lets herself be picked up by a man in the street and takes him home to bed. But her little daughter catches them having sex, after which Irmgard sobs incessantly. At the hospital, Hans and his wife reconcile; she promises to stay with him. Once he is back home and as they are about to have sex, Irmgard explains that sometimes she finds him funny because he is much shorter than she is and that she only grew interested in him in the first place because he was so comical. After his heart attack, Hans can neither work nor drink, so Irmgard takes a larger role in the business. No longer able to push the cart around, Hans hires a hard-working and honest assistant, Anzell. He is the same man with whom, unknown to Hans, Irmgard had the brief affair during his hospitalization. Fearing exposure of her indiscretion, she manipulates Anzell into overpricing the produce and afterwards sharing the extra earnings with her. He agrees, but Irmgard knows he will be found out because her husband spies on Anzell when he goes through the courtyards. It happens as planned and Anzell is fired in disgrace, but Hans knows of Irmgard\'s infidelity. While dining with a friend, Hans is reunited with Harry, a close friend from his years in the Foreign Legion who now waits tables, and immediately offers him a job. Soon Hans suggests to his wife that Harry move in with them. She protests, but Hans insists. Harry proves to be an industrious worker who takes the cart through the streets and earns more than Hans did. Irmgard tends a fruit stand while Hans sulks with too much time on his hands. Though Harry\'s professionalism and dedication bring Hans\' business profitability and success, they also render Hans obsolete in his own life, leading him further into isolation and despair. In his depression, Hans revisits the great love of his life. In his youth, he courted her with an armful of red roses, but she turned him down because her parents did not want her to marry a fruit peddler. Though married to someone else, she undresses for casual sex, but he leaves. When Hans visits Anna, his favorite sister, she is busy with her studies and has no time for him. The doctor says large quantities of alcohol would be fatal for Hans because of his bad heart, and in the end, Hans deliberately goes to his regular bar. While drinking, he remembers an incident when he was in the Foreign Legion in Morocco. Captured and tortured by an Arab, he was saved by his comrades at the last minute though he really wanted to die. Like then, Hans no longer wishes to live. At a grand dinner with his wife, Harry and his buddies, Hans downs a few dozen shots of liquor, which promptly kill him on the spot. After the funeral, Harry agrees to stay with Irmgard and takes up the life meant for Hans.'] ["At his son's wedding party, Edward Bloom  tells the same tale he's told many times over the years: on the day Will  was born, he was out catching an enormous uncatchable fish, using his wedding ring as bait. Will is annoyed, explaining to his wife Joséphine  that because his father never told the straight truth about anything, he felt unable to trust him. He is troubled to think that he might have a similarly difficult relationship with his future children. Will's relationship with his father becomes so strained that they do not talk for three years. But when his father's health starts to fail, Will and the now pregnant Joséphine return to Alabama. On the plane, Will recalls his father's tale of how he braved a swamp as a child, and met a witch  who showed him his death in her glass eye. With this knowledge, Edward knew there were no odds he could not face. Edward continues telling tall tales, claiming he spent three years confined to a bed as a child because his body was growing too fast. He became a successful sports player, but found the town of Ashton too small for his ambition, and set off with the misunderstood giant Karl . Edward discovers the hidden town of Spectre, where everyone is friendly to the point of comfortably walking around barefoot. Edward leaves because he does not want to settle anywhere yet, but promises to a young girl named Jenny  that he will return. Karl and Edward begin working at a circus; Edward works without pay, as he has been promised by the ringmaster Amos Calloway  that each month he will learn something new about a girl he fell in love with . Three years later, having only learned trivia about her, Edward discovers Amos is a werewolf. In return for his refusal to harm him in his monstrous state, Amos tells Edward the girl's name is Sandra Templeton  and she studies at Auburn University. Edward learns Sandra is engaged to Don Price , whom Edward always overshadowed during his days in Ashton. Sandra makes Edward promise not to fight Don. Don beats Edward up when he learns about his feelings for her, but this only disgusts Sandra into ending their engagement and falling for Edward. Edward later reveals that Don died from a heart attack on the toilet bowl at an early age . During his recovery, Edward is conscripted by the army and sent to the Korean War. He parachutes into the middle of a show entertaining North Korean troops, steals important documents, and convinces Siamese twin dancers Ping and Jing to help him get back to the United States, where he will make them stars. He is unable to contact anyone on his journey home, and the military declares him dead. This limits Edward's job options when he does return home, so he becomes a traveling salesman. Meeting the poet Norther Winslow from Spectre again, he unwittingly helps him rob a bank, which is already bankrupt. Edward suggests Winslow work at Wall Street, and Winslow thanks Edward for his advice by sending him $10,000, which he uses to buy a dream house. Still unimpressed by his father's stories, Will demands to know the truth, but Edward explains that is who he is: a storyteller. Will finds Spectre, and meets an older Jenny , who explains that Edward rescued the town from bankruptcy by buying it at an auction and rebuilding it with financial help from many of his previous acquaintances. Will suggests his father had been having an affair with Jenny, to which she replies that while she had indeed fallen in love with him, Edward could never love any woman other than Sandra. When Will returns home, he is informed his father had a stroke and is at the hospital. He goes to visit him there and finds him only partly conscious, and unable to speak at length. Since Edward can no longer tell stories, he asks Will to tell him the story of how it all ends: escaping from the hospital, they go to the river where everyone in Edward's life appears to bid him goodbye. Will carries his father into the river where he becomes what he always had been: a very big fish. Edward then dies, knowing his son finally understands his love of storytelling. At the funeral, Will sees many of his father's more unusual friends, including Amos, Karl, Ping and Jing, and Norther Winslow. Will realizes that his father's stories were true, only exaggerated, making Karl a giant  and making Ping and Jing conjoined when they are merely twins. When his own son is born, Will passes on his father's stories, remarking that his father became his stories, allowing him to live forever."] ["Indu  and DK  have a happy marriage and two daughters &mdash; Pinky and Minni. The tranquility of their life is shattered when DK receives word that he has a son from a short-term affair with Bhavana  during his visit to Nainital when his wife Indu was about to give birth to their first child Pinky. Bhavana did not tell DK about this since she did not want to disturb his life. Now that she is dead, her guardian Masterji sends word to DK in Delhi saying that the boy, Rahul , who is eight years old, needs a home. Despite the objections of Indu, who is devastated to learn of her husband's infedility, the boy comes to stay with them in Delhi for some time. Rahul is never told that DK is his father. Rahul bonds with DK and his daughters. But Indu can't bear to look at him, who is a tangible reminder of DK's betrayal. DK, worried by the effect that Rahul is having on his family, decides to put him in a boarding school in St. Joseph's College, Nainital; Rahul accepts with reluctance. After gaining admission at the school and returning to Delhi before his permanent move to Nainital, Rahul figures out that DK is his father and runs away from home. After he is escorted home by a police officer, Rahul confesses his awareness of the identity of his father to Indu. Indu is unable to bear the heartbreak of the young child and intercepts Rahul before he is put onto the train to Nainital, thereby accepting him into the family and wholeheartedly forgiving DK."] ["Fonda plays Ulee  Jackson, a Vietnam vet, widower and grandfather. He is a beekeeper by profession, who raises two granddaughters  because his son  is in prison and his daughter-in-law Helen , a drug addict, has run away. The son implores him to look for his wife and bring her home. Upon returning home with Helen, Ulee's granddaughters see their mother going through withdrawal, and plead with their neighbor Connie  to help her. Connie is a twice-divorced nurse who assists Ulee in getting his daughter-in-law through detox. The film shows Ulee holding the family together and attempting to protect them from two young criminals, associates of his son, who come looking for a hidden stash of cash."] ['Norma Rae Webster is a minimum-wage worker in a cotton mill that has taken too much of a toll on the health of her family for her to ignore her Dickensian working conditions. After hearing a speech by New York union organizer Reuben Warshowsky, Norma Rae decides to join the effort to unionize her shop. This causes conflict at home when Norma Rae\'s husband Sonny says she\'s not spending enough time in the home. Despite the pressure brought to bear by management, when confronted, Norma Rae takes a piece of cardboard, writes the word "UNION", stands on her worktable, and slowly turns to show the sign around the room. One by one, other workers stop their mill machines, and eventually, the entire room becomes silent, after all machines have been switched off. Norma Rae then successfully orchestrates an election to unionize the factory, resulting in victory for the union. The story is based on Crystal Lee Sutton\'s life as a textile worker in Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina, where the battle for the workers union took place against a J.P Stevens Textile mill. Her actual protest, in the mill, is the scene in the film where she writes the sign "UNION" and stands on her worktable until all machines are silent. Although Sutton was fired from her job, the mill became unionized, and she later went to work as an organizer for the textile union.'] ["Emily Lindstrom , an aspiring 14-year-old violinist, spends her summer practicing for an audition to get into the InterMountain Youth Symphony Orchestra  while her two best friends, Laurel and Jenny, go off to camp. She also runs a secret-keeping business, in which other children give her fifty cents to tell her a secret, which she promises to keep; this is a talent that she is normally very good at. Meanwhile, her parents are expecting another child and seem to care more about it than Emily. New neighbors move in next door, including Philip . During the move, he accidentally breaks a valued chess piece and is caught by Emily as he attempts to bury it in the front garden. He pays her fifty cents to keep his deed a secret, and to hide the piece in her treasure trunk . When Philip decides to join Emily in an afternoon tea session using her family's expensive china, they accidentally break two of the teacups. Emily is faced with the challenge of keeping her own secret and having someone else know about it. Meanwhile, as Philip begins falling for her, his brother David  enters the picture. He had been at tennis camp, but was sent back home because he allegedly got drunk and was involved in a car accident. Philip tells her this family secret in exchange that she tells him a secret about her greetings with her friends. She starts getting upset, and says that a person who drinks and drives will do it again, before storming off. She then starts to lose her secret-keeping talent as she falls for David. He also begins falling for her, which makes Philip jealous. During her mother's baby shower, David tries to talk to Emily, and she reveals that she knows how he was expelled from tennis camp. After, she goes to get her violin from the roof and tumbles to the ground, necessitating a trip to the hospital. While she is there, her mother gives birth to her sister Grace. Everyone is by Emily's hospital bed except David, who is eavesdropping behind the curtain. Her friends ask if her sister looks like she did when she was a baby, and she reveals that she is adopted. Her birth parents were killed while driving in a car when she was 10 months old after being struck by a drunk driver, and she considers it a miracle that she lived. The driver spent one year in prison and barely a month after being released, crashed into someone else's car and killed himself. Upon hearing this, David feels very guilty and understands why she despises him so much. After she is released from the hospital, she and Philip return all of the paper bags to her clients. To thank him, she kisses him on the cheek. Then David appears, and she kisses him on the lips."] ["On a cold afternoon, with snow on the ground, a high school band is practicing for the last football game, when they hear gunshots. The film abruptly flashes back to a few weeks before, to a Chinese restaurant where a high school boy named Arthur buses tables, and his ex-babysitter, Annie, and her best friend, Barb, are waitresses. Arthur, who's a bit of a misfit, has a troubled home life caused by his constantly clashing parents, both of whom often forget about him. Annie's life isn't faring much better: she's now a single mother with an ill mother, separated from her husband, Glenn, who's on the wagon and becoming a born-again Christian in order to prove that he is responsible enough to spend time with their young daughter, Tara. Depressed and lonely, Annie is having an affair with Barb's husband, Nate, which eventually serves to only make her unhappier, as she feels great guilt over betraying her best friend. Desperate to prove himself and still harboring feelings for his estranged wife , Glenn gets a new job and spends as much time as possible with Tara. Meanwhile, Arthur finds himself growing close to Lila, a new student at the high school who has a knack for photography. The film focuses heavily on how people's lives can cross in a small town, especially when Tara wanders out of the house and goes missing while Annie, having just lost her best friend over the affair, is sleeping. The whole town spends hours desperately searching for Tara, before Arthur finds her body while smoking pot with his friend. To Annie's horror, Tara fell into the lake while playing and drowned when the water froze over. This turn of events leads to Glenn having a complete breakdown, which results in his murder of Annie and subsequent suicide."] ["Finding a curiously silent young runaway boy  whose head has been completely shaved, small-town police call in a psychologist  and discover that he is a war orphan named Peter Frye. Moving in with an understanding retired actor named Gramps , Peter starts attending school and generally begins living the life of a normal boy until his class gets involved with trying to help war orphans in Europe and Asia. Peter soon realizes that—like the children on the posters, whose images haunt him—he, too, is a war orphan. The realization about his parents and the work helping the orphans makes Peter turn very serious, and he is further troubled when he overhears the adults around him talking about the world preparing for another war. The next day, after having a bath, Peter is drying his hair with a towel when, to his astonishment, he sees that his hair has turned green, prompting him to run away after being taunted by the townspeople and his peers. Suddenly, appearing before him in a lonely part of the woods are the orphaned children whose pictures he saw on the posters. They tell him that he is a war orphan, but that with his green hair he can make a difference and must tell people that war is dangerous for children. He leaves determined to deliver his message to any and all. Upon his return, the townspeople chase Peter, and even Gramps tries to encourage him to consider shaving his hair so that it might grow back normally. He agrees to get his head shaved, and the town barber does the job—that night, however, Peter runs away. Later reunited with Gramps, Peter learns that there are adults out there who accept what he has to say and want him to go on saying it. He's sure that his hair will grow back in green again, and he will continue to carry his message."] ['Emotionally uprooted after the recent death of her husband, Esther Kern  is trying to return to normal life after completing her shiva—a weeklong period of family mourning mandated in the Jewish religion.Wilson, Ken. "Austinite returns from Cannes Film Festival". KEYE-TV. June 7, 2009. Mrs. Kern\'s children—a successful ophthalmologist and the wife of a busy businessman—have long since moved away to start families of their own, setting aside the traditions of the Jewish faith which she so cherishes for the concerns of daily life. Tentatively embarking upon her reentry into the world, Mrs. Kern is visited by a cable repairman , who has come to her house to fix a problem with her reception. Deprived of her lifetime role as both wife and mother, she tries to forge an emotional connection with this stranger—telling stories about her family and bringing him cake and coffee—all in an effort to fill the void left by her recent loss. But unsure of what to make of this unexpected situation, the repairman is at once taken aback and drawn in by the residue of the tragedy that lingers in the home."Austin, Texas Writer / Director Craig Whitney Talks About His Short Film “Harvest Home” and His Journey To the Cannes Film Festival". Shortfilmtexas.com. Retrieved on 2009-07-20.'] ["A former All-American basketball player lands a job as assistant coach for a three-time championship girls' high school basketball team. After the head coach has a heart attack, she takes over and clashes with several parents who push their daughters to win at all costs. *Terry Farrell ... Laura Mosbach *Adrian Pasdar ... Eric Harrison *Sumela Kay ... Carly Harrison *Sherry Miller ... Jennifer Blackstone *Barry Flatman ... Jerry Blackstone *Lawrence Dane ... Coach Tom Holliday *Josh Buckle ... Zack Mosbach *Amy Rutherford ... Danielle Blackstone *Courtney Hawkrigg ... Sheryl Baines *Courtenay Betts ... Amy Fulton *Serena Lee ... Marcy Houston *Jamie Robinson ... Reggie Williams *Taylor Abrahamse ... Robert Blackstone *Bill Lake ... Joe Fulton *Phillip Jarrett ... Coach Davidson *Michael Falloon ... Streetsville Referee *Beverly Cooper ... Pam Baines  *Ron Gabriel ... Eric's Lawyer *Mishu Vellani ... Prosecutor *David Clement ... Judge *Tony Meyler ... School Board Member *Ola Sturik ... TV Sportscaster *Kathryn Long ... Tiger Captain"] ['Down on his luck horse trainer Lloyd Bourdelle  risks it all on a two-year-old colt at the All American Futurity at Ruidoso Downs in New Mexico.'] ['The film tells the story of a young boy, Miles Caraday , a jazz piano prodigy who has Tourette syndrome, and his divorced mother Laura Caraday .The Tic Code  - Plot summary. ImDb.com. Retrieved on 2008-06-30. Miles becomes friends with a jazz saxophonist, Tyrone Pike  at a local nightspot, who also has Tourette\'s, but who has learned to cover it up.Thomas, Kevin. "The Tic Code - Entertainment, Gregory Hines, Fairfield County". The Baltimore Sun, 2000-08-03. Retrieved on 2008-06-30. In the film, Tyrone tells Denny Harley who bullies Miles that the reason they both tic is— Tyrone: [...] because we both know the code. Denny: [...] Code, what code? Tyrone: [...] \'the tic code\'. Denny: So you and Miles made this whole thing up? Tyrone: No, the C.I.A. did; a lot of people know about it now.'] ['Melinda , the eleven-year-old daughter of sour parents , finds interest in small things: a spun silver spiderweb, her box of treasures, and an afternoon at Silver Lake on her "day of days". Melinda\'s often known as a "silly goose" by her best friend, Alice Wasser . As the movie progresses, Melinda experiences ageless comforts and pains. Eliot Bradley , a waylaid college professors enters her life along with a warmhearted waitress , who introduces Melinda to the blues and Coca-Cola. And she receives her first explorative attention from a teasing boy named Stuart Wasser  Escalating tragedy, the death of her beloved Aunt Calla , is climaxed by her father\'s eruption into angry drunkenness, shattering Melinda\'s innocence forever and sending her fleeing into the night. The ultimate triumph of Melinda\'s spirit culminates when at year\'s end she once again visits her treasure box with bittersweet memories.'] ["Slimane Beiji  is the divorced head of a Franco-Arabic family. As he is being forced out of his job at the local shipyard, he interacts in a series of extended vignettes with various members of his extended family including his ex-wife, his sons and daughters, their husbands and wives, and his grandchildren. Determined to leave a legacy for his beloved family, and encouraged by his long-term partner's daughter, Rym,  he pursues his dream of converting a dilapidated boat into a family restaurant that will specialise in his ex-wife's fish couscous, a meal that she prepares for the entire family every Sunday. With Rym's enthusiastic help, Slimane applies for the relevant licences and loans, but soon finds himself knee-deep in bureaucratic red tape. Undaunted, Slimane enlists his sons to help with the renovation and arranges an opening gala of a large dinner party, to which he invites the many bureaucrats on whose decision the fate of the project rests, in an attempt to demonstrate the viability of the enterprise. On the night in question attendance is high, although notable by her absence is his long-term partner, Latifa. Insulted and threatened by the involvement of Slimane's ex-wife in the project, the restaurant's cook and creator of the pivotal fish couscous, Latifa refuses to leave her hotel. Rym pleads with her to attend, encouraging her to use the opportunity to flaunt her comparative youth and beauty in front of Slimane's ex-wife, and eventually she concedes. Having prepared the couscous, fish, vegetables and sauce in large metal cauldrons, Slimane's ex-wife sends the food to the boat with her sons and leaves her apartment to find a 'poor man' so that she can donate a plate of food that she habitually reserves for the less fortunate. At the restaurant, the sons unload the metal cauldrons and the women serve wine and appetisers to the waiting guests. The guests, talking amongst themselves, begin to speak both positively and anxiously about the likely success of the restaurant, now concerned that it may draw custom away from the other restaurants in the area. Slimane's son Majid, whilst surveying the crowd, notices a bureaucrat's wife with whom he has had several illicit sexual liaisons and decides to leave quietly. He instructs his brother to tell the rest of the family that he has gone to help a friend who has broken down on the highway. The women start to heat up the food when they notice the absence of the couscous. Panic mounts when they discover that it is definitively absent and Majid, who has taken the car that still holds the metal cauldron in the trunk, is not answering his phone. Knowing that it will take at least another hour to cook a new batch, they continue to frantically call Majid and attempt to call Souad, who is out searching for an unfortunate in need of plate of couscous. Slimane takes his motorbike out to Souad's apartment building to find her. In the dining room the guests, despite the attempts of the women to placate them with assurances and date liqueur, become extremely restless. Their comments turn nasty and they turn on the waitressing girls. When he cannot find his ex-wife, Slimane leaves the apartment building to find his motorbike stolen. The culprits, three young boys, sit atop the stolen bike on the other side of the river, mocking him. He runs after them, but every time they stop to mock him they move on before he can catch up to them. Tensions in the dining room reach a peak and Rym decides to step in. She whispers to the musicians, and suddenly the music stops and the lights go out. When they come back on, Rym stands before the assembled diners in a red belly-dancing outfit. The musicians play for her and she entrances the guests with a fervent performance, charged with youthful, sexual energy. Latifa uses the opportunity to slip off the boat and return to the hotel to start a new pot of couscous. As Rym dances and sweats, her mother walks up the gangplank with a new cauldron of couscous, whilst Slimane continues to chase the youths around the apartment building. Finally he collapses to his knees, slumped on the asphalt."] ['It is the portrait of a bourgeois Italian family seen through the eyes of Carlo, an old retired professor who is the last patriarch of his family. The memoirs of Carlo characterizes the entire film, from the time of the Belle Epoque until the eighties, through two world wars, the economic boom, love, friendship and all the events which constitute human life. All without changing their place of action: the film unfolds all around the apartment bought by the grandfather of Carlo. The family and its dynastic succession and with his habits.'] ["Canadian Arnold Boult and his wife Evelyn are celebrating the first birthday of their son Edward with their friend, physician Larry Woodhope, in their London home shortly after World War I. Arnold is about to embark upon a new career in finance with Harry Simpkin, who has been released from prison after serving time on fraud charges. Five years later, Edward is diagnosed with a serious illness requiring a costly operation abroad. With his retail credit business doing poorly, Boult decides to burn down the building in order to finance the surgery with the insurance money. Despite reservations about his partner's scheme, Harry goes along with the plan. As the years pass, Boult evolves into a wealthy, titled financier who will do anything to protect his son. When Edward is threatened with expulsion from his prep school, Lord Boult assumes its mortgage. Time passes, and Evelyn confides in Larry her concern that Edward drinks too much and appears to have no sense of morality. Larry strongly suggests that something be done to control Edward, but Lord Boult feels the young man can do no wrong. Having served another sentence for fraud, Harry comes to Boult and asks for a job. When he is put off, Harry commits suicide by leaping from the roof of his former partner's office building. When the police investigate, Boult's secretary Eileen Perrin lies that Harry did not come to the office that day. She and Boult become lovers. A year later, during a tryst in Eileen's apartment, the two discover they are being observed by a detective working for Evelyn's attorney. Anxious to avoid scandal, Boult breaks up with Eileen, who later kills herself with an overdose of pills. Boult departs for Switzerland to see his wife and Edward. Evelyn threatens to expose him so their son will see his true nature, but in return Boult promises he will destroy Larry, who loves her, unless she remains silent. Evelyn acquiesces. As the years pass, she becomes increasingly unhappy and begins to drink heavily. Edward also has become an alcoholic and is engaged to socialite Phyllis Mayden, although young Betty Foxley, who is pregnant with Edward's child, believes he will marry her. Boult subtly suggests Larry abort the child, but the doctor refuses and offers Betty medical and financial assistance instead. Edward, serving as a Royal Air Force pilot during World War II, crashes his plane while stunting and is killed along with his crew. Lord Boult, now a widower, beseeches Larry to tell him the whereabouts of Betty and her child. Larry refuses, leaving his obsessed old friend determined to do whatever is necessary to find his grandchild."] ["Rohit has an over-protective businessman father. Every decision in Rohit's life is taken by his father. This causes Rohit frustration. He halfheartedly agrees to become engaged to a rich man's daughter, but then falls for a middle-class young woman called Natalie . The film focuses on Rohit's realization that he has to come out of his father's protective shell - and try to succeed in love. Rohit also finally decides to speak to his father that, for once, he would like to do what his heart desires."] ["Cliff Starkey , is a rebellious young bowls player. His dream is to play for his country, but always preferred to play by his own rules, much to the disapproval of the local bowls club. After winning the local bowling competition he is subsequently banned from competing in the sport for fifteen years by the head of the local lawn bowls association, Ray Speight , for writing an expletive on an opponent's scorecard. Picked up by sports agent Rick Schwartz , Starkey is re-branded as the 'bad boy of bowls', turning the normally sedate sport into a glitzy, in-your-face competition. He and Speight take on Australia's unbeaten Doohan brothers in 'The Ashes'; a one-off tournament in a custom made bowls arena in Torquay. They make a remarkable comeback thanks to Speight's experience and Starkey's extravagance, while Cliff also bends the rules to the maximum to force the game into extra time, much to the disbelief of Carl and Mark Doohan. During the last interval, Starkey and Speight retrieve the black balls  from the beach and return to the stadium. Starkey's confidence, Speight's concentration and the power of the black balls beat the Doohan brothers in a brilliant finale. Although the plot is fictional, the central character of Cliff Starkey is based on real-life bowls player Griff Sanders. On the BBC Two series Comedy Map of Britain, broadcast 3 February 2007, Sanders joked that Kaye was 'not good-looking enough' to play him, and that his performance was 'crap', while Kaye claimed that Sanders was 'annoying' and had been banned from attending the filming because he irritated everyone on set. The film also spoofed Bjørge Lillelien's infamous commentary from Norway's 2-1 defeat of England at football in 1981. This was first spoofed on David Baddiel and Frank Skinner's Fantasy Football League programme, and was spoofed by the commentator on the England-Australia climax in the film. Incidentally, the other commentator for the match was Angus Loughran, who played 'Statto' on Fantasy Football. Blackball was filmed on the Isle of Man and Torquay during October and November 2002."] ['Booky  tries to bring her family the best Christmas possible, despite hard times during the Great Depression of the 1930s when her dad  loses his job. She gets help from her mum  and a department store owner .'] ['Jin is a bright young girl who lives with her mother and younger sister, Bin. She does well in school but is sometimes distracted from her family duties and occasionally wets the bed. One day she comes home to discover people removing the furniture from the family apartment. Her mother takes her and Bin to stay with "Big Aunt", their paternal aunt, who lives outside the city. The girls\' mother leaves them a piggy bank and tells them that their aunt will give them change for their good behavior, and when it is full she will come back. Jin is deeply hurt by the disappearance of her mother, crying frequently and often not eating, while younger sister Bin seems to be less affected by her absence. Bin befriends a neighborhood boy with Down syndrome whose kind mother gives them treats and seems somewhat concerned for them. It is quickly made apparent that Big Aunt is an alcoholic and doesn\'t really want the responsibility of the children. She often passes out or is too hung over to cook, forcing the girls to take care of themselves. When another neighborhood boy gives Bin roasted grasshoppers, the girls get the idea to cook their own as a means of making money to fill up their piggy bank. Although this is at first profitable, as summer wanes so do the grasshoppers. Bin gets the idea to make change from their greater-valued coins, which quickly fills up the bank. They try to call their mother on a young man\'s cell phone but discover the number is out of service. Nevertheless they wait for their mother at the bus stop where they last saw her, but she never appears. Big Aunt reveals that she received a letter from their mother, who reveals she has not had much luck with their father and that, in any case, she is unable to support the children. She suggests to Big Aunt that they go stay with at their maternal grandparents\' farm. When they arrive, the girls\' grandfather is very angry that Big Aunt is burdening them with the children. Their grandmother, on the other hand, immediately welcomes them and they become immersed in their aging grandparents\' humble but busy lives. The girls ask their grandmother if she will buy them winter shoes, and then realize that her own shoes are falling apart. They decide to give her their piggy bank so that she can buy new shoes for herself. Although both girls lost faith in their mother after her non-appearance, Jin and Bin pinky swear that their mother will come back for them.'] ["Set in the summer of 2000, Mona , a young Druze woman living at Majdal Shams in the Golan Heights, is about to marry a successful Syrian actor. Following the hostilities between Israel and Syria there is now the demilitarised UNDOF zone between occupied Golan and Syria observed by United Nations staff. Crossing of the zone is extremely rare as it is only granted by both sides under special circumstances. It has taken 6 months to obtain permission from the Israeli administration for Mona to leave the Golan. When Mona crosses she will not be able to return to her family on the Golan even to visit. Mona is a bit hesitant also because she doesn't know her husband-to-be. Her father Hammed  openly supports the reunification with Syria and has just been released on bail from an Israeli prison. For this personal sacrifice he is respected by the elders of the village — yet when there is word that his son Hattem  who has married Evelyna , a Russian doctor, breaking with Druze tradition, is returning to see his sister off, they make it clear to the father that they will shun him too if he allows Hattem to come to the wedding. Mona's sister Amal  is unhappily married and has two daughters who are almost grown up. She is considered a somewhat free spirit as she and her daughters wear trousers. Now she is even considering training as a social worker. Her elder daughter wants to marry the son of a pro-Israeli villager. Amal's husband feels put in an awkward position, as tradition demands that the male head of the family controls the other members of the family to act in a socially acceptable manner. Amal is seen advising her daughter not to give up her studies irrespective of whatever pressures she may face from the family or society. This gives insight into Amal's persona. The second brother, Marwan , is a shady merchant doing deals in Italy and obviously a womanizer. Yet nobody seems to object to his slightly unsettled lifestyle — quite a contrast to his brother who is only greeted by his mother and siblings. Then, after the wedding feast, the bride is escorted to the border where her emigration runs into trouble, as the Israeli government has just decided to stamp the passports of Golan residents bound for Syria as leaving Israel. The Syrian officials still regard the Golan as part of Syria under foreign occupation, and a stamp like that is viewed as an underhanded ploy by the Israelis to force the Syrian side to implicitly acknowledge the annexation.  So the UN liaison officer Jeanne goes back and forth until the Israeli official who put the stamp into the passport in the first place finally agrees to erase it with some correction fluid. Yet just as the problem seems to have been peacefully resolved, the solution is threatened by a change of position on the Syrian side. In the end when it looks as if the wedding will be delayed at least for some days , the bride takes matters into her own hands. In our final view of her, she is walking with energy and determination toward the Syrian border; at the same time Amal walks away from the group with a determined face as if she would shatter the invisible fences which prevent her from pursuing her dreams."] ['Narrated by their friend David , World and Time Enough is the story of Mark  and Joey . Mark is an HIV-positive art student who creates temporary "sculptures" on topics including AIDS, abortion and the Bush economy. Joey works as a garbage collector, picking up trash along the roadways. He sometimes brings home interesting items that he finds on the job. Mark\'s mother was killed when he was a child, in a freak accident in a church when she was crushed by a large falling cross. Since that day, his father has been obsessed with building model cathedrals. Mark and his father are somewhat distant and out of touch and Mark reaches out to him through a series of phone calls, leaving messages on his father\'s answering machine. Unknown to Mark, his father has died alone in his home but hasn\'t yet been discovered. Joey\'s relationship with his adoptive parents is also strained because of his father\'s issues with Joey\'s homosexuality. Although he remains close with his sister, Joey feels the need to seek out his birth parents through the adoption social service agency. Mark discovers his father\'s body and in his grief he assumes his father\'s obsession with cathedral building. Rather than a model, however, Mark begins work on a full-size cathedral in a local open field. Joey learns the identity of his birth parents, but also learns that they have died. He visits their gravesite and says the things there that he would have told them while they were alive. Mark experiences a vision of his father, who tells him that he\'s making a mistake, to go home. Mark feverishly climbs the scaffolding and falls off it to the ground. Joey discovers him there. Later, together, out of the scaffolds, surviving bits of Mark\'s sculptures and the things Joey\'s gathered, they build their own "cathedral."'] ['The film is a drama about a Scotch-Irish American Southerner  named Earl Pilcher, whose late mother makes a shocking revelation in a letter that is given to him after her death. She reveals that Earl\'s biological mother was an Black American maid named Willa Mae, who was raped by Earl\'s  father and that she died while giving birth to Earl. His adoptive mother\'s dying wish is that he go to Chicago to meet his half-brother, Raymond Murdoch . Ray blames Earl\'s father for his own mother\'s death and does not want to speak to Earl, whose very presence reminds Ray of the past. But his loving Aunt T.  welcomes Earl and insists the family accept him. Earl initially takes the unexpected news of his mixed parentage badly, tearfully challenging his father to confirm the facts in the letter. As a result, he packs up his clothes and takes off for Chicago to find his brother. He meets Ray at city hall  and Ray, although he really wants nothing to do with Earl, agrees to meet him for lunch at a diner. There Ray reveals that he knew all along that he had a half white brother and that he hates Earl\'s father  because he feels that he is what killed his mother. He says in so many words that he doesn\'t want or need a brother, and they go their separate ways. But when Earl leaves and drives off in his truck he encounters four black Chicago street toughs who rear end his truck. When Earl gets out to survey the  damage, he, being a trusting Southern "good ol\' boy", leaves his keys in the ignition. The toughs beat him up and steal his truck and his wallet. He walks around in a daze and ends up in a hospital. The hospital staff finds Ray\'s information in Earl\'s pocket and calls Ray. He comes reluctantly, and the doctor tells him that Earl may have a concussion and needs to take it easy for a couple of days; no traveling is allowed. She also tells him that the hospital is full, so he will have to take Earl home to recuperate. At Ray\'s home, Earl meets Aunt T , a kind and generous elderly woman who is blind. Aunt T. is Willa Mae\'s sister, and thus, Earl\'s aunt. Earl also meets Ray\'s son, Virgil , a city bus driver who doesn\'t appreciate a white southerner sleeping in his bed. At first, Earl\'s stay at the Murdoch residence is rocky. Ray explains that Earl is an old war buddy whose life he saved. During a shopping excursion with Earl, Aunt T reveals that she knows who Earl really is. In a powerful scene, Aunt T scolds Ray and Virgil for not welcoming a member of their family, no matter how different he is. Earl overhears the discussion and leaves Ray\'s house, walking unknowingly into a bad part of town. Ray gives in to Aunt T\'s request that he welcome Earl into their house and he quickly locates him on a nearby street. Earl obstinately refuses to come back with Ray, knowing he is not wanted. The two argue and Earl uses the word "nigger" to punctuate his disdain for Ray, seeing too late that he has gone too far. Angry at Earl\'s callous words, Ray tells Earl to stay away from him, and he heads back home. Meanwhile, Earl wanders Chicago and gets drunk at a Chicago bar, where he is tossed out for bothering a black family. He ends up sleeping under a bridge. The next day, Ray has cooled down and, again on Aunt T.\'s wishes, manages to find Earl, who apologizes for his words and rude behavior. The two begin to settle their differences. As Virgil\'s estranged wife , and their two daughters, visit, Earl learns that Virgil had a promising career in football that was shattered by an injury in college. Virgil cannot cope with the missed opportunities caused by his injury; and, the resulting bitterness has hurt his relationship with his family. Ray and Earl bond together more as they find similarities between them. Both served in the military  during the Korean War, where they received lifelong scars. Ray reveals he once threw a rock at Earl that could have killed him when they were both very young, because of Ray\'s hatred towards Earl\'s father. Later on, in a bar, Earl takes Virgil aside and explains to him that by dwelling on the loss of a his football career, he isn\'t devoting himself to his wife and children in the way he should. Both of them begin to have a grudging respect for the other. Once Earl is ready to go home, and the police unexpectedly find his truck operational , Aunt T. sits Earl and Ray down to tell them the dramatic tale of the night Earl was born and Willa Mae died. According to Aunt T., Willa Mae knew she was likely to die and Earl\'s life was saved only by the quick action of his adoptive mother, Carrie, who brought a white doctor to the shack where Willa Mae and Ray lived to help with the delivery. Aunt T speculates that Carrie and Willa Mae agreed that Earl, who was born with white-appearing features, should be raised by Carrie and his biological father. Aunt T. gives Earl a picture of Willa Mae which he keeps near. Earl begins to accept his new family with pride, and he convinces Ray to return to their Arkansas hometown to find their mother\'s grave. As they share a drink on her tombstone, Earl decides to take Ray to meet his southern family and tell them the unlikely story, ending the movie by joking with Ray that when Earl\'s white nephew finds out he is part black, he will likely shoot the both of them.'] ['{{Anchor}} Seventeen-year-old Izzy Daniels  is a star boxer and the son of a golden-glove champion. His eight year old sister, Karin, is crazy about Double Dutch and Izzy is asked to take Karin and her friends to a Double Dutch competition, where Mary and her team are entering. Izzy has often seen them Double Dutch and is always bothering them, but during the competition he acts out of character, standing and cheering along with everyone else, but he doesn\'t after his mother\'s death. Izzy has a complicated relationship with his neighbor Mary . They always bother each other whenever they see each other. Mary is a member of the jump team The Joy Jumpers, who place fourth in the tournament. They make the city finals, but when Yolanda, the fourth member of the team, decides to quit and join their rival team, The Dutch Dragons, they face the prospect of forfeiting the tournament. Izzy, after learning of Yolanda\'s departure, quips "Why, did she finally figure out Double Dutch is lame?" Mary then challenges Izzy to speed jump, and when he does it much better than they expect, they ask him to join the team, but he refuses because of what his friends might think. When the other members of the Joy Jumpers, Keisha and Shauna, ask him to fill in until they find a permanent replacement, he finally relents. His conditions are that they practice before school and in his dad\'s boxing gym, where no one\'s going to watch. Meanwhile, Izzy has a boxing match with Rodney Tyler, the bully, determining who will win the "Golden Gloves", which goes to the best boxer. Izzy beats him, but Rodney doesn\'t accept it. He claims he just got lucky and pushes Izzy for a rematch. Izzy says no, and walks out of the gym. Izzy improves tremendously at Double Dutch, and begins to love the sport. He tells the Joy Jumpers that he\'d like to be on their team permanently, and they happily agree. Izzy and Mary begin to get along better and eventually they fall in love. One night, Mary kisses Izzy, showing him her true feelings. The Next Day, when Rodney finds Izzy jumping Double Dutch before class, he snaps some photos, prints them and hangs them all over the school. He then tells Izzy, "So that\'s why you won\'t give me a rematch! \'Cuz you\'re too busy jumping Double Dutch!" Izzy becomes mad and says he\'ll do the rematch.Izzy gets mad and walks right past Mary. Mary tries to convince him not to quit their team but Izzy coldly ignores her and wants nothing more to do with her and the team. Mary is disappointed in him and she leaves. The only girl boxer, Tammy, understands how Izzy feels. She gives him a pep talk on how she never quit boxing when the guys teased her, and that he shouldn\'t quit either, just because they made fun of him. In the middle of the rematch fight, he tells Rodney that he\'s sick of being mad and that he\'s not going to let his anger control him. He walks out of the match and Rodney runs after him, intent on beating him up. But he trips on the cords surrounding the ring, giving Izzy a chance to get even. Instead, he just walks out. Meanwhile, Mary, Keisha and Shauna meet up for the city finals, but without Izzy, they feel like giving up. Izzy then walks in and asks, "What, were you really gonna start without me?" He apologizes and Mary Jokes around with him ,smiles and then hands him a uniform. They change their name to the Hot Chili Steppers and all is forgiven as the tournament begins. They get first in the compulsory, then second in speed. This ties them with the Dutch Dragons and the freestyle will determine it all. They blew the stage up .The Hot Chili Steppers get first, and go on to the State Championship. After their performance, Izzy notices Rodney in the crowd, and asks him for a truce, which he accepts. Izzy had finally won the respect of his dad Kenneth  and Mary\'s love. The narrator in the story was Rodney, who works as one of the gym teachers teaching boxing to young kids, and often tells them Izzy\'s story as inspiration. He also states to all of the kids that Izzy and Mary are now a couple. The film closes with Izzy teaching his dad to jump rope with the help of his little sister, Mary and the other girls during the end credits, after they celebrate while winning the tournament. The website can be viewed at {{URL}}'] ['Chromophobia comes from the Greek word "chroma", which translates as "color", and "phobos", which translates to "fear". The two form to create a portmanteau which it is assumed means "fear of color". Chromophobia takes a look at several people and relationships. Some of these people are very wealthy and have become so obsessed with their wealth and material objects they are very detached from more important things in life. The things they choose to reject in their pursuit for the finer things in life include friendship, their children, love, and integrity. At one point or another in the movie, each character begins to realize and then face their problems and in a sense their lives come crashing down. The characters then begin to see if they can get their lives back and carry on with a new look.'] ['The Turner family moves from the big city  to the rural countryside in Tazewell County, Virginia, hoping to start a new life. The move creates problems for everyone, especially 13-year old Matt , who feels lost and alone in his new surroundings. But with the help of a stray Collie dog named Lassie that the family takes in, Matt learns to adjust and the two form an unbreakable bond.'] ['Aurora  and Emma Greenway Horton  are mother and daughter, both searching for deep romantic love. Beginning with Emma\'s early childhood, Aurora reveals how difficult and caring she can be by nearly climbing into Emma\'s crib in order to make sure her daughter is breathing—only to be reassured once Emma starts crying . The two have an extremely close love-hate mother/daughter relationship as Emma grows up. The film follows both women across several years as each find their reasons for going on living and finding joy. Emma gets married immediately upon graduating High School in the Houston area, while her best friend Patsy  continues on to college, eventually becoming successful and rich in New York City. Emma has two children that she and her husband, college professor Flap Horton , struggle to support in Des Moines, Iowa, and she later telephones her mother and asks for money when she is pregnant with her third child. Aurora, not knowing by the telephone call that Emma is already several months pregnant, wants Emma to get an abortion. Emma\'s once-passionate marriage to Flap becomes strained, thanks mostly to his philandering, and she finds a lover in small-town, older banker Sam Burns , with whom she eventually has a romantic love affair as well. At the same time, Aurora cultivates the attention of several gentlemen in the area, some rather bizarre, but is attracted to her next door neighbor of fifteen years, the philandering, retired astronaut Garrett Breedlove . Garrett has been drinking heavily for years and partied with very young women at his home. Aurora and Garrett eventually go on a lunch date, make love and develop a tenuous relationship. One scene shows them speeding in his open Corvette convertible along a quiet beach as he recklessly sits on top of the car and steers with his foot. Emma returns to her mother\'s home in Houston after discovering her husband is having an affair with a young grad student named Janice, who attends the same college where Flap teaches. However, Emma\'s appearance along with her three children spooks Garrett, who has been single for a long time. After re-assessing his relationship with Aurora, Garrett breaks up with her, greatly upsetting Aurora. While Emma is in Houston, Flap telephones her and she reluctantly returns home to Iowa, attempting reconciliation with him. Both accept that they have each made mistakes. Emma ends the relationship with Sam after Flap accepts a new teaching position in Kearney, Nebraska. Although she does not want to, Emma agrees to relocate to further Flap\'s career. However, Emma soon discovers that Janice is attending the same college where Flap now works, realizing that Flap followed her to Nebraska. With her daughter in a stroller, Emma confronts Janice before taking her daughter to the doctor\'s office so both can get flu shots. While administering the injection, Emma\'s doctor notices two large lumps under her armpit. Although Emma is only in her 30s, the doctor orders a biopsy and discovers she has a "malignancy." Emma\'s childhood friend Patsy invites her to New York City for her first vacation without her children. However, after arriving, Emma feels out-of-place amongst Patsy\'s friends and returns home early to begin treatment for her illness. Later, her doctor informs her that the drugs she was taking did not "have the desired effect," and that she will not survive her illness. Flap and Aurora remain by her bedside in the hospital for weeks. Although devastated and exhausted, Aurora is still very supportive and loving towards Emma. Garrett flies to Lincoln, Nebraska and surprises Aurora, and the two proclaim their love for each other. After a discussion in the hospital cafeteria between Aurora and Flap, in which Aurora tells him he doesn\'t have the energy for a job, chasing women, and managing a family, Aurora tells Flap she will raise his and Emma\'s children in Houston. Although Patsy, who has no children of her own, wants to adopt Melanie, Flap and Emma do not want their children to be separated. Emma, not wanting Janice to raise her children and Flap, feeling like a failure as both a father and a husband, agree that living with Aurora is best for their children. As Emma\'s time begins to run short, Teddy shows open resentment toward his mother due to circumstances such as social class, fights between his parents, and Teddy\'s perception of feeling unloved. Emma reassures all three children they are loved, and after an altercation with Aurora, Teddy weeps in her arms. Emma dies later that night. Following Emma\'s funeral, Emma and Aurora\'s friends and family gather in Aurora\'s back yard for a wake. Garrett shows love toward each of Emma\'s children and helps Teddy cope during the wake. The film closes on Aurora, sitting next to her grandchild Melanie.'] ['Widowed Classics Professor Thomas Bradley  is about to lose his research grant studying ancient love spells. He knows he is close to a major academic breakthrough and desperately needs more time to complete his research. Thomas is given one last chance to finish his work, and goes to the Greek island of Spetses, where he has been invited to stay at the home of a supportive Oxford don Professor Coulter. Thomas brings along his 12 year-old daughter, Serena . The house is in tolerable condition, and Serena finds a book about mermaids that has an ancient Greek inscription on the cover. Serena is supportive of her father and readily asks him about ancient mythology, but feels that he dedicates too much of himself to his work. The pair meet a fisherman named Captain Mavros  and his son Dimitri ; Dimitri develops a crush on Serena. Neried, who can only gain legs at night, travels on land to meet Thomas. When they initially cannot get along, Serena asks that Neried only help her father translate some old relics for his work. Neried does, and when she and Thomas speak the ancient love spell in unison, they fall in love with each other. Thomas realizes that the writing on the book Serena had discovered earlier is the key to understanding all the ancient text, enabling him to continue his work.'] ["The story revolves around two brothers, Kishen  and Karan , who have spent their childhood growing up alone on the streets of Mumbai. In order for Karan to have a better upbringing and education, Kishen joins Anna Seth . Anna owns an oil factory, but that's a mere prop to cover up his dealings within the underworld. Karan is unaware of the fact that his brother is working for a gang. Inspector Prakash , Karan's best friend, is aware of Anna's gang activities and wants to bring him to justice. Anna knows that Karan and Prakash are best friends, so he sets up the murder of Prakash when Prakash and Karan are supposed to meet after Karan's arrival from America. Karan witnesses the murder of his friend Prakash, who dies in his arms. Karan is devastated with the happenings, and is even more shocked to learn that Kishen is a gangster working for Anna, the man responsible for Prakash's murder. Iqbal, who is friends with Karan, though crippled he keeps all the information of the underworld. This very knowledge is threat to life, since Abdul  is wary of Iqbal. Iqbal briefs Karan about all the internal information of Anna's Gang and his rival gang led by Musa. Determined Karan resolves for revenge. Karan goes to join Anna's gang. Anna wanting to weigh his credibility, locks him with Iqbal and can come out only after killing him. Anna is sure that Karan won't be able to kill Iqbal. Iqbal then shoots himself so that Karan can execute his plan without any guilt. To everyone else's surprise it appears that Karan has killed Iqbal and he becomes a part of Anna's gang. Kishen is very disappointed since he wanted his brother to led a normal life, but is not able to deter Karan from his motives. With the help of Musa, Karan is able to eliminate all the three killers of Prakash. By playing off one gang against the other, he hopes to exterminate both of them at the same time. In a desperate attempt to get Karan away from it all, Kishen gets him married to Paro. But when the couple is brutally killed on their wedding night, Kishen is out for revenge against Anna Seth."] ["The story takes place during a Sunday in the late summer of 1912. Monsieur Ladmiral is a painter without any real genius and in the twilight of his life. Since the death of his wife, he lives alone with Mercedes, his servant. As every Sunday, he invites Gonzaga, his son, a steady young man, who like order and propriety, accompanied by his wife, Marie-Thérèse and their three children, Emile, Lucien and Mireille. That day, Irene, Gonzaga's sister, a young non-conformist, liberated and energetic woman, upsets this peaceful ritual and calls into question her father's artistic choices."] ['The film begins with Finbar "Barry" McMullen  standing at the grave of his recently deceased father, along with his mother, who tells him that she\'s returning to her native Ireland to be with Finbar O\'Shaughnessy , her sweetheart of long ago. She tells Barry that while she gave Barry\'s father 35 of the best years of her life, she\'s going to start living life her way with the man she really loves. While this could be interpreted as disrespect for the memory of the family patriarch, it is later revealed in the movie that he was an alcoholic and abused his family prior to his death. Fast forward five years after the cemetery scene. Barry\'s brother Jack ([[Jack Mulcahy  has purchased their parents\' home and lives in it with his wife Molly, who is pressing Jack to start a family, despite his reluctance. The truth is, Jack is torn between his love for Molly and his lust for Ann, a former romantic interest of Barry\'s. Jack begins an affair with Ann. Meanwhile, Barry and the youngest brother, Pat  ask to temporarily move in with Jack, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pat and Barry, like their brother, are torn between prolonged adolescence and commitment to marriage. Pat plans to break his engagement to Susan, but becomes depressed when she breaks up with him, citing his indecisiveness about their relationship and the problems that could come between two faiths, as Susan is Jewish and Pat is a devout Catholic. Barry shows no interest in a long-term relationship, until he meets Audrey , a woman whom he accuses of "stealing" an apartment that he was trying to rent for himself. Though things do not go well between them at first, they warm up to one another and start a relationship. Molly learns of Jack\'s affair after finding a wrapped condom in his pants as she is cleaning up after him one day. She confronts Jack, but he refuses to discuss it. His brothers also try to intervene, but to no avail. After much pleading, Susan decides to take Pat back. But almost immediately after she does so, Pat decides to end the relationship for good. The reason is Leslie, a girl-next-door type who likes to work on her father\'s car ... a sharp contrast to Susan\'s materialistic personality; Leslie offers Pat nothing more than simple friendship. The friendship develops into something a little more when they decide to head out to California together in a classic car that Leslie has her eye on. Jack, knowing he has to make a choice between his wife and his mistress, finally breaks it off for good with Ann, despite his repeated attempts to do so in the past. Hurt by the rejection that she\'s heard many times before from Jack, Ann tells him to never call her again. He then returns home determined to rebuild his wounded marriage, but not before paying a visit to his father\'s grave, promising  that he will be a better husband to his wife than his father was, pouring a bottle of Irish whiskey over the grave. Barry decides to move in with Audrey and take their relationship to the next level. The movie ends with all three brothers gathering at the family homestead with a newfound belief in love and a desire to not let the ghosts of the past stand in their way.'] ["The film starts as young Kate Barker  is brutalized by others, including her father and older brothers. Skipping forward 35 years, the middle-aged Kate 'Ma' Barker  brutalizes innocent people and robs banks with her four sons; the pragmatic Arthur , the sadistic Herman , the bisexual Fred , and the loyal, drug-addicted Lloyd . It all begins in the late 1920s when Ma leaves her husband, George, and her Arkansas home and embarks on her own with her four sons on a robbery-murder spree to make her own fortune, while keeping them under a tight leash. When Herman and Fred are arrested and imprisoned for petty theft charges, Ma takes over the group and leads Arthur and Lloyd on a bank robbery spree to gain enough money to get her sons out of jail. The gang is joined by a gunman named Kevin  who was Fred's cellmate during his incarceration and his strongly implied lover. The group is also joined by a local prostitute named Mona Gibson, whom Herman frequented before his imprisonment. The gang resorts to more violent action and robberies. While hiding out at a cabin in Kentucky, Lloyd comes across a young woman swimming at a nearby lake whom he sexually assaults. Not wanting the woman to report them to the police, the Barkers hold her captive and Ma eventually kills her by drowning her despite the protests of her sons. Another time later, the gang arrives in Tennessee where they abduct a wealthy businessman named Sam Pendlebury  . Holding him for a $300,000 ransom, the sons, particularly Herman, bond with their captive whom they see as the sympathetic father figure they never had. When Herman and Mona go to collect the ransom, they are chased by a pair of FBI agents and barely escape. When they find that the ransom is only half of what they originally demanded, Ma orders her sons to kill Sam rather than let him go. But none of them can bring themselves to do it and they set him free, lying to Ma about killing him. Next, the gang hides out in Florida Everglades where Lloyd soon dies from a heroin overdose and Mona leaves Herman and the gang after she reveals that she's pregnant and does not want to be around them anymore out of the safety for hers and Herman's unborn child. But Herman and Kevin give away their hiding place one day when a local handyman and caretaker named Moses  witnesses them shooting an alligator out on a lake with a Tommy gun. Moses then calls the police and reports his suspicions. At the climax, several FBI agents and local police arrive at the Barkers' farmhouse hideout and a huge shootout ensues between the authorities and the surviving members of the gang. Kevin, Fred, and Arthur are all killed. Herman commits suicide to prevent himself from being sent to prison again. Ma is the last one to fall."] ['The Numata family consists of the father, Kōsuke ; mother, Chikako ; and two sons, Shinichi  and Shigeyuki . Shigeyuki is a junior high school student who will soon be taking a high school entrance examination. Unlike the high school student brother, Shinichi, who lives up to Kōsuke’s expectations, Shigeyuki’s grades are consistently poor. The white-collar workaholic father finds a private tutor, Yoshimoto , for Shigeyuki and imposes all responsibilities for his exam on the tutor. Even though Yoshimoto is a seventh year student of a third-rate university, Shigeyuki’s marks become better and better.'] ["While escaping from Nazis during WWII, a Jewish man buries two suitcases full of things dear to his heart in the ground. The war deprived him of his family, and afterwards he endlessly turns over the soil of Antwerp to find the suitcases, an obsessive compulsion. He keeps checking old maps and keeps digging, trying to find what he lost. His daughter Chaya is a beautiful modern girl looking for a part-time job. She finds a place as a nanny in the strictly observant hassidic family with many children, although her secular manners clearly fly in the face of their beliefs. One of the reasons she is accepted is that mother of the family is absolutely overburdened by the household, so Chaya stays despite the resistance of the father, who is normally an indisputable authority in the family. She develops a special bond with the youngest of the boys, four-year old Simcha, who seems incapable of speaking. She encourages him to speak while walking in the park, and it appears that, after some coaching from Chaya  during the upcoming Passover Seder, Simcha will be able to chant the section of the Haggadah usually reserved for the youngest speaking participant - the Four Questions. At first, Simcha's nerves prevent him from chanting, and his brothers begin to chant instead. Simcha finally lifts his voice. The entire family, including Chaya, applauds his efforts, but his judgemental father does not recognize this great step, but instead criticizes the boy for a mistake. Chaya confronts the father, and in the process, discovers his own pain as a Holocaust survivor, and begins to understand her own parents' grief. The anti-Semitic superintendent of the building is a constant problem for the entire family and now for Chaya. However, as opposed to the observant Jews, she refuses to be a victim and does not put up with his anti-Semitic tricks. She fights him, thus exciting the children's admiration and father's wrath. Unfortunately, walks with Simcha end in a tragedy: after sneaking to the park, he drowns in the pond, while chasing the ducks he loved so much. Some in the community hold Chaya responsible for his death. However, in a scene where Chaya goes to the family's mourning service, the mother feels compassion for Chaya and realizes that Chaya felt a deep connection with Simcha. As an act of acceptance, his mother rips Chaya's shirt, which is a sign of a mourner  in Jewish tradition. The boy's father finally, albeit silently, acknowledges Chaya's connection with Simcha when she observes the graveside service. Chaya's experience allows her to finally accept her parents' past, and to embrace her own Jewishness. The film is a commentary not only on external  anti-Semitism, but also on the lack of connection and self-acceptance of assimilated Jews."] ['Pete Carlton is a young Montreal boy with terminal cancer. He has a love for butterflies, and often watches entomologist Alan Osborne\'s television show. His mother, Teresa, meets with Osborne, to try to get him to take her son to Costa Rica to find the rare Blue Morpho butterfly. However, he dismisses her, but later comes to their home upon receiving a phone call from Pete saying he would go to Central America himself. The two arrive at a small village when they learn the blue morphos have already migrated. Heartbroken, they prepare to leave, until they find one is still in the jungle. They chase after it several times, but are unable to catch it. Pete is determined to find the "magical" butterfly so his cancer can be cured, which leads to them falling into an underground cavern, injuring Osborne badly. Pete escapes to get help, but it only leads to him being lost, suffering from hallucinations. Osborne is rescued, and as they are leaving to a hospital for Osborne, a friendly villager reveals she has caught the butterfly, giving it to Pete. As he is about to kill it for his collection, he lets it go so it can make more of the magical butterflies. An epilogue shows that at the next visit to the doctor, that Pete\'s cancer had miraculously disappeared.'] ["The plot revolves around a 15-year-old girl named Winnie, who is from a restrictive upper-class family. Winnie one day runs away into the forest and meets a boy named Jesse Tuck, drinking from a spring. She is then kidnapped by Jesse's elder brother. Winnie soon falls in love with Jesse and later learns that the family cannot age or be injured due to drinking water from a magical spring around a hundred years ago. As the search for Winnie continues, the Tucks decide to leave the area and invite Winnie to join them. Winnie is forced to decide whether to drink from the spring and live forever, or live a mortal existence. She decides that despite the love she and Jesse share, her presence will only endanger the Tucks and she chooses to stay behind. After many years, Jesse returns to the tree where the spring used to be, and it is revealed that Winnie chose to never drink from the spring and she lived a long and charitable life."] ["Khushi tells the story of a boy and girl, who are in love, but are kept apart by their inflated egos. Karan  is born in Kolkata, while Khushi  is born in a village in U.P. Karan intends going to Canada for further studies, but, due to an accident, is forced to enroll in the Mumbai University. Khushi's father  believes that she has studied enough and should now marry a boy who is ready to be his ghar-jamai. But Khushi insists on pursuing her education at the Mumbai University. At the University, Karan meets Khushi through common friends. These common friends fall in love with each other and it is up to Karan and Khushi to bring them together. In the process, the two fall in love. But with pride in the way, the two never get to express their love for each other till the time comes to bid goodbye."] ["In hopeless pursuit of happiness, Shing  is a man who desperately attempts to hold on to the dwindling threads of his family. Once a man who had a dream, Shing has become a deadbeat gambler whose marriage is failing with wife Lin . Shing's machoistic ego overrides any reasonable logic for change, which forces Lin to leave Shing repeatedly. After finally managing to escape, Shing is left with nothing but his son, Lok-Yun . Hoping in vain to pay back loansharks, Shing turns to his loving son, Lok-Yun, who has somehow retained his filial loyalty. In his most desperate hour, Shing forces his struggle of survival onto his son, Lok-Yun, through thievery and tests the strength of loyalty and the boundaries of trust in their father-son relationship. With each passing day, the bond of love is threatened with Shing's unrepentant ways."] ['The child of Jewish immigrants, young Morris Goldfish  becomes a big success in business. He moves his family to Park Avenue, but finds they were happier back on the East Side. He changes his name to Maurice Fish, as he becomes more and more ashamed of his family and his origins. In the end he finds that there is more to life than money.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0020613/'] ["Alice Goodwin  is a school nurse who lives with her husband Howard  and two girls on a small dairy farm in Wisconsin. After the death of the daughter of her friend Theresa Collins  on Alice's property, the couple watch helplessly as the community turns against them. To make matters worse, Alice finds herself fighting charges of child abuse."] ['James Garner plays a retired judge and recluse who comes out of "hiding" to investigate when his childhood friend  refuses to accept a Congressional Medal of Honor awarded decades ago in World War II. His reason is kept in confidence and Garner\'s character files a motion to deny the ceremony. Meanwhile, the personal lives of the other characters have issues of their own to work out. In the end of things Cobbs\' character is told of something he didn\'t know about and the two romantic side stories resolve in a positive fashion.'] ['Rachel Wilcox  is an uncontrollable 18 year-old. With her latest car crash, Rachel has broken the final rule in her mother, Lilly\'s , San Francisco home. Lilly hauls her daughter to the one place to which she had sworn she would never return: her own mother\'s house in Idaho. Matriarch Georgia Randall  lives her life by a number of unbreakable rules - God comes first and hard work comes a very close second - and wants anyone who shares her home to do the same. She will make anyone who takes the Lord\'s name in vain wash out their mouths with a bar of soap. Now saddled with raising the young woman, it will require each patient breath she takes to understand Rachel\'s fury. Georgia arranges a job for Rachel as the office girl of Dr. Simon Ward , the local veterinarian, who also unofficially treats people. His two nephews, Sam  and Ethan , are often at Georgia\'s house. Simon does not show interest in Rachel or other women, so she thinks he is gay. However, Simon\'s sister, Paula , reveals that he is still mourning the death of his wife and son who were killed in a car crash. He refuses to have sex with Rachel even when she tries to seduce him, but feels some passion for Lilly, whom he has dated in the past. Rachel performs oral sex on Harlan Wilson , who, not yet being married, was still a virgin because of his LDS  religion. Backed up by a reluctant Rachel, he confesses to his LDS girlfriend, who is shocked. A team of LDS girls starts spying on Harlan to make sure he does not "have sex" again. After a short chase using Harlan\'s truck, Rachel explains to them that what happened was over, and that they can go back to having their summer fun. They agree to do so, only if Rachel goes home. Rachel then threatens them by saying if they have anything to do with her and Harlan again, as in: talk to Harlan, yell at Harlan, call her a name, throw stuff at her, or do anything else that has to do with her, then she will find all of their boyfriends and "fuck them stupid." While trying to make a point to Simon about survival, Rachel bluntly says that her stepfather Arnold  had sex with her from the time she was 12 until she turned 14. Seeing the effect of her revelation, Rachel tries to convince him she lied. However, Simon has already told Georgia about the sexual relationship, and Georgia in turn tells Lilly, who at first thinks Rachel is lying. Lilly comes to believe her daughter, however, and begins to drink heavily and asks Arnold for a divorce. When Arnold arrives, Georgia tells him to leave and will not allow him in the house. Finally, she attempts to force him off the property by hitting him with a baseball bat; when he still refuses to leave, she forces him, by using the bat to threaten his sports car in order to put a bar of soap in his mouth, after he takes God\'s name in vain. Rachel sees that Lilly cannot accept the truth, and lies to her, saying she didn\'t do anything sexual with Arnold. At the motel where Arnold is staying, Rachel tells him that she has a video tape of him having sex with her when she was 14. Arnold seems worried, which further convinces the viewers of his guilt. Rachel demands $10 million  if he does not keep Lilly happy. She admits to him that she lied to Lilly because she does not want her to be upset anymore. On the way back to San Francisco, Arnold tells Lilly that he is giving Rachel his new red Ferrari. Hearing this Lilly quickly recalls Rachael\'s earlier claim that he bought her a Ford Mustang to keep her silence and demands to be let out of the car. As Lilly jumps out of the car and starts walking back to town, Arnold angrily admits to having sex with Rachel; he claims to have been seduced, that Lilly\'s heavy drinking drove him to it, and finally saying that Rachel enjoyed it. After fending off an attack from an enraged Lilly, Arnold drives off, daring her to take him to court. In the end, Georgia, along with Simon, Rachel, and Harlan, catch up with Lilly in Harlan\'s pick-up truck, and a tearful Rachel makes up for her behavior. Harlan also mentions to Georgia that he is in love with Rachel and plans to marry her when he returns from his two-year mission.'] ['A Chinese immigrant widow faces the New Year with apprehension after it was foretold that it would be the year she would die. All of the things she wants to do before she dies comes into focus including seeing her daughter married and visiting China one last time to pay her respects.http://www.kochlorberfilms.com/product.asp?ID=KLF-DV-3081'] ['Mrs. Kay Miniver  and her family live a comfortable life at a house called "Starlings" in a village outside London. The house has a large garden, with a private landing stage on the river Thames, and a motorboat. Her husband Clem  is a successful architect. They have three children: the youngsters Toby and Judy , and an older son Vin  at university. They have live-in staff: Gladys the housemaid  and Ada the cook . As World War II looms, Vin comes down from university and meets Carol Beldon , granddaughter of Lady Beldon  from nearby Beldon Hall. Despite initial disagreements—mainly contrasting Vin\'s idealistic attitude to class differences with Carol\'s practical altruism—they fall in love. Vin proposes to Carol after a yacht club dinner-dance. They eventually marry, but as the war comes closer to home, Vin feels he must "do his bit" and enlists in the Royal Air Force, qualifying as a fighter pilot. He is posted to a base near to his parents\' home. Together with other boat owners, Clem volunteers to take his motorboat to assist in the Dunkirk evacuation. One morning, Kay hears a plane crash nearby. The wounded, fanatical German pilot  hides in her garden and then holds her at gunpoint. She feeds him, calmly disarms him, and then calls the police. Soon after, Clem comes home. Lady Beldon meets with Kay to try and convince her to talk Vin out of marrying Carol. Lady Beldon is unsuccessful, and admits defeat when it occurs to her that there is nothing she can do to stop it. Later, Kay and her family hide in a bomb shelter during an air raid, and attempt to keep their minds off the bombing by reading Alice\'s Adventures in Wonderland, which Clem refers to as a "lovely story." After, parts of the house have been destroyed, and Vin comes home. At the flower show\'s competition, the entry of the local stationmaster Mr. Ballard  named the "Mrs. Miniver" rose is declared the winner over Lady Beldon\'s rose. Afterward, Kay and Carol drive Vin to join his squadron just as an air attack begins. On their return home, Kay stops the car; Carol is wounded in an attack from a German plane. She dies a few minutes after they reach home. Kay is devastated. When Vin returns from battle, he is told the terrible news. The local inhabitants assemble at the badly damaged church where their vicar  affirms their determination in a powerful sermon: {{cquote}} Vin then moves over to Mrs. Beldon and stands with her as the congregation stand in unity and sing "Onward, Christian Soldiers" at the top of their voices, while through a gaping hole in the bombed-out roof in the sky above can be seen flight after flight of RAF fighters in the V-for-Victory formation heading out to face the enemy.'] ["Alex  brings his wife Vera  and two children for a trip to his childhood home in the countryside. The tranquillity of the countryside is broken when Vera tells Alex that she is pregnant and that the baby is not his. The rift between the couple grows but the two try to keep up appearances in the presence of their children and the old friends that visit them. Alex is unsure about what to do and turns to his brother Mark  for advice. On the way to meet Mark at the train station, Alex's son Kir  reveals that Alex's friend Robert  was at their house one day while Alex was away for work. Alex concludes that Robert is the baby's father. Vera feels that they have become estranged and is afraid of what Kir will turn into due to the criminal nature of Alex and his brother's work. In the film's opening scene, Mark comes to Alex's house for help removing a bullet from his arm. In the end, Alex makes the decision to have an abortion. While the children are at a friend's house, he gets Mark to find a doctor to perform the procedure. The abortion goes wrong and Vera dies. Alex and Mark rush the funeral formalities as gossip spreads quickly in the countryside. After returning home from the funeral parlour, Mark has a serious heart attack. Against the advice of the doctor, he attends Vera's funeral but dies before he and his brother return home. Alex returns to the city alone and goes to Robert's house with the intention of killing him. Alex falls asleep in his car outside the house and is awoken by Robert who invites him in. As he retrieves the gun from the glove box, he discovers an envelope containing the results of Vera's pregnancy test and a letter written by Vera on the back. The film cuts to a flashback of the time Robert came to Alex's home while he was away. It is revealed that the day before, Vera attempted to commit suicide by overdosing on pills but is saved by Robert. The next day, Vera finds out she is pregnant and confides with Robert, revealing that she never had an affair and that the baby was in fact Alex's, even though she says it felt like it wasn't his."] ["Lallan Singh  is a goon, originally from Bihar but settled in Kolkata, West Bengal because his brother Gopal Singh  has left him alone and he had no option of earning back home. He loves, marries, and abuses his wife, Shashi Biswas . Michael Mukherjee  is an influential student leader who wants politicians like Prosenjit Bhattacharya  to keep away from college elections. Michael is in love with his neighbor Radhika  who lives with her uncle and aunt. And then there is Arjun , carefree and spoiled son of an IAS officer. He wants to relocate to the U.S. for a better future. He falls in love with Mira , whom he just met. After talking to Michael, Arjun changes his mind and wants to be a politician. Prosenjit is worried when he hears news of students standing in the election. He uses every possible way to get them out of Politics. Firstly he provides scholarship of a prestigious foreign university to Michael. When Micheal refuses the bribe, he orders his goon Gopal Singh to take control. Gopal beats some students but faces very strong retaliation from Michael and his fellow students. After that Lallan Singh takes charge and kills Gopal. He kidnaps Arjun and other candidates. However, they manage to escape with the help of Lallan Singh's ally. Lallan follows Arjun and beats him up. While running, Arjun manages to call Michael for help. He comes to rescue Arjun at Howrah Bridge. Then Lallan is handed to the police. Michael wins the four seats he and his fellow students have contested for. Shashi leaves for her hometown while Lallan remains in prison. Michael, Arjun and two friends enter Vidhansabha."] ['  Shortly after moving to Los Angeles with his parents, 17-year-old Jim Stark  enrolls at Dawson High School. Jim is brought into the police station for public drunkenness. When his mother, father and grandmother arrive at the police station to retrieve him, conflicts in Jim\'s family situation are introduced. His parents are often fighting; his father  often tries to defend Jim, but Jim\'s mother always wins the arguments. Jim feels betrayed both by this fighting and his father\'s lack of moral strength, causing feelings of unrest and displacement. This shows up later in the film when he repeatedly asks his father, "What do you do when you have to be a man?" While trying to conform with fellow students at the school, he becomes involved in a dispute with a local bully named Buzz Gunderson . While he tries to deal with Buzz, he becomes friends with a 15-year-old boy, John, nicknamed Plato , who was also at the police station the night of the opening scene for shooting puppies. Plato idolizes Jim, his real father having abandoned his family. Plato experiences many of the same problems as Jim, such as searching for meaning in life and dealing with parents who "don\'t understand." Jim meets Judy , whom he also recognizes from the police station, where she was brought in for being out alone after dark. She originally seems unimpressed by Jim, saying in a sarcastic tone, "I bet you\'re a real yo-yo." She is apparently the property of Buzz. Jim goes on a field trip to the Griffith Observatory. There he sees a dramatic presentation of the violent death of the universe. After the show, he watches as the thugs slash a tire of his car; then Buzz challenges him to a knife fight, in which Jim is loathe to take part until the gang taunts Jim as a "chicken" . Jim reluctantly takes part in the fight and wins, subduing Buzz by holding his switchblade up to his neck. Both Jim and Buzz receive slight injuries while fighting. The thugs challenge Jim to a "Chickie Run" with Buzz, racing stolen cars towards an abyss. The first one who jumps out of the car loses and is deemed the "chicken". The "game" ends in tragedy for Buzz when a strap on the sleeve of his leather jacket becomes looped over a handle on the car door, preventing him from jumping out before the car goes over the cliff. Jim tries to tell his parents what happened, but becomes frustrated by their failure to understand him and storms out of the house. When Jim is seen trying to go to the police by some of Buzz\'s friends, they decide to hunt him down, and harass Plato and Jim\'s family to try to find him. Judy and Jim go to an abandoned mansion; Plato finds them there . There they act out a "fantasy family," with Jim as father, Judy as mother and Plato as child. The thugs soon discover them, and Plato brandishes his mother\'s gun, shooting one of the boys, and shooting at Jim and a police officer, in a clearly unstable state. Plato hides in the Observatory, which is soon besieged by the police. Jim and Judy follow him inside, and Jim convinces Plato to lend him the gun, from which he silently removes the ammunition magazine. When Plato steps out of the observatory, he becomes agitated again at the sight of the police and charges forward, brandishing his weapon. He is fatally shot by a police officer as Jim yells to the police, too late, that he had already removed the bullets. Plato was wearing Jim\'s jacket at the time, and as a result, Jim\'s parents  think at first that Jim was shot. Mr. Stark then runs to comfort Jim, openly weeping for Plato\'s death. Mr. Stark promises to be a stronger father, one that his son can depend on. Thus reconciled, Jim introduces Judy to his parents.'] ["Clifford Peache  lives in an upscale Chicago luxury hotel with his father , who manages the hotel, and his eccentric but loving grandmother . Clifford spends his nights with his family relaxing on the rooftop patio and spying on the neighbors through a telescope. He is the new kid at Lake View High School, where he arrives in a hotel limousine. Clifford becomes a target of abuse from a bully, Melvin Moody . Moody and his gang of thugs, Dubrow , Koontz , and Hightower , regularly terrorize and extort lunch money from other smaller, timid students, allegedly to protect them from a school outcast, the large, sullen Ricky Linderman . According to school legend, Ricky has killed several people, including his own little brother. A teacher  tells Clifford that the only violence she's aware of from Ricky's past occurred when his younger brother died accidentally while playing with a gun. Clifford works up the nerve to approach Ricky and asks him to be his bodyguard. Ricky refuses, but the boys do become friends after Ricky saves Clifford from a beating by Moody and his gang. Ricky distances himself emotionally as he silently deals with emotional issues over the death of his 9-year-old brother a year earlier. Ricky has been rebuilding a motorcycle that he cherishes. The friendship between the two boys is strengthened as Clifford helps Ricky search junkyards for a hard-to-find cylinder for the motorcycle's engine. As Clifford, Ricky, and a few friends from school, including fellow victim, Carson , Shelley , and an unnamed girl , eat lunch in Lincoln Park, Moody and his gang approach. Moody has enlisted the help of an older bodybuilder named Mike , someone he announces is his bodyguard. Mike intimidates and physically abuses the younger Ricky, and vandalizes his motorcycle before Moody pushes it into the lagoon. Ricky runs away. He later comes to Clifford to ask for money, ostensibly to pay for pulling the motorcycle out of the lagoon. Feeling used, Clifford follows him and the two argue before Ricky reveals to Clifford that he accidentally shot his brother while babysitting him at home. He is overwhelmed with guilt and remorse, and not the tough guy he seems. Moody and Mike later return to the park to further bully the other children. Unbeknownst to them, Ricky is also there retrieving his motorcycle. As Ricky attempts to leave with the bike, Moody notices and announces that the motorcycle now belongs to him. Ricky refuses the demand, so Moody summons Mike and the two begin to fight. Ricky gains the upper hand before Moody jumps on his back. Seeing his friend in trouble, Clifford manages to pull Moody off. Ricky beats Mike, knocks him unconscious, and then turns his attention to Moody. But instead of fighting Clifford's battle for him, he urges Clifford to fight Moody himself while coaching him. Clifford is afraid, but when he finally lands a solid punch and breaks Moody's nose, winning the fight, he finally realizes that Moody the bully is weak and cowardly. Ricky takes his bike back and as the children all leave together, he jokingly asks Clifford to be his bodyguard."] ['Ju Dou takes place in the early 20th century in rural China. The story begins as Yang Tianqing  is returning from a trek to sell silk for his adoptive uncle, Yang Jinshan ([[Li Wei . Jinshan, whose trade is dyeing fabrics, is known for his cruelty and treats Tianqing with much scorn. Upon returning, Tianqing learns that Jinshan has just recently purchased a new wife, having beaten two previous wives to death after they failed to produce a son, the cruel irony being that Jinshan is in fact impotent. Upon meeting the wife, Ju Dou , Tianqing is immediately enamored with her. During the day they act with some detachment from one another, both living in fear of Jinshan. At night, Jinshan tortures Ju Dou as Tianqing is forced to listen to her cries. Eventually, Tianqing discovers Ju Dou\'s bathing area and spies on her. When she discovers the peephole, she is at first concerned, but eventually uses the hole to expose her bruises to him. Soon, the two are unable to control their passions any longer, and they engage in sexual intercourse next to the dye vats. When Ju Dou discovers she is pregnant, she and Tianqing carry on the façade that the child is in fact Jinshan\'s. The child, Tianbai is soon born and carries on Jinshan\'s and not Tianqing\'s name. At this point, however, Jinshan suffers a stroke which leaves him paralyzed from the waist down. Confined to a wheel chair, he nevertheless discovers Ju Dou and Tianqing\'s affair and attempts to kill the child. Stopped by the parents, Jinshan\'s past cruelty is repaid upon him as he is hoisted in a large barrel, leaving him dangling helplessly during the night. Despite their happiness, Tianqing and Ju Dou suffer another setback when Ju Dou believes that she is yet again pregnant. However, later she receives her period and the couple is relieved. Knowing that society would infer and could never accept her infidelities, Ju Dou goes to a nunnery to get contraceptives. The contraceptives given to her turn out to be hot chili powder and they leave her barren. Meanwhile Tianbai has grown into a sullen child . He has yet to speak, and both Ju Dou and Tianqing worry about him. Jin Shan meanwhile is still left in his barrel. When he sees the child, he at first attempts to push him into the dye vat, but when Tianbai calls him "Father," his heart immediately melts and he accepts the boy as his son. While Ju Dou and Tianqing are horrified, they know they can say nothing. Jinshan\'s happiness is short-lived, however, as he himself falls into the dye vat and drowns one day while playing with his "son," who watches the man flail helplessly but does nothing to save him. The funeral is treated with much pomp and circumstance as Confucian dogma requires both Ju Dou and Tianqing to "beg" the casket not to leave. Ju Dou, moreover, is never allowed to be with another man. The film then cuts to ten years later. Ju Dou and Tianqing still run the dye operation, but Tianbai  is now a rage-filled teenager. Rumors of his parents\' infidelities drive him to nearly kill a local gossip. Upon discovering his parents passed out in a stifling underground cellar after one of their trysts, Tianbai drags them into the open before throwing his father into a vat. Although disoriented and short of oxygen, it seems as if Tianqing will get out. However, Tianbai clubs him with a heavy stick and knocks him unconscious, resulting in Tianqing drowning. Ju Dou then burns the mill down, and watches as the flames engulf the rolls of silk around her as the film ends.'] ["After Digvijay Singh  implicates him as a corrupt person, Ramchandra , a teacher commits suicide. After this incident, his obedient and simple son Ram Kumar , an insurance agent, faces many difficulties. Resolved to fight against the injustice in society and uncover the criminal elements, he joins forces with the Police Commissioner  and transforms himself into Prince Chandrashekar, a top notch diamond businessman from South Africa. Few years later, Digvijay Singh becomes a powerful person in the city with dubious personality. He seems to be a decent industrialist Dharamdas while smuggling drugs, running many criminal activities and keeps poisonous snakes to kill his enemies and traitors. Ram Kumar loves Rinku  unaware that she is Dharamdas' sister. Disguised as Prince Chandrashekar, Ram wins the heart of Dharmdas' beloved Manju , gets close to him and enter his business. Finally he succeeds in arresting him. This was Sharmila Tagore's romantic lead with Amitabh Bachchan again after Faraar."] ['{{Plot}} Jimmy Egan  leads the New York City Police Department to victory in police-league football. While everybody is celebrating, Francis Tierney Jr.  answers his phone to find out that several men from their unit have been killed. Along with Ray Tierney  they rush to the scene and find several dead officers. Francis Tierney Sr. , pushes Ray to lead the task-force unit investigating the incident. The next day Ray is observing the crime scene with fellow officers, and finds that there was a suspect who escaped and finds the suspect\'s cell phone. Speaking Spanish, Ray interviews the boy. Through this he determines that the suspect, Angel Tezo was bleeding from the stomach and got into a cab. Cut to Jimmy, Kenny Dugan , Reuben "Sandy" Santiago  and Eddie Carbone  in a field with the getaway cab. The driver is dead, Tezo is gone. We find that the four officers investigating the cab here are corrupt. They set about to find Tezo before Ray and the task-force do. Tezo is seen in an apartment getting stitched up while watching television. After the doctor stitches Tezo up he is shot dead instead of being paid. Ray is reviewing the photos and notices one of the dead gangsters from the crime scene was not wearing a belt, and that his shoelaces were gone. Officers arrive where Tezo was being stitched up, and are noticed by his friends while parking their cruiser. Tezo shoots two of his friends, and escapes. Ray finds out that Tezo has a friend in the police department, named "Sandy". Ray has the officers who are present keep this quiet. Later Ray confronts Francis Jr., and shares this information with his older brother, but Francis Jr. lies and says there\'s no policemen in his division nicknamed "Sandy". Shortly after, Francis Jr. confronts Sandy in the showers. Francis Jr. tells Sandy he\'s fired after Sandy breaks, telling him that he and the officers in his unit are, in essence, a gang with badges. He says the incident took place because the officers wanted to kill Tezo so they could work with another dealer, but that the hit went bad, with several officers dying and Tezo escaping. Despite being their leader, Francis Jr. seems surprised this behavior has occurred, which surprises Sandy, who thought he\'d known all along. Francis fires Sandy. Jimmy is home with his wife and kids, and is confronted by the dealer Casado, who had paid Jimmy and his squad to kill Tezo, so that they could start working for him. After a heated encounter, Casado walks to his Bentley GT while telling Jimmy that he is going to be killed. Fearing both Casado and the task-force, Jimmy and the other corrupt officers rush to find and kill Tezo. Jimmy and another officer find that Tezo\'s cousin is in town. After breaking the door down and beating him, they learn where Tezo is. While this was happening, Ray also finds out where Tezo is . Ray arrives to find the corrupt officers are nearly done torturing Tezo to death. When Ray  opposes this, an officer shoots Tezo dead. Ray realizes his brother-in-law Jimmy used his gun to execute Tezo, to make it look like Ray was the one who fired. Ray attacks Jimmy, but realizes he cannot do much as it was his gun that killed Tezo. He calls his older brother, Francis Jr., to tell him their brother-in-law Jimmy just tortured Tezo to death, and then framed him for it. Francis Jr. is torn between his job and his family; his dying wife encourages him to do what is right, even if it means all this corruption happened under Francis Jr.\'s watch, with some of it committed by his brother-in-law Jimmy. Sandy, having been fired, calls a reporter to do an expose on the corrupt officers. The reporter meets him in a parking lot. Sandy spills everything to the reporter before shooting himself in the head. The next day the newspaper proclaims "Corrupt Cop Cashes-Out". Both the good and bad officers work to pin this corruption on the four dead policemen from the initial crime scene, along with the now-dead Sandy. Francis Jr. confronts Jimmy in the bar they all go to. Jimmy is surprised that Francis Jr. is mad, and presumed he already knew what was happening. Francis Jr. admits he allowed Jimmy and the officers some leeway, but is furious at how far they took the corruption. He also tells Jimmy there\'s no way he\'ll let him frame Ray for murdering Tezo. Francis is appalled that, after becoming their brother-in-law, that Jimmy got them into this situation. Jimmy offers Francis "his cut". Francis Jr refuses and leaves. Ray, in a room with internal affairs investigators, tells them the statement isn\'t going to go how they want it to. He tells them that he was not the one who shot Tezo. He repeatedly refuses to tell them which officer did pull the trigger, protecting brother-in-law Jimmy . Francis Sr., a long-time police veteran, is shown privileged testimony regarding Tezo\'s murder. He sees Jimmy\'s interview tape, in which Jimmy reluctantly tells the investigators that he witnessed Ray shoot Tezo. Francis Sr. and Ray speak, Francis Sr telling Ray to go along with it, hoping to protect the department. Ray refuses his father\'s command. Despite Francis Sr. wanting his children to go along with Jimmy\'s story, he finds that Francis Jr. intends to come clean, against his father\'s wishes. Two members of Jimmy\'s corrupt crew go to a liquor store, intending to quickly rob it, as they are out of cash and drugs, due to all of the heat on their division. It goes badly, with one of the two being killed, the other holding the store-owner hostage as both police and local gangsters looking on. Francis Jr. and Ray speak on the phone, they decide to split up to each situation. Francis Jr. goes to the liquor store to talk his officer out of holding the owner hostage, while Ray confronts Jimmy at their bar. Ray orders everyone out. After confronting Jimmy, Ray gets into a fight with him, and emerges victorious. With Francis Jr. successfully getting the officer to release his hostage and get in the cruiser, the two brothers diffused both situations. Tezo\'s cousin is among the people in the streets, everyone furious that Tezo was brutally tortured before dying, all the while the policemen are free. When Ray is walking a hand-cuffed Jimmy to his cruiser, the crowd surrounds them looking for vigilante justice. Jimmy asks Ray to give him his weapon back, Ray refuses. Jimmy, finally giving into his circumstances, allows himself to be beaten to death by Tezo\'s cousin, while the mob holds Ray back. Ray staggers away from the mob and his dead brother-in-law, to the diffused hostage scene at the liquor store. Francis Jr. and Ray get in a cruiser and drive off. The film ends with Ray, Francis Jr. and Francis Sr. about to give testimony, presumably the truth now that Jimmy is dead and Francis Jr.\'s dept.\'s corruption is obvious.'] ['In the Victorian period, Ebenezer Scrooge is a skinflint businessman who loathes the Christmas season and begrudges having to give time off to his best employee, Bob Cratchit. On Christmas Eve, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of his late friend and business partner, Jacob Marley, who in the afterlife has come to see the errors of his ways. Marley arranges for Scrooge to be visited by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Christmas Present, and Christmas Yet to Come in hopes of teaching Scrooge of the importance of embracing the joy of the holiday season. Scrooge reforms, learning to keep the spirit of Christmas alive in his heart, ultimately becoming a well-loved and respected man.'] ["Clark goes out West to visit his daughter and son-in-law. During his visit, Kathy, the infant daughter of Willie and Missie, dies. A ruthless land baron and mayor, Doros, hires Willie as town sheriff, since grief-stricken Missie has quit her job as schoolteacher and the LaHayes need the money. Doros uses Willie as sheriff to try to evict ranchers that have fallen behind on payments. Missie helps one family by selling most of her most prized possessions, including the gold locket her mother gave her. During this time, Doros' daughter, Colette, begins to like Willie and Missie's adopted son, Jeff. Collette is an eastern-schooled girl who is home from school on break. Jeff is a well-read young man who must take over for Willie on the ranch. Colette visits the ranch frequently and helps Jeff with his chores. Jeff also visits her at Doros' ranch. Doros secretly discovers this, but does not let on. As Collette prepares to leave for school, she and Jeff share a kiss. Her father lays a trap for Jeff using the unwitting Colette. Upon her departure, Doros charges Jeff with horse theft and demands that Willie arrest his own son. Doros swears that Jeff stole the horse, but Willie produces Colette, whom Doros thought left for school on the stagecoach. In the end, Clark realizes that his daughter Missie is in great hands with her husband, Willie and returns home."] ['The film opens in the ballroom of the Cary plantation on Virgie’s sixth birthday. Her slave Uncle Billy dances for her party guests, but the celebration is brought abruptly to an end when a messenger arrives with news of the assault on Fort Sumter and a declaration of war. Virgie’s father is ordered to the Armory with horse and side-arms. He becomes a scout for the Confederate Army, crossing enemy lines to gather information. On these expeditions, he sometimes briefly visits his family. One day, Colonel Morrison, a Union officer, arrives at the Cary plantation looking for Virgie‘s father. Virgie defies him, hitting him with a pebble from her slingshot and singing “Dixie”. After Morrison leaves, Cary arrives to visit his family but quickly departs when slaves warn of approaching Union troops. Led by the brutal Sgt. Dudley, the Union troops begin to loot the house. Colonel Morrison returns, puts an end to the plundering, and orders Dudley lashed. With this act, Morrison rises in Virgie’s esteem. One stormy night, battle rages near the plantation. Virgie and her mother are forced to flee with Uncle Billy when their house is burned to the ground. Mrs. Cary falls gravely ill but finds refuge in a slave cabin. Her husband crosses enemy lines to be with his wife during her last moments. After his wife’s death, Cary makes plans to take Virgie to his sister in Richmond. When Colonel Morrison learns of the plan, he aids Cary by providing him with a Yankee uniform and a pass. The plan is foiled, and Cary and Morrison are sentenced to death. The two are confined to a makeshift prison where Virgie and Uncle Billy visit them daily. A kindly Union officer urges Uncle Billy to appeal to President Lincoln for a pardon. Short on funds, Uncle Billy and Virgie sing and dance in public spaces and ‘pass the cap’. Once in Washington, they are ushered into Lincoln’s office where the President pardons Cary and Morrison after hearing Virgie’s story. The film ends with Virgie happily singing “Polly Wolly Doodle” to her father, Colonel Morrison and a group of soldiers.'] ["In 1959, a new teacher named Derek Sanders becomes the new choirmaster for Blanton Academy, a prestigious but all-white private school in South Carolina. Mr. Sanders tries to reduce some of the prejudice and hostility of some of the students in his choir. Paul, a bully who feels he should be lead boy, is the worst offender. Taylor Bradshaw on the other hand is impressed by the music of Landy Allen, a black boy, grandson of Zeke, the school caretaker. Taylor begins to explore the music and lives of the colored people who live in Rivertown despite knowing that it could get him expelled or rejected. Sanders is also impressed by Landy's abilities and attempts to get him involved with the choir. A tragedy in the community brings the race issue to a head."] ["{{plot}} Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet (Julie Walters and [[Richard Wilson  are two elderly neighbors who despise each other. When they leave the garden, objects come alive in both their gardens. The Montague garden is filled with blue garden gnomes, and the Capulet garden houses red garden gnomes. Later, both blue and red gnomes attend a lawnmower race. Representing the blues is Gnomeo  and representing the reds is Tybalt . During the race, it looks like Gnomeo is winning; however, Tybalt cheats and wins the race, destroying Gnomeo's lawnmower. Gnomeo and his best friend, Benny , insult Tybalt for cheating, but Tybalt ignores them. Benny watches Mrs. Montague ordering a new cheap lawnmower called The Kitten Clipper, disappointed. Later that night, Gnomeo and Benny infiltrate the red garden in disguise, with blue spray cans. Benny sprays Tybalt's well and accidentally triggers a security light in the process, alerting the red gnomes to attack. During the escape Gnomeo ends up in a nearby neglected garden. He bumps into a disguised Juliet , the daughter of the red gnomes leader Lord Redbrick . Juliet is attempting to retrieve a unique orchid, and the two romantically fight over it. They each discover the other's colour before fleeing the garden. When they both go back to their gardens, Juliet tells her frog friend Nanette  about her newfound love. Nanette states that the relationship is romantically tragic. Gnomeo and Juliet then have secret meetings in a secret garden, where they meet a pink plastic flamingo named Featherstone . He encourages their love, and the two begin to meet regularly. Though when the two of them are getting ready for a date, Lord Redbrick introduces Juliet to Paris , a red gnome that Nanette has fallen for, though Juliet manages to get away. Later, when the two return back to their gardens, Gnomeo finds his mother Lady Bluebury , who is distraught after the reds infiltrated the garden and destroyed the plant Gnomeo's deceased father planted. The blues want Gnomeo to take revenge on the reds, and he realizes that he cannot refuse unless he tells his secret. He tunnels underneath to reach the red garden, but just as he is about to spray the prized flowers of the reds, Juliet sees him. He backs out suddenly, telling Benny that the nozzle on the spraying bottle was jammed. When he and Juliet meet up again, they briefly argue until Featherstone stops them, telling them that other people's hate destroyed his love. He and his girlfriend were separated when the two people living in the house, where their garden was, got divorced. After he has explained this, Gnomeo and Juliet apologize, but when they are about to kiss, Benny sees them, distracts them, then runs into the alleyway, where Tybalt is waiting with his lawnmower. Tybalt drives at Benny, chops his hat clean off with a trowel, and attempts to run him down with his lawnmower. Tybalt is interrupted by Gnomeo, and he is destroyed when crashing into a wall. The reds attempt to attack Gnomeo, but Juliet, to the surprise of her father and clan, defends Gnomeo, saying that she loves him. A woman suddenly jogs along, so all gnomes become still and inconspicuous. Gnomeo ends up on a road, and everyone believes he was run over by a truck. Lord Redbrick has Juliet glued to her fountain because he does not want to lose her like her mother. Gnomeo's pet, a mushroom named Shroom, is left alone and goes on the road, where he realizes that what appeared to be Gnomeo is actually a broken blue teapot, and that Gnomeo is still alive. Gnomeo eventually ends up in a park, and climbs onto a Statue of William Shakespeare  and tells him his story. Shakespeare tells Gnomeo that his story is very similar to Romeo and Juliet and that it is likely Gnomeo's will have a sad ending as well. However, Gnomeo refuses to accept that sort of ending. Shroom and Featherstone come to find him. Benny, meanwhile, cancels the order of the Kitten Clipper and buys the Terrafirminator lawnmower using the computer, to get revenge on the Red Gnomes, despite Shroom trying to convince him that Gnomeo is still alive. The Terrafirminator goes out of control and destroys most of the two gardens while the gnomes wage a full scale war. Gnomeo makes it back to Juliet to try to un-glue her, but he is unable to. She tells him to go, but he refuses, and they kiss just as the lawnmower crashes into the fountain, self-destructing in the process. Everyone believes that both are dead. Lord Redbrick and Lady Bluebury, both realizing that their feud was responsible for this, decide to end the feud. As they do, they accidentally trigger a switch, which causes a massive tropical castle display to rise up from the remains of Juliet's pedestal. Much to the astonishment of all the gnomes, both Gnomeo and Juliet are revealed to have survived as they rise from the ruins. The residents of the gardens celebrate and Gnomeo and Juliet kiss just as Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet return to find their yards destroyed. The film ends happily with the red and blue gnomes finally coming together to celebrate their newfound peace. Tybalt is also revealed to still be alive having been glued back together . Featherstone is also reunited with his girlfriend after Benny finds and orders her online. Meanwhile, Gnomeo and Juliet are married on a purple lawnmower, which symbolizes the new union of both gnome clans."] ["The marriage of Faith and George Dunlap is in serious trouble. From a distance, it would seem a picture of domestic bliss, a successful author with a beautiful wife and four daughters living in a converted farmhouse that he helped refurbish himself. But a crisis has come to all involved. George has a mistress, Sandy, and wants to be with her. The trouble is, he doesn't want Faith to be with someone else in return. George is trying to find the courage to leave home, but hates the thought of his family and possessions in another man's hands. The handsome Frank Henderson is hired by Faith to construct a tennis court. It is not clear whether she develops true feelings for Frank or simply wishes to even the score with her unfaithful husband, but for whatever reason, Faith begins an affair. Their daughters resent George for breaking up the family this way. Faith puts up a false facade, planning to attend an evening in George's honor as he accepts a book award, but George becomes increasingly irrational as the women in his life prepare for a life without him."] ['Some years after his dangerous ride down the steep mountain to capture the Brumby herd and regain the Colt from old "Regret", Jim Craig , now with a large herd of mountain-bred horses of his own, returns to his home vicinity to take up with his girl, Jessica Harrison . She is still smitten with him, but opposition from her father  remains as resolute as ever. Further, she also has a rich would-be suitor endeavouring to court her, Alistair Patton , son of the banker from whom Harrison is seeking a large loan. Before he returns from Harrison\'s property to his home, Jim meets an army officer seeking quality horses for the remount service on a regular basis. As the young Patton realizes Jessica\'s affections remain for Jim, and that she doesn\'t "give a damn" about him , he jealously and maliciously recruits a gang to steal Jim\'s horses. Jim gives chase and in so doing again rides his horse down the steep mountainside. Patton shoots at him; the horse is killed and Jim is injured but manages to recover and resume the pursuit. As Jim had earlier let the wild stallion which led the brumbies loose into the wild again, in a twist of fate, the stallion shows itself from the wild at this crucial moment, and Jim finally trains this horse that has been the enigma of the entire district for decades. As he breaks him in and learns to ride him, they become friends, and together, they catch up to Patton and his gang. Jessica\'s father has also relented during this time, seen \'the light\' and eventually joins with Jim and his \'rough-rider\' friends to hunt down Patton and his gang. Jim Craig gets and wins his man-on-man duel with the chief \'villain\', Allistair Patton, and Harrison gives his final approval for Jessica and Jim\'s alliance and the couple marry.'] ["Sam Field  is a high-powered businessman and scion of a rich industrialist family with his own factory. Though a workaholic, Sam manages to enjoy a playboy lifestyle, having one girlfriend after the other, while struggling with never having lived up to his father's expectations. One day, his spokesman and best friend Dave Hebert  explains that a wealthy potential buyer of his company believes that Sam is a loyal family man. Even though he is not amused by having to pretend to be a married father, he agrees to the scheme of hiring actors to play his wife and son. After some unsuccessful rehearsals with his hired family, Sam is about to give up all hope of landing the deal, when a 7-year-old girl suddenly enters his house. This is Zoey Russell , a well-meaning and friendly young girl who constantly gets into trouble due to her energetic impulses. One of these impulses was running into Sam's house, which, according to Zoey, resembled her doll house. Zoey's mother, Kathleen , is a single parent who struggles with combining parenthood with her job, coincidentally at Sam's factory. She had aspirations of becoming an artist, but settled for a lesser position when she married Jerry Russell , who has since left her. Kathleen is offered a large sum of money for her and Zoey to pose as Sam's loving family. She is not impressed with Sam, but agrees to take the job because she needs to save money for a down payment on a house, but also because Zoey is fond of Sam's house. They are given a make-over by Sam's staff and are taught what to say and what not to say to the potential client, Javier Del Campo . He is scheduled to stay at Sam's mansion for a weekend, during which he becomes fond of Zoey. When Javier announces that he will stay until the negotiations are completed, for another two weeks, Zoey is delighted, unlike Sam and Kathleen. Sam is especially frustrated, because the family act has negative influence on his work. One evening, Zoey unintentionally messes up Sam's office, which causes him to have an angry outburst. Kathleen is appalled by his behavior toward her daughter and immediately quits and leaves the house. That evening, Sam comes to Kathleen's apartment, apologizes to her and convinces her to return. The next night, the 'family' and Javier go out ice skating, during which Zoey becomes convinced that Javier is an angel. Sam, meanwhile, realizes that he is more charmed with Kathleen than with an attractive young woman who was flirting with him earlier that evening. Just when things are going for the upper, Jerry shows up where Sam, Dave and Javier are having lunch. He demands to know what is going on, and threatens to let Javier know and scuttle their negotiations. Sam, aware of his hustler lifestyle - even though Zoey thinks that he has left home to become an astronaut - offers him money to keep their secret, with the condition that he not contact his family until after Christmas. Shortly after, Kathleen learns that the possible deal between Sam and Javier includes a sale, not a merger as she thought, meaning that production will move to Mexico and will cost most of Sam's employees  their jobs. In response, she shows Sam how much his employees need their job, which puts Sam in even a more difficult position. The same evening, the bonding continues over present wrapping and they are about to kiss but are interrupted by Zoey waking up from a nightmare. On Christmas morning, Javier signs the contract, though Sam is not willing to, claiming he doesn't do business on Christmas. Instead, he kisses Kathleen under the mistletoe, which upsets Zoey. To worsen the matter, Jerry shows up, confusing Javier. Sam explains the entire situation, and Javier responds understandably, even offering to honor the contract. Again, Sam refuses to sign it, choosing instead to save the factory employees' jobs. Jerry, meanwhile, prepares to leave, assuring Zoey that she is better off with Sam and Kathleen. Nevertheless, she is devastated and reacts by climbing up a tree to see her father leave. Sam and Kathleen follow her, and the branch Zoey is on breaks. She is hanging from a branch and is afraid she can't hang on much longer. Sam tells her that he loves her and assures her that he will catch her, which he does. At the end it is shown that Zoey accepted Sam as her new father."] ["Twelve-year-old Mindy Ho  tries Taoist magic to fix her single mother's  financial situation and seemingly hopeless romantic prospects. Mindy's misdirected charms appear to cause an aging security guard to lose his job and a local butcher to win the lottery. The guard, the butcher and her mother's stories all intersect, bound together by Mindy's attempts at magical intervention. Kevin Yee plays Raymond Lee, a young boy who loses his turtle; Mindy tries to help him find the animal by using her magic."] ["The Namesake depicts the struggles of Ashoke and Ashima Ganguli (Irrfan Khan and [[Tabu , two first-generation immigrants from West Bengal, India to the United States, and their American-born children Gogol  and Sonia . The film takes place primarily in Kolkata, India; New York City; and various New York state suburbs. The story begins as Ashoke and Ashima leave Calcutta and settle in New York City. Through a series of miscues, their son's nickname, Gogol , becomes his official birth name, an event which will shape many aspects of his life. The film chronicles Gogol's cross-cultural experiences and his exploration of his Indian heritage, as the story shifts between the United States and India. Gogol starts off as a lazy, pot smoking teenager indifferent to his cultural background. He resents many of the customs and traditions his family upholds and doesn't understand his parents. After a summer trip to India before starting college at Yale, Gogol starts opening up to his culture and becomes more accepting of it. After college, Gogol changes his name to Nikhil . He works as an architect and dates Maxine , a Caucasian woman from a wealthy background. Gogol falls in love with Maxine and introduces her to his parents, who struggle to understand his modern, American perspectives on dating, marriage and love. They are hesitant and guarded when meeting her. Gogol gets along with Maxine's family and feels closer to them than he does his own family. Before he goes to Ohio for a teaching apprenticeship, Ashoke tells Gogol the story of how he came up with his name. Shortly after, while Gogol is vacationing with Maxine's family, Ashoke dies. Grieving, Gogol tries to be more like what he thinks his parents want him to be and begins following cultural customs more closely. He grows distant from Maxine and eventually breaks up with her. Gogol rekindles a friendship with Moushumi , the daughter of family friends. They begin dating and soon after get married. However, the marriage is short lived as Moushumi, bored with being a wife, begins having an affair with an old boyfriend from Paris. Gogol divorces Moushumi, while Ashima blames herself for pressuring Gogol to marry a fellow Bengali. Gogol returns home to help Ashima pack the house when he finds the book Ashoke gave him as a graduation present. Inspired, he decides to travel the world. As much as Gogol/Nikhil's experiences, the film tenderly describes the courtship and marriage of Ashima and Ashoke, and the effect of Ashoke's early death of a massive heart attack. Ashima's decision to move on with her life, selling the suburban family home and returning to Calcutta, unifies and ends the film."] ["Kirra is sent to stay with Gus in his run-down amusement park in Cape Town after her father was hospitalized for six weeks. Upon arrival, Kirra is met at the airport by Mansa, one of her grandpa's employees. Kirra is initially unhappy about leaving her father, but she eventually makes friends with Silfiso, Mansa's son. After a fierce storm, a baby male orca was separated from his pod, and became stranded in a lagoon on Gus's property. The next morning, Kirra discovers the animal and named it Willy. Willy proves to be a big hit amongst the park visitors. However, Kirra is concerned about Willy, who is not eating due to stress. Kirra sets herself a mission to take care of it. Kirra tries very hard to get Willy to eat a fish, and finally succeeds after talking to it about her parents. Gus' competitor Rolf Woods learns about the new attraction at Gus' park, and offers to buy Willy for $500,000, but no deal is made. After much perseverance, Kirra persuades Gus to call the marine rescue center for help in rehabilitating Willie back into the sea. However, Willy had under-developed echolocation skills and is unable to survive without his pod, thus making it unsuitable for rehabilitation. Not one to give up, Kirra does much researching on how to train Willy to use his echolocation skill, despite being told that there is no known method to do so. She then tries to feed Willy blindfolded, but failed many times. Rolf, desperate for Willy, hatches a plot to poison Willy to get Gus to sell it at a cheaper price. After his plan failed, Rolf denied all knowledge of the plan, though he offers to buy Willy again. Kirra then camps out by the lagoon to keep Willy calm after the failed plot. Willy suddenly wakes her up, pulls her into the water, and lets her ride him. After that, Kirra and Willy become a double-act at the park, attracting many reporters and cameramen. The money earned from this publicity was then used to fund the fishes needed for Willy's echolocation training. After many tries, Willy learns to use his echolocation, and managers to catch live fish swimming in the lagoon. In the meantime, Rolf returns to tempt Gus with a lower offer for Willy. Faced with a mounting food bill, Gus agrees to sell Willy to Rolf at 500,000 dollars, and insists the exchange take place after Kirra's departure. Mansa made an underwater recording device to record Willy’s sounds, hoping to use the sounds to locate Willy's pod. Despite working hard for days, they did not produce any results. One day, Silfiso invites Kirra to go to his Uncle Rudy's safari park to take her mind off Willy. On their way back, they see a billboard advertising Willy as a new attraction to Rolf's theme park. The pair then hurries back, but was too late as Gus had already signed the agreement to sell Willy. Kirra is heartbroken, and makes Gus promise to make sure that Rolf takes good care of Willy. Later, when Kirra goes down to the lagoon, she sees Willy’s pod. However, Gus does not believe her account. Kirra and Silfiso go to seek Uncle Rudy's help with their plan to put Willy back into the ocean. However, he is not around, but the two stole a crane truck and drove it back to Pirate's Cove. Later, Gus agrees to help them get Willy back into the ocean if his pod can be found. Kirra and Silfiso then headed for the harbour with Willy, while Gus and Mansa stay to distract Rolf, who was on his way over. Eventually they found Willy's family, and Willy was reunited with them. Kirra later jumps into the water to bid Willy farewell. On the day of Kirra's departure, she says goodbye to Mansa and Silfiso and at the airport, and agrees to come back next summer. As she gets on the plane, Gus wipes away a tear. Kirra smiles as she takes a final look on Cape Town. Meanwhile, Willy and his pod swim off into the ocean depths."] ["Skip Lewis  is a 17 year-old boy who has been having academic problems; also, a girl named Andrea, whom he has been pursuing has told him that she has no interest in him. He tries to talk to his parents  about this but can't bring himself to, thinking that they won't understand. He commits suicide by driving his car over a cliff onto rocks. Now, his parents are in denial saying that his death was an accident. However, his best friend, Ken Cruze  who was the last person he saw before his death, was told by Skip that he was considering killing himself and is feeling guilty that he didn't try to stop him. Skip's sister Cindy  tries to bring her family out of denial so they can heal."] ['In 1902, Daniel Plainview , a mineral prospector, discovers oil and establishes a small drilling company. Following the death of one of his workers in an accident, Plainview adopts the man\'s orphaned son. The boy, whom he names H. W. , becomes his nominal business "partner". Nine years later, Plainview is approached by Paul Sunday , who tells him about the oil deposit under his family\'s property in Little Boston, California. Plainview attempts to buy the farm at a bargain price but Paul\'s twin brother Eli , wise to Plainview\'s plan, holds out for $5,000, wanting the money to fund the local church, of which he is the pastor. Plainview has Eli\'s father agree to the bargain price instead, and goes on to acquire the available land in the area, except for one holdout, William Bandy . Oil production begins. Later, an on-site accident kills a worker, and later still, a large explosion robs H. W. of his hearing. One day, a visitor  arrives on Plainview\'s doorstep claiming to be his half-brother, Henry, seeking work. Plainview takes the stranger in, and though H. W. discovers flaws in his story, he keeps the news to himself; the boy then attempts to kill Henry by setting his bed linen alight. Angered at his son\'s behavior, Plainview sends the boy away to a school in San Francisco. A representative from Standard Oil offers to buy out Plainview\'s local interests, but Plainview elects to strike a deal with Union Oil and construct a pipeline to the California coast, though the Bandy ranch remains an impediment. After spending more time with Henry, Plainview also becomes suspicious; Henry confesses that he was actually a friend of the real Henry, who had died from tuberculosis. Plainview kills the imposter and buries his body. The next morning, Plainview is awakened by Mr. Bandy, who appears to be aware of the previous night\'s events. Bandy agrees to Plainview\'s deal but only on the provision that the latter mend his ways and join the Church of the Third Revelation, where Eli humiliates him as part of his initiation. Plainview soon reunites with H. W., and Eli eventually leaves town to perform missionary work. In 1927, a much older H. W.  marries his childhood sweetheart, Mary Sunday . By this time his father, now an alcoholic but extremely wealthy, is living in a mansion with only a servant for company. H. W. asks his father  to dissolve their partnership so he can establish his own business. Plainview mocks his son\'s deafness and tells him of his true origins, leaving H. W. with no regrets when he finally leaves. Eli, now a radio host and the head of a larger church, visits Plainview. Eli, in dire financial straits, explains that Mr. Bandy has died, and offers to broker a deal on his land. Plainview agrees to the deal if Eli confesses, "I am a false prophet; God is a superstition", subjecting Eli to the same humiliation Eli had put him through years earlier. Eli does so after much berating by Plainview. To Eli\'s horror, Plainview reveals that he had already drained the oil from the property through surrounding wells by saying, "I drink your milkshake." Plainview suddenly goes into a rage, chases Eli about the room, and then beats him to death with a bowling pin. When Plainview\'s butler comes down to check on him, Plainview simply says "I\'m finished."'] ['In contemporary Jerusalem, a small Jewish family leads an ordinary life until following a car accident, the father mysteriously disappears. They all deal with his absence and the difficulties of everyday life as best they can. While the adults take refuge in silence or traditions, the two children, Menachem and David, seek their own way to find their father.'] ["{{plot}}, p.284. It is a tale about the downfall of the once-powerful Ichimonji clan after its patriarch Hidetora decides to give control of his kingdom up to his three sons: Taro, Jiro, and Saburo. Taro, the eldest, will receive the prestigious First Castle and become leader of the Ichimonji clan, while Jiro and Saburo will be given the Second and Third Castles. Hidetora will remain the titular leader and retain the title of Great Lord. Jiro and Saburo are to support Taro, and Hidetora illustrates this by using a bundle of arrows.This is based on a parable of Mori Motonari: he handed each of his sons an arrow and asked for them to snap it. After each snapped their arrows, he showed them three arrows and asked if they could snap them. When they all failed, Motonari preached how one arrow could be broken easily but three arrows could not. However, in Ran Saburo smashes the bundle across his knee and calls the lesson stupid. Saburo criticizes the logic of Hidetora's plan. Hidetora achieved power through violence and treachery, he reminds his father, yet he foolishly expects his sons to be loyal to him. Hidetora mistakes these comments for a threat; and, when his servant Tango comes to Saburo's defense, he banishes both of them. Later, Fujimaki, a warlord who had witnessed these events, invites Saburo to his dominions and offers him his daughter to marry. Following Hidetora's abdication, Taro's wife Lady Kaede begins pushing for Taro to take direct control of the Ichimonji clan, and engineers a rift between Taro and Hidetora. Lady Kaede resents Hidetora for massacring her family in a previous war and forcing her to marry Taro. Matters come to a head when Hidetora kills one of Taro's guards who was threatening his fool Kyoami. When Taro subsequently demands that Hidetora renounce his title of Great Lord, Hidetora storms out of the castle. He then travels to Jiro's castle, only to discover that Jiro is more interested in using Hidetora as a pawn in his own power play. Hidetora and his escort leave Jiro's castle to wander, finding no food in the villages abandoned by the peasants. Eventually Tango appears with provisions. In a moment of anger Hidetora orders his escort to burn the villages down. Tango intervenes and Hidetora learns from him of Taro's decree: death to whoever aids his father. Hidetora journeys thus to the Third Castle, which had been abandoned after Saburo's forces followed their lord into exile. Tango and Kyoami only do not follow him. They take shelter in the castle only to be ambushed by the combined forces of Taro and Jiro. In a horrific massacre that is the centerpiece of the film, all of Hidetora's bodyguards fall in battle, two of his concubines stab each other to death in a mutual suicide, the others are shot during the storming, and the castle is set on fire. Hidetora is left to commit seppuku. However, to his dismay, Hidetora's sword has been broken and he cannot. Instead of killing himself, Hidetora has a psychotic episode and wanders away from the burning castle, his attackers unable to kill him because of their low status and too awe-struck by his transformation to stop him. As Taro and Jiro's forces storm the castle, Jiro's general Kurogane assassinates Taro by shooting him down in the confusion of the battle. Hidetora is discovered wandering in the wilderness by Tango and Kyoami, who along with Saburo remain the only people still loyal to him. They take refuge in a peasant's home only to discover that the occupant is Tsurumaru, the brother of Lady Sué , whom Hidetora had ordered blinded years ago. Upon his return from battle, Jiro begins having an affair with Lady Kaede, who quickly becomes the power behind his throne. She demands that Jiro divorce his wife Lady Sué and marry her instead. When he does so, she also demands that he have Sué killed. Kurogane is given the order but he publicly disobeys and warns Jiro not to trust his wife. Instead he warns Sue and Tsurumaru to flee, who will eventually reach their former home, a ruined castle that Hidetora had destroyed in an earlier war. Meanwhile, Hidetora's party hides out in the remains of the same castle. At one point Tango chases two men from Hidetora's bodyguard who he discovers had betrayed their former master. As Tango fights and kills the two traitors, one of them says that Jiro is talking of trying to hunt down and kill Hidetora, and since Hidetora refuses with terror to meet his youngest son, Tango rides off to bring Saburo to Hidetora instead, while Kyoami stays to assist the mad man. In his madness Hidetora is haunted by horrific visions of the people he destroyed in his quest for power. The insanity finally becomes too much for him to bear; eluding his servant, he flees into the wilderness. With Hidetora's location a mystery and his plight now known, Saburo's army crosses back into the kingdom to find him. Alarmed at what he suspects is treachery by Saburo and by the entry of two rival warlords on Saburo's side, Jiro hastily mobilizes his army to stop them. The two forces meet on the field of Hachiman. Sensing a major battle, Saburo's new patron Fujimaki marches to the border. Another rival warlord, Ayabe, also shows up with his own army. After arranging a truce with Jiro, Saburo rides off to find Hidetora. Against the advice of Kurogane, Jiro orders an attack, and his forces are decimated by arquebus fire from Saburo's army, who had fled into the nearby wilderness for cover. In the middle of the battle, word reaches Jiro and Kurogane that Ayabe has slipped away with much of his army and is marching on the First Castle. Jiro's army promptly disintegrates and flees back to the castle. In the end, Saburo finds Hidetora. The two are reunited and Hidetora comes to his senses. However, Saburo is promptly shot and killed by shooters that Jiro had sent out earlier. Overcome with grief, Hidetora dies, marking the end of the Ichimonji clan. When Kurogane hears that Lady Sué has been finally murdered by one of Jiro's men, Kurogane beheads Lady Kaede after she admits that all of her actions were to avenge herself against the Ichimonji clan and destroy it. Jiro, Kurogane, and all Jiro's men die in the battle with Ayabe's army that follows. The film ends with a shot of Tsurumaru, blind and alone, on top of the ruined castle."] ['Olivier , a carpenter by trade who teaches at a trades training centre, knowingly takes on Francis Thorion, the murderer of his son, as an apprentice. Francis is unaware of his connection with Olivier from five years ago. Olivier, tormented by the loss of his son and his separation from his wife, develops a slight obsession with Francis. He stalks him home, steals his keys and explores his apartment, whilst slowly discovering more about the boy. Francis looks up to Olivier, seeing him as a surrogate role-model. With this on his mind, Olivier is ultimately torn between hatred for the murderer of his son and the moral ambiguity of accepting this child from a broken home and disillusioned past.'] ["Casey Baker  is a 12-year-old girl whose best friend is her grandfather, Charlie . Charlie has been like her surrogate parent since she was 4 years old, when Casey's mother died. Her still-grieving father, Jeffrey , has kept his distance. When Jeffrey is away on a business trip, Charlie has a heart attack, and Casey finds herself alone making some critical decisions for her grandfather."] ["At an expensive English boarding school for boys, Roddy Berwick  is School Captain and star rugby player. He and his best friend Tim  start seeing a waitress Mabel . Out of pique, she tells the headmaster that she is pregnant and that Roddy is the father. In fact it was Tim, who cannot afford to be expelled because he needs to win a scholarship to attend Oxford University. Promising Tim that he will never reveal the truth, Roddy accepts expulsion. Returning to his parents’ home, he finds that his father  believes him guilty of the false accusation.{{cite web}} . Leaving home, Roddy finds work as an actor in a theatre. He marries the leading actress Julia  after inheriting £30,000 from a relation. The unfaithful Julia secretly continues an affair with her leading man ([[Ian Hunter  and discards Roddy after his inheritance is exhausted. He becomes a gigolo in a Paris music hall but soon quits over self loathing at romancing older women for money. Roddy ends up alone and delirious in a shabby room in Marseilles. Some sailors take pity on him and ship him back home, possibly hoping for reward. Roddy's father has learned the truth about the waitress's false accusation during his son's absence and joyfully welcomes him back. Roddy resumes his previous life."] ['{{Plot}} Jack Leary , his younger brother Dylan , and father John  start over in Oakland, California in 1972, following the death of the boys\' mother. John, who hosted a children\'s program back in Syracuse, now hosts the local late-night show Midnight Shriek, entertaining the audience during horror films as "Al Gory." He is devoted to his two sons, though his drinking problem disrupts the smooth running of the household, as some of his parental duties fall to Jack, who also rebels against his father\'s off-beat personality. One of the Learys\' neighbors, a young man named Norman Strick  who walks with a cane due to a twisted leg, shows up at their home one Halloween evening, seeking a donation for a racially-prejudiced candidate. John refuses, and shuts the door in Norman\'s face. Obviously bothered that Norman lives across the street, John gets drunk, and his performance on his TV show mimics the racially-charged beliefs of his neo-Nazi neighbor. He is subsequently asked to take time off from his show. The morning after John\'s performance, Jack finds Norman\'s dog, Cheyenne, dead on their front lawn. Jack encourages John to talk to Norman about it, and though John apologizes for his actions on television and insists he did not poison Cheyenne, Norman refuses to shake John\'s hand. Jack has a young love affair with Karen Morris , but after his father\'s disastrous performance on television, she breaks up with him. Jack\'s world begins to tear apart, and the pressure of filling in for his father begins to take its toll. He begins to take out his anger on Dylan, is seen taking a drink just like his father, and he begins to curse when angry. Dylan disappears and next-door neighbor Dexter  claims Norman kidnapped him. Jack calls the police and he and John are extremely worried until Dylan is found in a nearby forest. While Norman did not physically hurt him, being abandoned in the woods for so long has left Dylan traumitized and appears left unable to speak from it. Norman has vanished, and days later, Dylan still has not spoken. During a visit from his disapproving in-laws, John takes out his frustration by going to the Strick home with a bat. Norman is not there, and after John briefly terrorizes the man\'s parents , John destroys Norman\'s beloved T-Bird with the bat. John, fearful of his current state, lets his in-laws take the boys to their Los Angeles home. Jack decides that he cannot handle the parenting methods of his grandfather , and sneaks back to Oakland. John, meanwhile, decides to try and give up drinking and spends the day trying to get his job back. Jack arrives home, while he\'s still out, and falls asleep to the TV. John arrives home and shortly after, Jack is awoken by the electricity going off. We see someone walking with a cane, indicating that Norman has gained entry to the home. Jack knows there is an intruder, and he accidentally knocks John out with a bat. Norman says "Home run, Jack", and chases Jack upstairs and out the bathroom window. Jack jumps for a branch in a nearby tree, and Norman pursues him. John has recovered, and yells from the window, warning the neo-Nazi to stay away from his son. Jack screams for his father. As Norman crawls toward him, Jack watches in horror as the man falls into his neighbor\'s yard and is attacked and killed by the neighbor\'s Doberman Pinschers. Soon after, Norman\'s parents move away and Dylan returns home. John gets his job back, but shows more comical horror films, like Abbott and Costello. One afternoon, the neighborhood children all appear and ask if John will play a monster game with them . However, after his experiences with Norman, he tells the children he won\'t play monster game anymore. When they ask him why, John sees Dexter . Dexter, who has a something of a side story in the movie and comes from a broken home with his grandparents, has now strayed from his friends after he had become acquainted with Norman. As John watches Dexter smoking a cigarette, realizing he\'s going down a dark path. John looks to the children that there are real monsters out there, but he promises to play another better game with them. In the end scene, Jack is playing his mother\'s favorite song at the piano and asks his still mute brother what it was. He doesn\'t appear to remember. Jack, then breaks down crying and tells John that "Nothing is all right." "Then we\'re going to make it all right." John answers, adding "Daddy\'s here" as he and his son embrace having reached their point. Dylan, then, comes over and answers "Jack the Bear." All three embrace emotionally. The final scene fades as John watches his sons playing in the front yard.'] ["The movie is the story of a family that moves from the rural home in Appalachia to Detroit Michigan where the father intends to find work in a factory. Fonda's character, Gertie, is hesitant to leave their home; her husband Clovis believes that it will bring the family a regular income and better way of living. What Fonda's Gertie finds is a new place to exist, rather than live, and the family settles down in a tar paper shack by the railroad tracks in an industrial area. All the while Gertie holds onto her homespun ways, one of which is through carving. Her husband begins to dismiss her talents and puts down Gertie for holding onto her folk art in a modern world. Still, her handiwork is admired by those around her. One of the items that she hangs onto is a piece of a tree limb in which she sees a figure of Jesus calling to her to carve it from it. One setback after another begins to pull the family apart. Gertie's husband doesn't find work and begins to get involved with matters that trouble her; her children begin to also get involved in unsavory affairs. The event that breaks Gertie's passivity to her situation is the death of her youngest daughter, who is killed by a railroad car. She confronts her husband, whose best of intentions has led the family to this tragedy; Gertie decides that she will earn enough money to get the family back home to where it belongs. To do this she will make dolls, but she has no material from which she can carve the dolls. It is then that she takes the treasured piece of lumber that she longed to carve the Christ figure from, and splits it  with an axe. From one piece of wood, she will carve many dolls. It is the only way to save the family. From this sacrifice, the family is able to return to their home."] ['Kamran is a 12 year old boy in the present day who discovers that his ancestor is the 11th century mathematician, astronomer, and poet of Persia, Omar Khayyam. The story has been passed down in his family from one generation to another, and now it is his responsibility to keep the story alive for future generations. The film takes us from the modern day to the epic past where the relationship between Omar Khayyam, Hassan Sabbah  and their mutual love for a beautiful woman separate them from their eternal bond of friendship. Filmed almost entirely on location in Samarkand and Bukhara, Uzbekistan.'] ['A divorced mother does her best to hide the scars of emotional and physical abuse inflicted upon her by her son, and when authorities begin to suspect that she is the abuser in their relationship, she must face the truth of the matter.'] [' My Family And Other Animals tells the story of the Durrell family, Lawrence Durrell, Leslie Durrell, Margaret Durrell and Gerald Durrell, as well as their mother Louisa Durrell, as they spend five years  on the Greek island of Corfu. The family reside in a series of villas, and spend their time indulging in their varying interests. Gerald develops his passion for wildlife, his mother spends her time cooking; Larry writes; Leslie develops his passion for ballistics and sailing, whilst Margo sunbathes and enchants the local young men.'] ["Monique Mélinand portrays a woman in the late stages of terminal illness. Her son Philippe , Philippe's wife Nathalie , and her husband Roger  attempt to comfort her as she navigates through her ordeal. However, those two closest men in her personal life begin to get more involved in their relationships with multiple mistresses. Her husband flirts with customers in their clothing and haberdashery store while her son flirts with her nurses. The film incorporates elements of Mozart’s opera Così fan tutte to poetic effect, relating to these scenes.{{citeweb}}"] ["Summer Snow tells the story of the relationship between a widower with Alzheimer's disease and his daughter-in-law, May Sun,{{cite web}} who is a housewife in her forties trying cope with the upheavals in her family. Her supportive mother-in-law has just died and her husband, who is a driving test examiner, is not giving her the support."] ["Estranged sisters Isobel and Marion are forced to reunite when their father dies and they must decide how to handle Katherine, their young, alcoholic, mentally unstable stepmother who has been left nothing but the rural home in which they were raised. Isobel and her lover Patrick own a small graphic design company that is struggling to stay afloat. Her sister suggests she and her born-again Christian husband Tom help them expand the business by finding investors and making Katherine a partner responsible for finding new business. Isobel has grave misgivings about the plan, but finally agrees to it when Marion convinces Patrick of its potential success. Before long, the strain of running the expanded business impacts Isobel's relationship with Patrick, who is becoming increasingly dependent upon her, while at the same time Katherine's tenuous hold on sanity begins to unravel."] ["In Tudor England, two boys are born on the same day in the most different circumstances imaginable. Tom  is the son of vicious criminal John Canty , while Edward  is a prince and the heir of King Henry VIII of England . One grows up in poverty, hungering for something better for himself and his family, the other in isolated luxury, with a strong curiosity about the outside world. When they are youngsters, they meet and are astounded by their striking resemblance to each other. As a prank, they exchange clothes, but the Captain of the Guard  mistakes the prince for the pauper and throws him out of the palace grounds. Tom is unable to convince anybody except for the Earl of Hertford  of his identity. Everyone else is convinced that he is mentally ill. When Henry VIII dies, Hertford threatens to expose Tom unless he does as he is told. Hertford also blackmails the Captain into searching for the real prince to eliminate the dangerous loose end. Meanwhile, Edward finds an amused, if disbelieving protector in Miles Hendon . An attempt to assassinate the boy on the instigation of the Earl of Hertford, who fears for his power if the real king lives, changes Hendon's opinion of Edward's story. With Hendon's help, Edward manages to re-enter the palace just in time to interrupt the coronation ceremony and prove his identity. Tom is made a ward of the new king, Hertford is banished for life, and Hendon is rewarded for his services."] ["The movie opens up with Brian and his mother getting a package. She later gives it to Brian revealing it to be a hatchet at the airport. When Brian gets on the single engine plane with the pilot they have a short conversation. The pilot lets Brian fly the plane and Brian enjoys it. However, when the pilot has a heart attack and dies, the plane crashes in the wilderness of Canada, leaving Brian to try to survive, all while dealing with his parents' divorce."] ['In 1982 Johnny and Sarah Sullivan and their daughters Christy and Ariel enter the United States on a tourist visa via Canada, where Johnny was working as an actor. The family settles in New York City, in a rundown Hell\'s Kitchen tenement occupied by drug addicts, transvestites, and a reclusive Nigerian artist/photographer named Mateo Kuamey. Hanging over the family is the death of their young son Frankie, who died from a brain tumor. The devout Roman Catholic Johnny questions God and has lost any ability to feel true emotions, which has affected his relationship with his family. Christy believes she has been granted three wishes by her dead brother, which she only uses at times of near-dire consequences for the family as they try to survive in New York. After finding the apartment, Sarah gets a job in the local ice cream parlor to support the family while Johnny auditions for any role for which he is suited, with no success. Despite their poverty, the initial joy of being in the United States and the closeness of the family gives them the energy to make the most of what they have, and Christy chronicles the events of their life with a cherished camcorder. But as money runs low and the city\'s temperatures soar, tensions between Johnny and Sarah begin to rise with them. Not helping their financial and emotional strain is the discovery that Sarah is pregnant. Johnny finds work as a cab driver to augment their income and help pay for the girls\' Catholic school tuition. On Halloween, the girls become friendly with Mateo when they knock at his door to trick-or-treat. Despite Johnny\'s reticence about the somewhat imposing and forbidding man, Sarah invites him to their apartment for dinner, and eventually they learn that the man is sad and lonely because he is dying of AIDS. Later, Mateo falls down a flight of stairs and is knocked unconscious. Christy tries to resuscitate him using CPR, although she is warned away from him by the other residents, who seem to be aware that he is HIV-positive. The man\'s condition continues to deteriorate as Sarah\'s fetus develops. The baby is born prematurely and in poor health, and is in need of a blood transfusion. Johnny and Sarah are ultimately nervous not only about the baby\'s survival chances, but also of the skyrocketing hospital bills that will now need to be paid following the baby\'s delivery, causing Sarah to have a brief nervous breakdown and blame Johnny for Frankie\'s death, and tearfully berates him. However, after calming her down, Johnny and Sarah agree to the blood transfusion but without giving the baby "bad blood," as using hospital blood banks was the source of Mateo\'s contraction of HIV. Shortly, it is discovered that Christy has a compatible blood type to donate with, and Mateo\'s death coincides with the first healthy movements of the infant following a blood transfusion from Christy. After the successful operation, the family is startled to learn that Mateo had settled and paid for their astronomical hospital bill before he had died, upon the discovery that Mateo was in possession of a large trust fund he never spent. In return for his generous act, they give the newborn baby girl the middle name of Mateo in gratitude and to honor his memory. With the birth of the new baby and the death of Mateo, Johnny finally is able to overcome his lack of emotion and put his grieving for Frankie to rest. he also finally catches a brake by getting a small role in A Chorus Line on Broadway. The film ends after a baby shower at the apartment is held for the Sullivan family with many of the apartment tenants present to celebrate, and Christy and the rest of her family overlook the view of the city and look out for Mateo in the night\'s sky.'] ["Hari is the only son of Kumaran who runs a local tea stall in a village. Meera is Hari's childhood friend who still loves to be with children. Meera is not married inspite of many proposals as she has yet to reach maturity. Meera loves Hari, but Hari only saw her as a friend. Hari loves another girl Akhila and her father insists that he will marry her off only to a Government Employee. After Hari gets a Government job, he marries Akhila. The marriage of Hari makes meera unhappy and she becomes depressed. The superstious villagers started believing that Meera is mentally ill and its bad for the village. The villages threatens Meera and her mother and orders them to vacate the village. The movie ends when Meera finally becomes mature making her and her mother happy."] ['{{plot}} The film begins at a dinner party at the Carvers\' house as the adults discuss pop culture references that defined the 1970s: the Watergate scandal, swinging parties for married couples, and the pornographic film Deep Throat. The Hood family includes Ben , Elena  and their children, 16-year-old Paul  and 14-year-old Wendy . Their neighbors, the Carvers, include Jim , Janey  and their children: Mikey  and Sandy . Both families are depicted as uncommunicative. Ben, dissatisfied in his marriage and with the futility of his career, is having an affair with Janey. Elena is bored with her life and is looking to expand her thinking but is unsure of how to do so. Wendy enjoys sexual games with her school peers. Paul, an occasional drug user, is trying to bed his schoolmate Libbets Casey . Jim\'s sons are lonely and confused: Mikey plays along with Wendy\'s sexual games, while Sandy is obsessed with violence. Jim travels for his job and is, for the most part, not involved in his children\'s lives. In one scene he returns from a trip to find that his sons had not even realized he had been gone. Janey, who appears to be carrying on with a number of other men in addition to Ben, finds Jim to be largely an annoyance and would prefer he remain gone all the time. Elena, who is becoming tired and bored with her life, buys spiritual and self-help books and becomes friendly with the hippie-ish minister of a local church. She is ultimately turned off by his subtle passes and his patronizing behavior towards her. Later she attempts to shoplift, but is caught in the act. During their trysts, Ben obsesses to Janey over his displeasure with his job and his frustrations at continually being bested by his colleague, smarmy George Clair . Janey, however, seems to have become bored with the arrangement since she has now become unfaithful, not only to her husband but to Ben as well. She abruptly leaves the room just prior to a planned sexual encounter with Ben, excusing herself to get "birth control pills" but instead flees the house leaving Ben alone. Realizing that she is not returning, Ben prepares to leave but comes upon his daughter Wendy in the Carvers\' basement initiating a sex act with Mikey . Ben then has an awkward discussion with Wendy about "the birds and the bees". Wendy  is visibly bored with the conversation. Seeing this, he changes tack and tells her he\'s really not all that upset with her, except that he thinks that Mikey may not "be right" for her. As the evening begins, a storm hits New Canaan which evolves into a dangerous ice storm. When Ben reveals to Elena that he found Wendy in the Carvers\' basement, she is more concerned with what he was doing there, eventually concluding  that he must be having an affair with Janey. They have a brief argument over it prior to attending a neighborhood party, which turns out to be a swinger\'s key party. Elena suspects that Ben was aware of the nature of the party and had plotted to mark his keys so Janey could fish them out. In her resentment, she decides to participate in the key party. Concurrently, Paul has taken the train into Manhattan. Paul is excited that Libbets has invited him to visit her that evening. He tries to keep this a secret from his roommate, Francis , since Francis has the habit of bedding every girl he discovers Paul is attracted to. Paul is then disheartened to discover Francis has also been invited. The three listen to music and begin drinking and smoking marijuana. It becomes clear that Libbets is more responsive to Francis\' direct advances than to Paul\'s more subtle ones. Paul attempts to drug Francis with Libbets\' mother\'s sleeping medication so that he will be out of commission for the evening, but Libbets also takes one of the pills. Francis, however, passes out first. Libbets and Paul leave him to sleep it off on the floor and Paul tries to make his move on Libbets. He is visibly disappointed when she tells him that she only thinks of him "like a brother" before she too passes out. Wendy decides to make her way to the Carvers\' to see Mikey, but he has decided to go out into the ice storm, so she and Sandy climb into bed together and remove their clothes. They drink from a bottle of vodka and Wendy tries to seduce him; however, they both fall asleep. Meanwhile, as the key party progresses, Ben becomes drunk. When Janey chooses the keys of another man, Ben attempts to protest but trips and knocks his head on the coffee table, leading Jim to realize that his wife and Ben are having an affair. Ben, in his embarrassment, retreats to the bathroom where he remains for the rest of the evening. The remaining key party participants are paired off and leave together with only Jim and Elena remaining. She retrieves Jim\'s keys from the bowl and returns them to him. After debating the issue, Jim and Elena leave together, engaging in a quick, clumsy sexual encounter in the front seat of Jim\'s car. Jim, regretting the line he and Elena have just crossed, agrees to drive her home. Meanwhile, Mikey, out walking in the storm, is enchanted by the beauty of the trees and fields covered in ice. He slides down an icy hill then sits on a guardrail to rest. A moment later a power line, broken by a fallen tree, connects with the guardrail and he is electrocuted. Jim and Elena return to the Carvers\' house as dawn is breaking. Elena walks in on her daughter in bed with Sandy and orders her to get dressed. Janey had also returned home earlier and curled up on her bed in the fetal position without bothering to take off her party clothes. Although it is not revealed what transpired between Janey and her \'key partner\', she is visibly exhausted and sad. Ben has sobered up by this time and begins driving home. He discovers Mikey\'s body on the side of the road and carries it back to the Carvers\' house. The two families are drawn together by Mikey\'s death and Wendy hugs the shocked and numbed Sandy in an attempt to comfort him. Jim is devastated while Janey remains asleep and ignorant to the recent events. Ben, Elena and Wendy then drive to the train station to pick up Paul who is returning from Libbets\' apartment, his train delayed by the ice and the power failure caused by the downed wire. Once all four are together in the car, Ben breaks down, sobbing uncontrollably at the wheel as his family looks on in astonishment.'] ['Nomadic, flaky Caroline Wolff  just wants to settle down in one place, find a decent man, and provide a better home for her and her son, Toby . When she moves to Seattle and meets the seemingly respectable Dwight Hansen  , she thinks she has got it made. Toby, however, feels differently after Dwight\'s true personality is revealed after spending a few months with Dwight and his children away from Caroline. The boy\'s stepfather-to-be seems to want to mold Toby into a better person, but his method includes emotionally, verbally, and physically abusing the boy. The marriage proceeds, and soon Caroline, too, recognizes Dwight\'s need to dominate everyone around him. She sticks with it, though, convinced it is the best thing for her son, and several years of dysfunction ensue. During this time, Toby befriends a classmate, the misfit and ambiguously homosexual, Arthur Gayle . Toby continues to chafe under the yoke of his repressive stepfather. Hoping to leave Concrete and live with his older brother Gregory, Toby decides to apply for east-coast prep-school scholarships. Realizing his grades are not adequate to apply, Toby devises a plan to submit falsified grade reports. Meanwhile, the friendship between Arthur and Toby becomes strained when Arthur confronts Toby regarding his behavior; Arthur tells Toby he is acting more and more like Dwight and asks Toby, "why should you be the one who gets to leave?" Even so, Arthur helps his friend get the papers Toby needs to falsify his grade records and Toby sends in his prep-school applications. When Toby tells Arthur he can leave Concrete and have a better life too, Arthur tells him he will most likely stay. After numerous rejections, Toby is accepted to the Hill School in Pottstown, Pennsylvania with a full scholarship. At the end of the film following two years of marriage, Caroline defends Toby during a physically violent argument between her son and husband and they are both seen leaving Dwight and Concrete. The real Dwight died in 1992. Caroline got remarried to a good man and lives in Florida. Arthur left Concrete after all, and became a successful businessman in Italy. Dwight\'s children all married and lived in Seattle.'] ['An extended family has moved from the city  to live in a large house out in the mountains, which they convert into a lodge for hikers. Consisting of a middle aged father Kang Dae-Goo , mother Jeong Soon-Ryae , Dae-Goo\'s younger brother Kang Chang-Goo , and their adult children Kang Young-Min , Kang Mi-Soo  and Kang Mina  they suffer a string of misfortunes as various patrons come to stay. Their first guest, a hiker, asks for a room and three beers. Left to himself, he spends the night forging his room key holder to be sharp enough to stab himself and is found dead the next morning. The father of the family decides on burying the body in the woods, under the assumption that no one would believe this to be a suicide. Later, a young couple drops in for a stay to have sex in the privacy of their room and end up dead together the next morning. A pair of friends from town stop by for drinks until one of the men falls for Mi-Soo and subsequently attempts to rape her, but she is saved by Young-Min, who accidentally ends up pushing the man off a cliff, while his friend is taken captive by the family to prevent him from calling the police. Mr. Park, the benefactor of the family  later asks for their lodging for his younger  half sister to have a hitman check into the neighboring room at midnight and murder her so he can be the only successor to claim inheritance of the soon profitable land. Uninformed of the plan, Uncle Kang senses foul play and sends the half sister home to Seoul when she is found to be restless. The plan goes further awry when the hitman arrives fifteen minutes late, and the room had been taken by an undercover cop investigating the recent string of missing people, mistaken to be the hitman. The hitman thus ends up killing the cop instead, and later gets killed by a suspicious Young-Min. A heavy rainstorm overnight nearly uncovers the buried corpses by morning, leaving the family no choice but to incinerate them. When uncle returns from the trip to Seoul, he angers Dae-Goo who had hoped to settle Mr. Park\'s plot without any trouble. A fight ensues as uncle is beaten senseless but is saved from a blow to the head by Young-Min who then trips, hitting his head on the stairs, he is whisked to the hospital, leaving the elderly parents the only ones left to finish the job. The local man, having been imprisoned, bound and gagged, tries to make his escape but gets his ropes tangled in several trees as he escapes the lodge. Soon enough, Mr. Park drops in unannounced to check if his sister-in-law has been terminated as planned, but is in complete shock when he sees Mr. Kang and Mrs. Jeong carrying the corpse of the undercover cop, knowing that he wasn\'t the hitman. A brief struggle begins when Mr. Park tries to escape without trying to figure out just what exactly has happened, and ends after he accidentally falls to his death down the stairs, adding yet another body to be done away with for the family. To drive away attention, Mrs. Jeong switches off the circuits throughout the lodge and outside storage where she and her husband are piling the corpses, dousing them in gasoline. Mina, trying to watch TV, asks for Uncle Kang to switch the circuits back on, inadvertently causing a socket in the storage to burst in flames, triggering the cremation fire prematurely, trapping the parents inside. Meanwhile, Young-Min is in the hospital recovering from his concussion and laughing insanely over a news report on the shooting of a North Korean agent wandering through the forest. After an uncertain amount of time later, Uncle Kang, Young-Min, Mi-Soo, and Mina are preparing to serve dinner, totally unaware of the fire in the storage building. The parents return, in bandages, having survived the fire. Without a single word, the family quietly has dinner until there is a sudden knock at the door. Unsure of what to do, they all stand quietly in the doorway of the dining room, waiting for whoever is at the door to go away. When the dog starts barking at the knocking, the family, in unison hushes the dog; they have become the quiet family. The film ends with a wide shot of the lodge in winter, with Mina outside, looking at it, and then to the camera with an uncertain look on her face; all to the sound of The Partridge Family\'s "I Think I Love You".'] ['The backdrop for Meet Me in St. Louis is St. Louis, Missouri on the brink of the 1904 World\'s Fair. The Smith family lead a comfortable middle-class life. Mr. Alonzo Smith ([[Leon Ames  and Mrs. Anna Smith  have four daughters: Rose , Esther, Agnes, and Tootie; and a son, Lon Jr.  Esther, the second eldest daughter , is in love with the boy next door, John Truett , although he does not notice her at first. Rose is expecting a phone call in which she hopes to be proposed to by Warren Sheffield . Esther finally gets to meet John properly when he is a guest at the Smiths\' house party, although her chances of romancing him don\'t go to plan when, after all the guests are gone and he is helping her turn off the gas lamps throughout the house, he tells her she uses the same perfume as his grandmother and that she has "a mighty strong grip for a girl". On Halloween, Tootie  returns home injured, claiming that John Truett attacked her. Without bothering to investigate, Esther confronts John, physically attacking him and scolding him for being a "bully". When Esther returns home, Tootie confesses that what really happened was that John was trying to protect Tootie and Agnes  from the police after a dangerous prank they pulled went wrong. Upon learning the truth, Esther immediately dashes to John\'s house next door to apologize, and they share their first kiss. Mr. Smith announces to the family that he is to be sent to New York on business and eventually they will all move. The family is devastated and upset at the news of the move, especially Rose and Esther whose romances, friendships, and educational plans are threatened. Esther is also aghast because they will miss the World\'s Fair. An elegant ball takes place on Christmas Eve. Esther is devastated when John cannot take her as his date, due to his leaving his tuxedo at the tailor\'s and being unable to get it back. But she is relieved when her grandfather ([[Harry Davenport  offers to take her instead. At the ball, Esther fills up a visiting girl\'s  dance card with losers because she thinks Lucille is a rival of Rose\'s. But when Lucille turns out to be interested in Lon, Esther switches her dance card with Lucille\'s and instead dances herself with the clumsy and awkward partners. After being rescued by Grandpa, she is overwhelmed when John unexpectedly turns up after somehow managing to obtain a tuxedo, and the pair dance together for the rest of the evening. Later on, John proposes to Esther and she accepts. Esther returns home to an upset Tootie. She is soothed by the poignant "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas." Tootie, however, does become more upset at the prospect of the family\'s move and runs downstairs, out into the cold to destroy the snowmen they have made. Mr. Smith sees his daughter\'s upsetting outburst from an upstairs window. Mr. Smith later announces that the family will not leave St. Louis after all when he realises how much the move will affect his family. Warren boldly declares his love for Rose, stating that they will marry at the first possible opportunity. And all of the family finally are able to attend the World\'s Fair. The film ends at night with the entire family  overlooking the Grand Lagoon at the center of the World\'s Fair just as thousands of lights illuminate the grand pavilions.'] ['The film follows a graduate student, Omar Razaghi , who wishes to write a biography on an obscure writer, Jules Gund, who died years before. He must travel to Uruguay to persuade the Gund family to authorize the biography.'] ['The film focuses on the March sisters - beautiful Meg , tempestuous Jo , tender Beth , and romantic Amy  - growing up in Concord, Massachusetts during and after the American Civil War. With their father away fighting in the war, the girls struggle with major and minor problems under the guidance of their strong-willed mother, affectionately called Marmee . As a means of escaping some of their problems, the sisters revel in performing in romantic plays written by Jo in their attic theater. Living next door to the family is wealthy Mr. Laurence ([[John Neville , whose grandson Theodore, nicknamed "Laurie" , moves in with him and becomes a close friend of the March family. Mr. Laurence becomes a mentor for Beth, whose exquisite piano-playing reminds him of his deceased daughter, and Meg falls in love with Laurie\'s tutor John Brooke . Mr. March is wounded in the war and Marmee is called away to nurse him. While Marmee is away, Beth contracts scarlet fever from a neighbor\'s infant. Awaiting Marmee\'s return, Meg and Jo send Amy away to live with their Aunt March. Prior to Beth\'s illness, Jo had been Aunt March\'s companion for several years, and while she was unhappy with her position she tolerated it in the hope her aunt one day would take her to Europe. Amy thrives as Aunt March\'s new companion. Mr. March returns home just prior to Christmas. Four years pass; Meg and John Brooke marry, and Beth\'s health is deteriorating steadily. Laurie graduates from college and proposes to Jo and asks her to go to London with him, but realizing she thinks of him more as a big brother than a romantic prospect, she refuses his offer. Jo later deals with the added disappointment that Aunt March has decided to take Amy, who is now sixteen , with her to Europe instead of her. Crushed, Jo departs for New York City to pursue her dream of writing and experiencing life. There she meets Friedrich Bhaer , a German professor who challenges and stimulates her intellectually, introduces her to opera and philosophy, and encourages her to write better stories than the lurid Victorian melodramas she has penned so far. In Europe, Amy reunites with her old childhood friend Laurie. Finding he has become dissolute and irresponsible, she censures him and refuses to have anything more to do with him until he mends his ways. Laurie decides to go to London to work for his grandfather and make himself worthy of Amy. Jo is summoned home to see Beth, who finally dies of the lingering effects of the scarlet fever that have plagued her for the past four years. Grieving for her sister, Jo retreats to the comfort of the attic and begins to write her life story. Upon its completion, she sends it to Professor Bhaer. Meanwhile, Meg gives birth to twins Demi and Daisy. A letter from Amy informs the family Aunt March is too ill to travel, so Amy must remain in Europe with her. In London, Laurie receives a letter from Jo in which she informs him of Beth\'s death and mentions Amy is in Vevey, unable to come home. Laurie immediately travels to be at Amy\'s side. The two eventually return to the March home as husband and wife. Aunt March dies and she leaves Jo her house, which she decides to convert into a school. Professor Bhaer arrives with the printed galley proofs of her manuscript and announces he is departing for the West, where he has found a position as a teacher. When he discovers it was Amy and not Jo who wed Laurie, he proposes marriage and Jo accepts.'] ['{{see also}}{{see also}} Jesse Aarons  is a seventh-grade aspiring artist living with his financially struggling family in Lark Creek, Virginia. He rides the bus to his elementary school with his little sister May Belle , where he avoids the school bully, Janice Avery . In class, Jesse is teased by classmates Scott Hoager  and Gary Fulcher , and meets a new student his age by the name Leslie Burke . At recess, Jesse enters a running event, for which he had been training at home. Leslie also enters and manages to beat all the boys, much to Jesse\'s irritation. On the way home, Jesse and Leslie learn that they are next-door neighbors. Later in the evening, Jesse becomes frustrated when he finds that May Belle drew in his notebook, but his mom  who favors her daughters and his strict father  sides with her. He later watches them gardening together, disappointed that his father never spends time with him. The next day at school, Leslie compliments Jesse\'s drawing ability after seeing his notebook, and they soon become best friends. Every day after school they venture into the woods and swing across a creek on a rope. Jesse and Leslie find an abandoned tree house and a broken down truck on the other side, and invent a new world, which Leslie names "Terabithia". The fantasy world, which is a reflection on their lives, comes to life through their eyes as they explore the surroundings and spend their free time in the tree house getting to know each other, ruling Terabithia as King and Queen. Leslie gives Jesse an art kit for his birthday, much to his delight. Later, he gives her a puppy, whom she decides to name Prince Terrien . Once in Terabithia, they fight with various creatures, including a troll resembling Janice. In one particular scene, Leslie walks onto a log and shouts "We rule Terabithia and nothing crushes us!" At school, Janice puts a fee on entering the girls\' bathroom. Leslie becomes frustrated by her fee and she and Jesse play a prank on Janice. A while later Janice pranks Jesse by pretending to fall over and accuses Jesse of tripping her over on purpose. Jesse is forced off the bus. Once Leslie\'s parents finish writing their book, she and Jesse help paint their house. Jesse is impressed by her parents\' happiness, and smiles as he watches their family. At school on Friday, Leslie hears Janice Avery crying in the bathroom. After Leslie talks with her, she discovers that the reason why Janice is a bully is that she is abused by her father, and they become friends. Jesse and Leslie then take P.T. to Terabithia, where they fight off several creatures resembling students at their school. They decide to go home when it starts raining and the creek gets higher than ever, and Jesse realizes that he has started having feelings for Leslie as she runs back to her house, for the last time. The next morning, Ms. Edmunds , Jesse\'s music teacher, calls to invite him on a one-on-one field trip to an art museum. Jesse tries to ask his mother\'s permission; however, she is half-asleep and he takes her mumbling as approval. Jesse does not ask Leslie to accompany him, and merely looks at her house as they drive by. When he returns home, Jesse finds that his father and mother are worried sick because they did not know where he was. His father tells him that Leslie drowned in the creek after falling in  because the rope broke in the same morning when Jesse went to the museum. The family therefore thought that Jesse had drowned too. Jesse is heartbroken, and says he doesn\'t believe that Leslie drowned. The following day, Jesse and his parents visit the Burke family home to pay their respects. Leslie\'s father, Bill Burke , tells Jesse that she loved him, and thanks him for being a very good friend to her, since she had trouble making friends at her old school. Jesse feels overwhelming guilt for Leslie\'s death because he didn\'t invite her to the museum trip and for not being there for her. He runs back into the forest, and breaks down in tears. His father tells him that it\'s not his fault and says, "She brought you something special when she came here, didn\'t she? That\'s what you hold on to. That\'s how you keep her alive". Jesse decides to re-imagine Terabithia and builds a bridge with a sign saying "Nothing Crushes Us" across the creek to welcome a new ruler. He invites his sister May Belle to enter Terabithia; she is delighted because she was previously denied every opportunity to enter. She and Jesse bring back Terabithia in even greater splendor, with Jesse as king and his sister as princess.'] ["The story is set during 1907–09 , in the Swedish town of Uppsala. It deals with a young boy, Alexander , his sister Fanny , and their well-to-do family, the Ekdahls. The siblings' parents are both involved in theater and are happily married until the father's sudden death through a stroke. Shortly thereafter, their mother, Emilie , finds a new suitor in the local bishop, a handsome widower, and accepts his proposal of marriage, moving into his ascetic home and putting the children under his stern and unforgiving rule. He is particularly hard on Alexander, trying to break his will by every means, something Emilie had not expected. The children and their mother soon live as virtual prisoners in the bishop's house until finally the Ekdahl family intervenes, urged by Emilie who has secretly been in touch with her former mother-in-law Helena and told her of their dire situation. With help from an old friend, a Jewish antiques dealer, as well as some magic, the children are smuggled out of the house, but the Ekdahls' attempts to bribe or threaten the bishop into divorce fail. Emilie, by now pregnant, slips her husband a sedative and flees as he sleeps, after which a fire breaks out and the bishop is burnt to death. In the meantime, Alexander has met the Jewish merchant's mysterious nephew, Ismael Retzinsky, and fantasized about his stepfather's death – it is as if Alexander's fantasy comes true as he dreams it. The story ends on a mainly happy, life-affirming note, with the christening of Emilie's and the late bishop's daughter as well as the illegitimate daughter of Alexander's uncle, Gustav Adolf Ekdahl ; this fruit of the lustful man's affair with the nanny, Maj, is cheerfully adopted into the Ekdahl clan. During the festivities however, Alexander encounters the ghost of the bishop who pushes him to the floor, signalling that he will never be completely free of him."] ["The film centers on the life of Tod Lubitch, who was born with an improperly functioning immune system. This means that contact with unfiltered air may kill him, so he must live out his life in incubator-like conditions. He lives with his parents, since they decided to move him from Texas Children's Hospital where he was being kept as a boy. He is constricted to staying in his room all his life, where he eats, learns, reads, and exercises, while being protected from the outside world by various coverings. As Tod grows up, he wishes to see more of the outside world and meet regular people his age. He is enrolled at the local school after being equipped with suitable protective clothing, similar in style to a space suit. He falls in love with his next door neighbor, Gina Biggs, and he must decide between following his heart and facing near-certain death, or remaining in his protective bubble forever. In the end, after having a discussion with his doctor who tells him he has built up some immunities which may possibly be enough to survive the real world, he steps outside his house, unprotected, he and Gina ride off on her horse."] [' Having survived the hatred and bigotry that was his Klansman grandfather Sam Cayhall\'s  only legacy, young attorney Adam Hall  seeks to appeal the old man\'s death sentence for the murder of two Jewish children 30 years before. Only 28 days before Cayhall is to be executed, Adam meets his grandfather for the first time in the Mississippi State Penitentiary which has held him since his conviction in 1980. The meeting is predictably tense when the educated, young Mr. "Hall" confronts his venom-spewing elder, Mr. "Cayhall" about the murders. The next day, headlines run proclaiming Adam the grandson who has come to the state to save his grandfather, the infamous Ku Klux Klan bomber. While the old man\'s life lies in the balance, Adam\'s motivation in fighting this battle becomes clear as the story unfolds. He fights not only for his grandfather but also perhaps for himself. He has come to heal the wounds of his own father\'s suicide, to mitigate the secret shame he has always felt for having this man as a grandfather and to bring closure, one way or another, to the suffering the old man seems to have brought to everyone he has ever known.'] ["The main protagonist is Barry Gabrewski, an asthmatic boy who lives with his widowed father, Jerry Gabrewski, in Houston, Texas. A loner, Barry has vivid daydreams about being Chuck Norris's sidekick, battling against Norris's movie enemies - who are often personified by Barry's everyday bullies such as Randy Cellini . Noreen Chan , his favorite teacher, often plays the damsel in distress in his dreams. In order to fulfill his dreams at least in part, Barry wants to be taught martial arts, but is turned down by the arrogant dojo owner Kelly Stone  for being too weak. Instead, he is taken under the wing by an old Chinese man called Mr. Lee , the sly uncle of his teacher. Mr. Lee decides to teach Barry some kung fu so that he can defend himself from the bullies, and treats his asthma, increasing Barry's endurance. Barry later enters a tournament with Mr. Lee and Ms. Chan and finally sees his dreams fulfilled when Chuck Norris, originally only a guest at the tournament but persuaded by Lee to aid one of his most ardent fans, joins them as a team member."] ['In 1979,<ref name Cowie | first  The Godfather Book | publisher  1997 | page  978-0-571-19011-9}}<ref name Lebo | first  The Godfather Legacy | publisher  2005 | page  978-0-7432-8777-7 }} Michael Corleone  is nearing 60 and wracked with guilt for his ruthless rise to power, especially ordering the murder of his brother Fredo. By now, he has mostly retired from the Mafia, leaving the Corleone family\'s criminal interests in the hands of enforcer Joey Zasa , and is using his tremendous wealth and power to restore his reputation via numerous acts of charity. Michael and Kay  have been divorced since 1960, and Michael gave her custody of their children, Anthony  and Mary . At a ceremony in St. Patrick\'s Old Cathedral, Michael is named a Commander of the Order of St. Sebastian. At a party following the ceremony, Anthony tells his father that he is going to drop out of law school to pursue a career as an opera singer. Kay supports his choice, but Michael disagrees, wishing that his son would either finish law school or join the family business, but Anthony refuses to have anything to do with his father\'s "legacy". Michael and Kay have an uneasy reunion, in which Kay tells him that Anthony knows the truth about Fredo\'s death. Meanwhile, Vincent Mancini , the illegitimate son of Michael\'s late brother Sonny, shows up at the party. He is embroiled in a feud with Zasa, who has involved the Corleone family in major drug trafficking and turned Little Italy into a slum. Michael\'s sister Connie  arranges a "sit-down" between Vincent and Zasa in Michael\'s study. The discussion erupts into a fight, in which Vincent bites Zasa in the ear. That night Vincent has a one-night stand with a journalist named Grace Hamilton . Two men armed with knives and a gun break in and try to kill him. Vincent kills them both, but not before learning that Zasa sent them. Michael is troubled by Vincent\'s fiery temper, but is nonetheless impressed by his loyalty, and agrees to take his nephew under his wing. Meanwhile, Michael busies himself with the biggest deal of his career: He has recently bought up enough stock in International Immobiliare, an international real estate holding company known as "the world\'s biggest landlord", to become its largest single shareholder, with six seats on the company\'s 13-member board of directors. He now makes a tender offer to buy the Vatican\'s 25% interest in the company, which will give him controlling interest. Knowing that Archbishop Gilday , who serves as head of the Vatican Bank, has run up a massive deficit, he negotiates a deal to pay $600 million to the Bank in exchange for the shares. The deal is quickly approved by Immobiliare\'s board. However, it must be ratified in Rome by Pope Paul VI, who is gravely ill. Without his word, the deal is in limbo. Don Altobello , an elderly New York Mafia boss and old friend of the Corleones , soon visits Michael, telling him that his old partners on the Commission want in on the Immobiliare deal. Michael, however, is adamant that the deal shall be untainted by Mafia involvement. A meeting is arranged, and Michael appeases most of the Mafia bosses with payoffs from the sale of his Las Vegas holdings. Zasa, however, gets nothing and declares that Michael is his enemy and storms out. Altobello tells Michael that he will try to reason with Zasa and follows close behind. Minutes later, a helicopter hovers outside the conference room and sprays it with submachine gun fire. Most of the other mob bosses are killed, but Michael, Vincent, and Michael\'s bodyguard, Al Neri ([[Richard Bright , escape. Back at his penthouse in New York, Vincent tells Michael that those mob bosses who escaped the massacre made deals with Zasa. Michael knows that Zasa was not the mastermind of the massacre due to Zasa\'s being "muscle" and not having the cunning to organize such a scheme. Vincent wants to kill Zasa, but Michael refuses. As he considers how to respond to the situation, he suffers a diabetic stroke and is hospitalized, but not before realizing Altobello is the traitor. As Michael recuperates, Vincent begins a romantic relationship with Mary and plots revenge against Zasa. Neri and Connie give Vincent permission to act. During a street festival hosted by Zasa\'s Italian American civil rights group, Vincent\'s men gun down Zasa\'s bodyguards. Vincent, disguised as a policeman on horseback, shoots Zasa dead. When Michael discovers this, he berates Vincent for his rashness. Michael also insists that Vincent end his relationship with Mary, because Vincent\'s involvement in the family\'s criminal enterprises puts her life in jeopardy. The family takes a vacation to Sicily in preparation for Anthony\'s operatic debut in Palermo. They stay at the villa of Corleone family friend Don Tommasino . Michael tells Vincent to speak with Altobello and tell him that he is planning to leave the Corleone family. Altobello supports the idea of Vincent\'s switching his allegiance, and introduces him to Don Licio Lucchesi , a powerful Italian political figure and Immobiliare\'s chairman. Michael realizes that the Immobiliare deal is an elaborate conspiracy among Lucchesi, Archbishop Gilday, and Vatican accountant Frederick Keinszig  to swindle him out of his money, and visits Cardinal Lamberto , the man favored to become the next Pope, to speak about the deal. Lamberto convinces Michael to make his first confession in 30 years, in which he tearfully admits to ordering Fredo\'s murder. Lamberto tells Michael that he deserves to suffer for his sins, but that his life could still be redeemed. Shortly after the meeting between Vincent and Lucchesi, Altobello travels to the small village of Montelepre, where he hires Mosca , a veteran hitman, to assassinate Michael. A few days later, Mosca and his son Lupe, disguised as priests, attempt to kidnap Don Tommasino and force him to allow them entry to his villa. Tommasino refuses, and Mosca kills him. While touring Sicily with Kay, who has arrived for Anthony’s operatic debut, Michael asks for her forgiveness. As they both admit that they still love each other, Michael receives word that Tommasino is dead. At Tommassino\'s funeral, Michael swears over his old friend\'s coffin to sin no more. After the death of Pope Paul VI, Cardinal Lamberto is elected Pope John Paul I, which means that the Immobiliare deal will likely be ratified. The new Pope\'s intentions come as a death knell to the plot against the ratification of the Immobiliare deal, prompting frantic attempts by the plotters to cover their own tracks. Vincent tells Michael that he has learned from Altobello of Mosca\'s plot on his life. Michael sees that his nephew is a changed man, and makes him the new Don of the Corleone family. In exchange, Vincent agrees to put an end to his relationship with Mary. The family travels to Palermo to see Anthony perform the lead in Pietro Mascagni\'s Cavalleria rusticana, a tale of murderous revenge in a Sicilian setting. Meanwhile, Vincent exacts his own revenge: * Keinszig is abducted by Vincent\'s men, who smother him with a pillow and hang him from a bridge to make his death look like a suicide. * Don Altobello, also attending the opera, eats poisoned cannoli that his goddaughter Connie gives him. He dies as Connie watches sadly from her box. * Al Neri travels to the Vatican, where he shoots Archbishop Gilday. * Finally, Calò  meets with Don Lucchesi at his office, claiming to bear a message from Michael. As he pretends to whisper the message to Lucchesi, Calò stabs him in the throat with his own glasses. The killings are too late to save the Pope, however. Just hours after he approves the Immobiliare deal, the Pope drinks poisoned tea provided to him by Archbishop Gilday and soon dies in his bed. Mosca, still disguised as a priest and armed with a sniper rifle, descends upon the opera house during Anthony\'s performance, killing three of Vincent\'s men and preparing to shoot his target from a box, but the opera ends before he has the chance to pull the trigger. The assassin retreats to the opera house façade\'s staircase and tries to shoot Michael there. At the same moment, Mary confronts her father about the forced break-up with Vincent. Mosca fires twice, wounding Michael and accidentally killing Mary. Vincent then shoots him dead. As Kay and Connie weep, Michael cradles Mary\'s body in his arms and screams in agony. The scene dissolves to a short montage of Michael\'s memories of all the women he has lost, composed of scenes with Mary, Kay, and his first wife, Apollonia. The film ends with Michael, an old man, sitting in the garden of Don Tommasino\'s Sicilian villa. He slumps over in his chair, falls sideways to the ground, and dies alone, apart from his dog.'] ['While walking in his cornfield, novice farmer Ray Kinsella hears a voice that whispers, "If you build it, he will come", and sees a baseball diamond. His wife, Annie, is skeptical, but she allows him to plow under his corn to build the field. Nothing happens, and Ray soon faces financial ruin. Ray and Annie discuss replanting the corn, but their daughter, Karin, sees a man on the ballfield. Ray discovers that he is Shoeless Joe Jackson, a dead baseball player idolized by Ray\'s father. Thrilled to be able to play baseball again, Joe asks to bring others to play on the field. He later returns from the cornfield with the seven other players banned in the 1919 Black Sox scandal. Ray\'s brother-in-law, Mark, cannot see the baseball players, and warns Ray that he will go bankrupt unless he replants his crops. While in the field, Ray hears the voice again, this time urging him to "ease his pain." After attending a PTA meeting involving a resolution to ban books by author and activist-turned recluse Terrence Mann, Ray decides the voice is referring to Mann. Ray finds a magazine interview about Mann\'s childhood dream of playing for the Brooklyn Dodgers and his heartbreak when the team moved to Los Angeles, and convinces Annie that he should seek out the author after they both dream about Ray and Terrence attending a baseball game. Mann denies making the statement in the magazine, but Ray persuades him to attend a baseball game at Fenway Park. Ray hears the voice again, which urges him to "go the distance." The scoreboard shows statistics for a player named Archibald "Moonlight" Graham, who played one game for the New York Giants in 1922, but never had a turn at bat. Mann eventually admits to sharing the vision, and they travel to Chisholm, Minnesota where they learn that Graham became a doctor, but died 16 years earlier. During a late night walk, Ray realizes that he is in 1972, the year of Graham\'s death; he finds Graham who confesses to him that although he regrets never getting to bat, he would have regretted not being a doctor even more. He declines Ray\'s invitation to fulfill his dream.  While driving back to Iowa, Ray picks up a hitchhiker who introduces himself as Archie Graham. While Archie sleeps, Ray reveals that at age 14 he refused to play catch with his father after reading one of Terrence\'s books. Terrence replies that he is tired of being blamed for stories like Ray\'s. At the farm, enough players have arrived to field two teams, and Archie finally gets to bat. The next morning Mark implores Ray to sell the farm. Karin says that they won\'t need to because people will pay to watch the ball games. Terrence agrees that "people will come" to relive their childhood innocence, and Ray refuses to sell. Frustrated, Mark scuffles with Ray, accidentally knocking Karin off the top of the bleachers. Archie runs to help and, stepping off the field, becomes the old "Doc" Graham. After he saves Karin from choking, Ray realizes that Graham cannot return to the field as a young man. After reassuring Ray that his true calling was medicine, the players shake his hand and he leaves. Suddenly able to see the players, Mark urges Ray not to sell the farm. After the game, Joe invites Terrence to enter the cornfield. Terrence accepts the offer and disappears into the cornfield, but Ray is angry at not being invited. Shoeless Joe rebukes his desire for a reward, then reminds him why he sacrificed so much, saying "If you build it, he will come", and glances toward home plate. The catcher removes his mask and Ray recognizes his father as a young man. Ray introduces his father to Annie and Karin. As his father heads toward the cornfield, Ray asks his "Dad" to play catch. As they begin to play, hundreds of cars can be seen approaching the field, fulfilling Karin and Terrence\'s prophecy that people will come to watch baseball.'] ['The film follows the lives of 10 dysfunctional individuals for 48 hours before the grand opening of an art show, focusing particularly on one dysfunctional couple played by Elster and Harold. When this couple  kiss for the first time, Lili goes into his bathroom and has flashbacks of her mother and realizes that she is not ready for a relationship. The film concludes that only with closure of her past, can she commit to a healthy relationship in the future.'] ["Maria, a Venezuelan woman returns to Venezuela from France when she learns that her aunt Oriana has died and willed her a crumbling and remote Venezuelan hacienda where Maria spent a short time as a girl just entering puberty. Maria goes to the hacienda, a fine, decaying old house in a tropical jungle at the edge of the sea, to prepare the place for sale; while visiting the house, Maria starts wandering through the halls and rooms and she begin to remember her visit years before. While going through her aunt's papers, she also start to find some clues to her aunt's behaviour. Maria is haunted by flashbacks to her childhood, when she spent several months at the hacienda in the company of only the beautiful and mysterious Oriana and Fidelia, a quarrelsome old retainer who constantly hints at terrible events that are best forgotten. In flashbacks, the film show the young Maria trying to understand the quiet but strange atmosphere that surrounds the place while sorting out why Oriana never leaves the hacienda and what secret may be in Oriana's past. The young Maria, as she learns things, imagines her aunt's youth, cruel father, and first love. After these reveries within reveries, Maria, now a grown woman, eventually makes one more discovery by connecting some issues, finding evidence that someone never seen may also be living in the vicinity. After that, Maria decides not to sell the house."] ["Indian American Dev Raman , who was raised in the United States, returns to his native country to spend a year as part of a college exchange program. He is initially reluctant, but his mother insists and he respects her wishes. While there, he discovers that his cold and distant father, now deceased, carried a quiet and profound affection towards him.{{cite web}} While he is in India, he receives guidance from his friend Sanjay . As the visit progresses, Dev ignores Sanjay's suggestions, and the interaction between Indian and Western cultures quickly precipitates into misunderstanding and violence.{{cite web}} Dev realizes that one may pray to the deities of the Hindu pantheon in almost any emotional state except indifference. As he explores his past and sees the miscommunication between the two cultures, Dev is overwhelmed and finds himself only able to pray with anger."] ['Treasure Lee  learns that her biological mother Brownie  is incarcerated in an adult prison, so she purposely gets into trouble in order to be transferred from a juvenile facility to an adult women\'s facility in order to meet her. In the new prison, she reunites with an old friend Shadow . She meets new inmates, such as Leisha , an aspiring rapper, and Doodle , a religious, homophobic woman who is involved with a male correctional officer. When Treasure asks about Brownie, Leisha responds, "I\'m about getting up out of here. I ain\'t about no Brownie." Later, Shadow points Brownie out to her on the basketball court. Brownie knocks a player down, injuring her, and demands that another person take her place. Treasure volunteers for the position. Back in the cells, Treasure approaches Brownie around her "prison family." She pulls out a photo of a woman and says to Brownie that she is her mother and her reason for being in prison. Brownie\'s "daughters" protest that the photograph is not of Brownie. Brownie asks the daughters to leave and yells at Treasure, stating it is her own fault she is in jail. Treasure is playing cards with Leisha and Shadow when she begins flirting with an inmate named Sugar . Kit , Brownie\'s main daughter, chides the woman for not meeting her in the chapel for their usual sexual relations. A fight breaks out between Treasure and Kit that results in both being placed in solitary confinement. While confined, Brownie speaks through a wall telling Treasure that they should meet once she is released. Once back in the general population, Brownie meets with Treasure alone and states that she did not know about her because she was taken away at birth. She admits, "I failed you." Treasure cries on her shoulder. As Treasure becomes a part of Brownie\'s prison family, Kit informs her that Brownie taught her how to survive in prison and demands that she sells drugs. Later, Brownie shoves a fork into Kit\'s thigh when Kit fails to bring in a certain amount of money from selling drugs. Meanwhile, Leisha is released from prison and Shadow admits that she wished she had never told Treasure about Brownie. Brownie tattoos the same ankh she has on Treasure\'s arm. Treasure suggested that she should be reassigned cells to be closer to the family and Brownie does nothing to make that happen. However, when Brownie eats food made by Treasure\'s new Asian cellmate , she proposes that the new inmate should live near her. Brownie mocks Kit when she sees Kit reading Nazi literature. Kit responds, "I am not jealous of you and Treasure because I know Brownie just cares about Brownie." Brownie then kicks her out of the prison family. In a later scene, a ranting Brownie grabs Treasure and comes close to maiming her with broken glass. Brownie approaches Treasure in the kitchen area where Treasure shows her obvious irritation with Brownie. Brownie tries to persuade Treasure that she needs to kill Kit, who now associates with a female neo-Nazi gang. On the basketball court, Brownie slides a shank to Treasure. Treasure demands to play one-on-one basketball with Kit. Instead of playing, they immediately begin fighting. Treasure beats Kit badly but does not use the shank on her. Brownie pulls her to the side and demands that she kill Kit. As the two women leave their huddle, Kit approaches Brownie and puts a shank deep in her neck. All the inmates fall to the ground as correctional officers run out onto the court. In a medical waiting area, Treasure sees Leisha, who is now in a wheelchair. Leisha, in a drowsy voice, states that the police caught her with drug paraphernalia again. When a medical worker calls Treasure\'s name, she dismisses her for not having matching blood. Treasure grabs the woman by the arm and demands to donate blood. A female correctional officer approaches the two and demands to read the file. The file reveals that Brownie is not Treasure\'s mother, but instead the woman who killed Treasure\'s mother. The warden  has a meeting with Treasure in her office, and says that she sympathizes with her. She offers to transfer Treasure if she will admit that Brownie and a male correctional officer have been working together to bring drugs to inmates.'] ["Returning to Huntsville, Alabama—a town that once held back their opportunities but now glistens as a modern, sexy city—the Boxer family and its extended members discover in the memory of a loved one what binds them together. When the beloved Carmel Boxer passes away, her entire family returns to the Deep South to celebrate her life and legacy. As the Boxer family comes together for the first time in many years, revelations of Carmel's painful past begin to force each person to address their pent-up emotions and true feelings for one another. The story chronicles the lives and loves of this African-American family as its members are forced to come to terms with a tumultuous past marked by an unrequited interracial affair. The film explores the way in which the family patriarch, Helms Boxer, must confront his demons amidst the changing racial fabric of society and his own family.{{cite web}}"] ['Young Tomás ([[John Bell  is an orphan, harassed and ridiculed by the other children in his orphanage for his timidity and stuttering. Just after letting a pigeon free from his classroom, he is called to the headmasters\' office to be greeted by Maire , who takes him back to her home, to be greeted coldly by Alec  who had wanted someone older and perhaps more confident. Tomás makes friends with Nancy  and is greeted tepidly by Seamus . They take him to their cave, inhabited by bats and Tomás runs away, scared, to which the two friends chase after him and console him. Tomás is introduced to his new school and unlike his previous school, here he is generally accepted by the pupils. As Maire\'s influence on him begins to shine through, he starts to gain in confidence and become attracted to wildlife. Alec starts taking a liking to the boy soon enough and takes him fishing on the day after his birthday, after the couple buy him a fishing rod. They feed a seal and Tomás calls him Smudge and feeds him regularly. Later, he is prepared to go fishing with Alec and waits all day for him but he never shows up and Maire finds him and takes him out in the boat. This causes Maire to argue with Alec later on and tell him that he shouldn\'t have left him waiting. When on the boat together, Maire tells him to picture his grandmother in his mind and he does, seeing his grandmother for the first time. They then see a rainbow and she promises to take him into it. Tomás and Nancy leave school to find Seamus climbing a stone statue to get a bird egg, but struggling to stay on it as a bird tries to protect its eggs. Tomás puts his foot in the right place to allow him to climb down safely and Seamus is thankful and treats him thereforth with a little more respect. Tomás goes home to find that his adoptive mother has a doctor at her side. He goes to stay at Katie\'s home, with her children, Seamus and Nancy. He buys a piece of very colourful tablecloth, as she is in love with colours and visits her at the hospital. He is then told that she is going to die and he rushes to her side and cries at the thought of her death. Alec tells him to leave and then later arrives back at the house and tells him that she is in fact, dead. A funeral is held for her and Alec and Tomás are both distraught, but Alec won\'t bond with Tomás at all. Tomás says that Alec needs him but Alec continues to ignore him and gets rid of all of Maire\'s possessions because "she\'s gone". When Tomás finds Alec burning her things, he tries to stop him and Tomás tells him that he blames him for Maire\'s death. When he returns home from feeding Smudge, he finds Alec drunk slumped in his chair, he wakes him up and gives him a piece of red cloth as something to remember her by. Tomás packs his things and goes out in the morning to set Smudge free in a boat, but he goes out too far and Alec realises that he isn\'t there at home and goes out in his boat to rescue him, he doesn\'t reach him in time and the boat flips over, leaving him in the water. He washes up against some rocks and Alec checks if he is alive, which he is. Alec then has a choice of whether or not to send him back to the orphanage, but ultimately gives Tomás the choice of if he wants to stay, which he decides to. It ends with Tomás finally calling Alec "Dad".'] ['In New York City during October 1999, John Sullivan , a 36-year-old homicide detective, is still traumatized over the death of his fireman father Frank . Living in the same house where he grew up, he discovers his father\'s ham radio following a breakup with his girlfriend Samantha  and begins transmitting. Because of unusual aurora borealis activity, John discovers he has managed to make contact with his father exactly 30 years in the past the day before his death in a warehouse fire. Though Frank doesn\'t believe it is John, John is able to shout out a warning about the fire that took Frank\'s life. The next day as he tries to escape a burning building Frank remembers John\'s words and escapes safely. By saving his father from the fire, John has created a new timeline while retaining his memory of the old. At midnight, he tries calling his mother, but instead gets an answer from a deli. Later that day, John tries to patch up his relationship with Sam, but she does not remember him. John later discovers that in this new timeline Frank had died of lung cancer, and John\'s mother Julia Sullivan  was murdered by a serial killer. John is able to piece together that his mother\'s killer was called the "Nightingale Killer," a man who originally murdered three nurses before he vanished, but with the past changed he has now murdered 10, with Julia as the sixth. Using information from 1999 police files on the impending six killings, John and Frank work together across the gap of time to stop the murderer in 1969 and save Julia and the other six nurses. Frank successfully averts the murder of the first expected victim, but when he tries to prevent the next, he is attacked by the killer in a nightclub bathroom and his driver\'s license is taken from his wallet. When he regains consciousness, Frank rushes to the woman\'s apartment only to find he is too late. John realizes the killer\'s fingerprints are now on Frank\'s wallet and Frank is able to hide the wallet under a floorboard in the house, allowing John to retrieve it in 1999 and take it in to his crime lab. John learns that the fingerprints belong to a now-retired detective named Jack Shepard . It\'s shown that the reason he now has more victims was because Julia left the hospital in the original timeline and wasn\'t there to save his life from a medical mistake. In this new timeline he presumably stopped after being caught up in the Knapp hearings. Meanwhile in 1969, Frank is arrested by Satch DeLeon , John\'s future boss, when police find Frank\'s driver\'s license with Shepard\'s latest victim. As Frank struggles to continue speaking to John as Satch struggles with him, the ham radio is knocked off of Frank\'s desk and broken. At the station, Frank, using improvised skills from his Veteran Firefighting knowledge, is able to escape and searches Shepard\'s apartment for evidence. Meanwhile Satch, having been told by Frank about his communications with his son, watches the 1969 World Series and realizes Frank has told the truth when events he described to him come true. Shepard is presumed dead after a struggle with Frank and Frank is cleared of charges. Frank returns home and repairs the radio, happily telling John that Shepard is dead and Julia is saved. However, John\'s photographs still include Julia\'s death. Suddenly, in both 1969 and 1999, Shepard breaks into the home. While father and son both fight Shepard, the past Shepard is distracted by Julia and Frank shoots off his hand with a shotgun, causing him to flee. In 1999, Shepard is choking John when his hand shrivels and vanishes. The house ripples and the furnishings change as the timeline is adjusted, and Shepard is shot and killed by an aged Frank, the new alterations to the timeline saving both him and Julia. The film concludes with a neighborhood baseball game in 1999. Frank and Julia are there, along with John, who is now married to the ex-girlfriend who left him in the original timeline, and is now pregnant and who he has a son with, Frank Jr. Also, due to some advice John gave him over the radio, his best friend Gordo\'s life is now better. As John wins the game with a home-run that allows both himself and Frank to score, a montage is shown of John\'s life with his parents in the new timeline.'] ["{{section-incomplete}} The film takes place in and around the city of Tianjin, in northeastern China. Two divorced singles , marry, each bringing a daughter into their new home. Xiaolan ([[Li Jun , short haired is fiercely independent and wishes to work in a factory after she graduates from high school. Her stepsister, Xiaoqin , is more intellectual, and wishes to enter a university. After a dispute over a mere 5 yuan that Xiaoqin accuses Xiaolan of stealing, Xiaolan hits her stepsister over the head. To the surprise of everyone, Xiaoqin succumbs to the injury and dies and Xiaolan is led to jail. The film then cuts seventeen years into the future. Xiaolan has been selected as one of the lucky inmates allowed a furlough during the New Year holiday. At the same time, a young prison guard, Chen Jie  is calling her mother to say that she will soon be returning home for the holiday. While waiting for the inmates to be picked up by their families, Chen Jie notices that soon only Xiaolan remains. In an act of charity, Chen Jie offers to help Xiaolan return home. Upon arriving at her old apartment, however, both women discover that the home has long since been torn down, and Xiaolan's parents moved to another part of the city. Chen Jie, however, is now determined that Xiaolan will spend the holiday with her family and the two set out in search of parents who may not want to see their only daughter..."] ['\'Emile\' is the third in a loose trilogy of films written and directed by Carl Bessai, all exploring aspects of personal identity. The first, \'Johnny\', looked at a teenager with his life ahead of them, the second, \'Lola\', portrayed a middle-aged woman trying to escape an abusive relationship, and \'Emile\' is a Proustian examination of memory, imagination, regret, lost roots, and the possibility of redemption and reconciliation, all seen through the eyes of an old man whose life is almost over. As a young man, Emile went to England on a university scholarship, leaving behind his brutal older brother Carl and his creative younger brother Freddy to run the family farm in Saskatchewan. Despite promising Freddy that he would return, Emile stayed in England and became an academic, turning his back on his Canadian past and even acquiring an English accent, while his brothers died one after the other in tragic circumstances: Freddy gassing himself with exhaust fumes in his pick-up; Carl dying in a crash in the same pick-up. On his brief return  the authorities think he is there to adopt Carl\'s young daughter Nadia, but he abandons her simply saying "single parent families are not allowed on campus". All he is there to do is to resolve the family land-holdings. Invited many decades later to receive an honorary degree by a Canadian university, the retired Emile decides to take an extended visit to Victoria, British Columbia to try to get to know Carl\'s now adult daughter Nadia  who has recently separated from her husband, and her ten-year old daughter Maria  before it is too late. The discovery of his ancient typewriter amongst Nadia\'s belongings triggers a series of reveries, half memory, half fantasy, in which Emile\'s unresolved feelings about the past come back to haunt him.http://www.movie-gazette.com'] ['Beatrice “Booky” Thomson, is a spunky 15-year-old who dreams of becoming a great writer despite the odds. Life in Toronto during the 1930s are hard ones for Booky’s family. Parents Thomas and Francy are barely able to eke out a living for themselves and their children Willa, Arthur and Booky. But irrepressible Booky, with her big imagination and even bigger plans, seems able to tackle anything. When her new school teacher, Mr. Jackson inspires her to become a writer, Booky pursues her career with gusto - until she lets some well-meaning advice from a great Canadian author shatter her dreams. Following a short stay at Aunt Aggie’s Muskoka farm to quell a bout of bronchitis, Booky returns home to resume the usual joys and trials of growing up. She starts the Deanna Durbin fan club with her best friends Ruthie and Gladys, rebuffs the advances of her brother’s trouble-making friend Georgie, celebrates her 16th birthday with disastrous results, and falls for Gloria’s ex-boyfriend Lorne. Then one day, she decides to enter the local newspaper’s essay writing contest and what happens after that nearly turns Booky’s life upside down.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with a home video of the slaughter with a captive bolt pistol of a pig on a European farm. The video rewinds to play the slaughter in slow motion, which emphasizes the hand-held barrel against the pig\'s foreskull and the cartridge explosion. A party centered on a game called Pilot and Passengers is broken up by Georg and Anna, when they return home while the party is in progress. The host of the party, Eva, is their daughter who lives in another part of town and who has, it turns out in questioning of Benny after the incident, taken advantage of the planned absence of Georg and Anna to host the impromptu party in their home. While watching a newscast, Georg and Anna discuss the money Eva won in the pyramid scheme she was promoting at the party. In a locker room at school, Benny encourages his friends to take positions in his own Pilot and Passengers game.  While his parents are away for the weekend, Benny invites a girl  he has seen outside the local video store to his home.  He shows her the video of the pig slaughter, and they talk about the film. She: "Did you make this film? How was it, with the pig? I mean, have you ever seen a dead person--a real one, I mean?" Benny: "No. I once saw a TV program about the tricks they use in action films. It\'s all ketchup and plastic," and then he unveils and loads the slaughtering gun. He holds it against his chest, and dares the girl to discharge it. When she refuses, he calls her a coward . He holds it against her chest, and when he hesitates, she calls him a Feigling also. He fires the gun, and she falls. Her falling reveals a video monitor, on which we see her crawling away from Benny and completely out of frame, Benny running to reload the gun and returning to shoot her a second time, the girl crawling back partially into frame, Benny again reloading and firing, this time apparently at her head, and, finally, her body remaining still. During a choir practice of the Bach motet "Trotz dem alten Drachen,"http://www.answers.com/topic/jesu-meine-freude-motet-for-5-part-chorus-bwv-227-bc-c5 from "Jesu, meine Freude," BWV 227, J.S.Bach .Jesu, meine Freude Benny completes his pyramid scheme. Then at home again, with the weekend begun, Benny first covers the body, goes through her school bag,  arranges an evening out with friends, eats snacks, moves the girl\'s body to a closet, and cleans up the blood. Some of the cleanup is seen through a video monitor, while Benny edits a video of the experience. Benny goes out to a dance club and stays overnight at his friend\'s home, and, on his way home, goes to a cinema, window shops, and gets his hair shorn to the scalp. After his parents return, his father harangues Benny about his haircut, asking if Benny had any thought about how others would react to him now.  Later on, while the family is watching the news in Benny\'s room, Benny switches the signal to the video he has made, to the game of dares and the ensuing three shots. Benny reveals the body in his closet, and Georg removes the videotape, asks if anyone else knows about this, and through careful grilling finds that there are no witnesses. Clearly disturbed, the father and mother leave Benny\'s room, and Benny asks that the door be left open. In the living room, Georg lists—rather dispassionately—the options they have: either to alert the authorities, with a resulting judgment of parental neglect and placement of their son in a psychiatric institution, or to destroy the evidence. Anna urges—with understated passion after warnings from Georg not to fall apart—that any option chosen must be carefully followed to its end. Anna takes Benny on vacation to Egypt, and the ever-present video camera captures them both in their hotel, in the village, touring ancient tombs, watching sail-gliders at the beach, even a private moment of Anna in the bathroom. There are several phone calls from a booth in the post office, with Benny and Anna separately taking the phone. Benny seems barely affected by any recent past, and he seems unable to fathom why his mother breaks down in sobs at one point during the vacation. When they return home after six days, the apartment is clean of any trace of the girl. Georg, who had stayed at home, succeeded in cutting the body into small enough pieces to be flushed down the toilet or otherwise inconspicuously removed. That evening, Georg asks Benny "Why did you do it?" and the reply is, "I don\'t know. ...I wanted to see what it\'s like, possibly." Benny has no answer to Georg\'s question, "And what was it like?" On video, we see another Pilot and Passengers party, this time being hosted by Georg and Anna. In "life," we see Anna and Georg at a concert of the choir Benny is in. The choir sings: "Despite the ancient dragon, despite the gaping jaws of death, despite the constant fear, let the world rage and toss. I stand here and sing in perfect calm." On video, we see from the door of Benny\'s darkened bedroom, standing slightly ajar, and we hear faint voices discussing what to do. In life, a voice-over asks, "Why did you come to us now?" We see Benny being interviewed by policemen, and he answers merely, "Because." With no following questions, Benny asks, "Can I go now?" After the questioning, Benny meets Georg and Anna in the hall and, after a long moment, says merely, "Entschuldigung."'] ['Surcos follows the struggles of a Spanish family as it emigrates from the country to Madrid circa 1950. Facing difficulties in finding housing and employment, several family members turn to illegal or immoral activities in order to make ends meet, and the traditional family structure disintegrates. The movie begins when the Perez family of country bumpkins arrive from the country at the Madrid train station, disoriented, gawking and loaded down with baggage, including a basket of live chickens. The Perez family consists of a mother , the fiftyish aged father, Manuel, his older son Pepe , his younger son, Manolo and his slightly impish, but completely naïve daughter, Tonia. They move in with a relative of the mother in a run down apartment complex that is overrun with hordes of children who do cruel things every time they get a chance, showing that none of them are attending school at that point in Franco’s Spain. In the apartment they meet the relative’s daughter, the very streetwise Pili. Pili makes a living for her mother and herself by selling contraband American cigarettes in the street. Pili has a totally evil boyfriend, El Mellao. El Mellao works for the even more evil black marketer, but well dressed, very rich and smooth, Don Roque . Son, Pepe quickly makes an implacable enemy of El Mellao when he defends cousin, Pili from his abuses and Don Roque hires Pepe in the place of El Mellao to drive his contraband, because Pepe will do it for less. Pepe and Pili also become a couple and move in together. The father, Manuel tries selling candy in the street for his sister in law, but the multitude of street children demand that he give it to them for nothing and then a policeman takes away his entire supply, because he is selling without a license. His sister in law is so enraged that she makes a very proud Manuel do kitchen work. Then, to Manuel’s surprise, a note arrives that he has gotten a job in a foundry. However, when he tries it, he is quickly overcome by the noise and heat of the foundry and loses the job almost immediately. His sister in law then again relegates him to humiliating kitchen work. Pepe’s job for Don Roque is to participate with a gang that steals sacks of potatoes from trucks that are climbing a hill and then delivers those potatoes to Don Roque to sell on the black market. Daughter, Tonia also meets Don Roque through Pepe and Pili, who immediately has designs on her. First, he hires Tonia as a maid for his mistress. Tonia is very impressed by all the fine clothing that Don Roque’s mistress has. When Don Roque hears Tonia sing while working, he tells her she has talent and offers to pay for singing lessons for her. With her mother’s reluctant consent, Tonia accepts enthusiastically. He buys her a lot of attractive clothing, supposedly so she will be well dressed for her performance as a singer. However, when she actually gets on a stage to sing, with her father in the audience, completely by chance and not suspecting she was going to be part of the program. Don Roque, had hired ruffians to disrupt her performance and make her look foolish. Tonia runs off the stage in tears. Then, Don Roque comforts Tonia and takes her away in his limousine to deflower her and make her his mistress. Manuel is totally shocked by the whole thing and slaps his wife around for letting it happen. Then, Manuel shows up unexpectedly at the door of the love nest, slaps a shocked Tonia hard and cries bitterly while she goes to get her things so he can take her away. Pepe loses his job with Don Roque when he confronts him about deflowering his sister and demands that Don Roque marry her, which demand Don Roque laughs off with contempt. Pili still demands that he steal from trucks, but the rest of Don Roque’s gang refuses to accompany him and El Mellao tips off the authorities that Pepe is about to try it without them. When Pepe hops into the back of the truck, they are waiting for him. They shoot him and he is further injured when he jumps off the truck. When he returns in the truck, badly injured, he finds El Mellao trying to drag away Pili as his prize. El Mellao then hits Pepe on the head with a large wrench and rushes off to chase a fleeing Pili. Don Roque arrives to find Pepe badly injured, but still alive. He takes him to a bridge and throws him onto railroad tracks as a train passes under the bridge. In the last scene of the movie, Manuel, his wife, Manolo and Tonia have returned to their village where Pepe is being buried. Manuel picks up a handful of soil from the grave and tells his family that they have to return to the country. His wife says people will laugh, but Manuel replies that, even with shame, they have to return to the land.'] ['Gianni  has left his son Paolo ([[Andrea Rossi  in the care of others since the day he was born. He has not been able to cope with the fact that Paolo’s mother died in childbirth and Paolo has not grown up like all the other children because of his handicap. Paolo is now fifteen years old and is about to meet his father for the first time. Gianni has been asked by the caretakers of his son to take him to a Berlin hospital for yearly tests and check-ups. According to their doctor, the "shock" of meeting his own father could help Paolo in his treatment. When Gianni boards the night train which Paolo is already riding, it is Gianni who is in for a shock. Paolo does not seem particularly impressed nor disturbed by this first meeting with his biological father. He seems more interested in his Game Boy instead. Gianni and Nicole  meet accidentally in the Berlin hospital, and even though he feels awkward and almost ashamed at being seen as having fathered "such a child", they somehow connect. Nicole has spent her life caring for her daughter and could teach Gianni something if only he were willing to listen. Through a series of chance encounters aided by a book left behind by Nicole , they meet several times and get talking.'] ['Jessie is a middle aged woman living with her mother, Thelma. One night, she calmly tells Thelma that by morning she will be dead, as she plans to commit suicide that very evening . The film between Jessie and Thelma slowly reveals her reasons for her decision and her life together and how thoroughly she has planned her own death, culminating in a disturbing yet unavoidable climax.'] ['Anital Halstead  goes to see a magic act performed by Tony , the "Great Arturo", after her bridal shower for her wedding to Don Burns . Anita and Tony are immediately attracted to each other and get married. She becomes his assistant in the act. One night, Tony becomes drunk in the company of a woman reporter and boasts he will jump out of an airplane at {{convert}} with his hands handcuffed behind his back. When she prints his claim, he first tries to get out of it with a fake cast on his arm, but when he sees the thousands of fans, he goes through with it, freeing himself in mid-air and parachuting safely to the ground. He promises Anita that he will not attempt the dangerous stunt again, but soon breaks his word and performs it repeatedly all over the world. Anita becomes weary of the constant travel and longs to settle down and start a family. Secretly, she sells her jewelry and has a house built in the Connecticut countryside. When it is completed, she shows Tony a picture of it, but his disinterested reaction stops her from telling him it is theirs. When he signs up for a two-year, round-the-world tour rather than take the vacation he had promised, she finally gives up. She leaves him and gets a divorce in Reno. Anita\'s grandfather, Bishop Peabody , breaks the news to the distraught Tony. On a sea cruise with her Aunt Abby , Anita is surprised to run into her old fiance Don. She gets the ship\'s captain to marry them. However, she spends their honeymoon night with her grandfather. The next night, Don insists on introducing her to his boss, Harley Bingham , at a nightclub. The entertainment is none other than the Great Arturo, with his old assistant, Lola De Vere . He soon persuades Bingham to let him perform at Bingham\'s company retreat at a resort, much to Anita\'s discomfort. Mrs. Bingham  has a dilemma though. They have not booked enough rooms to provide separate bedrooms for the unmarried Tony and Lola. Tony suggests he and Don share one room, while Anita and Lola take the other. During his stay, Tony tries unsuccessfully to persuade Anita to take him back. Meanwhile, the hapless Don becomes sick, and the doctor prescribes no physical activity of any sort for a month. Bishop Peabody is told by his lawyer that Anita\'s divorce is not legal. Later, he informs his granddaughter that Tony will be doing his parachute stunt that day. She attends. Tony tells his valet and friend Benton  that he hid a lockpick in the wrong airplane, but goes ahead with the trick anyway. He frees himself dangerously close to the ground. After he is pulled unconscious out of the water, Anita rushes to his side. When he regains consciousness, they are reconciled. In the final scene, they enter their Connecticut home.'] 