['An example of the film\'s comedic tone comes in the opening monologue, which spoofs the opening of COPS: "TROOPS is filmed on location with the men of the Imperial Forces. All suspects are guilty--period! Otherwise, they wouldn\'t be suspects, would they?" A small visual gag near the beginning of the film is that the stolen Imperial droid recovered from the Jawas appears to be Tom Servo from Mystery Science Theater 3000. In TROOPS there is a notable alternate  take on the deaths of Luke Skywalker\'s Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru, presenting their fate as the end result of a domestic dispute gone too far, rather than execution at the hands of Imperial forces. Indeed, the spotlighted members of Black Sheep Squadron attempt to mediate the dispute before Beru makes a disastrous move with a thermal detonator. The film ends with an incoming message about a possible disturbance in Mos Eisley Cantina.'] ['News of the death of The Joker during the events of City of Scars results in a riot at Arkham Asylum. Batman races to rescue Nightwing, who has been abducted by Poison Ivy and Killer Croc.'] ["Based in the Briar Patch  introduced in Star Trek: Insurrection, on Deep Space 12, a space station in orbit of the planet Ba'ku. It follows the daily life of several officers serving on board the station and a few of the ships stationed there. Early in the series, an advanced species, the Grey, are introduced and become the primary villain, with a story arc that spans the entire series. Later, secondary villains are introduced including an Andorian trader and later the Tholians along with a man named Siroc. Mysterious ancient alien artifacts become a key focus of the series. The crew interacts with many established species from Star Trek, including Andorians, Ba'ku, Klingons, Romulans, Son'a, and Tzenkethi."] ['The disillusioned and disgruntled redshirt Crewman Averson is stuck on patrol on an unknown planet when he meets optimistic Crewman Leeds, who is new on board the USS Enterprise. As the two search for an energy field, Averson tells Leeds the true nature of redshirts as cannon fodder: "Redshirts die first" and goes on about his opinions on Captain Kirk, Spock, and other fixtures of the show. Leeds on the other hand says he is eager to serve in Starfleet, wants to learn to speak Klingon "just for fun" and his observation about how Qui-Gon Jinn doesn\'t disappear in Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace as does Obi-Wan Kenobi in Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. Eventually, the two encounter an alien resembling a floating orb. While Averson hides, Leeds is stuck admiring its beauty and is killed. Averson tries to contact the Enterprise with his communicator, which he finds is broken and replaces it with that of Leeds and moves on.'] ["In the late Third Age, Sauron's power is increasing, and he has sent his Orcs to seek out the remnants of the bloodline of Elendil, kept alive in the Dúnedain. Dirhael, his wife Ivorwen and their daughter Gilraen are fleeing from an attack on their village when they are ambushed by Orcs on a forest road, and saved by a group of rangers led by Arathorn. Not having any place safer to go, the refugees go with Arathorn to Taurdal, the village led by his father and Chieftain of the Dúnedain, Arador. While there, Arathorn and Arador ponder the Orcs' motives after finding various pieces of jewelry on their bodies. During her stay in Taurdal, Gilraen falls in love with Arathorn. In light of the attacks on surrounding settlements, Arador leads his forces on a campaign against the Orcs in the area in an attempt to restore peace to the region. Meanwhile, he sends Arathorn separately in an attempt to determine the meaning behind the attacks. Both are successful, and Arathorn discovers the orcs are serving Sauron, who seeks the Ring of Barahir. Arathorn and Gilraen receive Arador's blessing to be wed, but Arathorn cannot summon the courage to ask Dirhael for his daughter's hand. Arador is summoned to Rivendell to seek Elrond's council, and the wedding is postponed until his return. Arathorn eventually confronts Dirhael, and receives permission to marry his daughter. Arathorn and Gilraen are married. A year later, Arador is killed by a hill troll in the Coldfells, making Arathorn the chieftain of the Dúnedain. Gilraen becomes pregnant and gives birth to a son, Aragorn. Taurdal knows peace for a while, until Elladan and Elrohir come with news from Rivendell. Elrond has sensed that danger is once again threatening the region, and they request that Gilraen and Aragorn be brought back to Rivendell for safekeeping, as is the tradition with all Dúnedain heirs to the chiefdom. Before Arathorn and Gilraen can come to a decision, orcs attack the village. They are beaten off, however, many Rangers fall, and Arathorn's closest friend, Elgarain, is mortally wounded while defending Gilraen. Arathorn then leads the remaining Rangers in pursuit of the stragglers. They are successful, but Arathorn is mortally wounded in the process. Without a chieftain capable of leading them, the Dúnedain abandon Taurdal and go into hiding in small secret settlements in the forests of Rhudaur, while the Elven twins, Elladan and Elrohir, bring Aragorn with his mother Gilraen to Rivendell, and safety."] ["Sith apprentice Lord Rive , is tasked by his master, Darth Oz , to battle another apprentice, Darth Blight , as a final test determining who would serve by Oz’s side. The two would-be Sith clash violently with their double-bladed lightsabers while Oz watches via hologram. After a long and vicious lightsaber duel, Rive's weapon is severed in two and Blight loses his saber. A quick brawl later and the two engage in a final bout with the two halves of Rive's saber. It ends with Rive impaled and Blight bisected through the waist. After they die, Darth Oz appears in the flesh. Consumed with fury and wrath at his failure to procure a permanent apprentice, he electrocutes the bodies of the two failed apprentices with Force Lightning."] ['{{Plot}} The film starts off at night with Spider-Man jumping from building to building, following a car stolen by two crooks, late for a date with his girlfriend Gwen Stacy. He finally catches up with the vehicle and, complaining that he is late for his date the whole while, eventually manages to stop, overpower and web up the crooks. Meanwhile, Gwen Stacy waits at a restaurant, saving a seat for her date, Peter Parker. Just as she concludes that Peter will not come, he arrives with roses and he apologizes for his lateness. After sharing a small kiss, Peter tells her that he was taking pictures of Spider-Man for The Daily Bugle - but before he can continue, Gwen angrily bursts out that she is sick of hearing Spider-Man\'s name all over . Peter - who secretly is Spider-Man - tries to protect his alter ego, but is distracted when he sees Norman Osborn riding in a taxi. Gwen notes that Osborn was in the amnesiac institution for millionaires . Gwen is pleased, but Peter is worried that Norman may know his secret identity. Norman Osborn returns to his apartment home and calls out through his apartment for his son, Harry . In his room, he looks at an old newspaper detailing a battle between Spider-Man and The Green Goblin that led to the explosion of one of Osborn\'s factories and Spider-Man returning to the police with Osborn\'s unconscious body, claiming that The Goblin seemingly perished in the explosion. Osborn begins to vaguely remember The Goblin, but has trouble remembering the figure. Before he can remember more clearly, he hears the door open - and believing his son has come home, he rushes to the door, only to find Peter Parker. Despite Osborn\'s irrational anger, Peter remains calm and tries to tell Osborn he was trying to find Harry and get them back in contact with each other. Norman calms down and leaves. Peter and Gwen confront each other in Peter\'s apartment, The Darkroom, discussing Norman Osborn\'s return from the clinic. Peter express his worries about Osborn\'s return, telling her that Osborn could be dangerous if he remembers everything about his past, getting the feeling that Osborn didn\'t leave that institution with doctor\'s permission. As Osborn glares at the old newspaper, he realizes that the explosion from the factory must have caused his amnesia. Seeing Parker\'s name on the paper, he descends further into madness, hallucinating that Spider-Man is in his house and chasing him through his house, into the streets of New York, all the way to a destroyed area where three low-lives harass him. Seeing one of them as Spider-Man, he attacks him. A fight breaks out, ending when one of the punks breaks a beer bottle over his head and the three run away. Osborn just lies there with his hatred of Spider-Man still intact. Back in The Darkroom, Peter brings up Spider-Man in the plot to Norman Osborn\'s amnesia and Gwen expresses her hatred of the superhero at full blast, mentioning her belief that it was Spider-Man and the other freak  who killed her father. She walks out on Peter, and as he tries to calm her down, the phone rings. Torn between calming Stacy down and picking up the phone, he fails at both, learning from the answering machine that Harry Osborn is coming back to town. The next day, Norman Osborn wakes up in the destroyed area and realizes it to be the warehouse he last fought Spider-Man in, screaming at him as he gets into one of the other parts of the factory and finds The Green Goblin equipment. His voice becomes more squeaky and sinister as he screams throughout the warehouse he is The Green Goblin once he is fully suited, vowing revenge on Spider-Man as he laughs throughout the destroyed warehouse. Peter goes back to Norman Osborn\'s apartment and is shocked to see an old newspaper of a battle between Spider-Man and The Green Goblin. He pieces together that this may have caused Norman to relapse. Just as he is walking out of the apartment, he bumps into Harry Osborn, who still believes his dad is at the amnesiac institution for millionaires. While Harry tries to find the doctor\'s number at his father\'s desk, Peter rushes out of the apartment because his spider sense tells him danger will happen in The Darkroom. Gwen returns to The Darkroom, now empty, looking for Peter and apologizing for her outburst. But when she sees a newspaper of Spider-Man that has the question if Spider-Man is really a friend or foe to New York, she angrily wishes that Spider-Man would just disappear from the world - a sentiment the Green Goblin echoes, appearing from nowhere and knocking her out. Peter goes into an alley and slips into his Spider-Man suit, swinging from rooftop to rooftop all the way back to The Darkroom, where he finds only a pumpkin bomb, The Green Goblin\'s calling card. The Green Goblin taunts him from the rooftop as he holds Gwen\'s unconscious body. Spider-Man climbs to the rooftop, where after knocking the villain out, Spider-Man tries to get Gwen home. But The Goblin regains consciousness, returns to his glider and knocks Gwen away from Spider-Man - off the roof. Spider-Man quickly spouts a web to Gwen, catching her and pulling her back up to the roof. His relief turns to horror, however, when he finds that Gwen died in the fall anyway. The Goblin cruelly continues to taunt him, bringing Spider-Man to vow that he will avenge Gwen and The Goblin in cold blood. The fight is renewed, and Spider-Man nearly kills The Goblin, who barely escapes by throwing a bomb at Spider-Man at point blank range. Spider-Man crawls back to Gwen\'s body, grieving over her death. Later, back at the ruins of the warehouse, Norman Osborn recovers from the battle and vows to kill all who underestimated Norman Osborn\'s intelligence. But before he can continue, he realizes Spider-Man has tracked him down, determined to stop him - and ready to kill him. A long, brutal showdown ensues. Spider-Man eventually smashes The Goblin\'s glider, which infuriates him; he is utterly apathetic towards Gwen\'s death and claims that she is just another worthless, pathetic girl. Enraged, Spider-Man pounds the Goblin mercilessly, and finally begins to choke him to death. Just as Goblin seems to pass out, though, he stops himself, truly realizing for the first time that he was actually going to kill someone, even a psychopath like The Green Goblin. Suddenly, The Goblin wakes up, telling Spider-Man he should have killed him, keeping him talking while he secretly activates his glider . Spider-Man pulls The Goblin back to his feet, pinning him against a wall as the glider slowly approaches his back, knives out. Just as The Goblin\'s glider is about to impale Spider-Man, his spider sense activates, and he quickly rolls out of the way, leaving the glider instead to continue rocketing forward and kill The Goblin. The movie cuts to a cemetery where Peter Parker, a quarter of his face bandaged, apologizes at Gwen Stacy\'s grave as if talking to Gwen herself - sorry that he never told her he was Spider-Man and that his life is nothing without her, that the Goblin\'s death only made the pain worse, that he just wants to retire being Spider-Man all for Gwen - but he made a promise on his Uncle Ben\'s death that he would keep being Spider-Man, no matter what. The film then concludes with Spider-Man jumping and swinging around buildings at night, on the prowl once again. After the credits, a title card asks the question "The End?" Thus far, however, Poole has not filmed a sequel. Also, although they do not appear in the film, the Marvel Comics characters Mysterio, Bullseye, and J. Jonah Jameson appear in the trailer.'] ['The short film is set within the Matrix universe, shortly before the discovery of "The One" . It tells a story of two rebels, Dante and Medusa, operating out of a ship called the Descartes, and of their fateful mission onto the virtual world of the Matrix. The film opens with the insertion of Dante and Medusa into the Matrix. They materialize inside a machine-shop and quickly move across the city while talking to their Operator, who is guiding them on their mission. The night\'s objectives are simple: Medusa is to break into a high-security building in order to steal important data. Dante is to provide a distraction so the Matrix will not discover Medusa\'s presence. Dante heads for a particularly rough nightclub populated with cyberpunks and goths. After dispatching the two bouncers, he quickly picks a fight with two goths who mock Dante\'s "normal" appearance. The Operator - who is in constant contact with Dante via his cellphone - helps coordinates the fight so it coincides with Medusa breaking into the high-security building and taking out a team of security officers. The nightclub brawl culminates with Dante delivering a superhuman kick to one of goths, which alerts the Matrix. The system promptly dispatches an Agent to take care of the situation and it begins chasing Dante. He leads the Agent on a dangerous wild goose chase cross the city, keeping Medusa free to carry out her work. Unfortunately things suddenly go wrong. A security officer, missed by Medusa during her entry, discovers her presence and hits the alarm, meaning she has to flee. Dante\'s goose chase now becomes a frantic dash to get to an exit point - the nearest being the machine shop they first appeared in, but he is unable to shake the Agent from his tail. Dante is trapped and Medusa is out of time. He realizes he must fight the Agent - even though it means certain death - in order to buy time for Medusa to escape with the information she\'s hacked. He tells the Operator to get Medusa out and then, chanting the mantra "free my mind" to himself, he throws himself at the Agent. During an epic kung-fu fight he is able to hold off the Agent until he sees an opportunity to escape. He decides, though, to not race to freedom, but continues the fight until he is eventually thrown against the machinery and his chest is pierced by a steel pipe, killing him. As Dante dies, Medusa makes it back to the car and to safety - unaware of Dante\'s immense sacrifice for her own life.'] ["Set in the year 1980, the Enterprise explores an unknown planet in hopes of finding more coal. However, the away team led by Captain James T. Shirt  find Klingons and a coal monster on the planet's surface."] ['Batman  corners an escaped Joker ([[Andrew Koenig , only to have the villain suddenly dragged off by an Alien. The Alien is, in turn, killed by a Predator, which Batman fights and defeats. Other Predators then appear just as more Aliens emerge from the darkness behind Batman. The film ends abruptly with Batman caught in between the two alien species.'] ['While no cohesive plot is apparent from the vignette style of the trailer, it can be pieced together that Batman has been murdered, and his killer remains at large. Dick Grayson, long since retired from his superhero days and married with a child, decides to resume his crime-fighting days as Robin; the filmmakers noted that many people outside the comic book community are unfamiliar with Nightwing. Sabloff and Fiorella wanted to appeal to a wider audience."Batmania Revisited, Part 2: Robin Returns", TheComicBookBin.com, 2005-06-23. Retrieved on 2008-07-07. Commissioner Gordon is aware of Grayson\'s secret identity and assists him by supplying official documents. In addition, Gordon provides the voiceover narration at the beginning of the trailer. The head of the investigation into Batman\'s death, O\'Hara, apparently also knows Grayson\'s identity  His role is suspicious since he strongly wants Grayson to not become involved, even to the point of aligning with Selina Kyle/Catwoman to eliminate Robin and shouting at reporter Clark Kent that he wants "him [presumably Grayson] out of the equation!" O\'Hara is also seen rolling up his sleeves, preparing to assault an angry captive Gordon. The extent of O\'Hara\'s apparent corruption is left unclear. * Grayson is aware of Superman\'s secret identity; he addresses him as "Clark". Superman apparently is also motivated  to discourage Grayson\'s return to crimefighting and three angry confrontations between the characters are shown, in and out of costume. Grayson is also angered to violence by the sight of a Superman comic-book, suggesting a strongly negative history between the two. Other comic books also appear of characters from the film, including Wonder Woman and Catwoman. Fiorella used his own comic book collection for this scene. * Longtime Batman villains the Penguin and the Riddler briefly appear, with a larger role taken by The Joker. A brief scene adapted from The Killing Joke appears, with Barbara Gordon crawling away from a door as the Joker breaks in. Afterwards, the Joker is seen walking through a park with the Graysons\' daughter. * In three brief appearances, Wonder Woman is shown deflecting bullets from her bracelets, snaring Robin in her golden lasso, and mourning over what appears to be the body of Superman. * The Green Lantern  has a momentary appearance, standing next to a fallen Robin, though the context is unexplained. *All in all, the trailer suggests the Justice League wants to stop Grayson from clarifying Batman\'s death. It is not known if they are ordered by or affiliated with O\'Hara. The filmmakers clarified that it was never their intention to portray the other superheroes as villains. They might be rather ordered to stop Dick because he is heading down a dangerous road.Schweier, Philip. "Batmania Revisited, Part 2: Robin Returns", TheComicBookBin.com, 2005-06-23. Retrieved on 2008-07-07. It is implied that Batman may not actually be dead and Fiorella\'s commentary on the "Behind the Scenes" video confirms that this ambiguity was his goal: "I wanted to make people wonder if in fact Batman had really been killed."'] ['Casey Jones is the story of a quirky young man with an irresistible propensity for violence. A lifelong outcast, Casey  learned at a young age to channel his brutal urges into sports, but after being kicked off the local hockey team for excessive force during practice, Casey moves back in with his worrisome mother to seek solace at his boyhood home. His retreat is soon interrupted though when a vicious gang of street punks, the Purple Dragons, savagely beat him with pipes for attempting to remove their graffiti. After narrowly escaping the encounter with his life, Casey vows to single-handedly rid his neighborhood of crime. Armed with a golf bag loaded with clubs and sporting a fearful hockey mask, Casey stalks the alleyways by night, mercilessly trouncing any delinquents unlucky enough to cross his path. The misguided crusader soon goes off the deep end, and an unlikely ally from the sewers is forced to intervene before the vigilante annihilates every criminal in the city.'] ['The film begins with the opening credits of a typical Star Wars fanfilm entitled "Bond of the Force". Gregory  plays Jacen Solo, and Jennifer  plays the offscreen voice of Jaina Solo. Jacen is on a forest planet searching for Anakin Solo, but only encountering a Sith Lord named Darth Katai, played by Zarth . The two begin to duel, and it is an intense battle...until Greg misses his cue, incurring the wrath of writer-director Tom "Servo" Harrison . Tom gets into a fight with his friends, and they walk out on him. After a monologue based on High Fidelity, with Star Wars in the place of rock music, Tom reflects back a few months to the genesis of the fanfilm project. Tom, Greg, Jenny, and Zarth are seen hanging out at Excalibur Games, a hobby shop, playing the Star Wars pants game. Tom is revealed to be an employee at the store, working for store credit while he has his money saved up for film school. He claims the only downside to the job is the trekkies--specifically, two irate, Star Wars-hating ones named James  and Stewart . The two enter the store, arguing over a discrepancy between the film Star Trek Generations and the Technical Manual. While waiting for Tom to get their new Star Trek cards, Stewart accidentally spills soda on a set of comics that Greg\'s boss ordered. Tom demands they pay for the damaged goods, and the Trekkies overpay him before leaving the store in a rush. Tom realizes that they can sell the undamaged books to Greg\'s boss for full price and pocket the money from the Trekkies. At Greg\'s suggestion, Tom combines the money with his remaining store credit and buys model lightsabers, which prompts the idea in his mind of making a Star Wars fanfilm. Tom, Greg, Jenny, and Zarth sit around discussing ideas for a plot for their fanfilm, deciding against a story about a mischievous not-good-but-not-evil Jedi, a story about a post-Return of the Jedi Boba Fett , a story about all the sith in the galaxy competing for the master-and-apprentice positions, and a rock musical. Despite Tom\'s protests, everybody resigns to simply doing a lightsaber duel film. Tom approaches the reluctant Trekkies to do the visual effects, offering them ten percent of his store credit . Tom ends up spending all his money on preproduction for the film, and finds himself no longer able to afford film school. He has a nightmare about his film being terrible, with poorly-rotoscoped lightsabers and a soundtrack by Meco. Back in the present, Zarth tells Tom he needs to "pull his head out". An irate Tom grabs a prop lightsaber, and the two enter a Matrix-inspired lightsaber duel fantasy sequence. When Zarth beats Tom, he asks him, "Do you think that\'s a real lightsaber you\'re holding?" Tom realizes he\'s been taking himself and the film too seriously, and has lost any sense of fun. On their way back to Excalibur Games, Tom and Zarth are stopped by Greedo. Greedo and Tom begin to play out a homage to Greedo\'s scene in A New Hope, until Zarth interrupts and points out that the gag has already been done--in Crapisode One. Back at Excalibur, the gang shows Greedo the scene in question. He flips out, complaining that a lightsaber fight is so overdone, but one Greedo scene is done before and suddenly it\'s off-limits. Jenny explains that a lightsaber duel is a formula, and can be personalized, but they can\'t add anything to a Greedo scene, because "in the end, you always wind up dead," which Greg then proves by shooting Greedo in the head. Later that night, the gang is eating pizza, and Tom apologizes to the others for his behavior. When it is revealed that Tom had dressed up as Darth Maul for the midnight showing of The Phantom Menace, Tom recounts the story in a soliloquy reminiscent of Jaws. Tom then reveals how much he hated the movie, and how mad he was at George Lucas. Later, when he met his friends, he realized that no movie would have met his expectations. Now, he just wants to finish his fanfilm. The gang finishes shooting the duel, and holds the premiere in the store. Everybody is excited watching the film. After everybody else goes home, Tom reflects on the point of making a Star Wars fanfilm--to have fun. Your film may not be perfect, but you shouldn\'t care what others think, because in the end, "it\'s only a movie."'] [" The destruction of the Jedi Temple was devastating. Accusing the now-defunct Confederacy of Independent Systems of the attack, Emperor Palpatine declares martial law on Coruscant. As the Imperial presence spreads to most systems, Palpatine calls the scattered Jedi order ineffective. Their protests are denounced as treason, all Jedi are declared traitors, and are now fugitives of the Empire. The film centers on Zhanna&mdash;one of the Emperor's Hands&mdash;and Taryn Anwar, a Seer who had helped Zhanna hunt down the Jedi without knowing that Zhanna had turned to the dark side. Taryn seeks to redeem herself; her visions lead her to a dangerous ancient Jedi artifact said to give the bearer great power.  Fan films by definition are not considered canonical. Revelations was written and produced before the premiere of Revenge of the Sith, and inevitably there were discrepancies between what the filmmakers hypothesized would transpire in Revenge of the Sith, and what was eventually depicted in Lucas's finished film. Many of these inconsistencies revolve around the chronology of the destruction of the Jedi order."] ['The movie is divided into three parts, the first part entitled "The Overnight Nation" is sixty-nine minutes long and follows Snake as he joins Philanthropy, an organization created in order to stop Metal Gears around the world. Snake  teams up with Elizabeth Laeken  and Pierre Leclerc  as they attempt to find out what\'s really going on in "The Overnight Nation". The movie is set in 2007, taking place before or right after the first part of Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty. A quote from Hive Division states:  "Philanthropy explores ideas such as genetics, which is a recurring theme in the Metal Gear series; memetics, the study of how culture, habits, and information evolve, expand, how it is used and abused."  There is currently no word on when the two proposed sequels will begin production.'] ['The film is set during the timespan of The Fellowship of the Ring. It takes place 17 years after Bilbo Baggins\'s 111th birthday party and just before Frodo Baggins leaves the Shire for Rivendell . The wizard Gandalf fears that Gollum may reveal information about the One Ring to the Dark Lord Sauron, and sends the Ranger Aragorn, heir of Isildur, on a quest to find him. The story opens with a brief prologue about the ring\'s disappearance before cutting to Aragorn  and Gandalf  at an inn  in Bree. Gandalf explains his concerns about Gollum\'s knowledge of the Ring falling into enemy hands, and asks Aragorn to find the creature with his tracking skills. After initially having little luck, Aragorn crosses paths with a fellow ranger and distant kinsman named Arithir , a Ranger of the North, who reports hearing rumours about a creature that has been stealing fish from open windows in local villages; the movie cuts to a scene of Gollum doing just that, and eating his ill-gotten gain atop the roof. Aragorn and Arithir part ways, and Aragorn encounters and kills a pair of Orc scouts in the forest. He soon locates Gollum by a fish pond afterwards and captures the creature in a snare trap. Having secured the whining and protesting Gollum inside a sack, Aragorn sets out for Mirkwood. He briefly spots a Nazgûl in the woods, but avoids it. Later that same day, he is attacked by an Orc squad and defeats them, but is hit by a poison dart which takes effect after he dispatches his last attacker. He collapses beside a patch of Athelas flowers and has a vision of Arwen  in Rivendell. Aragorn regains consciousness at dusk and discovers that Gollum has escaped from the sack. He seeks the creature well into the night, but finally finds him hiding up in a tree. Gollum fearfully explains that a Nazgûl is coming&nbsp;— seconds later, a Ringwraith attacks Aragorn. After a short duel, the Nazgûl flees from a bright light created by the Elves of Mirkwood, who recapture Gollum and guide Aragorn back to their fortress. The scene cuts to Gandalf emerging from Mirkwood\'s dungeons after interrogating Gollum. Gandalf tells Aragorn that Gollum knows of Bilbo Baggins and The Shire, and explains that he must now go there to warn Frodo. Aragorn suggests sending Frodo to meet him in Bree, and Gandalf readily agrees. The film ends with Gollum speaking to himself in the dungeon, where he vows to kill "Bagginses" and reclaim his "Precious".'] ["The film follows Ryu after waking up from a nightmare of Akuma. While walking in the forest, he is followed by a mysterious warrior revealed to be Ken Masters, Ryu's old friend and sparring partner. The two have a match together using their signature moves Hadōken, Shoryuken, Tatsumaki Senpū Kyaku in the day time and night time in the rain. The film ends with the two in mid-air about to kick."] ['{{Further}} The film pits Indiana Jones  against a group of Nazis who are searching for the Ark of the Covenant which Adolf Hitler believes will make their army invincible.'] 