['Dick Bannister is the new field boss of the Ford Logging Company, a Canadian logging-crew during a time when conflicts with the powerful Consolidated Lumber Company, a bitter rival company, have turned bloody, like a private war. His boss, Miss Edith Ford, comes to inspect the lumberjack camp, bringing her doctor fiancé with her. Dick is attacked by his rivals and left for dead. His loss of blood is so great that he needs a transfusion, but no human will volunteer, so the surgeon uses a wolf as a source of the blood. Afterwards, Dick begins having dreams where he runs with a pack of phantom wolves, and the rival loggers get killed by wolves. Soon, these facts have spread through the camp and most of the lumberjacks decide that Dick is a werewolf.'] ["Set in the near future amidst accelerating global cataclysms, the film follows a troubled young boy, Tim Wu , and his jaded older sister, Pam  as they use their imaginations  to escape their broken lives after their airplane pilot father suddenly and unexpectedly abandons them. Their mother Saura  struggles to make ends meet and move on with her life while involved with her manipulative boyfriend, Wendell . Pam, who works cleaning airplanes, seeks solace in her friend Scott , who struggles to be accepted as gay by his willfully ignorant and staunchly Christian, adoptive parents . Meanwhile, Tim's schoolteacher and Scott's lover, Jonah , attempts to reach out to Tim."] ['"Once, long ago" in a world of unicorns, fairies, goblins, and demons, the Lord of Darkness beseeches Mother Night for her protection, lamenting his isolation, exiled underground by an unseen force. He senses the presence of the Two Unicorns who safeguard The Power of Light, and bids his goblin servant, Blix, to find and destroy them. They are to bring him the horns, to create an eternal night of cold darkness, so he can roam the lands freely and ensure sunshine\'s warmth never returns to the realm of Light. Mischievous Princess Lili goes alone to the forest to meet her friend Jack, a "forest child" who is teaching her the languages of animals. He takes her to visit the unicorns when the hidden goblins attack with a poisoned blowpipe dart, hitting the stallion. The unicorns bolt, and Jack thinks it\'s because of Lili, but she makes light of his fears and sets him a challenge by throwing her ring into a pond, declaring she will marry whoever finds it. Jack dives in, and the surface freezes because the unicorn has been wounded, causing the world to turn to ice. Jack breaks through the ice but Lili has gone. She hides from the rampaging goblins, but when she hears them crowing that her beauty "led the beasts to bay," she swears she will make it right, and goes after them. Jack and Lili embody the pure innocence of the male and female Unicorns of Light, suffering and overcoming alongside them. Jack cannot find Lili but meets Honeythorn Gump , Oona , Brown Tom and Screwball (two [[Dwarf . They believe Lili is to blame for the world turning to ice, but agree to search together for her. They find the fallen stallion and his mate instead, and Jack tells them that the alicorn  must be recovered for the world to return to normal. He is shocked when Gump tells him he must be their champion, and they leave Brown Tom to guard the unicorns while they get weapons for Jack. Lili finds the unicorns, but the goblins attack again, and she is captured along with the mare. When she awakens underground, Darkness is enchanted with her and begins to seduce her. He tells her that her sins make her a perfect match for him, and she is disgusted at first. He tries to impress her with promises of shared power, glory, and immortality. Furious with herself and scornful of Darkness\' arrogance, Lili pretends to be mesmerized and accepting of his displays of power. She is swept into a Dance with Darkness, transforming physically and psychologically from innocent to enchanted and confused to coldly ambitious, as Darkness showers her with lavish jewels, luxurious apparel and tables heaped with treasure. Darkness tells her there will never be another dawn because he will kill the unicorn by sunset; sunlight would destroy him, he says. She agrees to marry him if she can kill the mare, and he is ecstatic. Jack and his friends have found them and overhear, giving Jack the key to his demise. From the ghoulish wedding banquet preparations they take giant metal platters to design a sunlight mirror relay, or heliotrope, of the beams of light before it sets, as Lili and Darkness prepare to sacrifice the mare. But Lili frees the unicorn instead, and Jack attacks Darkness while the others relay the light of the setting sun to kill him. Darkness shouts that he can never be destroyed, claiming "I am a part of you all," just before he is blasted away by the light. They emerge from the underworld under a starlit sky, but Lili is still under a spell. Gump restores the horn to the stallion, and as the world returns to normal, Jack dives into the pond again. When he puts the ring on Lili\'s finger, she awakens and gives it back to him. Jack invites her to return and runs off into the sunrise as the others wave goodbye. The U.S. theatrical cut ends with Jack and Lili running off into the sunrise together. As Gump and his companions wave goodbye the shot fades to Darkness laughing one last time.'] ['"Part One: The Prisoner" tells of a troubled actor, Gary , who is wearing a green bracelet on his wrist. Gary is under house arrest living in another person\'s house because he burned down his own. The owner of the house is described as a TV writer away on work. While living in the house he is befriended by both a P.R. \'handler\', Margaret , and the single mom next door, Sarah , who may or may not be interested in him romantically. Over the course of his house arrest, Gary becomes convinced that he is being haunted by the number nine, including finding a note saying "Look for the nines" in his handwriting. He encounters many occurrences of the number nine, while playing backgammon he rolls nines, while reading newspaper advertisements he becomes obsessed with finding nines. Asking Sarah about the number 9 worries her and she cryptically tells him "I can get you out of here". He also sees different versions of himself around the house, which unsettles him, causing him to break out of his house arrest barrier, which in turn causes a blip in reality. "Part Two: Reality Television" tells of a television writer, Gavin , trying to get his pilot made. He leaves his house to go away and work on his TV show, Knowing, about a mother and daughter who are lost, which stars his friend Melissa  as the lead actress. In a conversation about reviews and critics Susan , a television executive and producer of the show, tells Gavin to look for the nines which he then writes on a piece of paper, the same piece which Gary found in Part One. He also tells Melissa he thinks he is haunted by himself. During the process of post production, Susan pushes for Gavin to ditch his friend Melissa as the unconventional lead actress of his project, in favor of a more attractive, well-known actress. This causes an argument between him and Melissa. He then finds out that the well-known actress was actually cast in another show which Susan knew of before suggesting her. Since she is now unavailable and Melissa won\'t answer Gavin\'s phone-calls. Gavin confronts Susan about her knowing his show would never get picked up and about him only being a subject on a Reality-TV show. After a heated exchange, he snaps and slaps her in the mouth. Insulting his manhood for hitting a woman she scoffs "Do you think you are a man"? She walks away, which leads to him telling the reality TV cameraman to leave him alone. A pedestrian then asks him who he is talking to, and it is shown that the reality television cameraman does not exist. He looks around and notices that everyone has a 7 floating above their heads and also that he has the number nine floating above his head. A flashback from Part One shows Gary\'s P.R. handler, Margaret, telling him he is a God-like being and that God is a 10, humans are a 7 and that he is a 9, therefore he can destroy the world with a single thought, and that he exists in many different forms and that none of them are real. Gary does not believe this and flips out, which is revealed to be the real reason for his breaking his house arrest barrier in Part One. "Part Three: Knowing" tells of an acclaimed video game designer, Gabriel , whose car breaks down in the middle of nowhere. Gabriel leaves his wife, Mary , and young daughter, Noelle, to try to get a better signal on his phone. He meets a woman, Sierra , who leads him off into the woods to her car, so she can give him a lift to the gas station. Meanwhile back at the car Noelle watches a video on a digital camera showing Gavin talking to Melissa from Part Two and Margaret talking to Gary in Part One. She is confused and shows her mom, who appears confused as well. Meanwhile, Gabriel shows signs of intoxication, as Sierra had drugged water she was giving him with GHB. She has been trying all along as Sarah, Sierra, Susan to separate the other three incarnations of "G" from Mary. That poisoning him with GHB was the only way to get him to stop long enough to reason with him. She calms Gabriel by telling him that this is an intervention and they , were trying to help him come home. She likens Gabriel\'s addiction to video game addiction. That Gabriel has been playing for 4,000 years reincarnating into different roles to play with the humans. The 3 nines plead with him to come back home. Back at the car Noelle has gone missing. Gabriel then returns to the car with Noelle in his arms and the family goes home. Mary, who realizes that he is not who he seems, tells Gabriel he needs to go and that the world is not real. Gabriel tells her that there were ninety different variations of the universe and this is the last one. Gabriel then realizes he must go and removes the green bracelet from his wrist, at which point the universe peels away into nothing. The film ends with the woman from all three parts married to Ben, whom she is married to in Part Two, and Noelle as their daughter. Noelle tells her mother that "he\'s not coming back" and that "all the pieces have been put together" and her mother finishes her sentence that this is "the best of all possible worlds."'] ['The film opens in 1938, introducing Dominic Matei , a 70-year old professor of linguistics. On the eve of World War II, Dominic attempts to visit the Café Select but is denied access due to wearing his pyjamas. Dominic realises that he is getting no younger, and has essentially failed his aim in life – to fully discover the origin of human language. His tireless labours have condemned him to a solitary existence, often spent pining after Laura , the love of his youth. Intent on committing suicide, Dominic travels to Bucharest, the city where he and Laura met at university. He is struck by lightning. In hospital, he is initially diagnosed by Professor Stanciulescu  to be dying of his burns. However, Stanciulescu is startled when his patient regenerates into a much younger man. The Professor helps Dominic out of the hospital so as to continue studying him. Shortly afterwards, Romania is occupied by the Nazis, whose interests are aroused by Stanciulescu’s miracle patient. While residing at the Professor\'s home, Dominic realises that he possesses strange capacities. He begins to experience multiple planes of reality, blurring his perception of whether he is awake or asleep. He mistakes the “Woman in Room Six”  for an erotic fantasy – when in reality, she is a Nazi spy. During his nights together with the Woman, Dominic discovers he has an unnatural talent for languages after they communicate effortlessly in French, German, and even Sanskrit. As his abilities progress, Dominic becomes aware of an “other” self who speaks to him in mirrors and dreams. This alternate persona serves as the voice of his condition, claiming to exist outside of space and time. When Dominic asks for proof, the “other” obliges by bringing him two roses which materialise out of nowhere. Unbeknownst to Dominic, Stanciulescu has witnessed the event and overhears his friend ask himself “Where do you want me to place the third rose?”. This gives the Professor great concern and understanding for the Nazis’ designs upon Dominic. A Third Reich programme led by Doktor Josef Rudolf  has recently confiscated his research and is unsuccessfully attempting to duplicate the lightning. Stanciulescu persuades Dominic to escape from Romania, aided by anti-Nazi sympathisers. While on the run, Dominic discovers he now possesses the knowledge to forge passports and conceal his identity. Thanks to the Nazi confiscation of research, Dominic’s existence has essentially been erased from the records. Later, he is saddened to learn that the Professor has died in a plane crash. Living like a spy, Dominic eventually arrives in Switzerland. Unfortunately, the Woman in Room Six has managed to pick up his trace, leading to a confrontation between Dominic and Doktor Rudolf in an alleyway. The doctor argues that Dominic’s existence supports the Nazis’ ideal of the superman, and that the coming nuclear warfare can only be survived by a superior species of man. In the background, the “other” Dominic confirms this to be the case. However, Dominic himself refuses to cooperate, forcing the doctor to pull a gun on him. The Woman is shot defending Dominic, provoking him to telekinetically manipulate Rudolf into shooting himself. The war ends but Rudolf’s fears about nuclear armament are realized. Dominic resumes a normal existence, during which he continues his research. Realising that he has been transformed into a human of the future – thus gifting him with knowledge of the fate of mankind – he develops a secret language for his audio diary, to be deciphered by a supercomputer in the year 2010 – long after the nuclear apocalypse. Many years later, Dominic encounters a girl named Veronica  while hiking in the Alps. The “other” reveals her to be the reincarnation of Laura. When the mountains are hit by a violent storm, Dominic rushes to her rescue. He finds her huddled in a cave, chanting in Sanskrit, which he greets her with to gain her trust. During her stay in hospital, Dominic finds that Veronica now identifies herself as “Rupini”, the daughter of a wealthy family in India who were among the first disciples of the Buddha. While the doctors assume she is suffering from amnesia and delusion from the incident, he suspects that she may now be suffering from a condition similar to his own and calls the Roman College of Oriental Studies for aid. Led by Professor Giuseppe Tucci , the scholars confirm that Rupini was a real person, who went to a cave many centuries ago to meditate on Enlightenment. Since the cave’s location is unknown, the scholars agree to fund an expedition to find the cave in India, hoping that Veronica’s past self will guide them. Dominic volunteers to accompany them under the alias “Martin Audricourt”. The venture proves a success when a local holy man recognises “Rupini” and directs her to the place of meditation. While investigating the cave, Dominic finds the bones of the original Rupini. After this discovery, Veronica becomes herself again and no longer speaks Sanskrit. Some time passes and she begins to fall for Dominic. The couple elopes to Malta, where they live happily together – until Dominic tells a sleeping Veronica that he has always loved her. This causes Veronica to writhe on the bed as if possessed and begin chanting in a language even he does not understand. The “other” appears to him and explains that she is speaking in ancient Egyptian, having travelled further back along the path of her past selves. Over the next two weeks, Dominic and the “other” learn how to control this state in Veronica, leading her to regress even further back in time and speak languages such as Babylonian and previously unknown tongues. However, Veronica\'s health begins to decline from exhaustion, and Dominic declares that he cannot continue these sessions – or even being close to Veronica, since his proximity is accelerating her age. The “other” disagrees and urges him to find the Ur-Language, which would complete his life\'s work. Dominic tearfully explains everything to Veronica and leaves her weeping, begging for him to stay. In 1969, Veronica departs from a train with two children in France. Without being noticed, Dominic takes a snapshot of her and begins to cry when she passes without recognizing him. Despairing, he returns to the town where he taught as a professor. His alter ego appears to him and reveals the truth about the future – nuclear warfare will unleash an electromagnetic pulse, giving birth to a new and more powerful human species, of which Dominic is but the first member. Veronica symbolised the dawn of man, and he stood for the dusk. Dominic is outraged at the idea of sacrificing millions of lives in the name of evolution and shatters the mirror. The “other” is completely taken off guard and slowly vanishes, all the while yelling in an unknown language. The film comes full circle when Dominic returns to the Café Select to clear his thoughts. While there, he encounters all of his old colleagues, who are long dead. As more friends from his past join him and offer warm greetings, Dominic becomes more agitated and begins to age, complaining that this is a dream of a dream of a dream. He mumbles that should he ever solve the "worry that we all share," he will tell them the answer. Dominic stumbles out of the room and journeys back into the snowy winter night. In the morning, townsfolk find his aged body, lying dead at the bottom of a staircase. They search his passport, but find only the younger alias of “Martin Audricourt”. In the final scene, Veronica’s voice is heard echoing “Where do you want me to put the third rose?” – the rose appears in Dominic’s lifeless grasp.'] ['Donald Bridges  and his wife Alice  have a young son, Andy,  who is emotionally disturbed due to a near drowning accident. The parents frequently argue with each other about how to raise their son until they have uninvited houseguests when a plane carrying Jarvis Moody  and Pepper Upper  falls from the sky and crashes right onto their roof. Jarvis and Pepper are a pair of wealthy eccentrics who give Donald and Alice a lesson in how to enjoy life. The stranded couple force the stressed parents to cope with each other and with their son. Then Andy asks through his artwork to be taken to a special school for children with his type of disorder. All of their lives are changed forever in this warm, offbeat fairytale.'] ["Kyle Kingson  an arrogant and vain son of a wealthy news anchor Rob Kingson  bullies Kendra Hilferty  who magically transforms handsome Kyle into a bald, tattooed and scarred shell. If he does not find someone who loves him by the next spring he would remain in his ugly state forever. Kyle is taken to live in a private house with their maid Zola  and a blind tutor Will Fratalli . Both are a comfort to Kyle when his father begins to neglect him. As spring draws closer, Kyle finds himself infatuated with Lindy Taylor , a girl whom he had kept distance from in his former school. He sees her father, a druggie, engaged in an altercation with two drug dealers and shoots one dead while the other vows to kill Lindy. Kyle persuades Lindy’s father to allow her to move in with him. Lindy is furious about hiding and doesn't speak to Kyle, but eventually, Kyle reveals himself and they begin to warm up to each other. Kyle writes a letter professing his love for Lindy but does not give it for fear of rejection. He visits Kendra to plead for more time and she refuses but agrees to restore Will's vision and grant citizenship to Zola's three children in Jamaica if he gets Lindy to fall in love with him. The criminal who threatened Lindy’s life lands up in jail. Lindy’s father is overdosed and is in hospital. Kyle permits Lindy to leave and see her father and drives her to the station. He gives her the letter but regrets doing so as she tells him he’s a good friend. Lindy calls him after reading the letter but being heartbroken Kyle does not answer them. Persuaded by Will and Zola, Kyle goes to meet Lindy one last time before she leaves on a school trip to Machu Picchu. Lindy professes her love, and departs for Machu Picchu. Kyle’s normal self is restored but Lindy does not recognize him until she calls his phone and finds that it is the phone of the restored Kyle that rings. Will wakes up one morning and can see again and Zola finds three green cards for her children in the mail from the government. Kendra approaches Rob Kingson's office as a new intern, implying that Kendra will likely do the same thing to Rob as she did to Kyle. At the end credits, vacation photos show Lindy and Kyle passionately together after high school, living happily ever after.  In the alternative ending of the film that is seen on the DVD, Kyle receives a voice message from Lindy telling him she loves him. However she has left on the school trip and Kyle believes he has lost his chance with her. He then receives another call from Lindy, who is being abducted by Victor, a drug dealer. Kyle runs throughout the city to save her and, upon reaching her and finding her in Victor's hold, leaps forward to save her but is shot in the process. Lindy goes to get help, but Kyle asks her to stay and she tells him she loves him as he dies. Lindy's tears, however, bring him back to life and restore him to his former self. At first, Lindy refuses to believe it is him but soon realizes it is really him and the two kiss. Kyle and Lindy then go to Prom together and Kyle thanks Kendra for what she has done. Afterwards, like the original ending, Kendra is taking an internship at Rob Kingson's office."] ['In 2005, Daisy, an elderly woman, is on her deathbed in a New Orleans hospital. Daisy asks her daughter, Caroline, to read aloud from the diary of Benjamin Button. It begins with an introduction note written on April 4, 1985. In 1918, Mr. Gateau, a blind New Orleans clockmaker, loses his son on the battlefields of France in World War I. As a way to deal with the grief, Gateau builds a large clock for the New Orleans train station, but fixes it so that the time goes in reverse. When asked why, Gateau states that maybe time will reverse and the men lost in the war—including his son—might come home again. On the evening of November 11, 1918, a boy is born with the appearance and physical maladies of a very elderly man. The baby\'s mother dies shortly after giving birth, and the father, Thomas Button, abandons the infant on the porch of a nursing home. Queenie and Mr. "Tizzy" Weathers, who work at the nursing home, find the baby, and Queenie decides to care for him as her own. In 1925, Queenie and a 7-year old Benjamin attend church; he physically appears 77. Learning to walk, Ben declares that moment a miracle, as written in his diary; the priest has a sudden, fatal heart attack. In November 1930, 12-year-old Benjamin, having exchanged a wheelchair for crutches, befriends six-year-old Daisy, whose grandmother lives in the nursing home. As Benjamin\'s body grows younger, he accepts work on a tugboat. Benjamin also meets Thomas Button, who does not reveal that he is Benjamin\'s father. In 1936, Benjamin leaves New Orleans with the tugboat crew for a long-term work engagement. He eventually finds himself in Murmansk, where he starts an affair with Elizabeth Abbott, wife of the British Trade Minister. In 1941, while the tugboat crew is still in Russia, Japan attacks the U.S. at Pearl Harbor, thrusting America into World War II. Mike, the captain, volunteers the boat to be a ship in the U.S. Navy and the crew is assigned to scrap collection duty. During a patrol, the tugboat stumbles upon a sunken U.S. transport and the bodies of hundreds of American troops. While surveying the carnage, a German submarine surfaces. Knowing his duty, Mike steers the tugboat full speed towards the sub while a German gunner fires on the tugboat, killing most of the crew including Mike. The tugboat then rams the submarine, causing it to explode, sinking both vessels. The next day Benjamin and one other crew member are picked up by ships of the U.S. Navy. In May 1945, Benjamin returns to New Orleans, and learns that 21-year-old Daisy has become a successful ballet dancer. Benjamin again crosses paths with Thomas Button, who, terminally ill, reveals that he is Benjamin\'s father. Thomas wills Benjamin his possessions before he dies. Daisy\'s dance career is ended in Paris in 1957, when she is hit by a taxi cab and breaks her leg. When Benjamin goes to see her, Daisy is amazed at his youthful appearance, but frustrated at her own injuries; she tells him to stay out of her life. In 1962, Daisy returns to New Orleans and reunites with Benjamin. Now of comparable physical age, they fall in love and move in together. Daisy gives birth to a girl, Caroline in 1968, when Benjamin\'s 49. Believing he cannot be a father to his daughter due to his reverse aging, Benjamin sells his belongings and leaves the proceeds to Daisy and Caroline. He begins traveling the world in 1970 , really in his early 50s but appearing to be in his early 30s, including going to India, and doing motorcycle work. Finally, Benjamin ends his travels in 1981, at age 63. Appearing 21, Benjamin comes back to Daisy that same year. Now married, Daisy introduces him to her husband and daughter as a family friend. Daisy then visits Benjamin at his hotel, where they share their passion for each other. Daisy admits that he was right to leave; she could not have coped otherwise. After saying goodnight to her, Benjamin watches Daisy leave in a taxi from his window. In 1991, widowed Daisy receives a phone call from social workers. They have found Benjamin — now apparently about 12 years old. When she arrives, they explain that he\'d been living in a condemned building, and was recently taken to the hospital in failing health. They have contacted her because they found her name in his diary. The bewildered social workers also say he\'s displaying early signs of dementia. Daisy moves into the nursing home where Benjamin grew up and takes care of him as he becomes increasingly younger until, physically, he becomes an infant once more. Daisy says to Caroline that in 2002, Gateau\'s clock was moved into storage, replaced by a digital screen clock. In 2003, Benjamin dies in Daisy\'s arms remembering who she was. Benjamin\'s story now told, Daisy dies in her New Orleans hospital bed as Hurricane Katrina approaches, and the scene fades to the storage room in which Gateau\'s clock is contained; the film ends with the clock still running backwards, as the room in which it is contained begins to flood.'] ['{{Plot}} Eun-soo, a salesman, is driving his car along Highway 69 while talking to his girlfriend, Hae-young, on the phone. Hae-young is four weeks pregnant and tells him to come be by her side for the remainder of the pregnancy. But he tells her that his mother is ill and he has to visit her. They quarrel as Eun-soo is driving causing him to hit a rock and he passes out. When he wakes up he finds himself stranded in a dark forest. He sees a light that turns out to be the light from a lantern that a young girl is carrying. She helps him up and as they walk to her house, introduces herself as Young-hee. She leads him to a large house in the middle of the forest called the "House of Happy Children". Her parents, Man-bok, her older brother, and Jung-soon,her younger sister, are waiting on the porch when they arrive. The next day when Eun-soo woke up, he saw many sweets on the table, and the children were following every move he made. He decides to leave, but came back into the house because the darkness was quickly approaching. As he tried to get out of the house again, he discovered that the parents were leaving, and they tell him to take care of the kids. Soon he found out from their mother, who was hiding in the attic, that she and her husband were not their real parents. Their car broke down on the same highway where Eun-soo was stranded, and when they explored the woods, they met Jung-soon. She told him not to believe the children. The day after, it was snowing, and as Eun-soo makes his way out for the third time, he meets Man-bok and a couple walking towards the house. The husband was a deacon, who seemed very nice and got the children\'s sympathy, while his wife had a malicious aura about her. As Eun-soo kept looking for clues, he realized that the meat they ate for lunch and dinner was actually the cooked body of the missing \'father\',and his wife had now turned into a china doll. He also noticed that the deacon\'s wife had disappeared after blaming Jung-soon for stealing her ring. At night, he sees Man-bok going into the woods. He goes to follow him, and makes a trail of breadcrumbs so he wouldn\'t get lost. He was surprised to learn that the deacon\'s wife had been turned into an oak tree. Man-bok finally stops in front of a mysterious door, leading into a room. Man-bok put down the notebook that he and his sisters were working on throughout the movie. As he heads through the door, his face changes to an old man\'s face. When he leaves, Eun-soo immediately goes into the room to find out what\'s going on. He looked over the notes in the notebook, and found out that the children were over thirty years old. Suddenly Young-hee comes in, apparently sleepwalking, and as they talk, Eun-soo looks at her face, which is now an old woman\'s face, which causes Eun-soo to back off in shock, and he hits the bookcases in the room, which causes all the notes to fall off the shelves. As he reads the notes, Man-bok narrates the story, revealing the reason why he wanted to get rid of the couple who used to be his \'parents\'. While they were playing, Jung-soon accidentally stepped on shards of broken glass, and the husband did absolutely nothing, instead quarelling with his wife. This angers Man-bok, so he uses his powers to cut the husband\'s fingers, and drops them into the boiling pan. Since then the couple became aware of his powers, and tried not to mess up, or they would end up dead. Eun-soo sees more of the children\'s drawings in the notebook, such as a woman with her legs and arms cut, a woman turned into an oak tree, a woman in a dress with red crayons being splattered on her face, and a man who was dressed like him laying on the grass beside the red flowers he had seen on his way out. He realizes the notebook pictured his own story, and he knew he\'d better stop the kids before they got bored with him and murder him. Meanwhile, Young-hee went back to the house after hearing Byun  singing. Eun-soo decides to go back too, and finds out Byeon is a leader of a religious cult who tried to kill the children,and he was holding Jung-soon hostage. He knocks Byeon out and asks the children what happened. As Young-hee begins the story, the scene turns into a flashback. The kids were living in an orphanage called "House of Happy Children". The caretaker was abusive, he raped the girls and beat up the boys. Man-bok tried to save his friend Seung-ho from being beaten up for spilling the food they were eating, but he failed and his friend ended up being locked in a dark room. Young-hee and Jung-soon once tried to run away, but then came back, ending in Young-hee being taken into the caretaker\'s room, to save Jung-soon from being raped. One Christmas Eve, they wondered if Santa Claus would give them presents, because they thought they weren\'t very good that year. This conversation leads Man-bok to activate his powers by blasting the TV, but he didn\'t realize until the next morning when Santa Claus did come, and told Man-bok and his sisters that their dreams would come true if they really wanted and imagined it, and he gave them a Hansel and Gretel storybook. They believed they must follow the story, even the part where Gretel kills the evil witch, and they think they must do this to all bad adults. The three of them then see Seung-ho being forced to get in a sack, where he is beaten to death. Man-bok feels that this must stop. He and his sisters sneak up to the locked room, and Man-bok is amazed that he can unlock the door by just imagining it. They try to give candy to their friends inside, but soon realize that they are all dead. Unfortunately the caretaker found them and was going to burn them in the fireplace, but they had had enough. Man-bok screamed , causing a whirlwind to kick up  which throws the caretaker into the fireplace, and Byun is stabbed to death. The winds stop, and the children ask Eun-soo to stay with them. But Eun-soo tells them that his loved ones are out there. He suggests taking the children outside with him, but they refuse, saying adults will always be bad. Eun-soo argued that if they kept doing what they were doing, they would be the bad adults too. Suddenly Young-hee whispers "Burn the notebook, so you can get out of here.", and before Man-bok can stop him, he does so. As the book slowly burned, Eun-soo glanced at the children, who were crying. The screen fades to black. Eun-soo wakes up in the place where Young-hee found him. He walks up the road and finds the cops, who tell him the tragic stories of Highway 69, and that they are amazed that he survived. One year later, on Christmas, Eun-soo has married Hae-young, and they have a baby boy. Hae-young asks Eun-soo to go buy milk. As he went out, he narrated about the story, wondering if it was real or if it was a dream. He has collected news clippings which show that Deacon Byun  was missing, so it seems to have been true. As he heads out, he finds a notebook - the same notebook that the children used. He is surprised, and as he leafs through the pages one by one, he finds them blank until the last page, which shows three children dressed like Man-bok, Young-hee, and Jung-soon all holding hands and smiling, meaning that they finally gave up and realized that they don\'t need parents to be a family. Eun-soo looks out the window, and outside in the snow, Man-bok, Young-hee, and Jung-soon turn around and make their way back into the woods.'] ['In 1973, Susie Salmon , a 14-year-old girl living in Pennsylvania with her parents, sister, and brother, dreams about becoming a photographer some day. One day, Ray Singh , a boy Susie has a crush on, approaches her at her locker and slips a note into her textbook. He asks her out for the following Saturday. As Susie walks home through a cornfield, she runs into her neighbor, George Harvey , who coaxes her into an underground den that he says he has built for the neighborhood children. Inside, Susie becomes uncomfortable in Harvey\'s presence and attempts to leave; when he grabs her, she kicks him in the face and runs into the field and onto the street, rushing past classmate Ruth Connors . Meanwhile, the Salmon family becomes worried that Susie failed to return. Her father, Jack , leaves to search for her, while her mother, Abigail , waits for the police. In town, Susie sees her father, but he does not respond to her calls. Susie then runs home to find Harvey soaking in a bathtub. After seeing her charm bracelet hanging on the sink faucet near a bloody shaving razor, Susie realizes that she never escaped the den and was actually murdered by Harvey. Screaming, she is pulled into the "In-Between", that is neither Heaven nor Earth. From there, Susie watches over her loved ones, unable to let go despite her new afterlife friend, Holly , urging her to move on. Investigating Susie\'s disappearance with Detective Len Fenerman , Jack thinks Susie was murdered by someone she knew. He begins obsessively researching neighbors, including Harvey, who is actually the one who murdered Susie; Jack also comes to think that Harvey is the killer. But Fenerman, after he interviewed Harvey, he is unable to find any evidence that would link him as a suspect. Susie\'s sister, Lindsey , comes to agree with her father\'s suspicions, but their casework takes an emotional toll on Abigail, and Jack invites her alcoholic mother, Lynn , to move in with the family. Feeling alienated from her husband, Abigail leaves for California. In her afterlife, Susie inspects a lighthouse and learns that Harvey, who has now targeted Lindsey as his next victim, has murdered six other females, including Holly, and that he stuffed Susie\'s body into a safe in his basement. One night, Jack, carrying a bat, trails Harvey into the cornfield. However, Jack accidentally stumbles across Susie\'s friend, Clarissa . Her boyfriend, Brian , who mistakenly thinks that his girlfriend is being assaulted, nearly beats Jack to death while Harvey watches from a hiding spot. As Jack recuperates, Lindsey breaks into Harvey\'s house looking for evidence. Upstairs, she finds a notebook containing a sketch of the den, a lock of Susie\'s hair, and news articles about Susie\'s disappearance. Harvey returns home but Lindsey manages to escape and runs home to discover that her mother has returned. Not wishing to spoil the happy reunion of her parents, she hides the book from them and instead gives it to her grandmother. Fearful of being caught, Harvey flees, taking the safe with Susie\'s remains with him. The realm in Susie\'s afterlife begins expanding into a larger heaven, and she is greeted by Harvey\'s other victims. She resists Holly\'s urging to enter heaven along with the others, claiming she has one final thing to do. Meanwhile, Ruth and Ray are present when Harvey drives up to dispose of the safe at a sinkhole dump site on the Connors\' property. Susie returns to Earth and enters Ruth\'s body, causing Ruth to faint. Ray rushes to Ruth\'s aid only to realize she has become Susie. They share a kiss, completing Susie\'s last wish, and she returns to Heaven, as Harvey drives away. Meanwhile, the safe is seen tumbling down the sinkhole before disappearing into the muddy water. Sometime later, Harvey meets a young woman outside a diner and offers her a ride, but she rebuffs him and leaves. A large icicle falls from an overhead branch, hitting Harvey on the shoulder. He loses his balance on the ice and falls backward over a cliff to his death. Time passes, and Susie sees that her family is healing, which Susie refers to as "the lovely bones" that grew around her absence. As the film concludes, Susie finally enters Heaven, telling the audience: "My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name Susie. I was 14 years old when I was murdered on December 6, 1973. I was here for a moment and then I was gone. I wish you all a long and happy life."'] ['{{Expand section|datepresskit /> In its review, Variety describes plot twists such as "apparitions, out-of-body experiences, [and] sex with a catfish...."Justin Change, Variety "Cannes reviews", found at variety website. Accessed May 24, 2010.'] ["Many years ago, in Lapland, a boy named Nikolas is orphaned when his family are killed in an accident. The heads of the families in the village meet to decide his future and, as life in the arctic is difficult, it is decided that as no one family could care for him permanently, they would raise him communally, with each family taking him for one year and then moving him on to the next. Grateful, Nikolas begins whittling toys out of wood as a gift which, each Christmas, he leaves for the family that cared for him. It becomes a tradition from then, with Nikolas never forgetting the children of those families that received him each year. When a blight hits the village, and none of the families can afford to take him in for the next year, he is taken in by grumpy hermit Iisakki as his carpenter's apprentice. Iisakki works him hard but Nikolas is clever and quick to learn, and Iisakki gradually grows to love Nikolas as his own son. Nikolas begins to live more and more for the spirit of Christmas with each passing year and it becomes his life, and as he grows old he becomes the figure known as Santa Claus."] ['It is 2016 and the United States is in a sustained economic depression. Industrial disasters, resource shortages, and gasoline at $37/gallon have made railroads the primary mode of transportation, but even they are in disrepair. After a major accident on the Rio Norte line of the Taggart Transcontinental railroad, CEO James Taggart shirks responsibility. His sister Dagny Taggart, Vice-President in Charge of Operation, defies him by replacing the aging track with new rails made of Rearden Metal, which is claimed to be lighter yet stronger than steel. Dagny meets with its inventor, Hank Rearden, and they negotiate a deal they both admit serves their respective self-interests. Politician Wesley Mouch—nominally Rearden\'s lobbyist in Washington, D.C.—is part of a crowd that views heads of industry as persons who must be broken or tamed. James Taggart uses political influence to ensure that Taggart Transcontinental is designated the exclusive railroad for the state of Colorado. Dagny is confronted by Ellis Wyatt, a Colorado oil man angry to be forced to do business with Taggart Transcontinental. Dagny promises him that he will get the service he needs. Dagny encounters former lover Francisco d\'Anconia, who presents a façade of a playboy grown bored with the pursuit of money. He reveals that a series of copper mines he built are worthless, costing his investors  millions. Rearden lives in a magnificent home with a wife and a brother who are happy to live off his effort, though they overtly disrespect it. Rearden\'s anniversary gift to his wife Lillian is a bracelet from the first batch of Rearden Metal, but she considers it a garish symbol of Hank\'s egotism. At a dinner party, Dagny dares Lillian to exchange it for Dagny\'s diamond necklace, which she does. As Dagny and Rearden rebuild the Rio Norte line, talented people quit their jobs and refuse all inducements to stay. Meanwhile, Dr. Robert Stadler of the State Science Institute puts out a report implying that Rearden Metal is dangerous. Taggart Transcontinental stock plummets because of its use of Rearden Metal, and Dagny leaves Taggart Transcontinental temporarily and forms her own company to finish the Rio Norte line. She renames it the John Galt Line, in defiance of the phrase "Who is John Galt?"—which has come to stand for any question to which it is pointless to seek an answer. A new law forces Rearden to sell most of his businesses, but he retains Rearden Steel for the sake of his metal and to finish the John Galt Line. Despite strong government and union opposition to Rearden Metal, Dagny and Rearden complete the line ahead of schedule and successfully test it on a record-setting run to Wyatt\'s oil fields in Colorado. At the home of Wyatt, now a close friend, Dagny and Rearden celebrate the success of the line. As Dagny and Rearden continue their celebration into the night by fulfilling their growing sexual attraction, the shadowy figure responsible for the disappearances of prominent people visits Wyatt with an offer for a better society based on personal achievement. The next morning, Dagny and Rearden begin investigating an abandoned prototype of an advanced motor that could revolutionize the world. They realize the genius of the motor\'s creator and try to track him down. Dagny finds Dr. Hugh Akston, working as a cook at a diner, but he is not willing to reveal the identity of the inventor; Akston knows whom Dagny is seeking and says she will never find him, though he may find her. Another new law limits rail freight and levies a special tax on Colorado. It is the final straw for Ellis Wyatt. When Dagny hears that Wyatt\'s oil fields are on fire, she rushes to his home but finds a handwritten sign that reads, "I am leaving it as I found it. Take over. It\'s yours." The film closes with an answering machine voice-over of Wyatt declaring that he is on strike.'] ['The movie is narrated by two puppets, voiced by Naseeruddin Shah and his real-life wife Ratna Pathak Shah. Enthusiastic young Lachchi  is to be married to Kishen , the son of the rich merchant Bhanwarlal . Kishen is a dutiful son who honors his father\'s wish to start a new, far-away business on a predetermined auspicious date, which happens to be the day after the wedding ceremony. On the wedding night, Kishen turns away from his wife to finish his bookkeeping, and in the early morning hours sets off on a business trip that is to last five years. Lachchi is devastated; Gajrobai , her husband\'s sister-in-law, consoles her, empathizing on the grounds that Gajrobai\'s husband Sunderlal  has also disappeared. The next day, a ghost appears, having taken Kishen\'s shape and voice because of his own attachment to Lachchi. Lachchi is thus presented a riddle  between the representation of all of her desires in the form of the ghost and her real husband. She takes this new, fond, sexual, magical, social, self-confident version of Kishen as hers. As Kishen, the ghost befriends all of the real Kishen\'s family and keeps Bhanwarlal happy by providing him with magical, possibly illusory, gold coins. His only blunder is in his treatment of the messenger Bhoja, who is perplexed by the idea that Kishen has sent a letter from his business trip only to receive it himself in his own house and offended when the ghost  does not offer him a drink of water. Lachchi\'s bliss goes on until four years later, when she is pregnant and the real Kishen returns to see if the rumors about his wife\'s pregnancy are true. He returns to find the ghost in his  own form. Kishen\'s family is unable to determine which of the doppelgangers is the real Kishen . They decide to visit the king so that he can arbitrate. On the way to the king they meet an old shepherd Gadariya  who helps them out. He asks the real son of Bhanwarlal to pick up hot coals, asks the real husband to gather the sheep, and asks Lachchi\'s real paramour to enter a water-bottle. The real Kishen is found out and everyone returns home. Lachchi is devastated over the loss of the ghost. In the very end it is revealed that the ghost has escaped the bottle and taken control of Kishen\'s body in order to live with her. By now Lachchi has given birth to a daughter, Looni Ma, by whose identification the ghost exposes his identity to Lachchi. The puppets close the film, remarking that the film\'s plot is "an old story".'] ["Middle-aged Hideo lives alone with an inflatable doll he calls Nozomi. The doll is his closest companion. He dresses it up, talks to it over dinner, takes it out for walks in the community  and has sexual intercourse with it. However, unbeknown to Hideo, Nozomi finds a heart. After Hideo leaves for work each day, Nozomi dresses in her maid's outfit and explores the world outside their apartment with a sense of childlike wonder. Eventually she takes a job in a video store and becomes romantically involved with one of the employees. He discovers her secret—with unanticipated results."] ['The screenplay is an adaptation of fantasy author Lord Dunsany\'s My Talks with Dean Spanley, a 14-chapter novella published in 1936. It is set in Edwardian England. The narrative is called "a surreal period comedic tale of canine reincarnation exploring the relationships between father and son and master and dog"{{Citation needed}}  In the very early 1900s, Henslowe Fisk lives beholden to his father, the difficult Horatio Fisk. The Fisk family has suffered first the loss of its younger son, Harrington Fisk , killed in the Second Anglo-Boer War, shortly followed by the death of Horatio\'s wife. Fisk Senior is looked after by his house keeper Mrs Brimley  who has lost her husband. Fisk Junior reluctlantly visits his father every Thursday. One day, trying to entertain his father, Fisk Junior brings him to a lecture by a visiting swami  about the transmigration of souls that is attended by the new local clergyman, Dean Spanley . Later the same day he sees the Dean at his father\'s club. A chance third meeting leads to an introduction. Fisk Junior is intrigued by the Dean\'s oddly open-minded views on reincarnation and getting beyond the appearance of an affable, rather bland clergyman by his weakness for certain peculiar sensations produced by Hungarian Imperial Tokay wine, which leads him into a dreamlike state. Working with his clever friend Wrather , an Australian "conveyancer", Fisk secures a large batch of Tokay and the two entertain the Dean, who acts ever more strangely, starting to reveal memories of his previous life – as a Welsh Spaniel. These memories are acute and convincing, including rich feelings around food and communication with other canines, a deep distaste for cats and pigs and the joy of serving his master. As the story unfolds, Fisk Junior comes to understand his father\'s background better and the two draw closer.'] 