['When young Glaswegian cook Nina Shah  returns home for her father\'s funeral after three estranged years in London, England, she begins a romantic relationship with Lisa , an old childhood friend who now owns half the late father\'s Indian restaurant, The New Taj. Together they seek to save the restaurant by winning the national "Best in the West Curry Competition" for a third time. Nina\'s mother Suman  and brother Kary , however, want to sell the place to fellow restaurateur Raj , whose chef son Sanjay  had been left at the altar by Nina. Lending the young women moral support is Nina\'s flamboyant gay friend Bobbi , and Nina\'s younger sister Priya .'] ['In 1950s South Africa, a land torn apart by apartheid, Amina epitomizes individuality and freedom. She runs the Location Café, a haven of fun, food and festivities open to all. Amina defines her own laws and lives on her own terms undeterred by the reproving police and the disparaging Indian community. Miriam demurely follows conventions and makes no demands on life. Her world is confined to being a doting mother to her three children and a subservient wife to her chauvinistic husband Omar. Amina has a covert business partner Jacob. By virtue of being ‘coloured’ he is not allowed to own a business. Jacob fancies a local white postmistress Madeleine but their desire to pursue a relationship is thwarted by the indignities and injustices of the prevalent laws. Omar’s sister Rehmat marries a white man against rules that forbid mixed marriages. When she needs protection from police Amina shelters her. Amina’s charm and strength of character captivate Miriam. When Amina accepts a farming job in her backyard Miriam secretly rejoices at the opportunity to connect with her. Amina notices Miriam’s inherent kindness and silent dedication and the mutual attraction between them grows. They bare their hearts to each other and their emotions get entangled. They contrive another reason to meet – driving lessons. The inescapable social distance between them makes them question their feelings but in the midst of hatred and oppression their only refuge is love. In the resplendent South African landscape with retro music strewn in the background, The World Unseen explores Miriam’s relationship with Amina and how it empowers her to make personal choices that change her world.'] ['The film chronicles the experience of a gay Swedish couple, Sven  and Göran Skoogh  as they move into a new suburban neighborhood and adopt a child, beginning with their welcoming party. After meeting their new neighbors and settling into their jobs, they decide to adopt a child. Although they are married, no country is willing to let a gay couple adopt any of its children. After initially being turned down by the adoption, a Swedish orphan becomes available, which they readily agree to adopt. However, a typographical error on the papers changed the child\'s age from "15" to "1.5". When their new son Patrik  arrives, they are shocked to find him a troubled teenager with a criminal background. Hurrying to the adoption agency to rectify the error, they arrive to find there\'s nothing that can be done until the next week. Over the next few days, Sven is appalled by Patrik\'s insulting behavior, even though Göran sees the good in him. Patrik is initially afraid of both men, believing stereotypes that homosexuals are all pedophiles. Once the agency reopens, all three are told by the officials that Patrik\'s only options are living with them or returning to the foster center where he came from. After living up to his troublemaking habits, Patrik causes Sven to leave in disgust over Göran\'s unwillingness to kick Patrik out. Göran agrees to look after Patrik until the agency can find a suitable home for him. Over the next few days, Patrik reveals his talent at gardening, and Göran grows to accept him. After several weeks, the agency notifies Göran that a family has been found for Patrik, who by this time has gotten past his initial fear and contempt for his surrogate parents. Sven returns as he and Göran both realize their issues weren\'t worth ending their relationship. Patrik\'s new father arrives to pick him up, and he leaves with him. After a short time, Patrik returns, and the three then live together permanently.'] ["In the upper echelons of traditional Middle Eastern society, Palestinians Reema and Omar prepare for the marriage of their daughter Tala to Hani in Jordan. But back at work in London, Tala encounters Leyla, a young British Indian woman who is dating Tala's best friend Ali. Tala sees something unique in the artless, clumsy, sensitive Leyla who secretly works to become a writer. And Tala's forthright challenges to Leyla's beliefs begins a journey of self-awareness for Leyla. As the women fall in love, Tala's own sense of duty and cultural restraint cause her to pull away from Leyla and fly back to Jordan where the preparations for an ostentatious wedding are well under way. As family members descend and the wedding day approaches, the pressure mounts until Tala finally cracks and extricates herself. Back in London, Leyla is heartbroken but learns to break free of her own self-doubt and her mother's expectations, ditching Ali and being honest with her parents about her sexuality. When Ali and Leyla's feisty sister Yasim help throw Tala and Leyla together again, Tala finds that her own preconceptions of what love can be is the final hurdle she must jump to win Leyla back."] ['The film is set in June 1941, when Nazi troops were blocking the Soviet Black Sea fleet with new top-secret magnetic-acoustic naval mines. Seeking to neutralize these fearsome weapons, a special group of professional bomb disposal combat engineers was assembled by Soviet military commanders &mdash; a group that would carry out their task at the price of their lives.'] ['Fruit Fly is a musical comedy about Bethesda, a Filipina performance artist finding home in the unlikeliest places. She moves into an artist commune in an attempt to workshop her latest piece which deals with finding her biological parents. In the process, she finds an artistic family, clues of her mother’s whereabouts, and the startling possibility that she just might be a fag-hag. Subplots include her relationship with her roommates in the artist commune, and their relationships with each other.'] ['In the evening, several Pomor men have brought in their boats for the day and are relaxing in a fishermen\'s hut by the light of a kerosene lamp. The eldest of them tells them that "there has been so much untruth told about our region" that he wants to set the record straight and tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth. With that said, he begins his first tale.  A tale of how the villagers of the Arkhangelsk Oblast  sell "eternal icebergs" which they use in place of boats.  Because this is, after all, the North, no brown bears are allowed in the villages - only white polar bears. This is a tale about a brown bear who finds some baking powder, makes himself white, and attempts to sneak into a village.  A tale by Stepan Pisakhov. In the winter, it sometimes gets so cold that words freeze as soon as they come out of your mouth. This tale is about how a German merchant buys frozen songs from the people and shows them to a packed concert hall in Germany.  The old man decides to tell a tale about the cat and the dog that the Pomors keep for company in the hut. The tale itself was written by Boris Shergin.  A tale about a woman who meets a bear while in the woods and discovers that she has an extremely powerful voice - so powerful that it makes the bear faint and cuts through everything . She takes the bear home as a trophy and yells at her husband so much that she bores a hole through his chest. The husband finds that the hole makes music when he breathes and that he can now sing with accompaniment. In the end, the Perepilikha\'s voice is put to a good use - cutting trees for the men.  A tale about how the narrator once accidentally threw an orange overboard while crossing the river. The orange proceeds to grow into a huge tree  with one gigantic orange-shaped fruit at its top. They can\'t cut off the fruit, so they decide to bring in the Sawess. The fruit turns out to be full of hundreds of oranges which rain down on the deck of the ship. In the polar winter, they find that the orange has absorbed the sun\'s light from the summer and gives them light during the whole season.  With the evening getting later, the old man tells a more serious tale. The tale is about two fishermen who decide to spend the night on a small rocky island in the sea. At night a huge storm comes upon them and sinks their boat. Left on the island with no hope of escape or rescue, and knowing that they are going to die, they come to the conclusion the nobody is going to have anything to remember them by and so decide to carve their story on the piece of wood which they used for cutting fish. Meanwhile, their mother sings a song lamenting their deaths. The younger dies 6 weeks later - the date of death of the older is not recorded on the beautifully carved board. With his last tale finished, the old man asks his audience if they are asleep. "We\'re alive", one of them answers.'] ['Timothy  is an openly gay student at a private boy\'s school. Although now in his senior year, he is still persecuted by the aggressive rugby team, on whose captain, Jonathon , he has a crush. Timothy lives with his mother, Donna , who is struggling with her son\'s sexuality and with getting a job, and his father who is not a part of his life. Timothy is cast as Puck in the senior production of A Midsummer Night\'s Dream. While reviewing his lines, he discovers the recipe for creating the flower love-in-idleness. Timothy uses the flower to have the homophobic town take a "walk in his shoes". The entire town is thrown into chaos as previously heterosexual community members fall in love with their same-sex friends, bosses, and co-workers: whomever they first saw after being sprayed by the flower. The school drama teacher, Ms. Tebbit , guides Timothy towards the question of whether his actions have caused more harm than good.'] 