['Betsy Jobs  and Arlene Lorenzo ([[Michelle Williams  are two sweet-natured but somewhat ditzy teenage girls living in Washington D.C. in the early 1970s. Betsy comes from a wealthy family in the Georgetown area, while Arlene lives with her widowed mother in an apartment in the Watergate building. One night, on a quest to mail a letter to enter a contest to win a date with teen idol singer Bobby Sherman, the two girls sneak out of Arlene\'s home, at the same time as the Watergate break-in. They manage to enter and leave through the parking garage by taping the latch of a door, accidentally causing the break-in to be discovered. They are seen by G. Gordon Liddy , who they believe to be committing a jewel robbery; they panic and run away. The security guard, startled by the taped door, calls the police, who immediately arrest the burglars. The next day, while at the White House on a school tour, they accidentally happen across Liddy again. They don\'t recognize him, but he recognizes them and instantly becomes suspicious. He points them out to H. R. Haldeman, who proceeds to interrogate them; their conversation  is interrupted firstly by a phone call from Haldeman\'s wife, and secondly by President Nixon himself , who takes Haldeman aside to complain about the bugging operation being so fouled up. The girls are naturally awestruck at being in the same room as Nixon &mdash; but more awestruck at being able to play with his dog, which gives Nixon an idea. In order to keep their silence, he appoints them his official dog-walkers... which means they must be admitted repeatedly to the White House. On these visits they accidentally influence major events such as the Vietnam peace process and the Nixon-Brezhnev accord, by bringing along cookies that they have inadvertently baked marijuana into. (Near the end of the film, when Betsy\'s brother, Larry  They also become familiar with the key figures of Nixon\'s administration, including the long-suffering, frequently ignored Henry Kissinger, and inadvertently learn the major secrets of the Watergate scandal without realizing what they know. Arlene, previously infatuated with Bobby Sherman, now falls equally hard for the president. Just after reading an 18½-minute message of love into his tape recorder, she plays back another part of the tape and, after hearing his coarse, brutal rantings, quickly realizes his true nature. When they confront Nixon , he fires and threatens them . The girls now reevaluate what they have learned and decide to reveal everything to the "radical muckraking bastards"  at the Washington Post, Bob Woodward  and Carl Bernstein . So they become informants; two 15-year-old girls are the true identity of the famous Deep Throat (Betsy\'s brother had just been caught watching the [[Deep Throat . Woodward and Bernstein &mdash; portrayed as petty, childish, and incompetent &mdash; are naturally skeptical of the two girls. To make matters worse, their only piece of physical evidence, a list of names of those involved from the Committee to Re-Elect the President, is eaten by Betsy\'s dog. Nixon\'s men realize that the girls are a real threat and attempt tactics such as bugging and undercover agents to find out what they know, eventually going so far as to break into Betsy\'s house and plant an undercover agent as Arlene\'s mother\'s boyfriend. Eventually pushed to the limit after being chased by the Watergate "plumbers", the girls decide to take action: sneaking into Haldeman\'s house, they manage to find and steal a crucial tape recording. They give a transcription of it to Woodward and Bernstein  thus ending Nixon\'s political career. After the resignation, as Nixon\'s helicopter flies over Betsy\'s house, the two girl hold up a sign depicting the phrase "You suck, Dick", further angering the now ex-president.'] ["Thelma Dickinson  is a passive housewife, married to a controlling man, Darryl . Louise Sawyer  is a single waitress who appears strong, organized, and stern, with some unspecified trauma in her past. The two head out in Louise's 1966 Ford Thunderbird convertible for a two-day vacation in the mountains that quickly turns into a nightmare before they reach their destination. They stop for a drink at a cowboy bar, where Thelma meets and dances with Harlan Puckett . She gets drunk and Harlan attempts to rape her in the parking lot. Louise finds them and threatens to shoot Harlan with a gun Thelma brought with her. Harlan stops, but as the women walk away, he yells profanity and insults them. Louise loses her temper and fires, killing him. Thelma wants to go to the police, but Louise says that because Thelma was drunk and had been dancing with Harlan, no one will believe he tried to rape her. Afraid that she will be prosecuted, Louise decides to run away, and Thelma accompanies her. Louise is determined to travel from Oklahoma to Mexico, but refuses to go through Texas. It is revealed that something happened to her in Texas years earlier, but she refuses to say exactly what. Heading west, they come across J.D. , and Thelma convinces Louise to let him hitch a ride with them. Louise contacts her boyfriend Jimmy Lennox  and asks him to send her life savings via Western Union. When she goes to pick up the money, she finds that Jimmy has come to see her. Thelma invites J.D. into her room and learns he is a thief who has broken parole. They become intimate, and J.D. describes how he conducted his hold-ups. Jimmy asks Louise to marry him, and she refuses. In the morning, Thelma tells Louise about her night with J.D. Louise asks where J.D. is, and they find that he is gone with the money. Louise is distraught and frozen with indecision, so a guilty Thelma takes charge. Meanwhile, the FBI, after questioning J.D., Jimmy, and Darryl, are getting closer to catching the fugitives. Detective Hal Slocumb  discovers the event that Louise experienced in Texas, and during a couple of brief phone conversations, expresses sympathy for her predicament and pledges to protect her. But he is unsuccessful in his attempts to persuade her to surrender. While Louise waits in the car, Thelma, attempting to make up for the money J.D. stole, robs a convenience store. When a policeman  stops them, Thelma threatens him with her gun, steals his gun, and locks him in the trunk of his cruiser. They encounter a truck driver  who repeatedly makes obscene gestures at them. They pull over to demand an apology, but when he refuses, they fire at the truck's fuel tank, causing it to explode. Thelma and Louise are finally cornered by police only 100 yards from the edge of the Grand Canyon. Detective Slocumb arrives on the scene, but he is refused the chance to make one last attempt to talk the women into surrendering themselves. Rather than be captured and spend the rest of their lives in jail, Thelma proposes that they keep going. Louise asks Thelma if she is certain, Thelma says yes, and steps on the gas. As soon as the car starts forward, Slocumb sprints after it in an attempt to save them, but the car drives over the cliff."] ['Waiting to Exhale is a story about four African-American women &mdash; Savannah, Robin, Bernie, and Gloria &mdash; who go through different stages of love and life. Savannah "Vannah" Jackson is a successful television producer who holds on to the belief that one day her married lover will leave his wife for her. Bernadine "Bernie" Harris, abandons her own career dreams and desire of having a catering business to raise a family, and support her husband, who leaves her for a white woman. Robin Stokes is a high-powered executive and the long-time mistress of married Russell, who has problems finding a decent man of her own after dumping him. Gloria "Glo" Matthews is a beauty salon owner and single mother. After years alone, and finding out that her ex-husband who is also the father of her son, has come out of the closet as gay, she falls in love with a new neighbor, Marvin King. The four friends get together to provide support, listen to each other vent about life and love, and have fun, as they go through life\'s trials and tribulations. Savannah ends up dumping her married lover for good. Bernadine gets a big divorce settlement from her ex-husband. Robin ends up pregnant by her married lover, but dumps him and decides to raise the baby on her own. Gloria lets her son go on the "Up With People" trip to Spain and apologizes to her neighbor for snapping at him when he suggested that she should let her son grow up and experience the world. The film ends with the four women celebrating around a fire at the beach.'] ['Evelyn Couch , a timid, unhappy housewife in her forties, meets elderly Ninny Threadgoode  in a Birmingham, Alabama, nursing home. Ninny, over several encounters with Evelyn, tells her the story of the now-abandoned town of Whistle Stop, Alabama, and the people who lived there. The film\'s subplot concerns Evelyn\'s dissatisfaction with her marriage and her life, her growing confidence, and her developing friendship with Ninny. The narrative switches several times between Ninny\'s story, which is set between World War I and World War II, and Evelyn\'s life in 1980s Birmingham. Ninny\'s story begins with tomboy Imogene "Idgie" Threadgoode , the youngest of the Threadgoode children, whom Ninny describes as her sister-in-law. Idgie\'s close relationship with her charming older brother Buddy  is cut short when he is hit by a train and killed. Devastated, Idgie recedes from formal society for much of her childhood and adolescence until Buddy\'s former girlfriend, the straitlaced Ruth Jamison , intervenes at the request of the concerned Threadgoode family. Idgie initially resists Ruth\'s attempts at friendship, but then gradually allows a deep attachment to develop. Ruth leaves Whistle Stop to marry Frank Bennett  and moves to Valdosta, Georgia. Idgie is upset at losing her friend and struggles to forget her. After some time she visits Ruth, now pregnant and suffering from physical abuse from Frank. Against Frank\'s wishes, Ruth returns to Whistle Stop with Idgie, where her child, named Buddy Jr., is born. Papa Threadgoode gives Idgie money to start a business so she can care for Ruth and Buddy Jr. Ruth and Idgie open the Whistle Stop Cafe, employing cook Sipsey  and her son Big George , who makes a barbecue that quickly becomes popular with their patrons. Frank Bennett eventually returns to Whistle Stop in an attempt to kidnap Buddy Jr., but is thwarted by an unseen assailant. Frank goes missing and his truck is later found at the bottom of a nearby lake. Idgie is immediately a suspect, as she had publicly threatened violence against him for beating Ruth. She is arrested along with Big George for Frank\'s murder. The local sheriff offers to release her and pin the crime solely on Big George, but Idgie refuses to sacrifice her friend. During the subsequent trial, the local minister lies, providing Idgie and Big George with an alibi for the time of Frank\'s disappearance. Taking into account Frank\'s reputation for getting drunk, the judge rules his death an accident. Idgie and Big George are cleared of all charges. After the trial, Ruth develops cancer and dies. Following her death, the café closes. Over time, many Whistle Stop residents eventually move away, bringing Ninny to the end of her story, but not before the revelation of what really happened to Frank: Sipsey had killed Frank  while trying to stop him from kidnapping Buddy Jr. Big George then barbecued Frank\'s body and served it to the Georgia sheriff searching for Frank. Evelyn discovers that during Ninny\'s temporary stay at the nursing home, Ninny\'s house was condemned and torn down. Evelyn, having become good friends with Ninny, offers her a room in her home which Ninny accepts. As the two friends walk away from Ninny\'s former home, they pass Ruth\'s grave, freshly adorned with a jar of honey and honeycomb and a card which reads "I will always Love You. The Bee Charmer", Ruth\'s old nickname for Idgie.'] 