["Kadosh is a bleak drama about the plight of women in Haredi society. In the opening scene, Meir , a young Talmudic scholar, thanks God in his morning prayers for not being born a woman. At first, the marriage of Meir and his adoring wife, Rivka , appears tender and idyllic, but as the day progresses it becomes clear that Meir is obsessed with the fact that he is childless after ten years of marriage. Rivka's younger sister, Malka, marries Yosef in a match arranged by their parents, but loves Yaakov, a rock singer, who has abandoned the religious community.{{cite web}}"] ['Edna Buxton  is a steel heiress from Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, who wants to be a singer and enters a local talent contest. She plans to sing "You\'ll Never Walk Alone," until, backstage, she meets a blues singer named Doris Shelley  who is belting out "The Blues Ain\'t Nothin\' ." Doris advises Edna to follow her heart, so Edna sings "Hey There" instead and wins the contest. She uses some of her own money to record a demo of her first original song, "In Another World". Record producer Joel Milner  likes the demo but says he cannot market a girl singer-songwriter. He becomes her agent, renames her "Denise Waverly" and invents a blue-collar persona for her. Milner also reworks her song for a male doo-wop group, the Stylettes, and the song becomes a hit. Denise moves to New York and becomes a professional songwriter in the Brill Building. She worries that she will not be able to pen a follow-up to "In Another World," but Milner encourages her to look at the world around her. She meets fellow songwriter Howard Caszatt , and after a difficult first encounter she becomes professionally and romantically involved with him. She also meets Doris, an unsuccessful young singer, and persuades Milner to let Doris and her group audition. Milner likes the group and the song Denise has written, and he renames them the Luminaries. The group is a success, and disc jockey John Murray  credits Denise with "sparking the craze for girl groups." Denise and Howard write a song about the condition of working class black girls in New York City. Denise then suggests that she and Howard should write a wedding-themed song for the Luminaries. Howard refuses, but when Denise reveals that she is pregnant with Howard\'s child they get married and have a daughter. However, Howard starts flirting with Cheryl Steed , a newly hired English songwriter. Joel asks Cheryl and her husband Matthew  to write a song for the Luminaries. The result becomes a hit. Howard, annoyed, concedes that Denise\'s instincts were right. Then Joel asks Denise and Cheryl to collaborate on writing a song for closeted lesbian ingenue singer Kelly Porter . Denise agrees, even though she dislikes Cheryl, but when she arrives home unexpectedly and finds Howard in bed with another woman, she takes her child in a cab to the studio and tells Cheryl what has happened. Cheryl comforts Denise and the two become friends. Denise throws herself into her work and becomes a highly successful songwriter. Having broken up with Howard, she has a brief but unhappy affair with the married John Murray, which ends when he moves with his family to Chicago. She learns that she is pregnant with Howard\'s second baby; Cheryl convinces her to go to an obstetrician, who safely performs an illegal abortion. With the British Invasion, the Brill Building songwriting machine has become obsolete. Milner tells Denise she should not be so sad, because she forced him to take chances he would have never had the courage to tackle alone. He finally allows her to become a singer, and introduces her to Jay Phillips , the singer, songwriter and producer of a popular surf-rock group. Denise initially hates Jay\'s music, but agrees to let him produce her. She writes and sings "God Give Me Strength," and she is delighted when he gives the song a skilful orchestral arrangement. However, the record bombs, and Denise blames herself for making the song too personal. Denise and Jay become a couple and resettle in California at the height of the hippie movement. Cheryl is songwriting in Los Angeles. She and Denise collaborate on songs for a Bubblegum pop TV show called Where the Action Is. Jay is affectionate but also childlike, reclusive and a heavy drug user, and becomes increasingly paranoid. He disapproves of Denise writing songs for the TV show, insisting that it\'s beneath her. His bandmates distance themselves from him, leaving him to work alone in his studio. In a fit of paranoia, he accuses Denise of stealing tapes from him, but when it turns out that he threw the tapes over the studio balcony in a fit of irritation and then forgot that he had done so, Denise is distressed. He also takes his and her children to the museum and forgets to bring them home. While Denise is at a club with Doris, Jay, directionless and in despair at his inability to be more responsible, wanders into the ocean and drowns. Numbed by Jay\'s death, Denise retires with her family to a hippie commune in the mountains above Palm SpringsEbert, Roger . "Grace of My Heart". Chicago Sun-Times and adopts yet another father-figure in the commune\'s guru. Joel Milner visits Denise in the commune and takes her and her children out to dinner. That night, he confronts her with her constant reliance on men for guidance and her failure to take responsibility for her own talent. Denise\'s suppressed anger spills out, and she screams at Milner that he is a "fucking leech" who exploited her. He agrees with her, and the more he agrees with her the angrier she becomes, until he deliberately provokes her by throwing his drink into her face. She strikes him and then collapses in tears, grieving for Jay. Milner consoles her and the two are reconciled. In the closing sequence, Denise is seen confidently recording and producing her first solo album Grace of My Heart with her extended family and friends in attendance.'] ["Housewife Christine M. tries to shoplift some merchandise but is caught by the male shopkeeper. Christine and two other customers, waitress Annie and secretary Anna, beat the man to death. They are tried with murder and deny the plea of insanity that the male prosecutor and judges assume they should plead. The criminal psychiatrist assigned to ascertain their level of sanity identifies with the women's motives and concludes that they are not insane but have been driven to murder by the strain of living in a patriarchy. {{Cite news}}"] ['Roswitha Bronski  is a nurse married to the chemical engineer Franz Bronski , with whom she had three children. Since her husband does not work, devoting himself exclusively to studies with the intention of becoming a new genius of chemistry, Roswitha has to support her family by running an illegal abortion clinic. Facing the indifference of her husband, who believes that she is intellectually inferior, the open hostility of doctors like Dr. Genée  and a harsh double journey, Roswitha receives a hard blow when her clinic is closed by police. From then on, she puts aside her passivity and begins a journey to redefine herself as mother, wife and working woman, part of a society threatened by an early globalization.'] ["{{Plot}} Set after the events of the original film, Brigitte Fitzgerald  uses an extract of monkshood to fight the effects of the lycanthropy that transformed her sister into a werewolf. The opening credits play over Brigitte shaving all over her body, cutting her arm with a scalpel, then injecting herself with a dose of monkshood, then cutting to Brigitte in a library, where the librarian Jeremy  clumsily hits on her. When she goes to check out her books, her library card has too many fines owing, and she walks out, leaving the books behind. Back in her motel room, she inspects her latest cut and records the time and state of healing on a page filled with similar entries. Ginger , her late sister, appears to her as an apparition, saying that she is healing faster and the monkshood is not a cure, it only slows the transformation. Brigitte shoots a deadly second dose of monkshood, and immediately after, Brigitte senses the presence of the male werewolf that has been stalking her, whose identity is unknown. She hastily packs and opens the door to find Jeremy with her library books. However, the additional dose has pushed her into toxic shock. Jeremy gets her in his car and is about to drive her to hospital, when the driver side window is smashed, and the werewolf drags him from the car. Brigitte stumbles down the street and collapses in the snow. She wakes up in a combination rehab clinic for drug abusing girls and chronic care patient facility, located in the only operational section of a large, old hospital. She attempts, but fails to escape. When delivered to the clinic's director Alice , she pleads to be released, but is refused. She does, however, manage to palm a piece of glass so she can continue to measure her healing rate. Tyler ([[Eric Johnson , a worker at the clinic, visits Brigitte at night and offers her some monkshood in exchange for sexual favors. She refuses and he tells her he will not give her the monkshood until she accepts his terms. As Brigitte's healing begins to accelerate, so does her rate of transformation. Ginger continues to appear, taunting Brigitte as she experiences growing cravings for sex, and to kill, as did Ginger previously. During a group therapy session Brigitte daydreams about being instructed to lie on the floor and masturbate, however it is unclear if the masturbation was a fantasy, since the part about imagining death and blood is clearly in Brigitte's mind. Suddenly jolted back to reality by a vision of Ginger, she draws her hand to her face to reveal her palm covered in hair. Later, and very depressed, she takes her shard of glass and holds it to her throat while looking into the bathroom mirror. However, she does not kill herself. During this time, Brigitte is shadowed by a girl called Ghost , the granddaughter of Barbara, a severe burn victim who is a patient there. Ghost eavesdrops on Alice in the staff lounge that Brigitte injects Monkshood. Curious about it, Ghost goes through her clandestinely hidden comic book collection and realizes Brigitte's secret. Ghost slips Brigitte a comic book containing the werewolf story. She begins to question her about lycanthropy, and notices Brigitte's ears have begun to grow pointy, Brigitte takes the glass, telling Ginger that she will not die, and cuts off the pointed part of her ear, flushing it down the toilet. Shortly after, Ghost tries to slip monkshood to Brigitte, but is foiled by Tyler. The following night, in despair at her rate of transformation, Brigitte allows Tyler to inject her. By now, it is apparent the werewolf has found her again. After Ghost's dog is found dead and mutilated, Brigitte asks her where the corpse was found, and is told that it was found in the disused crematorium section of the hospital. Upon learning this, Brigitte says she must get out. Ghost offers to show her an escape route, but insists she be taken with Brigitte. Brigitte escapes to the disused crematorium, in the basement, by crawling through air vents following Ghost's trail marks. There, Brigitte meets Beth-Ann  who is high on drugs that she just received in exchange for sex with Tyler. Beth-Ann is killed and dragged away by the werewolf. Shortly after, Ghost arrives and says the escape route is where Beth-Ann was dragged away to. Brigitte and Ghost proceed, but are separated as the werewolf attacks. Clashing with the beast, Brigitte's leg is broken by the werewolf, but her transformation is so advanced, she heals immediately, and makes her escape after burning the beast in the crematorium. Ghost drives them to a gas station in the clinic car, where Brigitte tends to her wounds. They then drive to Barbara's house and sleep. Ghost explains how Barbara got burned, she tells Brigitte that Barbara fell asleep with her bedtime cigarette. The next day, after Brigitte starts eating a deer caught in an explosion from a trap set up by Ghost, they arrange for Tyler to bring monkshood to the gas station, but when Brigitte wanders inside she discovers the attendant has been slain. While she was away, Tyler had arrived and taken Ghost's car. Brigitte dashes back and drives off. Back at the house, Brigitte's body once more begins to reject the monkshood and Tyler worriedly calls Alice. Ghost tricks Brigitte into thinking Tyler abused her. Brigitte locks Tyler outside, and he is killed by the werewolf. Alice arrives, and is attacked by Ghost, wielding Barbara's hunting rifle. Brigitte figures out that Barbara didn't smoke, she aggressively keeps Ghost against a wall and argues with her, realizing it is likely Tyler didn't abuse Ghost and that Barbara was burnt by Ghost, but is stopped by Alice holding the rifle point-blank to the base of her skull. Alice begins to take Ghost, but is advised not to go outside. The werewolf then howls and breaks a nearby window, and Alice takes Ghost to the attic with her to seek refuge from Brigitte and the werewolf. Brigitte's transformation is almost complete, when the werewolf enters the house. She lures him into a room, and, when Ghost distracts the werewolf by dropping a heavy curling stone, Brigitte stabs him. The werewolf bites her on the arm. They struggle and after she repeatedly bashed its head with a curling stone, they fall into the basement, and the werewolf is killed on a set of mattress springs holding a wide variety of sharp objects. Ghost hits Alice with a hammer and sits at the top of the steps to peer into the basement, gun in hand. A weakend Brigitte crawls up the stairs, her face half transformed, begging Ghost to kill her. Instead, Ghost locks her in the basement. Ghost is shown illustrating a comic page of herself as a powerful warrior with a werewolf pet. Ghost narrates that Brigitte is getting stronger in the basement and is waiting to be unleashed on Ghost's enemies. As the film ends, Ghost is getting ready to welcome home Barbara."] ["The plot follows Heidi Holland from high school in the 1960s to her career as a successful art historian over 20 years later. The play's main themes deal with the changing role of women during this time period, describing both Heidi's ardent feminism during the 1970s and her eventual sense of betrayal during the 1980s."] ['The film begins as Alice Paul  and Lucy Burns  return from England, where they participated in the women\'s suffrage movement. Once the pair becomes more active within the National American Woman Suffrage Association , they begin to understand that their ideas were much too forceful for the established activists, particularly Carrie Chapman Catt . The pair leave NAWSA and found the National Women\'s Party , a better way to fight for women\'s rights. Over time, problems occur as NAWSA leaders criticize NWP tactics, such as protesting against a wartime President Woodrow Wilson and picketing outside the White House with "Silent Sentinels." Male supremacists famously  label the women "iron-jawed angels." Relations between the American government and the NWP protesters also intensify, as many women are arrested for their actions, though the official charge is "obstructing traffic." The women are sent to the Occoquan Workhouse for 60-day terms where they suffer under unsanitary and inhumane conditions. During this time, Paul and other women undertake a hunger strike, during which paid guards force-feed them milk and raw eggs. News of their treatment leaks to the media through the husband of one of the imprisoned women, a U.S. Senator, who has been able to lobby for a visit  by putting a letter in his shirt. Pressure is put on President Wilson as the NAWSA seizes the opportunity to try for the nineteenth amendment to the Constitution. Paul, Burns and all of the other women were all pardoned by President Wilson.'] ['At Middlebury College in 1969, four friends, Elise Elliot , Brenda Morelli , Annie MacDuggan , and Cynthia Swann , are graduating. As graduation gifts, valedictorian Cynthia presents the girls with matching Bulgari pearl necklaces. As the graduates take a commemorative picture of the four of them , Cynthia makes Annie, Brenda and Elise promise that they will always be there for each other throughout the remainder of their lives. In the present time, the four friends eventually lose touch with one another, as evident when Cynthia is tearfully gazing at the picture of the four of them on that graduation day. Now wealthy and living in a luxurious penthouse, she gives her maid a Bulgari pearl necklace , and she has her mail letters to them. She later walks outside of the balcony of her penthouse in a floor length fur coat, a cigarette and a drink, and then commits suicide by jumping off the balcony after learning through the tabloids that her ex-husband Gil , married his much younger mistress the day before. Her former friends aren\'t doing much better: Brenda is divorced, left for a younger woman, depressed, and struggling financially. Elise, whose husband also left her for a younger woman, is now an aging alcoholic movie actress who has become a plastic-surgery addict to keep her career afloat. Annie, meanwhile, is separated, suffering extreme self-esteem issues, and going through therapy with her husband. Shortly after Cynthia\'s funeral, at which the three remaining friends are reunited for the first time since college, Annie\'s husband, Aaron , leaves her for her younger therapist  and asks her for a divorce after assuming that spending a night together would reconcile them; Brenda has a rather unpleasant encounter at a clothing store with her ex, Morty  and his younger and rather hateful mistress Shelly , and Elise finds out that her soon-to be ex-husband, Bill , is requesting alimony and half of their marital assets. Also, during a meeting with a director for a possible leading lady movie role, she discovers that she is only wanted for the mother of the leading lady. Shortly thereafter, the three friends receive the letter that Cynthia mailed to them before her suicide. After all three read their letter from Cynthia and feeling that they have been taken for granted by their husbands, the women decide to create the First Wives Club, aiming to get revenge on their exes. Annie\'s lesbian daughter Chris  also gets in on the plan by asking for a job at her father\'s advertising agency so she can supply her mother with inside information. Brenda finds out through her uncle Carmine  who has Mafia connections that Morty is guilty of income tax fraud, while Annie makes a plan to revive her advertising career and buy out Aaron\'s partners. However, as their plan moves through, things start to fall apart when they find out that Bill has no checkered past and nothing for them to use against him. Brenda and Elise hurl vicious insults at each other, and the women drift apart. When Annie starts thinking about closing down the First Wives Club, her friends come back, saying that they want to see this to the end and while Bill hasn\'t done anything wrong they can make him think he has. They trick him into thinking that his mistress  is a minor. Deciding that revenge would make them no better than their husbands, they instead use these situations to push their men into funding the establishment of a nonprofit organization dedicated to aiding abused women, in memory of their college friend Cynthia. The film ends with a celebration at the new Cynthia Swann Griffin Crisis Center for Women. Annie narrates that Elise started a relationship with a cast member in her new, successful play, that Brenda and Morty reconciled their differences and got back together, and that when Aaron tried to get back together with her, Annie told him to "drop dead". While outside the center Bill meets Shelly and the two start to flirt. The film concludes with the three women joyfully singing "You Don\'t Own Me".'] ['The plot concerns two feminist groups in New York City, each voicing their concerns to the public by pirate radio. One group, led by an outspoken white lesbian, Isabel , operates "Radio Ragazza". The other group, led by a soft-spoken African-American, Honey , operates "Phoenix Radio". The local community is stimulated into action after a world-traveling political activist, Adelaide Norris , is arrested upon arriving at a New York City airport, and suspiciously dies while in police custody. Also, there is a Women\'s Army led by Hilary Hurst  and advised by Zella  that initially both Honey and Isabel refuse to join. This group, along with Norris and the radio stations, are under investigation by a callous FBI agent . Their progress is tracked by three interns (Becky Johnston, [[Pat Murphy  for a socialist newspaper run by screenwriter Ed Bowes, who go so far they get fired. The story involves several different women coming from different perspectives and attempts to show several examples of how sexism plays out, and how it can be dealt with through direct action. A famous scene is one during which two men are attacking a woman on the street and dozens of women on bicycles with whistles come to chase the men away and comfort the woman. The women in the movie have different ideas about what can and should be done, but all know that it is up to them, because the government will not take care of it. The movie shows women organizing in meetings, doing radio shows, creating art, wheatpasting, putting a condom on a penis, wrapping raw chicken at a processing plant, etc. The film portrays a world rife with violence against women, high female unemployment, and government oppression. The women in the film start to get together to make a bigger impact, by means that some would call terrorism. Ultimately, after both radio stations are suspiciously burned down, Honey and Isabel team up and broadcast "Phoenix Ragazza Radio" from stolen moving vans. They also join the Women\'s Army, which sends a group of terrorists to interrupt a broadcast of the President of the United States proposing that women be paid to do housework, followed by bombing the antenna on top of the World Trade Center to prevent additional such destructive messages from the mainstream.'] ['Louise Desfontaines , a member of the French Resistance, flees to Spain after her husband is killed, where she is captured and later expatriated to London. She is recruited by the Special Operations Executive , a secret spy and sabotage service initiated by Winston Churchill. Louise is given an urgent first mission: to exfiltrate a British agent who has fallen into German hands while preparing the Invasion of Normandy. The agent has not yet revealed anything but time is pressing. Louise must first create a commando group of women especially chosen for the needs of the operation. When it comes to recruitment, anything goes: lies, blackmail, remission. She first employs Suzy Desprez , a cabaret dancer who excels in the art of seducing men. Then she brings in Gaëlle Lemenech , a chemist and explosives expert. Finally she selects Jeanne Faussier , a prostitute capable of killing in cold blood. After their arrival in Normandy, they are joined by Maria Luzzato , an Italian Jew and radio operator. The mission gets underway well, but quickly becomes complicated. Obliged to return to Paris, the SOE gives them a new, almost suicidal objective: to eliminate Colonel Heindrich, one of the key figures of Nazi counter-espionage. He knows too much about the planned landings.'] ['Tina Balser, an educated, frustrated housewife and mother, is in a loveless marriage with Jonathan, an insufferable, controlling, emotionally abusive, social-climbing lawyer in New York City. He treats her like a servant, undermines her with insults, and belittles her appearance, abilities and the raising of their two girls, who treat their mother with the same rudeness as their father. Searching for relief, she begins a sexually fulfilling affair with a cruel and coarse writer, George Prager, who treats her with similar brusqueness and contempt, which only drives her deeper into despair. She then tries group therapy, but this also proves fruitless when she finds her male psychiatrist, Dr. Linstrom, as well as the other participants, equally shallow and abusive.'] ["Julie Johnson is a bored New Jersey housewife who is unhappy with her life and decides to take a computer class at a local college. When her husband finds out and is unsupportive and verbally abusive, she decides that enough is enough and the couple separate. Inspired, her friend Claire leaves her husband, and, having nowhere to go, moves in with Julie and her son and daughter. Living together, Julie and Claire develop a relationship that is more than just a friendship. Problems arise when Julie, immersed in studies, makes new, scholarly, cultured friends and Claire doesn't mesh well with them."] ['The film begins in the Elizabethan Age shortly before the death of Queen Elizabeth I. On her deathbed, Elizabeth promises an androgynous young nobleman named Orlando a large tract of land and a castle built on it along with a generous monetary gift which she will only bequeath to him if he consents to her command, "Do not fade. Do not wither. Do not grow old." Both he and his heirs will keep the land and inheritance forever. Orlando acquiesces and resides in splendid isolation in the castle for a couple of centuries or so during which time he dabbles in poetry and art. His attempts to befriend a celebrated poet, however, backfire when the poet writes a devastating takedown of his poetry. Orlando then travels to Constantinople as British ambassador to the Turks, but he is almost killed in a diplomatic fracas there. Waking up the next morning, however, he learns something even more startling: he has physically transformed into a woman overnight. The now \'Lady\' Orlando comes home to her estate in Middle Eastern garb, only to learn that she faces several impending lawsuits arguing that Orlando was a woman to begin with and therefore has no right to the land or any of her/his royal inheritance. The succeeding two centuries tire her out; the court case, bad luck in love and the wars of British history eventually bring her up to the 1990s with a young daughter in tow and a book in search of a publisher. The editor who judges the work as "quite good" is, ironically, portrayed by Heathcoate Williams - the same actor who denigrated her poetry as a different character 200 years earlier. Having lived a most bizarre existence, Orlando finally finds a tranquil niche within it.  {{cquote}} Also the film ends in its "present day" in order to remain true to Virginia Woolf\'s use of real-time at the end of the novel.'] ['Ellen appears to have a happy marriage to David, although his frequent work-related absences are beginning to take a toll on her. While taking night school classes with her neighbor and best friend, Marge Bracken, she is introduced to Larry Retzliff. Ellen and Marge accept a ride home from Retzliff the same night while David is away. Once Ellen is in her apartment, Retzliff arrives claiming car trouble and asks to use the phone. When Ellen lets him in, he overpowers and rapes her. Unable to reach David by phone, and emotionally unable to report the crime, Ellen decides to put the attack behind her, and tries through three showers to literally wash away the rape. When David returns, she is still unable to get his attention long enough to tell him about the attack. Having had an anonymous blood test, Ellen makes a serious effort to forget the attack and resume her life. This attempt comes to a crashing halt four days after the initial attack in a parking garage when Retzliff, who has been waiting for Ellen behind the front seat of her car, rapes her again, this time beating her viciously. After reporting the attack, the treatment that Ellen receives from the police, doctors, and detectives is anything but sympathetic. While her attorney, Leonard Alexander, appears to have her best interests at heart, he clearly has his reservations: he is once heard commenting "Never try a rape case unless your victim is a 90-year-old nun with at least four stab wounds." Defending Retzliff is ruthless attorney Muriel Dyer, who bullies witnesses and Ellen herself on the stand, ultimately winning Retzliff an acquittal. Some time after the trial, he attempts to rape someone else. While trying to escape from the police, he is shot and wounded, and ends up pleading guilty to the rape and sentenced to prison. Ellen and David\'s marriage is strained by the events of the film, and they ultimately get a divorce.'] ['The film tells the story of Isabel Archer , an innocent young woman of independent means who is manipulated by her "friend" Madame Merle  and the devious Gilbert Osmond . The film is not faithful to the novel but caused controversy with an interpolated dream sequence in which Isabel has an erotic fantasy involving all of her suitors.'] ["An Angel at My Table is a dramatisation of the autobiographies of New Zealand author Janet Frame. Originally produced as a television miniseries, the film, as with Frame's autobiographies, is divided into three sections, with the lead role played by three different actresses who portray Frame at different stages of her life: Karen Fergusson , Alexia Keogh  and Kerry Fox ."] ['The film stars Pascale Bussières as Camille Baker, a university literature professor at a religious college struggling with both her tenure-track career and her troubled relationship with fellow professor Martin . When a carnival subsequently comes to town, Camille is confused by her unexpected lesbian attraction to Petra , a sexy, free-spirited circus performer. The cast also includes Don McKellar, Clare Coulter, Tracy Wright and Tom Melissis.'] ['Note: This plot summary is a linear account of the Goldrings\' story. The movie itself does not reveal all plot details in order. Allison Goldring, an upper-class, white college student, becomes pregnant with her boyfriend Jeremy Tanner . After discussing her options with both Tanner and her family, she makes the decision to travel abroad to terminate the pregnancy , as abortion is considered murder in the United States. According to Allison and Beverley, everyone including Tanner supported her decision. Tanner later denies this, though the film makes his denial seem improbable. Allison\'s father and grandmother are interviewed and openly support both Allison and Beverly. Her father even says that he had intended to travel to Sweden with their two younger daughters as a vacation to disguise the purpose of the trip. Unfortunately the state of New York has recently passed a law that classifies going abroad to seek a termination as "fetal kidnapping." Beverly admits to being aware of the change but assumed it would be some time before it would be enforced. It is not clear how aware Allison and Jeremy were of the legal change. The law, it transpires, is a reaction to a lawsuit aimed at overturning fetal murder statues because they are enforced almost exclusively against poor minority women. Examples of such women are interviewed at Walker Point . One had used some abortifacient called a "baby bomb." She was arrested as she bled out after improperly administering the drug. The other was arrested on suspicion of having a termination, which she hadn\'t, but did have an IUD, which is also illegal. Her descriptions of how she obtained the "uudee" suggest that she was also in a potentially dangerous medical situation. African American district attorney Andrea Murdoch  discovers what the Goldrings have done and prosecutes them under the new law, in large part because they are exactly the type of women targeted by the law. The criminal procedures show that doctor-patient confidentiality is no longer guaranteed. Murdoch\'s motivations are questioned by Jonathan Garson , the Goldrings\' attorney, who suggests she is seeking some higher office, although he doesn\'t question her ethics. Murdoch\'s own statements suggest that she is angered by the racial and class disparities in enforcement, but that she does not question the propriety of fetal murder law. During the trial, Allison decides to take the stand and confesses to what she did. She does not express remorse at the time nor does she express any regret later. She says that she felt relieved to get everything out. Beverly and Garson are frustrated by her decision, since it condemn both Allison and Beverly to prison. At the end of the film, the Swedish clinic checks their pathology reports on Allison and determines that the fetus had been dead for almost three weeks prior to the procedure. The Goldrings are released, but Murdoch declares her intention to prosecute them on attempted fetal kidnapping, on the grounds that they had intended to commit the crime even if they had not be able to commit it.'] ["Our Song follows three high school girls over one summer in Crown Heights, Brooklyn. The girls, Lanisha , Maria , and Joycelyn  are best friends and confidants. They have different family situations, different romantic interests, different moral codes and their own unique dreams. They are all dedicated members of the Jackie Robinson Steppers, a community marching band, that holds daily rehearsals in a local parking lot. The girls want to master the instruments they play in order to impress their conductor. Joycelyn works at a makeup boutique, while both Marie and Lanisha work at a bakery. Sometimes they talk about what they'll do after high school, but most of their conversations are about the difficult immediate issues that face them daily: *Their school is not going to reopen in the fall because there is asbestos contamination, so they each challenged with finding a new school with a good reputation, enrolling, and planning the daily commute. *Pregnancy and teen motherhood are serious considerations for the girls, as many of their friends have babies."] ['Weighed down by her late contractor husband\'s debts in Bingham, Maryland, widowed mother Beth Macauley is compelled to sell her house and move to a less costly locale. She relocates in Baltimore with her sons Chris and Matt and takes a job at a ramshackle gourmet food store managed by Lisa Coleman. 17-year-old Chris turns angry and aggressive while 9-year-old Matt hides his deep sense of loss under a steely exterior. Beth is drawn into a relationship with Charles Simon, a musician who builds her self-esteem. However, after losing her job, she plunges into a five-day depression during which she refuses to leave her bedroom. Beth is an extremely vulnerable, easily discouraged person who cannot seem to get a grip on her circumstances. Chris falls in love with Jody, an older Radiologic Technologist who lives in the same building. Matt falls under the influence of a young schoolmate who breaks into houses and steals VCRs. His dream is to get enough money to buy back their suburban house. She and her sons eventually pull themselves together, despite many side trips with wrong lovers and false friends. It\'s only a matter of time until the Macauleys realize that to abandon each other is not the answer. Beth tells her sons, "Heartbreak is life educating us," and the lessons turn out to be worth learning.'] ['Anu is an orphan and a post graduate in criminal psychology. She joins a TV channel as a reporter. She is entrusted with the task of cracking the secrets behind a series of mysterious serial killings involving the collecting of body organs. The killer always leaves a rose at the crime scene as his signature. Meanwhile, a cop is also given the responsibility of solving the mystery. The plot of the story is about how Anu chases the serial killer and unravels the mystery behind his killings.http://www.chitraloka.com/anu/synopsis.html'] ["When Socorro, New Mexico, housewife Alice Hyatt's uncaring husband Donald is killed in an accident, she decides to have a garage sale, pack what's left of her meager belongings and take her precocious son Tommy to Monterey, California, where she hopes to pursue the singing career she'd abandoned when she married. Their financial situation forces them to take temporary lodgings in Phoenix, Arizona, where she finds work as a lounge singer in a seedy bar. There she meets the considerably younger and seemingly available Ben, who uses his charm to lure her into a sexual relationship that comes to a sudden end when his wife confronts Alice. Ben mercilessly beats his wife for interfering with his extramarital affair. Fearing for their safety, Alice and Tommy quickly leave town. Having spent most of the little money she earned on a new wardrobe, Alice is forced to delay their journey to the West Coast and accept a job as a waitress in Tucson so she can accumulate more cash. At the local diner owned by Mel, she eventually bonds with her fellow servers—independent, no-nonsense, outspoken Flo and quiet, timid, incompetent Vera and meets divorced local rancher David, who soon realizes the way to Alice's heart is through Tommy. Still emotionally wounded from the difficult relationship she had with her uncommunicative husband and the frightening encounter she had with Ben, Alice is hesitant to get involved with another man so quickly. However, she finds David is a good influence on Tommy, who has befriended wisecracking, shoplifting, wine-guzzling Audrey, a slightly older girl forced to fend for herself while her mother makes a living as a prostitute. Alice and David warily fall in love, but their relationship is threatened when Alice objects to his discipline of the perpetually bratty Tommy. The two reconcile, and David offers to sell his ranch and move to Monterey so Alice can try to fulfill her childhood dream of becoming another Alice Faye. But in the end Alice decides to stay in Tucson, coming to the conclusion that she can become a singer anywhere."] ['Judy Bernly  is forced to find work after her husband, Dick , squanders their savings, loses his job and runs off with his secretary. Judy finds employment as a secretary at Consolidated Companies, a very large corporation. The senior office supervisor is the feisty widow, Violet Newstead . Violet shows Judy the place, whilst warning her about the two higher-ups. The first is the sleazy, selfish Franklin Hart, Jr. ; the latter is the crisp but equally obnoxious Roz Keith , Hart\'s executive assistant and resident snitch. Violet reveals to Judy that Hart is supposedly involved with his buxom secretary, Doralee Rhodes ; in reality the married Doralee refuses his advances, but Hart nonetheless has circulated a false rumor that they are having an affair. Hart exploits and mistreats his subordinates regularly. He takes credit for Violet\'s efficiency proposals, whilst refusing to promote her on the basis that, "clients prefer to deal with men when it comes to figures". He cruely yells at and threatens Judy on her first day after an equipment malfunction. He sexually harasses Doralee, and spreads false rumors that they are having an affair, damaging her credibility with coworkers. Finally, Hart casually fires a worker named Maria over an overheard discussion on salaries. When Violet discovers that another promotion she was hoping for has instead gone to a man, she angrily calls Hart on his manipulations and sexism. She then references Hart\'s claims of his purported affair with Doralee  before storming out. Doralee, previously unaware of the rumors and now realizing why her coworkers have been cold to her, informs Hart that she keeps a gun in her purse and warns him that if he ever makes another indecent reference about her, she will change him "from a rooster to a hen with one shot". She also angrily leaves the office. Judy, upset that Maria has just been fired over a trivial infraction, wants to inform Violet and is told that Violet is at a local bar "getting drunk". She joins Violet and Doralee, and the three women drown their sorrows together before going to Doralee\'s house. There, the beginning of the their friendship forms over dinner and smoking some marijuana that belongs to Violet\'s son. During which they fantasize about getting revenge on Mr. Hart, with Judy wanting to shoot him execution style, Doralee wanting to rope him, and Violet wanting to poison him. The following day, a mix-up leads Violet to accidentally spike Hart\'s coffee with rat poison . However, before he can drink any of the tainted coffee, Hart accidentally knocks himself unconscious by falling from a faulty office chair. On hearing he has been rushed to the hospital, Violet, realizing her error, panics, thinking it\'s due to the poison. After they arrive at the hospital, the three mistake a dead police witness for their boss. Violet, in a state of panic and desperation, steals the body of the deceased man and stashes it in the trunk of her car, convinces Doralee and Judy to join her, and the three drive off, planning to somehow dispose of the body. After a car accident, they discover they\'ve stolen the wrong body, so they smuggle it back into the hospital. Hart turns up alive the next morning, much to the shock of Violet, Doralee and Judy. During a break in the ladies room, the three speculate on what could have happened and then vow to forget the night\'s troubles, but Roz, hiding in one of the stalls, overhears them and relates the conversation to Hart. He confronts Doralee with the information he has just learned, and demands that she spend the night at his house or he\'ll have all three of them prosecuted for attempted murder. Hart refuses to believe it was an accident, so the three kidnap Hart, with Judy firing at Hart with Doralee\'s gun , and Doralee tying Hart\'s hands and legs with a phone cord . Unsure of how to prevent Hart from alerting authorities, the three bring Hart to his Tudor-style mansion, keeping him prisoner in his bedroom while the three decide to try to find something on which to blackmail him so that he won\'t have them arrested. The ladies discover that he\'s been selling Consolidated property behind their backs and keeping the profits for himself. To prove the crime, they need to wait several weeks for the accounting documents to arrive. In the meantime, the women fashion a special bondage device to allow Hart to move around, but keep him confined to his home. Since Doralee is able to forge Hart\'s signature without difficulty, the three women use the occasion of their boss\' absence to effect numerous changes around the office, in his name. These include allowing flexible hours, a job-sharing program that allows people to work part-time, and a daycare center in the building . All the while, they conceal the true reason for his disappearance. As it turns out, Hart is so feared and/or hated around the office that nobody questions his absence, with the exception of Roz, whom Violet, under the pretext of the company, sends to language school. One night, Judy discovers a prowler outside Hart\'s home. It turns out to be her ex-husband Dick, whose marriage to Liza lasted only a week. He tries to get Judy to come back to him until he finds Hart bound and gagged in the upstairs bedroom. He believes, erroneously, that Judy has gotten into perverted sex games. Judy sends him away, admitting that she\'s into everything, even smoking pot, and that his departure was the best thing that ever happened to her. Hart\'s adoring wife  Missy  returns from vacation early, putting the ladies\' plan in jeopardy. While still pretending to be the women\'s prisoner, Hart scrambles to replace the property he stole from Consolidated. He then takes Doralee\'s gun and directs the three women back to the office at gunpoint. Hart is appalled by the changes which have been made in his absence, even though all his employees are delighted with them. Before he can have the three women arrested, Hart receives an unexpected visit from Russell Tinsworthy , the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Tinsworthy has arrived to congratulate Hart for increases in productivity, which is due to the changes the three women had instituted in his name. Hart is only too happy to take credit for everything the ladies have done. Tinsworthy is so impressed that he recruits Hart to work at Consolidated\'s Brazilian operation for the next few years. Hart is not pleased by this development, but has no choice in the matter. Moments after Tinsworthy and Hart depart, Roz returns from language school and is stunned to discover Violet, Judy and Doralee celebrating in Hart\'s office, and realizing that she has to report to them. A post-credits montage reveals the fate of the major characters. Violet was promoted to Vice President. Judy fell in love and married the Xerox representative. Doralee left Consolidated and became a country and western singer. Hart was abducted by a tribe of Amazons in the Brazilian jungle and was never heard from again.'] ['The New York Times wrote this summary overview: "Dana Delany stars in this made-for-TV movie as Margaret Sanger, a nurse who, in 1914, became a pioneering crusader for women\'s reproductive rights after she published a booklet on birth control techniques that flew in the face of a law established by Anthony Comstock  forbidding the dissemination of information on contraception. Sanger later helped to establish America\'s first birth control clinic in 1916, and in 1925 was one of the founders of Planned Parenthood."{{cite news}}'] ['In 1988, an elderly, widowed Dottie Hinson reluctantly attends the induction of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League  into the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown. She sees many of her former teammates and friends, prompting a flashback to 1943. When World War II threatens to shut down Major League Baseball, candy magnate and Chicago Cubs owner Walter Harvey  creates a women\'s league to make money. Ira Lowenstein  is put in charge and Ernie Capadino  is sent out to recruit players. Capadino likes what he sees in softball catcher Dottie . She is a terrific hitter and very attractive. He offers her a tryout, but she is content working in a dairy and on the family farm while her husband, Bob, fights in the war. He is less impressed with her younger sister, pitcher Kit Keller , who is desperate to go. He lets her come along when she persuades Dottie to change her mind. He also checks out Marla Hooch , a great switch-hitting slugger. Because Marla is homely, he rejects her, but Dottie and Kit refuse to go on without her, and her father makes an impassioned plea. Capadino gives in. When the trio arrive at the tryouts in Chicago, they meet taxi dancer "All the Way" Mae Mordabito ([[Madonna  and her best friend, Doris Murphy , both tough-talking New Yorkers; soft-spoken right fielder Evelyn Gardner ; illiterate and shy left fielder Shirley Baker ; and pitcher and former Miss Georgia Ellen Sue Gotlander. They and nine others are selected to form the Rockford Peaches, while 48 others are split among the Racine Belles, Kenosha Comets, and South Bend Blue Sox. The Peaches are managed by Jimmy Dugan , a former marquee Cubs slugger who lost his career to alcohol. He treats the whole thing as a joke, forcing Dottie to take on his duties. Jimmy takes over after clashing with Dottie over a game-time decision. The league attracts little interest. Lowenstein tells the Peaches that the owners are having second thoughts. With a Life magazine photographer attending a game, Lowenstein begs them to do something spectacular. Dottie obliges when a ball is popped up behind home plate, catching it while doing a split. The resulting photograph makes the cover of the magazine. A publicity campaign draws more and more people to the ballgames, but the owners remain unconvinced. Meanwhile, the sibling rivalry between Dottie and Kit intensifies: Kit resents being completely overshadowed by Dottie in everything. Things come to a head when Jimmy pulls Kit for a relief pitcher on Dottie\'s advice. After a heated argument between Dottie and Kit, Dottie tells Lowenstein she is thinking about quitting. Horrified at the prospect of losing his biggest star, Lowenstein promises to arrange a trade. Kit blames her sister for being sent to Racine. Prior to a game, the Peaches\' utility player, Betty "Spaghetti" Horn, is informed that her husband has been killed in action in the Pacific Theatre; the same evening, Bob returns, having been honorably discharged after being wounded in Italy. The following morning, Jimmy discovers that Dottie is returning to Oregon with Bob. He tells her she will regret her decision. The team makes it to the World Series against Kit\'s Racine Belles. The Peaches win twice in a row to force a deciding seventh game. Dottie unexpectedly rejoins the team for the game. Racine leads 1-0 going into the ninth inning when Dottie hits Kit\'s pitch and drives in two runs. Kit comes up to bat with her team trailing 2-1 in the bottom of the ninth with two outs. Dottie tells pitcher Ellen Sue about Kit\'s weakness for chasing high fastballs. After swinging at and missing the first two pitches, Kit hits a line drive and rounds the bases, ignoring a stop signal from the third base coach. Dottie fields the throw to the plate, but Kit slams into her, knocking the ball out of her hand to score the winning run. The sellout crowd convinces Harvey to give Lowenstein the owners\' support. After the game, the sisters reconcile before Dottie leaves to raise a family. In the present day, Dottie and Kit are reunited during the dedication ceremony of the Women\'s Professional Baseball League; Dottie is reunited with several players . Several fates of the characters are revealed: Marla married Nelson, Jimmy and Bob have both died, and after Dottie reunites with Stillwell, she learns of his mother\'s  passing. All the baseball players sing and take a picture.'] ['The film\'s plot follows the story of Paikea Apirana  [In the book, her name is Kahu, short for Kahutia Te Rangi].The leader should be the first-born son – a direct patrilineal descendant of Paikea, aka Kahutia Te Rangi in the book, the Whale Rider – he who rode on top of a whale from Hawaiki. However, Pai is female and technically cannot inherit the leadership. While he does later form an affectionate bond with his granddaughter, carrying her to school every day on his bicycle, he also condemns her and blames her for conflicts happening within the tribe. At one point Paikea decides to leave with her father because her grandfather is mistreating her. However she finds that she cannot bear to leave the sea as the whale seems to be calling her back, she tells her father to turn the car back and returns home. Pai\'s father refuses to assume traditional leadership; instead he moves to Germany to pursue a career as an artist. Pai herself is interested in the leadership, learning traditional songs and dances, but is given little encouragement by her grandfather. Pai feels that she can become the leader, although there\'s no precedent for a woman to do so, and is determined to succeed. Koro decides to form a cultural school for the village boys, hoping to find a new leader. He teaches the boys to use a taiaha . This is traditionally reserved for males. However, Nanny tells Pai that her second son, Pai\'s uncle, had won a taiaha tournament in his youth while he was still slim, so Pai secretly learns from him. She also secretly follows Koro\'s lessons. One of the students, Hemi, is also sympathetic towards her, but Koro is enraged when he finds out, particularly when she wins her taiaha fight against Hemi. Koro\'s relationship with Pai erodes further when none of the boys succeed at the traditional task of recovering the rei puta  that he threw into the ocean – this mission would prove one of them worthy of becoming leader. With the loss of the rei puta, Koro in despair calls out the Ancient ones, the whales. In an attempt to help, Pai from the beach also calls out to them and they hear her call. Pai, in an attempt to bridge the rift that has formed, invites Koro to be her guest of honour at a concert of Māori chants that her school is putting on. Unknown to all, she had won an inter-school speech contest with a touching dedication to Koro and the traditions of the village. However, Koro was late, and as he was walking to the school, he notices that numerous right whales are beached near Pai\'s home. The entire village attempts to coax and drag them back into the water, but all efforts prove unsuccessful; even a tractor does not help because the rope breaks. Koro sees it as a sign of his failure and despairs further. He admonishes Pai against touching the largest whale because "she has done enough damage" with her presumption. Also, the largest whale traditionally belongs to the legendary Paikea. But when Koro walks away, she climbs onto the back of the largest whale and coaxes it to re-enter the ocean. The whale leads the entire pod back into the sea; Paikea nearly drowns in the process. When she goes out to sea, Nanny Flowers shows Koro the whale tooth which Pai had previously recovered. When Pai is found and brought to the hospital, Koro declares her the leader and asks her forgiveness. The film ends with the village, including Pai\'s father, uncle, and grandparents, celebrating her status as leader, as the finished waka is hauled into the sea for its maiden voyage.'] ['Roberta  is an unfulfilled suburban housewife living in Fort Lee, New Jersey who is fascinated with a woman she only knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of a New York City tabloid. This fascination reaches a peak when one such ad with the headline "Desperately Seeking Susan" proposes a rendezvous in Battery Park with the man who regularly seeks her. Roberta goes to Battery Park too, gets a glimpse of the woman ([[Madonna  and in a series of events involving mistaken identity, amnesia, and other farcical elements Roberta goes from voyeur to participant in an Alice in Wonderland-style plot, ostensibly motivated by the search for a pair of stolen Egyptian earrings.'] ['Sixteen-year-old Stephanie Daley collapses in a pool of blood while on a school skiing trip. A doctor discovers that in the blood is afterbirth. Soon afterward, the body of a newborn baby girl is found in a toilet, its mouth blocked with toilet paper. Despite Stephanie\'s insistence that her child was stillborn and that she had no idea that she was pregnant, she is arrested for the murder of the child and becomes known as the Ski-Mom. Awaiting trial, Stephanie is interviewed by a forensic psychologist, Lydie Crane, who is also approximately 30 weeks pregnant with a son. Lydie is hired by the Prosecution to make an independent evaluation of Stephanie. When Lydie first meets the Daley family, Stephanie\'s mother is quick to stipulate that Stephanie will not accept a plea bargain. Lydie is eager to get to know Stephanie. She suspects her husband is having an affair after finding an earring that doesn\'t belong to her in their home; their marriage has been on the rocks since she gave birth to a stillborn child three months before she conceived the child she is now pregnant with. As Stephanie discusses her sexual history and her relationship with her parents and her child, Lydie is forced to face her hitherto buried emotions about her own child. Through her interviews with Lydie, Stephanie talks about the father of her baby, Cory, a boy she met at party and then slept with and never saw again because he enlisted in the Marines. When Lydie asks Stephanie if she knew she was pregnant; Stephanie avoids the questions and claims she was being "punished" by God because she was "weak", and that the pregnancy was a "test". Visibly annoyed at this, Lydie reveals to Stephanie that she had a baby girl a year before who had been stillborn, and asks Stephanie what she thinks Lydie was being punished for. Stephanie replies "you tell me." The truth is told through flashbacks, when Stephanie is on the ski trip at her school,  she begins to go into labour and makes it to the bathroom; where she quietly but painfully delivers the child on her own, and it is revealed through Lydie\'s explanation that the baby fell into the leg of Stephanie\'s ski pants. Stephanie says she wrapped the baby in toilet paper and left it there; but still maintains she was dead. Meanwhile, Lydie confronts her husband about the affair; and he claims he has not slept with anyone; but has indeed thought about it. He also blames the problems in their marriage on Lydie having not properly grieved for their stillborn daughter  and that she does not truly want the baby she is carrying. Lydie screams in his face that she does want the child. Soon before her trial, Stephanie is getting a glass of water and a car drives by her house with drunk young men in it who scream out "be the mother of my baby!" and drive off laughing, Stephanie having gained notoriety as being the Ski-Mom. This event makes Stephanie break the glass in her hand and cut her palm; severely upsetting her mother. Before the trial begins, Stephanie returns to Lydie and says she is going to accept a plea bargain. Lydie states that she thinks this is a good idea and reaches out to shake Stephanie\'s hand when she notices the cut and asks what happened. Stephanie then tearfully admits the truth to Lydie, that her baby girl was alive when she delivered her, but was so small, and "her breathing was all wrong", and so in her mind she told her child to die; and she did. And Stephanie believes she did kill her baby with her mind. Lydie hugs Stephanie, and thanks her. The DVD release contains a "Making of" featurette; the writer-director expresses her satisfaction with the open-ended portrayal and ending, so that the viewers can bring their own interpretation to the material, and be left pondering afterwards. The official website tagline is "The Truth is what we believe."http://www.stephaniedaley-themovie.com/'] ["Barbra Streisand portrays Yentl Mendel, a girl living in an Ashkenazi shtetl named Pechev{{cite journal}} in Poland in the early 20th century. Yentl's father, Rebbe Mendel , secretly instructs her in the Talmud despite the proscription of such study by women according to the custom of her community. After the death of her father, Yentl decides to dress like a man, take her late brother's name, Anshel, and enter a Jewish religious school. Upon entering the yeshiva, Yentl befriends a fellow student, Avigdor , and meets his fiancée, Hadass . The story is complicated as Hadass's family cancels her wedding to Avigdor over fears that his family is tainted with insanity, and decides that she should marry Anshel instead. Meanwhile, Hadass develops romantic feelings for Yentl , while Yentl herself is falling in love with Avigdor. After much turmoil, Avigdor and Hadass are reunited, while Yentl leaves Europe to go to the United States, where she hopes to lead a life with more freedom."] ['In the near future war rages across the fictional Republic of Gilead and pollution has rendered 99% of the population sterile. Kate is captured after seeing her husband killed and daughter kidnapped while the family tried to escape into Canada. Kate is trained to become a Handmaid, a concubine for one of the privileged but barren couples who rule the country\'s religious fundamentalist regime. Although she resists being indoctrinated into the bizarre cult of the Handmaids, mixing the Old Testament orthodoxy and misogyny with 12-step gospel and ritualized violence, Kate is soon assigned to the home of the Commander and his cold, inflexible wife, Serena Joy. There she is renamed "Offred" - "of Fred". She is forced to lie between Serena Joy\'s legs and have sex with the Commander, in hopes that she will bear them a child. Kate continually longs for her earlier life. She soon learns that many of the nation\'s leaders are as sterile as their wives. She decides to risk the punishment for fornication &mdash; death by hanging &mdash; in order to be fertilized by another man who will make her pregnant, and subsequently, spare her life. The other man turns out to be Nick, the Commander\'s sympathetic driver. Kate grows attached to him and eventually becomes pregnant with his child. Kate ultimately kills the Commander, then hides from the men who come looking for her. She thinks that the men are the Eyes, the governments secret police. However, it turns out that they are soldiers from the resistance movement, which Nick, too, is a part of. Kate then flees with them, leaving Nick behind in an emotional scene. In the closing scene, Kate is shown pregnant and alone in a stationary caravan. She reminisces about Nick and the current situation, hoping that once the resistance has won, she and Nick will be together.'] ['Three unique women embark on a cross-country road trip: Jane , a lesbian lounge singer in search of a new life after breaking up with her girlfriend and getting fired; Holly , a pregnant girl who just wants to escape her brutal boyfriend; and Robin , an uptight real estate agent who has her own secrets . Robin puts an ad in the newspaper that she is looking for a traveling companion to accompany her on a cross country trip to California. Jane answers the ad and agrees to join Robin after her car gets towed during their meeting. Jane and Robin leave New York and travel through Pittsburgh to take Jane\'s friend Holly to lunch. They stumble across a knock out-fight between Holly and her abusive boyfriend, Nick, over some missing drugs. They leave him there bound to a chair with tape after Holly hits him in the head with a bat to stop him from attacking Jane. Unbeknownst to the women, without medical attention, the blow Nick received to his head turns out to be fatal, as he stumbles across the floor and dies. The three unlikely travelers then form a special friendship on their journey which sees them through ultimately tragic times. After discovering that Holly accidentally killed Nick and that she is pregnant, the three women decide to continue across country and end up in Tucson, Arizona when Robin has to be hospitalized. They decide to stay in Tucson, hoping to start a new life. However, Jane has a secret crush on Robin, Holly falls in love with and eventually confesses to a local police officer named Abe Lincoln , and Robin finds the courage to face her impending death. Shortly after Jane and Robin have a falling out over Jane telling a guy  who was interested in Robin that she has HIV, Holly is arrested by Abe. She is taken back to Pittsburgh to face the consequences of her actions. The return to Pittsburgh involves Robin and Jane making peace with each other on the courthouse\'s "Bridge of Sighs" while the Pittsburgh Police process Holly. A few months pass, in Tucson, Holly is free and with Abe and her daughter, which is celebration to all family and friends. Robin is now farther along with AIDS and is not expected to live much longer. The party asks Robin to sing the Roy Orbison song "You Got It" as she performed that song in a Star Search contest, though weak, she manages to sing with Jane backing her singing. In the final scene, Robin has died from AIDS as her wheelchair is now empty, Holly and Abe plan to stay in Arizona and become a family, while Jane hits the road to finally seek a life of her own.'] ['In 1993, Erin Brockovich  is an unemployed single mother of three children who, after losing a personal injury lawsuit against a doctor in a car accident she was in, asks her lawyer, Edward L. Masry , if he can find her a job in compensation for the loss. Ed gives her work as a file clerk in his office, and she sees the files in a pro bono real-estate case in which PG&E is offering to purchase the home of Hinkley, California, resident Donna Jensen. Erin is surprised to see medical records in the file and visits Jensen, who explains that she had just kept all her PG&E correspondence together. Donna is very appreciative of PG&E\'s help: she has had several tumors and her husband has Hodgkin\'s disease, but PG&E has always supplied a doctor at their own expense. Erin asks why they would do that, and Donna replies, "because of the chromium". Erin begins digging into the particulars of the case and soon finds evidence that the groundwater in Hinkley is contaminated with dangerous hexavalent chromium, but PG&E is telling Hinkley residents that they use a safer form of chromium in their cooling ponds. She persuades Ed to allow her further research, and wins the trust of many Hinkley residents. She finds many other cases of tumors and other medical problems in Hinkley. Everyone has been treated by PG&E\'s doctors and thinks the cluster of cases is just a coincidence, unrelated to the "safe" chromium. Eventually a man approaches her and says that he was tasked with destroying documents at PG&E, but he had noticed the medical conditions plaguing the workers who worked in the unlined ponds, and kept the documents instead. Now he gives them to her. One is a 1966 memo that ties a conversation of a corporate executive in the San Francisco PG&E headquarters to the Hinkley station: it proves that the corporate headquarters knew the water was contaminated with hexavalent chromium, did not do anything about it, and advised the Hinkley station to keep it a secret from the neighborhood. Rather than delay any settlement for years through a series of jury trials and probable appeals, Ed takes the opportunity to arrange for a final disposition by binding arbitration. Erin is able to persuade the 634 plaintiffs to go along, and the evidence is examined by a judge without a jury. The judge orders PG&E to pay a settlement amount of $333&nbsp;million divided among the plaintiffs. In the final scene, Ed hands Erin her bonus payment for the case, but says he has changed the amount. She is astonished to see that he has increased it to $2&nbsp;million.'] ["Judy Benjamin  is an American woman who joins the U.S. Army after her new husband dies on their wedding night during sex. Duped by a sneaky recruiting sergeant, Jim Ballard , who lets her believe military life to be more glamorous than it is, she has a rude awakening in boot camp. After getting in trouble constantly, Judy wants to quit but chooses to stick it out, and has a series of adventures which eventually lead to promotion. During her service, Judy meets Henri Tremont , a dashing French doctor. However, their romance is short-lived when he returns to Paris and she to her army career. Later Judy manages to be assigned to SHAPE in Belgium, and she meets up with Henri again. He proposes marriage; she accepts, but when Captain Lewis , her boot camp officer, discovers that Tremont is a communist, Judy is forced to choose between giving up her army career or leaving him to continue her service. After she chooses Henri over the Army, Judy discovers Henri's controlling side, when he tries to 'remake' her, and when forced to sign a prenuptial agreement in his favor. Then, when she finds out Henri is still madly in love with an old flame  and has cheated on her with their maid, she realizes that she is capable of doing whatever she wants, and that she doesn't need Henri for that. She walks out on him at the altar to go and live her own life."] ["Pamela defies her autocratic father , and has a baby out of wedlock with her lover, Gerald Waring . Pamela raises her illegitimate daughter as her niece after her pregnant sister  falls and dies over the death of her young husband and becomes a crusading journalist for women's rights. Eventually she agrees to marry diplomat Thomas Lane  after being unfairly named as co-respondent in Waring's divorce. Hepburn's performance as the defiant young woman is considered the epitome of her feminist characterizations of the 1930s."] ['The film tells the story of Sonia , a young Brooklyn woman who has just given birth to her first child. She is married, through an arranged marriage, to Mendel , a devout Hasidic Jew who is too immersed in his studies to give his wife the attention she craves. As a result, Sonia develops a relationship with Mendel\'s brother, the jeweller Sender , who brings her into the business. Sender is the only release for Sonia\'s repressed sexuality, and he takes full advantage of that fact as often as he can, but she is repelled by his utter lack of morals as she finds balance between what she feels and what she has been taught is "sinful". The jewellery business brings her into close contact with the young Puerto Rican artist and jewellery designer Ramon , but when Sender finds out about their connection he reveals it to the family, and Sonia is divorced and ostracised. The film ends on a more tolerance-friendly note, with Sonia balancing desire and every day life, and Mendel accepting her differences with a blessing and the promise to restore custody of their son.'] ['Judd plays Ruby, the title character and narrator of the film. As the film begins, she is leaving Tennessee, landing in Panama City, Florida, a summer resort town she visited as a child. Although she arrives there in fall, at the beginning of the off-season, she gets a job at Chambers Beach Emporium, a souvenir store run by Mrs. Chambers , overcoming the owner\'s initial rejection of her employment application by telling her "I\'ve done retail before, and I work real cheap." Over the course of a year she keeps a journal  and contemplates her career ups and downs, her love life, her past, and her future. The film is a character study, proceeding at a leisurely pace with Ruby\'s introspective comments interspersed with routine scenes at the souvenir store or conversations with her friend Rochelle , or the men she dates .'] ['The film tells three different stories about women struggling for identity in Iran.{{Citation | last  Eric | title  Houston Chronicle | date http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ent/movies/906030.html | accessdate  http://web.archive.org/web/20080319122412/http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ent/movies/906030.html  |archivedate "OS">{{cite web}} Ahoo is a married woman who is taking part in a cycling race. Ahead of the rest, Ahoo is pursued by her husband on horseback. He tries to persuade her to stop cycling and come home, and then threatens her with divorce. When Ahoo defiantly continues cycling, her husband brings a mullah who divorces them. Later, tribal superiors and male family members come to stop Ahoo as she tries to escape the social constraints of being a woman.'] ["Personal Velocity is a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives. Delia is a spirited, working-class woman from a small town in New York state who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost. Greta is a sharp, spunky editor who is rotten with ambition. To spite the hated unfaithful ways of her father, she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling  with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband. Finally Paula, who ran away from home and got pregnant, is now in a relationship she doesn't want. She's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange, fateful encounter on a New York street"] ["Rescued from the Colorado River as an infant and raised by Shamus Tobin, tomboy Molly Brown is determined to find a wealthy man to marry. She journeys to Leadville, Colorado and is hired as a saloon singer by Christmas Morgan. After miner Johnny Brown renovates his cabin, the two wed, and he sells his claim in a silver mine for $300,000. Soon after the money Molly hid in the stove accidentally is burned, Johnny discovers the richest gold vein in state history. The Browns and Shamus move into a Denver mansion, and Molly sets out to improve her social status by trying to ingratiate herself with the city's elite, all of whom snub her and her nouveau riche ways. She and Johnny go to Europe, where they are embraced by royalty, and the couple return to Denver with their new friends. Molly's plan to introduce them to the people who formerly rejected her is derailed by Johnny's rough and tumble friends, whose unexpected and boisterous arrival ruins the gala party Molly is hosting. Molly decides to return to Europe, leaving Johnny behind. She initially falls for the charms of Prince Louis de Lanière, but eventually decides she prefers to live with Johnny in Leadville. Setting sail for home aboard the Titanic, she becomes a heroine when the ship sinks and she helps rescue many of her fellow passengers. When her deed makes international headlines, Molly is welcomed home by Johnny and the people of Denver."] ['Set in Mexico during the 1850s, the film tells the story of Sara Sandoval  and María Álvarez . María is an uneducated, poor farm-girl whose caring father is being forced off his land by a cruel U.S. land baron, named Tyler Jackson . Sara is the highly educated, wealthy daughter of the arrogant owner of the nearby properties, and has recently returned from Europe where she attended numerous grade schools and colleges in England, Spain, and France for several years. In one fell swoop, both María\'s and Sara\'s fathers fall under attack by the baron,  giving him free rein in the nearby territories. As an act of revenge, María and Sara team up to become bank robbers, stealing and giving back to the poor Mexicans who had lost their lands. At first, the two are catty and quick to fight over the smallest matters over their different backgrounds, but under the tutelage of famed bank robber Bill Buck they learn to trust each other. During a training session, the two women are testing their strength by hanging off a cliff over a wide river, and at the last moment María swallows her pride and tells Sara she can\'t swim. María nearly drowns but is saved by Sara, and it is then that the two women put aside their differences and agree that, while they are not friends yet, they can at least work together as partners. María turns out to be a crack shot and, while Sara can barely hold a gun, she shows that she is an expert with throwing knives. Angered by the recent attacks by the newly infamous \'Bandidas\', Jackson brings in a specialist criminal investigator named Quentin Cooke. It doesn\'t take long for Sara and María to hear of this, and they quickly capture Cooke and seduce him to help them. He has already figured out that Sara\'s father was murdered and therefore discovers that his employer is actually a criminal. Now there are three robbers, each playing their part in bigger, more ambitious heists. As time goes on, the girls compete for Quentin\'s affections, which he rebukes because he is engaged. In a move to make the money they have stolen useless, Jackson moves the gold that backs the money on a train up towards U.S. territories. Midway, he decides to steal the gold, betraying the Mexican government. The Bandidas manage to hunt him down, but when they get their chance to kill him, they can\'t, feeling it would make them no better than him. Jackson manages to draw his gun and almost gets a shot off at María but Sara shoots first, finishing the villain off. In the end Quentin ends up with his fiancée and María and Sara ride off into the sunset, their eyes set on Europe where the banks are, according to Sara, "bigger".'] ['Taking place in the Southern United States during the early 1900s to mid-1930s, the movie tells the life of a poor African American woman, Celie Harris , whose abuse begins when she is young. By the time she is fourteen, she has already had two children by her father . He takes them away from her at childbirth and forces the young Celie  to marry a wealthy young local widower Albert Johnson, known to her only as "Mister" , who treats her like a slave. Albert makes her clean up his disorderly household and take care of his unruly children. Albert beats her often, intimidating Celie into submission and near silence. Celie\'s sister Nettie  comes to live with them, and there is a brief period of happiness as the sisters spend time together and Nettie begins to teach Celie how to read. This is short-lived, however; after Nettie refuses Albert\'s predatory affections once too often, he kicks her out. Before being run off by Albert, Nettie promises to write to Celie. Albert\'s old flame, the jazz singer Shug Avery , for whom Albert has carried a torch for many years, comes to live with him and Celie. Delirious with sickness, Shug initially regards Celie  as "ugly" on their first meeting. Despite this, they eventually become close friends and Shug helps Celie raise her self-confidence. Shug and Celie also enter into an affair .{{cite news}} Celie also finds strength in Sofia , who marries Albert\'s son Harpo . Sofia has also suffered abuse from the men in her family, but unlike Celie, she refuses to tolerate it. This high-spiritedness proves to be her downfall, however, as a rude remark to the town mayor\'s wife and a retaliatory punch to the mayor himself ends with Sofia beaten and jailed. Nettie, meanwhile, has been living with missionaries in Africa and writing to Celie often. Unbeknownst to her, Albert confiscates Nettie\'s letters, telling Celie that she will never hear from her sister again. During a visit from Shug and her new husband, Grady, Celie and Shug discover many years\' worth of Nettie\'s correspondence. Reconnecting with her sister and the assurance that she is still alive helps give Celie the strength to stand up to Albert. She almost slits his throat while shaving him, but is stopped by Shug. During a family dinner, Sofia is shown to be prematurely aged and permanently disfigured due to the severe beatings she received in jail, and demoralized into an almost catatonic state. During that time, Celie finally asserts herself, excoriating Albert and his father. Shug informs Albert that she and Grady are leaving, and that Celie and Harpo\'s girlfriend Squeak  are coming with them. Despite Albert\'s attempts to verbally abuse Celie into submission, she stands up to him by mentioning that he kept Nettie away from her because Nettie was the only one who really loved her. Before she leaves him permanently, she tells him that until he does the right thing, everything he does will go wrong. After seeing Celie stand up for herself, Sofia returns to her normal self, laughing hysterically at a dumbfounded and embarrassed Albert. She also encourages Celie not to follow in her own footsteps, as Celie holds a knife to Albert\'s throat. In Tennessee, Celie opens a haberdashery selling "one size fits all" slacks. Upon the death of her father, she learns that he was, in fact, her stepfather, and that she has inherited a house and shop from her real father. She opens her second slack shop next to her home named Miss Celie\'s Pants, while Harpo and Sofia reconcile. Meanwhile, Albert is feeling the effects of Celie\'s words. His fields and home languish into almost nonexistence as he slips into alcohol-fueled idleness, spending most of his time at Harpo\'s speakeasy. At one point, his father is seen suggesting that he find a new wife, but Albert casually grabs his father by the arm and turns him off his property. Years of guilt finally catch up with him, with the knowledge that he has been a horrible person most of his life, especially to Celie. In a sudden act of kindness unknown to her, Albert takes all the money he has saved over the years, goes down to the immigration office, and arranges a family reunion with Nettie for Celie. Her children, Adam and Olivia, who were raised in Africa, are also reunited with her. Albert looks on from a distance, and Shug smiles at him because he finally did the right thing. Nettie and Celie play their childhood clapping game as the sun sets.'] ['The Piano tells the story of a mute Scotswoman, Ada McGrath , whose father sells her into marriage to a New Zealand frontiersman, Alistair Stewart . She is shipped off along with her young daughter Flora McGrath . The voice that the audience hears is not her speaking voice, but her mind\'s voice. Ada has not spoken a word since she was six years old, expressing herself instead through her piano playing and through sign language for which her daughter has served as the interpreter. Ada cares little for the mundane world, occupying herself for hours every day with the piano. It is never made explicitly clear why she ceased to speak. Flora, it is later learned, is the product of a relationship with a teacher whom Ada believed she could control with her mind, making him love her, but who "became frightened and stopped listening," and thus left her. Ada, Flora, and their belongings, including the piano, are deposited on a New Zealand beach by the ship\'s crew against her angry objections. As there is no one there to meet them, they spend the night alone, sheltering under a tiny tent made of a hoop skirt frame. The following day, Alistair arrives with a Māori crew and his friend Baines , a fellow forester and a retired sailor, who has adopted many of the Māori customs, including tattooing his face and socializing with the Māori instead of his own race . There are insufficient men to carry everything and Alistair abandons the piano, again eliciting objections from Ada. Alistair proves to be a shy and diffident man, who is jokingly called "old dry balls" by his Māori cohorts. He tells Ada that there is no room in his small house for the piano. Ada, in turn, makes no effort to befriend him and continues to try to be reunited with her piano. Unable to communicate with Alistair, she goes, with Flora, to Baines and asks to be taken to the piano. He agrees, and the three spend the day as she plays tunes on the beach. While he socially aligns himself with the Māori, Baines has steadfastly refused any sexual activity with Māori women. But he clearly finds Ada attractive due to her passion for music. Baines eventually retrieves the instrument and suggests that Alistair trade it{{mdash}}and lessons from Ada{{mdash}}for some land that Alistair wants. Alistair consents, oblivious to the budding attraction between Ada and Baines. She is surprised to find that he has had the piano put into perfect tune after its rough journey. He asks to simply listen rather than learn to play himself, and then offers to let her buy the piano back, one key at a time, by letting him do "things he likes" while she plays. Ada reluctantly agrees, as she is attracted to Baines. Ada and Alistair have had no sexual, or even mildly affectionate, interaction even though they are betrothed to marry. Baines is sexually aroused by Ada\'s playing to the point that he openly approaches her. Finally, she yields to her own desire one afternoon, and she and Baines have intercourse. Alistair finally begins to suspect the love affair and after discovering them, he angrily boards up his home with Ada inside when he goes off to work on his timberland. After that interlude, Ada avoids Baines and feigns affection with Alistair, though her caresses only serve to frustrate him more because when he makes a move to touch her in return, she pulls away. Before Alistair departs on his next journey, he asks Ada if she will go to see Baines{{mdash}}she shakes her head no{{mdash}}and he tells her he trusts that she won\'t go to him while he\'s gone. Soon after, Ada sends her daughter with a package for Baines, containing a single piano key with an inscribed love declaration that says "dear George, you will have my heart, Ada McGrath". Flora has begun to accept Alistair as her "papa" and is angered by her mother\'s infidelity. She brings the piano key instead to Alistair. After reading the love note burnt onto the piano key, Alistair furiously returns home and cuts off Ada\'s index finger with an axe to deprive her of the ability to play her piano. He then sends Flora to Baines with the severed finger wrapped in cloth, with the message that if Baines ever attempts to see Ada again, he will chop off more fingers. After Ada recovers from her injury, Alistair sends her and Flora away with Baines and dissolves their marriage. They depart from the same beach on which she first landed in New Zealand. While being rowed to the ship with her baggage and the piano tied onto a Maori longboat, Ada feels that the piano is ruined as she can no longer play and insists that Baines throw the piano overboard. As it sinks, she deliberately puts her foot into the loop of rope trailing overboard. She is rapidly pulled deep underwater connected by the rope to the piano{{mdash}}but then she changes her mind and kicks free to be pulled back into the boat. In an epilogue, she describes her new life with Baines and Flora in Nelson, where she has started to give piano lessons in their new home, and her severed finger has been replaced with a silver finger made by Baines. Ada says that she imagines her piano in its grave in the sea, and herself suspended above it, which "lulls me to sleep." Ada has also started to take speech lessons in order to learn how to speak again. The film closes with the Thomas Hood quote, from his poem "Silence," which also opened the film: "There is a silence where hath been no sound. There is a silence where no sound may be in the cold grave under the deep deep sea."'] ['The film centers on Manuela, a nurse who oversees donor organ transplants in Ramón y Cajal Hospital in Madrid and single mother to Esteban, a teenager who wants to be a writer. On his seventeenth birthday, Esteban is hit by a car and killed while chasing after actress Huma Rojo for her autograph following a performance of A Streetcar Named Desire, in which she portrays Blanche DuBois. Manuela has to agree with her colleagues at work that her son\'s heart be transplanted to a man in A Coruña. After traveling after her son\'s heart, Manuela quits her job and journeys to Barcelona, where she hopes to find her son\'s father, Lola, a transvestite she kept secret from her son, just as she never told Lola they had a son. In Barcelona, Manuela reunites with her old friend Agrado, a warm and witty transsexual prostitute. She also meets and becomes deeply involved with several characters: Rosa, a young nun who works in a shelter for battered prostitutes and is pregnant by Lola; Rosa\'s mother; Huma Rojo, the actress her son had admired; and the drug-addicted Nina Cruz, Huma\'s co-star and lover. Her life becomes entwined with theirs as she cares for Rosa during her pregnancy and works for Huma as her personal assistant and even acts in the play as an understudy for Nina during one of her drug abuse crises. On her way to the hospital, Rosa asks the taxi to stop at a park where she spots her father\'s dog, Sapic, and then her own father, who suffers from Alzheimer\'s; he does not recognize Rosa and asks for her age and height, but Sapic is cleverer and knows Rosa. Rosa dies giving birth to her son, and Lola and Manuela finally reunite at Rosa\'s funeral. Lola , who is dying from AIDS, talks about how she always wanted a son, and Manuela tells her about her own Esteban and how he died in a car accident. Manuela then adopts Esteban, Rosa\'s child, and stays with him at Rosa\'s parents\' house. The father does not understand who Manuela is, and Rosa\'s mother says it\'s the new cook, who is living here with her son. Rosa\'s father then asks Manuela her age and height. Manuela introduces Esteban  to Lola and gives her a picture of their own Esteban. Rosa\'s mother spots them from the street and then confronts Manuela about letting strangers see the baby. Manuela tells her that Lola is Esteban\'s father; Rosa\'s mother is appalled and says: "That is the monster that killed my daughter?!" Manuela flees back to Madrid with Esteban; she cannot take living at Rosa\'s house any longer, since the grandmother is afraid that she will contract AIDS from the baby. She writes a letter to Huma and Agrado saying that she is leaving and once again is sorry for not saying goodbye, like she did years before. Two years later, Manuela returns with Esteban to an AIDS convention, telling Huma and Agrado, who now run a stage show together, that Esteban had been a miracle by not inheriting the virus. She then says she is returning to stay with Esteban\'s grandparents. When asking Huma about Nina, she becomes melancholic and leaves. Agrado tells Manuela that Nina went back to her town, got married, and had a fat, ugly baby boy. Almodóvar dedicates his film "To all actresses who have played actresses. To all women who act. To men who act and become women. To all the people who want to be mothers. To my mother." Almodovar recreates the accident scene from John Cassavetes\' Opening Night as the epicenter of the dramatic conflict.'] ['In 1956 Schenectady, New York, waitress Shirley Roque  marries auto mechanic Jack Muldowney  over the mild objections of her singer father Tex , who wants her to be able to take care of herself, rather than having to rely on a husband. Jack buys a gas station, Shirley becomes a housewife, and they have a son. For fun, Jack races his sportscar against others on deserted stretches of road late at night. One time, Shirley talks him into letting her drive. She wins and continues winning. A chance encounter with professional driver "Big Daddy" Don Garlits  gives her the idea to look for sponsorship from one of the major car manufacturers, despite her husband\'s skepticism. This being the 1950s, a pretty housewife is not taken seriously, especially since there are no women pro drivers at all. But when she returns home, Jack tells her that he can build her a dragster. In 1966, she is ready. She still needs to get three signatures before she can get her National Hot Rod Association  license, nearly impossible in the macho racing world. Finally, Garlits  signs, followed by funny car driver Connie Kalitta , who has his own reasons; Connie talks a reluctant third driver into going along. In her first attempt to qualify for a race, she sets a track record. Later, during a dinner with their respective spouses, Connie gets her alone, makes a pass at her, and gets slapped in the face. Shirley becomes successful, racing on weekends, but when Connie decides to move up to Top Fuel dragsters, she wants to buy his funny car and compete year round. This is the last straw for her husband, who just wants his wife back, and they separate. Connie and Shirley become involved, despite his continual philandering. In a 1973 race, her funny car is destroyed and she herself is seriously burned. When Connie is suspended indefinitely by the NHRA for fighting on her behalf, she tells him that she is going to Top Fuel. He becomes her crew chief. She wins her first NHRA national event in 1976, then the World Championship in 1977. Finally, tired of Connie\'s womanizing, she drops him from her team. Angry, he gets himself reinstated by the NHRA. Shirley, with little sponsorship and an inexperienced crew, has two lean years, but rebounds in 1980. She races against Kalitta in that year\'s NHRA championship final. The film ends with her victory and their reconciliation, and her ex-husband  giving her a private cheer.'] ['The film traces the sexual awakening of Theresa Dunn, a young teacher searching for excitement outside of her mundane existence. Suffering with severe body image issues and a sense of inadequacy following a childhood surgery that left a large scar on her back, Irish American Theresa finds first love with her older, married university professor, who ends the affair as her time in college comes to an end. The end of the affair leaves Theresa feeling used, and she begins daydreaming about being reunited with her professor. Theresa enters the sexual revolution of the 1970s feeling confused, as she is simultaneously repelled and attracted to the sexual experimentation she witnesses going on around her. Although she continues to teach by day, developing a reputation as a gifted and caring teacher to deaf children, at night she goes clubbing at a series of increasingly seedy bars, picking up men for one-night stands. The recreational sexual encounters slowly become an addiction, as Theresa begins pursuing more dangerous men with violent sexual proclivities to enhance her "high". She views her one night stands with shady low-lifes as a way to provide excitement and adventure to her otherwise boring and ordinary existence. An encounter with an Italian thug named Tony  develops into a nascent relationship, and the two begin regularly meeting for increasingly rough and dangerous sex, culminating in Tony\'s introduction of a switchblade knife into their sex play. Meanwhile, Theresa attempts to date a welfare case worker named James, whom her family holds up as the paragon of Irish-American youth. The relationship quickly falters, as James turns out to be just as shallow and emotionally manipulative as Tony. Theresa ultimately breaks up with Tony, who then stalks her, including harassing her outside the school where she works until the older brother of one of her students beats him up. With the new year approaching, Theresa resolves to leave her clubbing behind and take control of her life. Seeking one final hookup on New Year\'s Eve, Theresa picks up a man named Gary, who turns out to be a sexually confused war veteran. At Theresa\'s apartment, Gary finds himself unnable to attain an erection. Misreading Theresa\'s frustration as her questioning his sexuality, Gary attacks her and begins beating and raping her. After Theresa screams "Do it!" Gary stabs her to death. Theresa\'s dead face drifts farther away from the screen and into a black void as the film ends.'] ["Thelma Dickinson  is a passive housewife, married to a controlling man, Darryl . Louise Sawyer  is a single waitress who appears strong, organized, and stern, with some unspecified trauma in her past. The two head out in Louise's 1966 Ford Thunderbird convertible for a two-day vacation in the mountains that quickly turns into a nightmare before they reach their destination. They stop for a drink at a cowboy bar, where Thelma meets and dances with Harlan Puckett . She gets drunk and Harlan attempts to rape her in the parking lot. Louise finds them and threatens to shoot Harlan with a gun Thelma brought with her. Harlan stops, but as the women walk away, he yells profanity and insults them. Louise loses her temper and fires, killing him. Thelma wants to go to the police, but Louise says that because Thelma was drunk and had been dancing with Harlan, no one will believe he tried to rape her. Afraid that she will be prosecuted, Louise decides to run away, and Thelma accompanies her. Louise is determined to travel from Oklahoma to Mexico, but refuses to go through Texas. It is revealed that something happened to her in Texas years earlier, but she refuses to say exactly what. Heading west, they come across J.D. , and Thelma convinces Louise to let him hitch a ride with them. Louise contacts her boyfriend Jimmy Lennox  and asks him to send her life savings via Western Union. When she goes to pick up the money, she finds that Jimmy has come to see her. Thelma invites J.D. into her room and learns he is a thief who has broken parole. They become intimate, and J.D. describes how he conducted his hold-ups. Jimmy asks Louise to marry him, and she refuses. In the morning, Thelma tells Louise about her night with J.D. Louise asks where J.D. is, and they find that he is gone with the money. Louise is distraught and frozen with indecision, so a guilty Thelma takes charge. Meanwhile, the FBI, after questioning J.D., Jimmy, and Darryl, are getting closer to catching the fugitives. Detective Hal Slocumb  discovers the event that Louise experienced in Texas, and during a couple of brief phone conversations, expresses sympathy for her predicament and pledges to protect her. But he is unsuccessful in his attempts to persuade her to surrender. While Louise waits in the car, Thelma, attempting to make up for the money J.D. stole, robs a convenience store. When a policeman  stops them, Thelma threatens him with her gun, steals his gun, and locks him in the trunk of his cruiser. They encounter a truck driver  who repeatedly makes obscene gestures at them. They pull over to demand an apology, but when he refuses, they fire at the truck's fuel tank, causing it to explode. Thelma and Louise are finally cornered by police only 100 yards from the edge of the Grand Canyon. Detective Slocumb arrives on the scene, but he is refused the chance to make one last attempt to talk the women into surrendering themselves. Rather than be captured and spend the rest of their lives in jail, Thelma proposes that they keep going. Louise asks Thelma if she is certain, Thelma says yes, and steps on the gas. As soon as the car starts forward, Slocumb sprints after it in an attempt to save them, but the car drives over the cliff."] ["Veronica is an adventurous, curious, slightly tomboyish young woman in Venice. Her lover Marco  cannot marry her because her family is not wealthy enough to provide a good dowry. Marco, a future Senator, marries a foreign noblewoman instead. Veronica's mother  must think of the future and her family's financial security, as she still requires dowries for her younger daughters and money for her son's commission. Rather than go to a convent, Veronica's mother suggests she become a courtesan, a highly paid, cultured prostitute like her mother and grandmother before her. At first Veronica is repelled by the idea, but once she discovers that courtesans are allowed access to libraries and education, she tentatively embraces the idea. Veronica quickly gains a reputation as a top courtesan, impressing the powerful men of Venice with her beauty, wit, and compassion. Marco finds it difficult to adjust to his new wife, who is nothing like Veronica, and becomes jealous as she takes his friends and relatives as lovers. After Marco's cousin Maffio, a poor bard who was once publicly upstaged by Veronica, attacks her, Marco rushes to her aid. They rekindle their romance and Veronica stops seeing clients. War breaks out between the Ottoman Empire and Venice, and the city appeals to France for aid. Veronica is encouraged to seduce the king of France and secures a military alliance. Marco becomes despondent that she has broken her promise of fidelity. Veronica points out that she sacrificed their love for the good of the city, while he only did it to protect his family's political standing, and Marco leaves for war angry. While the Senators are fighting at sea, a plague hits the city. Religious zealots take the war and plague as punishment for the city's moral degradation, and Veronica's home is quarantined and almost ransacked by a mob. Veronica is summoned to appear before the Inquisition on charges of witchcraft and refuses to name her clients. When it appears that she will be executed, Marco publicly shames the Venetian ministers and senators into standing. Bewildered by the extent of sin in the city, the Inquisitor drops the charges of witchcraft, and Marco and Veronica reconcile."] ["Lianna  is the wife of a college professor teaching film and media at a University in a small to midsized town in New Jersey, and the mother of two children. In an attempt to give her husband more freedom - at his request - and cure her boredom in being a housewife, she takes a child psychology class with her friend Sandy. Becoming more involved in the class and interacting with the female professor, she realizes she has a crush on the instructor, Ruth. Ruth invites Lianna over to her home for dinner and they talk into the night, Lianna explaining that she was a graduate student at one time who married the professor. They eventually sleep together and begin an affair, complicated by Lianna's husband's affair with one of his students. Lianna expresses interest in leaving her husband for Ruth, but Ruth backs away, warning Lianna that living with another woman would jeopardize her career as a child psychologist - and she has a partner in another city. Lianna leaves her husband after a particularly ugly fight to live alone for the first time in years. Lianna visits a lesbian bar and attempts to connect with other lesbians through a string of affairs to explore her new identity. The film explores her loneliness, her changing relationships with her children, and her new relationship with Sandy, who is shocked at Lianna's revelations at first, but slowly begins to accept it and support Lianna."] ['The film is set in 1920s China during the warlord era, years before the Chinese Civil War. Nineteen-year-old Songlian , whose father has recently died and left the family bankrupt, marries into the wealthy Chen family, becoming the fourth wife or rather the third concubine &mdash; or, as she is referred to, the Fourth Mistress &mdash; of the household. Arriving at the palatial abode, she is at first treated like royalty, receiving sensuous foot massages and brightly-lit red lanterns, as well as a visit from her husband, Master Chen , the master of the house, whose face is never clearly shown. Songlian soon discovers, however, that not all the concubines in the household receive the same luxurious treatment. In fact, the master decides on a daily basis the concubine he will spend the night with; whomever he chooses gets her lanterns lit, receives the foot massage, gets her choice of menu items at mealtime, and gets the most attention and respect from the servants. Pitted in constant competition against each other, the three concubines are continually vying for their husband\'s attention and affections. The First Mistress, Yuru , appears to be nearly as old as the master himself. Having borne a son decades earlier, she seems resigned to live out her life as forgotten, always passed over in favor of the younger concubines. The Second Mistress, Zhuoyun , befriends Songlian, complimenting her youth and beauty, and giving her expensive silk as a gift; she also warns her about the Third Mistress, Meishan , a former opera singer who is spoiled and who becomes unable to cope with no longer being the youngest and most favored of the master\'s playthings. As time passes, though, Songlian learns that it is really Zhuoyun, the Second Mistress, who is not to be trusted; she is subsequently described as having the face of the Buddha, yet possessing the heart of a scorpion. Songlian feigns pregnancy, attempting to garner the majority of the master\'s time and, at the same time, attempting to become actually pregnant. Zhuoyun, however, is in league with Songlian\'s personal maid, Yan\'er  who finds and reveals a pair of bloodied undergarments, suggesting that Songlian had recently had her period, and discovers the pregnancy is a fraud. Zhuoyun summons the family physician, feigning concern for Songlian\'s "pregnancy." Doctor Gao , who is secretly having an illicit affair with Third Mistress Meishan, examines Songlian and determines the pregnancy to be a sham. Infuriated, the master orders Songlian\'s lanterns covered with thick black canvas bags indefinitely. Blaming the sequence of events on Yan\'er, Songlian reveals to the house that Yan\'er\'s room is filled with lit red lanterns, showing that Yan\'er dreams of becoming a Mistress instead of a lowly servant; it is suggested earlier that Yan\'er is in love with the Master and has even slept with him in the Fourth Mistress\' bed. Yan\'er is punished by having the lanterns burned while she kneels in the snow, watching as they smolder. In an act of defiance, Yan\'er refuses to humble herself or apologize and thus remains kneeling in the snow throughout the night until she collapses. Yan\'er falls sick and ultimately dies after being taken to the hospital. One of the servants tells Songlian that her former maid died with her mistress\'s name on her lips. Songlian, who had briefly attended university before the passing of her father and being forced into marriage, comes to the conclusion that she is happier in solitude; she eventually sees the competition between the concubines as a useless endeavor, as each woman is merely a "robe" that the master may wear and discard at his discretion. As Songlian retreats further into her solitude, she begins speaking of suicide; she reasons that dying is a better fate than being a concubine in the Chen household. On her twentieth birthday, severely intoxicated and despondent over her bitter fate, Songlian inadvertently blurts out the details of the love affair between Meishan and Doctor Gao to Zhuoyun; who later catches the adulterous couple together. Following the old customs and traditions, Meishan is dragged to a lone room on the roof of the estate and hanged to death by the master\'s servants. Songlian, already in agony due to the fruitlessness of her life, witnesses the entire episode and is emotionally traumatized. The following summer, after the master\'s marriage to yet another concubine, Songlian is shown wandering the compound in her old schoolgirl clothes, having gone completely insane.'] [' The film begins with a battered, dirty, and injured Morgaine riding in a small boat through a misty river. Most of the film is a reflection through her eyes, with Morgaine as narrator. In the beginning of the film, the Saxons are attempting to brutally invade Britain. It is noted that a strong king is needed to unite Pagans and Christians and defeat the Saxons before Avalon and Britain are lost. Morgaine is eight, living with her pagan mother Igraine and Christian father Gorlois. Igraine\'s little sister, Morgause, lives with them too. One day, her oldest sister, Viviane, the Lady of the Lake, along with Merlin, comes to Igraine with a prophecy that she will bear the Pagan/Christian king who is destined to best the Saxons. Igraine is distressed after hearing that the child will not be Gorlois\', and she refuses to bear the heir. Merlin expresses that the father of the great king would be wearing a dragon on his arm. Igraine doesn\'t listen. Suddenly, little Morgaine has a vision, seeing her father dead. Viviane is pleased but concerned that Morgaine has "the Sight." Soon, Igraine and Gorlois, the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall, are invited to a feast with the High King, who has called the feast to name his successor. In storms Uther Pendragon, a dashing and rugged man. Igraine is immediately drawn to him, and therefore Gorlois soon antagonizes Uther. However, as soon as Igraine sees Uther extend his arm, revealing the dragon of the prophecy, Igraine is flustered and leaves. Uther pursues her outside, where she is cold and unfeeling, trying to avoid any feelings. Uther expresses that he, as a Pagan, knew something bonded them before they even met. Gorlois interrupts the meeting, announcing out of jealousy that Uther was named the High King\'s successor. Later, after Uther is crowned, Gorlois sets his army up outside of Uther\'s camp to kill Uther. Viviane sends Igraine a vision and tells her she can still save Uther; Igraine sends her soul out to Uther and warns him just in time for his men to evacuate. A battle between Gorlois and Uther ensues, and Igraine faints. The next day, Morgaine sees her mother feverish and ill, and her aunt Morgause sends Morgaine to pick some herbs despite the manor being on lockdown on orders from Gorlois to protect Igraine and Morgaine. She is caught, but is released after a man in armor and Merlin approach the gates. A guard asks to see the masked man\'s face, and Merlin puts a charm on the man to make him appear as Gorlois. At first, Morgaine is thankful her father is alive, but she noticed the dragon of the man\'s arm and begins to understand that her "father" is Uther. Later, she is waiting for her father\'s body to come home. Morgause says that "Gorlois" is upstairs sleeping with Igraine, but Morgaine tells Morgause that her father is dead. Gorlois\' corpse then arrives, and Igraine is shell shocked. Uther emerges in his true form. Morgause, however, ignores the drama, as the man who delivered Gorlois\' body, King Lot of Orkney, takes notice of her, and she falls in love. Uther takes Morgaine and Igraine to Camelot, where Igraine gives birth to Arthur Pendragon, the grand new heir of the prophecy.  Arthur and Morgaine grow up loving each other dearly. When Arthur is five and Morgaine is 13, Viviane and Merlin return, saying that it is time to take Arthur away for his training with Merlin as future king. Viviane then orders Morgaine to come with her to Avalon to be trained as a priestess. Igraine and Uther do not want Morgaine to go, but Viviane threatens to withdraw Avalon\'s support of Uther, and Morgaine and Arthur are taken away from Camelot. Arthur and Morgaine are torn apart tearfully from each other, Arthur heading north with Merlin, and Morgaine heading south with Viviane. Viviane then takes Morgaine behind a misty curtain into a utopian island, Avalon. Viviane trains Morgaine to gain power of the elements, and in the servitiude of the Mother Goddess. It takes ten years for Morgaine to be initiated, her final test being to part the mists. Igraine has a distressful vision of Morgaine "being taken." Soon after her initiation, Morgaine meets her cousin Lancelot , a handsome and bold warrior. He has come to seek his mother\'s blessing in battle, but she is reluctant to give it. Morgaine shows him a stone circle, and she begins to fall in love with him. Lancelot sees through the misty veil a few Christian nuns and some virgin postulants walking down a path. One of them strays and seems as if she is aware of Avalon\'s existence. Lancelot begs Morgaine to open the mists for her, and she does so. The postulant is startled, but quickly smitten with Lancelot, as Lancelot is with her. The girl\'s name is Gwenhwyfar, daughter of a Welsh king. Morgaine immediately dislikes Gwenhwyfar, and closes the mists on her, separating them. Lancelot, annoyed, decides to defy his mother and leaves. A few days later, on Beltane, Viviane sends Morgaine to be a part of a fertility rite as "The Virgin Huntress", where Morgaine is to make love to the man who kills the king\'s stag. Both partners are masked, so neither knows who the other is, but afterward, Morgaine longs for it to be Lancelot, but she knows she will never know for sure.  Arthur having completed his training with Merlin, finds his father, Uther, in a Saxon battle just before he dies. He is locked in a burning church and calls to both God and Goddess for help. Viviane, on behalf of the Goddess, answers, and gives Arthur Excalibur in exchange for loyalty to Avalon and paganism as well as Christianity. Arthur quickly agrees, and defeats the Saxons. Morgaine is finally released from Avalon and returns to Camelot for her brother\'s coronation. She reunites first with Morgause, who is now Queen of Orkney and has a teenage son, Gawain. She then finds her mother, old and worn, sitting by a window with the Bishop Patrick. Igraine says that she is becoming a Christian nun and moving to Glastonbury. She says that she wants to seek repentance for betraying Gorlois long ago and being twice widowed. Morgaine is startled by this news and distressed. Meanwhile, Arthur has been given a Christian Princess as his bride. As Arthur introduces his bride to Lancelot, she is revealed to be Gwenhwyfar. Lancelot and Gwenhwyfar are bewildered by this twist of fate, and have an awkward first meeting. Arthur then happily reunites with Morgaine. But soon, Arthur naively reveals that he was the King\'s Stag at the Beltane feast. Morgaine, shocked that she\'d made passionate love to her own brother, cries in despair and shame. In a brief scene, Morgause is seen performing an infertility curse on Gwenhwyfar, a woman "she has decided to hate," cursing her to barrenness. Arthur is crowned king under the both Pendragon and Christian banners. The Bishop Patrick then weds him to Gwenhwyfar. Merlin and Viviane appear startled, this union seemingly unexpected even to them. Morgause whispers to her husband that Gwenhwyfar will never have children, making her son Gawain next in line to the throne. Morgaine feels sick and quickly leaves the celebration. Morgause follows her; Morgaine reveals that she is pregnant but does not mention that Arthur is the father. Morgause is surprised—Morgaine\'s baby would inherit the crown before Gawain. Arthur is called away soon after his coronation, leaving Gwenhwyfar in Lancelot\'s care. They go riding one day, only to be attacked by Saxons. Lancelot saves Gwenhwyfar from being raped, and they hide. Gwenhwyfar and Lancelot kiss, but vow that their loyalties are to Arthur first, not each other, and they swear to never have an affair.  Morgause concocts a potion to help Morgaine abort her pregnancy. Viviane stops Morgaine before she can drink it. Morgause warns Morgaine to never be Viviane\'s pawn. Morgaine is furious with Viviane for letting this abomination happen: a bastard child fathered by her own brother. Viviane wants this baby to be Arthur\'s heir, whose pagan roots would make him the greatest ruler Britain has ever seen. Morgaine renounces Viviane and Avalon, and moves to Orkney with Morgause. In the middle of winter, Morgaine gives birth to a son, Mordred. Morgause is advised by her husband, Lot, to kill the child. Indeed, Morgause has ample opportunity to kill him, as Morgaine is unconscious due to a fever she develops after childbirth. She sets Mordred in front of a cold open window. Morgaine suddenly calls out in her fever that Arthur is the father. Morgause gets a new idea and saves the baby and takes him to be nursed. She tells her husband that she will tutor and raise Mordred so the boy will have her influence. She even nurses Mordred for the first time herself.  This begins the second part of the miniseries. Morgaine, convinced by Morgause, decides to return to Camelot. Arthur has become the great king everyone has hoped for, and Gwenhwyfar is beginning to grow distressed at her inability to produce the son Arthur needs to succeed him. Arthur assures Gwenhwyfar that they are still young and have years to bear children. Morgaine returns to Camelot and is greeted by Arthur. She is introduced to Sir Accolon, a pagan Knight of the Round Table and son of the elderly pagan King Uriens of North Wales. Accolon and Morgaine are drawn to each other. Meanwhile, Lancelot is dealing with increased stress over Gwenhwyfar and his growing desire for her. Gwenhwyfar, obsessed with bearing children, resorts to asking Morgaine for a fertility charm. Morgaine obliges, and gives her the charm on the night of Beltane. On the night of Beltane, at a feast, Arthur gets very drunk. Meanwhile, Morgaine, feeling insulted by Arthur\'s lewd remarks towards paganism, leaves the feast and rides out towards the field where the pagans light the Beltane fires and dance. Accolon follows her outside. Arthur, in the meantime, is taken to bed, barely awake, by a spirited Lancelot and Gwenhwyfar. Arthur then brings up how he notices Lancelot and Gwenhwyfar looking at each other, and how Gwenhwyfar has no child. Arthur, blaming the lack of an heir on himself, suggests that Gwenhwyfar sleep with both him and Lancelot in the hopes of conceiving the needed heir. Arthur emphasizes that Gwenhwyfar will be able to swear that the child was conceived in the king\'s bed. Lancelot and Gwenhwyfar are both skeptical, but Arthur persuades them, and they all bed down together. Meanwhile, Morgaine and Accolon kiss amongst the dancing pagans. The next day, Lancelot is feeling regret for what he has done with Gwenhwyfar and Arthur. Morgaine realizes that Lancelot will never love her, so she devises an alternative to Lancelot feeling regret and sadness all his life. Gwenhwyfar has, by this time, gotten her period, and therefore still remains barren. Her serving woman, Elaine, is ecstatic, as Lancelot  has asked her to marry him . Gwenhwyfar, angered and distressed, dismisses her. Gwenhwyfar is also annoyed at Morgaine, who promised the charm would work, and resents Arthur for insisting the threesome would work. At Lancelot and Elaine\'s wedding, Morgaine speaks with Merlin. Viviane is absent from her son\'s wedding, as the pagan banners of Pendragon have been taken down from Camelot due to Gwenhwyfar being hysterically upset with the "painted savages." Meanwhile, King Uriens discusses taking a second wife  with Arthur, and out of spite, Gwenhwyfar suggests Morgaine. Arthur isn\'t too keen on the idea, but he and Gwenhwyfar ask Morgaine. Gwenhwyfar carefully words the proposal, and Morgaine thinks it is Accolon proposing, and accepts. She only finds out too late that she was engaged to the father, and not the son. Morgaine decides that it would be for the best to go through with the marriage, as Wales was an important political ally. Merlin, upset by Morgaine leaving Camelot with Uriens, leaves the feast.  Merlin, upon returning to Avalon, dies of old age and tiredness, with Viviane horribly upset, and Avalon filling with mist. Morgaine, ironically, finds her marriage to Uriens to be the few happy years her life would bring her. Accolon becomes like a son to her, and for the first time in her life, she feels like part of a family. Meanwhile, in Scotland, Mordred, Morgaine\'s son by Arthur, has grown to manhood. Viviane comes to him and tells him of his being next in line for the throne. Mordred takes this to heart and tells Morgause  he is going to claim his birthright. When he arrives in Camelot, Arthur is planning to turn back the Saxons, who have come on Britain again in force. Mordred makes himself known to Arthur only as his nephew, his mother being Morgaine. Arthur is not told Mordred is his son, and Mordred is welcomed with open arms into Camelot. King Uriens dies, and Morgaine decides to go back to Avalon. However, the mists will not open for her, and Morgaine believes the Goddess is dying. In despair, she crouches in the boat and lets herself float, only to be found by Igraine, still alive and living among the nuns. The women have a brief but happy reunion. Mordred and Arthur, overlooking the knights one day, begin a discussion about the next heir. Mordred insists Arthur should name someone, but Arthur still believes Gwenhwyfar might still bear a son. Mordred insists he choose someone before Arthur dies in battle. Arthur says he needs someone of his own descent. It is here that Mordred reveals himself as Arthur\'s son and that Morgaine was the Virgin Huntress from long ago. Gwenhwyfar overhears this and runs away, embarrassed and despaired.  Gwenhwyfar has fallen frantically into praying all day before her dozens of religious icons. One day Lancelot meets her there, and they plan a secret rendezvous, only to have Mordred overhear. Mordred catches the pair before they sleep together, and he threatens to take both of them before the king and have them hanged for infidelity. Lancelot and Gwenhwyfar escape, and they part for the last time. Gwenhwyfar enters Glastonbury, where Igraine meets her. Igraine takes her to Morgaine, still living there, and both women finally make amends with each other. Morgaine goes back to Camelot, now in ruins, with various men crucified, hanged and decapitated along the walls of the palace. Mordred, Morgaine, Viviane, and Morgause all meet on the stairs to the palace. Viviane reveals Morgause\'s evil for all to see, reminding the people of the true ways of the Goddess; Morgause, in anger, takes a knife to kill Viviane, but Viviane quickly catches the knife and in turn, stabs Morgause first. Morgause falls dead. Mordred, having thought of Morgause as his real mother, takes his sword and kills Viviane. Because Viviane was Lady of the Lake, the sun is eclipsed, and Igraine senses her sisters are dead. Raven, a priestess who had taken a vow of silence, screams vocally for the first time in despair. A final battle then is set to take place between the Saxons and Arthur\'s army. Lancelot joins him at the front lines just before the battle. Morgaine is off seeing over the cremation of Viviane and Morgause. Mordred has actually joined the Saxons and is leading them to Arthur. Morgaine sees this in a vision as the bodies of her aunts burn before her, and rides off to the battlefield. The fierce battle kills all until only Mordred and Arthur stand. Morgaine arrives all too late. She sees the bodies of Gawain, Accolon, and Lancelot among the thousands. Mordred and Arthur have both fatally wounded each other. Mordred dies first, in Morgaine\'s arms, but Arthur lingers. Arthur begs Morgaine to take him to Avalon.  As in the beginning, Morgaine is in the boat. Arthur, barely alive, is lying in front of her; Morgaine tries to part the mists, but fails. Arthur holds out Excalibur, suggesting the Goddess needs an offering. Morgaine hurls the sword into the mist, where it is mystically transformed into a cross, and temporarily opens up the mists to Avalon. Arthur sees Avalon, and Morgaine declares, "We\'re home!" Arthur sees the beautiful land, and then dies. As Arthur dies, the mists close permanently. Morgaine then goes to Glastonbury &mdash; not to live as a nun, but because she has nowhere else to go. She is convinced the Goddess is dead, until one day she sees a little girl praying at the feet of the Virgin Mary. Morgaine smiles, believing that the Goddess isn\'t dead, but rather has reincarnated herself in the form of Mary, and perhaps there is hope to one day, generations later, bring Avalon back.'] ['The film begins by following a tour group at a memorial museum dedicated to Nancy Archer. The patrons are shown a film with Dr. Loeb, who explains that the events surrounding Nancy Archer were true. Nancy was an heiress to her mother\'s fortune. Her father, Hamilton Cobb, hopes to use the money to gain control over the town they live in. Nancy sees her psychiatrist, Dr. Cushing, about her low self-esteem and bad marriage to Harry. Her husband frequently spends time with a mistress, Honey Parker, the town beautician. Despite her attempts to confront Harry, Nancy cannot express her anger in a healthy manner, allowing both her husband and father to take advantage of her. While driving one night out in the desert, she sees a UFO, which shines a bright light at her. Even though she knows she would be the town\'s laughing stock, she also knows what she saw was real. She finally convinces Harry to accompany her on another night time drive in the desert, but the UFO nowhere in sight. Suddenly, the ship descends from the sky. Getting out of the car for a closer look, Nancy is trapped by a bright light and disappears along with the UFO. Harry quietly returns to town and doesn\'t even report the kidnapping to the local authorities, Sheriff Denby and deputy Charlie. A dazed Nancy is later found atop of Honey\'s salon and is brought home. Her father is suspicious that Harry left her out in the desert while Harry denies any wrongdoing. Harry accuses Hamilton of neglecting his own wife after she was locked away at a sanitarium. As the two men argue, Nancy loses her temper, yelling that she can speak for herself and her mother. Suddenly, to everyone\'s surprise, she begins to grow, nearly bursting out of her clothes and smashing her head through the ceiling into the attic. The next morning Nancy is relocated to a large stable. There she is introduced to Dr. Loeb. He observed a hormonal surge that occurred during Nancy\'s growth. Scared, Nancy asks that he find a cure, while keeping it a secret. Unable to convince her to move to a "controlled, therapeutic environment," Dr. Loeb explains to Harry that Nancy\'s condition is unique and precarious. The strain of her heart to sustain her new size would make any stress too dangerous for her. This gives Harry an idea in order to get rid of her. As she grows Nancy becomes more self-confident and strong willed, empowered by her new strength over everyone else. Eventually, she invites Harry to dinner and discuss her physical, mental and emotional growth. She thinks it will make their marriage stronger and she has a number of other ideas. Harry, unhinged by Nancy\'s suggestions insults and angers her enough that she faints from the stress, crashing into the stable. Escaping to Honey\'s salon, he celebrates by offering her Nancy\'s diamond necklace. Nancy awakens and walks through the panicked town searching for Harry. Confronting Honey, she encourages her to look beyond her current situation and do more with her life. Capturing Harry, she flees into the desert with National Guard helicopters pursuing her. Stopped by some high voltage power lines and confronted by her father and the authorities, she asserts herself and announces her father\'s ambitions to buy out the town using her money. Due to a miscommunication from the sheriff , a sniper on the helicopter shoots Nancy. Taking a direct hit, she falls onto the power lines, but is rescued and taken away  by the UFO, proving her claims were real. The crowds disperse, with Honey making a business agreement with Hamilton. Dr. Cushing explains to the press that wherever Nancy is, she now has Harry all to herself. Inside the UFO, Harry is forced to undergo therapy with two other men under a tiny dome, watched over by Nancy and two other giantesses.'] ['{{Plot}} Set in the Whitehead Correctional Institute, the film begins with Sabrina Downs  narrating a specific experience she had while serving time as a convict. Her story begins as she meets Frances Shephard , a timid woman that is new to the prison system, during their bus ride to the correctional facility. The women arrive at the prison, where they meet Captain Alan Dease , who proceeds to line them up and exclaim the rules of the prison and consequences for not abiding by them. As Frances is escorted by an officer to the jail cell she will be living in, she enters to a scene of female convicts gambling, smoking, and talking amongst themselves. She attempts to move in with her cell mate Nikki Barnes , who is presumed to be the leader amongst the convicts, but is denied and instead lives with Lil’ Mama , a 17-year old pregnant convict who is deeply involved in Christianity and befriends Frances. Lil’ Mama introduces Francis to another inmate named Wet , who informs her on the different crews in the prison. When asked what crime she committed, Frances confesses that she accidentally murdered her abusive husband in effort to protect herself. The next day, Frances is familiarized with the inmates’ daily routine of hard labor in what the other convicts refer to as a “sweatshop.” Michael Meadows , a law student who is hired as the new correctional officer at Whitehead, enters Dease’s office and introduces himself. They have a brief conversation before Dease is called to stop a fight that has occurred between Nikki and Aiesha , who the other inmates claim to be Dease’s secret mistress and informer. After two officers take Aisha away for starting the fight, Dease has an intimidating conversation with Michael informing him that he runs the prison, not Nelson , the warden. Nelson approaches Dease and they collaborate about their plans to increase their profit off the prison. Aisha enters Dease’s office to discuss her fight with Nicki and Dease slaps her in the face, telling her she’s unimportant. He presents Aisha with a gift but refuses to give it to her until she provides him with any information about the other convicts. Dease then turns off the surveillance camera and forces Aisha to perform oral sex on him. After she leaves the office, Aisha finds Frances, punches her in the face for confessing that Aisha caused the fight, and steals her necklace. Aisha leaves around the corner and is surprised by Nikki, who stabs her and takes Frances’s chain back. After the incident, Michael takes Frances to Dease’s office where Nelson questions her, but Frances provides no information about what she saw and is let go. Later that night, Dease and the other officers enter Nikki’s cell and beat her, claiming that they know she stabbed Aisha. According to Sabrina’s narration, however, Dease secretly loves Nikki and abuses her because she does not return the feelings. Michael enters the break room where Dease and the other guards are. They begin to discuss the possible closing of the prison and John Banks , a white officer, is concerned about finding a new job. Dease claims that the loss of jobs is associated with untrained students such as Michael stealing their jobs, which creates tension between the other officers and Michael. As Michael attempts to defend himself and the mistreated female inmates, Dease proceeds to yell at him that these women have no respect for society and are therefore deserve to be treated poorly. Later, Michael does his own research on the prison system and discovers that these female convicts are being exploited for cheap labor. At night, Lil’ Mama becomes very ill and the other convicts are concerned about her and her child’s health. No officers come to help and Frances, who was a nurse, takes care of Lil’ Mama throughout the night. The next day in the sweatshop, Nikki thanks Frances for helping Lil’ Mama and returns her necklace. The ladies receive bad news that Frances was denied an appeal, Nikki’s children do not come to visit, and Wet gets a citation for creating a petition to end the prison’s harsh working conditions. Also, Aisha returns after recovering from being stabbed. Frances, Nikki, Lil’ Mama, and Wet, now friends, sneak off to the kitchen where they share food and wine. They witness Dease secretly place a small bomb in the kitchen which goes off and alarms the other officers. As a result, Dease blamed the incident on the inmates and has the kitchen rebuilt. After placing the prison on lockdown, Nelson approaches Dease, angry about the explosion and Wet’s petition. Nelson states that he was informed that Dease created the explosion and threatens to fire Dease if he attempts any secret plans again. During a cell search, Officer Banks enters Wet’s room and begins to damage her belongings, causing an altercation between Wet and Banks. Wet is taken to solitary confinement. When she returns, Wet and the other inmates collaborate and create another petition in a few days to present to Miller , a man that Nelson hopes will invest in the prison’s cheap labor. When Miller arrives to the workstation where the inmates are, Frances stands and reads the inmates’ demands for better working conditions and Nikki proceeds in giving the petition to Miller. Dease and Banks begin to hit Frances and Nikki and take them to solitary confinement where they stay for 6 days. During this period, they share stories and Frances helps Nikki overcome the temptation of snorting the cocaine that Dease takes to her room. They are let out and return to their routine. During a visit from her sister, Francis discovers that her daughter Maxine has been killed in a gang shooting. After returning from suicide watch, Frances and the other inmates devise a plan to get back at Dease with the help from Michael and Aisha, who is fed up with Dease for beating her. While Lil’ Mama cleans Dease’s office, Aisha enters and seduces Dease, who kicks out Lil’ Mama and turns off the surveillance camera. After Lil’ Mama returns briefly and turns the camera back on, Aisha makes it appear as if Dease is raping her. Caught on video, the ladies plan on giving the evidence to the governor. When Lil’ Mama attempts to take the tape in Dease’s office, Dease harasses and rapes her. When she returns to the jail cell full of blood, the other inmates rush her to the infirmary where she has a miscarriage and dies. The inmates, who are violently upset, attack the doctor as he attempts to call Dease to have them escorted back to their jail cells. They hold the doctor at gunpoint and handcuff Michael to a chair. Wet shoots Dease as he enters and he in return fires a shot and hits the doctor. Nelson, informed of the situation, refuses to call the Governor for assistance and instead orders the officers to be ready at the scene. In the infirmary, the convicts release Michael, handcuff wounded Dease, and call Nelson, telling him he has one hour to get the Governor on the phone. Nelson demands to speak with Dease in order to ensure he is alive. The inmates put Dease on the phone and force him to tell Nelson that he raped Lil’ Mama. When her back is turned, Dease attacks Frances and Nikki shoots Dease several times, killing him. Sergeant Cervantes , the officer in charge, orders the inmates to surrender and Wet goes outside and shoots an officer. She is shot in the chest and dies. After much thought, Frances and Nikki decide to exit the infirmary and are killed by the officers. Meanwhile, Aisha sneaks into Dease’s office and retrieves the tape. During her final narration, Sabrina explains that after taking the evidence to a lawyer, the women file a lawsuit against the prison for their abuse and win the case. The prison is shut down and Nelson is indicted for making corrupt business deals and using the prison for his profit. Aisha is killed in a prison fight shortly after. Sabrina, now free, dedicates the inmates’ victory to Nikki, Francis, Lil’ Mama, and Wet for their courage.'] ['In 1953, Katherine Ann Watson , a 30-year-old graduate student in the department of Art History at UCLA, takes a position teaching "History of Art" at Wellesley College, a conservative women\'s private liberal arts college in Massachusetts because she wants to make a difference and influence the next generation of women. At her first class, Katherine discovers that the girls have already memorized the entire syllabus from the textbook so she instead uses the classes to introduce them to Modern Art and encourages spirited classroom discussions about topics such as what makes good art and what the Mona Lisa\'s smile means. This brings her into conflict with the conservative College President  who warns Katherine to stick to the syllabus if she wants to keep her job. Katherine comes to know many of the students in her class well and seeks to inspire them to seek more than marriage to eligible young men. Joan Brandwyn  dreamt of being a lawyer and enrolled as pre-law so Katherine encourages her to apply to Yale Law School, where she is accepted. Joan, however, elopes with her fiancé Tommy , and is very happy. She decides that what she wants most is to be a wife and mother after graduation and asks Katherine to respect her choice. Betty Warren  is highly conservative like her mother, the head of the Alumnae Association. Betty doesn\'t understand why Katherine is not married and is strident in insisting that there is a universal standard for good art. She writes two editorials for the college paper, one which exposes the nurse, Amanda Armstrong , for giving out contraception, which results in the nurse being fired, and one attacking Katherine for advocating that women should seek a career instead of just being wives and mothers as intended. Betty can\'t wait to marry Spencer  as their parents have arranged and expects to get the traditional exemptions from attending class because she is married, but Katherine insists she will be marked on merit. Connie Baker  is dating Betty\'s cousin, Charlie . Betty persuades her that he is only using her since it has been arranged by his parents for him to marry Deb, a girl more of his social standing. So, Connie ends the relationship. However, Charlie has already decided for himself that he is not going to marry Deb, so he and Connie get back together. Giselle Levy  has liberal views, and she supports Katherine because she sees her as having chosen what she wants in her life and because she herself has often felt out of place at the school being Jewish among the mostly WASP student body. Giselle brazenly has affairs with a professor and a married man. Katherine confides to the girls that she was engaged when she was younger, but that she and her fiance were separated by the war. The relationship fizzled out, and she has since had several affairs. Katherine declines a proposal from her boyfriend  from California because she doesn\'t love him enough. She begins seeing the Wellesley Italian professor, Bill Dunbar , who is charming and full of stories about Europe and his heroic actions in Italy during the war. He has also had affairs with many students , and Katherine makes him promise that it will never happen again. When Katherine learns that Bill spent the entire war at the Army Languages Center on Long Island, she decides to break up with him because he is not trustworthy. Dunbar responds that Katherine didn\'t come to Wellesley to help the students, but to try to find herself. Betty\'s marriage fails miserably, as Spencer spends as much time as possible in New York on business. Giselle also catches Spencer having an affair. Betty\'s mother tries to pressure Betty into remaining married to Spencer, at least for a while to avoid causing a scandal. Betty asks her mother if the Mona Lisa\'s smile means she is happy. At graduation, Betty tells Katherine that she is divorcing Spencer. She adds that she is going to share a flat in Greenwich Village with Giselle, and that she is considering applying to Yale Law School. Katherine\'s course is highly popular, so the college invites her to return. But Betty\'s mother and the president impose conditions on Katherine: she must follow the syllabus, submit lesson plans for approval, keep a strictly professional relationship among all faculty members, and not talk to the girls about anything other than classes. Katherine decides to leave, exploring Europe. In the ending scene, Betty dedicates her last editorial to her teacher Katherine Watson, claiming that Katherine is "an extraordinary woman who lived by example and compelled us all to see the world through new eyes." As Katherine\'s taxi speeds up, all her students follow on their bicycles and Betty is seen increasingly struggling to keep up with the taxi as a last effort to thank Katherine for changing her life.'] ["Judith Moore had what she thought was a perfect marriage, both she and her husband studying to be doctors. But after she puts her studies on hold to find a job and support them, her husband promptly leaves Judith to be with another doctor. Depressed, she holes up in her apartment, where the middle-aged Pat Francato serves as a building superintendent and elevator operator. He is as lonely as she is, beset with gambling problems, and for a moment Judith and Pat make a connection. Unfortunately, what he wishes to pursue as a romantic relationship, Judith sees only as a friendship. Her friend Liz Bailey, who sings at a nightclub, makes attempts to improve Judith's love life as well as her own. By the time Judith's loneliness becomes overwhelming and she misses what she had with Pat, a sweet person and good listener, it is too late -- he has found someone else."] ['Wanda, after a string of abusive relationships, abandons her family and seeks solace in the company of a petty criminal ([[Michael Higgins .'] ['The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio is based on the true story of housewife Evelyn Ryan, who helped support her family by winning entries in jingle-writing contests. Evelyn\'s husband, Kelly, failed to support his family in part due to apparent alcoholism. He had dreamed of being a singer but lost his singing voice in a car accident, and was often cruel and abusive. In the movie, Evelyn wins a large freezer, ice buckets, a washing machine, a trip to New York, sleds, boots, a pony, a palm tree, a window, a sports car, a shopping spree in her local grocery store, ice crushers, a camera, dance shoes, a boat motor, pogo sticks, a case of dog food, and a lifetime supply of bird seed. Kelly, who feels like his role as provider for the family is being threatened, criticizes Evelyn and sometimes damages the prizes she wins. Their children side with her. At one point, Kelly gets angry at his wife and knocks her over while she is carrying 12 full glass bottles of milk, causing her to nearly sever a ligament. Evelyn is able to talk him down after each incident and, temporarily at least, he treats her better. Evelyn is largely isolated because of the hours she has to spend caring for the children and the lack of local intellectual equals. However, she is contacted by a group of other contest-entering mid-western housewives and befriends them. Ultimately, Evelyn discovers that Kelly had secretly taken out a second mortgage on their house and never made payments on it, leaving the family subject to an almost-certain foreclosure. The children pray for their mother\'s miraculous victory in a contest sponsored by Dr Pepper. She wins and pays the mortgage on the house. In the closing sequence, set years later, we learn that after Kelly died, Evelyn finds out that he has placed his pension checks in a bank account especially for her. The actual Ryan children are then shown as adults, including the actual Betsy Ryan and Terry "Tuff" Ryan, the author of the book.'] ['Anne-Marie  is the wife of the French ambassador in India in the 1930s. Growing bored with the oppressive lifestyle she leads, she begins to compulsively sleep with other men to alleviate her situation. Her husband knows of her indiscretions, but is tolerant of her promiscuity.'] ['Sybylla , a headstrong, free spirited girl growing up in late 19th century Australia, has the opportunity of marriage to a young man, Harry , a wealthy suitor and childhood friend, but rejects it in order to maintain her independence, instead being forced to take a job as governess/housekeeper to the family of an illiterate neighbour to whom her father owes money. After returning home, she again rejects another proposal by Harry so she can write her novel, My Brilliant Career.'] ["Mary Cameron  lives on the Canadian island of Cape Breton, Nova Scotia. There, she enjoys a warm relationship with an old woman she calls Nanny , who regales her with stories of the Gaelic past. The rest of her time, when she isn't working at her father's pharmacy, she completes paint by numbers artworks. On discovering that she is pregnant by her boyfriend, she decides to go to Halifax, to have her baby. After giving birth, she starts modeling for life-drawing classes and eventually picks up the skills of an artist herself. Soon, she has become a successful artist and moves back to the house her friend Nanny left her to fill an entirely new role in her community."] ['With the exception of the opening and final scenes, which depict the 1941 suicide by drowning of Virginia Woolf  in the River Ouse, the action takes place within the span of a single day in three different years, and alternates among them throughout the film. In 1923, renowned author Woolf has begun writing the book Mrs Dalloway in her home in the town of Richmond outside London. In 1951, troubled Los Angeles housewife Laura Brown  escapes from her life as a conventional housewife by reading Mrs Dalloway. In 2001, New Yorker Clarissa Vaughan  is the embodiment of the title character of Mrs Dalloway as she spends the day preparing for a party she is hosting in honor of her former lover and friend Richard , a poet and author living with AIDS who is to receive an award for career achievement. Richard tells Clarissa he has stayed alive for her sake, and the award is meaningless because he didn\'t get it sooner, until he was on the brink of death. She tells him she believes he would have won the award regardless of his illness. Richard often refers to Clarissa as "Mrs. Dalloway", due to her distracting herself from her own life and self the way the Woolf character did. Virginia, who has experienced several nervous breakdowns and suffers from bipolar disorder, feels trapped in her home, intimidated by servants and constantly under the eye of her husband Leonard  who has begun a publishing business, Hogarth Press, at home to stay close to her. Woolf both welcomes and dreads an afternoon visit from her sister Vanessa  and her children. After their departure, Virginia flees to the railway station where she is awaiting a train to central London when Leonard arrives to bring her home. He tells her how he lives in constant fear that she will take her own life. She says she fears it also, but argues that if she is to live she has the right to decide how, and where, as much as any other. Very pregnant with her second child, Laura spends her days in her tract home with her young son, Richie. She married her husband, Dan , soon after World War II and on the surface they are living the American Dream but she is deeply unhappy. She and Richie make a cake for Dan\'s birthday, but it is a disaster. Her neighbour Kitty  drops in to ask her if she can feed her dog while she\'s in the hospital for a procedure. Kitty pretends to be upbeat, but Laura senses her fear and boldly kisses her on the lips. Kitty accepts the kiss without comment, and both women ignore any hidden meaning it might have. Laura and Richie successfully make another cake and clean up, and then she takes Richie to stay with Mrs. Latch . He is terrified of being left without her and she insists she will be back, but instead of running errands she checks into a hotel where she intends to commit suicide. Laura removes several bottles of pills and Woolf\'s novel from her purse, and begins to read Mrs Dalloway. She drifts off to sleep, and dreams the hotel room is flooded, awakening with a change of heart, and caresses her belly. She picks up Richie and they return home to celebrate Dan\'s birthday. Clarissa appears equally worried about Richard, and his depression, and the party she is planning for him. Although Clarissa herself is a lesbian who has been living with Sally Lester  for 10 years, she and Richard were lovers during their college days, and he has spent the better part of his life in gay relationships, including one with Louis Waters , who left him years ago but returns for the festivities. Clarissa\'s daughter, Julia , comes home to help her prepare. Richard has taken all sorts of pills but tells her Clarissa is the most beautiful thing he ever had in life, before he throws himself out a window to his death. Later that night Laura, who is Richard\'s mother, arrives at Clarissa\'s apartment. It is clear that Laura\'s abandonment of her family was a profound trauma for Richard, but Laura reveals it was a better decision for her to leave the family after the birth of her daughter, rather than commit suicide. She has led an independent, happier life as a librarian in Canada. She does not apologize for the hurt she caused to her family , and suggests that it\'s not possible to feel regret for something over which she had no choice. She acknowledges that no one will forgive her, but offers an explanation: "It [her life] was death. I chose life." When Julia spontaneously hugs her, she looks stunned and surprised, then moved by the demonstration of compassion.'] ['At a house in Los Angeles, Helene is turning forty and her friends throw her a party. The guests arrive for the party while one of them shoots the events with a movie camera and films their conversations about eating and romance.'] ["The film opens with a foreshadow to moments after the shooting. This is quickly followed by a scene with Valerie Solanas  in custody for the shooting of Andy Warhol . The film then takes us back to a time when Valerie is living in New York and prostituting herself for a living. A series of further flashbacks point to her difficult childhood, and success in studying psychology at college. Here, Valerie discovers that she is a lesbian, that she can write and that she has a distinctive view of the world. This leads her to New York City and its downtown underworld. Through her friend Stevie , she meets Candy Darling , who in turn introduces her to Andy Warhol. Meanwhile, Valerie also meets Maurice Girodias , the publisher of Olympia Press. While Valerie wants Warhol to produce her play, Up Your Ass, Girodias wants her to write a pornographic novel for him. Once she signs a contract with Girodias, she comes to suspect his offer is not a generous one and may not be in her interests. She comes to regret signing this contract. At this point, her increasing derangement leads her to believe that Warhol and Girodias are controlling her. The film concludes, where it began, with Solanas' attempted murder of Warhol. The film then steps ten years into the future, where Warhol gets frightened when he sees Valerie by a near car staring angrily at him while he and some friends are entering a nightclub, and finds that she suddenly disappears once a bus passes the car."] ['Daughters of the Dust is set in 1902 among the members of the Peazant family, Gullah who live at Ibo Landing on St. Helena Island, South Carolina.'] ['The film starts off with Left Eye Watkins  and his gang attempting to bully Sheriff Shoeshine Michel  into giving them gold and women. A female member of the gang is extremely enthusiastic about the women and sets out to rape a can-can girl in the middle of town. While resisting, the can-can cuts the female gang member who in turns shoots her in the middle of the road. The can-can girl happens to be the sister of Rachel , the protagonist. Rachel, a religious, reformed bad girl, rounds up her former gang members to seek revenge. They are followed by a blacked haired lady  who is also seeking revenge upon them.'] ['Holly and Jackie form a small group of "women\'s libbers". They convince Candy, a wealthy socialite who has an incestous relationship with her brother, to join them at their meetings. The group needs Candy\'s membership to bring money and "glamour" to their cause.'] ['The film tells the story of a woman named Nazneen, a Bengali girl who grew up in rural Bangladesh, in the district of MymensinghBook Review: Brick Lane SAWNET, and moves to Brick Lane in London at the age of 17, with her husband Chanu Ahmed, who is twice her age and was wedded to her in an arranged marriage.{{citeweb}} and the Bangladeshi Muslim community was becoming increasingly religious including the character Karim.'] [" The 1952 segment deals with Claire Donnelly , a widowed nurse living in suburban Chicago, who becomes pregnant by her brother-in-law and decides to undergo abortion in order not to hurt her late husband's family. However, abortion at the time is strictly illegal. Donnelly eventually finds another nurse  who provides her the name of a woman who can find her someone who will perform the abortion. After a clandestine procedure she finally manages to abort but dies shortly afterwards due to hemorrhage.  The 1974 segment deals with Barbara Barrows , a struggling and aging mother with four children and a policeman husband who works the night shift, who discovers she must welcome another addition to the family, despite having recently gone back to college. She considers abortion with the support of her teenage daughter  but ultimately chooses to keep the child.  The 1996 segment deals with Christine Cullen , a college student who got pregnant by a married professor, decides on an abortion when he breaks up with her and only offers her money. She is operated on by Dr. Beth Thompson . However, the abortion takes place during a violent protest, and an abortion protester  walks in on the operation and shoots Dr. Thompson."] ["A young woman living in  Arapahoe County, Wyoming accidentally kills her very abusive husband. She is put on trial but acquitted. She then incurs the annoyance of her male neighbors by farming sheep instead of cattle and setting up a women's suffrage movement."] [" An elderly couple, Edith  and Abby  sit in a cinema watching a lesbian-themed film The Children's Hour. A couple walks out of the theater in disgust at the film, and a group of kids laugh when they see Edith and Abby holding hands. Later at the home they have shared for 30 years, Abby falls from a ladder. At the hospital, doctors tell Edith that Abby may have suffered a stroke. Edith spends the night in the waiting room and in the morning she learns that Abby died during the night, and none of the hospital workers informed her after it had happened. Edith telephones Abby's nephew, Ted , to tell him the news. Before Ted and his family come for the funeral, Edith removes all traces that they were a couple. She makes it look like they had separate bedrooms and removes photographs of the two of them together. At the house afterwards, Ted and Edith talk about the fact that the house was in Abby's name. Although Edith contributed equally to the mortgage, she legally owns no part of it. As Alice packs up Abby's belongings, Ted tells Edith that he would consider letting Edith staying in the house and paying him rent. Edith tells him that Abby would have wanted her to stay in the house, as that was what they always talked about. Ted eventually tells her that it would be better if he sells the house and she finds a place of her own although he says that he'll wait till she finds a new place before putting the house on the market. The family leaves, with Ted telling Edith that he will be in touch in a couple of weeks to discuss what she is going to do.  Linda ([[Michelle Williams , a young student, now shares the house with three friends, all lesbians. They face conflict with the feminist group they are part of when the other women do not want to include lesbian issues despite the fact that Linda and her friends helped to found the group and fought for free contraception on campus with their straight friends. At a lesbian bar they have not been to before, they are surprised and disappointed to see women apparently fulfilling traditional butch and femme roles. They laugh at Amy , a young butch woman who is wearing a tie. Amy asks Linda to dance but she refuses while her friends are still there. The others soon leave and Linda stays behind and dances with Amy. Later, Amy gives Linda a ride home on her motorcycle and they kiss. Linda invites Amy to return the next day. The next day Linda and the others are arguing with a woman from the feminist group when Amy arrives. Linda is embarrassed and is short with Amy who quickly leaves. Linda's friends tease her about Amy and question how they can be taken seriously as feminists if they associate with people like Amy. They cannot understand why a woman would dress like a man when they have fought so hard to escape such stereotypical roles. Linda goes to Amy's house and apologizes. They sleep together. The next morning Linda sees a picture of Amy as a child, dressed like a boy. She asks Amy if Amy is supposed to be the man and Linda the woman. Amy says no and accuses Linda of being afraid that people will know what she is if she is seen with Amy. Amy goes to Linda's house for dinner. Linda urges her friends to give Amy a chance but an awkward evening deteriorates when Linda's friends laugh at Amy and try to make her change her clothes. Amy leaves, upset. Linda follows her home and tells her that she was never ashamed of Amy, but only of herself. They reconcile.  The house is now inhabited by Fran  and Kal , a couple hoping to have a baby together. They hope to get a sperm donation from Tom  and Arnold , a gay couple, but when the men are reluctant to agree to stay out of the baby's life, the women decide not to go ahead. Later, Kal tells Fran that she does not want to know the father of the baby and they agree to use an anonymous donor. They look for donors on the internet and find a company to use. Going through endless profiles of potential donors, Kal gets upset that she herself cannot get Fran pregnant. When they discover that Fran is ovulating, Kal hurries to the donor company to get the sperm. She inseminates Fran, but with no success. They share their worries for their child. They know that their baby will face discrimination but hope that their love for each other and their child will be enough. After three attempts to get pregnant, they go to a doctor to help them conceive. Shortly afterwards they discover that Fran is pregnant."] ['The film tells the story of Sissy Hankshaw , a woman born with a mutation  giving her enormously large thumbs. The film is a transgressive romp, covering topics from homosexuality and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels take her to New York, where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry, a staid Mohawk named Julian Gitche . In her later travels, she encounters, among many others, a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean  and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled "The Chink" .'] ['Ann  is a gifted and brilliant musician whose sense of security falls to pieces when she witnesses her husband kissing another woman. Without hesitation, she abandons him and takes a headlong rush into the arms of a new beginning, embarking on a transnational journey that ultimately takes her to an isolated villa on the secluded island of Ischia, Italy. Once settled, Ann insists on goading herself to fresh extremes, and takes it upon herself to swim out as far into the ocean as possible. Fainting under the scorching summer rays, her floating body is pulled out of the water by local woman Giulia , with whom Ann begins to explore a whole new facet of life.'] ['Desert Hearts is set in 1959. Vivian Bell , an English professor at Columbia University, travels to Nevada to establish six-week residency to obtain a divorce. She stays at a guest house for women waiting for their divorces to be finalized, owned by Frances Parker . Vivian meets Cay Rivvers , a free-spirited sculptor to whom Frances is a surrogate mother. Cay works at a casino as a change operator in Reno, and is ending a relationship with Darrell, her boss, because as she put it, she "allowed self to be attracted to his attraction" for her. When Vivian arrives, Cay notices her, and tightly controlled and elegant Vivian in turn is taken aback by Cay\'s boldness and lack of concern of what others think of her. Cay reveals that she has had relationships with women in the past. Frances notices that Vivian is becoming a bigger part of Cay\'s life and resents her for it, afraid that Cay will leave her and she will be alone. When everyone attends an engagement party for Cay\'s best friend Silver, Cay drives a drunken Vivian to Lake Tahoe afterwards and kisses her. Vivian returns it passionately and is so surprised by her response that she begs Cay to take her home. When they return at the ranch in the early morning, Frances has had Vivian\'s bags packed and a taxi waiting for her, furious  that she has seduced Cay. Cay leaves the ranch immediately and Vivian endures the rest of her stay in a hotel casino. After some days apart, both Cay and Vivian are clearly confused and hurt. Cay goes to visit Vivian at her hotel and overcomes Vivian\'s resistance to making love to another woman and they begin an affair. With Vivian\'s impending finalization of her divorce, they must sort out the future of their relationship, Vivian afraid of what people will think of her, and Cay unsure of what she would ever do in New York City. Frances and Cay are brought together, and Cay admits to Frances that Vivian has "reached in and put a string of lights around her heart". As Vivian is at the train station to take her back, she convinces Cay to discuss coming with her just until the next station.'] ['Josephine Monaghan  is a young society woman who is seduced by her family\'s portrait photographer, and as a result, bears an illegitimate child. She is expelled from her family and home in disgrace, and with no other resources, she leaves her newborn son under the care of her sister and heads West. On the road, Josephine discovers that her options are very limited. As a single woman traveling alone, she is viewed with suspicion, or as sexual prey for any man. She assists a traveling salesman  who subsequently tries to sell her services as a whore to passing strangers. Seeing it as her only protection, Josephine scars her face, and begins to dress as a man &mdash; thus becoming "Jo." At a mining camp in Ruby City, she meets Percy  who takes her under his wing. Percy recommends Jo for a job at the stable, and teaches her about how to survive in the frontier. But Percy nurses a deep suspicion of women, viewing them to be "more trouble then they are worth." He later demonstrates his misogyny by slashing the face of a prostitute who refuses to give him oral sex. Jo no longer feels safe with Percy or her secret, so she accepts a job herding sheep, and heads for the mountains. After returning in the spring, Percy gives Jo a letter for her that he had received months earlier. The letter is from Jo\'s sister, and Percy having opened it, now knows he is a she. He is furious at being made a fool of by a woman and "a whore at that," referring to the mention of her son in the letter. He attacks and tries to rape Jo, but she draws her gun and subdues him. Largely ostracized by the town\'s people since the incident with the prostitute, Percy promises Jo he will not share her secret if she finances his journey out of the territory. She agrees, though swears to him she will find him and kill him if he breaks his silence. For five years she works as a shepherd, braving the deadly winters alone to the worry of her employer, Frank Badger , who has taken a liking to the "young man" he nicknames "Little Jo." When Jo has enough money saved, she quits Badger, and buys her own homestead. While frequently viewed as "peculiar," Jo is clearly educated, and earns the respect of the people in Ruby City and the surrounding territory. A local girl, Mary,  has her eye on Jo. Blind to the truth, most hope the two will court. One day in town, Jo comes across a mob about to lynch a Chinese laborer for trying to "take our jobs." Jo intervenes, and Badger insists the "chinaman", Tinman Wong , go to live with Jo to help with the homestead. Tinman accompanies Jo to the homestead, and takes on the duties of cook and housekeeper. Though he seems slow-witted, Jo is not happy at having company forced upon her, and is afraid he will discover she is not a man. She keeps as much distance as possible. But Tinman easily discovers the truth about Jo, and in doing so, reveals he is far more intelligent then he has pretended to be--he, too, has been masquerading for his own safety. Jo drops her guard and the two begin a love affair. A feud begins to brew between the sheep herders and cattlemen who are moving into the territory. The Eastern Cattle Company wants to buy up all the land in the area, and they kill anyone who does not comply. One by one, the sheep herders give in, or are murdered by masked gunmen. Jo has witnessed the brutal murders of too many of her friends, and the violence that will be necessary to win this kind of fight goes against her gentle nature. This is a masculine quality that goes beyond her ability to "pass," so Jo dons a dress once again in a feeble effort to step back into a more traditionally feminine role. Tinman argues that it will be impossible for her to go back being the society woman, urging her to keep the homestead, and stand against the cattlemen in the upcoming election. Jo will not be swayed, and meets with the representative from the cattle company, Henry Grey  to tell him she will sell. Tinman falls ill, and Jo summons Badger\'s wife , who practices folk medicine, to tend him. Badger comes along, and is furious when Grey arrives with his wife so that Jo can sign the final papers for the sale of the homestead. Feeling betrayed by Jo for helping the cattle company to "squeeze me," Badger hits Jo, proclaiming, "By God, boy! I thought you\'d amount to something." As Grey prepares the papers inside, Jo watches his wife who, through the warped glass, is visually reminiscent of Jo when she was a woman of society. In an instant, Jo changes her mind and refuses to sell to Grey, who leaves in disgust issuing less than veiled threats. Tinman recovers, and on election day, Badger and Jo ride to Ruby City but are met by several of Grey\'s masked gunmen. Badger shoots one of the gunmen, but is wounded, so it is up to Jo to finish the fight. She kills the two remaining men, but the pain of the act of killing is clearly indicated on her face. The plot jumps to many years later, after Tinman Wong has died. Jo collapses while fetching water, and Badger finds her in bed, near death. He takes her in his wagon to the Ruby City doctor, but she is dead before they arrive. As Badger buys rounds of drinks at the saloon in memory of Little Jo, the undertaker rushes in with his shocking discovery--Little Jo was a woman. The town elders rush back to the undertaker\'s to inspect. All stand around the preparation table in shock, all except Mrs. Addie , the saloon owner, who laughs and laughs. Badger is furious at the betrayal by his friend, and because Jo "made a fool out of me." He goes back to her homestead, and as he tears the place apart in anger, comes across the letter from her sister, and a picture of her as she lived as a woman. In town, the people tie Jo\'s dead body to her horse for a photograph. The final shot is of the newspaper story with the before-and-after photographs, and the headline, "Rancher Jo Was a Woman."'] ['Darly Peters  is a brassy waitress and former stripper who used to use the stage name Pillow Talk. Darly is on her way to Alaska to claim a home being built for her and return to the family she abandoned eighteen years earlier. She meets Marianne Johnson , a quiet waif who just walked out on her abusive husband. Darly allows Marianne to tag along as they journey across country to Alaska. Along the way, they meet a collection of colorful characters, including a strange-talking waitress named 66 , and Walt , a road guy who recognizes Darly as the former Pillow Talk and wants to pay her big money for sex. The women finally make it to Alaska, where Darly finds that the house she was expecting to find has never been built. The two set up in a house trailer and, with the Alaskan wilderness as a backdrop, they begin to reevaluate their lives.'] ['Emmy Coer is a computer scientist obsessed with Countess Ada Lovelace, author of the first computer algorithm, written for Charles Babbage\'s "difference engine". She finds a way of communicating with people in the past by way of "undying information waves". In the film, Ada\'s ideas are portrayed as limited by discrimination against women in technology, science and mathematics in her time. Much of the story revolves around Coer\'s attempts to use genetic engineering to bring Countess Lovelace into the present.'] ["Rachel Cameron  is a shy 35-year-old spinster schoolteacher living with her widowed mother in an apartment above the funeral home once owned by her father in a small town in Connecticut. School is out for summer vacation and Rachel figures it will just be another lonely and boring summer for her.  Fellow unmarried teacher and best friend Calla Mackie, a closeted lesbian, persuades her to attend a revival meeting, where one of the preachers encourages Rachel to express her feelings. Calla also is inspired to explore her emotions, but when she reveals her physical attraction to Rachel, she is kindly rebuffed by her friend. When Rachel's former high school classmate Nick Kazlik comes to town to visit his parents, she succumbs to his charms and has her first sexual experience. Mistaking lust for love, she begins to plan a future with Nick, who rejects her once he realizes she views their relationship as more than a casual and temporary affair. Believing she is pregnant, Rachel plans to leave town and raise the child. With Calla's assistance, she finds another teaching job in Oregon, but before she moves she discovers her expanding girth actually is the result of a benign cyst. After undergoing surgery to have it removed, she decides to relocate as planned and, with her mother in tow, sets out for what she hopes will be a more promising future."] 