['The fictional game begins with an introductory title sequence. There are five play levels, each with a boss at the end. The two heroes each have a preferred fighting style; one primarily uses a baseball bat, though he also uses Uzis at one point, and the other utilizes a variety of kicks. Numerous special attacks are used, including three which are specifically named: * Datsun 180b Monster Truck * The Ghosts of a Billion Dead Mosquitos * You are Entering a World of Pain It ends with credits and stills depicting events after the pirate baby is defeated.'] ['Tierra Madre is based on Aidee Gonzalez’s true life, a woman living on the Mexican border towns of Tecate and Tijuana, determined to raise her children with her female partner. This narrative feature makes the strong case of the strength, the independence and the solidarity that exits among women of all ages.'] ["Spork is about a 14-year-old intersex misfit who identifies as a girl. She is unpopular, mistreated by her classmates, and very soft-spoken. Her next-door neighbor and best friend, Tootsie Roll, is planning on entering the school Dance-Off to win $236 which she would use to visit her dad in prison. During a hair-product-related dancing accident, Tootsie Roll injures her ankle and can no longer compete. Spork rises to the occasion and surprises the whole school by signing up for the Dance-Off. The film touches on many controversial issues such as racism, sexism, classism, homophobia, and gender roles on a serious level and keeps an air of comedic value. Spork is also notable for featuring young actors playing their own ages , instead of older teen actors made to look young. It is rare, but not unrealistic, that young actors are seen handling such adult themes and language. The period that the movie is based in is unclear as there are several anachronisms. For example, Spork and Tootsie Roll are listening to hip-hop songs from the early 1990s and wearing 90s fashion, while the antagonist, Betsy Byotch, and her crew are wearing 1980s garb, listening to 80s music yet they worship Britney Spears. The character of Charlie is obsessed with Justin Timberlake which is late 1990's. It is mentioned throughout that Spork and Charlie are obsessed with The Wizard of Oz, but the only difference is Spork's love for The Wiz and Charlie's love for the 1939 The Wizard of Oz."] ['Howl explores the life and works of 20th century American poet, Allen Ginsberg. Constructed in a nonlinear fashion, the film juxtaposes historical events with a variety of cinematic techniques. It reconstructs the early life of Ginsberg during the 1940s and 1950s . It also re-enacts Ginsberg\'s debut performance of "Howl" at the Six Gallery Reading on October 7, 1955 in black-and-white. ‘Howl’ filmmakers talk youth culture, James Franco The reading was the first important public manifestation of the Beat Generation and helped to herald the West Coast literary revolution that became known as the San Francisco Renaissance.The readings by the other four Six Gallery poets are not recreated in the film. In addition, parts of the poem are interpreted through animated sequences. Finally, these events are juxtaposed with color images of the 1957 obscenity trial of San Francisco poet and City Lights Bookstore co-founder, Lawrence Ferlinghetti who was the first person to publish "Howl" in Howl and Other Poems.'] ["Miguel  is a young fisherman of Cabo Blanco, a village in northern Peru with specific traditions regarding death. He is married to Mariela , who is pregnant with their first son, but he also has a secret affair with a man, Santiago . Santiago accidentally drowns at sea, and his ghost returns to ask Miguel to find his body, in order to bury it with their village's rituals. Miguel is forced to deal with the consequences of their actions and accept who he really is, even at the risk of losing the people that he loves."] ["Boys in the Sand is composed of three segments set on Fire Island. * Bayside: The dark, bearded Peter Fisk walks along the wooded paths of the island until reaching a beach. He strips and sunbathes on a blanket. Suddenly, out in the water, the blond naked Donovan appears and runs up onto the beach to Fisk. Fisk performs oral sex on Donovan, who then leads Fisk into the woods. Fisk grabs the blanket and follows, catching up to Donovan in a clearing. They kiss and touch each other, then Donovan takes a studded leather strap from Fisk's wrist and attaches it around Fisk's genitalia. They continue the scene, with each performing oral sex on the other and Donovan penetrating Fisk. Following Donovan's climax he returns to servicing Fisk orally and, as Fisk is climaxing, momentary flashes of previous scenes are intercut. The scene ends with Fisk taking the strap from his genitals and attaching it around Donovan's wrist. Fisk runs into the ocean and vanishes, mirroring Donovan's entrance. Donovan dons Fisk's abandoned clothes and heads off down the beach. * Poolside: The segment opens with Donovan on a pier, holding a newspaper. He returns to his house, strips by the pool and begins reading. Intrigued by an ad in the back of the paper, Donovan writes a letter in response. After a number of days pass , he receives a reply in the form of a package. Inside is a tablet, which he throws into the pool. The water starts to churn and the dark-haired Danny Di Cioccio emerges to Donovan's delight. The two couple by the pool, with each performing oral sex on the other and Donovan penetrating Di Cioccio in a variety of positions. Di Cioccio turns the tables and tops Donovan until Donovan's climax. The scene closes with the two engaged in horseplay in the pool and then walking off together down a boardwalk. * Inside: This final segment opens with shots of Donovan showering, toweling off and wandering idly around his room, intercut with shots of African-American telephone repairman Tommy Moore checking various poles and lines outside, Donovan spots Moore from his balcony. Moore sees Donovan as well. The remainder of the segment consists of Donovan's fantasized sexual encounters with Moore throughout the house intercut with shots of Donovan sniffing poppers and penetrating himself with a large black dildo. The segment ends following Donovan's climax with the dildo, with the real Moore coming inside the house and closing the door behind them."] ['Havet is a Tunisian woman of some forty years. She is a widow and has a twenty-year-old son who has immigrated to Canada. She lives with her mother in a working-class neighborhood in Tunis and works as a telemarketing operator for a French company installed in Tunis. Each morning, she leaves for work, sinking deeper and deeper into suffocating routine. At home, her life is monotonous and of no interest.'] ['Kicki  has, after several years abroad, returned to Sweden. Her 17-year old son - Viktor  has been brought up by his grandmother and has a very distant relationship to his mother. In an effort to get reacquainted Kicki invites her son to join her on vacation in Taiwan. But her hidden agenda is that Taipei is also the home of the Taiwanese businessman  with whom she has been conducting an Internet romance.'] 